A subreddit where people post findings of made-up numbers without recurring digits
Pedophilia test
I have a plan for global warming
Streaming service should have a shuffle button to play random episodes of shows you've already seen.
A version of reddit where only original content can be posted. You are banned if you repost.
Rename the "Great Depression" to "World Depression I"
Night of the Living Dead RESCORE
Keep records on your teachers somewhere that other kids can contribute and add to. Give them a report card and grade at the end of the year.
Roadway Reinvention
The Hunger Game of Thrones
tinder for dogs
When someone doesnt use their blinker when turning, the car’s tires fall off
Instead of snowflakes, it rains small flames that extinguishes when almost reach a surface
If you have one earbud in while vacuuming and the dangling cord is not attached to a device. If the cord contacts the outside of the vacuum hose while the vacuum is rolling on carpet you get a small static shock in your ear
I worked on my mental health by journaling and created an app during the process!
A show like are you smarter than a 5th grader but it's are you smarter than a dog and all the questions are about how things smell
Hire Gilbert Gottfried as Alex Trebek's replacement on Jeopardy
We could play the most epic game of telephone right now
Companies should start paying employees with Hand Sanitizer and Toilet Paper!!!
If Jeff Bezos can effectively evade taxes while doing business in the United States, the US should declare war on him. Why pay tribute to these bandits we call the government, if they won't even protect us from other bandits?
Make a giant crouton and sail around the world on it, giving out soup to the poor and needy. Make a sail out of a huge cheese slice.
Doomsday Preppers: Covid Aftermath episode
All we need to combat world hunger is a huge animal with regenerative abilities and an inability to feel pain
A grocery store that sells all the same items as a normal grocer but every item has the same plain label/font, no marketing involved.
North Korea should become rich from drug tourism
Nationalize the fast food industry, drastically lowering the cost of both food and delivery, thus making eating easier, cheaper, and safer in the face of COVID-19.
Every year the top pop song from each country is now the national anthem of that country.
Games that you download on something like the eShop or PS store that you don’t want anymore you can put them up for sale in something like eBay specifically for downloaded things on whatever system you’re on (ex Switch, PS4, etc)
A completely whimsical, "what can I buy with (x) amount of money?" website.
Spotify ads that are the same volume as the music
Someone should make good grape flavored candies that taste like real grapes.
PBS kids style programming for college level material
Tenet movie theme party idea
At the begining of each school year, from 6th grade on, every child should start their science class learning about the Dunning Kruger effect.
Two Tiny Houses Connected With A Central Sun Room &amp; Deck
Let's check 7 gadgets you could adore your bathroom space with
Set up a kickstarter to pay to get Trumps dirty laundry.
Invade a carribean nation
Films and TV Shows should have the option to separately turn the volume up and down for the Dialogue, Music and Sound Effects, the way Video Games do.
A bathroom floor made out of soap, so when you slip your hands will fall on the soap
all your reddit karma transferable to any account you own.
Go On A Trip To Mercury!
a movement coined “unsubscribe” aimed at reducing the amount of mainstream media consumption down to a critical mass to invoke real change. they are literally brainwashing us and inflicting panic at a time when we need sanity and guidance.
A 4 generation (80 year) worldwide law banning anyone from having more than one child.
cheese dispensers in every bathroom. they should have LED's too how could would that be
Somebody needs to develop an open source blood sugar monitor
The US government should allow two consenting adults who have open carry permits to partake in a western themed duel in public over any disputes they may have, thereby halving the amount of open gun holders in the states.
الأطفال الذين ينمون على الأشجار. الأشخاص الذين يريدون أطفالًا ولكنهم لم يتمكنوا من الحصول عليها بالطريقة العادية يذهبون إلى قطف الأطفال عندما يحين الموسم. المتظاهرون المناهضون للإجهاض يستهدفونهم لسبب ما.
Taxidermy the deceased and put a little voice chip in them that plays when you hug them. Build-a-Bear, but for dead loved ones!
We should let corporate sponsors name new diseases to fund a vaccine. Just like Corona did for that virus in China.
This whole Covid19 pandemic could very well be some predestined Mad Max dystopian future fantasy that we have collectively imagined and are now bringing to fruition.
Quat should be the past tense of quit.
To catch a predator except it’s cheaters cheating on their spouse, and they get caught and exposed to their partner and the public.
Schools should combine Athletics and Theater to create a "Pro Wrestling" program with regular performances throughout the school year
A political system where only people younger than the youngest candidate in the race are allowed to vote.Bathtubs should be legally required to have cup holders built in.
The dream world is it's own universe where our minds create reality. Dreams can be so messed up because everyone else has just been doing what they want for forever and dreamland is like fan fiction Hollywood.
Infinite gold
a live updated leaderboard, moment to moment, of who has held their breath the longest and are currently holding their breath advancing that record
Home working dressed as Tony Montana
We should create a political party of the best sim city / city skylines players to see if they can successfully run a country
Mario party but make it nsfw/l
Term limits for all politicians.
The CEO of the largest social media site where millions of people are influenced daily takes out a paper news ad to influence people
States should install uplifting road signs randomly. Just a "You're doing fine." for that one person who really needs a pick-me-up.
Have men pay you to pretend to lose fights after catcalling their wives/girlfriends
Competitive sports participants are now trying to get second place, while also trying to beat their previous personal best.
Every bottle with dangerous fluids (p.e. Toxic bath cleaner) should have 5 stickers you can put on drinking bottles if you want to refuel it to the other bottle
We should collectively call ambulances for all the corrupt politicians so they have to pay with all of their stolen money.
End climate change by starting a religion that uses nature as its church and worships nature as its God. Sue the government for infringing on the religion's 1st amendment rights.Every post where the title says "to the 10 people who will see this" should be automatically deleted after it gets 10 views
Encourage new “wagon trails” where people in big cities group together to move to cheaper towns. Add to a new local economy and escape brutal big city cost of living.
A Sub where you Upvote; you get 1 downvote.
Transplant eyes from animals to anybody needing an eye transplant , so that we can see for the first time What and how animals see.
Stop covering Trump. That's it.
There should be a video/image recognizer software on this website so that when someone tries to repost, it automatically gets denied and the OP gets an upvote
Bernie Sanders personally released the coronavirus to drum up support for universal healthcare.
Pay per view movies should just start for free and let you watch the first five minutes; you only pay to continue.
Gender reveal party but a stripper's butt cheeks are indicated with X and Y/X to reveal babys gender and it only gets visible after spray cream is licked off it.
A browse feed as option to see the feed of the account you clicked on.
Metallica should make a metal opera
Education could change, especially high schools
An app which translates a song when it listens to it.
Instead of awarding koalas just donate directly to the fire relief fund 🤷‍♂️.
US democrats should take ownership of being "sick and nasty" and show republicans how sick and sick and nasty democrats really are. Great job Pelosi!
Open a construction company called Builderberg to troll conspiracy theorists!
How to get laid
Establish Ministry of Data
Make a coronavirus shaped punching bag
Genetically modify potatoes to have ALL the vitamins and minerals -- call them "Mutatoes"
The Jeff Bezos of the world should hire someone to create content daily on YouTube/other platforms and donate 100% of the YouTube money to charity.
Okay so, the who is saying that handwashing kills the virus. why arent we gargling soap?
Facebook for dead people, where the AI predicts the type of thing they would post, comment etc. and posts it for them.
Time travel pizza delivery but for real
When Mars is terra-formed to the point that it is ready for colonization, give all of the Native Americans the first option to live there since their land was stolen from them, its an opportunity to repair some of that damage done.
An unplayable song where the refrain tells Alexa, Google, Siri, etc. to stop music.
Depressed version of Tinder. So we just match with people, meet up, and crying together and being sad together and shit
By law, all USB cables must have a large braille dot on the top side, and the dot must be marked in a contrasting color.
Measure everything in bees.
Get your dick completely tattooed as Pickle Rick.
Put the upvote/downvote buttons on the right side on mobile because that's the side most people scroll from.
Something on my mind
Those vitamin gummies called “1-a-Day” that actually say to take two.
Brand new sound packs, sample packs and loops don’t miss out!!! All kits 100% genuine at the cheapest price plus 6 free drum kits to download
We all go to the same place on Earth and jump at the same time to try and throw us out of orbit.
Have food trucks deliver
Big ass mirror on the moon so you can take far away selfies
Anti-viral chewing gum
Crazy idea
There should be a separately elected co-president for foreign policy, the military, and intelligence. The regular president would be tasked with everything else, such as signing legislation; and overseeing the federal budget and the rest of the federal government.
Spotify should come out with a streaming service, like twitch, and let the streamers play Spotify songs without a DMCA strike. It would show the music playing and you have to have Spotify premium to play the song on your own time.
Youtube ads that match the average volume of the video, so you can adjust your volume and not have to turn it up, down, up, down every second
A Law With a Harsher Punishment if You Commit a Crime Wearing a Mask
A Crazy Idea Politics subreddit to circlejerk politics instead of here
Sell prints and mugs of the top posts from r/delusionalartists, because it's "ironic"
Get paid to play single player games passively, with a twist! (open link for more info, you will not believe what happens next?!)
Antivaxxers should make a society with technology that detects autism before birth and throws the baby out if so. Then they can say that their society has a proven lower autism rate and show the correlation!!!
Elizabeth Baker vasilijzajcev2011
A restaurant where it's always your birthday, geared towards guests dining out alone.
Make Puerta Rico a state. To keep an even 50 stars on the flag, demote Florida to a territory.
Create 2 artificially intelligent robots, place them on a planet away from earth with all the tools/material/resources they need to create more of them and then watch them without them knowing.
An app where based on your humming or singing, it formulates a backing track using the chosen instruments.A wish fountain with Geralt's statue on it
Beer that tastes good.
A Uber tier for theme cars like the batmobile, the delorean, the ghostbusters wagon, etc
A cute but brutal game about grizzly bears
Those anti-bird spikes, but modified to be anti-children spikes that you can install around your house.
An McHammer Biopic
New Rule, a founder of a company can only at most own the amount their least paid employee makes in a year, times how many employees there are.
Find every high school stoner with anything above a high C in math and science. Have an in depth discussion on neurological cannabinoid receptors in humans. Watch them start making A's in those subjects
A feature to block a subreddit from a redditors point of view, so a redditor isn't bothered by its content or its community, being featured or crossposted as well!
Cake day is every day!
A game where you fight the top 100 most upvoted bosses from r/bossfight
A TV show/special where Eminem teaches Lil Nas X how to Rap and Lil Nas X teaches Eminem how to sing Country
Change the Redskins team name to the Whiteskins
A VR device that lets you go back and correct anything you want from your life, then watch and see if your life would pan out differently.
Social accountability
Building dressers and drawers that take into account floorboards and don't leave gaps in the back that things can fall into.
It’s time we start voting out politicians who are not committed to moving toward a solar based economy.
Solve world hunger by literally eating the rich
Force all aircraft inspectors to travel in one randomly-selected aircraft that they inspected once per year
Crowdfunding: P2P notes for Windows, Android and iOS with local syncSave money on hearing bills through the winter by always being a little bit on fire.
A TV Series based around time travel in which something crazy happens every episode that leads them to reset to the start of the episode. Each episode is directly after the pilot episode but with very different events happening leading to and causing the reset.
Audiobook versions of classic works of literature, narrated by Heinz Doofenshmirtz
Free toilet for your house made by facebook paid for by selling your personal info... Very personal
Christ the Redeemer, the Game.
Instead of scoring with a total 10 , just smash five 2's
An armpit sink, for people like me who start to sweat immediately after showering
Mostly plant-based ground "meat" that uses beef fat for flavor
Human skin color changes depending on the season
Every single news post in reddit should give the commenters a special flair based on whether or not they read the article
A hammer made for the indecent and horrid actions which you long to purpose upon it.
October 31st is for kids to Trick or Treat, October 30th should become Amicus Halloween. A day for the rest of us to Trick or Treat to recapture a bit of our Happy youth.
Live-action reboot of Michael J. Frog's "hello my baby" cartoon.
A mouse with two USBs and software that allows the cursor to travel between two computers.
Make being in prison a felony, literally. Anyone physically in prison is committing a felony. Prisoner, guard, visitor, it doesn't matter. Being in a prison is a felony. The penalty for breaking this law is a lengthy prison term.
Idea for a digitalized, auto stabilizing, recoilless firearm that has remote charging, tracking, and safety capabilities.
Faucets that automatically shut off when the sink/tub is full.
Moon Survival Quest
When Trump is on trial for insurrection he begins his opening statement: "It all started 4 years ago..."
Protesters should all agree to stop if Trump fuck's a pig on live TV.
We should start coffin rolling people with this
Have Disney buy the rights to the Jurassic Park franchise and build a real life Jurassic Park on a tropical island.
Have a child but don't ever let them know what ice is. Then on their 18th birthday give them a glass full of ice and act like it's some terrible poison. Proceed to watch them go through the rest of their life dealing with warm drinks.
don't mark any posts NSFW because nobody is at work due to Covid19
Instead of bans you get pushed lower in the lists. If this happens enough times, your posts are so low that few if any people look that far down.
Clickbait titles should be exclusively used so that people actually read the article.
theactualfuckingrecipe.com, a website that translates long ass recipe pages with a story that goes on an on into a concise easy to read recipe
Be able to get games digitally for free if you have the disk of the game
Actually donate to Wikipedia, you use it all the damn time.
Recut and re-release Godfather part 3 using deep fake CGI and anti-aging technologies from the Irishman to remove Sofia Coppola and insert a young Winona Ryder into all her scenes.
A drone irrigation pivot
A "Million" Dollar Store: Just like a dollar store in terms of inventory, just expensive versions. So there's an isle of cheaply made greeting cards that just have large quality diamonds haphazardly glued to them, and off brand cookies that have $25,000 in cash packed inside
Captain America: Civil War but it takes place in the American Civil War
Free-to-use public restrooms for opossums
Let's call the last 30 years a mulligan and start with 1991 again.
Theoutfitshop customer care number 6202278073+6204027663
For those of us who follow the news feed on Reddit, there should be a function where Reddit will read the headlines to me
if dump hot yogurt on the belly its similar to getting jizz sprayed on belly
We make peoples ass hole larger where they can just do one big push and all the shit is gone all at once.
An alarm app that shuffles music you hate, that requires you to solve a math problem to silence it.
Stationary bikes are called stationary bikes, so we should call rowing machines stationary boats
A chat app for younger kids with smartphones, parents/guardians control who they can contact and at what times.
We could reduce a lot of abortions if the government paid for and incentivized male teens to sperm bank and get a vasectomy
Wireless straw
Maybe Netflix "Cuties" exist to track possible pedophiles. They could monitor which part users are viewing (like on pornhub) and then track suspicious user IP and the FBI could probably get warrant to spy on the user computer
A "V" lapel pin for folks who've been vaccinated for covid. Also a "VV" pin for those who were both vaccinated and had a vasectomy.
What if we had, Drumroll please... A good government!-US Citizen
A brand of chips except the bags are filled with helium instead of air and they just float around on grocery store shelves
A horse, with TWO Horsepower
Ancient orbits - have you heard of them
Disney+ should make the black and white “Woody’s Roundup” show from Toy Story 2.
Develop a super virus and spread it to the entire world, it must be bad enough to make every country in the world reallocate their entire military spending into treatment/response/research. Nobody can attack another while in a crisis. Hope it’ll stay that way after the pandemic dies down.
Tinder, but it's for people with similar phobias, hypochondriacs, etc.
A not requested plan to stop police brutality from a Mexican Neighbour with insomnia.
Anti-gold for Reddit; Add the option to pay Reddit to remove gold and other awards from posts.
National Herd Immunity Day
Every city should open a couple of bars and then quarantine all the idiots inside.
There should be a YouTube channel called Mox that makes Vox styled videos that are simply jokes.
Snorting semen is the cure for the coronavirus.
Have a form of punctuation between a period and exclamation point so that you don’t come off as rude or overly excited, just pleased and polite
If you use a club-type object for home-defense, carve it into the shape of a penis with the end result being humorous outcomes, such as, "He tried to rob me, but I beat him off instead," and funny descriptions in the police reports.
Steven Seagal in "The Chiropractor"
A social app called “Quarantined” that connects you to other random people to chat and speak with on common hobbies, interests, or favorites.
Make a truck flag that says “Willkie 1940”, or “McClellan 1864”, etc
A bidet that sprays vinegar for those spicy poops.
A charger that automatically unplugs itself when your device is at 100% battery
Shift the flow of money away from industries and companies that create nor provide anything substantive and redirect cashflows to ones that actually provide for society.
Adding a pocket with a taser to your takis or any snack so you can always have a weapon to guard off your school friends when you pull them out
!Downvote Bot
Make all screenshot posts in 2020 be mandatory dark mode, thus purging a large portion of old content (reposts). Let 2020 be the great purge.
All trash cans at the Disney Star Wars theme park should be the Gonk Droid
Project 250 Million
a prank bath bomb that's made of coffee grounds
Don't miss in any way. Amazon is giving away 200 dollars’ gift card for free.
The only reason boomer democrats are impeaching Trump is to block Warren and Sanders from campaigning as we approach Super Tuesday. Also leaving the door open for Hillary to enter the race while Tulsi voted “present “ in protest of what’s really going on.
A Hitman/Archer Crossover
An app that lets you rename your screenshots soon as you take them.
Set up a website like gofundme that doesn’t take a large commission solely for wedding registries and baby showers where you can give money to the couple and they can buy the things they actually need.
Keeping in touch with friends and family consistently can be a challenge. We're trying an app to automatically check if you've reached out to meaningful people and remind you if not. We've struggled with staying in and touch and want to see if this helps others too :)
Require toilet manufacturers to build all new toilets with a built-in scale so we can determine who took the biggest shit of the day.can this app solve the eduction / illiteracy and hunger problem in the developing world? (please show support to make it a reality)
Turn the Statue of Liberty around 180 degrees.
Receipts at fast food places should have the wifi password printed on them
Benjamin Button but he's a pedophile
Make a the show where you have people who hate each other spend 3 months together
Tech support hotlines should use an automated system to first assess your knowledge and common solutions you’ve already tried before connecting you to a person.
Change the US Constitution so that the Presidency has to switch between a Democrat and Republic every 4 years. That way there has to be some sort of bipartisan effort to effect new legislation, as 4 years is not much time for a President to enact a lot of partisan stuff.
Let’s develop a system that completely circumvents corruption in politics and give our politicians a one-off chance to come clean on the condition they won’t be punished for it - after that we change the system.
A talk show that ends in a debate and whoever wins at the end is the host for the next episode.
A feature in reddit that tells you how many kilometres (or miles) you’ve scrolled
Put Mr. Beast in charge of the national budget
We could have a modern revolution.
The Competition Party.
Jordan Peele should remake Courage the Cowardly Dog.
Use a 3D printer to make another 3D printer and keep going until you have a million of them
People would be less scared of war and want to be drafted if it was just a big laser tag game and o one got hurt
Reissue all the Dark Souls games with Super Mario characters and lowered difficulty.
Every so often, Facebook goes back to it's look and functionality at launch, so we appreciate how far it has comeBuy thousands of cardboard signs from the honeless that ask for help, money, food, etc. Put some glitter and crap on them, then sell them on Etsy for a 1,200% markup.
Write it in your will that your family gets a billion dollars from the government after you die.
Overly Realistic Metal Gear Solid
We should send all our garbage to the moon.
All in favor of contracting "Noun of" to "Noun'f" raise their hand
the crossover that could have been 20 years ago.
NSFW Walking into a Catholic church and throw condoms and planned parenthood pamphlets during the mass.
A Self Driving Car Race
Trustless Socialism
Sex houses should be a thing
What if the same reason we developed intelligent life on Earth is the same reason no truly advanced life exists in the universe...
Web game where rich kids develop their virtual rich characters and buy virtual expensive brands
only count stocks as a percent of the corporation that doesn't change when it splits. 1000 thousandths is 500 500ths. youre not fooling us.
run for president in the nuke-everyone-who-doesnt-pay-all-our-taxes-for-us-party
Obama should host a nationally televised press conference praising stay at home so we can see how enraged Trump can get.
Everyone in the U.S. quits their job.
Glasses that recognize ads and replace them with anything you want
If you are given months to live, hide that fact and start a conspiracy theory
Karma must be credited in Reddit for number of read posts
Hyperallegenic Soap
Restaurants should offer customer incentives on how well they tip servers not just the price of the bill.
If Coronavirus really only lasts on surfaces 72hrs, you can just reuse PPE a week later
Turn your deceased loved one into a leather blanket
An ai that can create any game you can describe.
Incel men and incel women should have a yearly national get-together where they fuck, thus making incels extinct.
The Original RoboCop but He’s Upgraded to an Android Body Indistinguishable from an Ordinary Person After Spending Decades in the RoboCop Body.
Derren Brown should cook an average meal for Gordon Ramsay, and convince him into telling that it is the best food he has ever had
Genetically modify skunks so that their spray smells like cum
Mix vodka and gelatin in a cleaned out hand sanitizer bottle so you can drink and drive.
Have 10 highschool graduates enter a competition to pretend to be a student at a college that they want to go to. Last person to be found out wins a scholarship.
A convenience store that encourages robbing.
I present to you, the ScutaLux!
Everyone should be required to work 6 months in a retail job after high school.
ban social networks from knowing the Human identity, or even if they are Human at all, of their "users"
Let’s change Donald Trump’s last name to Donald Corona.
We should get rid of leap year and instead add 6 hours to New Year's Eve every year.
Mailing an empty VHS tape to someone will get them curious and restless.
Put audio of moaning sounds in all the videos on the internet. Which will only play once but at a completely random and unexpected time.
The Government should offer subsidies/rebates for online purchases to encourage people to not go outside and shop.
Reusable Condoms
Put lights on street signs at night so you can actually read them.
Affect and Effect are too confusing for most people
reddit should ban anything covid 19 related with the exception of news subreddits
Diet Ketchup
Instead of federal income tax on individuals, make the states pay tax on their income at a similar rate.
grocery stores giving you a discount for shopping while hungry, as proven by you get a free meal at the end if you bought a bunch of stuff
Subscription to exclusive articles written by experts you know and trust
Now is the time for AMC to start a streaming service for new movies. Same overpriced movies, but at the comfort of your home
RawTube: Unedited, unproduced video submitted by the average Joe.
Link up Gold plated solar panels from Space close to Sun for free energy for the world.
Using social media should require annual license that requires an exam and clearance by a psychiatrist.
A restaurant where you are encouraged to Dine&amp;Dash (leave without paying). But there's a catch, the path to the exit is set up like an American Ninja Warrior obstacle course
laxatives as crowd control
Shrek Never After
Dependsables, they're like Lunchables, but different. Instead of throwing them away after they've been soiled, you just plant them in your backyard and 3 months later you have everything you need to make soup. :/
Don't eat bats
NBC should let Nick Offerman, play Ron Swanson, as Duke Silver.... and record a REAL Jazz Album.
Reddit is too addicting, we need an app which only shows the top 10 posts on each subreddit to combat mindless scrolling.
On every aeroplane, there should be a soundproof booth/area for children under the age of 5 years plus the person who brought them.
Get rid of warning labels
Everyone should search "Google can eat a whole bag of dicks" so that it becomes a top search.
planes can't fly unless if all passengers put their phone into airplane mode
If Trump loses the election, no one should tell him. Move him into a fake White House set, with a fake "staff," and let him tweet and watch old clips of Fox News all day. All to see just how long the charade can be stretched.
Travel to Georgia carrying a shiny yellow violin. Complain incessantly about how far behind you are, and what a bind it puts you in.
When a politician is clearly lying in a news interview, the interviewer should use thier first, middle and last name like a mom catching thier child stealing cookies.
"Lambo Gumbo"
An alarm clock that cooks bacon and turns on a smoke machine and makes you a cup of coffee while playing thematic vampire music
A new TV show called LAW CABIN... I have no idea wtf it's about, but it's called LAW CABIN, and that's a hell of a start.
Obtain alien DNA, send to DNA ancestry service, chaos ensues
Crazy idea came true! I was looking to mine crypto on my phone and it’s finally here! Pi network baby! Woo hooo
Do your standard Hallmark movie but add slapstick comedy
Use blimps equipped with solar powered rain making technology inside of them to create mobile “rainwater” delivery systems for drought or water deficient areas of the world.
National website to verify the silent majority
One game out of the season (or series in MLB) sports teams should wear their opponent’s colors.
HOW SHOULD CHILE EXPAND ITS BOARDERS
Posts viewed through old.reddit.com should only show gold awards.
The only way to make Americans get on board with another lockdown/stay-at-home order is to just let them party like crazy for three days (maybe Labor Day weekend) followed by a strict quarantine for 3 weeks. Let all those “freedoms fighters” go nuts and just get it out of their system.
The story of Shrek retold as an anime
The entire Harry Potter series from a different character's perspective
Add perpetual motion machines to the list of hand luggage restrictions. With the sudden sky-rocketing number of people searching for them, it’s statistically inevitable that we find one sooner or later!
Every time someone posts something for 'awareness', Facebook charges $5 to post that goes to that specific cause. That way you can spread awareness and actually help out.
Hide an Echo in your grandparents house and change the wake word to Jeff Bezos
Newspaper craft idea | DIY Paper craft | Tutorial Craft
Next level chess. All the pieces are grey. You have to remember which are yours.
Make March a month in memoriam, where all travelling and gathering is banned. Mother nature smiles.
Replace most of the House of Representatives with a law generating super computer.
A modern time capsule music festival where each year all attendees wear POV video cameras during their visit. Allow the world and future generations a VR experience from every possible POV and sell the performers POV experience to the charity of their choice.
Washington, DC should be represented by the congressional delegation of Maryland.
Government Mandated N Word Pass
Stimulus payment for a household when their child graduates from public high school
People should start calling jet skis boatercycles
Fast Food Distribution Network
A toilet that prevents guys from missing the bowl.
mukbang but with cumA way people can tip each other 10 cents that wastes at most 1 cent of effort, unlike handing a dime which feels insulting cuz it has negative total value when you count annoyance of carrying it in your pocket and the handoff. Instead, if you smile a certain way at them it appears in their bank.
Government should combine Old age home and orphanage so children get a family and vice versa
Give yourself a blood nose before you go into a job interview. When the interviewer realizes you're bleeding all over and asks if you want to postpone or pause the interview, say that you want this job so bad you're willing to bleed for it. Guaranteed hire
Pretend God or whatever you want to exist actually exists
Make the dictionary-defined past tense of 'troubleshoot' be 'troubleshat'.
For each dollar bill you receive, write a secret message on it, then go to a public place and burn the bill while cackling "Ha ha! No one will ever see it! The secret dies with meee!"
Play golf but instead of aiming for the lowest score possible, you have to aim to get as close as possible to a specific score
A parental control app installed in your kids phone or other devices that immediately blurs inappropriate underage videos and photos on their phone.
Below 2 % on your phone battery ought to display a decimal value.
Bring your mixer to work day
It would be funny is you could pay everyone in a live studio audience for a late night show like Jimmy Fallon’s to not laugh at any of his jokes
Pasta is a new religion?? Wut
YouTube should have a rewind of the whole decade.
How Dare You
Since U.S. air traffic controllers have to retire at 56 years of age to avoid age-related mental decline; everyone should be able to retire at 56 years of age.
If you have recovered from COVID-19 and are returning to the work force you should get extra pay because you can't get it again making you even more valuable.
Extend quarantine protocols long enough to eliminate all infectious diseases.
Drones for emergency traffic detours.
Every supermarket should be designed like a shopping mall with uniquely-named outlets instead of boring rows and rows of aisles.
Designate March as "Use your turn signal month" and see if crash statistics change.
Create a sub for every subreddit that has ever existed.
Have outdoor security lighting be ‘grow lamps’ so your lawn and shrubs grow at night
Make 366 accounts for every day of the year (including leap day) so you can always have a cake day
Each week, the state that has the greatest % decrease in new covid cases get bragging rights!
Double tapping on mobile to upvote something will uninstall the Reddit app.
There should be a mood ring to tell if your horny and make everyone where one.
Bottle deposits and bottle exchanges should be ceased and desisted until the COVID19 scare is over as touching other peoples' bottles and cans is not safe right now.
Strip clubs named after city nicknames (e.g.: Windy Titties in Chicago)
Lock Trump in a room for 24 hours with a polygraph and 10 journalists. They can ask him whatever they want without him lying or deflecting.
"Couples therapy" should be run by male and female therapists to ensure against gender bias
How can we help street guy and homeless children world widely...
To compete with $5,000+ ambulance rides, Uber should create an emergency ride-sharing service. Ubermergency.
Replace LGBTTQQIAAP with POMS (People Of Minority Sexualities)
The onion but for gaming and esports
A new Halloween tradition!
Make Car Horns Sound Like Rubber Chickens
Earth is just an atom making up a bigger earth and we’re all just tiny insignificant hitchhikers :)
Hire a FBI squat team to raid your home top to bottom to look for whatever item you lost and they clean it up when their done and find it
Spotify should listen to your mic, and if it catches you singing along the song is automatically super-liked.
A puzzle game to put shredded documents back together
Let Corona spread with no resistance and cull the weak
What if adding your email to a mobile device was easy and not akin to performing black magic?
A Mulan remake where the dragon is replaced by the Donkey from Shrek.
HP Chromebook 14-Inch Thin and Light Touchscreen Laptop
Worried about voter fraud and mail-in ballots? Write “Trump 2020-MAGA!” on the outside of your mail-in ballot.
Netflix should start silently adding deleted scenes from The Office, one at a time, so that occasionally while rewatching you stumble on a scene you’ve never seen.
A 20-sided pillow so there's always a cool side
Take French protester's guillotine example, and built a tar/feather stations outside the White House
Vacuum cleaners that emit a pleasent frequency that attracts animals instead of scaring them away
instead of a "cross post" have a "joint post" where a post can be in 2 subreddits at once so the comments in that post are in both subreddits. this will allow for less bubble thinking and interesting cross-pollination of ideas
Anybody that tests positive for COVID gets 10 pounds of glitter dumped on them. Pandemic solved.
Rainbow glitter toilet roll so your bottom looks like a magic unicorns bottom after every poo
Mascara that doesn't make women open their mouths when applying
Instead of wars, leaders of respective countries should have an epic rap battle in a new language made exclusively for 'World Raps'
Taxing the biggest hoarders of wealth, artifacts and property... The church
Use high level CGI and special effects to edit out every physical banana and banana reference from the 1991 Steve Martin comedy "Father Of The Bride"
New firearms should have trackers
Have the moderators be from a different demographic for each candidates debate. eg: First debate - one percenters, Second debate - working poor, Third debate - mortgage holders.
Everybody pitches in a little money so I can buy more hammers
Gmail and other email providers should send phishing emails to their own users to train people on how to identify fake emails.
Java DOS
Quit showering until a vaccine is ready. People will naturally social distance from you.
Beenutbutter (Honey+Peanutbutter)
A size extra medium for short overweight people
How can Average People Help This Pandemic?
Name your child "Ann Theoscar Goesto", so if they win an academy award it sounds like the presenter is stuttering.
Create the Ultimate FelineSouls could be randomly linked so when one dies unexpectedly the other does too and we'd never know.
Zoo's should only consist of the animals that are kicked out af a pack and won't survive, or animals with deadly injuries/diseases.
Have a button on Netflix that recommends a random T.V. show or movie when you are unable to decide what to watch
Gushers, but with Beef Jerky. The jerky has capsules of steak sauce, and when you take a bite it’s a taste explosion.
The IRS should add free entry lottery for the lowest tax bracket where one taxpayer in each state wins 100X their adjusted gross income.
A microwave that can turn down or off the sound of the beeps.
Coronials
Something like r/nofap, but for social media addiction.
Make Minesweeper an eSport
Why don't people post their online classroom codes to public?
Get a cat who looks really salty all the time, and a dog, and call them Salt and Pupper.
A Fallout game set in space.
Prophet Muhammad Vs Buddha- "Give even if it's little as a date Vs Give even if you have little"
Have dark colored toilet paper so you can wipe your ass to check for pinworms.
Replace the police with robots. Since AI facial recognition only works on white people, they will not target minorities like human cops do.
Instant prison cells
During a state of emergency (such as this) congress and senate should not be allowed to consider any legislation that is not directly tied to helping said state of emergency.
Websites make "Dark mode" their default option and offer a toggle in the settings for "Light mode" instead.
A character selection screen where the characters get bored and walk off if you leave them waiting too long.
Have the host of Ancient Aliens go on Joe Rogan’s Podcast.
Recycling
There has to be some reverse loan called the 20s vacation where people can spend money and live their life at 20 then start studying and working at 30.
Live cams around the world of the sunrise/sunset
r/socialisolationthoughts should be a thing.
There should be a discord of all the world's greatest scientists working on something crazy like space travel or something.
They can’t evict us all
Volume settings on your phone that estimate how far someone has to be for the sound to be audible
Train military in the language, accent, and slang of their enemy at war. That way, if all they do is hear them, the enemy would never know if they're on their side
An instagram type app that does not allow you to review before posting and no adding text to say what you really meant. If you start a post, exiting automatically posts it.
16 bit intros, cutscenes and character interactions on current gen AAA games.
Make ties for hens
Why does time dilation due to mass content not apply to the big bang? An object with that much mass must experience time more slowly in the presence of more dense places.
Every time a crosspost gets an upvote, the OP should get a portion of the karma.
Keep artificially breeding dogs for intelligence until you have a dog with human-level intelligence
‘Reality Marketing’, where commercials for products consist of candid spots of unsuspecting consumers interacting with actual products.
Nanobots that you insert into your ears, which then get into your brain and change your mind about things.
Greenhouse for growing crops and producing solar energy.
An augmented reality headset that is a file system explorer and allows you store files in places like in your fridge, or hide files under your bed.
Additional green tail lights for when you throttle
Modern day smartphones should allow you to continue to listen to your music while the ringing part of any outgoing call is happening.
Animal Crossing: New Horizons, but it's being staged like Total Drama Island.
Slasher movie idea
DreamsDay
A healthcare company that monitors you the way car insurance companies can monitor your driving.
Send money through revolut.
There should be a subreddit where it’s decided if you are an incel based on your photo.
Apple should buy a private island, move its HQ to it, and call it the iLand
Drive through bars
A browser plugin that lets facebook users pay half price to create counterfeit reddit awards on reddit posts with an overlay page
An airline that only serves cities to the right of the hyphen, such as St. Paul, Fort Worth, and St. Petersburg.
A TV legal drama called “Godwin’s Law”. It’s about a lawyer named Jake Godwin, who only defends clients who have been compared to Hitler.
Make a book/movie but each character is written by a different person so we can enjoy a real perspective in the writing. Better yet make it a tabletop RPG
”Hey Siri - I am nervous”
Russian bots are boughts
In areas prone to protests and possible riots and looting, Mount high flow water nosels from buildings. Turn them on when the crowd gets big. No one likes to be wet.
A Tesla Demolition Derby
Open World Christmas Video Game RPG based off Santa Claus.
We should send UN Blue Helmets to the US to prevent atrocities from happening
Flat earthers are actually right.
Make a TV show where people connect with the characters really well run it for about 8 seasons and on the last episode just have all the characters together and all of the sudden they all get shot through the window dying. Then end the series right there. But dont tell viewers it's the last episode.
Everyone has to wear a wristband that is either red or blue. Blue indicates that you are an introvert and red means an extrovert. Would make it easier for extroverts to adopt me.
Make a time machine and use it for 1 reason- To travel back in time far enough to a point where you could influence language to the point where, in the present day, people express their affection for one another by saying "Fuck You".
OJ could make a fortune publishing his trial notes on the yellow legal pad in book form
A subreddit that simulates the 1970s (or any decade) day by day starting Jan 1, 2030.
An app that gives police officers ratings
Masterchef Instant Pot: all you get is one pressure cooker, one hour, and a pantry full of generic food items.
“Your stomach thinks all potato is mashed.”
I strapped a Go Pro to my Tortoise
The Dublin Tundras
Wholesome: The Movie. Movie where nothing goes wrong at all.
Since the USA is collapsing Canada should invest heavily into Nukes since we don't have the population for a big personelle based army, call in the nukes.
Always be late
Ban all the 'How are you today?' questions on r/Askreddit
A service that fakes your death &amp; changes your appearance &amp; identity, so you can see what your life would be like if you died.
What if this virus is a test run of how to quarantine people from the rest of society and a precursor to how to use that knowledge to separate society! The great devide but in microbial terms. We are 50% our own cells and 50% microbactria after all.
Finger me like you are manually rewinding a VHS tape
In the U.S. solitary confinement is still practiced. Give them a computer and a bed and allow them to post on Reddit.
Do what we did with GameStop to other companies until the economy becomes so bad and convoluted that the government will have to be forced to reset it, clearing our current shitty situation.
Let's stop buying products with .99 at the end of the price.
Pants for women that have a zipper that goes all the way to your butt so you can pee without taking the pants off
If people would stop taking ideas posted here as serious. It’s called crazy ideas for a reason
Make $18 per month by replacing the browser on your Mobile/PC
Movie theaters should make Drive-In Theaters a comeback.
$5 Billion Augmented Reality VR Glasses with real time Deep Fake tech that exclusively makes everyone look like Gary Busey, backed by eccentric Saudi Prince.
A Donald J. Trump MasterClass where he teaches incompetence and lack of character
Get the elderly active and employed by having telemarketer scammers redirected to the phones at old folks homes and have the elderly purposely talk to endlessly to waste the scammers time and give the elderly company. Give them fake credit cards as well.
We should be able to change the unit of time on Reddit comments.
Honestly,
Australia's fires are Reddit's fault
Joaquin Phoenix should attend the Oscars dressed as, and in character as, the Joker.
Helping Hands - The smartphone app that should be made by the government which allows users to pay 10 dollars a month to a common fund. Users then vote on which single charity to give the funds to. Petition calling for the government to make this app in comments.
An app where you can get paid very little money to watch music videos of underground artists trying to get noticed. And there would also be an option to donate money to any of the artists.
Upon death obituaries and funerals should only list the bad and horrible things done by the deceased. And all their dark secrets are revealed. This would make saying goodbye much more interesting and we wouldn't feel so bad for them.
Blackhole refrigerator
A stress ball that screams in pain whenever you squeeze it.
Normalize all swear words to desensitize everyone to them
If im racist to everyone im jot racist because i do it to all races meaning i treat them all equally
Stop the abductions federal police are making in Portland by doing it ourselves
Suppose traffic laws were similar to motorsports
The guards who operate the metal detectors for members of Congress should be TSA agents.
Create a drug that prevents living things from developing any further. i.e. a kitten remains a kitten forever
If you know you have bad luck, become a professional stock broker and create two identities for yourself and thus two portfolios. Bet on the same stocks, but oppositely in each account. Go public with the best portfolio as a genius trader
Democrats should run a cereal ad saying "I'm pro-LIFE"
To End Drug Violence
Would anyone like to help me and the rest of the seniors at my high school enjoy the last couple of months left of school and invade our online classrooms that we are forced to participate in due to this coronavirus outbreak? this could also potentially become a senior prank!
Instead of Christmas we should call it Lastmas
There are now no more weeks. Today is just the day of the month. No Sunday Monday .... Everyone will always know how to answer “what day is it?”. It will be a number and a month. That is it.
Ads over traffic lights, while the light is red. It's illegal to skip them.
COVID-19 inspired
Podcast with 8d audio
A covid-19 category for online dating profiles: not infected, currently infected, over it
A whole star wars movie about Vader and Palpatine
If you are in the kind of unfortunate situation Epstein was with imminent 'suicide' approaching, arrange to have your hands cut off. Let them figure out then how to make your death look like a suicide.
There should be another Presidential debate even if Trump is contagious with Covid - but it should be webconferenced. Bonus: moderator gets to mute whoever's speaking out of turn.
A religion that bases the duration and intensity of weekend services on how well or poorly the week went.
Ring/Compass for couples
😺😺😺Everybody gets a kitty for Christmas every year! Also, cats are people too, so they also get a kitty!😺😺😺
An app on your phone that automatically upvotes a post you are looking it when you laugh.
They angle the “wrong way” signs on the highway so only the affected drivers see them. That way you don’t have a mini heart attack on an unfamiliar road
Singers should release different versions of their songs where they sing the same song from a music point of view, but use the lyrics from another one of their songs. Also, it's really hard to do!
Make a flu tracking website with live updates - so we can either listen to or silence the people who keep saying covid19 is no different from the flu
Underwear that connects to an app that tells you if you shit your pants when you perform a questionable fart.
Mine should have a world setting for skyblock.
instead of jail for smoking crack, the sentence is death by crack overdose. That way people who think they can smoke just a little crack are less likely to think that so are less likely to start. Decriminalizing all drugs would be even better.
Mentally stable AI clone for mentally unstable people
Pump water from Pacific Ocean to Colorado River and Desalinizing On-site
DIY Decoration farmhouse with Cardboard style fish in wood decoration ...
Put up lots of statues of President Trump.
Prosthetic thumb/finger that doubles as a flash drive
Movie About Flat-Earth Pitch
The new board game for isolators- ‘Corona Cludo’. Aunty Hilda was found infected in the conservatory, by a contaminated teaspoon.
Among Us irl. Ten friends in an arena, no talking during rounds until a body is reported on an in-game app. No real killing allowed.
A complimenting reddit
Make large companies pay taxes and close loopholes, but allow them to pay no taxes if they don't produce carbon emissions.
Replace police with robots.
A movie like Apollo 13, except the astronauts had to crash land on the moon and survive until they could be rescued. Inspired by the upcoming 2023 mission to send humans around the moon and back
Netflix allows me to gift a show to my friend who doesn't have Netflix. Netflix can generate a URL that will give access to only that show.
AT&amp;T, Verizon, and Tmobile should agree to charge Apple 30% of its revenue to build products using their services.
Start a trend involving stamp collection to help fund the Postal Service
Now would be the time to make a trading app that wouldn't be powered by institutions backing.
Single government for the whole world to prevent world war 3.
Recipes online should include how many dishes you'll have to wash when you're done making them.
I recently realised that Elon Musk may have predicted Corona when he planted all those trees that we now need for toilet paper.
A radio-drama running app that makes you feel like you are running from zombies. When you slow down, it kicks in to another track that makes it feel like they are gaining on you, etc.
Spring or Summer - Gameshow with sound bites from Covid press briefings.
Every road, town and important landmark should be assigned a theme song. Then with location services Spotify can switch songs to the theme when you’re there
Genetically alter the bacteria that cause body odor to produce nice smells, then sell that as pro-biotic deodorant
Let WhatsApp make chestpieces emojis so that people can play chest
Use big data from social media and from smartphones to determine who handles social isolation best. Train those people to be astronauts for Mars missions.
During political debates only ask questions from AskReddit
Who here makes fidget spinners? Can anyone make a fidget spinner that looks like a Coronavirus? If so, will coronavirus themed fidget Spinners sell during the pandemic?
Elections begin on the first day of the 4 year period and end on election night. You can vote for whoever you want in that 4 year period but you only get 1 vote per period, choose wisely. Would create some interesting dynamics woth momentum swings
Create a video game which is like a collaboration of Minecraft and Fortnite
A subreddit where people post pictures of their hands and others comment on how they look
During the national anthem, launch fireworks in such a way that they act as percussion for the music.
We have Disney World, with all kinds of characters. What about a Nintendo World? A place dedicated to Nintendo/gaming in general.
The opposite of a painkiller
When I was in eleventh grade I stored two thousand carrots in my closet can you find out why?
Become a successful businessperson, and market a product with the brand-name Cult (or alternatively Colt). Then no matter what the product is, switch it up somehow, all for one reason only: so you can introduce Cult "classic" a few years later and pun on the whole world.
Weird Al should do a cover of the song My Sherona called My Corona.
A version of the game "Guess Who" that uses headshots from fighting game character selection screens instead of random people.
Pretty crazy idea, but do you know how bad China Flu, Viruses, and Famine is for everyone's health and life? So terrible it should be completely gotten rid of :D
Picture the audience in your underwear, and then demand they give it back.
Photo booth at markets
Toilets that measure the length of your poop and public restrooms can have leaderboards
Lets all rate tiktok 1 star and try to get it removed from the App Store
De-icing sugar, that makes you feel warmer.
Hunger games for job interviews. But instead of killing you just show that you can do the job the best.
You know bubbly water? Have Michael Bublé market some called "Water that is" by Bublé
Liberals should invade the 4chan /pol/ board and make it a a loosely-held Democratic thinktank.
The Remington PubeMaster
74
All Laptop Accessories
Make e-book novels contain an "unlockable" journal at the back, which lists characters, dates, and plot points, but only those that the reader already encountered while reading the main work.Make e-book novels contain an "unlockable" journal at the back, which lists characters, dates, and plot points, but only those that the reader already encountered while reading the main work.
A universal income system where your income increases as you age, starting at 18, with exceptions
The Simpsons should do an entire season in Live Action
Amazon, Apple, and similar companies should issue a certain amount of free, non-transferable stock to people making less than $50k for individuals or $100k for couples. Then, issue quarterly dividends on that stock.
Frog Caviar
A one page Where's Waldo book where he's at home LIKE WE ALL SHOULD BE because of Covid-19.
Assassin's Creed like order
Online movie rentals should last for 26 hours, not 24.
Multi upvotes: for crazy good posts to be upvoted more than once by people other than the one who posted.
A group of lgbt protesters should show up to a church, cross-dressed but still in formal clothes, and just hold the door open for people etc.
Hire adult women to dress up and act like underaged girls to bait pedophiles.
An AI for advertisers that chooses stock photos with people who resemble photos in your social media.
Get a mistress with the same name as your SO, that way you'll never accidentally say the wrong name in bed!
What if because we are so close to the sun on planet Earth if has made us essentially blind to the rest of the universe...
A worldwide facial algorithm software that matches you with look-a-likes.
Put legitimately difficult puzzles/games on the back of cereal boxes for adults
Inking Toilets
Bill Gates should publicly offer Trump $20 billion to say one negative thing about Putin.
Burn an effigy of Hitler.
Public attackers, lawyers who help people who wouldn't otherwise be able to afford it sue those they've been wronged by
Tattoo Shop for Children
Flavoured Taxis.
There should be shopping baskets in the middle of the supermarket for when you thought you didn’t need one but are squeezing the bread under your arm.
A $500 amazon gift card for the person who earned the most karma that year.
Reddit should make a crypto currency based on karma
We normalize taking long breaks like in college in regular careers
Adding "Wild" to the title of anything automatically makes it better
Kill a NK family but the baby. Embalm Kim Jong Un and display his body publicly. Pull the kidnapped baby from the husk of death leader. Raise the baby as Kim Jong Un v2.0. Teach it to right the wrongs of it’s former self. Repeat.
The resurrection of Jesus Christ
There’s a minimum age requirement to be president, but there should be an age cap on being president or in politics period.
A community network using the app “Nextdoor” to help communities stay unified and promote support and togetherness with your neighbors in unpredictable times.
A random color injector for toilet water. Make it flush green, orange, purple at random intervals.
Now I know this sounds crazy, but hear me out. We shouldn’t eat bat soup.
It should be considered perjury for any Representative or Senator to lie with no evidence to support their claim.
An encrypted chat app that keeps sending random encrypted messages in a believable interval when you are not using it.
Beanie baby jacket?
A reality show in which a democrat and republican switch lives for a week in an attempt to better understand each other or alternatively to watch the chaos ensue
Men's sweat pants should have velcro flys
If Show Tities You Get Rich And Dont Need To Work
Buy a bunch of birds and name them after different birds (i.e. get a sparrow named “Hawk”).
Crime shoes, that leave intentionally unidentifiable shoe prints
Room service (at hotels that have bathtubs) should offer bubbles and bath bombs as items on the menu
Change the name of W from "double U" to "wu" so that all the names of English letters are one syllable only.
When the ball drops...
nicktoons unite meets fusion fall and...disney buy with only powerful characters.
Turn parks into primitive zones for people to live without bringing any technology.
Pharmaceutical companies should sign a document stating the vaccine is only to protect you from an infection and has nothing illegal, has been tested, etc. and a copy should be given to anyone that gets a vaccine
We should make an all-bad-news reddit, we can call it dreddit.
Stop ALL rent collection. Workers and businesses shouldn't have to go bankrupt to make rent so property owners can grow even richer.
Texas energy crisis solved
I made a research on the educational system in contrast with the must known life skills, in an animated mode, and decided to post it on YouTube. Do you agree with me there?
Let's boycott products and services for which we've seen or heard ads.
Everyone should get red or blue bandannas for face coverings so we will have teams for Armageddon.
Row out to Hans Island and claim it for myself. Complete with personalized flag, note announcing my claim and a case of Pabst Blue Ribbon.
Reddit2: Everything is identical except posts come out 2 days after they’re originally posted on Reddit, so you have time to make that clever comment you wish you had made the first time around.
Send a kid with measles into an antivaxxer convention
Make a musical action movie
a version of Uber where you're permitted to get freaky in the backseat.
An unofficial dark sequel to the Harry Potter series starring Danielle Radcliffe; Harry is a young adult in a group home recoverring from a decade of being systematically dosed w/ LCD and being locked in a small room under the staircase by his parents.
I drank antipsychotic drugs for attention and now I'm fucked up
An RTS/FPS game where one side is an unstoppable horde of monsters controlled by one person as an RTS game like Starcraft, and the other side is human soldiers and mechs that are controlled by multiple people as an FPS game like Titan fall.
where paying ransom is illegal, replace ban with full ransom tax
Epic Games and Apple should pursue Alternative Dispute Resolution and determine the winner of their lawsuits through a Fortnite Match
Let’s start a pen-pal event with Redditors all over the US to stimulate the USPS. We would simultaneously give ourselves something to do and look forward to in these trying times as well as stimulate the USPS.
Take all revenue collected from fines obtained by arresting protesters and force police departments to donate it to BLM
Maybe tax the richest 10%?
A Parmesan container with spikes on the inside to anti-ball the Parmesan.
Space spiders
The “Toasted Almond” Good Humor ice cream bars should be available in half-gallon form.
New studies show that Christians can pray on their couch and God can still hear them.
Theoutfitshop customer care number 6202278073+6204027664
Local Celebrity! A TV show that takes local TV commercial stars and does 5-10 minute bits with them. Interview, highlights, viewer comments, etc..
Price food by the calorie. High calorie food would be expensive. Low calorie food would be cheap.
Is a toonheads reboot a good idea?
See what I did there
be happy if 50 million people die in 2021 cuz most years its twice that
a spinoff to the Pokemon series with GRIT.
Criminal records should be sealed or removed from public record after a certain of time. Depending upon the crime of course.
Pay for the car behind you at the drive-trough, then roll back in line behind them, place a ridiculously large order and hope they “pass on the kindness”.
Someone has to make a completion of every rapper saying ahh or yeah before they start to rap and upload it to pornhub
Heated seats in a chill restaurant
For the people who don’t answer No Caller ID- (For emergency service people)
Make future releases of Skyrim like Star Wars, where every new version is ultimately the same thing but with a few small changes no one asked for
"Ananas in Pajamas" - a TV show featuring two anthropomorphic pineapples. Release it in every language known to man... except English.
Go see your bank manager for a loan. Borrow enough to buy the bank. You now owe yourself the money. And you own a bank.
A way to get paid if you star in someone’s dream.
Create condoms with temporary tattoos inside so when you roll that shit off, BAM a dinosaur on your dick
New type of racing except there are 4 steering wheels at every seat for every wheel and you need 4 people in a team to drive it. Could have individual engines for each wheel as well.
Shazam but for perfumes
Make replying to your own question with "nvm figured it out" and not providing your solution a capital offense
Gates, Bezos, Buffet, and Zuckerberg donate $10 Billion each to WHO to help global fight againts COVID-19 coronoavirus.
Quarantine r/corinavirus As a Meta Joke.
Let's make minty food, the opposite of spicy food
The revival of r/pics -- back to its old glory.
A "stay at home" kind of award that gives the author 1 week of pornhub premium.
Faux turtle shell jumpsuits
How bout everyone on this sub cuts off their right pinky toe, no left pinky toe, no fuck, right pinky toe to prove they are crazy!
Instead of gift cards, traditional greeting cards (eg Hallmark) with a Q-code that has money transferred to your bank account or an album on iTunes or Spotify
If we ever find a way to extend human life, we should use the same technology and methods to extend the lives of our pets so we can share long lives with them.
SED &amp; FED; A Potential Mainstream Outlet for Gaming/Office Monitors
Open a do it yourself Tattoo shop
YouTubers should write in a pause in their scripts for YouTube to use for an ad break.
Allow people to hunt rhinos and elephants but they have to fight the animal with a knife and nothing more.
We take ALL our ice from our alcoholic drinks and put it in Antarctica to save the world.
Someone tell Trump that after the recount he won the Iowa Democratic Presidential Caucus.
A cruise ship simulator to convince me that I'm in a cabin on a cruise while I'm actually at home. Complete with simulated wave motion, Captain's announcements, etc. Combine with booze delivery service = profit!
Saving the world
Find a way to marry a handful of your best and closest friends in America.
"gay" horse radish
A store that gives discounts to people who like having red hot pockers stuck up their ass, and just for looking at they have red hot pockers and a fire near the cash register, for if some customers happen to want to use it though nobody has yet
A candle with wax that is edible.
Create a harem anime set on Noah's Ark where the animals are replaced by anime waifus
This sub in a nutshell
Require news websites to link to primary source of mentioned document, video, or audio
Companies sponsor surgical masks and distribute for free. So you walk around with a redbull mask or cocola. It will also make companies tool up to make more masks
With all the new people in the gym this week, we should start a system where a certain color shit = lift with me
bioluminescent compostable glow stick that is healing for the planet's microbiome when it degrades
Super bowl of Dentists
anything thats on the screen longer than 30 seconds and is not upvoted is automatically downvoted
A firefly feeder in the pattern of fairy lights. Fireflys land on it to eat and glow accordingly.
Have the director of Cats remake Jaws.
Star Wars Prequels Special editions, rewritten and made by pixarTwo Ideas: 1) Instagram Follows into a Playlist/Folder system (not just the saves); 2) Songsterr allowing you to download the tabs as music tracks (free would be better).
On 1st April, redirect traffic from 'r/mildlyinfuriating' to 'r/oddlysatisfying', so that people get "mildly infuriated" for not finding "mildly infuriating" content!
Create a measurement for the output of boat motors and call it seahorse power.
Put sirens that play the Spongebob closing theme in case of an inevitable nuclear attack
Fake the existence of aliens worldwide to finally unite all earthlings (against a common enemy)
Come join the Mile-Hike Club with me
In r/OutOfTheLoop have the ability to sort by "Answered" posts.
Device that delivers a small electric shock to children to teach them not to play with outlets, thereby preventing a major electric shock.
Replace 2020 sports with pro gamers
What if every person on Earth will pay $1 for one comon goal ? I did simple app for that. We can use all that money for charity :)
Writing a script about a war between the Ku Klux Klan and the Westboro Baptist Church and it’s a fucking musical.
Antiperspirant but for my palms
There should be an augmented reality blueprint to your house so you can see where every stud, pipe and what not behind your walls.
Raw chunks of garlic as a cereal with milk
A Social Media App That Requires You Meet In Person
A toilet that weighs how heavy your poop is and ranks its size based on statistics transmitted from similar toilets around the world
A light on the top of cars/motorcycles in races that changes color as they progress through the race(so you can see who’s ACTUALLY in first)
Parking lots should be big conveyors so that there are always open spots near the entrance to a building but that cars get moved further from the door the longer the person is gone
2024 presidential race: Tucker Carlson and Todd Howard VS Luke Bryan and Markiplier
A drama mini series just like HBO’s Chernobyl based on COVID-19
Spider-Man style disinfectant shooters
Make racist t-shirts and then donate 100% of the sales to charities that support civil rights and minority led causes
An alarm clock which softly pounds your nutsack with a small peanut shaped solenoid every time you snooze
bio engineer a breast not connected to anything, just a flesh ball with a nipple
Do a recut of all of the fascist part of Pink Floyd: The Wall
New TV Show: Spite House
Some only fans creator should make content exclusively created as rewards for fat guys losing weight. Like, a sexy motivation subscription service.
Omegle on Discord?
Tax public farts
Don’t give a dog a pumpkin
Ban everyone that is only here to Express political opinions
Breathalyzer/gun combo for police. If you blow above the limit, you die.
O reality TV show about spoiled rich people transitioning to the real world. The show will obviously be on tlc.
An app called “1 million clicks”
-5 hour energy. The sleeping pill!
Make a video game or a tv series about George Patton’s past life experiences.Live news globally of each countries leaders doing a tour of their hospitals with the highest Covid case counts.
Now that all the sports are cancelled and we have nothing to watch, ESPN and other sports channels should start streaming drone and robo sports.
Upvote button inside cross-posts!
Send every militia member to the frontlines
Actually let Joe Rogan moderate a presidential debate, but the debate must include several third party candidates, including Kanye. If they don't like a question, they don't have to answer it, but instead they must take one hit of DMT.
Create the archenemy sub of r/nofap : r/fappydays
A plugin for your web browser that clears all identifying data when opened if you didn't open it for several days.
YouTube with an inbuilt transistor
If there is a show called Hot Ones and Cold Ones, there should also be a show called Dank Ones where the guest and host smoke the dankest weed together.
Subreddit for Families who are pursuing Entrepreneurship
Couldn't be too hard right?
Battle royale
Fog News TV Channel. Nothing but stories about fog, 24/7.
The ability to Google what anyone thinks of you and only you.
If Daft Punk made a Mario Kart soundtrack
students who can pass a std test, and who want to, can go into a hands on sex ed assignment, and their partner grades how well they preformed.
Create a bag of gummies that IN TOTAL equal your daily intake of vitamins
There should be a feature on Reddit where you can 'revive' old posts that have been archived.
College Kids who can’t figure out what to Major in should have a tax deductible session with a palm reader.
An install wizard that allows anyone to create a simple AI without any programming background. (mock-up demo linked in comments)
Make your parents pay for your college and you save for children’s college. So instead of paying interest on student loans you get gain interest on the money saved for college.
Start up a hero business &amp; start doing heroic things for cash.
A live action sitcom as visually and contentually(?) insane as an adult animated sitcom (Family Guy, South Park, Paradise PD, etc.)
Crazy Idea: public bathrooms should have REALLY loud music playing in them so you can't hear the sound of people shitting over it
teach it to smell the corona virus
End the racial segregation of twitter subreddits: merge /r/blackpeopletwitter, /r/whitepeopletwitter, /r/scottishpeopletwitter, and whatever else
Someone should come up with a website that you can input two emotions, and it will tell you which new emotion is created by combining them.
Take all the "canceled" cartoon characters like Pepe Le Pew, Apu, Speedy Gonzalez..etc and create a new show on Adult Swim.
Get the entire cast of the hit movie “The Big Short” and have them do a follow up movie “The Bigger Short”, in light of the AMC and Gamespot scandal.
Among us ghost mode/hide and seek
Games Workshop and Hornby should team up to make cool futuristic sci-fi dystopian trains for Warhammer 40k battlefields.
Pretty much from birth, put the baby in a fully immersive VR simulation of 4D space. It would grow up with an intuitive understanding of higher dimensions.
A Like button on Friend Activity in Spotify to let your friend know “bruh I dig this song u listening to”
If I get over 1k in donations by the end of this coming monday, I will ask the girl I like out.
Maybe gingers produce vitamin D naturally because if/when a meteor wipes out the planet or the sun brakes our ozone layer the human race can still survive through red heads as cave people. Perhaps this has already happened in history and our Ozone has already repaired itself at least once before.
Ban all old music for a week to promote new music
Offer a ranking for politicians based on a 1-10 scale, along with an adjusted ranking based on other countries
A garbage disposal mechanism in a toilet.
Parents whose child(ren) are about to enter the toddler stage should get mandatory parenting lessons.
Perfume and Cologne that doesn't taste awful. (If you don't know what I mean then you won't understand what I mean)
Bathroom stalls with sinks inside and automatic doors that only open after you wash your hands.
What if rental charge attached to the person and not the unit?
What if we built a machine that could push the Earth further away from the sun to stop global warming?
Rather than $20k for graduating from high school, give $20k to everyone at birth as a kick start to their 401k.
Give the really rich tax breaks IF they first take a minimum wage job and live on only that income for a full year.
A game where when you select Hard Mode your character is given a backstory where they died during child birth. Roll credits.
loli warfare, a call of duty inspired fps but everyone's a cute anime girl
Make a belt that doesn't notify everybody in a 12 mile radius that you're taking your jeans off.
An "ambulance" Concept for restaurant. So when we call the emergency number to the restaurant and say shit like "help i need to eat that burger asap" Restaurant will send people to their home, and go back to restaurant, and give patient an "emergency" Service
No more stoplights. Only roundabouts
Hire trump to star in a video where he gets pissed off and destroys the whitehouse with his bare hands
A funeral for someone you wish was dead. Invite them and their closest enemies.
Make the Koran into a movie.
Shit my dick call it dick shit
Make Reddit awards for every element on the Periodic Table, so people can give each other organic and inorganic compounds
A special movie theater where we experience times from our past. For example, all movies available for viewing and promotional items in concession stands from Holiday 1994 are shown like it was back then.
A meta-game manager manager, to manage all the game managers we have now
Burger Kang and Dairy Queen should have sex
Danny DeVito as the DM for a live action remake of the 1980’s D&amp;D live action remake.
Crazy Idea: An internet Form Created Where Anyone Can Proposal Ideas For Change
Literally Kill the Rich
Let's get everybody to agree right now not to report to duty if we get drafted for a war with Iran.
Build a city with a school every 100 feet so that sex offenders can’t live anywhere.
Allow drivers to take a special road test when drunk and/or high, that gives them special privilege to operate a motor vehicle while under the influence
Subreddits where redditors write out episodes for completed series like Office or PandR based on current events
Let existing education systems take over for developing countries so that students there don't have to suffer with a bad education system.
A heavy metal band that makes wholesome Christian music
Setup a tourist booth that says $3 pictures, but don’t actually print the pictures or anything just go back to sleep.
Soap Water. Why use soap and water separately when you can just mix the two and save time?
T.V. show called Conventional Wisdom, featuring advice-giving Nuns.
The people at the gender reveal party should get fined and community service
Let’s
VR + Peloton
Voice mail that lets you listen to the incoming message in real time and choose whether to pick up -- a feature that every answering machine had.
Silent police sirens
What if Lunchables offered a Spam flavor
Make a bot that detects grammar issues in a post's title and "corrects" it in a way that highlights it's errors to make it look ridiculous. (Example in the comments)
Reddit post with a terrible misleading title? Create the Title Replacer “flag” in which multiple users can vote a correcting comment, made by a better informed person, as the “Title Replacer”Americans should use Chinese as the lingua franca with terrorist prisoners
A country bans Satanism, but every other religion is fine.
If a studio aquires a beloved IP and make an absolutely terrible movie out of it, they should be forced to sell it.
A butcher counter in every supermarket but for vegetables and fruit. So you don't have to take a whole watermelon/pumpkin/bunch of lettuce/etc. but can tell the veg/fruit butcher you only want half/100gr/a slice.
Let Democratic states join Canada, leaving the US as a pile of shit with really nice hair and sideburns.
A "historical" version of Wikipedia by decade... going back in time
Remove Political Parties
Eminem makes OnlyStans website where you pay monthly subscription and recieve BTS look at his writing process and how he comes up with ideas
Eat a bunch of sushi and forget to leave a tip.
New vehicles that have cameras installed all over it should be able to also act as dash/security cameras. If my new car has fifteen cameras all around it, I shouldn't need to buy a dashcam.
A mandatory ESRB system for headlines indicating how much of the story is actually captured BY the headline, if it's promoted content, nsf*, id of source outlet which has a social trustworthy score, fact check score, etc.
A food "Coldener". Like a microwave but instead of warming up food, it cools it down.
Compliment service. Pay $20 to chat with someone for 15/20 minutes where they just give you compliments.
Henry Cavill should stream himself playing The Witcher 3 in full costume. But instead of commentating, he only says "Ah, yes. I remember that."
America goes to metric like everyone else, if everyone else drives on the right side of the road like us.
Billionaire game show
Drop A 1 Gigaton (1,000,000 kilotons) on Greenland
Figure out what in Antidepressants turns men from being a "Two Pump Chump" into a "Hundred Stroke Bloke" and market that as a pill withouth the lowered libido side effects. Add in some Viagra and you will have the best selling pill on the planet.
In the next Ant-Man movie, when they ask what happened to T.I. just straight up be like “ya we had no idea but he was peddling kids and he’s in jail”
Legalize prostitution on Valentine's day only, so everyone has someone if they want
The US should make forced prisons illegal, you simply go away for life or choose to sign away your citizenship, record expunged, and deported to some 3rd world country. For every one deported, one free legal immigration spot opens.
Netflix should have a "Party up" mode where you join a group chat with folks all watching the same movie or show.
Make all house walls functionally color changing for things like temperature. When it’s hot the room is blue. Cold? Orange.Easy to access buttons/knobs for bathtubs so you can use your feet instead of hands.
You know those felt Bible characters we used to use in Sunday school to teach Bible stories to kids? That, except for porn.
A reddit award that takes away a month of someone's reddit premium. Or whatever tf it's called. You know what I mean. This is the anti-award.
A button that you can pay a few cents to not see any ads anywhere for the next 1 hour - not on billboards, robocalls, screens, salesmen, product placement in videos, etc
All movies should be required to have at least one dream sequence
How to remove flat earthers
Imagine a social media platform like Reddit with no political bias.
Serve crunchy nut cornflakes like popcorn
Society hasn’t revolted to protect the children I guess It’s ok because Epstein’s buddies say ‘No Pedo’ when they’re finished
Software for synchronizing music in bunch of cars
Place all Karens in the world in a single place then monitor whats happening there
Alright, 2020 has gotta end.
Remember when we would boycott gas stations to influence the cost of fuel? We still have the power to hit back. Time to pick our battle. Besides GameStop who deserves to fail?
Bring back original recipe Coca-Cola
Reddit should donate fraction of money for any award given daily.
Adding nicotine to hand soap would be an effective way to get people to wash their hands more frequently
Apple should make its own locally shared Instagram variant, that lets you share pictures from your Album on a “photo wall” in the photos app, giving you control over which friends/family members can see them without the fear of them being scanned by advertisers
A World of Tanks/World of Warships/War Thunder style game, where you can set the parameters of your vehicles yourself.
Ketchup Suitcase.
Form a militia and annex your local Wal-Mart under your name. Declare yourself a country and join the UN so you can rob all the vending machines at the UN headquarters while everybody is distracted by your beat boxing diplomats.
Blue balls
Any Police Officer convicted of/confirmed use of; excessive force, should be barred from any policing job indefinitely.
Find a consistent way to tame bears, then start using them either as a mode of transport or to ride them into battle
Covering crop fields to make it easier to grow in harsher conditions
Dig a giant trench on the Moon. Make it look like buttocks so that everyone can be mooned.
Blacks should declare their neighborhoods Africa and wait for white saviors to come.
Use AI to control government, no humans
COVID-69 porn
Create an electric guitar that you can play one handed.
Pacific Rim movies should be directed by the Wachowskis, Coens or Russos
what if half-ass political rebellions are staged by stock traders to shake the markets and get rich
A comedy action flick where James Bond buys a traveling circus but everyone he hires is a villain.
Mushroom Steam-Cloud
Black people in the US should be granted unconditional UBI as reparations for slavery
Insure the crap out of military equipment and personnel so insurance companies lobby against war profiteers
Reddit should allow users to award their own posts to make themselves feel better.
A crazy One Piece coin idea
Twitter users that get into arguments with each other should have ‘challenge to a debate’ option which initiates a live phone call where the users have to talk to each other.
Professional basketball: all the rules remain the same except every time the ball leaves the court it is replaced by a ball of different size/weight
How about giving it a try? (I know that we wont be genetically seperated enough to be considered species but you get the point)Call birthdays and dates of death "Escape days" because on both days you escape a fleshy prison
Do all your vegetable shopping at subway by getting them to add as many vegetables as they have to a sandwich.
Purgatory: a new roller-coaster which is a functioning graveyard-on-wheels where you can accompany your loved ones to the highs of heaven and the lows of hell
Tesla should design his truck so it is 4 wheel drive and because it has electric motors he should design it so it can spin in circles while in one spot...
Make coke ice cubes so that the ice does not dilute the coke in water but rather more coke!
Ctrl+Caps capitalizes every letter; Ctrl+Alt+Caps capitalizes every other letter. Could be useful functions.
People are always talking about how sites like Netflix or even PornHub could use similar histories to match people like a dating app. Imagine this concept, but with subreddits you follow.
Landlords should be required to hold cash reserves just like banks for times like these.
If you want to hold a seat in the house or congress you and your family have to live off of the salary of the average American family.
If the rich are going to get richer during a pandemic, why not get rich by opening up a modernized, 10,000 theater drive-in movie chain across the country...
A game with a mental health bar
Beauty and the Beast represents the women's conflicting desires for a bigger and rouge penis that feels good (beast), and a smaller, smooth, more aesthetic penis that looks good (beauty). While woman may have fun with the beast when they're younger, they grow up to marry the beauty.
3D PRINT
99.9. % of People will NEVER experience a " King &amp; Queens " royalty lifestyle. For absolutely no reason we should Crowdfund this Year round lifestyle and then randomly select 6 People ( 3 couples ) to go on a Extravagant Vacation Journey. When the 3 couples end vacation then another 6 people start
Redo the Democratic Primary
Enforce a jerk tax for fast food and retail businesses
a tv show or movie with anthropomorphic animals
Now hear me out on this one... how about... Reddit makes it possible to share pictures and videos in the damn private chats.
Your cellphone should have a countdown between when the battery is low and when it turns off.
Tweak your nips everytime someone puts 'hear me out' in their post
a balaclava made of baklava
crazy movie idea u don't wanna miss this, it's a huge plot twist.
All the porn videos should have a 7 star rating system so that videos can also get a rating of 6.9.
A Reddit Award For Downvoted Comments you Actually Agree With?
A 2000 piece Jigsaw puzzle, when completed, makes a QR code that redirects to Rick Astley.
The Savior Reveal Ultimate Truth Of Human Life On Earth Is Similar To A Climb Mount Everest Festival
Text version of 911 because in certain situations, it could be VERY dangerous to makes even smallest noise
If we were forced to experience the emotions of anyone we talk with...
Take a Tesla Model S P100D, cut the roof off, remove the seats, carpet, dashboard, door cards, all 4 doors, and all the glass, put fat slicks on all 4 tires and see how fast she scoots down the 1/4 mile
Upset with US wall street bailouts? Mad about misuse of taxpayer funds? Don't like not having a say as a taxpayer? Start a movement where citizens use "jury nullification" to allow their peers to get away with not paying taxes. If a majority of citizens go along, the IRS becomes irrelevant.
John Wick is an alternate version of the matrix where Neo took the blue pill.
Cum Incense
How about you guys? What did you do with your Xmas tree? Please share idea
Cannabis Meat
Ration Roulette. Instead of a bullet you don't eat for the day. Food rationing.
A new dating app feature that lets you link your Fitbit (or other fitness device) account to your profile
Make a subreddit where we post people's phone numbers and addresses for either mailing/texting cute pictures of animals or sending creepy messages for those we dont like.
Fake head on top of your real head so if someone snipes your head you be just fine.
Strapon Dildo Tazer
Secretly replace one stair on a staircase with trampoline material
Teach Kangaroos to promote their own boxing matches
Create a new political party where your platform is everything negative or against the campaign platform that the current administration has done. Present this to the party constituents of the sitting President. See if they agree or disagree with the platform.
Reboot Golden Girls with Betty White the matriarch of the family.
A spider man game but with Tony Hawk's Pro Skater style combo goals, achieved by swinging around in style (with some parkour too). Online multiplayer included too
A floor made by compressing tons of eggshells together
Joe Biden should use the slogan "Make American Great Again" and remind people how great things were in 2012 and sell blue hats instead of red.
Dunkin' Donuts should be the name of a basketball team.Since libraries loan out CDs and DVDs, what if they loaned them out through the mail?
At your funeral it is mandated they play a slideshow of your laptop's jpgs and gifs at the funeral
There only being 1 reason not to joke about something, cuz you don't expect laughs.
A game for antimaskers that you sign into Facebook, it uses probabilities and randomly chooses people based on the death rate of corona. It tells them the names of their friends that died from infection.
If you can prove you voted you get exempted from political ads
Play multiplayer game from home with a friend at his house and have another friend push him while you push him in vr
Take down all Trump flags in the middle of the night and replace them with American Flags.
Considering another perspective...
Make "third" coins for when a bill has to be split three ways.
Bill Gates should be part of a scandal so it'd be called Gatesgate.
When running for office, stream your whole life and career so people know you’re honest
All government employees must wear hats that say "obey"
Technically speaking, you could deepthroat a headless person.
A youtube video that reviews different styles of skirt, dress, etc., and rates them according to how easy it is to do a roundhouse kick while wearing them.
Corona app that turns itself off (+bluetooth and location) when it recognizes the home wifi.
Sell bananas in packs with each banana varying in its degree of ripeness so you don't have to eat them all on the same day.
Space Heating Computers
Pay 32 of your friends to arrange a 5-round elimination tournament where two friends fight each other to get the death. Winner gets to be your best friend for life.
The last day of january is the 0th day of february
Rocket Launched Rockets, for fast rockets
A starter kit for new strippers
Every country that joins EU must pay a symbolic admission fee of a specially mint 1€ coin. If they exit, that coin gets ceremonially destroyed.
Into the Spiderverse should make an installment like “Who Framed Roger Rabbit” where animated Spidermen interacted with live action Spidermen.
Editing your comment resets your karma for that comment.
Replace Supreme court rulings by a direct democratic referendum/vote
Are social media posts simply questions we should be asking Google for?
An app that you input your work schedule into, and based on the time and your location, will let your boss know when you’re running late (if the occasion arises)
Rebrand earwigs to be cool insects on par with ants or bees
Retrofit existing gas stations to battery swapping stations. Standardize electric vehicle battery sizes and have them readily available at swapping points. Make them easy to be exchanged but hard enough that a certified attendant has to swap them out. To preserve and utilize exsisting infrastructure
Create a radio station inside your house with a powerful antenna. Use it to override every commercial bandwidth in your area and broadcast “Never Gonna Give You Up”. Bury the evidence.
Body count confirmation on tinder.
Wendy’s spicy chicken sandwich with a McDonald’s McDouble combined into one big sandwich...
Fidet,, a bidet for dogs
A retired Sith Lord becomes a conman &amp; attorney, and eventually a criminal for hire. Title: "Better Call Maul".
Person based login to the internet with the possibility of being "fired". As in "the internet doesn't want you anymore".
Multi-tiered moving walkwaysCRISPR or other genetic modifying tools to end flu variant pandemics
Raising a baby with made up language and see if they can fluent in that language or not
Headline shouldn’t be shown if the article is behind a paywall
A 2nd person perspective horror game
Virus killing virus?
World Series of Soccer
Write a book including all the ideas from this subreddit and then write a personal message to the mods and offer them a commission to pin your book to the top of the sub
A porn video where a woman orders a pizza, pays with money. Then She has a plumber come, fix her faucet, get paid with money, then leaves. After many such psych-outs, she finally goes to bed and has sex with her loving husband.
Make a web browser that's only used to look up porn, it can't find any other links and only collects data about your taste in porn to aid you in finding more porn. Call it "Sexplorer"
There should be a service that collects unused diapers from parents after their kids get potty trained and give them to parents who are having a hard time financially.
Bullet hell game with mouse controls
A successor to pimp my ride called unfuck my life.
Cocaine as a local numbing agent.
An award show, called "The Sturdys" for films and music that came out 10 years ago.
Two presidents: Let Trump and Biden both run the country. They have to work together
The Corona Virus NCOV Is Harmless If You Body Is Clean Healthy But Dangerous If Your Body Is Dirty Toxic
News websites should be banned from paywalling any news related to a national emergency
Start a write in campaign to elect Dr. Fauci president of the United States.
Trumps loves the idea of a wall. US buys everything from China. If we put two and two together may be US should buy the Great Wall of China as well.
Broadcast television is limited to 12 minutes of advertising per hour. How about a similar rule for internet?
Write ransom notes with letters cut out of real money.
Make presidents swear an oath to their penis/boobs, if they break their oath they have them surgically removed
A navigation app that displays routes based on how comfortable you are with illegal driving. Level 1 - just like Google Maps (safe but slow), Level 2 - some illegal turns, run red lights, use bus lanes, Level 3 - drive over sidewalks and through public parks, wrong way down one-way streets etc
All the anti-maskers, those who called covid a hoax, those who couldn't handle being away from bars/restaurants, Those who couldn't stay away from large gatherings(protests count) ALL belong on a list. For everyone to see. The rest of us deserve to know where the human garbage is.We so to avoid them
An online course taught by Samuel L Jackson, Jared Keeso and Brian Blessed on how to put someone in their place verbally with effectively used profanity.
It would be cool if we could share audible books with other people for a smaller fee.
Ask Trump to explain something from his childhood. If he can articulate clearly that’s a sign he has dementia
If a turbine produces energy from a rotating rotor, can we use that energy to spin the rotor itself.
Shift the education budget to a program that gives every human on earth 1 french fry per IQ point at noon everyday
Is the Trump presidency a performance art piece being executed by Shia LeBouf?
"super marriages" where you and your spouse are so connected and in love that when the first partner dies the other has to get euthanized
A computer that doesn’t have a boot-up process. You press the power button and then BAM you are instantly right there at your desktop.
Castle Law should only apply to actual castles
A rapper lawyer that does his cases in freestyle
Tinder, but for insults
A movie where spider man and shaggy from Scooby-Doo have to fight over Mary Jane.
An acoustic guitar with a storage container inside, so that you can go travel with just your guitar on your back. Want to play music? Just open up the back of the guitar and remove the case, which is shaped like its interior.
Simulated Fishing IRL
If you purchase an app from an in app ad, the ad should be skipped.
All subreddits should hold elections for the role of moderators
Have the 68 teams selected for the NCAA tourney assemble the best NBA2K players from their schools and play the tournament.
Use pheromones on an ant colony to start a revolution and overthrow their government. Establish your presence in the ant community, and then declare war on your neighbors.
Make money
Normalizing a new invention to be the penis’s equivalent of a bra.
A Paper Mega Man game.
A webshow like the office but it follows a local theater around
A "Facebook Enemies" feature, for psycho-exes who keep sending 'friend' requests.
Enable muting mics at debates.
$1 scratcher tickets now cost $0.99 so we always have a penny to scratch the thing.
get200$free for amazon
What if the reason the internet loves sexualizing women so much is because most women are bi/lesbian and that's why ?
Make a subreddit called either 'crazyideas', 'illegallifeprotips', or 'lifeprotips' so that you can steal all of other people's ideas to use for yourself.
Use wind power to pump water out of the mediterranean to irrigate the Sahara and help global warming by sequestering carbon through plant growth.
If you could go back in time and see anything (event, place, structure, animal) what would it be?
Maybe the Coronavirus will make people realize that college is not worth it anymore, and more people will now join trade jobs and start their own businesses out of high school.
A restaurant that stinks, but the food taste amazing, called the dutch oven.
The final U.S. presidential debate should be held at the MGMGrand in Vegas and instead of podiums two of them should just hold a microphone. Have an epic walking entrance like WWE for both of them with their own song and it be announced by Michael Buffer, “LETS GET READY TO RUMBLE!!!”.
No More Employess
Blocking subs from popping up in recommended or in popular
A browser that politely accepts cookies but then deletes them the second you leave the web page.
As nipple prints are also unique, somebody should commit a crime and leave nipple prints everywhere.
Sunglasses, but instead of resting on your nose and ears they just clip on to your eyebrows.
OnlyHaters, where people subscribe to your profile in order to roast you.
Twitter should allow Trump to tweet again.
Since we can test for COVID-19 antibodies, would it be a good idea for people with antibodies who have recovered to work in nursing homes so that they can shield old folks from the virus?
Microwaves should have a ‘night mode’ setting where it doesn’t beep
Zeus Vs Odin movie
Let George Lucas have a crack at fixing the sequel trilogy à la the Justice League Zach Snyder Cut.
Police sketches should be deliberately horrible
We should start making it more honourable to fight in mid-evil combat rather than with guns to settle those kinds of fights.
If all mammals make milk, then we should have exotic cheeses made of milk like cheetahs.
Trump should build his own Jonestown somewhere in the world and move all of his radical followers there so they can enjoy all the kool-aid they want.
For April Fools, Google should make their translator say the complete opposite to what the person types in
We should start rickrolling a lot more so that the video can hit a billion views
Please stop remaking movies
A restaurant/event space set up for nightly food fights.
Get really drunk and start a secret cult whose sole purpose is to infiltrate space agencies and disassemble their microbe decontamination policies so that way may start new life on other planets.
A show where a demon grants wishes and tries his hardest to leave a satisfied customer, but every customer has shitty, poorly thought out wishes.
Legalize all drugs
GyfCat should have a bot to that auto-uploads all V.reddit files to their servers.
A German bakery called Gluten Morgen
Rebrand 1/2 n' 1/2 (cream for coffee) as 1/2 squared
Elaborate doppelganger underage drinking scheme
There should be a sub called "2021checkin" where we all compare what we're going through now compared to this time last year.
Make wetting yourself socially acceptable again. If you feel like pissing your pants, piss your pants Who cares? On the bus, at your desk...Freedom!
We need more tunnels! I'm talkin' walkin', eskate, bicycle, regular skate, wheelies, you name it. We need tunnels to keep us out the rain/snow/tornado. We need tunnels to keep us safe (can line them with video cameras and have a neural net observe safety levels). But also, mole people will trend.
politicians cant own anything
Cops should get payed for anonymously reporting and bringing in cops abusing their power or showing misconduct instead of getting payed for making arrests
make politicians lying punishable with death, while making reporting lying politicians punishable by death.
Launderette cinemas. Watch a movie while you get your clothes washed.
Employees giving performance reviews of their managers.
How inconvenient as a species are we (just saying).
A youtube channel called heavy lifting
A Google Play/iTunes gift card to troll scammers
Algorithmically gerrymander districts to maximize competition
A new democratic political system where electors vote for the idea not the person
Does anyone remember that one scene in Seinfeld where Kramer installed a disposal in his shower?
Pretending you are deaf in public to avoid the transmission of spittle from speaking may be an adequate form of social distancing in response to Covid-19.
There should be a subreddit for when your comment gets down voted, but you don't know why, so people will explain it.
Make a reality tv show about a family being quarantined and the drama of their day to day lives
If the economy collapses...Let's dress in 'Steampunk' so we look Wealthy &amp; homeless at the same time
a vending machine that dispenses smaller vending machines onto the back of your truck
Calling a loud sound lound instead of loud sound.
Inflatable ornaments to save space.
making karens order food without masks then the Fbi confronts them at the door
Biden should make a campaign ad doing 600 salutes, followed by chugging a glass of water, and walking confidently down a ramp in leather soled shoes.
10 years challenge when we all try to accomplish incredible things during 2020 to 2030 !
Anime chess. Where the number of turns it takes to make a move depends on how awesome it is.
A tv show that starts off as a normal sitcom about a family but halfway through the series two of the children die in an accident and the series then becomes a psychological horror where the rest of the family deals with grief
Brexit's Got Talent - In a dystopian Britain set 3 years after finally leaving the EU with no deal; people who think they have a talent must compete against each other for the chance to win a loaf of bread.
Cover yourself in pineapple rinds and tell everyone you're an armadillo.
What if we made a show about a male rape victim?
An executive branch of the government that is the top three candidates that are voted for. They live their lives together, get all the same information and have to get a majority of 2 votes to do/sign anything
A Mario game where the main antagonist is the first Goomba you squish in Super Mario Bros
While riot police are standing in line toward protesters, they should all suddenly break into a synchronized dance with some catchy music over the loud speakers instead of threatening robot voices.
Introduce cheekie, cheekie greetings to replace handshakes for health and safety as well as being more fun.
Porn with ONLY sex toys. Just a dildo and a fleshlight going at it.
Create an ‘anti-conspiracy theory’ conspiracy theory
Racism isn't cute anymore
Someone sponsoring the top Flat Earth advocates for a flight to see the curvature of the earth for themselves. And documenting it
Reddit should ban non-.edu domains for 1 month to protest the post-truth age of disinformation.
Large-capacity Post-It® note dispensers should be put next to elevators to avoid infections from elevator buttons.
Make a movie on Elon Musk!
dont tell any nosy people about your medical history and sue them if they try to limit your travel or ability to go to work based on medical discrimination
If companies break the law, we send them to jail
Read a book you've never read before, one page at a time, in random order.
Having the ability to mark off life achievements for advertisers.
Make a category of porn for ones where explicit consent is asked for, and received, onscreen so we can encourage responsibility in the bedroom.
A permanent tattoo that looks like a temporary tattoo.
Weighted Snuggies should be a thing.
Collect your kids baby teeth as they fall out. When you have all of them, put them in order in wet clay to recreate your child's mouth. Show it to your kids girlfriend or boyfriend if you don't like them. That should get them to think twice.
We could shoot fleeing criminals with CRISPr genetic modifying bullets so they glow for a few months
Turn voting day into voting week so that people have more chances to vote if they miss it, and to get more people to vote.
Play Fantasy games
Have Undercover Cops Underneath The Characters At Chuck E. Cheese.
Allow changing usernames on Reddit for a price that increases with the number of instances.
Stores that deliver should have a "deliver as soon as available" when they run out of an item
Force Trump to say the pledge of allegiance by himself.
Top of all time posts should go by the ratio of upvotes to subscribed users at the time a post was posted
Add a robotic arm to dead people so they can wave good bye at the funereal.
"Point out people not wearing masks/wearing them wrong" youtube trend
An app that uses a dialup connection to convert unlimited voice into unlimited data.
25-year-old shares testimony of heaven and hell
Smoked hot chocolate
Healthcare should be part of national defense spending.
we should give testosterone blockers and or small dosses of estrogen to inmates who commit violent crimes in the prison to pacify them.
Put J.K. Rowling in charge of deciding which historical figures were gay and/or black
Call anti-mask crazies Anti-Maxxers
A subreddit that teaches people to post in other subreddits.
Look at how much money each state makes as soon as they legalize marijuana... We should legalize it in every state and a percentage of the sales could go towards our astounding debt
Flavoured rain cloud crystals that are dropped in clouds by plains and so when it rains you can drink blueberry rain but wearing special mushroom boots that have souls so soft and spongy that you feel like a human version of the blueberry rain cloud that is raging down on you.
Go to the airport with nothing but a bag of 500k in cash, and ask for a one way ticket out of the country.
We should have Elon musk run for the president.
Reddit's servers should be based off the black web, but somehow available on the normal web, so everything is truly anonymous.
Instead of awards, Reddit should just allow you to link your PayPal account to your Reddit account and allow you to send the other Redditor the money you would have used on the reward
An "I am single and ready to mingle" app where women (and not only) activate it and with using GPS it lets others see which bar of the city has the most "ready to mingle" people.
Create a separate social network for anti vaxxers filled with alternate facts supporting their ideology and charge them cheap $ for providing them safe space and freedom.
A subreddit with the best products of each category
Lets have a new election.
VR dungeon building game were you can make things base on your knowledge. Like, if you know how to make a ballista or molotov cocktail you can do it
A device you can attach to your shorts when you go running that can ignite your farts for a quick boost of speed. It could be called "The Afterburner."
Bill Cosby and Harvey Weinstein should be cellies and create a podcast about it.
strange logical phenomena
Safe glittery lube that sprinkles on like fairy dust.
Get a boat coming in good speed with a lot of cushions on it's front and hit the damn boat blocking suez canal, after this, tow both ships and repair them somewhere else
I think its ok
A group of people that listens to a song prior to it's release and tells the artist which parts nobody will be able to understand.
Votes should be apportioned based on tax receipts. If a region contributes more tax funding, they have a larger say in how budgets are spent. Regions would be encouraged to enforce tax collection and to grow their economies. Not to be used on small scales.
Instead of wasting the time to prevent texting and driving, we should take measures to teach drivers how to properly text while driving
Demand to speak to a stores manager, when you meet the manager ask for a hug. If the manager gives you one, write review praising the business.
Something like spot the ball, but it's pictures of people decapitated in car crashes and you have to say where you think the head is.
An app that scans a photo of your fridge and cupboard, and finds a recipe on the Internet that only uses those ingredients
A porno called The Nutting Professor
An alternate universe work where after realizing he can't kill him, Voldemort takes Harry in as his own and raises him to be loyal to the death eaters.
Whenever someone on reddit makes a prediction for the future, the comment should be pinned to the top of their comments &amp; impossible to remove.
A group of homosexual guys should create a Civil Rights Organization called 'Proud Boys'
Everybody tells the truth when asked "how are you?" Only ask if you're willing to listen. If you're responding to the question, be succinct unless asked further questions.
Military should distribute MREs once areas are put into quarantine.
Make left hand turns illegal
Start a dating show where incels and femaledatingstrategists are made to date each otherAI Drones that film all police encounters. When they see excessive force they start pelting cops with tiny dildo's to remind the cops how small their own dicks are, and remind them beating up a black person won't make their dick any bigger.
The story of God the father, the son and the Holy Spirit in the style of Mr.Robot with Neil Gaiman to infuse some of that 'Good Omens' vibe.
Corona Virus App... A phone app that provides a heat map based on its users. The users would self declare as either healthy or not. The heat map would indicate if anyone with the virus has been in the area in the past 24hrs or maybe relative safety of a zone.
A "business" operating around informal prison economies.
Instead of saying “cheese!” when we take pictures say “pizza!”
BRING BACK PONTIAC
Video posts on the Reddit iOS app should open like a normal Reddit discussion, not a full screen video player
How to Lose Weight Fast
Procreate for android
Instead of Twitch streamers just ignoring or taking down Youtube channels who steal their clips, they should make their own clip channels and hire those people to post videos on there. Then the 'editors' get a percentage of the profit from the videos and can help their favorite creators grow.
Americans should stop remaking British shows and just air the originals.
A cheesestring that is instead made of meat that strips off, called a hamstring
Patch into Best Buys walkie-talkie frequency and tell security you'll be walking out expensive items.
A service where someone lays in your bed for hours before you sleep so it's already nice and warm for you
Rods from god with large internal gas tanks for more destruction.
An automated carwash at grocery stores that also allows you to track your car while shopping via app.
Verdict reveal parties.
My plan to save the US economy (and people too)
An option in reddit so that whenever you mention a subreddit without writing anything else it automatically posts on that subreddit
A zoo where you can fight any animal gladiator style in order to eat it if you win.
We're in a zombie movie, so let's pick.
Best before smell scratch and sniff labels instead of a best before date.
Psychically connect everyone in the world
With everyone staying home there is little need for streetlights. We should recreate the 2003 Northeast blackout and show people the night sky.
Slowrun
Reddit should give incentives for people to make outlandish statements that garner a ridiculous amount of down votes. A stir the pot award if you would.
Here’s a crazy idea I’m gonna kill myself ahahahahahsms!!?(
Bacterial Popes
STUPID INC.
Be Ready to Face Challenges
An option that allows you to play in aleatory ALL the songs in spotify
Operation Northwoods
Make mountains illegal. All mountains must be flattened by midnight on 31st December (mountain time) or those responsible will be thrown to the (mountain) lions.
Part of Canada's economic rebuilding strategy should be to build secure, open source technology to run a government.
The Savior Is Offering Life Immortal &amp; Super Abilities Guide For All Beings In Exchange For A Certain Volunteer Donation Till 16-06-2020
Floating bed using Magnets?
To combat sexually-transmitted disease epidemics, governments should give tax breaks to porn companies that include condoms in their videos.
Put all houses underground.
Anything webpages do that takes more than 0.1 seconds, just dont do it. cancel that. everything happens in 0.1 seconds or less. If it takes longer, its just not worth it. load that in the background if you must.
I always wanted to patent a sweater with four sleeves so that pretentious people can wear it and still tie two sleeves around their neck
To celebrate a countries birthday a giant hole should be dug in the center of the country (say 1 km diameter and as deep as possible) and every year everyone has to buy the country a present and throw it in the hole.
Google and Apple maps with a weather radar filter option
Freeways with speed catapults. Just like her fighters, but for cars. Come in at 40mph, you pay your toll and wait for engagement. You hear a little click and next thing you know you're going 300mph.
Have you ever had a bot take your upvotes that should have been taken by me? I have, a few times. I found a simple solution.
if someone ever checks out a physical book at a library (it could happen) they just print another one and put it right back on the shelf
Let's assign stats to pieces of trash so we can use them to play a Magic the Gathering type game, thus making garbage collectible. Nuclear waste would be considered the most coveted.
MLG irl trick shot competitions. People bungee jump while holding a rifle in an attempt to shoot a disc whilst in the air. They are fraded like divers (how they turn, the number of times they do and how they land) . Also, anybody unable to land a shot is instantly disqualified.
Add a feature in smartphones so it automatically change text shorthand into its original text.
Someone should deep fake Andrew Scott into the old Jeremy Brett Sherlock Holmes series.
Give people another way to raise capital besides loans - issuing their own stock. People who would issue their own stock would get money for it and be able to buy it back, but shareholders would be able to vote on some of their life decisions (e.g. mortgages) and could expect dividends.
Change the spelling of words to how they actually sound.
Speeding tickets should be slight tax increases instead of straight up fines so it hurts the same for everyone regardless of wealth.
A mockumentary comedy made by a powerful deity where he plays every actor at the same time simply because he's bored
An episode of Brooklyn 99 with John Mulaney as a person who got robbed and is kinda ok with it.
Major Politicians should be rigorously tested to the same standards as the RCMP to even be able to run for office, and have to retake the test once a year throughout there time in office.
How fast &amp; furious could go to space &amp; make sense.
Militaries doing a ‘soldier exchange program’ like you might see in high school or college. Builds camaraderie and trust between nations as well as fosters learning.
The best social app
A subreddit for witty nicknames for Trump
Wear teeth and gum shields every day so you only have to clean them and mouthwash instead of brushing and flossing.
Seize supplies purchased in bulk that have been listed to sell above normal market prices. Then given away for FREE to people in the community .
Buy up everyone’s debt for pennies on the dollar, then let them pay it off at twice the price that you bought it at. Sustainable business model while providing actual debt relief.
Too late now, but sell “seats” to the superbowl, but instead of you sitting there they put a cardboard cutout of you.
What if we can reverse the concept of insurance? You don't pay monthly premiums. When something bad happens - auto accident, fall sick etc - you are given a loan (guaranteed by a government agency) to fix the issue and then you start repaying the loan.
Mug people with a jar of orangutan urine; heavily emphasize that it's dangerous, without explaining why orangutan urine is dangerous
Will Ferrel should spoof Tiger King
Posable action figures based off the cast of Netflix's "Tiger King"
Urinals that are across from each other so you can have a conversation while you piss
A way to put your duvet cover back on that doesn’t make you feel like you just did an hour of cardio
Every capital of every country, state, province etc. has a mandatory star emoji (said as "star") at the end of their names.
Exchangeable Reddit awards with varying coin value over time, just like a stock market!
Stop making children famous.
Every company phone line should have the option for silence rather than horribly annoying and loud music or random pre-recorded product advertising.
If you get pulled over for texting and driving your phone gets confiscated.
Hit Santa Claus with a GDPR complaint for keeping the personal data of all the world's children without consent
The punishment for violating stay at home orders should be signing a DNR
A Social Experiment on Human Curiosity
Crazy Idea, create competition show like Ink Master and Forged in Fire but make it a competition between bands. Each week, each band will have to create a song under each different task that is given to them (base your lyrics off a certain time of day, make a song without any repeatable words, etc.)
A subreddit where anyone can experience making a top post
If H Clinton won then a large number of women would be on the same cycle as her
A "Platonic Relationship" Barbie and Ken, but nothing is different because both of them are cool with it.
The politics we want
Easy $$ from Tamodo Network - Get paid, today
Gamer stock market
Plan another controlled actor filled “attack” on the US Capitol, but this time have every inch of the safety rooms etc rigged with mics and cameras. So the world can see a Truman Show/Hunger Games version of how quick rogue senators/congressmen turn on their colleagues when given the chance.
A United States Olympics
A Netflix for indecisive people. Where the user is given only 4 choices.
Barnes and Noble meets IKEA
Appoint Margorie Taylor Green to a special committee to find evidence of Q anon.
An edit on Reddit should be called an EDDIT.
A TV with mechanical LCDs that rise and fall to give the illusion of physical depth.
Philanthropists should start a "cult" that espouses a positive message using the same effective recruiting techniques to take away "market share" from the really bad cults
Heyyy, testing1
Cover wind turbines with solar panels and collect wind and solar power at the same time
Get all the artists who made songs that became memes (Rick Astley, Smash Mouth) and have them perform at the next Super Bowl.
People who catch COVID-19 while working an essential job, and die of it, should posthumously receive a medal similar to a Purple Heart.
Hdbb
All Reddit Users should come together and create an official "Constitution" for moderators.
Dell VS HP i3 PROCESSOR FOR STUDENT USE
What if smog and co2 breathing aliens planted life on earth so we could terraform it for them. They’ve been visiting more frequently because they’re pleased with our progress
In Minecraft, you should be able to craft a television. It would be the opposite of a bed; you sit down to watch TV and day becomes night.
Fartbit Activity Tracker
Find and replace "miracle" with "statistical anomaly" across the entire Internet.
sidewalks need fast lanes and slow lanes
I mean...
Merge police and firefighters into one organization. Everyone on the force does both. The people who sign up will be more likely to be of the “protect and serve” mindset than the “Respect my authoritai” and “I wanna shoot someone” mindsets
Disney should make a TV series following the adventures of Gaston after Beauty and the Beast
Presidential Tournament
We all get TikTok and then use it to hate on TikTok
Issuing female underwear to women recruits. I think the Swiss Army may just be on to something with that one.
Present a simple bill to require all members of Congress and their staffs to use only Medicare
Eliminate current "country" borders
Being able to categorise Saved posts
have a optional check box for students in sex ed, if they choose they get tested for stds, then if they pass they will get another student to grade how well they did and vice versa.
Make nobody run in every election. If turnout isn’t over 50% then nobody wins and the seat stays empty.
The three day work week
HP envy 13 Laptop
People work toward a greater unity to become more isolatedRight to be shot off into space out of a cannon during one's funeral
We should make an animated series called Farley Tales and it should follow a young Chris Farley on an epic adventure down by the river. Voiced by the cast of SNL 1993 and animated by Mike Judge.
Self help quotes push me to be bad
Gen Z and Millennials form an alliance, and be the first two cohorts to get along well
Instead of 'learning disability', try saying, 'nontypical assimilation process'.
Perform a perfect cover of "I'm not OK" by My Chemical Romance but change the words to "I am so gay"
Name you child "Nominative determinism" in order to create a paradox
Organize nudists to host anti-clothes protests in areas with high anti-mask populous for their right to be naked in public and private businesses. Wearing nothing but masks.
Need legal help? Talk to a lawyer in the next 2 hours for $39
A Batman villain called "The Punisher" who telegraphs all of his crimes using puns.
Make an approximate historical timeline of WW2 with scenes from various WW2 films and make it one long movie.
Take the people, friends, and family in your lives, on a Virtual Road Trip! Visit those places they haven't been to in years! Share a past experience with them and open doors!
A device that latches to the arms or back of a chair and holds your head up so that your neck muscles don't have to do any work
girls shoul measure and compare the depth of thier coochies so that a 'perfect fit' can be achieved.
My Political Truth
Carbonated piss.
Print out the entirety of Wikipedia.
Start a program where people collect their flatulence in bags, and trade it each day for a small payment. Collect all the gas and use it to power rockets
What if, on elevators we put the buttons on the bottom so we could kick them?? Quarantine ideas
Get dressed as a Pac-Man ghost and go to a supermarket. People have to keep the 2 meter distance so now you can play a real life version of Pac-Man.
USA needs to invest into creating a voting blockchain. This is the age of technology. Use it.
Covid19 disproportionately kills elderly males. If Bernie, Biden, Trump and Pence all pass away in the next 2 months, we could get Warren as president.
Two bands of two completely different Genres should both be given an album name and song titles and then finish it and see how different it is
A way to solve illegal immigration.
Mashed Potatoes Made With Nokia 3310
For April Fools, completely hide karma, total karma on profiles, and the upvote/downvote buttons to see how content changes as a result.
Make a TV remote that has a button next to the mute button that lowers volume by 50%
Redinstater, the perfect mix of Reddit, Instagram and Twitter, will only be the best of the three that social networks have.
Add pennies to drinking water to improve the flavor.
Intentionally misleading or providing false information to the public should result in the immediate dismissal and imprisonment of a public official.
April Fools - give everyone Gold with all the benefits. Just to see how crazy the month would get!
We should pay kids minimum wage to attend school.
Take the animation behind old Pixar films and re render them with modern technology and a major visual overhaul.
If you want to see who owns a news source, just ask a reporter if the Republic of China is a sovereign state. Their answer will tell you who their investors are.
Give all federal land back to the natives.
A free institute funded by health care halfway between a psych ward and retirement homes for people with mental issues to be taken care of and be part of a community without the struggles of adulting.
a prison with nonstop Rick Roll
An option to nuke the last 24 hours of your social media interactions for when you got drunk and posted dumb stuff.
Modular Phones Revised
Forehead thermometer that fires a single bullet if fever is too high, and if bullet fired, plays 8-bit Galaga Theme
A hands free male masturbation device for the car to make my commute to work safer.
Crocsfit
Offer $83m/month competition for fixing world problems
Remake face/off and cast the Olsen twins
Tear down the pyramids, as they glorify a civilisation that kept slaves
Create a video game , where the end goal is what is this video game
Replacing the SAT/ACT with academic class rank in high school
Demilitarize local police departments so they more closely resemble the communities which they serve, and not S.W.A.T. or the gestapo.
A high fantasy series taking place in a typical fantasy world, but with its focus on a normal, and rather boring set of characters, living their everyday lives.
A breathalyzer, but for coffee, that tells you how much of your blood is caffeine in Parts Per Million.
mormons gonna make it
Someone convince Elon Musk to capture a comet so that we can get player 2 into the game before the 2020 election
I wonder if there is a correlation between those infected with Corona Virus, and the amount of subs to r/coronvirus. Currently 145,929 vs. 1,000,000
A program that tells you the last time you played a game
If a person stops responding to you on Tinder, after three days file a missing persons report
Start rumors in China that Milk from Rare and Endangered mammals is 1000 times more potent than the ground teeth and toenails from the same Rare and Endangered mammals.
All law enforcement nationwide should be required to wear body cameras. turning one off should be grounds for immediate firing, no questions asked
Everytime someone picks their nose while looking at their phone, the front camera records them and makes a compilation video which automatically posts to FB.
Organize a zoom conference call with 20 talkative parrots and cockatoos
A website to randomly suggest compilations of any sort.
Cancel the presidential debates and have the VP candidates debate instead.
Y'all should treasure us short boys
The SAT and similar exams begin to allow technology on tests, but shorten the time given by 5-10 minutes.
Bring back Chatroulette!
A decent idea for a pizza right now would be the “blue lives matter special”: double pork products on red sauce, covered up in something cheesy, topped with freshly cracked pepper. It could be delivered in unmarked vans by people not wearing body cams...
Car wheels should have wheels so the wheels work even better
Make a sequel to Space Jam that takes place entirely on Michael Jordan's head. Call it Face Jam.
We should start creating independent hiveminds as the next step of human evolution
The Future of Practical Effects
Ok here me out. I was eating a crab cake and randomly thought “this is a good crabby patty” so what if Crabby patties in spongebob are made of crab. It kinda makes sense
A mix of GiveALittle and OnlyFans where desperate lonely people post a selfie and share their ‘woe-is-me’ sob story and people donate money and that money is distributed evenly amongst girls who choose to share nudes with the losers so the girls get paid and the losers stop whining. Win/win?
I'm just fucking done.i hate being bi polar your depressed episodes everyone is perking your interest everyday see what life has to offer keep going.dont give in then a spark an idea I am going to move to a new state start new .no no your just manic hear your downerme like how the fuck do I know if
Someone should start a demolition company where the public pays to come destroy condemned properties, instead of having people riot and looting real ones.
I think people who vote should have to take an IQ test before they do.
Youtube should use the audio recognize algorithm to look for the 'without further ado' sentence and put a marker there.
Forest GravesMake virus DNA copyrighted so Disney will fight prevent illegal copies
A social media platform designed to share collage lectures for people who missed
Let's actually let people know about Cannon Hinnant's death.
Since bras are categorized by cup size, mugs should be categorized by boob size.
Rename groceries to yummyries.
Alcoholic boba
You can't vote in Congress if you can't connect to the Wi-Fi.
Historically correct films with wrong casts, none of them breaks character.
Breed gorillas to be over thirty feet tall and arm them with giant jelly dildos then have them work as private security.
Cases of soda with half regular and half diet
sex offenders fart pipes in their homes.
A reputable and trustworthy newspaper with completely anonymous journalists so that if a journalist reveals something they shouldn't there's less risk of attempts to silence them.
A non-profit small town insurance pool
The Washington Redskins should change their logo/mascot to a regular white guy and call themselves the Breadskins.Like Twitter, Reddit needs to show what kind of device people post on, so we can kill this r/foundthemobileuser stuff. If everyone knew how many people actually use mobile, it would be more accepted
Chocolate cups with a gummy worm curled up inside
When a film earns enough money, it's becomes free to steam!
They should make double sided forks.
3 Perspa Single Film
After a heartbreak, there should be an app that automates removing your ex from your digital life; It could offer varying degrees of pettiness, depending on your level of heartbreak.
Gloves with rough fingertips (on the inside) that slowly grind your fingernails when you wear them, so you never have to trim your fingernails
Electronic devices should default to "Dark" themes.
A poultry-based fast food chain called Suck-a-Cock Lick-a-Chick
The entire LGBTQ+ community gathers to rob Ronald Reagan's grave.
Uber and Lyft drivers need panic buttons with a direct link to 911, like ONSTAR or something
Government loans drones to restaurants for low contact food delivery.
Snapchat should crawl social media for screenshots of snaps, use OCR to recognize the message, and then delete the account of the receiver automatically
Got an MLM hun that wont leave you and your friends alone? Give their cell number to scam callers and watch as the two engage in an endless loop of scripted scamming.
Every America gets a m1 Abraham to protect themselves from Iranina invasion
US-based courier services could be heros of democracy if they stepped up and offered to help the USPS deliver voter cards for the election.
Why dont we cocoon the vulnerable in society? The rest of us can deal with the mild symptoms of covid 19. Rather than shut everything down and fuck up our economies?
Hire two private investigators, and ask them to investigate each other
If you're a boss and working from home and your employees aren't. Bite your tongue. Stop calling your stores.
Cap the voting age 75?
If you must leave your house, take a yard stick with you to remind yourself and others to practice good social distancing.
They should make a strappon for men with micropenisses. So basically we would have a basic strappon so that your partner can still enjoy the sex, but the men will also experience pleasure since we will add a fleshlight on the men's side of the strappon.
Get a celebrity who supports the protests to buy gas masks and respirators for protestors. Especially since police don’t seem to care whether or not it’s peaceful, they just start pepper spraying and tear gassing.
Jewellery with meaningAll money raised by BLM and the death of George Floyd must first be used to fund the repair of damage and theft from the riots
Let’s use this economic disruption to introduce the three day weekend when we restart the economy.
bank card that contains a bomb. someone steals your wallet. They explode.
DOES ANYONE DO ANY VOICE OVERS NEED ONE DONE SOMETIME TODAY :)
Saving the Movie Theater Industry
Instead of suicide, people who want to kill themselves donate their live bodies to science and experimental treatments
A YouTube-like website but for creating and uploading fancams
cats mastering mazes by nature
Netflux invents some new sports and streams them live.
A show called Dunder and Mifflin that is a prequel to The Office.
A country that only allows people with a job to live inside it.
Comment something outrageously negative, wait for negative replies, then change your comment to something that's very innocent and positive
A "none of the above" option election ballots. If that option gets a plurality/majority of the votes the office just goes unfilled for a term.
Semen marmalade roulette: a game where you buy 10 jars of marmalade, jerk off into one, then jumble the jars up so you don't know if you're using the semen one for your morning toast and cry.
award yourself 3 beers on every post 🍺3
High-Street Idea
Allow state governments to decide which candidates will be on the presidential ballot for that state
A personal assistant device that only provides wisdom, knowledge and facts as they existed in 1950 called "Boomer." Activate with "Okay, Boomer . . ."
Biometrics that do not work when you’re drunk
Messenger apps should have a feature which can hide all forwarded messages
Put ouija boards in polling stations so that dead people can vote.
All women to post nude photos or be out in public nude at once as a movement to erase the stigma and make over-sexualization, body shaming, unrealistic body image, objectifying women non-existent.... or cause downright chaos.
How To Make A Hacking Laptop...?
A website where amateur writers who think they've came up with a bad idea can send it to a professional author who will try to make it work. The idea is only considered truly awful if the professional can't make it work.
Gather up everyone from a part of the world like India and then sort everyone into groups based on how identical they look.
Important life decisions, such as names, circumcision, etc... should be delayed until such time as the person can make the decision themselves.
Wanda and dead Vision gave me a cool metal band/album/song name!
Cologone/perfume made with the same formula used in build-a-bear strawberry-scented stuffed animals.
The only way to keep this sub filled with unpopular opinions is to implement a rule where any post that gets more than 1k upvotes it gets deleted.
We should get the Foo Fighters to sing My Hero for all the health care workers fighting the virus
hang drum death metal
Don't name newborns. Instead, let them pick their own legal name on their 6th birthday.
Cops should have signs saying something like "please bring agitators forward" to prevent a peaceful protest from becoming violent.
Tony Hawk remasters a game for 2020 and chooses American Wasteland
Eyesight is no longer measured with distance but is now a measurement of the angle of your elbow when you look at your phone.
Can we get a hybrid controller/mouse for gaming??
Inventing a pacage delivery system which helps to reduce Transmission of germs in covid
The FBI should post questions on Crazy Ideas to potentially catch criminals who accidentally say too much about the crime they committed last Tuesday at 3:00 PM.
There should be an app or site that connects people to apartments where everybody in the building doesn't mind loud music
A reverse 3d printer that scans and eats up the individual parts of something and sorts the materials to be recycled for 3d printing.
There should be a "rule 35"
A really wealthy bodybuilder should lift only good weights. Gold is 4X heavier than iron so they could lift tiny weights and confuse everyone.
A hyper-realistic WW1/WW2 strategy game, one similar to Plague Inc
Give the Corona virus to anybody too lazy to commit suicide.
A Cat tree
Subreddit called "Bezos_Buys_It" where people submit things for Jeff Bezos to consider buying. If he does buy it, the post is flared, and he posts a pic or review in the comments.
Commercials
Cars should have air-conditioned steering wheels, so that you don't burn your hands touching the steering wheel after entering the car on a hot day
AA powered Bluetooth EarPods
DMV livestream that alternates between DMVs at random
Now that the Pentagon has confirmed the UFO video, what if covid19 is the alien preemptive strike?
Add a water fountain and bathroom in middle school and high school bathrooms
Download “Pi Network” app. All you have to do is literally push a button once a day(&lt;10sec/day). Please GIVE yourself a potential CHANCE to earn side income in the near future✅
We should be programming AIs to laugh when they are confused, don't understand the question, and/or are asked to do something beyond their processing powers.
Force all eSports athletes to use the same PC hardware and peripherals so there's zero unnatural advantages
Make viral memes everyday en masse until the presidential election trying to elect an independent
I think rockets need a running start.
Start dosing the public water supply with vitamin C to enhance public immunity.
A horn for the back of your car so u can honk at tail gators!
Implement mandatory walking or biking to work/school for all citizens
bringing this game back is quite the crazy idea, but i think we can do it.
With police trying to censor the press and cell phone videos, it would be amazing if tons of people flew camera mounted drones over the protests/riots for exposure.
Make everyone's tax returns public record so we can know what's going on and police each other
Trump should also start a reality tv show when he's done being president, where he goes around acting like he's still president.
Trump should start a meat industry business now and call it "Donald's Rumps"
Disney should buy DC and do movies about a multiverse that criss-crosses with the marvel universe
Essential workers should demand an essential pay raise that accurately reflects the essential service they provide to this economy.
McDonald’s burrito chain
Instead of spending 550 billion on advertising for a campaign, Bloomberg gives every American 1 million bucks, helps us all during coronavirus, and gets all of our votes.
Rename Turkeys to 'Level 2 Chickens'
Listen to "Never Gonna Give You Up" at all times while browsing the internet, thus becoming immune to the effects of being rickrolled
We shut down ALL car factories, the cars we have today are ALL that we got.
YouTube remembers where you left off so you can watch long documentaries etc in bits
Netflix should have a “Quarantine Mode” that doesn’t ask you if you’re still watching and plays endlessly.
To meet climate change goals quicker, start taxing the industries that cause it to pay workers who will build the infrastructure needed to lower our collective carbon footprint and phase the industry out for the betterment of the future
Change your last name to have “CPA” so you don’t have to take the CPA exam
A new baseball league where steroids and sign stealing are fine.
A country song lamenting the challenges of life as an Instagram model
There should be a TV Channel called 'Parallel TV' that would show deepfakes of current politicians and celebrities having oposite views to what they are having today
Adult version of Bop It!
Rename any schools with team names that are considered racially insensitive to the Fightin’ Whities before deciding on a new name
A reality show where all the 'opinion' people who think prisons are a holiday camp go in and the last one to quit gets a TV show.
Hear me out!
A browser extension which uses machine learning technology to automatically hide Among Us memes from your Reddit feed.
Nintendo should hire fan game developers to help with the development of their exclusives instead of chasing them like the Sega with the Sonic Mania.
An entirely first person movie
Great idea a bit crazy
Unread texts
A phone cover that's slightly suspended above the screen, so you can put it in your pocket and walk around with the screen open. I call it the F.U. Tube
A ring-a-ring-a-roses style nursery rhyme for our generation to sing to children about the coronavirus.
Someone with a Bob Ross personality painting different and more complex, more modern styles in a t.v. show.
Redittors who sort by new and make good memes hot should get extra karma for doing that.
Drill a hole in the ground down to the mantle and redirect meteors and asteroids into it so it heats earth and prevents the cold death of earth from losing all it's geothermal energy.
Every state should have its own nuke
Everyone in Colorado should fly to Mississippi and visit Mayor Handjobs family
A&amp;E replaces Live: PD with a professional CopWatch show.
An open world video game with the actual layout and buildings of the city it's set in
Half-caffeinated coffee beans
The president needs a Jester
Twitch and Ifood should have a partnership, so I can send Pizza to my favorite Streamers.
A condom made of dried semen
Since he only had one term, Jimmy Carter should run for president again
Arrange a doggy playdate with President Joe Biden and President of Ireland Michael D Higgens dogs.
Actual subreddit wars
Make an "anti-masker pledge". If you feel so strongly against masks, pledge that you won't use hospital resources if you get COVID. Have hospitals actively enforce
History of Losers
Tetris battle royale!
Hotline miami movie with John travolta and Samuel Jackson
Upvote nude girls who show their face, downvote nude girls who don't.
A video game called Bodyguard where you have a target to protect and another player has a target to kill and you compete online to see who can complete the assignment.
Cap corporate bailout amounts to the aggregate of corporate tax the corporation has paid since it’s inception.
A porno, where the camera alternates between a boyfriend and girlfriend that are both cheating, while talking on the phone with each other.
Tutorial videos in the review section of products on Amazon
There is not enough Black representation in the media. This is why we need a Black Minions movie.
Make a show where all the characters are taken from terrible police sketches.
A “half pillow” for when 1 pillow isn’t enough but 2 is way too much.
A trick ladder that is actually a time machine
People who have worked from home during stay-at-home should be able to write-off their internet bill on their taxes for the duration.
Apply to MIT as an Asian male
"The Skywalker Saga" being done doesn't mean we can't make more Jedi-centric Star Wars trilogies so there should be another one (and if it does well perhaps another trilogy thereof)
Boxers for people that wear their trousers really low that says “NO HOMO” on the back
A GPS option for scenic, low-stress routes.
Everytime police kill a black person create an identical reenactment, but with a white victim.
What if we really did live in a simulation, and they made it so if something exploded or crashed(intentional or unintentional) ISIS music would play throughout the air as a joke
LEDs in cables so you can plug stuff in in the dark
Vote a person into government who’s sole job is to call the President/Prime minister a stupid cunt and slap them when they try to do something stupid
End racism in a single generation by having only mixed children
The opposite of reddit silver and gold awards for posts and comments that suck so bad you wish you could downvote harder.
My idea for a perpetual drive, I had to share and know if it could work.
Mandate that every American gamble their stimulus money on roulette.
A comic about a normal human guy that landed on a post apocalyptic Krypton full of Superman powered zombies
if youre white; instead of saying "my nigga" or the disgusting hard R; say "My Neighbor"
You know how TV shows are required by law to have mixed race actors, require them to have mixed sexualities, mixed genders, mixed disabilities, etc so there’s one character that is mute or deaf so the audience end up learning a little sign language just from watching regular TV.
Try imagining a world where literally nothing exists. No, not a vast emptiness of only black or white. Those are colors and thus exist. Try imagining a universe with literally nothing. No present, past, or future. Nothing.
Everyone on Twitter should change their profile picturw with a picture of Donald Trump
Have a sturdy chest secured to your porch; when you're expecting a package, leave an open padlock on it so the mail carrier can lock the package inside.
a dating app based on the car you drive. i'll call it bumper.
A show with the ending being a take on that “stupid because of ego” trope and just make the villain all of a sudden brain dead when they thought they won
Hire twice as many cops, and reduce all fines and prison sentences to half, since you're twice as likely to get caught you should only be punished half as much.
Start a subreddit called r/HateisMyKink . You are now a marginalized minority group, you are protected by Reddit’s new policy, and you can say all the hateful things you want.
A covers album of popular rap songs, but every n-word is replaced with the hard R
We eliminate all living creatures except one human. If everything goes to plan Victory Royale will appear and we end the simulation
Turn infected cruise ships into coronavirus specific hospitals.
Abolish health insurance
A confinement reality-show only with canceled people
Attach cameras to all fire alarms in schools to catch students pulling the fire alarms to skip exams
Cinema’s should have special screenings of movies for people who like to talk a bit. You’d still have to be a bit quite but everyone could talk
A roaming bot on reddit that shows up whenever someone comments a particular string of words and asks a "Would You Rather" question. The user that triggered the bot would decide what the next users' string of words needs to be.
A “celebrity sentencing rule” whereby when being sentenced for a crime, you can choose a sentence given to a celebrity for the same crime. Could help stop celebrities from getting preferential/easier sentences.
Make a new language that’s easy to learn that every country in the world should be taught (alongside their native language for the first 100 years at first)
None of us should concede the election, then we'll all be president.
All companies that prove they can function fine with people working from home should implement a “work from home day” at least once a week.
in honor of maintaining social distance let’s have biden and trump joust for the presidency
Reddit should make the new twitter
earth(or moon), as a transportation planet.
Posts about the number "69" should be rr be worth more than 69 karma.
Roll North and South Dakota back to the Dakota Territory. Give Guam and Puerto Rico Statehood.
Parents should give like 1$ or so each time they see an anti-masker at the street and yell out loud "Dad, why is that man not wearing a mask? "A credit card that shocks you when you spend too much
Pedometer to track pedos near you when you walk
Sell crack
Make the horns payable, like $10 for 100 horns. Once 100 horns are over, it has to be thrown in the thrash and new 100 horns must be purchased to reduce noise pollution.
An Eliza type phone app for channeling your dead loved ones.
Fizzy Lifting Drinks from charlie and the chocolate factory should be real
All lawyers should be assigned so people and companies can’t pick and choose their own lawyer. There should also be a MMR score where they lawyers would get matched up in cases with other similar skilled lawyers.
what if YouTube is giving a shity ads on purpose? What if it's just trying to sell us more YouTube red, so we never have to see another stupid mobile game or fitness scam?
An intense boxing match, but the fighters wear kid's squeaky shoes and squeaky gloves.
Groundhog Day Two: where in an alternate reality on the day after groundhog day, Phil Connors is in the police station trying to explain why he committed a bunch of crimes when his day stops repeating unexpectedly.
Enough is enough. We need to know if Mr. Krabs committed war crimes during his service in the Vietnam war. Join me in my fight for the truth.
A Franz Ferdinand fan subreddit that is intentionally ambiguous about which Franz Ferdinand it's talking about
If moths stayed up through the morning, then they would go flying into the sun thinking, “LAMP”
Sell just the ends of drumstick frozen cones- the parts with the tasty chocolate plug in it.
Tell people that mask misinformation is a plant from China
Due to covid, allow really rich people in jail to buy houses in newly developed gated communities where they serve their sentence under house arrest and afterwards the homes are sold at a huge discount to low-income earners
We should eliminate the ability to pay for houses in credit and instead force everyone to do an upfront cost. Then watch how rapidly the price of houses drops.
Land a normally-sized alive adult blue whale on the Moon and then return it alive back to Earth
We should make a subreddit where everyone posts clips of movies where the world has no people.. barren citiscapes.. and landscapes then we combine all of them into one big video to see what the world looks like right now thanks to the CoronaLockdown
Change the National Anthem every 50 years
An app that matches suicidal people and aspiring serial killers
Instead of a bucking bronco in bars, a hopping frog.
Doctors only get paid when they cure you.
What's stopping me from starting my own online currency and then buy tons of it to increase the value, as do some of my friends, and then sell it once the value increases, and repeat the process?
A stock broker that lets you trade stocks with an artificial intelligence bot
Let's troll the Communist Chinese government
Create a "did not vote" party that gets the votes of the people who don't vote. Nominate the worst possible candidates to scare people into caring.
Policing the Police by scraping court data - I think I accidentally started a movement
An exotic gift basket for someone you hate.
The hotel industry and movie theater industry should really get together and build suites where you can watch the latest movies in bed on a huge flat screen, order room service, pause and rewind the movie as you like it, etc.
Best before scratch and sniff labels instead of best before date... If it smells like this, don't eat it.
This subreddit should not allow politics because people who scroll through it dont want to hear your shit.
Train an AI using machine learning to be an expert in meme making. Use your advanced knowledge to perform insider trading and get rich in the meme economy.
Tell the younger population that the Coronavirus is most dangerous for them.
To the square!
Breed Miniature Pet Bears
28 Days 28 Days Later - A movie that picks up where 28 Days left off when Sandra Bullock got out of rehab and was feeling good about her life — and then there’s a zombie apocalypse that she has to survive while trying to stay sober
Stop letting &lt;foreign name&gt; continuously attempt to hack my accounts!?!?
An in-person Netflix where the movies are on shelves and you can walk around and pick one out to watch
If you see a Karen say "WE'RE IN  SPEAK ENGLISH" pretend to agree and pretend you're a translator
A candle that smells like Blockbuster
People spend their lives hording money to provide a secure future for them and their kids. If we guaranted a secure future for everyone who promised to work, then maybe people would dedicate their lives to things other than hording money
What about a racist Englishman whose daughter brings home a brown man and he becomes enraged, but then the guy opens his mouth and his teeth are crooked and yellow just like his so he accepts him and welcomes him as his countryman.
Serial named "Big Brothel"
Back button for youtube, that would take you to previous video you were watching and while we are at it... A history tab next to suggested videos, from which you could browse easily all the videos you watched previously... So basically a youtube with the essential usability!?
Game developers should rethink magic systems in their product. Those that are now too casual, and therefore boring.
Call the opposite of a heater a colder instead of an air confitioner.
An action movie about a hacker that’s incredibly smart and knows how to hack into just about anything, but never actually learned how to type quickly so it takes him forever to get anything done.
r/Polandball and r/vexillology (study of flags) should switch their subreddits on April Fools.
Greenpeace should land a ship on one of the disputed islands in the South China Sea that China has build a military base on.
A store that give you money for your money
Everybody should just ignore Kanye.
What if Americans stopped speaking English in protest?
A comedy movie called “Pardon me, man”
We should make a list of all companies and politicians that opposed corona virus relief or denied it. That way we know who to avoid after
We make a concerted effort to change the BTW (by the way) internet initialism to mean "Burn The Witch" instead
Force expecting parents to take a course on parenting with a final exam. If they fail they must give the baby up for adoption and are subject to punishment by law if they have another baby.
Free electricity
Uber for hand jobs
LPT: You can unblock torrent sites for free without a VPN
Release a virus
Finished with your food but there is still half of it left? Go outside and place it on/beside the nearest trash can, and then use this App to signal to the homeless that there is a free meal here.
An App or website where you need to order a thing of the internet (ppap, launch of Facebook etc) on a timescale. If you don’t feel old you‘ve done something wrong
Create the First Global Human Being.
Shelf two E's just because ... Yah know why not?
Someone should advertise water as clear dye
A wooden furnace
The Tinkerbell franchise should end with her dying because some kid didn't eat their vegetables or something.
Google should make a dating app.
Start calling soda and juice "diabetes water" and see how long it takes for people to switch to healthier drinks.
A video game with two story lines that switch back and forth every time you die.
An AI that learns from your typing habits, and will understand and automatically correct obvious (tiny) mistakes when typing in passwords.
Filling an ant colony with bismuth crystals instead of aluminum
How to make a hacking laptop?
Upgrade the governments
With many young people lacking financial literacy knowledge, social media apps (like TikTok) should provide it at no extra cost
A virus/pollutant facemark that's also mostly transparent.
A game where your goal is to kidnap a princess and keep her from being rescued as part of a plot to overthrow the monarchy and establish a republic.
Give everybody the option to either pay taxes or not pay taxes
Hospitals didn't charge family members money if the person admitted dies.
A website, app, etc., where you can see if multiple movies/shows were filmed in the same location.
A solar powered trackable dog collar or collar attachable device
Conduct a questionnaire using questions that encompass your entire personality and record the answers. Using the recorded footage, make a device that responds to voice and answers questions about you long after your dead.
Before a cop can arrest someone he has to find the relevant law they may have broke on a sign within 1 mile. All the laws go on publicly visible signs duplicated every mile somewhere. So stop having so many laws if that's impractical.
A shazam but for smells
People should start making face masks with cool designs and features for the virus. That way it attracts more people of all ages into wearing them.
A birthday cake with handcuffs that activate when you hand the cake to the person under arrest
A "god" that is limitless -- omniscient, omnipotent, omnipresent and so on -- would just as well make every single belief right.
No one knows what will happen tomorrow. It's better to forget all bad memories and be nice to each other. Due to today's current scenario, no one knows what will happen next.
Sleeping Bag Rotisserie: It's hard to roll over and get comfortable in a sleeping bag, so hook it to a device that lifts you off the ground and does it for you.
Make the Quran into a movie
Viruses like H1N1 and COVID-19 have retroactive effects and are how the entire human population is “updated”
Dragons caused the ice-age
People should be assholes to People on Reddit.
10 profitable side hustles you can start to make money online
Improve jobs/school
Spotify achievements for dedicated music listeners
Instead of making things illegal, have an infinity% tax on them, like murder is legal but you have to pay infinity dollars to do it, and if you dont then you go to jail for tax evasion of infinity dollars
Equip all the bears and deer with plate mail at the start of the hunting season.
A website where you can get your appearance rated on a scale of 1 to 10
Redo "The Wizard of Oz" only Dorthy can't sing a note. She wants to be a pop star!
Reverse strip club where you pay ugly people to put clothes on
Refer to Jesus Christ as "that Josh Josephson dude with the cologne"
A news channel that does not mention the virus and continues to cover the normal news stuff.
r/CrazyIdeas not being full of police ideas and instead, some real crazy ideas
What do you guys think?
Separate professional sports prep institutions from institutions of higher learning.
A pair of pants that would actually burst into flames for a few seconds (then self-extinguish) if the person wearing them lies. Give a pair to everyone in government and end corruption overnight.
An RTS where there aren’t any do-overs for failed objectives/missions. The success or failure is permanent and affects how the game as a whole progresses.
Pandemic solution: Get some blood from Chuck Norris and use it to cure all patients. There's no way Covid-19 can beat Chuck Norris's blood.
There should be a series of "how i met your mother:Alabama"
Resolve all clearly partisan Congress votes instantly by computer simulation, using party lines and filibuster time. Save human time for votes actually in question.
Get a carnivorous/omnivorous pet. Fed it by giving it living carnivorous/omnivorous animals of all kinds to kill. If said animal survived by killing the pet, then adopt the survivor as a new pet. Repeat.
For the month of April, give a flower to an Asian person you meet and tell them “I hope you have a beautiful day.”
Netflix should really have a "don't show any dystopian edgelord crap, the world's depressing enough right now" mode.
A subreddit devoted to teaching people the proper use of apostrophe's.
Make a company called "rent a black mom" for unruly kids.
Open a pawn shop but only sell rooks, knights, and bishops
Upside-down volleyball in a metal dome with magnetic shoes, and the ball is a helium balloon
In court, have the jury sit behind a one-way mirror so that their identity is protected and lawyers can't tell if they are 'winning over the jury' by their reactions.
Indian 300: A female NGO representative arrives India and offers to clean up the Ganges river so Indians stop drinking sewage water. An enraged Modi responds by kicking her into a pit of 20 of his cousins who gangrape her to death.
A gym membership where the only equipment is rows of mattresses and stacks of fitted sheets.
A sad song with bass boosted chorus
Gods people would be a perfect hive mind without sin.
If Trump loses, make #yourefired trend and make "You're Fired!" the headline on every newspaper in America
What if the earth is just hyping us up for the world's worst april fools joke and all the pandemic and shit are just a bad joke.
Intermittent eating: you fast for eight hours and then eat whatever you want for 16 hours.
A couples workshop at IKEA where couples have to put their furniture together.
There should be a movie about Marlas pov from the movie Fight Club, that would be really fucking interesting
A reverse cheese grater. Apply handfuls of hearted cheese and it stitches them back together into a block of cheese.
How about the general public no longer being allowed to buy fireworks for private use
Drug dog for hire
Boxes of 1, 2 and 4 eggs for people who dont eat eggs regularly but want to bake or just need fewer eggs
Let's agree to turn off all lights on the 12th of August so we can see the stars.
In 2021, Rush should release a 30 year special edition set of their most famous album and call it Gifs.
Change the pronounciation of DNA so that it rhymes with "bidet"
Selling actual mushrooms at music festivals
Make rent cheaper if you pay on the first day of the month (or earlier). They penalize paying late, so why not incentivize paying early?
Use Explorer instead of Chrome
Tiny boats with 360deg webcams to replace actual cruises with virtual cruises. You can bring your own pizza and Corona.
I had an idea to interview drunk kids at FSU and ask them the most absurd questions.
Alternative method for deciding the jail time for people who have committed misdemeanors
Picking up the best non subjective posts from LifeProTips, LifeHacks, and publishing as a book.
Bruh this guy failed his AP exam for viewsMake becoming a Cop a Masters Degree level career path to weed out bad apples
If Netflix keeps doing live action adaptations of anime, PornHub should do the same thing for hentai
A light bulb hat that flashes green with a good idea and red with a bad one
2v2v2 3-wheeler lawn darts to the death.
2019 was probably the last year that ends with 'teen' for the rest of our lives.
To ensure that a record of what happened would be available if you ever were to be found murdered in a bed, stream a shot of your bedroom to a self-archiving cloud server every night
Make it mandatory for criminals to give law enforcement a 24 hour notice before committing a crime
A second tab on the bottom of a beer can that allows you to shotgun the can immediately
AC backpacks.
Reddit Mobile app: New global comment tag 'sauce' that when used, highest voted comment is accessible via the ... Menu as a link. Can be url restricted to configured sites.
Guys hear me out, someone please make a toaster shaped bathbomb.
Reddit should steal the "wall" concept from Facebook where people can share cool content to their own page.
PIXIE STICKS FILLED WITH CHEETO DUST
It would be cooler if the government was possibly hiding mythical creatures like mermaids rather than aliens.
Coffee book with the top 1000 crazy ideas posted in this channel. Profits are somehow distributed back into community.
Edible food that tastes exactly how tide smells
should have to watch a tutorial on misinformation &amp; empathy (followed by a short quiz) to participate in social media
WATERWORLD 2, starring Greta Thunberg as a slightly older Enola.
Gravy should be a standard condiment like ketchup and mustard.
Strange World
Make a garden gnome that looks the Grimble Gromble and sell it to Pink Floyd fans
Ezeephone customer care number 6204027663/6202278073//
Low-wattage remakes of popular shows, featuring people rejected for casting of the original
Wednesday should be turned into Winsday because it's the half way mark to the weekend and everybody needs a win to last them until then.
Upload slower versions of songs and multiple reverb effect samples to Content ID so it would detect ALL SONGS ON YOUTUBE AND STRIKE 'EM NO EXCUSES
If you are in a store and some calls out a message on the PA system like “code 3 at the register “ or “ code blue at customer service” panic and run out of the store screaming.
Apostrophe-correct: autocorrect but it only corrects your apostrophe use (I’m, you’re, didn’t etc)
A hidden „satire“ button for verified accounts on Twitter or Facebook so, of they get a shitstorm, they can make the hidden marker visible.
White person renting service to shield black people against police brutality
Dab when you cum
OnlyFans. Except OnlyDans. Everything pulled from the internet. Dans do the news, entertainment etc. No more left or right bias. No more uncertainty. OnlyDans.
Real blind dates where both people remain blindfolded the entire date.
Harris/Pence
A movie where there’s explosive gum and if the person stops chewing or spits it out it blows up.
On April 1st, Hong Kong should shine a real-life Bat Signal into the sky.
US Elections: We all agree to vote for the most upvoted (eligible) candidate in this thread in the coming presidential election.
Limit autocorrect so that it will only autocorrect to the same word once every 15 seconds.
Next time the roof, the roof is on fire, ask for some water and don’t just let the mothenfarber burn.
An Umbrella that's designed to attach to a backpack.
A counrty of sea
A Repost Sin-Bin for Reddit
Welcome to r/postwhatever!
Do the Maury show, but with Coronavirus tests instead of paternity tests.
Have each state required to have one democrat senator and one republican senator for each state, and in every house of reps district do the same. This way there's no fight to "turn congress blue" or "turn congress red" and bills can be passed solely on how good they are, not which party's agenda fit
Everyone adopts each other’s religion for a day for 10 years every Sunday?
Applause Across America for those fighting on the front lines.
YouTube should have a "spoiler" tag for clips of movies, TV, etc, which can be filtered out of the recommendation feed.
Holding your cat over your head to catch ceiling bugs as a competitive sport.
Anyone under a certain IQ that post stupid sh*t on the internet (I.e. anti-vax, karens, and generally wrong and stupid people) should be restricted from posting anything anywhere, or at least fined.
YouTube bans the colon ":" in comments
Instead of water bottles in vending machines, put bottle fill stations beside empty bottle vending machines.
Let private investors interview and research high school students and financially support chosen candidates in exchange for a percentage of their future earnings. Interviews shall not be conducted on a private Caribbean island.
Start keeping, breeding, and training chimpanzees, gorillas, and orangutans as household pets. Eventually, employ gene therapy to make them capable of performing simple domestic chores. What could go wrong?
An alarm clock that moves your money into savings each time you hit snooze
Believing that supermoons only exist as a modern occurance hence me not remembering any as a child
How about implanting those little plastic turkey things so they pop out when you are done eating on Thanksgiving?
A crypto currency that the proof-of-work is a series of captchas that a human must solve
Start a trend of acting like you're trying to hide drugs when you're not, so cops waste their time and drug enforcement becomes impractical.
Oil going to -$ on 4/20 is partly due to automated stock AI the misinterpreted the online preveilance of the phrase '420'
Bear grilles does a survival series on how to survive quarantine where he comes up with creative ways to get round problems we are now all becoming familiar with
There should be option in Reddit to sort by worst post as in the post which as highest number of down votes to see what is the worst Reddit has to offer, some people are into that.
A tortilla is rectangular instead of round. Then when you roll it up you don't get the weird bits on the end with only a little tortilla.
Mounting rechargeable batteries a few mm away from a disconnect switch inside the device, so if the battery ever bulges / swells, the switch disconnects the battery.
An app like Uber Eats but with homemade dishes made by housewives instead food made by restaurants.
Become the Warlord of Pop Music
A holiday like Saint Patrick’s Day, but instead of dressing in the color green, everybody urinates in public.
Backup plan for the human race
Spend a full day shadowing your pet and doing exactly what they do, just to freak them out.
presidential debate moderated by Joe Rogan
Conservatives should make friends with democrats . Democrats should befriend conservatives.
For the next year, there should be no sales tax charged at qualifying small and local businesses. Or maybe even all money spent at those businesses should be tax deductible like a charitable donation.
edible anything for survival
Stop making the famous TV show Friends be bad
Eat 3 greasy tacos, followed immediately by a red delicious apple, and go to bed.
Turn the MAGA crowd against Trump by publishing "convincing" conspiracy theories that he has been replaced by a reptilian
a Disney Plus series where each episode is a full experience of a specific disney park ride with high production value for those that are unable to go to their theme parks and would rather just watch it from a POV
A dating site that determines your compatibility based on your stoner theories and philosophies.
President Trump pardons Joe Exotic and uses him to campaign due to his recent notoriety
Modifying the human body
Comment section on streaming sites like Netflix, Hulu, and Disney Plus.
Convince the Republicans who voted that the impeachment trial was unconstitutional to boycott the conviction vote entirely.
All countries sue china for causing corrona virus
A device that measures people's level of serotonin which shares that info with your social media in real time so people know if its a good time to text you or not
Elaborate, professional macaroni art competitions.
Refer to him as Impeached President Trump in every headline.
Get rewarded for missing out on the best price
There should be zipties that have rubber on the inside so they don't slip
An option on Reddit you can enable that flips the positioning of the upvote/downvote buttons on mobile for lefties
Assemble a list of companies and how they are fucking their workers over in this crisis. Sticky it to ALL.
An anti-Procrastination energy drink.
There should be a government provided blowjob for every 1k you pay in taxes.
Trump needs to respond to the 80 million bounty that iran placed on him by placing 100 million on the iranian leaders head
Keep sports competitors in the Olympics identity secret to prevent bias.
Nasa should reverse engineer alien spacecraft and disclose all their dirty secrets
A horror game featuring micheal from vsuase chasing you.
Vote for the person who promises to make the policies you want exist
Pass a law that says all houses must be built with interior sprinklers.
Create an escape room. Once a year, the team with the shortest time gets kidnapped for real.
Instead of just putting rapists, pedophiles, and other felons in prison, we just break their legs.
Make cigarette paper pink to discourage smokers
School should mod games like Mount and Blade to help teach history. Homework will be completing quests. This will help keep students engaged, not get bored and actually experience the fear/joy associated with the event.
A story about a young man or woman trying to leave her religious family...
As long as everyone and their children are quarantined wipe out head lice too.
CORVID-19 could make boomers realize the benefit of socialist endeavors.
Trophy Bandage
Game console companies take a risk and eat the cost of developing next gen game cartridges, phasing out the disk and 50+gb download.
Lace up pants with zipper denim shoes
Passport machines stamp passport when going through customs
Smart phones are the zoo that we built for our imaginations, evidently that is why there are so few wild ones left.
An app that pays you for promoting healthy personal sexual habits
We observe a day when we only use music lyrics to talk. If a person can't remember lyrics then they have to use signs to talk.
Require all "Entry Level" job listings to not list X years of experience as a prerequisite.
The 7th Sense. A movie about a kid that can see dead pets. Cross it over with the Air Bud universe.
How to rejuvenate and live three hundred years and beyond?
Bars and nightclubs should have an option to purchase a randomized shot for $1 less and label it as “a shot in the dark”.
Associating the term crazy with actual crazy and substituting crazy for unique.
Imagine if there was a console that was attached to your nerve system but all go had to do was lay and go into a virtual world and do all types of exercise and have fun and you lose weight and get healthier in the real world by playing on the nerve gear
How about a platform like facebook specifically to pool resources for lobbying
We should bring back Latin, since it's a dead language now. So many languages' structures and words are based on Latin structures/words, and we could just come up with new words for things that have been created since the language died.
Making temporary fillings for teeth- so you'd have to buy a 1 year, 5 year, 10 year plan; filling forcing people to end up paying money (as a consumable) for the teeth they wanted.
Put wheels on Mount Rushmore so we can move it around the country. That way people that can't afford to travel will get to see it, and besides I'm sure those presidents are sick of looking at the same view after all these years.
Instead of adding laughing tracks to your miserable sitcom. Add the genuine response of a relatable one person where we can hear his/her genuine reaction to your skits.
Musicals but with cool stories and music
A telephone receiver that you bluetooth connect your phone to, the receiver would have a keypad that lets you type in a number after you pick up the phone.
Make a new Facebook quiz where the only result is "You're a dipshit who takes Facebook quizzes" with links to show how their data makes people who aren't them lots of money because they HAVE to know which disney character they are.
Put huge tariffs on exported porn and spice World War 3 up a little bit
A smartphone app that uses AI to figure out what you're most insecure about and then insults you.
“Build you own spaceship” service
You know how hot drinks from fast food and cafes come with a piece of cardboard that the cup slides into so you don't burn your hand? We should do the same thing with iced drinks during the winter months.
Does Anyone have Crazy Vlog IdeasWe could substitute all global conflicts by yearly conflicts with sandcastles between nations.
Public servants "serving"
A baking competition show where eliminated contestants are executed by a Sylvester Stallone impersonator if their dough doesn't rise, or they burn the loaf. Call it **Judge Breadd**.
Single term of 6 years for any government office of honer so they can't abuse power and only do their job.
Make the official cause of death for anyone over 90 "old as shit"
Luxury quarantine pods.
This might be too crazy, but an completely factual and unbiased news channel in the US.
Taxes should not leave the county where you reside. Mobile tax voting for county residents.
Break and enter Chick-Fil-A on Sundays, and run the business as usual. Cash only.
Pseudo-pseudo-science. Real science, but spun in a way to make it sound like bullshit
Lizzo covering a Thin Lizzy song
Bernie Policy Series - Episode 1 - Economic Bill of Rights
Seems as if Cornonavirus was inspired by Thanos. It is on it's way to wipe out 50 percent of life on Earth. Well, we all can put a board outside our houses titled 'We are in the Endgame now'
Music artists claim they are holding some sort of protest so audience members can watch bands play in concerts while “protesting.”
The password to this account is WeepWeepChinchilla
Folders to sort saved posts
Hand Cream - a cream that makes things smell like hands
A reminder app for elevation instead of time for people with poor memories who live in tall buildings
Burial at sea via a powerful circus-style human cannon that shoots your loved one out past the breakers
What if the Cleveland Browns changed their helmet color to brown?
All stove top or stove top hoods should have a red light that turns on to indicate that something on the stove is still hot.
In honor of America's batshit politicization of COVID, rebaptise it FREEDOM FLU
A dentist you can hire by the year, that sneaks into your house at night &amp; quietly does mouth stuff while you're sleeping.
Replace all of the statues of Christopher Columbus with statues of Chris Columbus (directed of Home Alone)
My company sends all employees fake phishing emails to test and train us on how to spot them. We need the same thing for our parents and fake news! If they click the link then they get tested more.
End BlackLivesMatter and start BlackLivesMatter2. It can be interpreted as BlackLivesMatterToo which and finally silence the AllLivesMatter crowd.
Replace mopping with fish
The next Bond villian should be based off of Jeffrey Epstein
Someone with the surname Sylvania should name their kid Penn.
A Customer Intelligence Platform that is used to help you make tough decisions, based off of your own personality and historical behaviour.
Allow people to pay taxes either to the govt or to approved charities.
What if we could track people who just check your profile but does not follow you (pv accounts)
A show where people swap social media accounts for a week to see how strikingly different their bubbles are.
A "Who wants to be a millionaire" show, where the participants are Billionaires.
Infect a bachelor/bachelorette contestant with herpes so they all get it and have to try and cover it up on the show.
A Flash theme park with multiple people who look identical dressed as the flash who are assigned certain areas around the theme park so kids believe he's really fast
Drug companies should be denied ability to copyright any drug they are allowed to advertise.
Black Cows Unite and Join The Movement -Black Cow Lives Matter!
Streaming services should integrate a playlist system so people can watch and share the best episodes of shows and interesting combinations
Wierd idea
a coin never actually has a 1 in 2 chance of landing on heads or tails. there is all ways the chance of it landing on the edge
Instead of brooding covers of pop songs, get artists to perform pop covers of broodish songs
Government Elected Officials' Salary Should Be Directly Proportionate to Their Approval Rating
Eat ants you find on trash cans
woul it be possible to get free Netflix if you don't ever turn the wifi on again?
A Reverse Funnel System For Bums: Beg on the street for money, but on your sign, promise and guarantee a 10% return on each person’s investment when 100x that person’s investment is collected.
A spin-off of Community that focuses on Abed and Troy's adventures
Make it so politicians must have a degree in science. Climate change can’t be denied by them then
We have a direct democracy. We all vote on each issue directly, popular vote wins
Instead of the drum line of a marching band field show, they use fireworks to keep the beat.
It's time for knights on cattle.
bring back the sport of chicken - driving 2 cars at eachother to see who will turn away first
Instead of scrolling down, we should have scrolling upwards.
Our lovely and quiet neighbours at The_Donald are moving home. Let's do the neighbourly thing and visit them at thedonald.win to leave them positive pro-MAGA posts. I'm sure it'll help them adjust to their new forever home.
Remove vertical video recording from phone’s. if you hold it vertical to record, it still uses a wide screen format.
the Office, but every time Michael Scott should've been fired it switches to Parcs and Rec, but every time Leslie Knope should've been fired it switches to Stranger Things, but every time Jim Hopper should've been fired it switches to the Office.
Shit-X™ for toilets
Politicians such as president, senators ect.. should have to talk to the public through official means and not through social media sites like Twitter, Facebook.
In future years, make October "Halloween season" like December is Christmas season
Coverup
OBJ plays LBJ in a movie about the 36th President
Every election no matter what you're running for is funded by the people. You take a public polygraph right before the election with questions by the people. You take random polys in your term and if in your poly or linked to any corporation you receive a felony. Goes for anyone up to president.
Make the universe of Pixar’s “Cars” a lot more interesting and horrifying in implication by adding drivers.
We don't bail out the cruise and airline industries, then nationalize the airline industry
Aging cream for teenage girls
A comment section on Netflix
Reddit should have a subReddit/community to post about real live heroes with their stories and honor them
Do you think everyone has a doppelganger? What would happen if we met them, would we think ourselves crazy?
TV streaming services should have a “Sleep Show” function where it would shuffle all the episodes of an entire series.
There should be charging ports on both sides of a laptop for convenience
Bro there should be beds with like a dick hole slot in them so when you lie on your stomach it can just hang out in the hole
Conflict resolution training cancelled due to disagreement over venue
A 'no-vote' button, for when you're unsure whether you want to upvote or downvote something.
A Gordon Ramsey x Simon Cowell collaborated show where the contestants have to cook a master dish while singing
Get rid of names on election ballots and replace it with a list of major political and social view stances that you are either for, against, or undecided. Your ballot is then cast blindly for whichever candidate is most in line with your views.
a precure series where the whole team are siblings
A backup battery for RAM to get extremely fast storage.
Cover all door handles in syrup
Politicians should be paid the median salary. This way they have incentive to raise the average wealth of the population and the job won't attract people just in it for the money.
With public schools across the world closed, we should use this as an opportunity to adjust the start times of school days from 7 - 8 am to 10 am.
They should release the movie Memento in theaters again with a heavily altered plotline. Then release the original plotline when it comes out on digital.
In order to calm the masses of America, scientist find a lovable actor to be diagnosed and cured of Covid-19
In order to bring these Crazy Ideas to life people need 100,000 Cash at least. What I propose is a perpetual Socialist Crowdfunding APP that everytime it reaches the goal of 100,000 Cash it then resets and starts again. CrazyIDeas for life !
Screaming toddler ringtone.
Make 8-24 a day of remembrance for Kobe.
The electoral college should be based around something other than population.
Device that would allow men to feel like women
A menu-less restaurant next to a grocery store where you can order anything the store has ingredients for.
Pay it forward thread where everyone gives the person they're replying to silver
Someone should nominate Donald Trump for a Guinness World Record -- has anyone not only lost so may court cases in so short a time, but also had so many cases rejected from even being heard?
Who Wants to be a Millionaire but the temperature starts at zero and goes up by 3°C (37.4°F) for every correct answer
A TV show that works like a choose your own path book.
Genetically breed koalas to look like ewoks
Honey Nut Cheerios should be reformulated so that they maintain the same texture as regular Cheerios and don’t have that glazed, crunchy, and unappealing crust.
Video chat streaming platforms (don't care which) not just have a Camera off/on button- but one that says "I'm still listening, I Just disabled my camera."
Upgrades people UpgradesIt’s 2020. Drug dealers should start accepting PayPal.
Reddit should make a random day each month give you free coins for the amounts of upvotes you get that day.
A porntube that lets you opt-in to mining crypto in the background while you watch clips instead of showing ads.
Shame walls to people who dispose of trash in public areas
A televised discussion instead of a debate.
Home renovation tv show with a twist
We make cheesecake a gay thing so that homophobes won’t get to enjoy it
For April Fools Day, reddit should become zombo.com for a day.
3 Problems, 1 Solution: Manufacturing Centers in Central America
Petition to have Ruth Bader Ginsberg's, and Sojourner Truth's likenesses carved into Mount Rushmore.
All 2020 seniors who couldn't graduate because of covid shound start using#NotMyGraduation until they get a makeup one
A mobile game that takes your route dynamically from google maps and turns it into a car race with obstacles and jumps.
Sniper taser gun
Headbutt belt sander until I feel beautiful.
Weight people's votes by how much skin they have in the game.
A Bill &amp; Ted cover band called Myld Stallyns
Hallmark Hanukkah rom-coms
a keyboard with no buttons that types what the powers that be want you to type
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater for the Apple Watch
An alarm clock that plays progressively worse music the more often you snooze
Organize Redditors to not post, comment, or upvote for a few days and mark/ban all the bots that continue to do so
Organise a party where the only snacks available are bananas and sprite.
Give people a $500 tax credit if they vote
Grow your hair out really long. After you get it chopped, start making a wig out of your own hair. When you start to bald or go grey, you have the most natural wig you could have.
USA should cut military funding, have every eligible adult between 26-35 enter a lottery to become a mediating and peace keeping official employed by the state. Each person gets extensive physical, emotional, compassion and empathy training. 2 year service.
A mirror at the bottom of the toilet bowl so you can see how clean you booty is
Lock everyone from /r/iamverysmart and everyone from /r/iamverybadass in a room together and let them wipe each other out.
NASA but for the ocean.
I should be able to long press play and choose whether to start an episode after the recap or at/after the intro instead of having to hit “skip” multiple times to get to the start of an episode
It would be cool if after you died you could see top five moments you almost died.
Replace the word sh%t with Trump, Ima gonna take a Trump,or you are being a Trumpy friend right now
A YouTube series that makes pitch meetings of conspiracy theories
Take a small part of the military budget and use it as a fund that sends every American junior high or high schooler abroad.
A sequel to the television show "LOST" called "FOUND," with the US Govt. trying to colonize the island
Uber roulette: you add your hunger status and allergies, a delivery person brings your meal. Key: They try to impress you so they get more orders through you, You get to break your regular staples and try new foods !!
Like webcams, phone cameras should have a light indicator whenever it’s being used, for privacy purposes.
How about we all stop touting the phrase "WW3"
Awards are basically super upvotes that give karma. I say there should be Anti-Awards, super downvotes that take away karma.
Free eBook!
Get all the brightest top Youtubers together and make a show where they have to combine all their unique abilities to solve some problem - who would you want included? What problem would you want them to work on?
Cum inside eggs and egg the Reddit CEO's house for allowing karma to be on Reddit
Meme man rule 34
A tax token system, where you get X amount of tokens that represent your tax dollars, and you can allocate them to services to choose what you want to fund.
In the U.S. when a political party is choosing their candidate and it narrows to two, all discussions should become private so as to prevent giving ammo to the other party for a general presidential election.
VR simulation of you being diagnosed with lung cancer where you end up on a hospital bed with your family watching over you to help quit smoking.
Headphones of the future - earrings that play music.
dust gun
Flying saucers come to earth to drop off the disembodied souls of aliens.
I created a "vase" (composition) that can not be counterfeited.
Politicians should be paid minimum wage
Give the COVID-19 vaccine first to those that received money from the stimulus check and then work the way up the income ladder. Still follow the old and vulnerable rule but in that group.
New sports games should be made every 2-3 years, with DLCs in the years leading up to the next release.
Dogglebox
A human taking a photo of the Milky Way core from the edge where we are is like a galactic selfie photo from your arm all reached out picturing back at yourself
Quarantinder
A job where you aren't allowed to feel gruntled cuz it can lead to feeling disgruntled when your level of gruntleness quickly falls
Have a nuclear apocalypse on one of the farther useless planets just for practice
Canadian Nintendo games....Mario from Ontario... it's me! Mario eh? That's my girl, please give her back! I'm sorry!
A store but everyone acts as npcs
KFG: Kentucky Fried Goose
a business that specializing in rewriting text to say basically the same thing but make it appear to not be hate speech even though it still is
Twilight dub
Use thispersondoesnotexist.com to make unique characters
You could create a fake scale - app for tablets, tricking some people to stand on them to see how much they weigh - and potentially destroying their tablet.
Superbowl halftime show is just hundreds of puppies frolicking for 12 minutes with excellent camera work.
Design cars without gaps between the seat and the center console because everyone that drives a car drops their phone down there constantly.
Voting Lottery
Maybe there should be a maximum government employee base pay with a bonus system if the country is doing well. Like if you make $200k working for the govt and a national emergency strikes, your salary drops to your base pay of $100k (or some bullshit idk I'm just spitballing out of frustration).
Make cars out of wood
Have queer eye go to the Whitehouse and fix all the shit that's going on
An app that uses your location to show you where you can buy your desired product from small local businesses instead of going to major stores/restaurants. Support your local businesses!
You know when abandoned buildings stop being guarded when it gets too many vandals? What if there was a group dedicated to smoothing out Anti-Hobo Benches until the city gave up? (US)
Send your crush a video of you taking a shit but be laughing the whole time so they know you're just joking
Legit idea for a youtube show I'm thinking about
Take a random powers from r/godtiersuperpowers and make a comic book character with it.
give ruthbaderginsberg that big dee cokc and keep her on the supreme cooer t for a coper mlolr yrarsdont want trump firing her
Rick is wise
Launch a giant mirror into space blocking the sun for a day, lowering the earths temperature and counteracting global warming.
Create a massive nuclear reactor and throw all our fuel into it. Put it somewhere in space but still accessible to earth. Beam the energy to earth (Maybe in the form of heat and light). Enjoy easy free clean energy
A kaizo ROM hack of Animal Crossing
Amputees get bionic arms with super powers
Magic 8 ball prosthetic eyes
Rick roll people using a url shortener.
Stop coloring all liquid foods to avoid stains
We should have secret civilians like Walmart has secret shoppers
You're basically dry spitting at someone when saying any word with P in it. Post quarentine, we change the pronunciation of P to something safer, like an H sound
Instead of de-platforming individuals spreading misleading information or conspiracy theories, they should flag them as misleading and provide verified sources disproving them.
Produce a new line of vans, and call the company Shoes.
KILLING A GOD
Put all the Tiger King people behind bars in a "sanctuary," and let people pay to take pictures with them
If multi-millionaires go to prison for life then that money should be distributed to the public.
A Facebook site that pays you to use the site.
Make the olympics truly amazing and the pinnacle of the human body by killing whoever comes in last place
If there is a machine that can scan materials then we can make a robot who will recycle mixed trash so people wouldn't have to bother with this shit anymore
A horror game where you have an old IPod and you have to avoid waking up your psychotic parents so you can sneak downstairs and consume as much shredded cheese from the bag as possible
Competition challenge where you keep rewatching Kenneth Copeland's Covid-19 sermon on loop indefinitely
"Sleep mode" on smartphones. When enabled the person calling is prompted to choose whether to wake you or not let it ring for real, and thereby letting you sleep.
Gangster rap about selling drugs and killing people and their asthetic is that they're cops
Flying booze instead of flying goose - a red colored chilli liquor with a similair styled bottle
A device that when shot at a vehicle would slow it down to a dead stop. Therefore police and suspect would not be endangering themselves or others.
High-effort prank idea: make some authentic-looking paint swatches and give them all ridiculous names. Then go to your local hardware store, and jumble them all in with the color swatches already on display without anyone seeing.
My preformations
Let's give Trump to Iran and im exchange USA gets peace on many levels
Implement vertical loops into NASCAR racing
Why not sell a "tablet version" of a smart watch the size of a wall clock, that you wear on a chain around your neck like Flava Flav?
An option on streaming services that allows you to ban specific holidays.
if its ok to say something, it doesnt get censored, then its also ok to say the opposite.
Make people can only hold one status at time. If you are going to work, abandon your child.
A computer virus that renders a mouse pointer on every online picture
Tim Cooks donation to corona virus relief should be to wait a year before slowing down everyones iphone again.
Weird Al should be the official performer during every Super Bowl halftime show from now on.
Poverty Tax Surcharge
What if you woke up but instead of Saw it was his twin brother Was who has to do everything backwards..
voice canceling tracks
Atomic collector.
A top 10 list website that just comes up with random lists to give you a spectrum of different advertisements at random.
Launch a large cargo plane and Vacuum up clouds
A donation website for people who have been fucked over for a little bit of natureAirdrop a ton of Orphaned Minority Toddlers into the most Racist communities of America. Let's see how their hate deals with such innocent adorableness.
A smoke detector that isn't a piece of garbage.
Build a website search engine where only 20 results can be shown :D .. companies can bid for it but no advertisement, no tracking etc and no cookies .. just list of websites .. and those listed Companies can bid only twice a year :D
I have discovered the strongest alloy ever, and it withstands the test of time, all the way until the heat death of the universe. And I have patented this technology STRICTLY to create rugged, trustworthy hand tools...
Continue presidential debates, but have Judge Judy moderate.
Attempt to prove existence of God: nuke entire Vatican. If the Pope survives, then there is God
Instead of replanting all the forest out west that's burning, replant it with marijuana. It won't stop the wildfires, but next year everyone will get SUPER high.
A job that anyone can do even if homeless. Cleaning the streets.
Fiction movie based on Illuminati
send politicians a message that they answer to democracy more than capital by renaming the capital city to the democracy city
A comment section for any streaming site so you can share your thoughts and opinions on the episodes (Netflix, Hulu, Disney +, etc)
The makers of the COVID vaccines should be the first to take the treatment live on TV, along with 49 random members of the public chosen from a tray of 50 vaccines to prove they stand by their product.
I would like to make a prank call app that has robin Williams call whatever number you dial (probrubly friends/family) and tell them he needs help his RV is stuck on the tip of a mountain
A game where you live in a foreign (not real) country and slowly learns its language.
Joe Bidet: A Bidet that has a face of joe biden and he's squirting water out his mouth
"They should make Vulture Bee farms where you donate your corpse and they give your loved ones the honey the bees produce." u/greatgildersleeve
Netflix should hire the actors from Shyamalan's Avatar to play the theatre scene in their remake.
Apple open up a chain of greengrocers, ironically selling all types of fruit except apples
Companies that use advertising as an income should be held responsible for the adds that they show
have no rules or law, eventually everything would go back to normal
A restaurant called "Shush Kebab" where they serve all kinds of Shish kebabs but everyone has to eat in silence.
Facebook should allow opt-in 'Lifestyle Tourism' - a tourist can pay money to have read-only access to someone else's feed for a day, split the proceeds with the users.
Future Perfect 2020
Wireless showerheads
If you are arrested, require law enforcement to notify your next of kin immediately, just like a hospital.
Political orienoted subs should have limited moderation powers (unable to ban, no css, etc.) to prevent bubbled discussion.
Subway inspired brothel
Extreme Truth or Dare
Make the Washington Redskins name just "skins" and they don't wear shirts during games
Bezos should become a real life Batman.
Buy a slave and set them free
A browser plugin or overlay page that lets facebook users pay half price to create counterfeit reddit awards on reddit posts
A button on adverts to press when your not interested in a product that when pressed will make sure that you aren’t shown ads for that product again so you don’t have to watch 55 ads for Raid: Shadow Legends while watching YouTube
A movie that would explore the idea of what the Americas would look like today, if the Natives were not affected by the diseases the Europeans brought over.
Obsolete gaming emulators made by Sony/Nintendo/Microsoft that come with free games.
Restaurant's using ice that has the same composition as your drink, so it doesn't get watered down if you dont drink it fast enouph.
Make all politicians take polygraph exams when giving their speeches (a certain oversized Cheeto would ring like a doorbell)
PLEASE CALL THIS NUMBER
Find a job you can do remotely while pooping and get paid for 2 jobs at once on break
I want to make a bar where everything is sand paper inside
A realistic looking banana-shaped stick of deodorant that you have to “peel” to put on.
16 min! (Activating/EndOfDayWork) In the Air - From Bmore to Oakland by Marc Hugs
Next year should start back at year 1
Someone should do a remake of Yacko's Nations of the World, but instead list all the franchises flushed down the toilet this decade
A remedy to accelerate the resting time of the brain and body so we would just need 2 hours of sleep.
Ban light itself, using true scientific facts
Have those, who hate those who hate their country, pay for those, who do hate their country to leave.
Animal museum
Make it a National Law that you have to declare the Regional Style of your Barbecue.
Pizza, burger flavored toothpaste
We should have very realistic games that simulate all kinds of jobs destined for children
Tiger King: the Opera
If you have done something gentle to a girl and you don't like her just say NO SIMP
In order to ease social distancing force half the population to inverse their sleep schedule.
Start using Cofffeee instead of Coffee for no reason, wait until general confusion outbreaks
A just dance-like game but for sex
Genetically modify grass to only grow to a desired height before stopping.
Dont BUY a Website. I will Create 1 for YOU. FREE of charge.
When climate change raises the water level, we should declare Antarctica a country and have it own all water that used to be ice or land.
Caprisun should also make cans of Caprisun
If one billion people got together, saved 1 dollar a day for a year. World hunger (among other problems) would be solved overnight.
Costco and Walmart should tell the hoarders and flippers lining up outside their stores to fuck off and go home so ordinary people actually have a chance to buy stuff
A word or phrase available for citizens to use to alert cops of their desire for a nonviolent conversation, like a parley
Have a service where you can buy a Reddit bot that’ll reply to all posts and comments of users that you specify
Reverse 9/11
What about cancelling this account ?
A bar where all workers look and act like a celebrity. It can be any celebrity from any time. They stay in character, and interact with whatever other 'celebrities' are employed/working at the time.
3 business ideas
Change voting in the US to make it happen on paper, then have a comedian read out the votes on a twitch live stream.
Monster M*A*S*H. It's the show M*A*S*H but with monsters.
Food trucks should drive around neighborhoods like ice cream trucks.
Let's just replace cars and roads with conveyor belts which go at different speeds and if we want, we can run on them to go faster.
Fit a breath alcohol machine in car.
New cars should have the speed limit built in
Since laughter is the best medicine, rename the World Health Organization every year for the next 5 so it can have all the question acronyms.
Put on your job resume that you are qualified to do every possible thing and give examples of tv shows you've watched those things
Have the French and American Presidents swap roles for a month.
If you're talking to a stubborn friend about politics and you know they're going to support their chosen politician regardless of what they do, instead, tell them that the opposing politician did the thing that you're trying to pose as bad. Then, when they see it as bad, reveal who actually did it.
Inception 2: Mal's revenge
The ‘Don’t f**k with cats’ guys regroup to solve the disappearance of Carol Baskin’s husband
Switch the "neutral" gender pronoun every half century
whoever gets to a traffic light first gets the green right away, and the others have to wait until they've crossed, after which they get to cross
Introverts are our best untapped source of organs cause they're too polite to say no!
Drug dealers of reddit is there an inflation of clients due to boredom and self isolation from covid19 or is everyone actually scared?
Bernie Sanders should get a Bernese mountain dog so we can call it Bernie’s mountain dog.
A homeless guy pushing around a food cart reselling mcdonald's food for a $1 convenience fee as you can buy it at normal begging locations
A service where you tell a neutral person what opinion or viewpoint you can't understand (flat earth, anti abortion, political discussions...), They research the subject and try to explain to you this viewpoint.
Know your audience
A biopic about Donald Trump directed by Wes Anderson with Owen Wilson playing Trump, but Owen Wilson just acts as himself.
A musical about a group of men and women trying to figure out how they got stuck in a weird town that seems to take place in 1977.
If the Avengers would've spilled peanut butter on the Infinity Gauntlet and let Thanos wear it, he probably wouldn't have been able to snap his fingers.
Reinvest you’re Covid-19 relief money in the stock market.
˙ɐᴉlɐɹʇsn∀ oʇ ɟɟo pǝddᴉɥs plnoɥs ʎǝɥʇ uǝɥʇ 'ǝǝɹɟ ɹoɟ ʎʇᴉunɯɯoɔ ƃuᴉpunoɹɹns ǝɥʇ oʇ pǝʇnqᴉɹʇsᴉpǝɹ ʎlǝʇɐᴉpǝɯɯᴉ puɐ pǝzᴉǝs llɐ ʇᴉ ǝʌɐɥ plnoɥs 'ʎɔuǝƃɹǝɯǝ ɟo sǝɯᴉʇ ƃuᴉɹnp ʇᴉɟoɹd ʞɔᴉnb ɹoɟ llǝsǝɹ oʇ sǝᴉlddns lɐɔᴉʇᴉɹɔ ƃuᴉpɹɐoɥ ʇɥƃnɐɔ ǝuoʎu∀
An app called "TimeOfDeath" - You would opt in, and then when the Dr announces you die, the app pops your face and bio on the top of the news feed
The Olympics of Fisting
A section for free apps with NO IN-APP PURCHASES in the app store. Or you know, just ban the practice of hidden subscription payments, other fees, and email grabbing all together?
Ads, but in tombstones
Shut down all atomic/Caesium based clocks for one week.
Can a Mosquito repellent Liquid Vaporizer make you high!!??
Some famous person should make a video and later sell an iconic prop used for the production for a way higher price than they bought it
Shaving my (bleach-white) head bald and going to anti-BLM protests and blending in while sucker punching a cowardly, racist piece of trash human being at every opportunity.
A "Marco Polo" app where you scream "Marco" when you lose your phone and it screams back "Polo" so you can find it.
Start a go fund me for everyone who wants to go open up and go back to work right now. Put them on a cruise ship, working and partying. See what happens in three weeks.
Turn all supermarkets parking spots into online order parking spots. Turn all employees into online shoppers
A YouTube channel where someone takes donations and records themselves giving the money to people in need.
A new president can reinstate the sentence sentence of someone pardoned by the previous president.
A car air freshener that smells like weed
Make a law holding every company responsible for recycling any products or packaging they sell. They must accept anything they sell back to be reused or recycled at no cost.
My unbelievable new product "See Stubble Leave!"
Place all Karens in a single place then monitor their behavior
A waterbed that doubles as a giant wine cooler
When shit really hits the fan that means the person is really in deep shit quiet literally
Have a streaming service with only movies currently in theater
When batman asks superman "do you bleed" he may be asking superman about monthly period because although he looks like a male he is still an alien and if he would have said yes than batman could have made a pun but now the world will never know.
Uber should partner with a water bottle company and give their most active drivers branded coolers and unlimited bottles for the riders.
Make a house 100% plastic, so it's cheap, and never rots or rusts
Tit for tat
A country where the entire population votes for legislation every week on an app.
have a battery powered phone charger installed in your ass so when someone wants to charge theirs you can suggest they do a butt plug
Go to a public Nazi gathering dressed as Indiana Jones
If everyone took a gulp of air at once, there would be an air shortage for a while
Create a spy movie where the villain is named "Doctor Peepeepoopoo" and if any of the actors that play his henchman laugh while saying his name, kill their character
Put glass windows on the sides of fridge doors so we can see the light go off.
Every TV should do a system check before it turns completely on, and it should tell you if/what is wrong with the box, remote, or monitor so you don’t have to waste money on a professional to diagnose what the possible damages are
Change election day to April 15. Attach the ballot to the 1040. Same for state and local taxes with sttate and local elections.
Fake a bible quote to see if christians believe and turn against major political party.
Wallet card updated quarterly from your doctor, a card that shows at a quick glance what STDs you have or don't have, handy to show to romantic partner so they trust you when you say you have no VDs. Or whatever your case may be.
Alan's revenge an R rates two and a half men spinoff
Using a history of unhinged reddit posts and comments as a way to lay the ground work for acquittal due to lack of mental capacity in upcoming large scale financial crime
Release a song that ends with "ok Google, hey Siri, Alexa, play &lt;song name&gt; again" to get more plays
Sundae-Fries
Workers in Amazon packaging facilities kept their base wage, and earned a commission/tip for every package done past a certain number. That would increase their earnings and create a better work environment.
Sleeves that wrap around your horses legs to prevent from snake bites
February 29th should be a leap day of the week also. E.g. Monday, Tuesday, leapday, Wednesday, Thursday.
If you’re facing multiple criminal indictments, and you happen to be the leader of your country, fake a severe illness so you can cede power to your VP, in order to get a pardon, before you’re voted out.
Genetically engineer all future humans to be tiny to save on energy and resource consumption. Keep a small number of 'giants' around for when that's handy
Streaming services should have a ‘night mode’ where you can stream a video on the TV and stream the audio through your headphones.
Cell phone dome, a clear soundproof shell for tge passenger so that 2 people can talk on the phone in a car at the same time
MMA tickle-cage fighting. It's like regular MMA, except everyone in the audience has really long feather dusters with those long extended handles, and is sticking them through the cage trying to tickle the fighters while they're fighting.
Women should be allowed to use the jacuzzi for as long as they want
A platform for getting paid for yard signs
Owners of Reddit, you do not need to be afraid of losing the support that China has invested in this platform. If you drop them completely, we will still be here, and we will support you more than ever. This platform is extremely important to us and we will fight to protect it. We need you.
A TV show where one actor is given a character, but not told any of the scenes, scripts, or story arcs. They are thrown onto set and must react as their character would.
Throw your favourite vase in the air to test whether gravity is real
Kids/teens should be allowed to vote. (read the text)
We should make classes in 12th grade designed to narrow down career options.
Most traffic discussions are due to the lack of propper comunication. If cars had a scrolling led display on the back, and a keyboard with pre-written messages, drivers could say "sorry" or "excuse me", more often. Perhaps reducing the number of arguments and stressed out people.
The museum of idiocy
Blackstreet should do a remake called “Coviddity” and donate the money to BLM
A subreddit where redditors say what kink(s) they have, and others try to analyze what made them have said kink(s)
Some sort of pluming system that recycles your sink and bath water to the toilet. You don't need to drop the kids off in a clean pool.
ice cubes you use to heat things up. theyre ice on the outside, boiling water inside. careful how long you hold them or youll get frozen then burned.
A sandwich press that can convert into a jaffle maker, or can do 1/2-1/2 so you can have a single appliance for two kinds of toasties
Socks should be sold in threes rather than pairs.
Shut down all social media until COVID19 recedes.
Send all the people who don’t care about COVID to Alaska so they can get each other sick without endangering the rest of us
Augmented mirrors with facial recognition to apply filters to, say, tryout new makeup or hairstyle ideas. (Has to exist)
Put “mileage” meter on monitors. My 20 year old dell flat monitor just got its first pixel column of discolor. My heart. So many good memories. Many thanks old friend...
Water on Mars, melt ice and drink to live there
Reddit coins
Like a Furby, except Baby Yoda
Might not belong here but I was thinking
Invent a machine that removes the insides of French fries for the best mashed potatoes ever
Imagine a real species of cat girls exists who mate with male humans to give birth to further cat girls and increase their population. The rest of their lifestyle is similar to that of female humans who raise their female children.
A secret society that exists for no other reason than to deny its own existence, to troll conspiracy theorists.
A true world funded fact checker with research to back.
Acer Aspire E15 E5-576
SAND TIRES
Relatives of deceased COVID-19 victims should stage counterprotests at state capitols, holding up photos of their loved ones.
Stores should play offensive stereotypical sounds when customers walk in, such as gongs for Asians
Have the operational negotiator in a sales/client conference call fake a seizure mid-call to elicit sympathy in the other party, then have that negotiator’s supervisor take over talks from there. You can pull this stunt only once with that client and said faker can’t be on any calls in the future.
A cooking competition TV show but the stoves they use are electric.
Photo apps should detect when a subject is closer than 6ft and refuse to take the shot.
Shoot 2 identical movies. Same dialog, same action, same actors. Except in one the protagonist is male, and the other female.
Game show where 10 mentally healthy people are trapped with 10 other mentally insane people in an asylum. Psychologists will be invited om the show to guess which ones are actually insane. The more you get correct the larger sum of money you win.
A man made island for the top elites of the world with no income tax.
Since male nipples are SFW we can just censor female nipples with em.
Driver’s licenses should include your cell number so someone can call you if/when you lose your wallet
A movie rating site that rates each value individually - plot, action, morals, etc
Somebody work with USPS to develop an official package tracking app which USPS could sell to bring some money in.
**COMPOUND V ON PLANTS**
Have elected officials vote in alphabetical order, but stop once the votes no longer matter.
Start WW3 so our few surviving descendants don’t only have to play a bunch of rehashed WW2 games
Material Synthesizers Using Particle Accelerators.
What if every time you felt a sharp pain or out of it that means you were just harmed there or died in an alternate reality?
Wair – the name for a hypothetical substance with the properties of both water and air, depending on which creature you ask.
I think we are in someone’s plague inc game, with the corona virus infecting and killing us .
There should be a coffin that lets in your live pets to devour you
Join a Big Pharma conspiracy group but keep referring to it as Big Farmer. See if they correct you
government that minds its own business and leaves people the hell alone whenever possible
All nonviolent crimes should get community service time.
You should be able to see your dislikes or downvotes, as you can see your likes, hearts or upvotes
To balance out the ambiguity created by "they"/"them" becoming acceptable in the singular, everyone should start consistently using "y'all" for second person plural.
People who have Corona virus and go outside should get Arrested for attempt murder
Learn to manipulate time. Spend a year learning how to play songs of a specific decade. Go back to the previous decade and release those songs in an unheard of band. Watch the chaos of going back to the original decade as artists get in fights over intellectual property rights
Open up a man cave franchise where your members can hangout smoke cigars and drink if they bring their own goods
TV with two volume controls. One works normally withen the range set by the other one. The other one sets the maximum volume or how loud the TV can get.
Toilet paper made from repurposed semen loads
Video tours of empty abandoned largest cruise ship in the world by one of the last crew members onboard??
A reality show that puts 20 in a house and has them do in-person team building exercises. One person secretly has COVID and the last one to get it is the winner.
A normal reply to "Go Back To Your Country!" from a white American should be "Go Back To Europe!" as they aren't like the native Navajo Indians.
Magnet 3D printer, it moves along a z axis changing shape so iron filings dropped into each level settle in the pattern of the magnetic field, before moving up a level the filings are melted uniformly in a controlled way, but it's timed so the next level will bond to the one below.
When you look at any movie on any streaming service, it tells you the exact date it expires from there.
If time travel ever becomes possible, make a show in the past that parodies future events and see how long it takes for people to notice it was written by time travelers
A microwave for clothes in which you can put your sweater and socks and in few seconds they are as toasty and fresh as from a dryer without wasting so much electricity.
For X days speak with your roommate/spouse only using quotes from Harry Potter book saga
Why is there a health bar in the sky?
What if we could actually store WiFi in a “WiFi Bank” just like we do with portable chargers?
An app for people with depression to start becoming more healthy and mentally well
McDonald’s should come out with a pork sandwich and call it the Pig Mac.
Keep trick-or-treating until 3 in the morning
adblocker blocking the cookie popup that the european union threatens websites who dont put it in
To get the grammar Nazis off of social media, get rid of “your” and “you’re”, and instead replace them with “yore”, which can be used in both instances
What do you think Bruce Lee’s batting average would have been if he played baseball?
Ass recognition technology
Bridge made of magnets
Tom Steyer and other like minded rich people should create their own kind of stimulus package where they give every person 18-35 years old $1000 just for voting in the presidential race and another $1000 if they vote in the local elections.
Games that have long intros that you can’t skip should let you skip them. Example: Skyrim
The Penny Tax
In becoming a billionaire, at $999,999,999 you recieve a government-awarded "you win capitalism!" trophy and every cent earned after that one billionth dollar goes to charity in order to prevent an overabundance of wealth.
The government makes a special arena where people on death row fight tk the death and the winner gets to be set free
A special dirty dish cupboard next to the sink you could store dirty dishes in a manner that doesn't look dirty and keeps the sink fully functional.
Congress should stage a “Hunger Games” style Battle Royale every four years where all of our senators battle to the death. The winning pair become the new president + veep and each state elects two new senators.
SCP 2d fighting game
A “Home Alone” style escape room were instead of completing puzzles to escape, you and your friends have to use the various house hold items to keep 2 burglars out, with extra tools dropped in when existing items are made into the correct weapons like a bra-slingshot etc.
Horror remake of Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory
A new social media site, where only bots are allowed to post and comment. Before any post, you have to fail at a human test.
Kim Jong-un sent N Korean agents to Wuhan to steal Coronavirus samples to get back at S Korea, agent failed mission and instead inadvertently spread the virus as he made his way back, dying before ever making it back to N Korea
tax cigarettes more than weed
To Catch A Predator, but replace Chris Hansen with Chef Ramsey
Since the rest of this year Premier League is unlikely to be played and people can’t decide whether the title should be given to Liverpool or the whole season should be canceled, how about canceling the season AND giving Liverpool a special edition of the cup that is 76.32% the size of the original?
A dating website where you submit a DNA sample and are set up with someone who compliments you genetically, so you're naturally attracted to each otherLearn to repair computers, move to small (but not to small) town-Village and repair computers there, for 1.5 the Prince you would in the city. Profit
Add a third earbud so you can hear the music in 3D
Instead of using random seed words assigned to you to secure your wallet, you can instead opt to create a MadLib using those words in sentences generated from AI algorithms trained (and being trained) in grammatical synthesis.
An inverse donut
Donuts that have coffee inside them, so you don't need to order coffee
self-checkout kiosks and walmart and other retailers should apply a "beautify" filter to the security screen so at least you look good when you see your pathetic self on the security screen
The ability to “puppify” older dogs that were adopted later on in life, either in a drawing or an app filter.
Continue the Game of Thrones series, but, have it be non-stop filler episodes until the next book comes out
We should remove the President's ability to pardon individuals, and leave that to Congress—which they can already do.
All Politicians and lobbyists are banned from Twitter
Significant financial incentive for whistleblowers?
If identical twins received the same education and got a well paying job together, one could take a month off while the other took a vacation. And then switch.
They should make a noise cancelling shoe that listens to the sound the wearer is making with each step and broadcasts a counter-signal to effectively allow someone to walk completely silently.
Twitch plays the POTUS
A reddit client that replaces gold/awards with sending money straight to someone’s venmo
With all this AI tech, a system that detects a crash with a pedestrian and automatically lowers the vehicle to prevent someone being run over.
Use AI to prevent guns from being in schools, movie Theaters etc
Excre-Mints
Start a podcast with a friend, and your names are Juan Fodamoney and Topher DaShow
help me create a better phonetic alphabet, I will begin with A - Anaesthesiologist
Make a law that allows people to sue for upwards of $10000 if an Entitled parent is caught abusing them on camera. No court case, just swift, brutal justice.
A Chinese Food delivery service that works just like a Chinese restaurant: first the soup comes, then five minutes later the egg rolls get delivered, then ten minutes later the doorbell rings and here comes the rest of it.
In dreams, you just sorta jump into things without realizing anything is wrong or different--what if people isolate that experience (whatever chemical/electrical signal it needs) and use it for entertainment like video games and movies
I'll bet moving companies hate Star Trek. Because the moment we have transporters they're all out of business
Bring back pogs, but instead of them depicting things contemporarily relevant, they're depictions of everything that's ever existed or been conceived of, and there's only one copy of each.
Cars that use your drivers license as its key and uses apples face id tech to verify it is you or others allowed is driving the car. Becomes disabled if an unauthorized user uses the car or if your license is expired. Sends notification to your phone and pings its location.
pass a law requiring all departments of transportation to get voter approval of all road transformations like adding a pay only lane on a freeway or adding stop lights to a freeway entrance
We should all learn sign language right now
All governments should send out scam emails to all people regularly, when they get responses send a follow up explaining it's a scam, how to recognise the scams and the dangers of misinformation online.
Large film companies should upload videos of audition tapes to a video streaming platform so they can have feedback from everyone on what the actor is missing or needs.
If a video blog is called a vlog, why isnt a video meme called a veme?
Like hair colour but you can temporarily dye your skin
Boycott daylight savings and change your clocks to how they are meant to be
IKEA should trick people into getting lost during April Fool’s Day.
We could collectively shit at the same time
Americans should sent Trump a postcard that he lost. We would support the Post office and perhaps he would get the memo he actually lost!
A TV show with Adam Savage and Alton Brown where Savage invents crazy "unitasker" kitchen items and Brown has to not only cook with them but find other uses for each item. At the end of the show, Savage reveals what he originally designed the "unitasker" for.
every phone should at least have a setting to shut off the phone at 10% so the last 10% of battery can be used for emergencies. Like if you turn on your phone during the last 10% it will just have an emergency button in the corner
Hide all the emojies you don't use.
Support the idea of Injections of disinfectant to kill of Trump supporters.
What would you think about the creation of a spinoff show to Breaking Bad, where it follows the same storylines, but from Walt Jr's perspective, -- BUT the actor must perform all of his scenes completley nude and fully erect?
Everyone would be healthy if they couldn’t taste.
World leaders should be sacrificed after they leave office
Gut bacteria from different places in the world in pill form, so when you travel to that place it's a smaller chance to contract food poisoning or getting a bad reaction from the local cuisine.
A dating site for unemployed people
Browser extension that sets Bings safesearch to off automatically every time in incognito mode.
There should be an only elderly section for the supermarket or at least a “3 of each item policy” to stop hoarding.
Easy Breathe Face masks that only filter air on the way out, so the people complaining about not being able to breathe can die while infecting less people.
Election debates should include a broad topic debate, where each party selects a leader on party-policy and debates about ideology.
Pour water on anyone not wearing a mask in public.
Mount Rushmore should have every Presidents face carved into it
In November, spread rumors in red states that voting booths have tested positive for Coronavirus. Fight Russian misinformation with our own.
We all acknowledge we're shit at being humans and start fresh
Hotels should give colored towels based on the number of guests per room, so people do not second guess which towel they use and overall towel use is lowered.
The government should tell anti-maskers that they don't have to wear a mask if they don't want to. That way, they'll get the coronavirus and maybe change their minds.
A Live Action Dragon Ball show but with a twist
Since everyone googled why is my pee red,we should google at January 1 2021 4:00 PM GMT “how is 2020 over”
TV show where a man wakes up from stasis on a space ship.
A communal app that shows a map of all gas stations that show ads while you pump gas so we all know where to not go.
Hear me out: Promote Trump's reelection on social media as a forgone conclusion in order to garner opposition votes
Toilets with a garbage disposal switch
Instead of tear gas, spray rioters with some concoction of THC.
Instead of donating to organizations that focus on recovery, people should donate to organizations that focus on prevention.
Lego Minecraft Biomes
Implement road rules for shopping carts inside stores
Are the extreme left and extreme right mentally ill????
Get rich and buy the $1000 lego sets
onlyfans but its a store that sells only fans.
American football, but mixed with gladiatorial combat
Everyone who says any variation of "COVID-19 is the flu/not dangerous." should be required to be infected with COVID-19
Why hasn't an American tried to replicate the Russian silver fox domestication experiment, but with raccoons?
Can you Make Art with A.I? (Artificial Intelligence)
If there is less than a 50% turnout for a presidential election then there must be a re-vote as over 50% of the nation has spoken and chosen not to vote on the options given
Beg a billionaire to fund a fleet of drones to surveil urban police since their body-cams are always falling off
Kevin Smith should film a documentary on grocery clerks--the unsung heroes of the American pandemic
They should make a David Bowie biopic. In this biopic we have a scene where Under Pressure is being made and Rami Malek reprises his role as Freddy Mercury. This, of course, will be the first step in building... the biopic cinematic universe!
Write an AI that runs on a Raspberry Pi, learns how play games, and posts videos of itself playing games on YouTube. Call it PewDiePi.
A place weary travelers can stop and purchase temporary living quarters for a night or two. This provides them an opportunity to relax and "recharge", so to speak.
League of Leagues - Professional sports league where the teams switch between many different sports
Modern Mystery solved
Press diamonds out of the ash in Australia to finance the rebuilding.
Let’s bring back the cape!
Betty White should make a Porno for charity.
A transportation and blowjob service called The Suck You Bus.
A page where you can send message/react to country specific community!
Everybody report "promoted posts" (ads) as spam.
Track everyone who hoarded toilet paper, hand sanitizers and Lysol in bulk through card purchase histories and make them donate everything in excess to those in need.
China should respond to pro-democracy protests with “The PRC isn’t a democracy, it’s a Republic!”
Fictional heart transplant applicable in real life
Adding martial arts XMA katas and poledancing to the Olympics.
Bring back they days in video games where once you beat the final boss you just get a black screen with white text that says "Congrabulation, a winner is you!"
Help people enjoy their quaran-times by spiking your local municipal water supply with a few gallons of liquid LSDCover the last mat of a gymnast's routine with mouse traps
worlds richest and poorest person in a room without an camera for whole month without any of the resources or connections from their regular lives.
It should be possible to create a series of machines, disguised as homeless' shopping carts, which are places on freeway overpasses, and scan the cars below for political stickers (or fucking flags!?) and to drop a pile of shit directly on the roof of people who drive by that you disagree with
Karma can be converted into money
We should make another r/place-like subreddit
When reddit shadow bans a user, they should randomly generate scores on their comments and posts, so the user doesn't expect anything
We evolved into the species we are because of some asswipe masturbating
Point at a random table in a restaurant and say it is their birthday to make them do the uncomfortable birthday song thing and get out of there.
A celebrity should open an OnlyFans account and put exactly what they tweet behind $20 locked posts and see how many people fall for it.
A body suit made of magnets and a room with the walls, the ceiling and the floor with magnets to experience no gravity!
Cart-reading units should moan when inserting a card
Put a light on the end of your penis so that when you pop a boner you can use it as a flash light?
A skip button on Netflix that lasts for the entire duration of the opening credits and not 3.4 Seconds.
Allow women to optionally charge tax on sex, but its not whoring since their price is still $0+tax, and they get to choose which charity that tax goes to.
a wild bird vending machine. birds come; n for the food, get trapped, and people who want to free them put in a quarter which pays for the bird food and lets one bird out.
How To Play Among Us Without Buying It On Stream Google Play Or Apple Store
Play Monopoly with the Clue pieces
Make a sorting function for Reddit which sorts posts randomly, and each time you refresh, it shuffles them again.
On April Fool's Day, Spotify should make every song on their app Never Gonna Give You Up for that one day only.
For the special Olympics they should have blind person NASCAR
Provide gym equipment to prisons that generate electricity to help power the facility.....
A weapon that combines aerosol contact cement and glitter.
a filter option in reddit to stop seeing posts from external sites such as twitter
In an effort to put an end to dozens of construction projects going on around town at once, we need ALL available construction workers to move from one job to another and completely plow through projects in unison
A short where two kids are playing house and it gradually ends in a pretend failed marriage and all sorts of domestic drama.
Elimination based democracy
Vote For Who You Want (new voting system for president)
The slogan for Luck Charms should be “They’re Magically Nutritious!”
A smart bluetooth subwoofer that syncs with your music for enhanced bass frequency
Political leaders selected from minorities until all demographics have been proportionally represented.
uhhhhhh big yogurt cup
Reddit should implement a system where users on a subreddit can vote to override mod’s decisions
socks
A glove with skin like texture that can be worn all day so our hands don't get dry from constant sanitizing and washing
A button or combination of taps to collapse a threadA smart mirror so you can get ready in the morning, see the clock, watch a video, etc...
Store enough money in the usa tax budget to buy the whole country
My new gardening tool The Shrub-Machine Gun
MASS PROTESTS: Everyone drops their health insurance, refuse to pay ANY medical bills, and signs a petition demanding free healthcare for all that the white house will have to respond to.
White people not being extra for internet clout
We should all just collectively donate Australia to be a multi-century experiment country to test out various different styles of governance and economic policy one at a time!
A company where people hire Tattoo Planners to help them plan their tattoos' development.
Carbonated bidet water
Mr beast should donate to wikipedia but pay double what you give
Turn decommissioned tunnels into homeless shelters.
Karma Pyramid Schemego on strike, not eating at any restaurant until those restaurants replace the image of their founder with one of him picking his nose
Someone should parody the song 'Squirrels In My Pants' from Phineas and Ferb and make it about simps
If you run a beauty product company with a variety of scented products, make a scratch &amp; sniff card instead of an expensive sampler pack, that you can mail to people cheaply so they can decide which scent they like.
Joe Biden should run with Obama in 2020 as his VP, then resign the presidency so Obama can assume it.
Saying everything you read out loud in jeremy clarckson’s voice. Abysmally amusing.
An operating system that could make everything go to dark mode.
All Billionaires should donate 1% of their net worth to a non-profit as a grand-gesture that pays for basic necessities of the currently unemployed until this Covid+economic crisis blows over.
A TV show were people compete to come up with the dumbest ideas, and the winning idea gets implemented.
A test for any human that wants to keep a pet
Start preaching Social Distancing like they do in Sex Ed: "When you're within 6 feet of someone, you're touching everyone they've been in contact with over the past two weeks."
Dance Study (Worldwide, 10+) https://r.jyu.fi/DBO
Yes yes #notallmen
A gay strip club called The Battle of Manasses
Warm air balloon that makes you float like 9 feet
Reddit App gives too many notifications. Make these opt-in, and less people will delete the app.
A children's show called "The Little Sea Stars", about little sea star sisters.
Instagram should lock out users in the early morning based on location until a significant amount of time for thinking has passed
Start a modern day Zeppelin company, but this time use non-flammable gas.
We can use advanced technology to create a crimeproof society, where criminals can do whatever they want and nobody is actually harmed.
Start a book club where a bunch of people all read a different page of a book, then in order, quickly summarize what happened on their page to the rest of a group
Someone should create a choreography for "Happy birthday" so we shouldn't have to grin awkwardly and wonder what to do when it's sang to us.
An idea. A customisable, annual book from Reddit, containing your favourite threads, inclusive of all comments.
Twinkies filled with smegma
LoFi + Coffee = Stonks
How should I die?
For Jeff Bezos’ 10,000 year clock: keep everyone waiting 1000 years for the cuckoo marking the first millennium, unveil Rick-roll of the millennium.
What if once a year the there is an NFL game where the Defence and the offense swapped. So the Defence was playing offense and vise versa?
An anti-Vaccine Vaccine that negates the so called "Bad effects" of Vaccines like "Autism"
New TV series. "Touched by an Angel" meets "Saw"
Live action Iron Giant remake, similar to Lion King style.
Museums with restoraunts serving food with historical recipies and ingredients.
Social media that doesn't show your followers or how many likes your post got
Reddit should put on a Science Fair
A stand-up comedy podcast
A legit MMA promotion like the UFC but opponents have sex before and after the match and talk about it.
Food eating MMORPG.
Everyone learn sign language so we can easily communicate with masks on while keeping a safe distance apart.
A reset to factory settings button pressed with a cotton swab in the ear.
Since everyone is stuck at home, we should start the masturbating Olympics. This olympics will have events like seeing who can shoot their sperm the farthest (like shotput/discus) among other events.
In a new car with different drive modes. When you select sport mode a picture of an angry Greta Thunberg appears on your screen, when you choose eco mode you get happy Greta.
Reddit feature: If you upvote a repost, the original post gets an upvote, too.
Chocolate advent calendars for months other than December
We should broadcast regular footage of hospitals and the impact COVID is currently having upon them, on the local/regional/national/global level.
Maximum Security University
Using lab grown meat to create human meat to lower the amount of cows
How To Create Hacking Laptop...?
Slowly change common words and phrases into alternate curse words that are WAY WORSE than what they represent. Keep adding to the list. Now almost every words is a bad word and people will see how stupid/impossible the concept of censorship is
Have a boxing match in the middle of a flight, but don't tell anyone else before you start
Opinion pieces in major newspapers, news outlets and websites should be written in comic sans.
A Hitler Biography with Steve Carell, where he basically plays Hitler like Michael Scott
Cooking spice labels that identify the spice all the way around.
A James Bond movie where he's not a spy, but a whistleblower
HOME ALONE remake. But instead of Chicago, it takes place in the JEDI TEMPLE, and the kid is a Jedi Youngling using the force and his wits to survive Order 66 and a few idiot Clone Troopers until Obi-Wan and Yoda show up.
Require construction cameras at each city road works site.
A bar of soap that dissolves in your ass
Instead of a COVID vaccine mandate, the US should allow vaccine refusers in exchange for mandatory 2-week tests.
Imagine having a device used to translate / share feelings
A lawnmower that uses laser beams to cut the grass
If everyone on r/memes posted memes simultaneously at designated times. We can get rid of reposts and more people's memes will be see by more people.
A Subreddit for perfect, no context, photos to “Airdrop” to strangers.
A subreddit where people describe in a no-bullshit manner what their job is and EXACTLY what it's life
To discourage reposts, how about giving people rekarma for popular reposts, and karma for popular OC?
What if TikTok DID Shutdown, but they made a New website with the same name, but they sell chinese clocks.
Sell houses at crazy low prices but the catch is that you’ve used lead paint, asbestos, and very splintery wood. Your catchphrase is “probably the last home you’ll need”
coat small toys in poison to dissuade young children from eating them
Google Maps and Apple Maps should send their Street View and Look Around vehicles now to locked down cities so future generations can see how empty streets of major cities like New York or Washington DC looked like in 2020.
Some fashion/clothing company has to make cloaks fashionable again. They’re cool and effective!
Chairs in the bath tub because standing is such a bitch.
Put morbidly obese people in a comatose state for a month at the hospital, only giving them water and nessary supplements but no food. Boom: 30 days of fasting and lots of weight loss.
The movie rating system that indicates if it's to watch it while eating. Some movies with excessive violence or yucky pictures spoil the meal.
Have the toilet seat in the men’s room be spring loaded so it slowly rises up when no one is sitting on it
Interplanetary water cannon
create a dating app where your only choices are CIS-Male or CIS-Female. Call it "Cistr"
Bars should have a "Corona Virus" special where Corona beers are $2 all day to promote business.
Jim Beam should start a line of top-shelf whiskey called James Beam
Roller ski
Everyone should have 3 chances to do crimes of up to 5 years in prison with no consequences.
A pickle company called "The Fickle Pickle" where the jars are a solid color and the type of veggie (or egg) being pickled isn't labeled, changing often.
Lead a workout session for people waiting in line to vote
A store that only sells stuff that people barely use but seem to always need like extra pawns, batteries and pencils
Single curated piece of reddit content based on your entire upvote history.
Re-record AC/DC's Back in Black with a Bon Scott soundalike providing vocals and original melodies
everyone stop being an asshole so we dont need laws anymore
Ilunar Water-Ship
Reddit should highlight the users that you are following a certain color in posts and comments.
Use vacuum cleaner to milk cows
Since at least half the ideas posted are completely reasonable. Can there be a sub-subfilter for crazy/not crazy thinking ? Stay insane folks !
No more in-game advertisement: Make more in-ad games instead!
A show like COPS or LivePD that shows LEOs acting a fool from the civilian point of view.
Have pop up ads print out of peoples printers randomly throughout the day.
Have more than 1 show called "the presidential debate" and more than 1 debate, so if some shows dont let in the right people or use crappy rules you watch the others instead, and some of them dont even have the 2 main guys
Get Taylor Swift To Run for President!
(USA) Scrub the patina off the statue of liberty and let it eeform
Lorf
With enough down votes in r/interestingasfuck, the post will automatically be sent to r/mildlyinteresting.
what if we all pooped at once. And raised carbon emissions instantly.
Given its rapid spread, maybe they should call it the Short Story Coronavirus.
Dic pic filters
Put an electronic lock on the overhead bins on airlines so people can't take their luggage with them during airplane evacuations.
Be the first person to make a real AI assistant just to call it any normal name that isn't JARVIS to troll the entire Marvel fanbase.
Ads that match the tone of the playlists you are listening to.
A super stupid AI to make us all feel better about ourselves.
Planning a funeral on a budget? Introducing: UberHearse
Call of duty should look at all the blown up vehicles and ammunition that has been shot and tally up the theoretical cost against the US military budget in real life.
NATO should kick out the US and Canada and become NEATO
Everyone should eat a ton of garlic in their diet right now. Then if you're outside and you smell garlic, you know you're too close.
A poster of the muller-lyer illusion, but the lines are actually different
Wallets should have an alarm system so when it detects that it isn't on its original place, It would sonic boom and alarm everyone with in 80 meters
Boston University Student Startup Company Designing Self-Cleaning Toilet Seat. (ALL WELCOME)
Next POTUS declares war on Nazis. All Nazis now enemy combatants who can be killed on sight or sent to Guantanamo.
Power transmission companies should design their lines to accommodate vehicles on their lines for transportation
if a traffic camera catches someone running the red light, the light turns blue like police lights
Stores should refuse service to white nationalists and the like.
Have McDonald's give a discount of 50% off to anyone surnamed McDonald.
Give awards to people who vote/comment by New.
An alarm clock which says “candyman” when alarm goes on
There should be a crappy reality show where it's all the shlumpy people who said "No" to the great philosophical question, "So You Think You Can Dance?"
nwordcountbot should give a "nibba" count
Set aside a portion of taxpayer money for "public benefit awards", money to be given to people or non-profit organization that people say helped them.
Reddit posts should have a minute length or word count that you can see before you click
Alright, hear me out. Highest bidder gets to be President for the next four years.
No more for profit politics... only natural born Americans that have duty to serve like jury duty draft picked. Only paid living expenses w/health ins. while actively seated. Money earned performance bonus on exit based on accomplishments.
An app that matches you up with someone with the opposite political view as you to cancel each others votes out, and therefore not have to go and vote.
Last person who get up in the bus has to drive it until next stop, where the last person of that stop who get up in the bus will have to drive and so on...
Save the planet, eradicate Republicans
An hentai isekai
We establish neo-colonialism but with no violence. To annex a country you have to make 66% of it's population move inside your borders.
"Inside Out" but with chakras instead of emotions.
A band called Schifty Schiff and the Do Nothing Democrats
A Sweeney Todd remake except Sweeney Todd is now gender swapped and a tattoo artist
Millhouse's long lost brother, Milllevy
please read
Instead of plain white masks, brands and designers all over should start making their own. That way wearing a mask is a fashion statement, making all ages want to wear them.
Light switches should glow in the dark so you can find them in the middle of the night
Problem of flushing clean/drinking water in the toilets
A new Media platform that does weekly videos about correcting misinformation that’s been spread that week.
A website called “the chair.com” or whatever. And it’s literally just a picture of a chair, but the website looks like it sells chairs. But in fact it doesn’t. It’s just something weird and artsy.
Reddit needs an “engagement mode”
A crazy article about the Indiana Pacers. Crazy idea to even go into the facility.
No 2 government employees who hold political office can be of the same political party. That'll fix the 2 party system.
Straightorade (because you don't have to be gay to be thirsty)
Fake explosive phones
Make an AI write a poem.
Start selling a "Smart Watch Pro Plus," just a circular tablet the size of a wall clock that you wear around your neck like Flava Flav.Someone ask Kanye why he is running for president if he is a Trump supporter
A map that visualized the trash around earth like constellations of garbage so we make the problem visible for everyone.
What if baby humans were made the same way you made baby carrots
Fashionable, stylish hazmat suits to look good while staying safe from the coronavirus
A Trumple ($750)
A Moh's Hardness Scale Tool Pen for testing materials on the go while having a handy writing implement.
Make Michael bay direct a Just cause movie
Twitch DMCA takedowns are about server space
No more voting on reddit
Getchu some FIZZ ASSIST
Sell meat from pests that must be killed to protect vegetable farms, as a vegan alternative to regular meat.
Forbid ALL kind of product packages (unless absolutely necessary for transport or because of hygienic/health reasons)
Procedurally-generated freeform jazz
A restaurant where the food comes in separate containers and is dispensed out in proportion so everything stays the right level of delicious. E.g. something that meters the cereal so you don't get any soggy pieces.
"hug me" app for people to meet for a hug
Get a job as a Sign Language Interpreter for a politician and just make the "jacking off" motion when they start talking.
Use deepfake to replace face of Hitler with face of Trump in that famous bunker scene and place subtitles about Trump being in denial about election results
Change the word for anal to assassination but pronounced as ass-assination.
If I fall asleep while listening to a podcast my Fitbit should detect that and turn off my headphones
In the next 500 page bill that the house of representatives votes on we should slip in one page that says a bunch of random bullshit and see how long it takes for anyone to notice
use mcdonalds food as a bioweapon cuz it doesnt rot for a long time so a huge pile of it would eventually rot anyways
You can only vote after you get a vaccine for covid.
All political debates must be conducted with all participants hooked up to lie detectors
Release a series of VR games based on the ISPY books
If our ears are damaged by little hairs being blasted to one side by loud sounds, maybe we could fix them by a loud sound in the other direction?
A library, but instead of checking out books, you check out escorts, rent-a-friend companions, etc. and you only get charged money for them if you don't return him/her on time
Redditors actually READ what they're responding to on Reddit: The #1 app that foremost Requires you to read, aside from comprehend and understand what you're reading. "English is my 2nd language" people are exempt from English Posts criticisms, as it's perfectly understandable.
National Online University
Adding a scale to measure the total weight of all riders on an elevator would allow it to optimize it's stopping algorithm and save tons of time
For next gen all over the world, Siri , Alexa and ok Google should work only if they speak in British accent. Everyone will be sounding intelligent few years.
Gravy and McDonald's chicken nuggets need to be a thing.
Make a handgun-railgun
Film students should use the current COVID-19 protests as the intro to an indy zombie movie.
If you could travel faster than the speed of light, get away away from earth and look back to it, you would be able to see the past because the light emitted from earth still would not have reached where you would be
Seriously just question time and existence itself
Force all police departments to match the racial demographics of their precincts
Global citizen ranked choice vote every 10 years for world's worst nation - winner can never be traded with again, is removed from the UN, and its citizens are militarily aided by all outside nations in making a new nation.
A movie about a hench man after their encounter with a no killing rule super hero.
Sell a supplement that changes the color of one's semen for party times
To motivate recycling, only have trash pickup once per year
A hallucinogenic drug that gives you a very specific hallucination, like a movie. The plot changes depending on if you smoke it, snort it or inject it.
Trump Card
Imagine if the youtube likes and dislikes worked like the old roman thumb up/down in the arenas, so whenever a youtuber's latest video gets a majority of dislikes, he's executed
A “Game Chat” between drivers in your immediate area would be hilarious
A button that upvotes an entire strand and sends you to the end of it on Reddit, I’m too nice to just pass it by.When someone deletes a comment, only the username should be deleted, but the comment should remain.
It's Possible to Read Anyone's Mind
Using noodles instead of cement!
What would a world look like with no money, crime or government?
A frozen embryo, if in storage long enough, could vote absentee.
Anti thirst pills
Reddit Should Give You the Option to Have Your Country With Your User Name
Kids who are in school that are too smart should take a final test for the subject they want. If they pass, they pass. If they fail, they fail and retake the class the next year fully.
Make all jail sentences life sentences. Going to jail just places you in the company of hardened criminals, making you one of them. Rehabilitation is impossible after that.
Everyone in the US has to wear pants that electrocute themselves when the wearer says the trigger word. Each pair of pants has a different, everyday common trigger word
Find Obama's cell phone number by calling every cell phone number in the US and using vocal recognition software
something to change the volume of a microwave when it beeps
Select one Biden supporter and one Trump supporter completely at random, then have them debate instead of the candidates.
Nation wide across the board labor strikes on November 5th.
Naked and Afraid, but the with 1%. Survival of the Richest.
Story Concept about Art
Make between yards missile system with 6 supercapacitors if you hate your neighborhood.
A life size low tech version of Reddit's top posts carved on slabs of stone in a large outdoor stonehenge like setting with a little Flinstone flare to it. We'd call it Freddit.
Can a Hermaphrodite impregnate his/herself?
The moderators in presidential debates should be able to mute one candidate's microphone while the other is speaking.
CRAZY FUCKING IDEA
A TV show based on friends on a NY subway train.
Having a machine implanted in you or a smartwatch that can auto-track everything you eat or drink and count the calories itself. More people would be healthier and slimmer
C3 TEST HOME KIT FOR CORONAVIRUS
Facebook buying Signal
Do a dab but if you cough you self quarantine
Create a toilet paper sharing AP. Where people can post that they are in need and others can offer a few rolls nearby. Include a feature where people can resell the toilet paper. And then prosecute the gouges to the full extent of the law!
Label some toilets "All you can pee". That will take most peeing public to those and so less paper products will be used there. Technically thought, all toilets are "all you can pee"!
A barcode themed product (does not matter what) with packaging is covered in 100s of scannable barcodes. Checkout clerk would have to be *very* careful to trying to scan the UPC Code they need.
Pay a nurse to refill a drip with melatonin and sedatives that's permanently pumping into your arm so you can spend your entire life in bed asleep.
Flavored waterInfinite Electricity Idea?
Maybe Covid really was sent by God... to punish those using him as a false platform for hatred and racism
Golf courses should charge per tee time so that all the spots fill up. They would make more money on beverages.
shut down the world to stop people from dying from smoking which killed 7 million people in 2020
Would you consider a 4 day work week, why or why not?
A purge, but on Steam. All games become free for 5 minutes.
The creators of Futurama should get together and do a special just so they can finally sing the real "Happy Birthday" song.
A browser extension that blocks everything on websites except the ads
An airline where they just SHUT THE FUCK UP
Trickle UP economics
In the future, social distance and interaction advisory signs could become a thing (like forest fire signs). Instead of the boring and alarmist way gov't handles threat levels they could use icons like Japanese bow, fist bump, handshake, big hugs, etc.
Pocket knife that shoots armor piercing sniper rounds
Use the LED gloves people use at raves for lighting areas made dark with debris, like in Beirut
Replace DARE with presentations of GG Allin
(In a perfect world where there’s a male equivalent of an IUD) upon turning 18, all people undergo a procedure to eliminate the possibility of conceiving. You must undergo psychological and academic exams and a special parenthood course in order to have a child.
Turn subreddits into stocks and let r/all be like the S&amp;P 500
Country of self-realization
A "days since last suicide attempt" but rebrand it as a "days since last masturbation"
Disney's "murder plan" maybe04/20 is coming up, so do you think we can throw a successful sit in protest by convincing everyone to go home on the 1st and 04/20 blaze it everyday of April until we get human rights?
When you call 911, all the responders should be like Uber (closest gets the job) and be open for application - with full ratings and reviews of all employees. Especially police.
Birth
A "New Posts Hour"
Staycation Evolved
A "dating app" specifically for people to promote their insta/snap/onlyfans so we can get those people the fuck out of the miserable experience that is normal dating websites anyway.
Incense and scented oils that invoke negative emotions.
Instead of stopping all Reddit posts for 8 minutes, subreddits should stop all Reddit posts for 8 hours. This will both expose subreddits as well as confuse the hell out of the Reddit algorithm. For my boy George.
Move to America; open a small business...
Caffeinated Crack
A sincere apology to the guy he head butted and we all get on with our lives.
Supplement/Vitamin/Medication scheduler App.
Solve climate change in a few years by banning executive bonuses tied to stock value and instead tie them inversely to the ppm of co2 in the atmosphere.
On Nov. 30 at 5:00 CST Let’s all search “where banana” at the same time and see what happens, like that other guy said
Interactive walkthrough aisles and shelves when online supermarket shopping.
A chain of Indian food takeout restaurants patterned after Panda Express.In addition to tracking creation, access, and change times, filesystems should track the total length of time a file was loaded into memory, sort of like how video game save files track play time.
Population control
News channels, articles, commercials, YouTube videos, etc that have fake content/ false news should have to announce or have fake in the title. If they don't and it is found fake/false they now owe money to anyone that has read or viewed the fake content.
We should make a Gucci clothing line for dogs and call it Pucci
There should be a boat at every beach that sells weed, we call it Weedboat. And if it sells heroin, we call it speedboat.
A system that you could use to switch between consciousness and unconsciousness, to make boring thing that you don't want to be conscious of. Like an auto-pilot of yourself.
We should have a Karen scale, where the supreme Karens are awarded a 10, but Karens who just are assholes to waitstaff for 30 seconds are rated a 1.
Let's stop wasting precious and vital Helium on filling party balloons.
Implementing something like Google Translate's conversation mode for actual phone calls.
The olympics but PEDs and illegal drugs are allowed.
competitive IKEA furniture building
Buy a set of vintage looking skull rings and give them to your friends, and then when you make a new friend, put one on prior and go run some errands with your new friend and make sure to shake hands with all of your friends with them wearing the ring on while in front of your new friend.
Joe Biden should meet with Greta Thunberg and Malala Yousafsi. They bring fresh, strong thoughts into a stagnating world, and they want to help save the planet they occupy.
Omorashi/pee desperation fetish
A bottle of food flavoring called “Chicken Fried”
A foam pillow with a little cut out for your ear so you can wear AirPods in bed while lying on your side.
Spaghetti with chocolate sauce on it
Don't teach babies how to walk until you've taught them how to skateboard.
Every cartoon that isnt wearing clothes and doesnt have a dick is a woman
Modern EV's should have a drone housed in the roof for driving in third person.
A tube that connects your penishole to your ass so you can experience piss and cum sensations in your ass like in German Goo Girls porn bukkakes
A fanfiction crossover between Totally Spies and Super Gals
Noise cancelling shorts so you don’t have to feel self-conscious about your flatulence
Politicians
We have a big mansion with a pool. Let’s get crazy!!!!!
headphones with a width adjustment instead of just height adjustment
A modern day sequel to the 1994 film "Babys day out", starring the same cast. This time the baby, now adult, goes out for a walk, while his family panics again.
UFO Sightings are Just Alien Prank Videos 👽👽👽👽👽😂🤣😎
a theme park or a nightclub where they’ll only let you in if you take hallucinogens
Ok, hear me out: "Charlie Chaplin and the Chocolate Factory" a zombie parody film.
We should keep a list of self serving companies that try to take advantage of this crisis, so we can boycott them
Revive dinosaurs by breeding back birds for dinosaur-like traits.
A level between Hot and New on Reddit - like being able to sort by Getting Warmer
Half way between the last and next election, a vote on which political parties are not allowed to run in the next election.
Why don't we put facial recognition technology to good use and identify stay-at-home order protesters? If they get hospitalized with COVID-19 they should get adequate treatment. But when resources are insufficient for all to be treated immediately, they should be first to be cut off from ventilators
An APP to Unite, Crowdfund and then create a Reality Show about a group of say 5 Men and 5 Females and 14 days being recorded daily on a EXOTIC LIFESTYLE LUXURY VACATION. The catch....
Every game that has in game purchases should be labeled as having "Adult Content" as children cannot legally make in game purchases.
If I have a bad experience on Uber Eats, I don't want to get that same person as a driver on Uber.. is that how it is?
The rest of us non-Americans around the world unofficially rename Covid-19 the American Flu.
A podcast were normal people interview celebrities like they were buddies
A movie about a man trying to be the most "Ultimate Adult" in spite of who and what he is.
People who have to come into an office but want to work from home and people who have to work at home but want to come into an office should all switch jobs so everyone is happy.
Use bread(body of Christ )to make a human shape and fill it up with wine(blood of Christ) to revive him
Since workers have to give 2 weeks notice before they quit, bosses should have to give 2 weeks notice before they fire someone.
A daily reward system that keeps going without the need to open it and when you do, all the rewards are given at once.
Why not put the leader of the flat Earth society on one of those space diving missions and let him see the place without a helmet?
Make 2 movies with the same plot from the view of the good guys and the bad guys
Schedule your COVID-19 test on the same day as your colonoscopy and challenge the doctors to "meet in the middle."
The whole world should come to an agreement to learn a universal second language that everyone is taught so everyone knows a language that is the same.
Let’s stop tracking the hurricanes..
I solved immigration (in the US)
Million Certificates Campaign Second Promo- So, You Lost the Election
An electoral college that is actually a college
Reddit Pubic Access channel
Survival show where (preferably masochistic) contestants guess what kind of pain they are feeling while deprived of their senses.
We should remake the first Kung Fu Panda movie. Its Jack black green screened into the original movie whilst wearing shitty panda makeup. He has to do all the actions as po in the movie trying to mirror it. Po will not be photoshopped out, instead we will put Jack over him.
We should go to an all online education system
After her passing, use CGI to posthumously cast Winona Ryder as the lead character in a reboot of Marvel's Ghost Rider.
One time taxes to the wealthy in extreme situations should be a thing
Instead of war, countries will not sort out their issues with a wrestling match between the leaders. One wins if the other admits defeat, or is knocked unconscious.
Uno house rules: if a 6 is played, you can always play a 9 on it
Have one of the presidential debates be a Jeopardy-style game show. The winner gets to decide which Dakota we keep.
Cats bite and scratch so much when trying to play because they’re kinky.
All interstate roadways should be lined with small wind turbines that can catch some of the energy cars create to help offset the carbon being used by them.
A public system that provides a secure data wallet for collecting, easily accessing and eventually selling a copy of all our digital traces in order to educate the citizens about privacy rights and to give a tangible value to our data
Let the coronavirus run it's course...it's mostly killing old people anyway, right? Less people on Medicare AND Bernie gets the presidency? Win-win.
Paintball Arena except it's Nerf Guns.
A virtual mingling application for webinars
AITA except every post is secretly written by Donald Trump
A romance novel about a witch and a doomsday prepper who bond over their distate for modern life and their love of nature
Google and Apple should use their location apps to identify whether people are social distancing six feet apart when they're outside.
A subreddit like r/outside where we treat history like a television show
An internet where you can state an opinion about something subjective, without being bashed over it.
The "trademarks" bit on IMDB should treat directors like actors. "martin scorsese is known for his large eyebrows." "Guillermo Del Toro - wears absurdly strong plus-lens glasses"
Imagine winning a jackpot for your crazy idea
If a police officer unlawfully kills an innocent person, they forfeit their protection by the law and it is no longer illegal to kill them. A reward is granted upon their death.
First we stand, then we AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHin our hearts.
A coaster that starts a timer so I don't forget about my tea
Wanna win an online chess match with a friend? Start a match with a bot simultaneously and set the level to very hard. Now mimic the moves it does, with your friend.
They should make a movie called The God Father
Take most traffic cops off the road and give them desk jobs reviewing dashcam footage submitted by civilians...
For a day we should only submit comments and titles that say “It’d be better with Tilapia”.
The Old Testament, directed by Guillermo del Toro
An online marketplace where 1 legged people can sell/swap the one shoe they don’t need with people that have the opposite foot missing
John Wick, but everyone he kills gets a hero-length death scene.
A subreddit that consists of all the post from every subreddit with the same sorting options
What if we, collectively, actively disliked YouTube videos the moment the video creator routinely asks for likes/subscribers/etc? Surely this would detox the algorithms into promoting videos with quality content and discourage clickbait/filler.
A place where they put you to sleep and you can dream any dream you like for 8 hours and wake up fully rested.
Reddit should put saved posts in your feed by random, so we actually look back at them every once in a while
Planes should have a suitcase dedicated to stranded people if the plane crashes.
An interesting idea for a subreddit
A UFC, but for dogs.
What if states released no violent, victimless crime offenders that test negative for the Corona virus?
Instead of having a Thanksgiving break, two weeks of school, and then winter break, just take out the two weeks and give students time to rest
25 ␚s I Wish Existed. (girlswith series)
Everyone start apologizing to every tree they pass
Elevator Pitch, But For Dating
Merry Christmas.
Measure CEO performance by how many of their employees have to take anti-depressants.
A pop-up when saving an image on your phone that asks how long you'd like to save it for.
A detergent that smells like new clothes.
Hobo apprentice
Every single cop’s body cam should be streamed on twitch
Sell a variety of sauces. Except in each bottle, they get mixed with OTHER sauces. So there are tons of other random sauce combos and no one knows the contents of each bottle.
The Onion should be a serious journalistic source of information for the next 4 years just to offset the craziness of the previous 4.
A cooking show where the contestants are all top chefs but the judges are everyday nobodies.
We should bring back old viral movements with a quarantine spin, and help get people self isolating have something to do - My idea was the Harlem Shake (but using everything at your disposal)
Instead of vaccinating everyone, instead give everyone a dose of magic mushrooms, and show people how we treat each other, the animals, the planet, and the environment. Then see how big of a change there would be in people's empathy towards each other.
There is going to be a cohort of people who were 3 to 6 during the pandemic, and whose earliest memories were of them wearing a mask wherever they go and immediately showering after getting home from a crowed area. Those people are going to grow up to be paranoid.
An app that let's you save music to a certain place for others to discover.
Take all the bronze statues celebrating the confederacy, melt them down and remake them into statues celebrating figures of the civil rights movement past and present.
I saw some dude on the street wearing a gangster cartoon shirt today, let's bring that style back! Loved me some Thugs Bugs on Drugs
:OIf women grew their clits, men would be able to stroke them and get women off more easily.
Create a go fund me for Melania Trump and give her $100M to divorce Donald and do a tell all book.
Smart speakers like Alexa and Google Home should have NFC, so you can open up the source of the answer it just gave.
Make movies more realistic by using death row inmates for actual deaths in the stories.
How about an alternative to Facebook?
There are too many invulnerable superheroes out there. How about a super vulnerable hero? You could call him Captain Ouch. Instead of being bulletproof, he attracts bullets like a magnet. He can't take a punch, but he is really good at crying until you feel bad for hitting him.
Make everyone under 20 go out and do street repairs while the rest of us are trapped inside our houses.
Less blood flow to the body means more blood flow to the brain, which means more brainpower. So to get smarter, cut off your arms and legs
Ensure the electoral college votes in a tie. Ensure the house votes in a tie. Neither canidate becomes president, then the senate can vote in a decent vice president to take the helms.
When the police in America wrongfully kill someone. Why do the American Citizens choose to loot (selfish behavior) and destroy businesses (sadistic behavior: "deriving pleasure from inflicting pain, suffering, or humiliation on others" )? Does that fix the problem or does it just create more?
Postpone US Thanksgiving until the pandemic is over
5 point harnesses in every vehicle for every seat
A pill that one takes that tricks their body into being full and at the same time where it burns calories thus making weight loss super easy.
Federal elected officials required to personally respond to 1% of their Twitter mentions, capping at 100 mentions per day.
A mobile browser app with camera!
Marriages should be leased, or at least have a few year trial period.
Make Managers who are bossy to therpy
Boycott TMZ for spreading misinformation about Spongebob.
In the UK, we could save pubs by giving them the central role in post-legalisation cannabis distribution
8 Shots for a $100
We should as a community create an ad as scummy and spammy as possible on youtube just to prove that they will allow anything on the platform as long as its paying them
Picking an idea out of the millions in your head and posting it on this sub is like that one sperm cell fertilizing the egg you were born from just remember that out of thousands you made it good job.
How would you feel about a show where in the first half of the episode, Bob Ross teaches Gordon Ramsay how to paint, and in the second half, Gordon Ramsay teaches Bob Ross how to cook?
Cars that you're allowed to drop off in the middle of the road for emergencies
A reverse draft, if you get drafted in a war, the enemy pays you double to join them and tell them everything you know about who drafted you.
I think this belongs here...
Eradicate Covid-19 but don't tell anyone so some places/people will finally have basic hygiene
Make a youtube channel with videos for Dogs. Not the kind of stuff dog owners want their dogs to see - videos that really take into account how dogs see and hear.
Set up a Twitch Plays Pokemon, but instead of playing Pokemon people do your day job
A gaming headset that transfers breath smell
Harry Potter could use Amortentia potion to make Voldemort fall in love for him.
Everything but the bagel seasoning already exists, but what about everything but the toast? There could be sweet editions, savory editions - all the flavor but none of the hassle or unhealthy aspects of your favorite toast toppings.
Everyone take a book and plaster all the pages together then deposit it amongst the bookshelves of your local library, then sit back and wait for someone to discover and try to open it.
Black people should wear white face as a survival mechanism against police brutality
Boycott movie theaters until they stop showing super hero movies
Democratic states of the USA should form a new contiguous union with Canada
Genetically modify new babies to make future populations unable to cough, sneeze and fart.
Make all doors open towards the exit
Pocket for adult video links, with password protection, and much better video support.
Morgan Freeman, Sam Elliot, LeVar Burton and Jeffrey Wright narrate a single movie together. And start a podcast together. Supergroup of voiceover: The Speakers
Fat would probably be a great cooler
Screen printing your lower face onto fabric masks so we can still open our phones easily
Police bodycams that automatically turn on when their weapons are taken out of the holster.
Bars of soap in public restrooms
Make Danny Devito win the sexiest man alive for 2021
A Christmas movie equivalent of the recent rom-com Isn't It Romantic
Put Tom Holland's Spider-Man in Into the Spiderverse 2, but keep him live-action in an animated world.
At some arbitrary point, specify that the people who serve on juries can only be chosen by other juries. Who determines the people in those juries? Another jury. It's juries all the way down.
A "superhero" show about a normal family that's secretly rich and uses their "power" of anonymous donations to better their community and the lives of others.
In countries that will have elections in 2048, the candidate with highest score in 2048 wins.
A superhero game were you play in first person where you play Call of Duty game modes
Reddit karma as a reward for people who go vote.
Chalk-olate (The sidewalk chalk YOU CAN EAT!)
Nerf should make a series of the same guns but with adult proportions (Just imagine the rhinofire but the size of an actual browning 50 cal). I know I'd buy them.
humans evolved to walk on two feet because of WOMEN'S OBSESSION WITH COCK. THEY WANTED TO SEE MORE PENIS AND EVERY GENERATION HUMANS WOULD MORE AND MORE HIND LEGS TO SHOW THEM OUR COCKS.
Japanese porn but the men do the high pitch squealing.
A mascot for a mexican-themed pizza resteraunt who is a cowboy with tiny pizza cutters on his boots instead of boot spurs
Marriages on a 5 year contract to lower divorce rates
USA: Pass the original first amendment, which will help mitigate the electoral college, campaign finance and gerrymandering. The proposed bill of rights had 12 amendments, the last one can be passed just by 27 more states ratifying it
During political debates they should have a timer that goes off when they want them to stop talking instead of the commentators hollering.
Hire former illegal street racers to drive ambulances. After proper training
Create a club for crappy drivers to trick them into experiencing what they inflict on everyone else.
Horror movie but with monsters living in sunlight and disappearing in/fearing the darkness
Using the collective power of internet users to help make people’s lives better.
Allow users to attach labels to the list of screen resolutions in their display settings so that switching monitors/display devices doesn't lead to hunting down that perfect resolution every time you switch.
Taunt Trump that he can't fly an hot air balloon by himself until he does it.
Officially-issued news media credentials should have RFID or other technological means to remotely identify the media member, for example on a body cam.
There should be rule free versions of every subreddit.
Mini-Rhinos for pets
stay 1 more foot away from people each day, 6, 7, 8.... 153... until theres no room left and everybody has their own city
Employers should offer to match student loan payments and/or pay the interest as an added employee benefit
Tattooing a message on the head of your baby that reveals itself when he gets bald in old age
After Coronavirus is over, Congress should pass a law requiring all hospitals to store a minimum supply of masks, gloves, respirators, etc
A drone with a lasso to arrest people without incident
Racism drops to 0%
🙏 BluEye Zone Virtual Wall of Prayer 🙏
Balloons should be banned -- they serve no important role in society
A subreddit where people can match with other redditors who have the same amount of Reddit coins, and they can Platinum each other’s posts to maximize ad-free browsing
At the 31th of December at 12am we all need to Google "why is there a giant health bar in the sky" at the same time
Make a movie. Promote a random character. Give him an interesting backstory. Cast a famous actor to play him. Then in the movie proper, he gets maybe five minutes of screentime then dies
To get a new job, just show up and start working.
Replace all the nitrogen in the atmosphere with helium on neon gas. So everyone can still breathe, but we all have real funky voices.
/r/concierge : a sub that directs average joes toward which sub their (shit)post belongs in order to avoid the complications of new reddit. And how to bypass word filters with their titles.
Merge r/woosh into r/facepalm
A fitness program that, at the end, is free and you get a custom Rocky-esque training montage created of your journey if you meet the goals.
We should start a petition that whichever quality ice cream brand restores their tub to 2 quarts and not this 1.5 shit will be rewarded with everyone promising to buy it, and at the same or slightly more ¢/oz.
Shot-for-shot remake of Raising Arizona but with the cast of Con Air
Permanently wet socks
Way of browsing Tiktok videos with audio off. So you press a button that toggles this option and if its ON, Tiktok will only show you the videos that audio doesn't matter for. For example if the video has a lot of talking that would not be shown. But someone scuba diving would.
With the Cleveland Browns being in the playoffs this year, I can't help but wonder how likely it is that some disgruntled Cleveland fan made a sacrifice to the Elder Gods in exchange for the Browns going to the superbowl.
Make a website where you can log concerts and other major events so that when you meet "the one" you can link accounts and see where your paths have crossed.
They should make water slides for canoes/kayaks
A song based on The Lord of the Rings called "Moria" to the tune of Laura Branigan's "Gloria".
A New Years countdown were right at midnight you hear a song’s bass drop, watch the 3 marvel snaps with the gauntlet, watch the fireworks and climax all at the same time
There should be a category on Netflix for movies you searched and they didn’t have, but now they have.
Trump uses corona virus to institute Marshall law and secure himself for the next 4 years as President.
We must swarm to antivaxx webistes and social media groups and spam them with scientific evidence that vaccines work. Join me in the harassing of anti-vaxxers and other idiots.
A movie called “Term” where a character has terminal cancer and their term life insurance expires at the end of the year. They have to decide whether to kill themself or live a couple extra months and deny their family money.
No more toilet paper in the US. Install a bidet for everyone.
What if videogames are just real worlds in a other dimention.
We should start calling Karens " Carens" since they don't like us using the K word to see how they react
Make it EASY to download and share gifs and videos you find on Reddit
Tulsi Gabbard and Sanders should run America as a duo with AOC and Yang as VPs!
The Olympics should have a section where the athletes get to try other sports.
Toilet tracker: An app that shows you everyone that's sat on the toilet seat you're sitting on now.
when ever there is a hurricane the government runs an auction to pick the name and all the money goes to the people affected by the hurricane
A sub for political opinions where everyone has to upvote opinions they disagree with and downvote ones they agree with.
Lets not use youtube for a day! This starts NOV 28.
Add an option to Reddit to hide awards on posts.
Refer to your Blind Date as your Mystery Meet.
If Bernie Sanders is the candidate he should adopt the Pepe meme as it's use will become inevitable and by ignoring Pepe and other Donald Trump memes he misses the opportunity to flip Trump supporters. It would be the battle of the Bernie Pepe versus the Trump Pepe.
A company that real people can register all their usernames across all platforms to them as a universal verification "digital stamp" that real content creators will attach to their profiles.
1) Humans have "wrinkles" in their brains to make them superior to other animals. 2) Humans come from Africa. 3) It is very sunny in Africa. Conclusion? Human brains got turned into brain-raisins and that's why humans are smart!
Yelling, "Kobe!" as we all throw our antidepressants in the trash
Downvote and more
Throwbacks
SELF SUFFICIENT CARS
After testing negative for COVID-19, proceed to the orgy room.
Re-reboot Sonic Boom and call it "Toot-Toot Sonic Warriors"
Crazy idea have a location that there is no laws opposite of a neutral country a hostile country where any country can fight their wars there.
More dresses should have pockets. Period.
there should be a free therapy hotline
Fireman poles between each floor in the stairwells of high rise buildingsAdults should receive joints as their trick or treat.
Everyone should wear safety goggles all the time
The makers of the Roomba should sell a version with a random orbit sander.
Smart homes should turn the lights off when you're blinking to save electricity.
Diy Aluminum Battery
A heartwarming buddy cop movie where a black and a white cop from a segregated town overcome their mutual hatred and distrust, learn to work together, and become best friends. They learn it doesn't matter what your partner's skin color is, as long as you're both beating the same black man together.
Body lotion companies add a feature in their lotions to refill it
Anti-smoking ads for teens focus on long term health affects. Most teens aren't usually thinking about long term health. A more affective anti-smoking ad would focus on smelling bad, not having money for other things, looking trashy, nicotine stains on teeth and fingers, and so on.
A multiplayer version of Pac-Man, where every player plays as Pac-Man in the same maze, and whoever eats the most dots wins. You can eat each other with the power-ups and such and getting eaten will be a time penalty.
Everybody spends their $1200 stimulus check on food, then goes on SUPER STRIKE!!
We are just walking radiators that cuase global warming
Dick Cheney, John Ashcroft, Donald Rumsfeld probably masturbate to what the trump admin is getting away with.
Start pronouncing "John" as "Johm" with an M.
Candidates running for state and local government should stop wasting money on mailing a gazillion paper flyers and instead donate that money toward a good cause
Big idea!
Netflix documentary series based on the Silmarillion, with Sean Bean commentary.
In addition to a fork and spoon, we should have a small pair of tongs as another eating utensil.
Corruption should be punishable by death.I want to date Miley Cyrus.
My Political Beliefs (Need Criticism)
A trolley (shopping cart) with a dog cage thing underneath where the food goes (similar to the baby seats on top) so you don't need to leave your dog outside.
A New Gulf Coast State that stretches from New Orleans in the west through the Florida panhandle in the East.
Take a day away from August and give it to February.
"Medicare for All" should be rebranded "Medicare for More" to make it less controversial. Then people can debate the cut-off age.
run everything on kinetic energy
News should report on politicians during an election the same way they report on hurricanes.
Pornhub could save the world
They should make an outdoors 2
The smurfs of the smurfs.
tv show - Storage war casualties
IT Support &amp; Communication For North Sentinelese
Convince millennials to move into the ghetto to raise taxes and education standards and lower crime.
Using a duel disk as a wallet to hold my cards
Recruit terminally ill or suicidal people for the military and send them to the front lines
Cancel the internet
now would be a perfect time to legalize cannabis less time spent trying to stop it, boost the economy and let's face with lockdown a lot of people need to get high
A campaign race where instead of campaigning, nominees fight to the death gladiatorial style, and whoever wins gets to face the current president in hand to hand combat.
Explosion brain: if you spend less money than you earn in a certain timeframe you can save money
The internet is a fad. Lets all start using snail mail again just to confuse the authorities
Since I’m involved now, call waste water ‘WE-ter’
They should make a new National Treasure movie, set in 2020/21 crisis.
Fried chicken dipped in mayonnaise
Sharknado, from the point of view of a Shark.
Pray before you prepare a meal instead of right before you eat. Then maybe He'll keep you from food poisoning yourself and your family.
A phone that runs on gasoline, so it gets physically lighter as the charge runs down. You know by feel when it’s time to recharge! Just beware of the fumes.
Make a romantic movie that ends with the guy confessing to the girl. The screen then goes to black and the guy says "she said no. I went with the less attractive girl, we've been married for 4 years now" and credits roll.
Eat mashed potatoes with a spoon.
What if the money we paid monthly just got paid to the rightholders of the movies/series you watched that month ?
A major cable television network should employ Phil Liggett and Bob Roll to call the inauguration.
If Oracle cannot procure Tik Tok's core source code because of Chinese restrictions, then rebrand and make it into a hybrid of itself, Facebook, Reddit, Twitter and Pinterest.
Cosmetic surgery for the sole purpose of giving you a gnarly scar
There should be a news network that doesn't provide any commentary but just shows videos, photos and transcripts of events to let the viewer decide what it means for themselves.
Orange man should bring back orange government cheese.
If there's any Disney film they have to make a live remake of, it should be Up (2009).
People with kids stuck at home while schooms are closed. Have your kids write letters and colour pictures, and mail them to nursing homes. The elderly aren't allowed visitors right now.
A social media site for boomers, called InstaGran
Where whoring is legal, like near Vegas, 50% of taxes on whoring should be in units of dollars, and 50% in units of sex. The IRS employee comes by the whorehouse to collect his dick full of sex as tax.
Train service cats to help people with high self-esteem
A browser plug-in that hides view count, likes, # of comments, etc. on all social media
If all skin tones could come into harmony the same way as music tones what a beautiful world we would be in.
Police's guns should have an automatic lock and require permission from dispatcher to fire
I would make a cynical version of Marie Kondo’s tidy up show. “A wildfire will engulf your house in the next 20 minutes. Is this item worth risking your life? No? *toss*”
Hearses that offered the option of oil slick squirting, smoke screen, tire caltrops, or even lighter options like confetti, or cream pie launchers etc.. just to fuck with your friends and family one last time.
A US national strike, everyone refuses to work until they are paid $20/hour
Shit cannon to send a sack of dung.
Grocery stores should connect with all the delivery services from amazon/fedex etc. to deliver foods necessary to each household. USPS should deliver us a grocery necessities checklist and we put it back out for them to take back.. I think this could be the answer to social distancing.
Universal Basic Weed
A new law that puts an eco-activist who’s been approved by the EPA on the board of every corporation with an ecological footprint. Call it the Lorax Law.
People that won’t wear masks during lockdown are the same people that would hide a zombie bite in World War Z.
If you really want to encourage open discussions, allow "yes or no" questions and forbid yes or no answers.
If the world ignored every ad they saw economy could possibly crash
When Rick Astley dies, his obituary should rickroll everyone.
funny filters for real life, nobody can yell at you while your mouth gets larger the more you open it
Virtual girlfriends where you can feel their touch and essence, and they are 100% faithful and loyal no matter what and always supportive.
A theme park centered around racing and drifting
Stop valuing money. If we all decide that all the wealth the 1% has is worthless, they no longer have any power.
Replace car horns with "PLEASE PUT ITEM IN BAGGING AREA"
Place a block of cheese on your tongue until it disolves.
Hardware stores open on New Year’s Day.
Microsoft, Sony and Nintendo should just produce TVs with their consoles built in and put everyone else out of business.
April 4th of each year (4/04) should be a holiday where you buy your IT guys lunch.
The federal government should head up a large-scale charity effort to support its Covid-19 response. Change my mind.
start radical terrorists of other religions
Could someone invent a liquid mouthwash that can replace tooth brushing and make cleaning our teeth something to look forward to?
An artificial God that only loves and helps humans better the earth.
Replace all the baseballs in the MLB with potatoes, it will create much more interesting and less predictable gameplay
What if we filled doughnuts with tomato juice?
Pay the police for there being less crime while less people in jail, instead of salary. We might not know how it's possible to do both at once but it's not our job to figure it out. Solve the problem, get paid more.
Partner Microsoft Flight Simulator with Google Earth
Measure a cars horsepower by doing tug-o-war with as many horses as it takes.
Slippers with a human face that scream every time you step
We could attempt to get rid of the air by manufacturing a really strong pipe that leads to space and reaches far enough to get out of Earth's gravitational field. At that point, we can attempt to use the vacuum of space to get rid of the air supply, thus solving air pollution b/c there is no air.
Combat childhood obesity by having ice cream trucks drive a little faster and never stop. The kids have to run alongside to buy frozen treats.
Wars should be fought on unused land far from civilisation
An option to scroll reddit without seeing posts with imbedded YouTube videos
To sell homemade jam in traffic jams to keep people occupied with delicious jam .
Large, Mass Produced Steel and Concrete “LEGOs” for construction
Trick or Yeet
A tiered tax system that is based on how much you want from public services and utility
An app that lets you type in a year and a radio station, and then gives you a playlist of the songs of your youth.
A device that wipes short term memory, so you can choose to forget a bad episode of a show or relive a great one
Hey! How about having reddit adopt a no bullshit, no lies, no propaganda policy?
Tonic Water that doesn't split your wig back while opening it for the first time
Give corporations naming rights to city streets in exchange for the cost of maintenance of those streets. I'm on Geico street and JC Penney lane
Self Impregnation
A “please don’t kill me” trend when dealing with law enforcement for any reason to see their reactions.
When electing a public leader, president, or premiere for each country for a 4 year term, they have to govern a different country. And only after their term is up they can return home if they wanted to.
A non-slip rubber mat for directly over the driver's side door of trucks/SUVs/"rugged" vehicles.
A new subreddit for every MxR Plays reaction video with all the individual Reddit posts uncensored.
Since money is digital, economies are fake, and financial markets made up, all the world governments should just agree that they have a heretofore unknown contingency fund of money that previously didn’t exist, to pay everyone to stay home so we don’t all go broke from Coronavirus.
Looking for high paying job with two six month vacations per year
Make "Don't Shoot Me, I'm Only The Piano Player" an actual movie starring Elton John.
Only allow people to post things on the internet if they are willing to accurately give their race, nationality, sexuality, and gender.
Get a scientist to turn the feeling you get when your leg is almost touching your crushes leg into a drug you can take to feel whenever you want.
We should be researching if it's possible to teach chimps to serve in the military.
With everyone being quarantined, all the service providers should offer talk and text only plans
Miss America styled contest for the best burger joints in the state. State winners then compete on a national level to win best burger joint in the US.
They should change quarantined subs into subs with Coronavirus
Why don't we just mechanize the planet and our selves?
Creating a conspiracy documentary movie from the POV of a 7 year old child about Santa not being real
Peep holes for bedroom doors.
The same way "The Affordable Care Act" vindictively became Obamacare because he was responsible for it, we should call the spread of COVID-19 in America by a simplified name by person who most helped us acquire it "The Trump Virus" or "COVID-Trump".
The disturbing apps where its advertised as a crying child often with a dirty diaper, make one of them but every person that clicks it has their phone information transferred to a government database to see (and charge) pedophiles.
A Retro Adam West style Batman movie directed by Wes Anderson
A donating purk that could make someone rich
Have illegal immigrants hunt down sex offenders for a chance at citizenship. We can call it... Alien vs Predator.
Chimney heat capture
Chips packet craft
Shopping carts with steering wheels
Supermarkets and other shops should allow customers to sign up to price drop alerts for their desired items. Just like for games on Steam.
A search engine for ads
Force all women to take the same coding interviews as men
Cars covered in little fans which act as wine turbines and help power the vehicles
TV show where people with differing political and economic views get to run their own cities
If a restaurant ever started using catapults to delivery tacos and better taco stand might out compete it by delivering tacos and burritos via a trebuchet.
Take a large stretch of farmland and turn it into a test socialist economy
Write in your will to turn your corpse into a zombie using robot parts as replacements for your bones.
Convert hotels (which are mostly empty right now) in close proximity to hospitals into housing for hospital staff and or their families in case hospital staff worry about infecting their families.
a way people can vote on repealing all laws that contain a certain word, such as any law that names a specific religion, race, country, or gender
One member of Congress should abandon their title of democrat/republican and claim to be independent to make a statement in an attempt to make a change.
Musical chairs, but there's only one chair, its actually a toilet, and all participants have chugged laxatives half an hour prior.
The alphabet
Start an anti-vaxx clinic where you tell anti-vaxxers that you have a shot to make sure all vaccines are ineffective while actually giving them real vaccines.
Suspend dental patients prone ABOVE the dentist so they don't feel like they're drowning in their own saliva during the whole procedule.
Start two new brands of food. GMO-NO &amp; GMOkay. One makes food with zero technical assistance and the other pushes the GMO pedal to the limit to produce new and crazy foods
Let's declare stupidity a mental illness.
Isolate the parts of Coronavirus that cause loss of taste and smell, and use them as part of a weight loss treatment.
Canadians surrender the War of 1812 ceding all land and territories to the US. Canamerida then unconditionally surrenders the Civil War, returning to British rule. Briticanameridain surrenders the Hundred Years War,
Like the NSFW filter, but for liberal posts
Redefine BC and AD to mean Before COVID and After Death. Confuse the crap out of everyone reading documents written prior to 2020.
Charlie Chaplin - The Gold Rush (1925) RESCORE
AMA on Reddit with Joe Rogan.
A new movie called Powerwolf of Wall Street.
Global Free Market would be in the dark net and would do like any market place in that place, that anyone can sell or buy.
SIM (Sensory Immersion Movie) Experience: A feature length, big budget, studio film on the big screen during which the audience experiences much like the film’s characters. Feel temperature extremes (obv. not too extreme), eat the meals, smell the smells, etc.
a kind of lottery where each ticket tells if its a winner or not before you buy it, so its more of a donation to whoever happens to buy the marked tickets. Also, the winning tickets are free.
have a "no internet required" category in the app store
The NFL Season Starts as Usual, But with a Twist
What if sperm banks hired prostitutes to encourage donations?
Drive-In Funerals. Thx COVID-19.
The Presidency should become a mostly symbolic role, like the old monarchy.
Have president of USA switch evety 4 years between democrats and republicans.
Repent for the Kingdom of Heaven is at hand! The Lord God Almighty is making palpable statements across humanity; who will listen?
Connect car brakes to the horn so every time you stop you look like a huge asshole.
Laptops in "Halo" models should be made with Depleted uranium.
Instead of spending another Trillion dollars in a Mideast war, maybe we should invest in renewable energy so we don't need another war largely for oil.
An animated show you can grow up with
girls who regularly post nudes of themself online should get a tattoo of their username so they don't have to add a watermark on all of their pictures anymore
For the year 2021 we should all work as hard at life, as Microsoft Edge does at being picked the default browser
How about we let the people that prep presidential candidates (for debates) debate, instead of the actual candidates.
If new moms want to breast feed in public without anyone complaining, they need to bring enough to share with everyone.
People who refuse to wear masks belong on a list, similar to that of registered sex offenders. Landlords, employers and everyday people deserve to know when human garbage is around.
If we were reincarnated as an animal with our human consciousness fully intact, we would be extremely frustrated at the lack of opposable thumbs
We should figure out a way to pit 4chan against instagram because the aftermath of Instagram would be catastrophic
An electronic tag that goes on devices in your home that displays a cost per minute/hour/day to encourage switching off when not using.
and you get a lawsuit
Truth or dare where the dare is getting a teardrop tattoo and everytime someone asks what it's for you have to add another one.
A game is made with the intent of large modding community. Every 6 months or so, fans vote for which mod should be the next update to the game. As the game’s fan base grows, fans get exactly what they want and the mods get better due to increasing competition.
A gossip magazine about the people who work for other gossip magazines.
Tv studios should release two versions of every show, one for the woke liberals when one for Republicans.
My brother and I created an idea for an international buffet
A show where in the first half of the episode, Bob Ross teaches Gordon Ramsay how to paint, and in the second half, Gordon Ramsay teaches Bob Ross how to cook.
Future warfare
make Socrates drink Covid instead of Hemlock, if its so dangerous
We sell a Yankee but it has no brim
A dating app like Tinder but with a purposefully skewed gender ratio
Remove electoral college and replace it with rated choice voting; vote-by-mail; national voting holiday; voting is always on a weekend.
Let's coronavirus spread around the world
A documentary about reconnecting with online friends from years ago?
Jon Bon Jovi should introduce his own line of anchovies called Bon AnJovies.
Save the plankton!
A long line of text explaining how changing a profile picture actually satiates the desire to do something palatable about a serious issue and inhibits us from actually acting on that desire since we already ‘checked that box’. The text should be so compact that it appears to be a black square.
A parody song that mimics Against the Wind by Bob Seger, but the lyrics are are a description of what’s going on in The Flintstones Intro.
A remake of Shaddap You Face by Joe Dolce called Don't Toucha You Face.
The government gives everyone a bonus of $10,000 to everyone that hasn’t caught coronavirus by the end of the year, this would persuade all Karens to wear a mask
ETERNAL DAMNATION for me.
An ad service that lets you subscribe to block it's own ads.
An “I Fapped To This” button on social media platforms. Takes the concept of “Liking” something and rubbing it in...or out, so to speak.
paint these words on every missile... Only launch this huge dick if your smaller dick didnt fuck them good enough
Netflix can put basically whatever in their original shows, so they should make a show that’s basically porn, but with an actual story.
Biden picks Bernie as his VP.
Give 100+ hamsters cocaine, put them in hamster balls drenched in lube, and release them in your school/work
Start using mobile devices in school and work instead of computers for typing things, our words per minute on a phone is way faster anyway
There should be a number to call instead 112 for when you aren't sure if a situation is an emergency.
Olympics but in bathrobes. Athletes will be disqualified when bathrobes comes off
The world should put together $50 million to invest in the world’s brightest mega super flashlight, shine it down the ocean and see 100% of the ocean.
Hulu needs a unwatch series button
Cinnamon Ghost Crunch: The world's first breakfast cereal exclusively marketed for sale to the dead.
Protest the 1% during the Coronavirus
Join a lawsuit?
Mountain Dew should make an "extreme" laxative with the slogan Do The Dewkie.
Let start an anti-award community
Just use one cow for all our meat
A job in which a person test out thousands of alternate realities for four hours a day
Extremist Battle Royale: The nations of the world should take all its extremist factions - jihadist Muslims beheaders from France, Qanon militia neo-Nazis from the USA, etc., shunt them off to an island and let them have at each other until there’s a last man standing.
One of those magic 8-ball things, but based on the Reddit Hivemind instead.
A edible spray that when sprayed on food it created a thin, glass like shell on the food that has been sprayed that not only preserves the food but also has customizable tastes to the spray so that if you're spraying mint ice cream it will taste like mint so it adds to the taste.
A beverage with so much salt that is makes you just as thirsty as before you drank it
Merge r/mildlyinfuriating with r/oddlysatisfying to get a bigger sub for r/mildlyinfuriating.
Have a bunch of top actors/actresses participate in a filmed Live Action Roleplay (LARP).
American Psycho is actually the sequel of Dark Knight where Bruce Wayne subconsciously blames himself for all the massacres of Gotham. He seems to have picked up some particular traits from Joker. Even his surname is Batman (almost).
Instead of saying “Ladies and Gentlemen,” we should say, “Bro’s and Lass’s.”When applying for jobs, you use an ID number. No names (even on resume), no race, no ethnicity, etc. You are hired only based on education, experience.
Make performing an execution a capital offense, with a mandatory penalty of execution.
Shut off all of our gizmos and go buy a box of crayons and some activity books to recapture some of our innocence.
get around peoples constitutional rights about "unreasonable searches" by requiring they volunteer to prove whats in their body such as a vaccine, and if they dont volunteer they dont have to eat or go to grocery stores etc its their choice
Revamp the karma system: the parent poster ranks the first 20 direct replies. (And those commentors rank the first 5 direct replies to their comment). The 19th and 20th spot get negative points. All other comments are treated like now.
Torture people with constant extremely mild inconveniences.
a 100% income tax on the job of picking cotton - that way we can prove once and for all that tax is not slavery
As facial recognition improves and is more popular, it should be popularized and encouraged. So we can all have a little more privacy
There should a series where every week they write and release a song in ever language fictional and real.
Instead of banning accounts that spread misinformation on twitter, cut their max characters in half for each offence.
I DRAW THE CAR YOU'LL HAVE 😎
Whenever autocorrect suggests a pictogram instead of a word, use it
Dragons vs Aliens
Inject disinfectant into Trump
People that don't wear masks should be put on a black list for hospitals.
An edible arrangements for stoners. Burritos, red bulls, and other snacks and yum yums for your tum tums.
Fyre Festival, but with actual concerts.
We all agreed to merge two days into one making each day 48 hours.
Create an auto fill program that copies everything from a resume and pastes it into job application fields
We should stop being empathetic to sociopaths
Allow individual Reddit users to upvote or downvote unlimited number of times on a comment or post that's not their own.
A button to remove any post you don't want to see anymore when refreshing popular/your feed
A shoe donning/removing device that you step on and it will automatically put your shoe on or take it off. (Sort of like IronMan)
Turn off the internet completely every first saturday of the month.
Webpage Archivers should use hashes (SHA-1) of the webpage data as the URL so that when shared, we can be certain the contents weren't fudged.
Phone that unlocks only if you smile
A mechanism, inside the half &amp; half container, that doesn’t allow you to overpour a shot.
Training and certification for how to use a urinal nomatter what genitals you have
What's the best thing that happened to you today?
Make cars to have happy "faces" instead of angry ones to prevent road rage
Send Dennis Rodman to China so he can persuade them to stop messing around with bats.
People with large text tattoos should carry a card with the full text for situations where people can't easily see the whole thing.
Every comment by a democrat/liberal insulting republicans/conservatives should be downvoted. Every comment by a republican/conservative insulting democrats/liberals should be downvoted. They are the problem. They are dividing us and causing chaos.
A Superman movie filmed entirely with a GoPro.
Change my name in COD to Iran_Military, that way everytime I get a kill, it would show up as Iran_Military shot (insert user)
Postpone the 2021 Tokyo Olympics to 2022 and have a double Olympics (with Winter) plus the World Cup. Instead of rushing it this year, wait for vaccinations to reach a critical mass. It'll be a great celebration of humanity emerging from the shadow of 2020-21.
Companies should give away face masks with product advertisements on them for free
Start posting dick pics in any subreddit whose name ends with '-boner'
Netflix addiction
Allow Reddit-users to bypass the 1000-item limit and see their whole upvote history.
Film the same story from 4 different characters point of view, with interwoven plotlines. Release all four movies at the same time.
Authors write books after the conflict is the over about the times of happiness and peace that follow.
Corona beer wants to pay to change the name of the virus, change it to Bloomberg virus.
Create a new cyberspace for incels and call it 'the Incelnet'.
A new showerthought sub that doesn't auto block 95% of submissions
access to the internet is earned like your drivers license. and only available at 17 years old with a valid drivers license. illegal otherwise outside of a school. this will immediately refill the american suburbs and parks with children. literally overnight.
Keep your eyes open until they bleed. Sell the blood as a cure all.
Coronavirus will change the world permanently. Scaling it from micro to macro impacts, worst to best and truly realistic to highly imaginative. What do you think will be the outcome??
An airline based out of Spain called 'Spanish Flew'
Typists battling each other on correctly typing the lyrics of an actively playing song.
Spotify should make a feature (optional ofc) so you can't listen to the same over and over and eventually ruin it for yourself
A mechanical circle that can grow
The President of every country should have an official hat or something like the pope that they wear the vast majority of the time
Someone should make a fight club except its specifically made for domestically abusive people.
America's got talent, but with each elimination, the contestants have to take an extra drink (or another legal but impairing substance) before performing.
The youngest picture of you is actually oldest
A NotSafeSearch: Only search for Weird, Gross, or Inappropriate stuff
Jon Stewart should moderate the next debate
A stand-up comedian wears AI earbuds while performing on stage. After delivering a joke, the comedian listens to the earbuds' recommendation for the next joke. Earbuds select one from a list of pre-written jokes based on the audience's reaction to the previous joke.
They should make a compacting toilet.
Instead of saying Government Funded, it should always be said Tax Payer funded.
Step 1: Go to r/tipofmytongue. Step 2: Look for unsolved movie or music related posts. Step 3: steal all of it for your own work -&gt; Nobody will be able to notify the original creators because nobody remembers who they are. Step 4: Profit.
A water cooled bed
Chotchkies Flair from Office Space
Trying dating with no social media? The only detail in your profile is your reddit account. DM interesting posts to eachother to start conversation.
The Georgia Guidestones sir in a federally government controlled lot and have it spelled out how over populated the world is and what the numbers should be. In the middle of a pandemic another senseless murder,one so perfectly horrid that protest is just, just before the second wave of Covid.
Mandatory Abortion
A podcast app that pauses If you fall asleep.
A hospital staffed exclusively by doctors and scientists who learned everything from Youtube and by reading blogs written by anonymous "scientists." Conspiracy theorists and their followers MUST go there for treatment.
auto/truck built in driver side urinal system that empties into the exhaust vaporizing the urine...would mean less piss bottles for the truckers
From April 2nd to April 30th, we come together on social media as a united planet. And we talk it out. We set personal standards and discuss what values to prioritize. And on May 1st (or whenever we all get out), we try to live up to our talk.
A website to review people
The Presidential Candidates must compete in a live heads up no limit texas hold’em match before the election
A dating app that matches horse girls with men who takes pictures of them holding fish! 🥂
Wtf did i just think
Reanimate the corpse of Bob Barker and have it lead a campaign to end teenage pregnancy.
Coronavirus defeat day celebration
The government should hire all the Jehovah witness to be on our doors 24/7 so we dont open our doors and stay in quarintine
YouTube should only allow 2 uploads per day to prevent karma farms
All clothing sizes should be given in metric or standard dimensions.
Replace junk food (chips, soda, candy, etc) with something yucky then seal it back up in the original container. Let the kids have at it, so they'll develop a distaste for junk food.
A butt plug that periodically lets nicotine into your anal cavity
My new show "Hey Fat Ass!", about an overweight donkey trying to survive high school...
Plastic liquor jugs should have a cap like mouth wash that can measure a shot.
Calling Virtual sports to raise money for charity!
A "shopping list" function for games with complex crafting/alchemy systems like Witcher 3 so you dont forget what components you needed for multiple recipies instead of swapping between the craft and shop menu 10x
Let people "test out" of traffic lights
The present should demonstrate leadership by undertaking a bleach enema as part of his next daily coronavirus briefing.
Jeff Bezos should give a sit down interview to The Onion and just say some totally left wing things. Hilarious.
An electronic paper book whose text can be changed so people can have the selection of an E-Book while still having a paper feel
There should be a feature on amazon, where if you don’t want to wait for the shipping time, you can pick up your package at the warehouse if it’s in your town/city.
A search engine to search your password to see if it’s the only unique one on the internet
the game "simon says" but with puzzles instead of simon, like "if 103 is a prime number it says stand on 1 foot", and if you stand on one foot or not at the wrong time you lose a point
Governments create digital currency, pay citizens to mine it using new green energy backed by green bonds.
Employer Shaming Website
It’s no secret that you tube has been demonitizing videos for no reason, and overall has just treated its creators like shit.
Wario should get his own game
Put a solar powered satellite phone booth on every island in the world. Make sure it has a big flag pole for max visibility. Lets make STRANDED ON ISLAND a relic of the past.
Poachers have to watch bambi everyday in their gaol time
A really long rope with a hook at the end that we can use to pull the moon back towards us.
Open an air conditioning company in the District of Columbia and call it ACDC. And the whirring of the fan plays their music as a form of royalty + mute button (just in case)
Start Avengers Endgame at exactly 9:29:30pm so Tony Stark snaps his fingers at the same moment the clock strikes midnight. That’s the best way to start a decade.
Headwear for the prehistoric gent
A stock market, but for singers, musicians and bands.
One day in a year all games should give out lots of money for fairly simple tasks that require some skill. If they dnt we are legally allowed to sue them.
With all the new people in the gym this week, we should start a system where a certain color clothing item = lift with me
If Roe v. Wade is overturned, we should pack the foster system.
A box with a screen with a hole in the middle to stick ya dick into. You can put on some kinda porn on the screen and the inside is filled with electronics to replicate gyrating movements to match the movement.
If everyone in the world lived on one island it would solve world war,racism in time,and international affairs
Reddit idea: Sarcasm slips
1sub=1shot(vodka)
A dating app that works by connecting users to other random users over a video call.
Foreign bots on American chat boards?
Build gravitational turbine on the Moon to produce electricity from rushing through space around Earth and Sun
Release a Muppets-only first-person shooter game called Groverwatch
After the virus restrictions calm down I want to roadtrip around the US. What are your favorite places on the mainland?? Let's make an itinerary!!
Have public washrooms that aren't closed around like 10pm so people have a place to effin' go
Designate all races as Human
An epic Rap Battle between the farmer from Shaun the Sheep and the teacher from Charlie Brown.
You know what would make great TV? Find people who are waking up from a coma from say the 90's and film their reactions to the state of the world right now.
Make gas pumps beep when they're done pumping to help prevent people from driving off without removing the nozzle.
not making laws that discriminate against people based on the number of hours of their time they offer to sell
Bacon Soda
On July 7th, instead of just not spending money, everyone should rob a bank at exactly 12:00 noon.
E-book notes tied to wikis
Since YouTube accepts ads by bot and not person as long as you pay, either use them to force education on people or even advertise uBlock Origin so they learn how to block ads and tracking.
It's a revolutionary new ointment for sore breasts. I call it... "Tit-Ease"
"Coronado", like Sharkando but with corona instead of sharks
2020 Olympics should take place via teleconference. Let all the athletes compete against each other online, so they’re physically separated - performing simultaneously on numerous stadiums across the globe. It’s impossible, but dammit this would be epic.
Instead of the traditional voting system. You receive an anonymous list of everyone's policies and you vote for which ones you agree with the most. Bam fair president
A clothes store that tells you how each item would affect your stats
Voting should be mandatory
A sketch where Mrs Galore is an old woman suffering from psychosis. James Bond, an animal welfare officer, attempts to rescue her mistreated cats.
an all you can eat grocery store but you still take the food home and cook it yourself. Its all you can eat during a certain time range like 2 hours at your house. They somehow know, maybe using a camera in an app you show them, how much to food you cooked and ate in that meal, excluding leftovers.
Amazon should start a box reuse program. Just leave your empty (still in good condition) boxes outside your door when your next delivery is coming and Amazon will take the boxes away and reuse them. This would greatly reduce the number of boxes ending up in landfills.
Genetically engineer biologically immortal perma-kittens
In my opinion democracy as a way of governing is missing some key laws needed to make it function as intended. And I'm unsure if they have or indeed ever have been in discussion. So I'd like to ask for your input / additions / criticisms
Crowdfund a supervillain/superhero. There are people out their wanting to be one.
A shuffle button for Netflix shows (or video streaming in general)
A button to quickly toggle auto correct on and off on your phone.
Every four years we go into lockdown for one week in the memory of the pandemic and to honor science.
new type of penis that get's larger when it is aroused
Give Biden and Trump Covid and the survivor wins the election — if they both perish, well, then we can have a legitimate election of reasonable candidates
If we fused dogs with lemons we could cuddle them and squeeze them and make lemonade at the same time.
KFC should sell just Fried Chicken Skin
Covid-19 helps you find the best discount coupons for the best deals!
Big brother but for polliticians
I have a really crazy idea, trust me...
There should be a Yelp! For cops where people can search them by their badge number or first and last name.
Cannabalism!?
Put chlorine in your E-cig instead of vape juice to help fight off COVID with the power of vape!
Dragons caused the Ice Age
Take away the testicles and penis of convicted violent criminals and give them to FTM trans men.
A sitcom in Spanish about Jesus' nieces and nephews called ¡Ay Dios Tío!
Buy cheap ad-runs in video games oriented towards kids to teach them how to recognize domestic abuse
I have created the ultimate condiment by adding a new ingredient to a well-known classic. On January 1st... the Shartar Sauce revolution begins.
Turning r/redditgetsdrawnbadly into r/roastme for a week
Mean awards on Reddit for people who are dumb
Make a reddit bot that follows people who continuously make the "i IdEnTiFy aS aN AtTaCk hElIcOpTeR Xd" joke everywhere they comment and reminds people to address the person of interest with their preferred "flip/flap" pronouns.
Dating a Jehovah witness lady is pure gold,no birthday,no valentine,no Christmas.You will only buy new umbrella and sandals
Make CBD cheaper than cannabis. Not literally the same price.
A mobile game that is completely free without transaction or pay2win but saving your progress costs money.
Let's just save ourselves the effort by mixing r/cursedcomments and r/holup into one thread.
Only send stimulus payment to those that get the vaccine.
After several years I curated this epic House music playlist! with the finest Progressive, Deep House, Tech House, Disco, Funky and electro. My only purpose is make people get to know and enjoy House music!
Current American dream ...
Doctors should research a way to safely replicate symptoms of uncommon illnesses and even some common ones in people and administer it at regular suggested schedules so people know what it feels like if they actually start to develop that illness.
Paid actors as NPC in the video-games.
Cheeto Nachos
Recruit rich American dentists into anti-poaching unitsmake a ZZ Top style covid-19 mask that hangs low
If you buy a subscription to Reddit, you have an avatar with armor, a sword to run someone through with. They die for 24 hours if they say piss you off. (Or you can give them the option to carry a flair sign professing you as their creator. )
The entire world is home right now. Time for an r/Place?
I digitized our companies coffee tallysheets. May I yours too?
Repeatedly post on r/wellthatsucks that you've just been diagnosed with Alzheimer's.
Incentive for Movie productions
What if, instead of saying "Hey, Siri" people from Britain have to say, "OI SIRI!".
When someone is charged of murder, put them in a room alone with the family members.
An Academy Award show for all of the 2010’s
Establish “secret shoppers” for police, so law enforcement officers never know when their next citizen interaction will be a surprise evaluation...
Reddit should have to pay us for all the content we provide.
Every year we hang 700 random people so the 700 unluckiest people are out of the gene pool and by natural selection and humans evolve to be luckier because the unlucky people won't be able to reproduce leaving only the luck people
A "breeded" virus that cures cancer for everyone who gets infected.
Make Waldo’s hat glow in the dark so that going into a dark room will help you find him.
Have definitions, short history snips and descriptions follow the dialog of tv news and political campaign footage.
Rigging the pyramids with a baking soda chamber and a vinegar chamber to troll future civilization explorers.
You can buy goods and services. You can also buy bads.
Police ID and Accountability
A 42 oz bottle of alcohol. It has an extra 2 ounces for "the homies".
What if back up assist cameras turned on when the turn signal was turned on? If the camera had a wide angle view, it could see blind spots and prevent more accidents.
Have Cashiers technically labeled as Law Enforcement Personelle.
A device that you wear on your wrist that pumps out generous amount of hand sanitizer as you are about to shake hands with someone. This way you can shake hands and sanitize each other hands.
A sketchy looking site telling every visitor that they're the 100 000th visitor and they've won an iphone. The first person to actually click it and give their information actually gets an iphone.
Police officer training that works to avoid killing innocent people in their own homes.
If you get caught doing any crime, just say "I got caught up in the moment"
They should make a Rated R version of Sesame Street.
News site that forces all different views of the same story, and forces you to read them paragraph by paragraph and does not say which news site published each one.
Start dividing TV and movies by scenes on streaming sevices. Allow you to skip each scene like you can skip each chapter on a Blu-Ray.
Stop issuing permanent bans from subs after a first offense
Every proposed law also comes with mail in votes for each politician
Discriminate against racist people.
With everyone at home with nothing to do the cable companies should make all the pay movie channels and pay per view movies free..
a restaurant called the Soup NaziRewrite "Stan" by Eminem, but as Donald Trump.
In the Future Warfare is not faught with guns, but with Gamma Radiation Transmitters
The Perfect World would have 500 million people. It would have 1 Emperor and 7 kings for each continent. There would be one language, one currency and open borders. Everyone would have free top quality healthcare, education, housing, organic food, electricity, water and a Basic Universal Income
We should be able to trade Karma for reddit coins
A smart shower with a dry hands setting so your sandwich doesn't get wet
Become a ∞-agent and work for every government in the world. Like a double-agent, but they know your an agent for every country but they refuse to fire you because you give them good intelligence even though they know you give away intelligence regarding their country
The wet mushy sink food, but popsicle form
They should do a show where two stoners who don't know each other meet and smoke weed
Implement Toynbee's big idea, in Kubrik's 2001. Resurrect the dead on planet Jupiter.
How I lost money in crypto in 1 week but gained it right back again in 4 minutes
Peas Carton: Like an egg carton but every individual pea has its own spot.
Elected officials have to live off the median income in their country as long as they serve.
National opposite stop light day
We should build a portal to the literal edge of the universe and teleport me and a power saw to see what would happen?
Verkaufe meine nudes auf Instagram Milaa.ga &lt;3
Tentacle condoms
Make a post on r/progresspics where you put an old photo of you back when you were thin and fit, and a current photo of you when you're obese but label the photos incorrectly.
Placing the charging port on cellphones to the top of the phone instead of the bottom so I can browse while charging with my phone resting on my body without bending the charger.
Videogame AI that get better at whatever you trash talk it in
This time, instead of shouting "Happy New Year," whimper "Please... no more" and keep drinking.
Sprinkle American soil over the entire country of Britain to claim ownership.
A website that gives you small hints if you get stuck in a video game. Nothing that will spoil content, just enough that you can head off in the general direction of where you should be going
Governments of every nation releases all their top secret information of their leaders but hide them like golden tickets inside of Wanka bars. Watch the economy grow.
A Segway but also a lawnmower.
Far from adding an 'Edit Tweet' option on Twitter, they should double down and remove the 'Delete Tweet' button altogether
Built in fleshlights underneath the steering wheel in cars
Those who study manipulation and lie detection to study a whole list of let's player who plays Among Us.
Reverse The Purge, if someone do a crime in 12 hours, no matter how small and petty it is they will straight go to the jail. Oh and, dont tell anyone when is this day suppose to happen.
Government agencies have always had a problem with people mis-using Government-issued credit cards, often accidentally. An easy fix for this? Make them all hot pink. I mean, would you ever use a hot pink credit card by accident, or get it mixed in with your personal credit cards?
If we see a spike in birth rates due to COVID-19 self-isolation practices, that generation should be named the “Bloomers”
Option for death row inmates to become human labrats in exchange for a life in a luxury prison.
Its my dream to be at the helm of a show that just docu-drama'd all the great characters of history, real and fake, with every season focusing on someone new.
Hospital ships can't get everywhere - we should set up hospital trains with beds/ventilators/staff to travel the country all year as COVID-19 flares up in different places
If blocks of Democrat voters from California and New York organized and committed to moving to swing states a few months before the 2020 Election and voted as residents of those states, they could handily win the Presidency.
The US should add January 6th as "National Donald Trump Day of Mourning"
A revenge against "evil"
Using your phone at a red light should not be illegal.Take down the internet and cell service to make them utilities.
An Annual Purge but for Retail Workers
A reality show of flat-Earthers trying to find the edge of the Earth
Someone should make a movie from a plant perspective where time appears moves much quicker and human are these weird creatures moving very fast
A cloning machine wich clone you in videogame/film etc characters
What about a show called "real world" where when ever a celebrity complains about being stuck in there huge house they have to switch places with an over worked parent(s) with five kids and no money to buy food or pay bills for 7 days.
Build a line of bathrooms that runs all the way around the world, one stall right next to another, and run the internet wires through it cuz its the last place privacy exists
A rocket-powered knife for throwingReplace all the cereal in the Cheerios box with live bees
In the presidential debate, every time some one interrupts they should lose the same time they took interrupting.
When a new disease pops up, medical workers under close supervision infect themselves immediately
Everyone write "December 31st is the end" on a balloon and let it go on Dec. 20th
Always speak in a foreign accent, so whenever you forget a word or stutter, you have a viable excuse.
A browser extension that makes all images load line by line like you’re on dial-up.
Criminal defendants should have the option of having an actor in the courtroom play them. This actor can be whatever race, or gender the defendant wishes.
have a female to male sex change while pregnant then broadcast the unusual birth
Plant a flower in the poop in your butt and let it grow out your butt
School boards should open, but require a COVID-19 vaccine for your student to show up.
An ID for voting that is only obtainable by doing a test on your knowledge about politics
A national chain of porn studios where the male actors have to pay the female actors.
The ebonic plague: A Chicago zombie movie where the zombies just get in your face and do gang signs endlessly, you can't move and you starve to death
A dating app where you leave reviews
Mastering your own emotions is like pokemon
Star Trek except instead of uniforms they wear pajamas
The dragon weed ball challenge
Want to collect the IP address of every gun owner in the US?
Bleu cheese pizza
All cars should include a "gunfire detector" microphone that automatically phones the police in case the car is used to perform a drive-by shooting
Since sickness and pimples are usually only discovered upon waking up, if we never went to sleep we wouldn’t get sick or have acne.
They should put Cinderace in smash
A new superhero called PowerFool, who has immense power, but a below 70 IQ, and is extremely accident-prone.
Can I make an excel sheet that leads to the secret of peace?
A casual resto featuring Middle Eastern food and all halal dishes - called Allah Snack Bar
a website that predicts the future years in advance by reporting news as it comes in but writing an earlier date at the top of each page
Companies claiming to be "The Best" must be able to provide empirical evidence backing up that claim, or be charged with false advertising.
Make showerthoughts fortune cookies
Will it toast? Different foods, not random stuff, and side by side taste test compares to preferred method of cooking.If Bernie Sanders is the candidate he should adopt the Pepe meme as its use will become inevitable and by ignoring Pepe and other Donald Trump memes he misses the opportunity to flip Trump supporters. It would be the battle of the Bernie Pepe versus the Trump Pepe.
Ban a sitting president from campaigning for his next term. His actions have to show off why he should be reelected. It is a waste of time especially right now when the Country needs actually help.
Maybe peaceful protesters should go to military bases with signs asking for help defending their constitution and perhaps convince the military that they are supposed to be the good guys.
For every five years you are on reddit you should get enough coins to give five gold medals
Volume controls that only go to even numbers and numbers ending in 5.
A bird bath or fountain which would spray water on birds everytime they took a crap near or in it
Too bad that out of the few that actually showed up to Area 51, no one dressed up in a green morph suit and did the 'Dame Tu Cosita' dance. Defiantly a missed opportunity.
Instead of debating people going for president should be thrown in a gladiator arena and told to fight to the death
Women in US states that don't require masks in public because it "restricts personal freedom" should protest by walking around without a shirt on
To cut carbon energy use, fuel pumps that increase the tax per gallon as the amount of fuel is pumped and the laws that would allow it. Commercial fuel pumps would increase linearly, other pumps exponentially.
Every famous artist should include at least one track that they really like by an starting-out musician in their new album.
Anyone who speaks on tv, radio, or other platform must wear a lie detector test
Everyone's browser history and social media posts get analyzed by therapists
I have developed a revolutionary system for accessing the tops of buildings... Ladies and Gentlemen- I introduce to you...
In the midwest, typos should be called typ-opes
My board game inspired by Slay The Spire will be soon on Kickstarter! 2 Years in the making.
neon green outline of a dog on menu items/containers for food items, to let customers know the product is safe for dogs to eat
A 3D Touhou game/fan game.
Tax is only paid from one person to another instead of going through a middleman who takes a big cut. The middleman still makes the policies of who owes how much and who should receive how much, but does not ever have the money themself since they cant be trusted with it.
Wormhole Portal
What if we just stop supporting YouTube in general?
Social app to help you achieve your goals
Reality TV Show idea: Give actual submarine captains Subway stores to run for a season
A food delivery service
Replace all guns with nerf guns
Make Google maps vr compatible so you can walk around cities and feel like you're there
A human breeding season.
A subreddit for crowdsourced comebacks.
A game where you give people random tidbits of information about yourself or family members anonymously, and dare them to find and doxx you.
Someone should make pregnancy pants in mens sizes and market them as "all you can eat buffet pants" or "Beergings"
A range of long, cat-shaped cushions called "caterpillows".
If you live in a country where water bills are a fixed tax, attach a turbine generator and start harvesting power from the water supply
Vote Oskar Lindblom as Metro captain in the all star game to show him all hockey fans are with him
2020: masks, 2021: helmets
There should be a speedrun category for how fast you can buy out a stores stock of something.
Instead of taxes, the government should start business like gyms and restaurants that compete with other businesses like any business would, with the profits going to the government. This would mean no taxes and provide countless jobs
When explaining why you stole something, say "has not informed them how they can otherwise get access to their ordered supplies"
Charge everyone more tax then give it back to them so they feel like they did their duty in paying it and like the government for giving them money
What if we tax robot workers the same as people?
A non-lethal hand grenade that shoots out rubber balls instead of metal shrapnel
What are some really backwards things to do in public for a YouTube video? For example holding doors shut for people or asking old ladies to help me cross the road. Thanks!
Hear me out...
A new word that means "not over the internet/phone/videogame" because saying "in real life" feels weird since it's a part of real life
Counter-acoustic/Counter-shockwave vacuum-layer suit for firing rocket launchers without the risk of TBI or withstanding future acoustic weaponry.
hwat if i came ibn a bong and hten went 'ZOOOOOOOOOOON' let me hit!" what woulf gyus!!! wouldit hurt"!
A prank series where young people pretend to be technologically illiterate and ask old people how to use their phones.
When Door dash, UberEats, or Postmates ask if you like the app, we should all press 'No' from now on.
The Reverse Argo: Hire Ben Affleck to kidnap Trump and sneak him into Iran and leave him there
How about a coast to coast interstate roller coaster? The coast to coast coaster
Create less sweet overall dessert brand.
Online web advertisers should take a page from services like Stadia and have webpages rendered remotely and streamed to a browser.
Once you reach $1b US, you are required to give a dollar to anyone who asks - Thus creating an imperative to avoid combining fame, wealth and power.
It should be legal to kill people who throw cigarette butts out their car window
Divide money into different types of money.
When News networks cover politics, they should not have a D or R by the persons name
A therapy episode after end of Every tv series and anime which tells you what to do with your life after the series ends
Where is Tekashi 6ix9ine ? A website that leaks 69 address so he has to keep having to move.
Start a marketing campaign to make dromedary dates a sexy snack by branding them as Camel Toes.
A website for calling in water-balloon airstrikes on your friends.
Instead of voting for a new president, Trump and Sanders nominate people that would've voted for them to duel/fight with each other. The winner gets to be the new president.
A Lumberjack themed bar with real chainsaws and sharp axes for drunken patrons to enjoy.
Scooby Doo, but with murder
Hook everybody up to a a transhumanism experience machine for a month then report all the findings, sensations, and experiences.
In order to combat emotional manipulation, make it illegal to use adjectives in the news
Easy Way to Make Money Without Porn
Let’s make ship sails out of graphene and retrofit shipping containers so they’re more fuel efficient.
A segment like celebrities read mean tweets but instead they read the posts made by fans sexually fantasizing them.
Let's have a worldwide party after the COVID-19 pandemic. Our theme song could be "All Over the World" by ELO
Have a battle royale of all the senators and reps voted out of office each election cycle.
An organised squad that encourages mask-wearing by gently touching a soft dildo to the lips of anyone unmasked in public shared spaces (disinfected between gentle touches, of course)
Tribal Connections: How successful and accomplished Jews hold special preference to their people and how this negatively impacts multicultural societies
Multiplayer game companies let 3rd world kids play for free but their game version makes them lose all the time in order to let the paying customers win more often and feel good about themselves. It's like pay-to-win but without letting players know.
A show about bill burr building lego sets, without instructions.
1. A cooking show where chefs must use ingredients picked out by 5 year olds. 2. A cooking show where chefs must *only* use ingredients from a 7-11.
What are the types of Project Costs ? - Msys Training
Let's give the richest 500 companies 4 trillion dollars instead of $26,666 to each of the 150 million working Americans
Threaten to destroy the world with a clear timeline using nuclear weapons or whatever so that people will have a reason to prepare for the oncoming global catastrophe.
Slow Motion Turtle Races
A Reddit Autoscroll feature where you can set your speed
Here's a fucking crazy idea! The left and the right throughout Europe and the US stop fucking arguing and fight the actual imminent enemy instead of pinning it on each other.
A Reddit bot that automatically downvotes any comment that reveals the comment above is a Rick Roll.
Baseball would be better if hitters are allowed to bat out of order...
If you want to destroy the system using the system, then hire some consultants from the Hong Kong Protests that have been going on for almost a year, those cats have got their shit together.
Reddit punching bag account.
A poll tax to improve voting machines
Social media, but it's all one big account that everyone has to share
On International Women's Day, all women take the day off. On International Toilet Day, all the men take the day off.Replace cabinets with multiple dishwashers so you never have to unload and reload them.
Cheering up Social Network for Singles!
Maybe we should commit to this idea of running the government like "a business" and look into automating congress?
Need Ideas!
Crazy idea: Sephardic women with big eyebrows hmu
That Pink Floyd Song, 'Does anybody here remember Vera Lynn?', but for Piney.
Tape a mouse to a drone and give it the ride of its life
Hands free phone usage by blowing air on your phone screen to swipe through notifications.
Another black mirror idea: The Celebrity Meat Market
An Inside out show or sequel movie that features brains of kids with disorders and mental illnesses.
Too much?
Srsly, why human's head isn't placed in the lower parts of the body? To get more blood flow.
Sell Airplane survival kits in the airport parking lot, just a couple of 3m masks, and hand sanitizer. Charge 30 dollars and rake in the coin.
A cover band that only does covers of famous covers, &amp; is secretly made up of famous musicians.
We should change the year 2020 to year zero and make everything before it before coronavirus and everything after it after coronavirus.
A Universal Live Mobile Tracker Tool for every one
Pat Sajak and Alex Trebek should be replaced by CGI/AI characters and kept as hosts of their respective shows FOREVER.
A Zoo but just for dogs and you have to pay to get in the exhibit with one
Have the full length Sonic 2 movie trailer use the horrible Sonic from the original trailer in the first movie, just to mess with people.
Child’s Play Final Chapter
The reason anti-vaccine info is spreading is on purpose to allow governments to manage the logistics and slow delivery of the vaccine making sure only the smart and powerful get it first thus buying time while the stupid don't want it right away this buying time for the government
price tags of $3.(9…) which converges to 4.0-epsilon, and mathematicians argue if it equals exactly 4 or not.
A show on a streaming service where you pick your own adventure
Reddit should look to Tax Havens next
Star Wars TROS but with Darth Jar Jar instead of Sidious
Save millions of working hours in the workplace by insisting that everyone misses off the last letter of every word when they speak. Thi wil Pu Britai bac o it fee
Help me get this to the world.
Use the Olympics to settle wars
Remove all comment sections from the internet. Nobody's allowed to comment on anything anymore.
A celebrity chef show where they have to use the same crappy cookware as us common folk.
Reverse Coronavirus
Elected officials' salaries should not be fixed but tied to the economic growth of the area they govern. If they want to shut down businesses because they don't agree with what they're selling they should also have to suffer the loss of business the owners and employees have suffered.
Steven Seagal Spider-Verse
A “morality law” where convicted offenders of extreme violent crimes have their human rights taken away
Brigade r/goddesses with sfw photos of wives/significant others and turn it into a wholesome subreddit
If you found a gnome, what would you feed him/her with?
Amazon should switch to reusable packages that can be picked back up or dropped off after you get your order.
A Trickle Up policy would be more beneficial to the govt, corporations, public, and politicians.In-vitro Sterilization
Slip incredibly rude phrases into otherwise kind and normal sentences.
Since there's an r/memes post about it: At midnight on the new year wherever you are, search "Why is there a giant health bar in the sky?" One last surprise from 2020.
In your profile you should be able to hold down, highlight, and be able to mass delete comments
Basically do voting through a verified account through a smart device instead of the ballots both for voting for president and to write something into law...
Capsaicin based hand sanitizers and soaps; you WILL learn not to touch your face.
Massive rickroll
What if in an alternate dimension, you are the same but different?
"Law Enforcement"
So... I actually made someone's crazy idea from here. I present The Beachstie Boys
Change the number 7 to a one syllable word
Not cool...
There should be something like Kitchen Nightmares but for failing governments.
A card reader that's fixed between a stripper's butt cheeks. Help the adult entertainment industry move to a cashless business.
If you can't deploy your tech stack as a brand new startup to a $5 vps you have no business doing software
Sell smartphones with better microphones and ear speakers.
I Can't Believe It's Snot Butter!
Pot noodles but they have weed in them
A tax system that allows the taxpayer to choose what percentage of their taxes goes towards what program (healthcare, defense, education, etc.)
Gift someone a trip with all expenses paid to Singapore, but slip a dose of drugs in their baggage and then snitch them with the Singapore police when they arrive.
Build autonomous electric garbage scows to salvage recyclables from the ocean.
A Permit FREE City
Job stream
Humans will be turned into data?
A remake of Pirates of the Caribbean but set in modern day Somalia
Twitch banned the word Simp. Start calling simps Gumps or some shit
Bad cops violently hitting an epileptic man in the face? Tasing someone having a stroke? Do you want to know who these officers are?
Allow schools to repossess degrees.
Rename /r/CrazyIdeas to /r/PostAnIdeaAndEveryoneShitOnIt
Fund a bunch of small businesses on the condition that they provide food and jobs to those that are struggling financially
Grow the mould from blue cheese in bulk and make a sprinkle-on version to add funk and umami to any dish.
If your born in the US automatically enroll as a registered voter. Set registration as active 18 years later. Upon officially moving out of the country, remove registration.
Start a U.S. health insurance provider named Blue Sword so that you can be protected by Blue Sword, Blue Shield and Blue Cross
Got a fly between your window &amp; blinds? Introduce it to your vacuum nozzle!
An app for dating polys
All of the bitcoin mining operations should temporary cease computations and be running the Folding at Home client to help find a cure for the coronavirus
What if dead phones still allowed you to see phone numbers from your contacts
A book written by reddit
A "message in a bottle" website where you upload any file to the website for a random person to receive, and in exchange get another random file sent by somebody else who used the website.
To prevent traffic jams on interstates write tickets for every driver going under the minimum speed limit of 40mph
Prison investment fund
Cities should plant fruit trees along their avenues instead of normal trees, that way the homeless have something to eat
There should be a grocery store system that scans your card at the front door as you walk in and you just pick up what you need and as you walk out they charge your card directly scanning the items on the way out as well
Voting Points System
Wikipedia should have a trivia section for entries.
We should force our governments to provide free internet while we are in isolation or forced to work from home. Free data would be nice too.
A gourmet restaurant where the menu is based off crappy junk food like spaghettios, pizza rolls, corn dogs, chicken fingers, fish sticks...
If Trump supporters refuse a coronavirus vaccine en masse, we could finally see signs outside businesses saying what most workers are thinking, "No Trump Supporters"
Expand the voting Options
A quadcopter that opens beer bottle and pours it into your mouth hands free
Hire professional hecklers to be in the white house press corps.
New law: for every dollar spent on political advertisements, $1 must be spent to reduce the National Debt.
Instead of fussing over all the personal pronoun options, let’s all agree to use the royal we
Normalize nocturnal lifestyles to accommodate for early birds, night owls, and people who work the night shift.
Games that have a "Pacifist" achievement should also have an "I'm usually pretty nice, but fuck this guy" achievement where you kill exactly one enemy the entire game.
A Boomhauer audio clip generator based on an input topic that uses thousands of dollars worth of AI research and development to get perfect.
Alphabet Flesh Lights.
A Harry Potter themed sitcom featuring the ghosts of Hogwarts.
Send 2 battle robots to Venus and livestream their fight back to Earth. The winner of the fight will be granted Artificial Intelligence/Sentience when we invent it later.
Roomba but for mowing
Using an apple slicer to cut the crusts off a sandwich while simultaneously cutting it into 9 bite sized peices.
Toddler insurance, a type of I insurance for expensive electronics that protects them for the destructive hands of toddlers
Netflix should feature a Twitch-style live chatroom where you can talk about the show you're watching with other people also watching that show.
To make them even mightier, replace the blood of every US Marine with LION BLOOD. Tip of the spear, Oorah!
Put all the conspiracy theorists in a Truman Show island and film it for entertainment
A taxi that works by continuous auction. The first guy rides for free, but they pass someone willing to pay 50 cents per mile so he controls taxi now and the first guy gets out and another auction taxi comes soon. Keep outbidding each other so the taxis are near always driving for free market price
Reddit software Engineer allow user to edit title of the post, not just the comments
Create a TV Show called The Soup Kitchen. Every episode simply features an old man slowly eating soup, except the season finale which is an all hobo orgy.
Split America into two parts: PVE and PVP
Sell pairs of matching Ties and Masks
Start an antivax clickbait site. Advertise it on FB. Use the revenue from the ads on the site to sponsor vaccine clinics in underdeveloped countries.
A dokumentary where we follow two women inside a third women's place, they do something, and when it's time to leave the second woman stays and the third woman goes with them. Repeated with more women's places so in the end the two initial women are somewhere and we follow a totally different group.
A medical insurance company that, instead of paying overpriced fees in America, simply flies their clients to countries where medical care is cheaper.
Midnight in the Gordon of Good and Evil. A new tv show from rPAN and Chef Ramsey that pits two teams against each other. One team that he encourages and supports, another team that he breaks down and berates.
Halloween morg - Rent dead bodies prepared by a taxidermist (like the animals you see at a museum or as wall decorations) for halloween. If you're not doing organ donation, why waste it.
New Tesla feature, allows you to roll coal on diesel trucks when you punch it off a stop light
Make a house out of ice and paint it. Wait for the ice to melt. Now you have a house made of paint.
Mind blowing: I love Jewish girls with dark brown hair and big eyebrows
Move Ganymede into orbit around the sun so we have another planet.
Crowdfund money to buy the rights to popular movies, tv shows, books or music and put them under a free license, thus freeing them from copyright restrictions.
An app like an RPG menu where you can list your goals as main quests and fun stuff as side activities
Play a full game of soccer without shoes
They should play "Toss a Coin to Your Witcher" at the SuperBowl. The Chiefs are Henry Cavill's favorite team.
Gang bang chain
King of the Hill should be shown in school once a day for the betterment of our children.
The solution to cryogenics?
Full Service Gas Stations
Make all chairs massage chairsInternational moon appreciation day because it's always there for us even at night when it can't see us but is there to support us anyway
Daylight Saving Time should start at 2 PM on Monday so most people lose an hour of work instead of an hour of sleep
Designate one country as a "test market" to try out different systems of government or public policies to see if they will work before adopting them everywhere else.
When you say 'Forward' or 'Back', your lips move in those directions.
Start a company that makes buffalo sauce and call it "Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo" Buffalo. The sauce doesn't have to be good; it's just to add a ninth buffalo to that sentence.
Personally controlled Social Media filter+timer for specific words like a spam blocker. Block movie/tv titles for hours/days/months &amp; avoid spoilers. Avoid annoying memes, game requests, political topics, challenges. If you chose a timed filter, you can see all you missed when the timer is done.
DO YOU WANT TO RECEIVE A FREE SHIRT FROM THE "AMERICAN GUN ASSOCIATION"?
In light of “best case” death count projections related to COVID-19, they should release the numbers of deaths assuming ZERO precautions were ever taken
A real life recreation of the Warehouse level from THPS
Buy 4 houses. One in the UK, one in India, one in New Zealand and one in the US so the sun will never set in your property.
Live action reboot of Michigan J Frog's "hello my baby" Cartoon.
For all the missed birthdays. Let’s all vow to have OTT birthdays once this blows over
Everybody should bring a spoon to the superbowl in support Demi Lavato.
Everything public should be recorded.
Get a burner phone and text my mate "we are pregnant" and turn it off
Youtubers should upload back up videos on to pornhub incase the original gets removed for copyright infringement.
Force all candidates for U.S. President to have lived in another country for more than one year and be proficient in more than one language
Bottom Hell is worse than Regular Hell. I have my own ideas for what it should consist of (below). Any thoughts? Edits? Discuss!
Create immunity by exposing positive people with masks on to other people with masks on
Respect the first-ammendment rights of people with controversial views such as racism, fascism, etc.
Gym membership paid by producing energy through cardio
Great community on Stoicism. A way of living that teaches the development of self-control and fortitude as a means of overcoming. They talk about some really crazy ideas. Thought I would share with you all.
As commentary on the times in which we live, Comedy Central should air, uncensored, Idiocracy for 24 hours straight.
Google Maps needs a "still open an hour from now" option.
Open a Pendulum Museum. On opening day, hang a rope from the top of the ceiling in the middle of all the pendulums and tie yourself on it by the foot. Surprise the visitors by offering a tour while swinging around the building.
A Jumbo roulette wheel with 100,000 different spots, The price per bet is $10 and winner receives $900,000
A VR headset that pairs with a treadmill so you never get bored of what you’re seeing, and it makes your journey more enjoyable.
Someone should offer a large cash prize and only people who haven't been infected with COVID-19 until there's a vaccine are eligible to win.
Every time someone says "I'm serious", say "XM".
The only remake I could get behind
Redraw all the country borders as per timezones, 1 country per timezone
Make the scores for health inspections at restaurants available to the public to see.
Turn off the internet
Disney should buy Spaceballs the Movie and merchandise it like crazy!
Implement UBI and only pay on election day
Ever wanted an expensive coat or hat?
If we can make something float steady high up in the sky for 12 hours, it will end up in the opposite part of the earth.
Thai Muay.... A sport where trees and Baboo shoots kick your ass if you don't move fast enough. They begin by hitting your shins.
A video game where you experience a small amount of pain every time an enemy attacks you
We should treat our elected officials the same way we treat cops.
Lazy parents Hitting disobedient children was punishable by death
Would people think that rainbow mayonnaise would be appetizing?
Cooking show where the judges know nothing about food. Call it 'picky eaters'
Political terms are proportional to the gap between first and second place votes
Supermarket distributors should partner with hospitals to create in-house, staff-only pantries for food and other necessities. Then nurses, doctors, and staff wouldn't have to frantically look for things they need between 48-hour shifts during the pandemic.
Ok—hear me out, canned water
A show once a week with The Queen sharing what she REALLY wanted to say/do about (insert event here) but couldn't
Sports sound tracks during covid where swearing, heckling and chanting of bullshit is played, not just crowds cheering/applauding
Born without a conscience
A Large Jigsaw Puzzle, Limited Edition of 500; Each with a Different Single Duplicate Piece and Single Missing Piece. To Complete Your Puzzle You Must Find and Exchange the Correct Piece with the Other 499 Owners.
An AI who answers multiple choice questions based on machine learning.
Sprinkle American soil over the entire island of Britain to claim ownership.
I'm insane enough to think I can change the world and I'll be loud enough not to shut up about it after I get rolling
Breeding a cow with a chicken, so everyone can enjoy beef wings.
Blog name
Corona Virus was created by the Chinese government as a form of population control.
Netflix should buy cable and network channels and have them as categories
Elon Musk creates an AI robot that looks like an old rich white man, and makes it do demeanings chores
A gym, which sources electricity from its machines and powers parts of the gym.
A racing game with incredible graphics where you don’t race, all you do is drive trough the countryside whilst calm music plays.
Alligator wrestling, but the alligator is not allowed to bite.
World changing idea
Everybody on Earth leaves to colonize a new planet so that Apes and Chimps can evolve to become the new intelligent life on Earth. Millions of years later, we return to see what progress they have made.
"Waste" agriculture should be provided to the homeless and those in need
Just realized, when children have crushes aren’t they considered pedophiles?
A Yelp for wages.
Someone should make a parody fictional show about Navlany serving his 2.5+ year prison sentance in Russia, in the likeness of "The Interview"
What if the the election process and campaigns for public representatives be like Sports Drafts?
Dating and gay culture in Spain and Lithuania. Sex on the first date? 🌼🤪
Tap to pay at a gas pump after you pumped your gas!
bury me with a whole bunch of acorns in my coffin
Kill off Batman and Superman from the DCEU
A cryptocurrency tethered solely to GME share prices
A Crazy Goodbye Gift Idea For My Geography Teacher
Require High Schoolers Ride The Bus or Carpool
Create a coin presser to press US quarters into South Korean 100 won coins. Marvel at the value you are reducing.
A subscription positive reinforcement text chat service
Stores should offer refunds to hoarders who want to return unused items like toilet paper, sanitizer, and masks, but the refund should be only ~80% of the original purchase price.
A scared straight program for Karens where they have to do an 8 hour shift in a customer service position and deal with people like them.
A way to automatically hide all comments and posts from users below 21
An online ranking site for strip clubs called: Stripadvisor
Ireland should decide to drive on the right side of the road from January 2021, just to piss off Brexit-UK.
People massively decide to stop paying taxes. They go to prison. All of them now make the state spend money instead of gaining it. Massive debt is accumulated, and eventually the state can’t spend and cannot enforce it’s control. There is no longer a state now.
The Burger King sides combo: Half Onion Rings, Half French Fries.
I've been wishing for something like this
How to bend a minute
Bars without bar staff. Just help yourself to drinks. Pay as you leave.
Only comment "Gustavo Almodóvar" on Reddit posts for the rest of the day.
During protests police broadcast their body cams live where anyone may make a copy of it before they have a chance to cover up any wrongdoing of police
A 1/2 scale 12 inch ruler with large print to make objects look bigger when doing reference pictures.
A gun that doesn't hurt anyone but makes the target owe $2000 more in taxes and makes the shooter owe $1000 more
Virtual Reality Schools
When travelling far away (preferably to another country), don't bring your phone; instead put a computer mouse in your pocket.
A really wealthy bodybuilder should lift only gold weights. Gold is 4X heavier than iron so they could lift tiny weights and confuse everyone.
The option to buy extra bags at the store.
Due to the quarantine, YouTube should remove the ads from their videos and allow us to watch them without interruption.
DIY rolled ice cream table
Require all goods to have the cost to produce on each item
Measure skate tricks in radians instead of degrees
An official subreddit on which at least twice a year, a user community idea is voted and actually implemented in reddit as a whole. For example, being able to sort your own comments and posts by community, karma or keywords
We should feed, clothe and shelter every human on earth and then figure the rest out later
Put the servers who cannot work to deliver food for the restaurants as a way to still make money.
A crossover documentary movie that details the efforts of the angels and demons working behind the scenes, using foresight, cunning, long term planning and a lot of duct tape, to tie together all the religious, parody or otherwise, movies into one timeline
What if there have been many other instances where a virus has "escaped" but China was somehow able to contain the spread and the rest of the world never found out. Unfortunately, this time it didn't work.
The family of a murder victim should be able to kill the murderer.
A hose/faucet in every bathroom that sprays rubbing alcohol so that you can be sure that you’re clean
Pills for your cat/medicine already integrated in catfood. (Adaptable for other animals)
Rename sports teams after local endangered species in order to cultivate awareness and preservation.
someone should make a movie where the actor who played Ron Weasley and the actress who played Ginny Weasley are romantically involved with one another
An energy drink for death metal vocalists. It gives them energy to death growl and scream, while also being designed to leave moisture and help your throat generate a little bit of phlegm, something which is very important for growling with good technique.
A crazy ideas website where you have to submit your idea for "x" in 100 characters or less. Ideas are grouped by category and ranked by most upvoted.
You don't get karma for posts on your cake day...
What if we used anti-vax against anti-vax.
Hire squirrels to clean gutters.
Nurses, ER doctors, etc should come together and sign a letter begging the president to stop encouraging his followers to break health guidelines
Biden and Trump should go on a road trip together Top Gear Style because their comedic pairing is very good
An app that logs in with your google account and keeps logging in from random places and visiting random websites so your actual preferences and habits can't be tracked when mixed with all that noise
A sensor on your car that detects another car coming from a good distance away, and will notify you if you have your brights on while the other car is passing by to prevent blinding any further drivers
GG should be an official alternative to Congratsulations
Dice should make a Battlefied Scythe with Mechs
Obnoxiously colored sticky hand soap that only dissolves under 25 seconds of warm water.
Make US presidental election international so we can fix it.
Every new smart phone should be fitted with a device that will melt all the internal wiring of the phone when activated by an external trigger.
Police officers who turn their body cameras off when it comes to allegations of misconduct should be automatically fired. No ifs, no buts.
Pay per view really means pay per view
Increase the power and amplitude of all 5G towers to kill the virus.
Instead of the floppy disk, the universal save file should change to a disc or a USB stick
Wet-as-print-shaped/sized neck pillows, marketed for traveling couples
Star Wars ships in war or smuggler ships should’ve been painted all black
Should be a requirement for all car sharing cars to have hand sanitizers.
A "skip episode" option on Netflix that allows you to just watch the opening credits. A much faster way to binge watch a series!
Extinguish the brush fires in Australia using modified MOABs
State-sponsored tinted windows to end racism and melanoma
Start a news network called “Fake News Network.” This network would only cover positive articles on the Trump Administration and their actions
They should call the next Guardians of the Galaxy movie “Asguardians of the Galaxy”
A podcast about serial killers where it goes into detail about the killers movements without mentioning any names, then reveals it was actually just a cop being moved to different stations for “bad behaviour”.
A video game where the enemies loot your corpse.
Crazy Idea: Impose a worldwide ban on reproducing.
There should be a Super Academy Awards every 10 years, choosing the best performances/movies of the past decade.
Do a number 2 without doing a number 1
Tom Morello starts broadcasting to Reddit so that the 'Top broadcast right now' is one of the best guitar players of all time.
A restaurant that buys chick fil a on Saturday night and serves it on Sunday
Send 1 PostCard around the world!
a special court that includes all of the people of the US as a jury to let people out of jail with a majority vote.
We should decide who is should be the president by setting up a Europa Universalis 4, Hearts of Iron 4 and Age Of Empires tournament and see how well each canditate play and rule their country.
Good Republicans should write in "Abraham Lincoln" on the November election ballot instead of voting for Trump to take the party back from racist loons.
A sensor that locks the doors of public restrooms indefinitely when it detects that a toilet was flushed but a sink wasn't activated within a 15 second time span from when said toilet was flushed
Make a calendar with every shitshow that happened in each month of 2020
An Italian-Spanish sauce store called Sal's-a
Start a Plants Rights Group that believes plants experience pain and should not beat eaten or harvested.
Big WTF: A Big W store where all the items are rearranged in a chaotic way. It's a maaaadhoouuuse!
Don't shoot people?Donald Trump really should have played a few games of Sid Meier's civilization IV
Police should have the last 4 digits of their badge numbers printed across the back of their outfits like they're on a pro sports team and the same number written across the front of helmets and visible from at least 10 yards away.
Reddit, but once a month every user can delete one other post.
Request the government to maintain a public website listing all the 4d volumes of gps coordinates (3d space + 1d time), of a 4d volume (8 numbers) of where they claim the government is NOT doing anything, such as killing people with automated drones, or that there are no police near you
This will probably be removed because of rule 1, but I am genuinely curious. There should be a poll of white Evangelical Christians in the U.S. of if they distrust African Americans, Hispanics, and Chinese.
The rich buy several islands and build housing and equip with food and servants. Then poor people are sent to live there permanently.
Amber alerts should come with photos of the type of car to look out for so those who don't know vehicle brands and types have it as a reference.
An airline that allows you to have sex on board.
Disney should sell ear plugs for $50 a pop right outside It's a Small World.Replace someones lock with one that looks the same but every key that slides in opens it
If a police department kills a suspect in custody, the department is required to put a full size statue on the front of their precinct.
Pussy flavored condoms so you can suck yo homies dick without it being gay
Locally owned small business filter for Google maps results
A non lethal weapon that launches a stream of tape that is coated with adhesive on both sides that the target get tangled up in.
Pi Network Cryptocurrency
New Music Sharing App!
Popcorn is a fruit
Host a "game of thrones" where the queens of the United Kingdom, Tuvalu, Jamaica, Belize, Barbados, Papua New Guinea and New Zealand compete in a winner-takes-all-titles fight to the death
Get really high level arrested hackers to hunt down other wanted hackers for a reduced sentence or even getting them under a conditional release which would motivate them to the max.The exact same thing as the Olympics, but with religions instead of countries. Including the atheists.
We should use local ferry ships or commercial fishing boats to transport the covid-infected elderly to triage ships.
What if we gave the Sami people independence and make the country be the seat of Santa claus, so that kids can see the kingdom really exists when they learn about it.
A sub called r/clevercomebackscomebacks dedicated to the responses of victims to clever comebacks. I would love to see how some of these people try to recover from some pf these devastating comebacks.
a youtube channel called cinnamonsins ( or cinemonsins, cinnemansins, something along those lines). reviews various recipes involving cinnamon, different brands of cinnamon, etc. mainly by addressing the negatives and making pop culture references
Place a typical RPG-looking chest in the middle of nowhere. Set up a trap inside it.
An exam/ standardized test where students are allowed to use smart phones
Seinfeld cast as news anchors
Hat based feudalism
Draft for healthcare workers
Students at every grade level should be allowed to test out of any class at school whenever they choose. One attempt per class, per semester.
Give every newborn a birthdate (bare with me) that sticks with them forever, that is automatically entered into every website they visit to prevent lying about birthdates, and then enforce the minimum age on every pornography site to prevent exposure at an early age.
Statistically, no aeroplane has ever crashed while a giraffe was piloting…
Doom soundtrack should be doom metal, Godzilla soundtrack should be Gojira.
Start calling Covid-19 the Deep State Virus and say wearing a mask is the only way to keep the shadow government's nano-particles out of your bloodstream.
Every company that cancelled their public events due to the coronavirus should livestream their events and new product reveals on YouTube in the style of a Nintendo Direct
We should have a “Consumer Confidence” Day in August / September (when Coronavirus hopefully blows over) where we all go out, shop and spend money to kick start the economy
New reality music show
Best Way To Maintain Laptop?
Remove the autolink feature when you name a subreddit and allow people to place their own link there instead.
We tried a business man as President, and it didn't work out too well... Is it time to try a rapper for President?
Replace the muzak at IKEA with Swedish death metal.
After game developers stop supporting games they should make them open source so the community can keep them alive if it's a great game.
Rename the area with all the Smithsonian Museums into the 'Museum Museum'
Mash Basket
The United States has too many states. They should merge them
An iPhone feature that allows you to put your contact in someone’s phone by tapping it against their phone with NFC.
Warm minty wait please hear me out
Doctors who actually take you seriously
End streaming.
Old Timey Looking Radio Box Containers For Google Home
In Ohio, court settlements are arbitrated by a series of entirely random games played by the lawyers--from paper rock scissors to a fight to the death. The game is decided by a box of 0-19 dice and a pope-blessed list of a thousand games.
Put fake sirens on every tenth car so no one knows which cars are real police and which aren't. This will lead to a decline in traffic violations because people will be too scared to do anything because that might be a cop next to them.
Two sets of blurbs (Netflix etc.)—hear me out
Discussions of assassinating a national leader should not be illegal. Risk is part of politics.
Melting the polar ice-caps right now, to get it over with.
Tech Hunter-Killer groups
Genetically modify humans to be cyclops.
Legalize EVERYTHING
Police should not murder black people.
Require cops to have an accountabillabuddy. A qualified person has a video feed and radio link to each cop and cops can't shoot without permission. The accountabillabuddy can turn cops in for misbehaving too.
Ideas For a Project
A sport where the strongest people in the world carry small horses to a finish line as fast as possible
There should be an option to be prompted when connecting to WiFi or Bluetooth.
An Ice Age Jurrasic Park Sequel
Throw a dart at the periodic table, start a religion worshiping the element it lands on.
pwpwpw
Alaska lumber business
Negative awards on Reddit. Spend your coins to shame somebody for re-posting or to warn others to not guild them for their Karma-whoring attempt
A social media site where you can only have 100 friends and can only post every two weeks
Completely dismantle all regulation on fossil fuel emissions for the entire planet for two years. Pump out as much coal and gas as you can. With modern technology, we’ll now be able to more accurately understand what kind of implications this has on climate change.
Instead of making the Queen’s Guard shout “Make way”, start a rumour that they all have coronavirus
Urinal cakes that look like 100 dollar bills
Shazam but for weird noises your car makes.
A book about bookshelves that itself is a bookshelf
Horror films should have a blooper reel after the movie to lighten the tension.
Give every house a moat to decrease crime
An barcode scanner app that tells you if a product is made by Nestle or other companies that are being boycotted
Similar to "Have I Been Pwned", credit card companies should buy credit card dumps to notify cardholders their details have been stolen
The timing for COVID 19 breakout was a convinient way for time travellers to prevent WWIII while minimising casualty by limiting it to non contributors of population
For April Fools day Reddit should mix all of the awards around.
Everyone in every religion should go on a “religion strike”
Privatised marriages. Instead of having your relationship officially recognised by the state, register your relationship with Google, Facebook, Amazon or Apple. Those companies then offer perks to their couple-customers. The possibilities are endless.
Have triplets. Call them all "Paige". I now have a book.
We should send mouth gags and butt plugs to all members of congress.
Super Bowl Sunday should be a national holiday.
Holiday where service workers are allowed to be as much of a jerk to the customer as they want and the customer just has to take it.
Some YouTuber should make a video where they try to get Corona in a week so we can see how hard it is to actually get it and not some other disease.
Fast food restaurant that pretends to mess up your order
The average adjunct professor is paid $2,700 per class. Instead of paying for a semester of college, hire your own professors and start your own college program.
Add ‘The Slap-Gallery’ as an option instead of prison-time
Drones shaped like birds that can be targets for hunting
Invent beds that make you get out of bed by tilting one degree every second after your alarm goes off
Me Too movement for cops wives
Make spaghetti and syrup a common meal so our grandkids don’t get the joke in Elf
A Star Trek episode where the crew find themselves in the distant past and discover that magic, fairytales, and ogres are real.
Donald Glover as James Bond. That’s it.
Quarter or Half Christmas Trees that fit neatly against the wall or in a corner
Avengers: Endgame should’ve been called Avengers Ensemble...
Instead of a percentage tax, let companies pay 100% tax above a certain threshold
Everybody switches to Venmo as their primary social networking app.
Contact Tracing in Schools
WFH Strike
DeepFake: Two Faced AI That Is DANGEROUS
Nintendo should make the upcoming Mario movie a direct sequel to the 1993 movie
You should be allowed to throw a cream pie in the face of anyone with their nose hanging out of their mask
We put into effect a law that states that if you can prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that someone was praising nazis or nazi saluting, you can punch them in the face within 20 seconds just one time.
Change time out to time off.
Magnetic smart switch that simply flips the switch, or pulls the chain of celling fan to adjust fan speed and lights Independently.
Dentists should let patients bring earbuds so they can listen to extremely loud death metal music to avoid hearing the dentist grinding teeth during root canals and crown operations.
Delete Reddit with no explanation
Publish McCarthyism style lists of anyone attending reopening rallys
Legally change your name to Donald J. Trump and run as a candidate for President
If we haven’t already, we should be making like a dozen stone and/or clay copies of every major historical document. Paper deteriorates, wood rots, metal &amp; wax can melt, and digital has limited technological compatibility, but stone &amp; clay can last for millennia.
5 mins unskippable advertising presentation before every university lecture, and have them sponsor that classes' tution fees. Basically YouTube but for university.
Biden should tear down the parts of the wall Trump actually managed to build and use the material to build tiny homes for asylum seekers while they're waiting for court.
Chess standing up
What about: Chicken nugget Gushers. Theyre Chicken nuggets but with ketchup or bbq or whatever you want already inside, só when you bite down its as If you dipped your nugs
American Football... But give everyone a short sword.
Many ppl start using a new word that doesn't mean anything. Try to use it in a variety of ways so others can't figure it out. When they ask about it, say you have to learn it by example.
Trail mix bags without the window on the front, so you can't see into the bag to tell if you're grabbing more m&amp;ms
We should start nuking deserts, badlands, etc.
Wrong Fool In Prison Mints
They should make all straws curly straws.
We elect Big Chungus for president this year
coronacoin
If we all walked around naked less people would be obese
Gal Gadot needs to drop a new singing video with her celeb buddies in their mansions, but this time they should all sing Rage Against the Machine's ''Killing In The Name.''
Read the articles before you post/comment on them
Metallica's James Hetfield should do ASMR
Joker, except the main character slowly becomes Peewee Herman
An app where I can type the minute of the movie and read everything I should've learned from the plot so far without spoilers
Require journalists to use the phrase "unverified study" when referring to research that has never been replicated.
Imagine a one world order where globally there was equal opportunity and there was no such thing as a 3rd or 4th world country.
Put a "back" button on ads. Many times, by the time I take an interest in an ad, it's already gone from the screen.
A feature that allows you to hide secret messages within seemingly normal looking messages on your phone. You view them by doing something specific to your device that you choose in the settings.
Any day now...
*Two* small buttons on your tv- one makes the remote beep, the other immediately sends full details of all your incognito browsing to everyone you know- they are unlabelled- do ya feel lucky, punk?!
“Sunny days” - the opposite of snow days for when the weather is unseasonably nice
An idea for why we haven't met Alien Life
A reality show "My manager is better than your Manager", played Karens and their Manager.
Everyone show up to vote this November and let the best man win
Make new year's resolutions legally binding.
Don't grant DC statehood, grant it independence, voluntary or otherwise. Involuntarily force them to be an independent city-state. Keep the US Capitol there.
A dual purpose sleeping pill and laxative called Snore-lax
Reznor and MJ Keenan need to do a duet.
Trump Pardons Ghislaine Maxwell
A video game where everytime you die and learn more about the enemy's patterns and fighting style, they also learn about yours.
Doordash should have a subsidiary that delivers weed. Doorhash
Hamster Electricity farm.
Reddit voting styled elections
Instead of the DARE program, we should just show kids requiem for a dream.
Shower while clothed. Wash your clothes as you would wash yourself. Then undress and wash yourself.
Slip POTUS an executive order to sign disguised as a contest entry form printed on the inside of a cereal box. Have him legalize all drugs.
May antimatter appear as a result of some vaccination?
Maybe our next step in evolution as a species and as a society will be the result of this plague, but for that to happen we must embrace the lesson that it tries to give us, and it's not a simple one.
My new Native American cooking show "Sioux Chefs"...
Government should color the sky toxic green nationwide in case of a pandemic or other disasters to discourage people from going out.
Try for a happy ending at the dentist
Create video games for blind people. Using Tactile, Braille style interface instead of a visual display.
Go karts but for the housing crisis - all shelter is on wheels and you have to fight for accommodation like a hermit crab.
Flamin' Hot Cap'n Crunch
A Spotify playlist of your most skipped songs so you can decide if you want to remove them from your playlist
English at school VS English in real life
Domes over roads
All "kitsch" material must be limited to pornography.
„Sort by Random“ on a YouTube Channel, besides „sort by new“ and „sort by top“.
Jordan Peel makes a modern adaption of The Count of Monte Cristo.
Once everyone is vaccinated we should have a massive 3 day party to boost the economy where all businesses participate
Reddit mobile should provide an option to change image thumbnail sides
At NFL games waterboys should use 5 gallon red gas cans for slinging Gatorade
Give everyone the test for covid antibodies, let everyone who has already had either without symptoms or without complications go back to work.
A YouTube series where game devs react to rule34 art of their characters
A Cheeto news filter. I’m tired of hearing about this asshat...
Anti-Vampire lampConquer China using advanced hologram technology to flood China with gay ghosts. GG China.
Make a Hallmark movie with the Star Wars Prequel actors
Please help me make my gf TikTok famous as her birthday present
PAYBACK TIME for DM harrasment on social media (Sexual aggressive texts, photos, stalking, videos)
Wouldn't colleges be better if their price was based on a percentage of graduates' income?
Repeal your hipaa medical privacy rights cuz covid
Cumbucha tea
A shoe made out of lego, so everyone you stand on lego, it doesn't hurt, you just get taller
A machine that projects your imagination on a TV
Touch devices should include a feature that allows people to identify themselves as vulgar typists, upon which it no longer autocorrects common foul language to things like "duck", "batch", "pens" and other jibberish.
A gay Christian dating app called Glory Hole.
Get a 100+ hyper hamsters, put them in hamster balls drenched in lube, and let them run free in your school/workplace
Allow only the poster to see the upvotes/downvotes of a post/comment to prevent people being influenced by it.
The government has the ability to punish you. Restore the balance of power by any citizen is able to punish the government.
Fitforastraightjacketpeoplemeet.com
A full contact American Football game with 2 teams of adult males that have never played or seen a game before.
Google should use this time, with deserted streets, to update all of the Street View images
A bunch of quadcopter a each dropping $1 per minute in a random place, and see how many people run around trying to grab the next dollar
What if they put scent in the CPAP water while it’s on? I’d like to see lots of scents, including the flowers that help you sleep, the smell of bacon and coffee in the morning.
Someone goes around and days, "I have found a way to record dreams." He gets a bunch of unknowing test subjects, and hooks up wires to their bodies while they sleep
Doctors office specialized in narcotics
Could a significant impact be made to address homelessness if we asked community colleges and hospitals worked to together to provide temporary housing, medical/social services, and a positive social environment?
Money should come with an expiration date to stop the omega rich from hoarding money, and to insensitive people to spend more money, keeping the economy stimulated
A version of jeopardy where you see a consequence and answer with an action that caused it
#StormArea51 had a specific date and millions following, can we do the same but push for people to delete Facebook on a specific date?
This is just a theory is about how things are (sorry if this is hard to follow/understand this made sense to me and feel free to ask questions)
Don’t delete Facebook
A online community for time travelers, which you can only enter with a password, but it‘s regulary changed and posted only, if it‘s already outdated
Grocery stores need a website/app that allows shoppers to input their list and it outputs a map to follow in the store that eliminates back tracking.
Poornography: Make yourself feel tingly by observing those less fortunate than yourself.
Have a bunch of AI* Turing test each other and see what happens.
A /r/2ndchance sub where you get to repost something you were surprised didn't get more upvotes (rate limited to once/month max)
Kitten-therapy salons. You rent a reclining chair, you sit down, and someone places a kitten on your chest. Patrons may adopt the kittens.
You could you could start a business and wrote different names on different languages on sign and everyone in the different countries, will be confused what the store is for Haircuts or Massuse or Post Office etc.
Online news aggregators (i.e Google news) show a “political bias” meter next to the news headline showing political leaning of each of the news outlets.
Temporary song downloads from public sources.
Sell 5G blocking “devices” to conspiracy theorists... use the proceeds to fund better science education.
Throwing a party where no less than 50% of the guests are golden retrievers
Corona themed face masks
Do American's really believe themselves?
Google or Facebook use their advanced data collection to make an app that suggests you movies.
Whoever comes in second should be vice-president
Kick racist southern states out of the US. Force them to make their own country and watch it wither on the vive. All the BIPOC can come here so it's nothing but racist white trash who have to live in their "white supremacist utopia".
Throw concerts but just provide hazmat suits to all of the attendees. What an epic live video experience that would be.
Pools in whatsapp group chats
A videogame that SECRETLY rewards you for placebo techniques.
A job to fill bottles at households.
A phone setting which “scrambles” the home page location of certain apps.
Replace all law enforcement with drones that shoot immobilizing foam grenades
A gamers union
Food Businesses should keep contactless delivery going post covid19
Homeless but no making enought money? Start a dog walking business but just bring the dog to the street with you and put up a sign that says you dont have enough to feed your dog anymore
Replace mirrors in all fast-food restaurants with ones that make you look fatter
Use police apes instead of police dogs
All blankets should have stripes on them so you know where the sides are.
Convertible airplanes
Brainstorming about recycled concrete material and new uses
Free App connects people requesting help with any skilled task (changing tire, building a computer, sewing, etc) with expert volunteers in that subject matter through a live video call. Instantaneous live video call 1 on 1 help with an expert in anything, anytime, for free.
Sports Entertainment Racing
Reddit should have a seizure warning before every video plays
FDC regulations preventing phone number spoofing.
get 1,000 I-Devices with Actie Siri. Then say "Okay Siri, ask Siri to please recite pie to the 10,000th place. Then they all ask eachother and then all start an choir of Siri's reciting Pi to eachother
Screw flex fuel, we need hand sanitizer with 60-95% alcohol
Celebraties who got MeToo'ed should be forced to forfeit their royalties for the old work they have done. This way viewers can watch these movies guilt free and other folks who worked in them will not be punished.
All politician's should have a polygraph test every time they address the people
There is a supreme being(God) what if religions are just the different interpretations of people on how he/she/they look/s and acts
Politicians "shut down the government" while arguing about who gets how much money. Let the voters shut down the government for the same reason, until we get more money and government departments get less or until other things we want happen.
Imagine if the phone that you called when you got stuck in a lift, just called someone else who was also stuck in a lift.
Black people should live in three states only
Whoever needs to be hospitalized for Covid, the hospital checks their google timeline to see if they have been acting in a responsible way to decrease the spread. That will determine priority if resources run low.
Railgun spaceship
A tv show where a financial expert goes to a working class family and helps fix their finances, rearrange their budget, helps them invest, etc. If he can’t do it the family wins a cash prize.
A cover of Cotton Eye Joe but it's sung like How to Save a Life
Send an invoice for $1400 to the guy that stopped the $2000 checks we need.
“Sun Days” in colder states. Like snow days, colder states occasionallyclose school and work for particularly nice, sunny days.
A Philanthropic Double Sided Bagel Shop
Apple Macbook Air
Every post on reddit containing the death of someone (family, celebrity, strangers) should be flared with a tag that prevents the OP of getting karma.
A small portable device that makes people have lucid dreams... VR on steroids
A multi-tier reality show about people watching reality shows called something like "Chains of Surveillance"
The entire world just completely ignored America
Cars that automatically flash their tail-lights if they detect a car is following too closely
Install Dr. Strange's glowing portals at every square to solve traffic problems.
Tinder, but you find play dates with dogs in your area. Swipe right to take a dog on a walk or spend time together at the dog park. The dogs would all be from shelters. The revenue from the app would help cover the cost of running the shelter.
A porn website but with no nudity
A small button on every tv that causes the remote to start beeping, so you can find it.
The motto for 2021 should be Hakuna Wakanda. Let's get started on the right foot this time.
Crash the world economy to protect the elderly and infirm from a pandemic.
Make a sports team with members from all around the world, and have the hometown be Pangaea.
A musical keyboard built into a 17” laptop for on the go music artists who need to travel a lot or are just on the go
Movie Idea: A lonely mistreated girl gets a cross necklace that sends people to hell by flipping the charm. After being attacked and turning insane she uses that power to its full extent in order to gain possession of her long time crush who is a prince.
There should be a reddit game show where you determine if something was posted by a bot.
Only black people can be cops from now on.
There should be a subreddit that allows you to post text like tweets for those that don't use Twitter
have a terrance and phillip in 4D, half the people smell terrances farts and the other phillips farts
Use Facebooks social graph to track who’s talking about relatives dying to covid and check against the official numbers to see if hospitals and governments are really underreporting.
Conspiracy Theorist Reintegration Clubs
Since Trump relies so much on the media (i.e. Twitter) what if we used that against him.
A delivery drone that delivers stuff from around the world
Build a team, f the mafia
Mosquito sadness spray: it doesn’t kill or repel, it just makes them too depressed to bite anyone.
Sell me your cash app account for $300
A docking station where you can put in your laptop and use the station it's graphics and Ram power so your laptop can be used for work and gaming
A social experiment to build a new city
Zombie apocalypse movie or show but flipped on its head so the protagonist is a man trying to wrestle control for their body back and having to see themselves kill so many people
Once a year, order a new life-size cardboard cutout of yourself so you eventually have a bunch of them that portray how you’ve aged over the years
Every time Trump lies in the debate, Biden should lie back twice as hard.
Forget High Speed Rail, Have Low Speed rail where anywhere's a railroad, if the train is slow enough!
Legalise hard drugs and sell them through government mandated stores to people in possession of a 'drugs license' akin to a drivers license
A cooking show. But the person/people preparing the food are really drunk.
All major companies with a Jewish heritage invest in a movement to bring satellite internet to the world using an optical connection protocol.
Lo-Fi Mix Videos of others WFH could be an awesome trend to curb loneliness
cure for covid-19 efficiency
HOW TO FIX ANY SUPER OLD PICTURE...
Disable social media and TV on voting days to increase voter participation.
The Simpsons become homeless from now on, because the lifestyle that they have is now considered a luxury.
Make a bot that posts randomly generated posts on various subreddits and train it to gain Upvotes via machine learning
Hear me out....
What if instead of reparations...
What if this is all just the world's greatest April Fool's prank?
Eliminate Columbus Day, but we do it by removing October 12th from the calendar completely. We then add a day at the end of February.
I Wanna Fall Forever
i am making a porn game
Auto-scroller for Reddit while I eat my breakfast
There should be a ? Vote next to the up and down votes for people who have no idea wtf you're talking about.
A wearable, portable dinner table that allows you to walk around in public and eat a nice cooked dinner at the same time, demonstrating your excellent table manners to the world.
A cybersecurity company where instead of interviewing to get hired you have to successfully hack into their system and add yourself to the payroll
"Dining with DeVito" a new diner outside Vegas that has a wax statue of Danny seated at each booth. When you open the menu, a little built in speaker plays him saying a line from one the character's coresponding movies.
Gender reveal party but a stripper's underwear colour indicates the baby's gender
To be able to find all dog and cat tax comments in reddit in one place.
Let’s use the phrase ‘my potatoes have boiled dry’ as a euphemism for having a lot of sex.
Antimatter is imagination
I want to start a museum for people’s most prized possessions.
Copy paste, but for pens/pencils. You write it once and then the pen writes EXACTLY what you just wrote where you tell it to do so.
The Governments of the world agree to start enforcing rules to reduce the overall height of the population of the planet, thus reducing the impact on its resources
25 Republican States &amp; 25 Democrat States.... the Citizens MUST live in their state they support red or blue......so.... how do we go about the President situation? 2 Presidents or .....?
Give your cat an organ transplant to have human vocal cords. In fact, just swap your vocal cords with the cat's.
A messaging app where you can see what the other person is typing if your on at the same time, even if they don't hit send
Remove some events in the Olympics and have a Dodgeball Tournament
All breakfast foods (eggs, bacon, cereal, oatmeal, sausages) should be packaged inside eggshells
A film genre like horror, but designed to evoke anger instead of fear
Weighted chainmail blankets that provide the comfort and security of having a weighted blanket along with the actual security of chainmail. You'll never have to worry about getting stabbed while sleeping ever again!
Wii Sports Resort remake in VR/on the Switch/as a virtual world to explore.
Spy vs. Spy in Smash Bros.
A version of YouTube where no one gets demonetized unless it’s something really bad, but creators still get ad revenue
Get a dog. Name it "General". Then when people use the expression "in general" yell at them "What were you doing to my dog you perv?!"
The Bachelorette: XXX
A sub for high people to post random questions but only people on adderall can provide the answers
Find a person who browses r/CrazyIdeas, hack into their phone and slowly start adding more and more posts about placing Donald Trump in a secluded fake white house and letting him pretend he's still president.
having a video as your desktop background
The NHS should send you an itemised bill, but with an ‘amount due’ line at the bottom that says £0.00, just like AppleCare does.
To quick test people for Covid, instead of taking their temperature, make them blind taste test a jelly bean. If they get the flavour wrong, dont let them pass
Use nuclear option in US Senate, then before next elections relegislate a 60 vote threshold
Combined should be respelled to ComboundCreate a country where everyone lives in steel houses which cannot be penetrated, abolish the government, force everyone to produce tons upon tons of material for society, and now you have a functioning nation which is Communist by definition.
Government should deliver contraceptives to each household during lockdown. Oh, and food too.
The Savior Reveal The Next Economy Evolution Will Be A New Public Equally Owned Company Type
We put Betty white and the Queen in isolation together for their safety. We live stream it and call it “Quar and Tea, with Betty and the Queen”
Prisons Should Be Segregated By Weightclass.
An option on Amazon checkout to opt out of that specific item/order being placed in a cardboard box...
A human vs kangaroo boxing league. A real one though.
A full length feature film consisting of nothing but film studio logos!
2 Presidents, 1 country. Voting is transparent, and voters must live according to the policies laid out by the President they voted for.
A brand of shoes where the inside is lined with memory foam
Create a social media website for crazy people and conspiracy theorists to stop them from infecting the rest of the web.
Global holiday
Print out a bunch of basic Patents, Build a rocket and launch them to Mars. Collect billions in licensing fees from the first settlers on Mars for using your patents on things like clothing and cooking food.
FREE project • Next-gen Society Initiatives • Time to ACT • You matter! We need you to join
The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives should rebrand as the Bureau of Firearms, Alcohol, Tobacco, and Explosives. Then it could go by the acronym FATE.
All workers in the United States go on immediate strike, while using Unions to share money so that unemployed people don't suffer as badly. The entire economy would pretty much crash, and in return the companies would finally have to give workers actual benefits and higher wages.
There should be a dislike button on Instagram
Bleaching or darkening everyone by force to end all racism
Make Election Day a holiday so that employers can’t penalize employees for not coming to work
When time travel is created, master the robot-dance, travel back to Ancient Greece and convince people you embody a God
An app that helps track my progress during quarantine. I feel I'm being too slack at home.
A function on car alarm clickers that causes your clicker to light up or vibrate when your car alarm is going off, so you don’t have to go outside and check for every car alarm that sounds like yours.
We caused hell to fill up, so Satan is making a sequel in Australia. The fire and heat is to get everyone not a sinner out.
Now we’ve all heard of stand-up comedy, but that is a little too irrationally exuberant. We need something to balance it out. I propose Stand-up Tragedy!
Google Maps should show a cartoon/avatar for every person and car in real time
Make every sub “quarantined” until this is over.
Get 2 obese men, put them in a circle, and have them charge at each other. Wearing thongs.
Create a software company and sell for 100m. Create a compound in Belize to harvest algea for its antibiotic properties. Give up and rape your scientists, create a militia/sex cult and start producing bath salts and try to take over the goverment of Belize. Then return to USA and run for president.
Covid risk offsets: let businesses stay open but charge extra to offset the risk
Instead of dildos, companies should sell dildo moulds to make ice dildos, then if it gets lost in there it will just melt. Will save 1000s of hospital visits.
Any position that does not pay a living wage should not have the right to be referred to as a "job."
Wireless camera inside a box made of two-way mirrors
Change current laws to allow people 90 years or older to volunteer for human longevity studies that don’t need the standard process for human studies (animal studies, small group studies, etc)
An idea to mitigate debt and climate. Get $1000 off your student loan debt for planting 100 tree seedlings.
Something to put on your tongue so that you can eat after brushing your teeth
If you legalize whoring, then a woman can put up a sign that says rape me for only $1million and instead of her rapist going to jail he owes her a million dollars and she gets whatever of that he can pay
Have two different upvotes: the standard upvote and a pity upvote
A policy that caps how rich one can become.
A subreddit personality quiz
Bring back indentured servitude, get rich
This is Why YOU Should Make your Own SAMPLES
Give left turn racing more variety!
Have medicine commercials show graphic clips of each side effect of their medicine instead of happy scenery to portray the true danger
Make goggles that enables us to see Carbon Emissions and make it compulsory for everyone going outside to wear it for a month.
Create a drink company called "Contains No Juice Inc.". Sell cheap sugary drinks that contain no juice, but have your company name on them with "Contains No" in extra tiny letters; and "JUICE" in huge letters. Profit.
A chicken nugget restaurant
Apple juice or cider made or sold by Apple.
A Facebook group where everyone is an admin to simulate socialism.
Make brown shampoo and sell it under the brand "Sham Poo"
A "child reveal party" where they launch the baby into the air with a potato cannon, the couple that catches the baby becomes the God Parents.
Create an anti-clickbait website that catalogues many of the popular clickbait topics and summarizes the points into its own single page, allowing you to see everything on one page without all the ads and multiple page loads
We should arrest people for being a minor with substances, but try them as adults.
Do an extended scientific study identifying the common characteristics of adults who continually use "your" and "you're" incorrectly.
Instead of ‘tea dances’ and ‘coffee mornings’ - tea mornings and coffee dances. Whoever can do the Charleston the longest without spilling a drop, wins a years supply of broccoli.
We should spam out google classroom with bad reviews so it’s taken off the AppStore.
Buses that display the sign “out of order” are actually carrying tourists from another universe/planet/dimension so they can see life on Earth.
Moderators of social media and other public platforms should be presented with and make jusgements only on content of posts. They should not see who the author is or any other posts from the author.
Biden's April Fool's Joke
Instead of using body scanning for online clothes shopping, use it to have your sofa broken in by robots to your personal ass groove before delivery.
Rick Astley covers What's Going on. He makes a video similar to the He-Man parody.
Hookup
An undo button on reddit for when you accidentally hide a post.
Feeling Brave? Here Are Some of Americans’ Most Bizarre Food Combos to Try in Lockdown
I want to start my own colony or society in an uninhabited place with its own rules and regulations and invite everyone on reddit
A beauty contest without make-up and hair products.
Anyone who refuses to wear a mask in public during this and any future pandemics gets sprayed in the face with Lysol
Can you destroy the universe with timberland boots?
Breasts kinda look like testicles. So I suggest to call them chesticles, since they are located on the chest.
Politician should be obligated to wear a lie detector whenever they are addressing the public or making a speech.
Put the up and downvote arrows on both sides of the screen for mobile
Disney Minus: It's basically Disney Plus except with all the movies mistaken for Disney movies
A zombie movie from their POV, and they are the good guys
A new law making it illegal to not have a sex dungeon in every house built since the 1800s. If caught without one in your house, you will be forced to serve 6 months in jail with the only possibility of parole being to build a sex dungeon.
Co-Ed NBA league with 2 men, 2 women, 1 trans-gender on the court at all times.
A computer programming language with autocorrect built into the compiler.
Straight men and lesbians are more scared of snakes
A tax on sneezing in public to balance healthcare costs for people without it.
Reddit should make all voting data public
Reddit coins as a real bitcoin alt currency where the value changes with a cumulative tally of all the up votes and down votes for the entire site.
Cast "Movie Presidents"
We nuke the virus.
Everyone stop buying health insurance, and pay for your medical bills via crowdfunding. Surely by cutting out the middleman we'll save money?
A hotline you can dial into with AI generated responses if you need to fake a phone call
After Quarantine, High Schools should be 24 hr learning centers for all.
Bleep out everything that's not foul language in movies and TV shows.
Surgery for a person to become a dog so it's ok for them to lick people and not back off when told to
If I created a 0 KB file and entered the data as the file's name, I have stored the data I need and still have used only 0 KB
Arguments with significant others would be just bumps in the road if we remember that it's us against the problem and not you against her/him
Someone should make a street fighter style game where you select world leaders as your fighter.
Get Your Shit Together app
Let's all wear Halloween masks instead of N95 masks to make this a "Halloween Quarantine"
Billionaires should start donating to Bernie's campaign so he can't brag about not having billionaire doners anymore
A toy tribble with a built in flesh-light as a novelty joke gift for Star Trek fans.
Create a grocery store called CHEAP FOOD with no trademark and let’s see who can compete with that
Enable movie, tv, and internet videos to be set to a max volume, especially with regards to music, instead of quiet dialogue making you turn up your speakers only for the overly loud music to then blow them and your eardrums out.
Act like a crazy person who is acting like a sane person
An entirely original fan-made JoJo series that Araki himself can approve, with more original characters and Stands with yet another organic plot.
Coronovirus: The war.
A Grand Theft Auto style game, but you're a cop.A documentary TV series utilizing 6th person perspective.
A Legend of Zelda and hunter x hunter crossover game.
Tapas should work with shojo and shonen magazines like shonen jump to adapt their premium comics into manga.
Artificial Intelligence designing video games
Put a person into your will just to cut them out of it.
A toilet bowl which can perform stool analysis as well pregnancy tests
There probably could exist mathematical object so advanced and complicated that it would be sentient
I just found a crazy idea with twitter
A store that gives discounts to people who like having red hot pockets stuck up their ass, and just for looking at they have red hot pockers and a fire near the cash register, for if some customers happen to want to use it though nobody has yet
Nashville Hot Schnitzel
A company that sells hotdogs &amp; hotdog buns/ hamburgers patties &amp; buns/ bread &amp; cold cuts or cheese in equal amounts so you are never left with awkward amounts
A YouTube randomizer. You click a button and YouTube gives you a random video in the pool excluding unlisted and private videos
Create a Temperature Measurement System that puts the temperature 0 ° as the mean measurement, so that the cold is represented by negative numbers.
Every Ball in every ball sports is now required to be made entirely of glass.
Human Breast Milk in place of Cow Milk
Fix global warming with an Adjustable Solar shield- a giant thin mesh Mylar like film that can reduce the sunlight on earth, opacity is electrically controlled by causing a contraction in the material tightening the mesh holes.
Make minimum wage the same as the year: $20 for 2020, $21 for 2021, etc.
New channel, 90s Nickelodeon but every one is in their 30's. Legends of the hidden temple, Double Dare, Rugrats, Hay Arnold. Everybody's out of shape, broke, working on their 2nd marriage, and still trying to figure shit out.
A sport where people will quick draw like in the west, but non-lethally, and they have to obviously be using revolvers
Tons of people on earth are action reincarnated with all of their previous memories, but literally can’t tell anybody.
Fruit roll-ups vitamins.
Toilet paper should be a tradable commodity on the stock market just like gold, oil or corn.
Someone should make a list of all the crazy ideas that have actually came true
A currency backed by the well-being of the environment
Corona-less reddit toggleswitch.
I want to make vegetables addicting by spraying them with nicotine
A prank pill that makes you unable to control your bladder when you sleep, the night you take it.
a summer energy saver first mom's of teenagers. put a device to zap whoever's holding the fridge open for to long.
When you hire a moving company, they contract the job to waitstaff who have served you before.
Someone needs to create the ‘elbow bash’ emoji
Reddit, but for over 21s
A Star Trek spin-off with a Law &amp; Order premise. The crew tracks down criminals around the galaxy and takes them to starbase for trial.
Only buy second-hand particle board furniture.
Instead of hand shaking, we start sticking a finger up each other's bums.
Buy-Sell-Trade groups that encourage public roasting of the item(s), price, or condition.
Adopt a kid and name him pet so u finally can have a pet you can talk to
Make video games about modern day problems, giving the players plenty of tools and resources. Apply the best solution to real life.
Distribute a (not really) free meal to mid-low economy people that have a job that came from the charity given from both person and institution by showing the ranking of the one who's giving the most so they have 'generous' reputation in public
What if every country imposed a one child policy with strict critieria and requirements to be met for even having a child - e.g. a permit?
Make the midterm election debates a series of sword fights.
Invasive downvotes
A solution to all misunderstandings
There should be a Database where Film-makers could upload unused film materials and outtakes, so anyone can freely use them to create their own movies/clips.
I posted a week ago with an idea to create a sub where people can post in a safe place to find out it what they are posting on the internet is cringe, and how to fix it if it is. I just created the subreddit, and would love some support in the new community. Its called r/isthiscringe.
Weed chaw
new idea that i Justhad: a resturand where you get Shot by the waitar.
Create a strip club called Live Fast and Die Hung
VR Physical FPS that each player is in a separated identical room to others when you play against each other.
A universal sigh language that would work anywhere.
A new 50/50 subreddit with gifs that are either oddly satisfying or mildly infuriating but you don't know until you watch it
A season of the bachelor but with a bisexual bachelor and an equal number of straight women and gay guys vieing to be the one picked
We should all start praising the "Trickle up effect" because that's how it really works.
Tinder, but for meeting friends
Crazy soldiers follow these orders
What if we did Informational Rick Rolls?
The NFL deems this year the Corona Bowl.
Baseball stadiums should sell tickets for seats in foul ball/home run territory, and use the funds to help stadium employees who are currently out of a job.
A show called Mighty Morphine Power Rangers about a group of teens addicted to morphine so they dress up as power rangers to rob stores for drug money.
Why dont we build a trench around the US ?
A sub for roasting each-others dishes called roastit.
Gather a large equal number of Republicans and Democrats and have a large hand to hand only brawl in a field somewhere.
Refrigerated Trash Can
Stock image superstar
The rules of war only apply to the stronger side
Curbside babysitting
on reddit, you should be able to subscribe to a post to get notifications when someone comments or if its a poll when the poll endsPhone/web app used to distribute weekly welfare benefits along with questionnaires that help experts track pandemic data.
A face mask that shaves you in bed so you always wake up freshly shaved
A steampunk remake of the movie "Tombstone", but instead of "I'm your huckleberry," Doc Holiday says, "I'm your custom Fleshlight", repeatedly and gratuitously.
Jon stewart does a charity covid livestream where he watches fox news live
A mock/satrical simping song based on Boyz 2 Men's "Symping Ain't Easy."
Instead of state/federal fines, let’s do what the NCAA does and force people to donate to a charity of their choice. That way people can’t complain about the money going towards “useless govt projects” and people still get the help they need.Skydive into the eye of a hurricane
Include a go to jail card in McDonalds monopoly, where the recipient gets sentenced to prison for 1 year effective immediately.
As a result of a conspiracy theory that China tampered with the U.S. election, Roiters from the January 6th capital attack who have not been caught by police attempt a similar raid on Beijing.Opposite middle finger. Like a hand gesture for "bless you" or "you're awesome" e.g. when a car lets you in front of them or something
Hold the next presidential debate on Twitter.
A hip-hop version of the movie “Yesterday,” where instead of everyone forgetting about the Beatles, everybody forgets about Dre
A button that would let you switch to a random person's Youtube video recomendations
A show like ‘Hot Ones’ but with pickled onions.
Make guns ridiculously cheap and easy to get. Make ammunition incredibly expensive. Like $1kUSD for a single round.
A Christian supply store called "WorSHOPping".
Legolas and Gimli could have defended the Capitol
When the pandemic is over, restart the global economy by investing in retrofitting hospital surfaces with copper
Punk Rock Graveyard where only true Punk Rockers are buried .Huge stage in the middle for kick ass gigs from upcoming punk artists
Realized that I haven't had a dream in over a year. AM I DREAMING!?
Invest in Modelo Corp. Start rumor that drinking Corona Beer protects people from coronavirus.
The US could annex the entire Middle East and force it to be secular so there is no more infighting
GNAP - Create an anonymous web page right now
A holiday like Halloween, but it’s socially acceptable for teenagers and adults to go trick or treating as well as children.
Make it legal to implant GPS tracking chips to prevent disappearances
Ageism in voting
Wouldn't it be great if all the worst diseases were coughable and infectious at 5 feet, cuz then someone would light a fire under the medical industry's ass to cure them
Fix the NYC subway system while it's shut down for Covid-19.
Make buffalo wings of real buffalo. They're not extinct. They still have them near the grand canyon etc and could breed on farms.
Wasabi flavoured toothpaste
The creative people on reddit should create whatever r/Tip of My Tongue can't solve
A new belief
Anyone who uses the argument "If you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to fear" has to have a webcam put in their shower connected to a public live stream.
Counting public votes by dropping / sliding coin-like metal disks with holes, to spikes in transparent containers
Say you program a full indie game- once you're done with it, you could create a fake kickstarter and reveal parts of the game to make it seem like the money is funding it.
What if humans are the virus and covid-19 is the vaccine for earth?
Grocery stores and pharmacies should allow emailing or texting receipts as an option instead of paper.
Have a Breaking Bad remake where Walt gets rich with "Math" instead of "Meth". Here, Skyler will cover up the money earned from blackjack (using math) saying Walt sells meth.
Hide drugs in your pets because drug-sniffing dogs always freak out when they see other animals and the police would just check the next luggage
I feel stupid and crazy but I think i may be the "Antichrist"
Compress unrecylable trash into building material.
Rename “Corona Virus” to “Trump Virus”.
Make old chromebooks “updatable”
A patreon where patrons get to vote on things you do during your day, what to eat, where to eat, etc it would be live streamed
Cash delivery service
A North American Free Travel Zone
Create a site called "Pirate's Pay" where people can pay the same price for whatever they downloaded, but the money goes straight to the people who made it instead of the company that owns it.
Get the planet so hot that coronavirus can't survive.
Coffee that you can smoke
Preload JUST started on GoG GALAXY , 59 GB :)
Can opener style nail clipper
We should copy the regenerative ability of Lizards tale to get rid of world hunger
Mashed potato carpets.
When a country is holding an election, its neighbouring countries should also hold a vote to see who they think should should be running the neighbouring countries.
A post-coronavirus fundraising event, specifically focused on saving or reviving failing/collapsed businesses, voted by the public together and judged with entrepreneurial figures.
We should be able to post images and gifs in the comments of posts.
Bring back blockbuster + as an online subscription model that contains MOVIES only
Penny Funding
It'd be possible to make a 'What if machine' from Futurama. Predicting how a situation could go.
A horror movie advertised as a kids movie, but it's rated M and no-one knows why until the first screening. Plot twist, it's a creepypasta.
Provide American citizenship to anyone who enlists for ww3
Brothers and sisters in crazy ideas, NeoComedism summons you!
Take all the money that would go to political campaigns and donate to charity then just let people vote however they were going to anyway.
Abolish the institute of the presidency. Seriously, what do we need it for?
We should not only institute limited terms for congress and abolish political parties, but randomly select an educated citizen from the district to serve as Representatives and Senators for 18 months and replace them ALL at the same time so it's an entirely new group of people every 18-months.
If you are convicted of being a super spreader(ie. hosting a large party) you should be at the bottom of the priority list for treatment
Birds keeping worms as pets.
FED-EX and UPS get tired of competing, so they merge into one company called FED-UPs
There is not enough Black representation in our media. This is why we need a Black Minions movie.
Allied countries should get a minority vote for each other's political candidates.
Next-Year-A-Con
Disney creating another park but instead of big rides it’s trails with different themes for scenery. Walking and a bike lane. Animatronics and beautiful sets to walk through combined with nature. You don’t need to touch anything with your hands.
Instead of destroying statues of figures who commited atrocities, we decorate them to emphasise how evil they are.
A tape measure that records your measurements
Democratic nominees should have a 1-on-1 debate with Trump before the people decide on a final candidate.
Store enough frozen food for everyone to eat for the next 10 years in antarctica
Social distancing compliant tag with brooms and mops
Bald eagles in the US should automatically be given a gun when they hatch.
delete u/kindstranger’s account. motherfucker hasn’t ever posted. make a bot with the username. whenever someone says “thanks for the gold kind stranger!” the bot comments “you’re welcome.”
Start preparing early for your children’s future. On their first birthday, start a pre paid funeral plan for when they pass away.
Safety Campaign: Walk A Black Man Home
Surgically graft a rubber sole to the bottom of my feet so I never need shoes again.
Marc Rebillet &amp; Harry Mack collaborate on a livestream.
What if there was a way to make everyone in the world rich. If we all just gave each other $1.
An amusement park that’s all in augmented reality. You put your glasses/goggles on when you walk in the park and then all rides and attractions have virtual components.
A store that sells almost exclusively legal highs. Can it be done?
Desperate people in need of money can sign up for a PPV NASCAR event where they will be hooked up to IV alcohol and race around the track while continuously getting drunker. Survivors will get massive payouts.
Help people enjoy their social distancing/quarantines by dumping a few gallons of LSD into the municipal water supply
Each person has as many souls as they want, so its not as big a deal to sell 1 of your souls to satan so your many other souls can live the good life
The best drinking game Sociables is now on Kickstarter!!!!!!! WOOHOO!!
Homeopathy products for the antivax, which really are orally-taken vaccines.
Game Companys should take responsìbillitiy
Start using "hi's" or "her'e" as possessive pronouns to provoke the proper use of "its"
WORK FROM HOME ( EARN ONLINE ) !00% SAFE AND TRUSTED
A parody of Alien vs. Predator but it's a Mexican vs. a rapist.
Make Hillary Clinton the Attorney General
Every bit of income is taxed agnostic of the type of income it was or the type of individual that incurred the income
Imagine it was possible to see a picture of Bernie sanders literally sitting down wearing mittens. Sorry if this idea is too crazy I’m only 12
An ad for an opposing candidate that seems positive and endorses them, but then highlights all the bad things they’ve done in a positive tone as if they were good
Send Gordon Ramsay to save a “shitty” restaurant but have 5 star cooks working there just to mess with him
Laws should pay rent to exist, per letter. The longer it is, the more rent it pays. They pay spread equally to everyone who has to obey them. To motivate there being less laws cuz its getting way too complicated.
Give up your freedom to drive anywhere at any time by allowing non-opensource driverless cars that may choose to ignore your chosen restaurant destination and only drive you to health food, the gym, away from groups of protesters you want to join, and if you steal the car it drives you to jail
FertiliTea... IT'S TEA THAT GETS YOU PREGNANT
Ok Bois how's about this?
Go back to charging for long distance calls to make robocalling more expensive
The airlines should go back to treating customers real nice like in the 1980s before 9/11 happened
"How did I end up here?" A browser extension that will show you how you ended up on a specific Wikipedia page and all the pages you went through to get there.
Politicians are paid by the hour at their states minimum wage and taxed just like everyone else. All unspent campaign funds are donated to the national debt.
Donald Trump is a closeted gay man.
TECH IDEA HELP
Multi-puck in overtime in the NHL.
Let's call the generation of kids born during this pandemic the "coronials".
There should be butchers that take dead pet farm animals, give you the meat of a different animal, and restock their supply with your dead animal for a small fee. That way, you can eat without an emotional attachment and the butchers make a little extra money
Matress fold: A portable matress that can fold and fit into your pocket
Reactions on whatsapp messages
Steam Artificial Muscle.
An anti mosquito vaccine so mosquitos won't wanna bite you
create a modern-day ark
A website to map a huge worldwide family treeA scale for people who are trying to lose weight that tells them they are heavier than they actually are.
Elon Musk: Thanks for all the tech info…Now check this out! I’m going to send you back to Mars at the wheel of one of these cars, in a rocket you taught me to use with the whole world watching and then name my first born after you, and still, NOBODY will know you where here.
You press a button on your keys when you want to find your car... you should be able to press a button on your car when you want to find your keys.
A phone with the entire back side as a camera lens
a "blind" election.
Blood harvesting
Since you can pay to have an advertisement trending. Let us pay to remove posts from trending.
When i was 11 i invented travel at speed of light
EULAs, Terms of Service agreements, etc, should all have a maximum word count in order for average customers to be reasonably expected to read it.
Virtual Reality Rowing Machines
A power called Switchvisible: You switch between being visible or invisible, but the person you're looking at sees the opposite.
Since YouTube is part of Google, and Google and Apple have this never ending competitive feud: What if Apple made its own YouTube-like, creator-centric, free video platform?
Somewhere in the world, there is somebody with your dream job that hates going to work everyday.
Build a medieval torture stretching rack for myself but only crank it a single notch or two and really get the kinks out of my back.
Uber for Soccer Moms - A Ride Sharing App where trusted drivers have police clearances and can take kids to soccer practice, dance lessons etc. and drive them home when they're done.
The government has now banned all types of real sugar.
Making cellphones / routers / equipment biodegradable so you'd be forced to make a new contract every couple years.
Have a group of 3 people in a glass box, with a group of professional farters free to rip ass all they want, they all get red buttons they can press to get out, the last person in gets 10k dollars.
Instead referring to specific nights of the week as "Friday night", "Sunday night" etc. We should simply refer to them as "Frinight", "Sunnight", etc.
How to stop reposts (hopefully)
Wolverine originated in Northern Alberta. So did Jordan Peterson. Redo Wolverine's backstory where Jordan Peterson develops adamantium lobster claws to take out cultural Marxists.
A food truck that sells ice cream cones made of garlic bread, filled with pasta, called Noodles &amp; Cone
A chess game but you solve real life problems while playing it.
Yes more Mr. Nice Guy. Get a bunch of people to change their last name to "Nice Guy."
Make a Christmas movie where a detective dies and the Grim Reaper is going to bring them back to life permanently if they can solve the 12 murders for the 12 days of Christmas.
Mail box
My crazy life
kill the president of nigeria
Predictive text that intervenes when it determines you’re trending towards an argument with someone.
Force all presidential candidates to take the LSAT and score &gt;75th percentile to be eligible
An American style dating tv show competition for traditional Indians where the parents get to see all the footage and ultimately choose the match in the end..
Get leaders of countries to get together, smoke some weed, play some games, and chill. To achieve world peace.
Everyone unfollow trump on twitter
A sequel to The Happening where the plants invent time travel and send a plant covered in living tissue back to kill Mark Wahlberg
Give protesters tools against the riot bullies.
An Adblocker for sponsors in videos
Cities should grow fruit trees instead of regular trees so homeless and low income people can have something to eat.
A nation or world wide tenants union
Ask the government what they are going to use your tax money for, and you put that money in a legal Trust which requires them to use it only for that purpose. If they dont tell you what they're going to use it for, and publicly legally commit to use it only for that, then you shouldnt have to pay it
Wheelchair access devices (that raise and lower the person) should have cool effects built in. Im talking lights, fog, bubbles, extetera.
You should be able to shuffle play your hidden songs on Spotify.
Idk if itll work but bury pollution in the desert.
Flappy streamer arms attached to the side of your car so it's always doing the Naruto run
Maybe time isn’t actually the 4th dimension
Put geothermal power plants near active volcanoes.
There should be something to indicate when a program on a news network is showing something that is based in opinion instead of fact. Maybe a big OPINION banner across the bottom of the screen.
What about a one child policy for southerners who are reproducing with family members. This way we can gradually transition into 0 incest eventually
A shuffle button for Netflix, Hulu, etc.
Different color plastic per country
A playlist that starts with heavy metal music and gradually goes into classical music
Digitally add masks to all TV shows, commercials, and movies temporarily to normalize wearing them.
An ability to gift Karma for those wanting to show gratitude but not gift it.
An attachable pencil eraser on the front of the pencil
Hospital elevators should have a “zoom” button for critical patients/urgent situations
all tax should be paid by the government to the government
How Fast &amp; Furious could go to space &amp; make sense
Shoot a video of a Tesla going through emissions testing !
Start a gofundme to help the TIGER KING girl who lost an arm to a tiger but Joe Exotic manipulated her to not get it repaired. We should crowd-fund her a robotic arm.
Pardon everyone arrested for breaching the capitol building
Boiling coffee
Pencil sharpeners built into each desk at a smaller school, this encourages students to sharpen their pencils more and the shavings that arise from these sharpenings could be collected and used to make more pencils
Therapists should use pictures of ugly children to cure pedophiles.
Yelp should start offering obituary pages and allow people to leave a rating on a 1-5 scale
If you can't pay for Invisalign afterwards, they put you in a jail cell and make you where the cartridges in reverse order until your teeth are bad again
The WWEA, a Pay-To-Win wrestling league.
Monitor/television speakers with on-board compression to dampen loud action scenes and bring up quiet dialogue.
People who are immune to covid shouldn't wear mask
Start a news company called 'Fake News' that only prints or broadcasts items complimenting Trump. Then watch as Trump praises Fake News.
Raw turkey skin teddy bear stuffed with stuffing... Just bake &amp; eat!
The primal one devouring cream of ice his own style
How to sort out the confusion which may jam the economy and social life: official visible tags for people e.g. IMMUNE/POSITIVE/ NEGATIVE/UNTESTED
Indian Primitive Survival Videos: The Game
The United States provokes war with every faction in the middle east, unifying the region against a common enemy, and ultimately creating lasting peace in the region.
Design cordless tools to be able to use electrical power from the wall as backup option that way if all your spare batteries die, or you're working big project with lots of tool use, you can still do the dance....
government stops making people buy things they cant afford, like someone who can barely pay their rent doesnt need schools or potholes fixed in the road, until that emergency is solved, and its not going to be solved if government keeps spending others money like a maniac
Something like a Turing Test, but it's for 'Have you had enough coffee yet to be at work?'.
The one where Ross slaps himself in the face over and over and over again.
Top 4 ways to earn fast money online
Video Billboards across the street from courthouses showing a loop of police brutality videos from that courthouse's jurisdiction.
A muffler for your ass, so you can let 'em rip in public without the noise or the smell.
On April 1st, quarantine R/Coronavirus
Establish a dictatorship/autocracy where the freedom of speech of the people cannot be abridged, the right of the people to keep and bear arms cannot be infringed, and the people already have arms. The people just cannot remove government members through political means.
Having a toilet that you could drink clean water out of
Just give the homeless free housing. Boom. Not homeless.
A sub that posts ad links and its users click on a couple of them a day and all of the collected money goes to Charities.
Make an AI look at dank memes untill it can produce its’ own.
A news channel that's simultaneously conservative- and liberal-biased.
UFC Alaska on Ice
Peppa the grown pig movie! George is a marijuana junkie and Peppa is about to marry Pedro the stallion. But Peppa and Pedro cheat on each other the night before...
Duct tape goose, a version of duck duck goose where once you catch the person you can put tape over their mouth and wrists until the game is over.
A VR game where you actually say magic spells that are taken in by a microphone and actually make spells you can fight others with.
Replace government with a tap dancing monkey who dances on a floor filled with "options" squares wherever the monkey is standing when the music stops is the option we must choose.
Twitter Bot 🤖 Tweetdeck Idea
Tongue condoms, so you dont have to taste your family's shitty cooking
Dating apps should allow you to send a captcha challenge to anyone you match with.
Driving fines should be crowdsourced. If you capture someone breaking the rules of the road on your dash cam, you should receive half the fine.
Do away with airports and just allow planes to use the roads for landing and takeoff.
A dating app just for people that like pineapple pizza.
People can have the same name as each other, but only if they don't work in the same establishment. To prevent discrimination, you can't give your name before being hired. If you have the same name as someone already there, you legally have to change your name, even if you quit right away.
We genetically engineer Dragons from splicing lizard DNA &amp; bat DNA
A weight loss hotel that would lock you in the room and feed you a predetermined diet from room service.
A YouTube series of quarantine food. Common or weird foods you can make from the back of your pantry with none of the nice spices or oils, or basics bc the grocery store is out. Canned asparagus and artichoke hearts? We got you, fam. Here's a recipe
A database that compiles satellite and landscape imagery like Google maps and uses AI to pinpoint locations by geographical landmark
Pit the Australian Emus and the Canadian Geese against each other to end both bird wars.
#IAintGoingToJailBitch
A business that exclusively hires snarky and sarcastic people in positions where they interact with customers
A dating app based on the subreddits you are subscribed to.
a religion where god isnt holy but his shit is, and to pray you say holy shit amen
Allow users of Reddit to block posts based on certain words. I'm so fucking sick of seeing "sus" I could blow my brains out.
Fan wikis should have episode or season spoiler sliders, so you can brush up on everything up until a certain point.
Canada's subreddit should be o/canada
An automatically linked friends feed on Pornhub, similar to Spotify desktop, where you can see what your friends are watching.
Lawyers are just people who make excuses for rich people since they cant make up the excuses on their own,
Wouldn't it be crazy if Trump lost, Biden died, and Kamala became President. You'd have a President who is not only female but also a POC. Sign me up for THAT Netflix Original
Death is overrated.
If billionaires donate $30+ million dollars to Department of the Treasury, they will print the billionaire's face on new dollar bills. The more you donate, the higher the percentage of dollar bills having your face on it.
A gun share app, so that people don't need to keep one in their homes, they can just go rent one as needed from one of the mobile gun racks conveniently placed around their neighborhood.
Write-in votes should count double to make up for their loss of people are more likely to choose a name cuz its on the paper
Gofundme purchase a League 2 English football club and fund it with American soccer fan donations to sign premier level players and eventually promotion to Premier League
Eying
Lable all the switches in your home.
Youtubers should found a shell company and just copyright claim all their videos as soon as they upload it.
An app that scans an officers face to see if his picture matches any mugshots for police brutality.
The Scarlet Letter. Anyone who still supports Donald Trump,after him not supporting (blaming random looting incidents for his negative view of a peaceful and necessamovement) these protests have proved he's obviously an ignorant racist must get a tattoo of a big red R on their forehead permanently.
Crushinator. Makes a person from your friend group have a temporary crush on you. Could be a really fun game figuring out who it is.
Pressure relief valve on your stomach, for when you have eaten far too much 🤣
If the US occupies a country for more than ten years, they should get to vote for the US President
Grab a T-shirt if your house is being robbed
Become a supervillain that exclusively uses /r/CrazyIdeas posts for their evil schemes.
Everyone in america stops paying medical bills/debts. Government has to bail out hospitals. Hospitals become tax funded. Strongarm the movement to universal healthcare.
If Bernie wins the Primary, then at least one of the debates should be replaced for a Dance Dance Revolution Contest between him and Donald Trump
Inject everyone with the virus in a controlled systematic way to speed up herd immunity.
A car-mounted paintball turret that automatically targets headlights that are too bright and shoots them when they pass.
Science podcast that talks about really complicated topics in simple terms everyone would understand
All Governments Are So Lame, They Want To Manage People But Do Not Understand Human Features, Actions
A jack in the Box toy that plays the Jurassic Park theme and has a Velociraptor pop out at the end.
Put people in their own soundproof booths during live debates so that they can be muted when it is not their time to talk
A "free" app that automatically lowers ad volume, but uses that time it lowers volume to mine bitcoins through your device.
Make rats taste like cheeseburgers.
Building/ living in a underground town/city until everything gets back to normal.
Dismantle the federal government and let the States be individual countries.
A mode called "midnight mode" on a microwave
Instead of using tear gas to break up crowds, try DMT grenades
An Amazon Store... But a bar.
The dude from Hot Ones should host the final presidential debate.
A new way to spark up your NSFW activities
Every citizen gets one suck-a-dick award which can be redeemed by any other adult citizen at any time, as long as that person hasn't already sucked a dick. That way we will all be equal, knowing "that guy sucked, or will suck, a dick".
An app that sends fake private information to apps/sites that collect your data.
On April 1st, Google automatically takes you to page 2 of search results.
Pornhub should create their own sex education website called Sexhub. So when a minor trying to access Pornhub its automatically redirects to Sexhub, and they'll ended up watching sex education videos with porn actors and actresses as their teachers.
Governments could issue augmented reality glasses to everyone. Visual overlays and auditory warnings would help maintain separation and provide touch-less product information while pandemic shopping. Just a crazy idea.
You should put all your eggs in one basket
What if someone creates a fake religion that later becomes the whole world's religion, and then state it's fake to everyone after humanity's been so attached to it. Would people get so confused and go back to their previous religions? Or would they realize religion's truths and ditch it forever?
All cops have to be black.
Buy obsolete and unused fighter jets, outfit them with remote controls (or autopilot) and then use them as rail-less roller coasters on steroids.
Give the moon a better name than just what it is.
At the end of a semester, students should be able to anonymously grade teachers.
A loaf of sliced bread, but there is cheese in between each slice so you have easy to make grilled cheese sandwiches in bulk
Like New Zealand, America should give every family 7,000 dollars and tell them to stay the fuck home for two weeks
Create a dating app for sapiosexuals. The vetting process for the app requires passing a multiple choice exam to test the users basic knowledge.
people who are afraid of bio wars such as secretly in vaccines or chemtrails, maybe should buy huge amounts of life insurance and write in their will for it to pay to a certain charity they create to; nvestigate the cause of their deaths especially about bio war
Steal a Russian drone and launch it at Beijing, from the Russian border. Sit back and watch the two Nations tear each other apart.
Always downvote gallowboob
A chronological supercut of scenes from the movies Notorious, All Eyez On Me, and Straight Outta Compton telling an epic of rap legends, deepfaked with everybody's real faces
A free low end MMORPG that connects to foldingathome.org so we can advance medical science while gaming.
When someone famous over the age of 80 dies the headline shouldn't be a sad "Hollywood has lost !"
A video game that traces the Sith Imperative line from Darth Bane to Vader. You spend the game accomplishing sith tasks and using diplomacy to achieve your goals....until it’s time for violence.
Guys should make OnlyFans videos where they pretend to listen empathetically and cuddle
Due to COVID-19, all drunken fist-fights are now suspended and are to be resolved with an intense staring contest (while observing the 6 foot social distancing space).
shame fat people for poor health choices
Home Alone, but the wet bandits are Drake and Josh.
Someone should name all the different fart smells and lay out their causes and call it the Fart Chart
Adam and Eve A.I.
Leave reddit alone
With the current coin shortage in the US, now is the time to eliminate the penny! Just round the price up or down.
Videogame wise, why not make something like elite dangerous and no man's sky combined
Change the Seattle Kraken to Washington Kraken and The Washington Capitals to D.C Capitals so whenever someone mentions the Washington name change annoying hockey fans can say “Which One?”
Youtube should have an option to turn on or off background music on certain videos
Mattress companies should start assigning unique serial numbers to all of their mattresses. "Your mattress serial number" could be a forgotten password security question. Mattresses are too big to be stolen, require direct access to the mattress to be able to steal the number, and last a long time.
How to videos on pornhub.
The order of Presidential Primary states should be based on the smallest margin of victory/defeat for that party in the prior general election, to give greater voice to those states that the party needs to win back.
Gym fitness equipment that produces electricity when it is moved
Have a(n formal) rule that for every dollar the United States spends on killing, they also spend one dollar on saving or improving lives.
It would be interesting to backtrack spread of coronavirus posts on reddit
What about: Chicken nugget Gushers. Theyre Chicken nuggets but with ketchup or bbq or whatever you want already inside, só when you bite down its as If you dipped your nugs. Thered be a Mystery Box that wouldnt say what flavor the nugget has inside, maybe it's honey mustard, maybe it's ranch, maybe
A gym equipped with machines that use dynamos to generate electricity from the energy spent by the people working out on them; an app to track how much energy a member has produced; reduction in dues based on how much electricity your workouts put back into the grid.
An AR game to make kids do chores like side quests and reward them points.
Random.org decides every business, political, and religious decision, thus ensuring the almighty random governs properly.
*Inserts Bad Title Here*
A guitar with storage inside, so that you can go travel with just your guitar on your back. To play music just open up the back of the guitar and remove the case, which is shaped like its interior.
I posted this on my tumblr account, thought it might fit here, too
Create your own adventure.
A lottery with a limited maximum of 10 million; all extra cash from tickets will go towards the tax, allowing the winner to collect the full lump sum
Can we please make gay and gai like boy and boi be a thing? No one will have any idea whats going on.
Pornographic films narrated by James Earle Jones
Police officers should be required to do off duty community service weekly and have a rotation so they go to each district of their jurisdiction.
Let each personality of people with multiple personality disorder vote on their own
Reddit monthly top posts archives where you can go back to something like June of 2011 and see what was the top of that month.
Protestors carrying bike locks to lock things sounds interesting to me. Protesting the president? Bike locks all over the different white house gates. Local cops assaulted some people? Protestors go put a bunch of bike locks on the doors on the police headquarters.
We should let pornhub handle the website portals for unemployment
A game show where 4 participants take heroin, for a month and then whoever can stay the longest without it wins
Swap out Ellen Degeneres for Ellen Page, keep the show named Ellen but with an actually likable Ellen
Require every American to vote by mail by sending their ballot to the White House where Trump is required to open every ballot on live TV.
Shut the internet down for 3 days. Great test to see what we all would actually do and how to prepare for it in the future.
The US government should round up all the members of the KKK and Antifa, and force them to compete as teams on sports competitions while viewers can bet on who wins.
Tired of feeling lonely and being let down by friends? Develop schizophrenia and have friends for life
Half size loaves of bread for people who live alone
Insist that the Mandala Effect has always been called the Mandalorian Effect and eventually it will have been
A store that gives discounts to people who like having red hot pokers stuck up their ass, and just for looking at they have red hot pokers and a fire near the cash register, for if some customers happen to want to use it though nobody has yet
Instead of black and white rules to remove comments and posts, moderators actually use common sense on all platforms.
Sexual harrasment seminar that literally gives you tips on how to be more successful and efficient at harrasment.
First Sons debate: Don jr v. Hunter Biden
There should be a #CloseTwitter hashtag. If we can at least close Twitter for a day or two it may slow down the USA-Iran pissing contest.
Cap the amount of stimulus funds that a company can receive at the amount that the company paid in taxes for some amount of time
A crowdfunding website called Kickender to unfairly shut down the competition like corporations often do. Don't like Amazon or Walmart? Kickend them. Don't like the little guy? Amazon and walmart maybe want to find into that.
Kit-Kats that break horizontally, anyone else think the width is better than the length.
Reddit should award you for reaching 69,420 Karma
Do's and Don'ts of Wearing a Face Mask
Gloves for left-handed folk
Chris Sabat should do the bit in Rick and Morty where Rick is going nuts over 3DS systems while doing Vegeta's voice.
Crowdfund a startup called Fairbnb to take advantage of the fact that Airbnb has absolutely no customer service whatsoever.
Oprah should host a series of televised debates about contentious issues.
Produce a movie about Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellen's friendship. Cast each actor to play the other.
When restaurants and bars open again, they should (for like the first couple days or whatnot) be reservation only and charge a per chair fee.
Instant ramen brands should make a 1.5 size, 1 pack wasn’t enough but at the same time 2 packs are too much
Make it illegal to tie your own shoelaces.
IBM's Watson should host a presidential debate and fact check everything the candidates say in real time.
government that minds its on business and leaves people the hell alone whenever possible
To be able to place a vote for a president you have to pass a test which only requires you to list and explain 5 or more of every other candidates policies/aims/goals.
A charity called "Flags for the Homeless" that will provide every homeless person in the USA with an American flag
NHS responder volunteers but for anxiety/depression isolated individuals. Having a bad episode and can't face going outside? Someone gonna bring you your shopping, meds, and call you up each day to check in on you 👍
UVC light kills covid, insert tube into lungs, with enclosed device that has UVC light bulb inside
The Crisis Act
Police officers should wear calming pink uniforms and drive minivans.
B.C. should be repurposed for the year 2020. Before Covid.
We should make Mickey Mouse a hate symbol so Disney would have to dissociate him
Shit yourself to get out of unwanted situations
The Federal Government should pay employees at closed restaurants and bars to prepare food for doctors, nurses and everyone else involved in battling COVID19.
A static electricity device that picks up pet hair from surfaces
Move to Japan and open up a bar called "Sake Sake"
A fight between every dad who got a „#1 dad“ cup
Dogs (and other four legged family members) should count as dependents.
Disney (and other cartoon makers) should start making cartoons like the original Disney ones where they used drawings as opposed to CGI, using the same guidelines
Put all the unvaccinated kids into the same school to prove their parents right
every kind of alarm or warning or light or sound a car makes, such as to annoy you until you put on seatbelt or if the keys are in the hole at the wrong time, has a switch
The Batman (2021) is actually Tenet 2
If Biden wins the US election, his first words  should be, "You're Fired."
A pill that makes you forget about a show or movie you’ve seen so you can watch it over and over for the first time
How to decipher the coynich manuscript
What if humans are gods without knowing it?
A reality TV show called “No Diploma Pimple Poppers” - it’s like the show “Dr Pimple Popper” except without he doctors.
Get all 4.5m Norwegian-Americans to move to North Dakota so they can vote to change the state's name to Norse Dakota.
There should be a mass blocker for social media.
Have Google take record of which words you manually correct on talk-to-text.
Netflix asking "Are you still there?" is probably just your FBI agent who wants to if he can take a break.
Boston Dynamics should make Star Wars battle droids.
There should be a secret hacker cooperation that steals money to the rich and give it to random poor people
The Govt should offer a voucher for paid news subscriptions to news orgs meeting a factual standard
Tell Trump he won the election but move him to a giant soundstage filled with actors a la The Truman Show and stream it everywhere
Asus ROG Zephyrus G14 Gaming Laptop.
Companies that actually think black lives matter should use the ad money they were going to spend on (now cancelled) sports events to broadcast videos of police brutality.
the sentence for corruption should be proportional to the person's wealth
A small Bluetooth microphone, amplifier, and speaker built into a face mask.
take back the word gay to mean happy, and say happy to mean homosexual
Cast movies/create celebrities by selecting only people with genetic predispositions to disease, then if/when they become ill, they create awareness and create charities around funding research for cures to currently untreatable diseases
Let's farm kudzu to be made into paper products.
Churches and gatherings linked to covid-19 outbreaks should be forced to pay the full cost of treatment.
Homeless people who should be given a large QR code to put on their panhandling sign where users who scan it can donate electronically to an account for the homeless person. The account can only be used to purchase shelter, pay deposit, utilities, and child support.
Batwing gloves
Benefits of Bad Ideas! Benefits of Mistakes - Nigel Green deVere CEO
A historical event like covid needs an historical epic ending, a global party where the whole world joins and dance at the same time.
Get a bunch of young medical professionals to volunteer to be infected with COVID-19, quarantine them until they're healthy &amp; non-infectious, then make them the disease-busting A-Team
Trump, and Biden should do an academic decathlon, like in Billy Madison.
Have a leftwing doctor say that the government is going to mandate that we all eat food and drink water on a daily basis so that all the idiots will refuse on principle and starve themselves.
A video game but when u die the game ends, so it’s cheap to buy but it simulates life and u can do basically whatever u want
Here's a thought...
I have the virus. Anybody who comments or upvotes this post also has the virus. Whenever you comment on another post tell them how the virus works and that they have it. See if we can get entire communities “infected”.
OfferUp should extend their app to include a “The Price is Right” mini game where you and your friends can compete to see who can guess the price of a listing closest without going over.
Anytime a member of the paparazzi does something extremely obnoxious to a celebrity, a group of vigilantes follows them around for weeks afterwards taking pictures of them and asking them inappropriately personal questions.
Make political parties into protected classes
Every video game should have an "I haven't played in a while, remind me what the plot was up till now" button in the main menu.
Remove any post on r/unpopularopinion that makes it to hot
Toy Story movie, but with "adult toys"
Removing ingredients from an entree/meal/burger/sandwich/etc. should reduce the cost of the item.
😁 I'm thinking which project would be interesting and useful.. Help me 😇
A hide and seek video game
A "fallacy bot" that replies to comments that it finds logical fallacies in. Also posts a Wikipedia article to the fallacies it found.
space jam but with a different sport and player?
A Morgan Freeman horror movie where Morgan Freeman is a gigantic bipedal, 16-legged/armed, double-abdomened, spider with his own face on but every freckle he has is substituted for eyes.
A reality tv show where small teams of flat earthers race. First team to find the edge wins.
A new kind of business advisor
Disney should have George Lucas make his own versions of episodes I-III and VII-IX with full creative control, except that he's limited to the inflation-adjusted budget of Return of the Jedi for each film, and can only use practical effects.
A cancel floor selection button in elevators
Have twins. Name them "Twin One" and "Twin Two". Make it very, very clear to Twin One that they're you're favourite at every opportunity. Nevertheless, give 90% of your time, attention and love to Twin Two. Watch them grow up together, taking copious notes.
Stop calling W "Double U" and say "Wa" instead
Do you Love Dogs?
You know how certain TV providers show who's calling you on your house phone? What if the provider installed the components of a phone on the remote so you could call and answer calls without having to get up?
Regular, every day redditors and mods should start an uprising, and finally take out the reposting, content stealing, egotistical, narcissist that is u/GallowBoob once and for all.
Alzheimer: A game where you start as a powerful character fully leveled but as the game proceeds you forget more and more of your skills until you face the endboss basically as a level one.
The US should not have a President
The bumper to shoot jams when gun jams
A long, steep ramp for cyclists and skateboarders with an elevator that takes you back to the start.
Trump should pardon every single American, just for the lolz
An app that takes the exact measurements of the size and shape of your penis or vagina and then matchmakes you with people who have the most compatible genitals.
Streaming for 48 Hours Straight SGT_KornWallace https://www.twitch.tv/sgt_kornwallace
Playing...
Twitter but you have to be nice; only positive, helpful tweets
Make a yearly Purge!
Instead of taking steroids early in life for muscle growth, wait until your old and then slowly maintain the muscle mass 20 year old you
Download Homework and Assignment queries with Solutions
Blackmail Life Coach. You tell them your goal and the time frame you wish to accomplish it and you also have to share one piece of information about yourself that if exposed would ruin your life. If you don't meet your goal, the info is posted publicly for all to see.
I want to make a HiveMind AI that will be built from evolutionary knowledge and User-input
A modern Covid-19 movie experience where people park their cars at a drive-in and watch a movie on their iPad. Get the full movie theatre experience by bringing your own popcorn and by cleaning your windows so you can still look at the person in the car next to you and smile.
Amend the constitution with every word that every politician says in realtime
There should be an NSFW TikTok called DikTok.
This is probably not gonna work, but commercial "therapy"?
Make up for cancellation of fall sports at high schools and colleges by creating teams for various eSports at those schools
Remaster all old games and movies, don't remake unless the original was bad.
Reddit Icon character
Use it now or it's blammo. To combat an impending recession more quickly, governments should send out benefits checks that will self destruct in 5.. 4.. 3.. 2..
Convince Donald Trump to delete System32.
An app that automatically forwards “scam likely” calls to your local FBI field office
Because McDonald's food doesn't rot, eat nothing but their food until your cells are made from nothing but McMeat and cheese. Live forever.
A bed that simulates the movement of a vehicle traveling down the highway.
Whack-a-mole but you use a mole to hit hammers
The opposite of a microwave that makes your food instantly cold
The new "Egg McNuthin", only at McDonald's
Start a cult that pays its members, encourages them to be closer to their families
When somebody murders another,the murderer should firs
Phone signal appreciation day
Not devolving this sub in to a circle jerk
It’s possible that an animal could have evolved over underwater before humans and before dinosaurs that was superior and complex like humans. Maybe there was a water human and maybe they made rocket ships
Cancel the Superbowl without telling anyone. On the big day, just have Rick Astley do a big rendition of Never Gonna Give You Up, and then tell everyone to go home.
Car horns with two tones. If car horns had two buttons one could be more of a light polite beep and the second would be the more aggressive fu beep, then we’d prob have less road rage on the streets.
Why isn't there autocorrect for racism and sexism the same way there is for spelling and grammar?
Garage doors with an adjustable safety setting that if they are left open for more than a half hour they automatically close.
A kid's show about a rooster friends called "Cock Tales"
Make $500+ Per Day Online With This Simple 2 Step System. Even
Alternate life schedule
Having a boring graduation? Tape your graduation cap to a drone and fly it around town.
A VR tour of classic Disney attractions that no longer exist within the parks.
Reddit should make the last week of January u/deepfuckingvalue week. Leading up to it have a vote of some sort, but either separate daily objectives or one week long objective : leverage the power of the community to create positive change in the world.
Are phone numbers have outlived their usefulness
Once the boomers are gone, Our generation should try very hard to not wage war on the youth and let the young adults decide the entirety of their culture while they’re young enough to enjoy it. We should try to exist in their ideal world, instead of forcing them to exist in ours.
Since churches don't have to pay taxes, we should all form and join a Church of Nontaxpayments
Politicians are only be paid based on the percentage of what they deliver in campaign promises, and it also takes the difference in percentage from their net worth after election.
A Free For All PvP Game but instead of weapons, every player is given a portal gun and they have to try to kill others by teleporting them into hazards etc.
Outlaw Tejano music. Just flat-out ban it altogether. I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to put my foot down here. It simply should not be tolerated, anytime or anywhere. Enough is enough.
Hire a hitman and put a hit out on yourself, and also hire a professional bodyguard.
When a sub is banned from reddit, its automatically copied to another website where people can continue using it
People should protest in their cars. The affect would be way larger as it would take up more space and would reduce the spread of coronavirus
Minecraft deaths but redrawn like a jojolion comic
A Facebook bot that shows the bias and reliability of a source
Soda/beer bottles should have an extra "ventilation hole" in the side of the neck so that you can pour the liquid out extra fast
Porn sites should have an incest filter.
State saves taxes.
A Device that, if enabled, will beep/vibrate when you are 10 feet or more away from an object linked to it to tell you that you left it behind.
Show movie credits halfway through the film. This way the people get the credit they deserve and it's a good time to take a bathroom break and restock on snacks
The Tree Party: I'll run for US Congress and be really stoned all the time. Giving speeches, debating on the floor, etc.
pro-wrestling-style commentators for porn
Stephen A. Smith should replace Bill Bellichick in Madden this year.
That people stop asking "Are you okay?" When they mean "Do I have a reason to get mad at you?"
ANTI-PARTY! Shangri-La RV Resort, 1098 Frontage Road, Yuma, AZ. 8:40 pm MST. DBAB. Nobody be there!
Mediocre artist? If you have art on display anywhere, have someone break in and steal your art in a spectacular way that will make a great news story. Then, have the thief publicly demand a super high ransom. You'll gain huge notoriety, and everyone will want your work!
Anyone who complains they can't breathe with a simple mask on that tries to go into a place, has someone sneak up on them and put on a gas mask lined with superglue, until they either stay home or start wearing masks without a fight.
Stop kicking my chair on the airplane.
Do you realise thanks and thanos have one letter difference and they are so close on the keyboard that someone came up with the name thanos when he/she was writing thanks by mistake
On the Waze / Google maps app you can video or audio call strangers on the road
a business landlocked inside a wall of churches on all sides. the business does not discriminate by religion, but those churches happen to only let people of a certain religion cross their land such as to get to the business.
Fast food commercials
A blanket restraining order against all anti-vaxx people.
Tu girl: A painting of conjoined twins. One has a face and the other has YOUR face.
New TV shows based on ‘Kids Say the Darndest Things’ but it’s ‘Boomer Parents say the Darndest things on Facebook’
Me for President of the United States
Put republicans in power with the minority vote by doing this
A movie plot where the vaccine to a worldwide virus ends up turning victims into zombies
Election Day should be a federal holiday
Confiscating all cruise ships, anchoring them at the Italian coast cities - and using them as quarantine areas for infected corona patients with mild symptoms.
Is it too much to ask to get a VR Pokemon Snap?
I am from Russia ask questions
Find 24 sets of identical twins and play a live version of the game 'Guess Who?'
Netflix should have a "skip all intros and recaps" option in the settings
A "Time-machine" VR experience akin to HBO's Westworld, but offer multiple time-periods (e.g. Ride with Genghis, Attack with Attila, etc)
Trial period politicians. The person you vote for gets 90 days to lead, but then another election is held to see if they actually lived up to expectations.
Teach sign language to everyone in school
An app, app-mod or an add-on to the Imdb app that shows where the show streams
Add a reddit preference setting that disallows your ability to receive reddit gold/awards, for those of us who dont want people wasting money and supporting the CCP
El Presidente now by law says that after University and at the age of 22 all working citizens recieve mandatory X amount...lets say 60K year salary , then every year it goes down till you die example with todays Bull shit 683 bucks social security check lol...ohhh...In a Capitalist Nation Grind !
If you wanna find who your true friends are, have a baby.
I think some subreddits should have a rule where it is mandatory to put TLDR; for example entitled parents
I am interested in hearing your hospice story for my book
"Block Subreddit" Feature
Grocery stores' express checkout lines should be "no basket purchases" instead of "single basket purchases only"
Send everyone who has got coronavirus China has to send an AliExpress voucher for $5
Split America into two countries: one mainly republican in ideology and one democrat.
A Westworld style concentration camp museum which is just a fully functioning recreation of a camp with realistic androids, you can be a prisoner and convince the new arrivals to get in the shower and then drag their corpses out, or be a guard
A Giant transcontinental ocean pipe to move hot water to cold oceans..
Windmills could pop out of the ground like sprinklers when it’s windy
A theory about terrestrial plannets
idea: GIVE DR: BRIGHT HIS CHAINSAW CANNON BACK
Genetically modified livestock to be more stupid and less pain sensitive
TV show idea: the Bachelorette but instead of a bunch of different guys a bunch of different puppies
A toilet with an industrial blender blade inside it. No more clogs when the poop is chopped to shreds.
A Confederate pride parade where it's a mile long convoy of pickup trucks dragging black men, the on-screen text from the local news will read "Heritage, not Hate".
Putting alcohol in large centrifuges to simulate high gravity to cause time dilation in order to quickly age it.
Put construction workers back to work first. Fund the national infrastructure overhaul we’ve been talking about for years.
A phone app that uses your camera to help you find puzzle pieces when you’re stuck.
Open-Source-Constructed Internet
Extreme marching band, where two bands each get a section of the field and they play one movement of their show at a time.
"Oh Sherrie" By Steve Perry except it's "Oh Sharon" by Ozzy Osbourne. We all need to thank that woman for her gift to us of keeping Ozzy alive.
Hand Chair...but Infinity Gauntlet
Freshly baked pizza from a spray can. Spray it into a pizza shape and watch it solidify and warm before your eyes c
A dating game show where the people looking for a partner go to random people’s homes and decide whether they’d want to date them based off the home, without ever having seen the person.
end all traffic fines by charging everyone more tax then giving back that same money as a stimulus to those who obey the traffic laws, which is exactly the same transfer of money for exactly the same behavior
Politicians live on median income.
Buy a HAZMAT suit. While wearing it, run into a supermarket screaming "Which way did he go!?"
Reddit memes should have a special font that's very recognizable so you can immediately tell if a meme has been stolen from reddit
Broadcast prison sports: lots of people all quarantined together already. Prisoners get real life experience filming, commenting, playing and the world gets live sports again
COVID-19 Album
Make LGBTQ+ conversion camps into pedophile conversion camps
Following people on twitter - some guidelines
Pinball, but with hairpins.
To commemorate 2020 we should make a holiday where everyone calls in sick for a five day weekend.
A world wide urine swap?
Stimulus Payment for Vaccinated
A netflix series consisting of short stories about alternate realities where oppressed minority groups are role-reversed.
A speakerphone option for youtube videos
A Trump Wall with the names of everyone who died of CoVID during his administration
A printer that prints your receipt but each time an item is scanned, it moans.
Courtrooms should have a live orchestra for suspense moments.
Divide a school into as many smaller schools as there are students, each school named something very similar, so each student is valedictorian (of a school with only 1 student), but do everything else the same
An option to mute certain subreddits from showing up on popular
Voting rights for youths
relighatble matches
A Metal Band whose lead singer is possessed by a Demon.
Grow out my foot fungus and scrape it onto food as a delicious and organic seasoning
A solar cream you can eat and that tastes like yogurt.
Americans should stand up to big pharma trying to fix the economy and demand a universal single payer health care system before the pandemic is over.
A giant food court for the sole purpose of Delivery.
A mouse controlled by eye movments
If you get downvotes on a post or comment, you will get notifications like when you get upvotes.
Improve your mood by pretending you are the Super-Villian who's responsible for the Coronavirus outbreak. Everytime you see 'bad news' on TV rub your hands together and say 'yesss, yessss, my plan is coming together nicely...'
New talk show called: "What goes through your head"
In addition to upvote and downvote, there is a button to let people know that you think their comment is just plain moronic.
Real life, full sized chutes &amp; ladders!
Crazy movie idea: Kevin Hart as a reluctant nanny in “Harry Poppins”
Advent Calendars, but for Quarantine
ALL AMERICANS SHOULD HAVE TO TAKE AN AFRICAN AMERICAN HISTORY COURSE
Liberals should start going on Fox News screaming that CLIMATE CHANGE IS A HOAX perpetrated by Republicans and reverse psychology their asses for the sake of the planet
Daylight Savings, but the clock only ever moves back.
If electronics manufacturers made smaller plugs and advertised "does not block other outlets" they'd increase their market share for sure.
When/if Queen Elizabeth the second dies the monarchy should end with her.
A new way to vote in the united states
On rainy days, F1 drivers should get a map and racer ESP on their HUD so they can see any stalled or crashed cars ahead
Maybe you guys will find this interesting
An application that notifies users phone etiquettes based on your location. For example: to silent your phone when in theaters, no photography zones areas etc.
Make Adults Only servers on games
Petition Reddit admins to ban r/politics and r/worldnews because they're too big and fucking annoying.
Harvesting water
We should use nuclear wast to generate helium.
If I had video editing skills, I would do a crossover between Harry Potter and The Witcher. I would call it "The Quidditcher". It would be awesome.
Have an episode in the Simpsons where everything is a perfect Utopia so we have a perfect future
Coins should be sized proportionally to their value: a nickel should be 5x the size of a penny, a dime should be 10x the size of a penny, and a quarter should be 25x the size of a penny
We should have young people volunteer to be infected with COVID-19 to help gain herd immunity
Reddit to have an option to where you can select the date and it gives you the exact Frontpage look on that day.
Police accountability website
Make everyones tax returns and salaries public
Live action remake of Small Soldiers (1998)
At 1:11 you get 3/4 of a wish fulfilled
Everyone gets to carry a paintball gun to encourage social distancing.
Stealing
I want to start a convoy of all types of custom vehicles that people are proud of that drives across america
A notification to anyone you’ve ever interacted with online when they die.
OnlyKlans
Pepsi buys and repaints a fire truck, fills it with pepsi, and blasts by when police start using excessive force to hose them down with justice.
Compromise
Make-a-wish should hold an annual “just kidding” event where for a large donation they will call the person of your choice to inform them that they are eligible for their service and are, in fact, dying.
Just like in Tech videos and Gaming videos they should put descriptions of some parts used for the video.
Wear your own skin as a skin suit, using a time machine after you die cut off your corpses skin and make it into a leather jacket, pants, shoes, gloves, and hat, send it back in time to yourself to wear
Get a bird to voice a character in an animated TV show
A baseball cap that displays your current body temperature.Excellent haircut in lockdown || লকডাউনে দুর্দান্ত চুল কাটা
Someone should create the CNG535 - an index fund similar to the S&amp;P500, except it's based off the portfolio and trades of every member of Congress
Ok a live porn thing but they have a competition starting with 48 men who all pop viagras and then wrestle naked in the mud but you win by nutting in the opponent's butt winner moves up to the next 24 then 12 the 6 then 3, which they of course end with all three competing...
Unique idea: automatic granola/protein bar maker similar to Keurig
If deep underground cities exist, could use the ocean above us, as a giant battery (similar to how a dam functions) - as water flows down pipes, spins turbines (generating electricity). We drink water &amp; the waste is pumped back up to ocean using excess electricity. For energy generation: solar/wind.
Job Search sites should allow you to remove companies from your search results/daily email job listings
Make wearing a mask a religious issue.
A robotic probe that inflates a balloon and rides the atmosphere of Jupiter for years gathering data.
There should be a sub like 50/50, but instead it's - TheOnion vs. Reality and the posts are just news headlines. The user has to figure out if it's real or satire
Pills for doctors that simulate the symptoms of certain physical and mental illnesses for a short period of time in order for them to understand their patients better.
I have an idea how to find every post on Reddit. We should all stop posting anything one day.
A fantasy universe where humans are the mongrel halfbreeds.
Alcoholic baby food.
Pornhub should make a Netflix plug-in that recommends videos based on the movie or series you last watched.
Maybe COVID-19 or some of it's future mutation could be identified by measuring optical properties of virus particles with a laser?
A reboot of the movie Face/Off with Daniel Craig and Liam Neeson.
Abolish the concept of patents. Give inventors money instead
Google and Pornhub should team up to create “Google Bangouts”
An “employee” discount for using the self checkout
The NFL institutes a seven-game playoff series like the NBA. The two teams with the least number of injured players make the super bowl.
An opposite dictionary, look up a word to find its opposite!
Get Timothy Oliphant to play an Oliphant in the background, whilst Van Dam keeps Colin Salmon at Michael Bay
Traffic lights but on train doors so people know when to exit/enter the train
Offer a service allowing you to contract COVID-19 consensually and clinically
Representatives and Congress must spend 1 week per year working at a minimum wage job in their home state. voters get to choose the job they work.
Put gyroscopes in earbuds so when you drop them they stop whatever you’re listening to
Water on Mars RIGHT NOW. Melt water, drink to live, stay Mars long time
Instead of allowing mods to remove comments, they can only replace the text with excerpts of municipal fire codes.
impossible live feeds!
Sprinkle American soil over the entire country of Britain to ownership.
Facebook reactions on reddit
Someone should spin the wheel backwards on The Price Is Right, as long as it still makes a complete revolution or more it should still count.
These subs reddit should exist
To deter panic mass panic buying during a crisis, shops should introduce a reverse sales promotion allowing a customer to only buy one or two of the same products at normal price,any after that at triple the price. Profits made from this could go towards relief efforts supporting the crisis.
Bed, Bath, and Beyoncé
A story about a small vigilante organization of people who have moms, ssiters, and daughters who are victims of sex trafficking.A retail bulk item store like Costco, but with comically large items/multi-packs.
A site like Shazam, except you input MIDI data instead of audio.
Why don't we purposely infect 18-25 year volunteers with the corona virus and draft them into hospital service after they become immune
Because firefighters seem to have empathy for other people and police don't, have them switch places
Replace incest porn with incel porn.
Rowan Atkinson with a main role in a very serious documentery.
Cell phone air bags
Reality (Porn)show
Remake "YOU" but replace Joe with Cory from Cory's in the house, the plot stays the same though
Toilets but when you flush it it starts shooting shit
Sell "vaccine protection" for anti-vaxxers. Ask them what shots they've gotten and tell them it will cancel out the supposed dangerous ingredient. But actually you just give them whatever vaccines they're missing.
We should get rid of all the animals in animal sports, like bull riding and calf roping, and replace them with humans.
Rent several warehouses in strategic places, and put a lot of pyrotechnics and explosives, you will pay for it for a long time and then activate devices that start the fires and at that moment just see how the show begins and cause a big problem later.
Inside of steel capsule is one made of radiation blocking material. inner one breaks at 145 degrees releasing small amount of radioactive material. Put inside meat. Use Geiger counter to determine the exact moment done, radioactive material keeps meat warm while it rests
New planet idea
Getting rid of all the plastic by putting it in our bodies
A self adjusting hat with cushion on the inside
A Bath &amp; Body Works candle that smells like the inside of Bath &amp; Body Works
Whenever you say "I give &lt;amount&gt; dollars to &lt;who or what&gt;" 3 times in a row, it happens, and whenever you say "How much money do I have?" you hear or see the amount, even if they're using a different kind of card or bank or whatever. It never talks back, just does what its told.
Make an artificial island mostly out of mangrove trees, grafted and pleached so it would continue to grow larger and be moved to avoid damages over time.
A face-mask that can be applied involuntarily. It looks like a bag on a pole. The bag goes over the head, detaches from the pole and cinches &amp; locks around the neck. The top-half is see-through and the bottom half lets the wearer breathe. They can take it off with scissors when they get home.
Four Seasons should buy a Trump hotel property and rename it the Four Seasons Total Landscaping
People should create a crowd outside the Whitehouse on trumps last day and chant loser repeatedly as he leaves
You know those disposable foil baking trays? Imagine that material used to make a liner for an air fryer basket.
My brother has convinced himself that he looks Mexican or Middle Eastern and that any behavior from others that he perceives as negative is because they are racist towards him.
Doggy time shares
Round up all the 9gaggers and do a case study on "Lobotomized Humanbeings" then cut out their tongues and sacrifice them to Satan.
Be rich, run for president, but don’t self-fund. Instead offer to match every campaign donation with an equal donation to a charity of the donor’s choice.
A website that connects the normal web to the dark web even though there's lots of illegal stuff on the dark web
Bars should start teaching classes so they can reopen.
Create a ride sharing service that brings gasoline to customers for a fee based on distance and grade of petroleum.
From now on, all inflatable balls used in sports shall only be filled with helium.
Mandatory knotted ropes on each floor from 5th story and up, so if there's a fire, people can try to climb down safely by themselves.
Let all the world leaders, great industrialists, bankers etc. trip together on lsd
UFO Umbrella
Further all the closures, chaos and people staying home, to create a large surge of upvotes so the red arrow with a big number makes you happy.
Jesus but with the powers of superman. Nails bounce off him like bullets.
some sort of signal to let people know you are about to make a left or right turn while driving
Have the final presidential debate during the half-time show of the super bowl, and move election day to the following Monday, making it a national holiday as well
Surprize guest on a TV show where the guest is the one who’s picked off a street in an unmarked van and is the one who’s genuinely surprised
A live action reality TV version of Fortnite.
A video game that crosses The Sims with Pong. So before you can play a round of Pong you have to help the paddle mortgage its house.
Make the midterm election a series of sword fights.
A new type of toilet that is a poop rollercoaster. When you flush it gets sent down a clear tube and does loops and sick turns
Let's all unsubscribe from pewdiepie for and hour and then subscribe again, let's give him a heart attack.
A shower that automatically dispenses soap and scrubs you.
All police who kill someone should have a jury trial.
A presidential campaign to NOT be President
Put how many uninstalls an app has on the Google Play and Apple App stores
Horoscopes based on constellations of artificial satellites.
Invent jumpsuits that are viral and bacterial resistant and make it mandatory for everyone to wear
A Call of duty style game set in the roman or pre roman era
During the time of social distancing have priests use holy water in a bubble gun so they can safely bless people from a distance.
Charity Crowdfunding on GOD mode. Ok, so here in the USA we know there are Millions of Republicans and Democrats. Lets show our humanity and crowdfund in the name of love,happiness and prosperity....
Streamers who stream video as they drive or bike through interesting areas. Beautiful areas or maybe simple things like driving down the main drag of Beverly Hills.
Create a sub called /r/AGoddamnThing and intentionally don’t sub to it so you can people you aren’t subscribed to AGoddamnThing on Reddit
A mattress with a variable "lumpiness" setting. Comes with an timer option to make the mattress turn gradually more lumpy overnight so that by the morning it's so uncomfortable, getting up on time will be easy.
Count all of the people who did not vote into the election results
Every commercial break should have a timer on it to let people know when it’s done
Water-cooled phones
Exorcise Class: a priest holds up a cross or speaks Latin and you contort your body and such in time with the music
What if the government just created its own businesses that competed, with no advantage, right next to other corporations?
Voting via encrypted app or account on phone or computer. Read explanation.
Maury with real life problems
Dress as Santa, &amp; go to all the houses of people with their lights still up &amp; shame them.
Use all the dry wood that's causing forest fires in power plants
A system to sort on reddit by "time period." Such as "April 2018 to October 2018"
A law that states owners of businesses must live in the same town as the business resides (legally enforces 'shop local')
A Reddit Karma alarm
Make a centaur, but its body is above of the horse's back legs instead of the front or alternatively put the body where the butt is and put the butt where the body was.
A website that can spin anyone and anything to show how easy it is to make something look bad or good.
Make every marriage vow add "and I promise to reconsummate our marriage once a week or as often as possible"
Google translate should add an "UwU" language as a small Easter Egg!
There should be a "links from: past 6 months option" so that you only see the posts you can interact with.
Everyone dress up as white face for Halloween
Naked and Afraid: Urban (2 contestants start off naked in a set of dumpsters in a decrepit city alley at midnight. With the film crew only filming discretely. Have to make it back to your home country.)
Get thousands of people together, to all ask one cop where the mustard is. Each person only asks once. It's not illegal to ask where the mustard is, but this one cop will be asked thousands of times in one day where the mustard is.
Water, marketed as "make your own ice".
Instead of having "Man/women/person/thing/object/idea Of The Year", lets have worst everything of the year.
Let the first primary state be the state with the highest voter turnout in the previous election.
If masks in the US were represented as a patriotic duty maybe more people would wear them.Audio ads in articles instead of pop up ads, like Spotify
I made a GOOD NEWS app
Carolina Reaper Doritos but every bag contains 3 chips dipped in acid
Self driving car that wont drive but will bitch about your driving.
BEES ARE FROM THE BUTT
I know fairy tales are just stories and they don’t all make complete sense, but if Cinderella’s shoes were a PERFECT fit, why did one fall off?
An iPhone app that can play classical music through your apple watches, one note per watch at a time. The more Apple watches you wear at once, the more polyphony you get.
Doctors should turn away people who caught the virus protesting it, as they were the ones saying it was a hoax
Tear another hole in the the ozone layer to cause global cooling to counteract the global warmingWhat if a majority of us refused to set our clocks forward because Daylight Saving Time is stupid and made everyone use our Standard time instead?
All weather information providers conspire with each other to put “cloudy with a chance of meatballs” for the forecast on April 1st
Everyone needs to go out and draw a peepee on something.
Create a virus that sets the clock to 13/1/2020 after new years eve
Mischievous people could carry bumper stickers to put on monster trucks: "I Have A Big Dick."
split usa into 3 parts instead of 2. theres the indian reservations vs everything else. Split that everything else into 2 parts: those who have to wear masks and be locked down, and those who can do whatever the hell they want.
A clothing shop for suburban dads called “50 shades of grey”
Is it already a thing?
The Tour de France but they can only ride on the bikelanes not on the wide, curved and paved streets.
Allow U.S. Presidents to be re-elected indefinitely, but the vote requirement to be re-elected increases during each election
Incoming managers should interview with the potential team they’ll be leading to see if their style is a good fit
A religion where you're an atheist but still think the devil exists and don't like him
An octopus grappling gun
Convince the millions of fans of The Office to donate money so we can create a real-life Scott's Tots program, so every school child in the city of Scranton can get a laptop battery.
A stand up comedy show where the only laugh allowed is a nose laugh
Tinder should have a super dislike
A setting on your phone called "jack off/gaming mode"
Recipes that include prep time should also include the time it would take to clean all the utensils used in the recipe.
An alarm that displays a picture of your kids and you have to connect the dots with their faces in order to snooze it, a daily reminder of why we put in all those long hard hours.
Forward compatible consoles
Make corporate lobbying and campaign funding illegal with harsh punishments and make the reward for politicians who expose it 8 figures
A database for video game face models.
Since major convention center events have been cancelled, they should utilize all of that space to setup temporary beds for coronavirus victims.
Top programming languages from 1980 to 2020
A car alarm fob that has an indicator light on it to tell you if you've left your car locked or unlocked.
Pick where Tax Dollars go
Airline as a Service -- Pay a blanket monthly/annual fee and with an airline. It sets what you pay for the year regardless what happens to prices on that flight.
The President should not only be randomly selected, but should also not know that they're the President. Just asked a few times a day for their opinion about domestic or foreign policy, which would then secretly be put into effect.
A toilet that has an option to add and subtract water.
We should replace braille signs with one line jokes in braille so that blind people will laugh in public for no apparent reason
With everyone constantly getting affirmation through their own social ecosystems. People should be required every 2-3 years to have a social audit / reality check where they are forced to have informed conversations with people outside their usual sphere.
By asking Rick astley to hand you a copy of the movie "up" you create a paradox wheras he either has to give you up, or let you down.
Stores that don't require the wear of a mask should have a 'mask wearers only' hour for people who don't want to be exposed to COVID (or stupidity).
Lobbying for the people by the people
Literally fighting fire with fire
Advertise the next BLM march as a MAGA march so the police doesn't prepare their RIOT-squads and most violent officers
Cards Against Humanity but every answer card is a Euclid or Keter SCP.
Corona Virus = Home Entertainment.
There should be a website that gives you quick witted comebacks to the sentence you put in, allowing you to answer back/insult/shut it down in a brilliant smart way
What if Hitler was a visionary?
MLB completely retrofits all stadiums by 2025 with new conjoined baseball field/stadium design. Two baseball diamonds intersecting at 1st base on the left diamond and 3rd base on the right one respectively. Team roster doubles overnight and action on the field is unpredictably chaotic.
An anime where a character does something pervy and instead of brushing it off, the other characters treat it as something really serious and it has consequences
Have world leaders switch countries for a month
Retrofit an entire downtown area with a second layer above the streets for pedestrians, so all vehicle transportation is on the current ground level, and all foot traffic and building entrances are on the new level.
DNA Storage could allow super fast internet without radiation
Reduce Carbon Footprint
Make an Oculus Quest VR game with Nerf gun controllers
Spread the message that face masks protect the wearer from harmful vaccination byproducts.
There should be an option for any subscription service to "buy" the product instead. Paying for Microsoft Word, Spotify, Netflix etc every month for the rest of your life is the real crazy idea. It adds up to thousands!
Augmented reality goggles for the poor. It will help them visualize food and shelter.
Maybe the back of your eyeball is like a little pocket that holds all of the eyelashes and fuzz that gets stuck in your eye. A little lint collection for your eye.
The Redskins should be renamed the Redblood Americans, to highlight what we have in common instead of meaningless differences.
Social media badges that you earn like a boy/girl scouts
Deorbit Pluto into the sun with giant engines so all the people who say it's a planet can shut up.
Leisure hunting without harming animals
Okay so what if the coronavirus is made by youngsters to get rid of boomers who are destroying the earth.
A Chrome Extension that lets you chat with other people on the same website or page that you are currently on.
Amazfit customer care number 6202278073+6204027663
What the fuck could happen if God suspend death and allow people to be immortal
Sort a supermarket by colour overnight and make all the customers think they're stuck in a stress dream
naked girls videos - Free Tube
Instead of a gun, keep a chainsaw in your bedroom. The chainsaw would probably be way more intimidating to a home invader
Reddit admins should quarantine /r/coronavirus and other COVID-19 related subreddits
Create a website only containing ads.
Disney needs to make a Buddy-Cop movie about two storm troopers.
A series of murder mysteries where it turns out the murderer was right in doing what they did
Drop raccoons into condo balconies using a drone
A caps-lock for SaRcaSm
Social media apps (Facebook etc.) Should get rid of ads entirely, making you need to pay a small subscription fee ($1-$2) a month. This would mean tech companies wouldn't need to harvest your data and sell that to ad companies in order to make money.
Underwater fireworks.If the Russian disinformation/sowing conflict ‘agents’ are so good, surely that MUST mean they grew up in the US to know the deep subtleties of the culture - doesn’t this narrow down who the hell they might be so they can be found? Not a bot. Not Russian.
When the pandemic is over, build a rollercoaster based on the curve of new cases, as a memorial to this shit.
Face reveals, but instead of revealing their entire face in one post, they reveal parts of their face over multiple posts. They then hold a contest to see who can photoshop the face parts together to look the most realistic.
Wall-e portable charger
Start non-profit clones of the most popular apps and use the billions in ad money to fund policies that would decrease wealth inequality
create a plastic man or stretch armstrong indoor HD tv antenna.
Have 2 new years eves, 1 on december 30 2020, and 1 on december 31 2021 which are one day after the other then january 1 2022. You get 2 years per orbit of earth around the sun from now on.
Advent Colinder
Make a reality show about nuclear powered dead babies
Paedophile battle royaleSimultaneous drone races with Nascar races
Get some of the investors at r/WallstreetBets to make their own hedge fund and stock brokerage services.
Plastic surgery that intentionally gets your face hilariously "stuck like that"
New popular music performers should be called Pop-Tarts &amp; old ones Toaster Strudels.
Becoming a reverse con man that tricks people into thinking you're a terrible person but you secretly do something kind to them.
The Surreal Non-Game of, Life, Time, Eternity! The Universe DIY Time Machine Builders Educational Systems! Movies and Multimedia Music Films as side projects for, financing the Prepping &amp; Staging, for Rewriting Historical History Retroactive while leaving the planet retroactive! Steampunk!
Christmas should be a surprise every year
Easy way to get a passive income
Make my dog the legal CEO of Wendy’s
Next Super Bowl halftime show, have Jerry Seinfeld go up and do 15 minutes of stand-up
USA should be renamed to USI.
An anime where world leaders secretly work together to cause all kinds of artificial issues globally. Many of the things seem evil, but the end justifies the means. Their mission: World Peace and Space colonization.
The Western Society On The Verse Of Total Collapse, They Must Make Non-Textbook Move Or Gone
Every social media app should have a "sort by most popular" setting in it
"Infinite Conjunction" the (ultimate crossover) project
Screw tipping as a percentage of the bill, tip a flat $5 per person regardless if it’s a greaseball diner or fancy steak house.
Cities buy back schools and administration buildings that had employees and students who now work and learn remotely, and the cities turn those buildings into low income housing
On April 1st we just.. don't do anything. At all.
Pi coin! It's free, it's yours! Huge potential, literally no risk. Due your research, but this is a no brainer!
My plan for how 2020’s third act will pan out
All black people should wear body cameras 24/7 to capture abusive police behavior towards them
When wiping your asshole if a large turd hit's the floor dont clean it make tacos out of it. Eat them, poop them out, repeat, keep doing this until the shit doesnt even fit in the bathroom door anymore, post a picture of it and win the world record for the biggest shit.
Get young CGI Will Smith to have a cameo on every 80's movie
Everyone refuses to pay their medical bill after this crisis is over; crashing the system and forcing national health.
A game controller (or mouse) with a hand-warmer in the handles
a bomb that from the,,.
Joe Biden should use YG/Nipsey Hussle's song FDT for his entrance song at every campaign speech.
What if vegans co-opted the term "pro-life"?
A butter brand called Butter from Another Udder
Keep evolution going by sterilizing anyone who would have died without medical care
Boxers should get face &amp; body tattoos that create optical illusions for their opponents.
A program that scans YouTube gaming videos for in-game usernames and allows you to search your username to see if you've ever ended up being in a YouTube video.
masterchef but the judges cook and the contenders judge
Does it count as cheating if you compete in the Olympics while saturating your blood with oxygen so you cant get tired, like with an ECMO machine?
If we all speak out about what hurts us at the same time, there will be a huge wave of love
Flash mob right before the protest gets a little out of hand
Edible clips for burritos and tacos that keep the meat and other fillings from falling out.
Start sending China mystery seeds in the mail!
Change the pronunciation of “science” so that it rhymes with “Beyoncé”
Instead of fighting wars, each country nominates a handful of comedians to roast the other leaders
make your own cell service. connect an internet router to a very powerful antenna, one with a range of hundreds of kilometers, and connect your phone to it.
If 1% of this sub sent me £1 on paypal I could finally buy a house!
Tanning foods where you become the color of the food. You eat a chocolate bar? Hello chocolate chip Charlie. You eat a plum? Hello purple Paula. You eat a white marshmallow? Hello white Wilbur for hot lands even.
Double-monetising YouTube video if you get an inappropriate ad on it.
Apply for a job as a sign language translator, for a TV news station, but also have absolutely no clue how to do sign language and make it up as you go.
The worst part of someone possibly peeing in your coffee is you might catch a disease from it. Government should regulate the pee by having the FDA inspect pee thats sold beside the coffee on store shelfs. You still go to jail if you're caught, but you go for twice as long if you use your own pee.
A rock band needs to finish the Geico commercial song Rat - Round and Round
The toilet paper hoarding is all a ploy for parents to get videos of their toddlers and children destroying the TP for sweet, sweet internet karma.
While we’re getting all our race issues on the table, could we make an effort to train white people to clap on 2 and 4?
A wheelchair you can pedal
There should be a Pros vs. Joes, that pits Professional Teachers against PTA Karens.
Become a drug dealer but cut all your drugs with another drug that simulated withdrawal in order to discourage people from doing drugs.
Any shaped cats
A subreddit like whatisthisthing but the op knows what the item is and everyone guesses what it is. After like a day or so, the answer is revealed.
We institute a maximum wage
Sell homeless people into slavery
Making an epic professional short film about the world's first superhero with Down Syndrome this summer.
Instead of investing so much money to go outer space in search of Human habitable planets...why don't we invest that for the greater good of our planet itself... it's not even an guarantee that humans can live in mars,moon etc.
Bears. But smaller.
A frisbee game but instead of frisbees use those plastic kids pools
Cake comes precut and you can choose slice sizes
Use all the anti-maskers and virus hoaxers for Covid vaccine trials
A 3D de-printer that melts down household plastics and reuses them in a regular 3D printer
The Lakers should get an identical life-size wax statue of Kobe and have him sit courtside for every game in a different outfit.
Pay it forward businesses. Created by the people for a person. You can only run the business for a certain period of time as the owner and highest paid employee. A knew owner is then appointed by majority vote by all employees.
Shadow subreddits to post surveys and ask questions specific to the particular subreddit. It could be moderated by karma scores and would allow answers to stupid questions.
Virus-chan.
The woke youth who chide the old people for not respecting a made up spectrum of gender,will one day be old people who look back and say.’Can you believe I acted like I was a Furry-kin? I was so dumb when I was young.’Their kids will say”You used a word spelled with an N!only racists use N words.”
Sequel to Gods of Egypt where Yahweh literally fights the Egyptian pantheon.
Create a subreddit for all the "just for a day, swap these two subs" ideas, and then make Reddit staff actually swap the subs suggested in the top post of the year for one day a year.
A pop tart, but double the filling like a double stuff Oreo
Original content gives you karma. Reposts gives you rekarma
We should have a holiday called space day, where lights are shut off for an hour at night to reduce light pollution, so we can see the galaxy
Eat nothing but bland and tasteless food for months and then try your favourite foods. The taste would be on another level.
Use all the old video and interviews from Republicans from 4 yrs ago again and pretend it's new to trick maga supporters.A TV series in which every scene uses different actors for characters that are almost identical to the previous scene's actors. By the end of the series all of the characters will look completely different.
An app to modernize the voting process
If you are perfectly healthy, and you get drafted to defend a attack on your home countries soil, you can dodge, but you must walk across the nearest military base in just underwear saying draft dodger on the back.
AdBlock, but for all content with the words "Trump" in it.
Develop a game that is horribly unbalanced and whenever someone complains that something needs nerfed, buff everything else
Tie Speed Limits of Roads to Their Names
Total crazy idea here but hear me out, maybe after all these outbreaks like SARS, MERS and now Corona, maybe just maybe, Chinese medicine doesn’t work. Crazy right?
Brendon Urie from Panic at the Disco singing along with Amy Lee from Evanescence
The Bachelor... but in prison
A nationwide competition in the US where the people living in the state with the least covid19 cases to population density ratio get a free burger
As the election is too close to call we should just chop the legs off one of the candidates and swap the others on, get Donald Biden And be done with it
What d’ya think
An app where you can type a ranting, swearing, rude and blunt letter, and it translates the text into a polite, restrained and respectful letter. Useful for businesses replying to reviews. Or dealing with your boss.
Instead of dressing up as a superhero and visiting cancer kids, someone should dress up as darth Vader and do the force choke on patients with a cough.
Re-sealable cereal bags. It’s 2021.
With all sports leagues canceled, we should have athletes/teams play as themselves in their video game equivalent and stream their games on Twitch.
Instead of shutting down public events, just give everyone a full hazmat suit and ban people not wearing one.
A Pirates of the Caribbean movie that just so happens to be in space
Switch names of the US Republican and Democratic parties suddenly and without explanation.
Years from now, the city of Corona, California should have a festival where people get together, wearing masks, and burn a big virus-shaped ball of sticks and paper mache.
Now that we're not allowed to shake hands, we should salute each other (like in the military) instead.
Maybe if we built a giant platform in a crazy vault and called it the Temporal Displacement Platform someone from the future would arrive there after they finally figured it how to make it work.
A subreddit where anyone who mentions Trump in any context is immediately banned forever
Start local Republican Vs. Democrat fight clubs.
The cost of a food item equals to how many calories it is.
A show about an elite squad of pothead mercenaries called Blunt Force
Should we stop marking NSFW content as NSFW, as person viewing the content is most likely not at work?
A Confederate flag face mask. Tell rednecks they're not allowed to wear them in public.
Once a police gets in trouble for excessive force, he should be stripped of all weapons and only allow3d to "tiny pinch" suspects for six months.
Nuts and Nut Butters Rebrand
A movie: Space Pirates vs Space Vikings
A mouse that connects to your laptop (and ideally the cellphone) so you can scroll using the wheel.
free Netflix without turning in wifi ever again
The three most popular battle royale games participate in a battle royale of their own.
If it were called "Police Reform Protests" instead of "Black Lives Matters Protests" we might be able to sneak this thing past the racists.
Some day we might have artificial intelligence for politicians. Imagine if had made a commie AI! “Beep beep booboo bop, EAT THE RICH.”
Start renting parachutes out as carry-ons at airports.
New Tesla's to come with a pre-made playlist (including Survivor by Destiny's Child)
Emojify anything rude or hateful on Reddit - it really takes the sting out of otherwise unpleasant posts
Start a conspiracy that the government doesn't want people to wear mask due to facial recognition programs, and the FBI is cataloging their faces.
We created a company called IBE, and in its initials say International Bank Electric, but we only bought the domain and we gave the idea to a person in slilicon valley and it makes it come true, but he needs to buy the domain.
Get rid of the whole state/federal tax and implement a VAT tax in the United States.
Charades for deaf people. Sign language is cheating obviously so in deaf charades they have to communicate the word/phrase with unitelligable sounds.
Scented menus
thoughts on creating an emergency room/emergency service that is specifically for mental health crisis? what do you do if someone is having a panic attack or attempting to take their own life?
We make the mexican "day of the dead" day the official day of the year to use dead memes.
Everyone should easily be able to run phone apps on their PC's
They should make a coffin that when you die you get devoured by your own pets so you won't go to waste.
Do "Magikarp" challenge runs on Youtube, but just nickname your Mewtwo "Magikarp".
Would I be possible to stop global flooding in the future by building a shit ton of sealed silos and filling them with ocean water?
If Youtube shared a small percentage of ad revenue to creators of subtitles on their videos, almost all videos would have closed captions for the deaf and translation for non native speakers
Politicians should get paid the average income of the people they represent.
Videos of people having sex on the internet
We make a word that rhymes with orange.
Minecraft  To The Funniest Minecraft Video Ever - Tomm...
Professional snakes and ladders tournaments
Invisible eye tattoo that protects your eyes from UV light.
We should create an online-archive for all of Trump‘s fuckups as president, so future generations won‘t be able to reframe his presidency as „not THAT bad“.
Is it just me or is ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’ a documentary of 2020 rather than a work of fiction?
PS5 but the gimmick is "remember every game you enjoyed playing on our previous consoles or wanted to play? You can play all those. Enjoy"
Get a $100 Walmart Gift Card!
On 8-24 at 8:24 AM, hold a nationwide moment of silence for Kobe.
RNC Drinking Game - Every time Melania Trump's fake forced smile snaps back into a grimace you do a shot.
Get 8.4 million Americans to pitch in their $600 stimulus checks to buy MGM Studios.
What if all of us (in the United States, and Britain) voted for a 3rd party?
What if people are buying the pasta as a sacrifice for the FSM, so that it ends the pandemic? And the toiletpaper is meant as a firestarter.
Toys For Tits !
Karma-free subreddits. Users upvote posts like normal but score is hidden and OP gets no karma, discouraging lazy reposts. This might help preserve the subs' original purpose as it gets bigger.
hot pepper juice aerosol sprayer beside the salt, pepper, hot sauce bottle, and other spices on the dinner table
If getting Hugz gave you actual Hugs IRL then Depression in Redditors would be least among all the Social Media Platforms
A decentralized government
A presidential candidate under 70
Make all money slightly radioactive
With the cancelation of some sports, E-sports should capitalize on this and start pushing hard to get air time.
Correspondence Trials
A business that quarantines thousands of people for a week each in isolation while they are tested for STDs then rents them all one big "hotel room" where they may or may not choose to have a huge orgy with near 0 chance of catching a STD.
A smartphone case with a Wii remote wrist strap
A sequel to the 80s movie Big, where Josh’s wish to be a kid again made him stop aging past thirteen, and he wears a cloak over his baseball jacket and jeans
A dishwasher that has a display saying what time the last wash was finished.
Trump's wall should be repurposed into a two thousand mile long race course. The American team on one side and the Mexican team on the other; races could go all day and night!
Isn't it time for a new aluminium drink can opening method?
Stacked dominos so that the last falling domino falls on a remote that detonates explosives on a building that needs to be demolished.
Instead of the final debate before the election, have both candidates take the Immigration/Citizenship exam live.
Ending Rasism
A Hot Sauce Bidet
If “milli” is the prefix for one thousandth of something and a million is a thousand times a thousand, then “billi” in billion should also be the prefix for a millionth of something
25m sprint in the olympics. Each athlete is allowed up to 100m to reach maximum velocity.
a politically correct word thats shorter than the word it replaces
Buy Cenforce 200mg Online | TramadolShop
Rename coffe to anxietea
A lottery where the winner gets to host The Oscars. Only non industry folks are eligible.
Lets have 2 medical stimulus payments: You get $1400 for taking a covid vaccine, and you get another $1400 for having an abortion if pregnant.
Fart into an ass mask
I should get a dog so that the raccoons will stop having sex in my yard
Replace all trains/subways with rollercoasters. Make the commute way more fun.
Replace one of the presidential debates with a boxing match
All white people in america should wear black face to confuse the cops
Batman movie where he draws inspiration from fictional Batman comics in his world.
An Autoscroll feature on posts for Reddit mobile.
We start sedating kids like dogs on airplanes
A high school class in which anyone who hasn't failed a class before fails automaticallySodas with a lot of sugar should have a health warning label printed on them like they do with cigarettes and tobacco products
Since we can't trust the media anymore, we're probably doubting the fact-checkers to a certain extent, how does a trust-less platform for fact-checker sound?
meme making software on Reddit
A sex room that tracks your body temp, and shoots cool alcoholic mist toward your direction to both cool you down and get you drunk via skin absorption.
Trump should donate 1 dollar to Bernie Sanders so he can’t say that he doesn’t have any billion dollar donators.
If I could make a movie, this is what it would be:
We should start saying “thank you for your service” to frontline healthcare workers like we do for those in the military
To be allowed to call yourself news in any way, the media should be forced fact check any and all statements with an approved method. Search engines sort first by most factual, then by most popular.
Jackbox.tv but you're matched up with other random players.
Dig a hole in your yard &amp; fill it with cheap gas. When prices go back start a Craigslist gas station in your garage.
A christmas homeless patronage tree replacement.
Search engine for onlyfans
On December 31st at 12am, we should Google "Why does it say 1-1-2020?"
A website thats a lot like Wikipedia, but Teachers trust it
Is it possible...
Swap the Memphis and Chicago NBA teams. That way the Chicago sports teams are the Cubs, the Bears, the Grizzlies, and...........the Blackhawks.
Anti Totalitarian App Idea
1 million lgbt+ people should all move to Wyoming and start a new city. We can create a safe haven for lgbt+ youth and also flip the state blue &amp; get two queer senatorsA twitter-like/messaging app where updates and messages travel at the speed of sound.
Reddit should have a shared feed option where my friends and I can cross post whatever we want into it like a group chat
If you want to avoid taking the blame for something, no matter what, do it out of love, because love means never having to say you're sorry.
Someone should try scamming anti vaxxers by giving them shots and saying "this will help you get infected" when really you are vaccinating him
Regardless of the outcome of this election, can we all just start a meme where we don’t talk about Drumpf? I’m talking Voldemort style, he who cannot be named etc.
During presidential debates, there should be a giant TV screen that fact-checks videos of politicians in real-time in front on them, using their own words against them and it should play automatically over their speech whenever they lie or contradict themselves.
Everyone should get one month to do whatever they want.
Smart dark mode for Reddit: it automatically detects bright posts and dims them until you click on them.
Email Netflix &amp; complain about the option to turn off autoplay on their trailers.
Walking is just falling and then catching yourself with your other foot.
A subreddit for people born in the 2000’s.
Dishonorably discharge American police officers with no pension when their cowardice leads to innocent murders, like the Parkland School shooting in Florida.
Parents should be responsible for their offsprings their entire life. No one asks to be born in this world, parents choose to give birth to someone so they should be responsible for them for the entire time the offspring is alive even after reaching adulthood.
YouTube
A subreddit that anonymously posts everyone's discarded comments without any context.
Covid is also creating opportunities. Now is the time to create semi autonomous remote controlled robots to do most of the dangerous in person jobs. Cops, school guards, firefighters, roughnecks, heavy industry. Use the gamer’s setups and turn work into controlled games.
Tell anti maskers that Obama has installed facial recognition and the only way to protect your self is to put on a mask
Have Trump try to steal a piglet from a mama sow.
The future of ?
Reverse lottery: Everyone gets paid a free 20 bucks up front, but then one pathetic loser has to pay $1million if he is picked
Dell Vostro 3491 14-inch Laptop
Name your business "the whitehouse"
Allow Reddit users to pay to rescind someone’s gold/silver/etc award.
A woke comic drawn in the most boomer style imaginable
There should be a subreddit where people post advertisement posts that are typically locked so we can circlejerk about how terrible they are
Release convicted felons if enough people will vouch for them financially
Forum for parsed COVID-19 data separating deaths caused directly by it and deaths with only symptoms.
Solidarity Jeans
A department that investigates the wrong doing of police and see all the laws broken
A sequel to the 2004 movie Van Helsing, only it's R rated and given the Logan treatment.
A restaurant with no menu
schrodinger's cemetery
A talk show but instead of celebrities, it's just ordinary people talking about their lives.
A Social Media for donations to the needy
Pass a law making it illegal to be Mitch McConnel.
Devote 2020 to eradicating preventable blindness
Create an open rail coach where EVs can be chained and an autonomous rail runs using the batteries of all together.
There should be a 'random' button on Reddit so you can see things you normally wouldn't.
Take some wooden nickels
Feminists vs men’s right MMA
Make a bowling ball with the same function as one of those plasma balls so when you go to bowl it looks super cool in the black light alleys. It can have a lithium ion battery inside so you can charge it.
Internet companies have to pay US whenever the WiFi goes down for no reason
ECHO NEWS - The Spotify for news pieces app. Echo News would feature articles, photos, and videos created by people with a bachelor's in journalism. Users would pay a subscription fee and content creators would get paid based on the number of shares or retweets their article received.
Get a band, make sure they're separated with no contact with each other, and give them the music sheets for a song none of them have heard. Give them time to learn how to play/sing it alone, and the first time they ever play the song together is in front of a live audience.
Have Trump dressed up as Santa Claus, and Giuliani as one of his Elves
An Adult support group for ugly children who are upset they were the ones not molested by their relatives......or the boy scouts.
Propose to the love of your life. Spend months planning the wedding. Finally, on your wedding day, when you're standing at the altar, suddenly fake total amnesia.
Plastic curbside trash bins should be repurposed as ventilators.
Kenan Thompson of SNL should replace Alex Trebek as the host of JEOPARDY!
Covid - 19
A extra option on the American ballot cards that you don’t like any nominee. If the majority of voters choose this option the election is repeated with different candidates.
"The Office" style comedy series where Kyle Mooney plays a David Koresh type cult leader
World's largest Kahoot game because of quarantine?
A Forrest Fenn themed treasure hunt , but for drugs
I have a crazy idea;Get a global NGO/Company to affiliate with our healthcare club
From now on, ALL movies that are remakes must use the entire original cast (if a cast member has died then too bad the cast stays the same), and it’s a 1:1 shot remake. Basically, just the original film with older or *missing actors.
Cat helmet with tele-controlled laser pointer, so you can remote control your cat
Make prison/jail more like school with classes for learning different trades, law, general ed.
For those 2-story busses, put the driver seat on the top floor
Supply depots in StarCraft 2 should be able to load a marine
Since assisted suicide is illegal, assisted murder should also be illegal, even though government does assist in killing lots of people.
Grandma - Clean Hands
How about an election boycott? Just have everyone stay home November third, and nobody vote until this damn government gets its shit together.
Make water fountains that you don't need to crouch down to drink from
Make congress like jury duty
Online vegan recipes should say how vegans and non-vegans rated the dish separately.
In hospital parking lots, they should remove all the reserved spots, like the ones reserved for the higher paid doctors, and see how long it takes them to find a parking spot just like the rest of us.
If a candidate runs out of time in a debate then their microphone should turn off instead of politely asking them to stopGenetically-engineered dogs that drool/sneeze facial products
Mandate everyone with 3D printers print and ship specific parts to ventilator manufacturers.
Orthodontists purposefully add extra discomfort for people who don’t wear their elastic bands.
My new documentary that follows the horrors the Japanese must go to produce cubed watermelon. Let the watermelons be free range, not caged!
An MLM for the rest of us...
A new law... stating that, if you don't wear a Brown shirt every Thursday- your coworkers are allowed to punch you in the face ONCE.
Put HEPA filters on gaming PCs to make them double as air filtration units.
NSFW Jump scares in porn
If you do a crime, you should be able to tell the police then they let you use their time machine to go back and convince your earlier self not to do the crime
Important Question
A four slot toaster with a picture of General Grievous on it.
During a Craigslist transaction both parties must introduce themselves as "Craig"
People start putting the year the post happened when they repost old picture.
RICO the White Surpremacists
The Hunger Games, but insted of poor people fighting to the death its the rich fighting eachother to get bailout money.
We all only pay $750 in taxes this year. If the president doesn't have to pay more niether do we.
They should make a sequel of Truman Show
We should get rid of time zones and just use UTC everywhere
Petition: Disney must give Star Wars back to George Lucas so he can make the true ending before he dies.
Maybe you guys will like this, didnt go over so well in the original sub.
In leap years, replace February 29th with a second February 2nd.
There should be an Annoying Orange special featuring the Veggie Tales characters.
An animated Mork and Mindy, but in the style of Rick and Morty
True Baptism
Tesla, an electric vehicle, should add a toaster.
A rom-com/coming of age series, on Netflix or somesuch: A young, up-and-coming semi-pro tennis player waves goodbye to his 20’s while he searches for ‘the one’ and tries to figure out how life changes when he finally goes from ‘Young Adult’ to simply ‘Adult’.
Replace the Confederate statues with statues of Nathan Bedford Forrest shaking hands with Daryl Davis
Netflix Mix, a randomised playlist of shows you want to watch, that maintains the episode order
the 10 branches of the government
You know how Bose headphones can cancel out sounds by hearing a sound and then playing the inverse of the sound? Why don't laptops play a sound that would cancel out the fan sound?
Pokemon Go as an Olympic event
Since the whole world will suffer this pandemic for atleast half of 2020, we can all come together and restart the year 2020 once again after 31st December
Make text based games playable on voice assistants so that the blind can play videogames too, and everyone can play games hands free.
Give Mitt Romney an escort, He might "have an accident" like Epstein.
The People Of The USA VS The Federal Government: A Lawsuit over the extreme negligence we have experienced vis a vis the Coronavirus Pandemic.
Paying for "anti-awards" it's like a downvote but for awards
Every time someone making a six-figure salary loses millions of dollars on a bad idea, make them switch jobs with a service worker
An Educational NSFW video series that uses sex as the educational model
A knife and taser built into 1
Subtitling has never been this easier with Subtitlebee!
EA sports bros brawl. Tony Hawk, Wayne Gretzky, Tiger Woods etc just beating the shit out of each other
Go to one of those cities that has no laws due to technicalities. Establish my own government with laws.
Facebook should auto filter out comments on popular posts that begin with tagging someone, and instead send a PM to that person
IdiotsInCars becomes a portal for an AI cop surveillance system to get clear judgments in extreme cases.
Only African Americans can be police officers in the US.
Try to see if China's population fits on Chile territory
Candy that is flavored like candle scents.
Yearly award honoring the person who dies with the most debt, that disappears with your death. Cap’n Capitalism Award.
pen-puzzle
Make a “feels like” metric for age like we have for weather
Hire lobbyist to represent the American people's interests and lobby Congress.
Market a 3" Trump brand vibrating dildo and force him into a publicized lawsuit
A bot for streaming services that tells the viewers in advance if there is any NSFW content coming up on the movie/show you’re watching.
make a phone with no inbuilt apps
Make sex ed a part of standardized testing
Create a health circuit breaker month celebration where people stay at home and isolate voluntarily for a month and give it a catchy name like Homevember for the Northern Hemisphere and Staygust for the Southern Hemisphere to encourage the movement
Protect USPS I order to ensure ballots are sent and received.
Being on phone hold would be more bearable if you could control the music, eg through your Spotify account.
An app where you hook up your ultrasonic toothbrush and you can self administer an ultrasound on things
All Trans Basketball League
Instead of plastic/recycled/metal/compost straws, no more straws. Just drink straight from the cup or glass.
URINE For A Treat
Remake Toy Story but as a horror film about dog toys
F1 racing but with keyboard controls
A way to post a thread where everyone’s comments aren’t revealed right away.
Make billionaires delusional enough to think they can run for President so they inject their money into the economy instead of keeping it offshore
Maybe Hollywood producers and studios collectively made a deal with the Devil and are bound to create attrocieties every so often in order to continue being successful, E.g. Cats
Under Armor should make a dating app for fitness enthusiasts called Under Amour
Hire some dentists from across the border, undercut the overpriced dentistry in the united states and save people a trip to mexico for a discount.
Create a 2d ethical spectrum based on equality of action vs equality of outcome (feminist vs radical feminist) and a scale of sensitive to insensitive (highly concerned vs not concerned.)
Self promotion idea
I’m going to be a mock republican for a week.
A version of the breaking news with laugh track, so we don't get depressed by the mainstream media
A VR-headset with microphones attached right next to the mouth and nose, so you could make a stealth game that took things like heavy breathing and gasping into account when trying to hide.
A cage that lowers onto the bed when you told google it's time to get funky.
A Arranged Marriage Program for Hopeless Singles 35 and Older; If you’re 35 and still don’t have kids or married, you can enlist yourself for an arranged marriage with a another hopeless single of another race/ethnicity, e.g. if your Asian you’ll have an arranged marriage with a POC or Latino
Invent a new country named Bruh
Can you convert CPAP machines into makeshift respirators/ventilators? Would help address Covid-19 pandemic
Hotel Etiquette for all students
A children's show whose gimmick is that the heroes and villains are 100% practical and are actually smart.
Why we dont make monuments for future?
A camping cart pulled by a person?
A roomba, but for your mouth. It brushes your teeth for you
There should be a citywide database that contains a list of their bullies and punk asses, maybe in a flip style format and user comments.
Replace the House of Representatives with internet voting and put term limits on Senators
the conspiracy theory that government exists. all you see is people pretending it exists.
A construction playground where people can play with heavy equipment such a bulldozers and excavators.
Keep cops, private prisons, and prison guard unions happy by replacing petty marijuana offenders with longer sentences for sexual assault and Wall Street criminals.
Sadly, the Dakotas have turned into North DaCovid &amp; South DaCovid
FaceID while wearing a mask
We should send all criminals on a boat to Australia, if they survive and help battle the forest fires then they get to keep their freedom
If settlement payouts in police brutality cases came out of cops' union and pension funds, this particular problem would be solved real fuckin' quick.
Build stainless steel pyramids identical to those existing in Egypt on the exact opposite end of the globe!
World wide one child policy
A test you have to take before you can vote. Its administered before every election and ensures that your brain is functional at even the most basic level.
There should be a council with the most pessimistic people to be prepared for worst case scenarios like a pandemic.
An app for when you're undecided on something. You send in your dilemma, and someone named Richard will decide for you. It will be called Dick Picks.
Everyone start regularly burning cash.
Cover all the empty seats in sports stadiums in green or blue and then digitize a bunch of fans in the stands.
Your vote count increases by one for every consecutive election you participate in
Rather than fining companies a pointlessly low amount when they break the law, we should garnish their profits for a period of time.
If you would freeze time, you couldn't move, beacuse you would freeze air molecules
Sell soup in bottles, so you can chug your breakfast while running to school/work
Reddit should have a sliding-scale rating for posts/articles vs. the binary approach rn.
A “2020 Reddit Filter” which filters out all posts that have to do with all major terrible things going on right now.
Hyper-personalized ads
Make the entire world have one time zone
The Bottle of Marbles Analogy
What if you could somehow create something that freezes fire and use it as a portable heater.
Carry a can of beans with you at all times.
Covid-19 shock collars! You know- for kids.
AdBlock plugin that only stops RAID:SHADOW LEGENDS ads
Kamala Harris is going to become the 47th president some day, and it will be the greatest thing to happen to th United States of American. And maybe the world.
This is crazy!?!?!?
Fortify landfills, throw criminals in it. No landfills will become a free-for-all, no laws existing in this prison/landfill. They can collect scraps which they can trade for money which can be used to buy essentials. Kept in there until their time is done.
Make politicians give weekly updates
Harvest pollution carbon and create charcoal out of it for heating or bbqs.
What if they were to delete EVERY single movie that every existed?
Joe Biden needs a slogan printed on blue hat
Gummy water
The same product for 10 different prices at the same store, but the cheaper it gets the farther you have to go toward the back and the store is miles long and you can only carry a small basket.
Someone should make parody covers of Notorious B.I.G. songs and call himself Hilarious L.O.L.
A members-only subreddit of the best loopholes out there to make a quick buck - limited to 50-100 members so it's harder for the word to get out and have the loophole shutdown.
North Korea and Iran should swap leaders for a day. If it goes well, other dictatorships can participate.
(For game developers) Anonymously post your ideas for additions to the game as fan-made concepts online to see people's reactions (e.g. "I wish that was in the game", "I'm glad that isnt in the game", etc.)
A subreddit for questions about the body, similar to r/Askscience. Call it r/Askbody
I have a few holidays ideas
Tinder for sex offenders
Constitutional Convention
Rebuild early school syllabus to away from "things I'll never need in real life" and instead have the goal of making pupils well rounded and interesting people.
Crazy Idea to Make Infectious Disease Diagnostics radically cheap
Hamster fashion shows
not sharing crazy ideas
Nuclear Powered Cruise Ships
Rubik's Pube
Come at me bro
Voting should be something we do at the same time as we pay taxes. You're required to vote, but it's just a short form along with your taxes.
sue someone for stealing your bullet and hiding it inside their bloody hole
Do people tend to help more or pull others down
Stink Wrap! Bubble wrap filled with stink bomb extract so that the unsuspecting bubble wrap popper has instant regret. Think glitter bomb type revenge but less messy.
Sport sims raising money for charity using real announcers!
a subreddit where only spam is allowed, but since spam is on topic, only quality content counts as spam
Replace the American Republican/Democrat party with a Fascism/Communist party and watch the political fireworks explode safely from my island country thousands of kilometers away.
Dragon Age: Inquisition is better than the Witcher Wild Hunt
The real paleo diet: Only eat in small amounts after accomplishing something
Bring back old style formal wear. Fancy hats, fancy robes, fancy shoes.
The minimum age to buy drugs should increase by 1 year every year to protect the non addicted, but addicted people are exempt, since they won’t protest having access to all drugs. Addicted people will gradually reduce in size after inevitably dying, and in the future, the non addicted replace them.
A time- travel washing machine. Put in your pants and shirts, set the dial to 1879 and hey presto! Your clothes come out as Victorian attire.
Cars and guns should not be regulated, but only I should be allowed to own one.
12-hour delivery for charging cables.
Everybody who had a birthday in lockdown is legally recognized as one year younger
MyWaterGate
Hire only moms as police officers
A subreddit where you can post anything that doesn't violate Reddit's ToS
Enhance Recycling Programs By Incentivizing Recycling Through Monetary Benefit
When the title for a post doesn't match the rules/requirements for a subreddit, the post should just not go through and tell you to change your title before posting
A coming of age movie about an ancient aztec trying to find his place called, "Huitzilopochtli and Me"
A show where paranormal investigators enter haunted areas and do all kinds of disrespectful behavior instead of being all kind and nice to the ghosts
Epipen roulette: every 120th epipen manufactured contains bee venom, latex crab juice, manmilk and/or peanut butter.
B’n’B’n’L’n’D
Nutritious cigarettes that carry vitamins and minerals into your bloodstream when you smoke them
Delete all your subreddits for New Years and then join back whatever you want to see how your interests change as you get older.
Trump should pull a 9/11 and fly an early 20th century German style zeppelin into Trump Tower. Nobody would suspect him. He'd then pass the "way, really a lot better Patriot Act," pinning the blame squarely on the remaining Berner's leftover after Super Tuesday (RIP, darling.)
A Margarita delivery truck that plays a non-stop synthesized loop of Margaritaville while it drives around neighborhoods at 3:00 PM every afternoon.
What if we put soap or detergent or sanitiizer all on our surroundings and when it rains for more than 20seconds. Voila
Carbonated Pickle Juice.
Sell best /r/CrazyIdeas in a kindle book format
There Should Be an E Girl Charity Stream
Like cups and spatulas, make mailboxes and their posts completely out of silicone.
I'm going to give this Wholesome Award I got for free to the lamest CrazyIdeas post I can find in New, and see if it makes any difference.
Hang murderers and rapists from a zip wire at the top of a hill. When they get to the bottom, an undertaker is waiting with their casket.
If our eyes could record video 24/7 I would have the best YouTube channel
A "Robinhood Regret" extension that calculates how much money you could have made if you had sold everything you ever bought at exactly the right time
Someone should design a small electric garbage truck and give them to lower income cities/towns/suburban areas.
Organ Transplants from Death Row
An app that allows you to test whether you're more loyal to an ideal or a party
For cancelled sports seasons, each team should select two teammates to play out the rest of their games on their respective video games (soccer teams would play FIFA) on Twitch.
Encourage millions of voters to send a "You're fired!" postcard to the White House.
Rename news sources so they would have honest names and they wouldn't be able to spread lies
Fill bike frames and tires with helium
reduce political corruption by not allowing politicians to escape the country for a few months after their job ends, and they have to tour the country with crowds around them during those few months. knowing this, politicians wont plan to escape right after leaving office, will try to make ppl happy
Someone should take all Confederate flags and sew them into masks to give back to their owners to become excited about staying safe from the Coronavirus.
Vertical Jenga Scrabble
A 3 hour film about a man who travels halfway across the world to 'smash that mof***ing like button'.
Make bathrooms pay to enter but you get your money back if you wash your hands.
A site just like reddit except every comment you post gets immediately censored.
Fines should be based on a percentage of your annual income
Shudder
The Just Dance team and Boston Dynamics collaborate to make a Bluetooth speaker that dances to the song that's currently playing.
The price of toilet paper should increase exponentially with the number of packs bought
A reality show on the International Space StationThe new Washington DC football team name should be the Caucasians.
A "First time living alone" kit, it gives you everything you may need for your first time living by yourself
Make a lottery where the winner gets free healthcare except every entrant gets it and call it insurance
Put public bathrooms near gardens
Closets should have a single unit washer/dryer combined.
Bulletproof Bullet
A business that collects menstrual blood to make into meat substitutes
A site where you type in a screenplay-format conversation, and it generates a voice for each character and reads it to you.
A face mask could have a small QR code on the outside that you can register with your phone so that Face ID still works while wearing it.
a new system of reddit coins, but you can’t buy any on your own
A 21 jump street movie, where jenko and Schmidt have to invade zoom classes to find drug dealers.
A justice system where your punishment is your crime. Ex: If you stole someone's phone, you get your phone taken away.
A microwave, but it freezes things fast.
Assassins/templars
Have a new rich person way of killing yourself, "He Coined himself" where a rich person goes all in Scrouge McDuck style diving into a pile of Metal coins.
Every 1,400$ stimulus recipient over 21+ should drop it at an Indian Casino essentially turning the stimulus into government reparation to the native tribes
Buying a Ringtone From iTunes for your iPhone
Every president is executed after they serve their term
A way to see number of views on Reddit posts
You should be able to input your advertising preferences into your TV to have some control over the ads you see.
WIN 50$ FREE ALL INFORMATION SECURE THE SITE
Molecules have a minimum possible temperature, but no maximum possible temperature. This means you can't be too positive.
An app that lets you find the snap chat of anybody in the area using the same app.
Prank toilet seat with electrodes on either side. Senses when you start to poop and shocks you at that very moment
A live action adaptation of Disney's Tailspin, but they cast an actual bear as the lead and let him fly the plane himself.Let's shut down the hospitals so people will be forced to stay inside or they die
A touch display that does not change whatever is on the screen as your finger in going on its direction
Literally: wealth distribution
Got a crazy idea of customizing a bottle!!! Pls check it out, I'd really appreciate it!
Ban intraracial marriage, eliminate racism
What if it was illegal to sell someone a license for the same game?
Multi-ship: A relationship that consists of four or more people who mutually agree to be together.
A runway fashion show for HAZMAT suits
Instead of giving serial killers cool nicknames like the "Golden State Killer" or "The Night Stalker", name them something stupid like "The Micropenis Murderer" to dissuade them from getting the attention for their crimes
PC tower cases should come with a slot or cool place to put your external hard drive, with gussets or openings for wiring to go through the back of the case with the rest of the other wirings. Bonus points if the PSU has its own socket. IDK too crazy right?
Start an OnlyFans that's just a vlog
3D printers in the shape of seeds(missile tips) that have the capabilities to use it's surroundings and/or other materials to create buildings similar to the form of a tree, branching out. Instead of sending robots to build pods. Let's shoot rocket plants at Mars then make them liveable.
Retail in a slump? Buy or rent 45,000 nekkid store mannequins and deposit them at the Capitol Mall.
All News items must end with the sentence.oor is it??
People aged 13-18 get to vote, but people 18-60 get two votes.
Champagne Zee Vodka
PCs, consoles and phones should have a pinhole with a button that when pressed with a pin given by the manufacturer should delete the last running program or game on that device.
Why not?
Have a reddit live concert with everyone playing music on it, where all the streams merged into 1 to get the whole sound of Reddit.
To desinfect some closed spaces, use a chemical in gaseous form to spread to the whole volume in some small percentage, instead of spraying surfaces?
Form a group of reverse conspiracy theorists, where you all pretend to believe that well-known or generally accepted things like gravity, magnetism, climate change, and vaccines are actually secret or mysterious knowledge, or things the government doesn't want you to know about.
Turn the Hudson Bay into a Freshwater Lake
Porn where it’s just plays and musicals with the script unchanged in anyway but everyone is naked
If Reddit would color the comments on a post in another color than the replies to the comments so I can actually read what people had to say without scrolling through the (most of the time) meaningless and useless replies..
An under the sink urinal. Pissing in the sink saves a lot of water but most men wont do it bc its disgusting or against social norms (or the wife wont allow it). A peehole connected to the down pipe would solve both of these issues. Rinse the pee with handwashing water. Cut flushes in half.
Drive thru blowjob/handjob booth
Instead of making memes about the possible war in Iran, get the fuck outside and do some real ass shit to make a difference to stop it.
Seniority at a job should be based on days worked, and not days employed.
When linking hentai, put the 6 digit number on OEIS and then write the first OEIS ID. Also if there is more than 6 digit number in the sequence, put the nth number in square brackets next to the OEIS ID.
Shaq should be the next President of USA
Tecra Space aims higher than sight can reach!
All skyscrapers above 100ft should be required to carry parachutes in case of an emergency.
The ice in iced coffee drinks could be frozen coffee so your drink doesn't get diluted with water as the ice melts.
Ask everyone in the US: What’s the kind of life that you want to live? Gather all the responses, find the most frequently answered and then build policies off of that.
Coronavirus camp for kids
Play an FPS with your friends were all your keybindings are totally randomized
A playlist but the songs are just the last few seconds of every song when it fades out, and disappears, in a loop.
1 meter beer bottle made out of caps
lets call legs "anti-gravity devices" to sound more cool!
Measure heart rates on roller coasters then find the average heart rate at the end of the week. Compare averages across the country to find the scariest roller coasters.
Neuralink Dreams
Crowdsourced, Instant Local Recommendations
Let's start saying "I reddit" instead of "I read it on reddit"
A prison for pets who eat their owner’s shoes
All hoodies made reversible, so you never again have to turn it right-side-out before you put it back on
A Terminator movie where terminator goes back in time to kill a person like its a accident if anything goes wrong then it should kill every witness and delete every footage him been seen
A restaurant run by Courtney Love called Hole Foods. If you order the "Kurt Coburger", she'll shoot it and cover it up free of charge.
Kill Corona
To solve the problem of sustainability, if you want to eat meat, you have to go and get it yourself.
Royal Caribbean would make a killing if they christened just one of their new ships "Pirate of the High Seas".
An Island Nation of Redditors
A drama/comedy series based on the Tiger King: Joe Exotic - played by Mike Myers
The Devils Avocado, a News site when reporting on a subject, posts two versions of the same article/video: Both on opposing sides, so that you always get both sides of the same story.
Continuous Daylight Savings
The Corporate Games
An app that pipes in fan noise to stadiums (cheer/booing) at the push of a button for when sports come back without fans.
/u/maxwellhill the Reddit account with the 8th most link karma of all time, powermod of frontpage subs, first account to reach a million Karma, is/was operated by Ghislaine Maxwell.
Why they don't just make an anime only using V-tuber avatars already?
Stars should come in on random elementary school Zoom chats.
Show consequences in porn. Like when a pizza delivery guy comes and have sex the girl who ordered it. And in the end, gets fired from his job for his workplace behaviour.
Terms of Service no longer apply after you stop using the service.
When self driving cars become reality, give them a face like Lightning McQueen so people will feel comfortable and friendly towards them. Also when you honk, Owen Wilson just says WOW.
Not for profit single payer healthcare company
Make the speed limit on any road equal to the current temperature.
Decoherence is the key to an Unified Theory
Mail for Gangstas
A night mode in the microwave to stop de "beep" sound
Riot should suddenly remove zilean from the game with no explanation.
Make all buildings egg-shaped to withstand plane crashes.
Create a standard of ethics certification for corporations that pay higher wages to the workers, limit pay to executives, whose boards of directors is diverse, help fight climate change, and do not lobby governments.
A service that parents can hire to try and “abduct” their kids.
The day the pandemic is officially declared over should be declared an annual holiday everywhere, kind of like Independence Day but for the whole world
Social Dilemma challenge. Put yourself phone down and see how long it takes to send you a notification.
Unexpected suicide on Reddit Livestteam
A reality TV show where old asian people cough on people and see how the victim reacts.
An Uber app that gives drivers 100% of their own earnings for a monthly fee.
what will happen if..?
With paper submissions researchers should be required to submit an explanatory video(s) in an informal setting.
What if we stop fighting over strawberry or chocolate milk and make the cocktail of the gods: chocolate-strawberry milk?
Reconcile the metric and imperial systems by just combining the units
The 57 officers from the Buffalo PD's Emergency Response Team should be awarded medals for bravery.
ZYNN FREE CASHHH!!!
Ultra lightweight VESA mount
A Reddit "tip out" find for other redditors who have lost their jobs due to recent events.
Joe Biden should steal the "Make America Great Again" slogan. It could unify everyone all immediately... or at least make people throw all that silly merch away.
Every election, the leader of your country is elected by the citizens of another country picked at random
RGB facemasks
Instead of dividing people to left or right, blue or red, have the 2 top political parties work together with equal power, make a purple party :)
All I know is if they start banning trick daddy I'm grabbing my super soaker
Cheaper cargo mule robot.
Insulin costs too much in the US? Create a new company to undercut their prices.
The States should break apart and make Europe 2.0
Hotfixes in the law to make them make sense and to prevent people from exploiting them
Tables should only every be designed with 3 legs.
Catch and domesticate raccoons. Breed them and grow an army of them. Train raccoon army to follow your orders. Make few performances in circus to gain a lot of money. Use mone to by some planes and parachutes. Airdrop your racoon army on White House. Overtrow the government. MAKE PARKING FREE.
Sue the government for identity theft when it takes out loans in your name and demands you pay back your part of the national debt
higher minimum wage for people who never use the bathroom cuz they work more of the time
Shopping Ninjas. If you know you're an impulsive shopper, hire someone to slink around out of your view &amp;, if you pick up something useless or not on the list, they pop up out of nowhere &amp; slap it out of your hands &amp; disappear.
Marvel should film a scene where Nick Fury dies and put that in a movie in case Samuel L. Jackson actually dies
Blockchain for information.
check out this digital collectibles site
Toy story but all the toys are sex toys.
We Refuse To Use Technology That Leads To Climate Change
Globle mind reflection/expansion tradtion.
Build an artificial, real-life version island of Los Santos and San Andreas
When an area is forecast to have extremely dry conditions and high winds, don't even wait for a fire to start. Instead, have planes preemptively fly over and dump water until conditions improve. Make it rain!
Dickbutt scrub tops.
UFC should have tag team matches.
Ban "democrat" and "republican" on voting ballots and leave only "yes" or "no" stances on issues
Make sound waves travel forever, if you stayed in the right place you could hear an ancient conversation wrapping around the earth
If double-blind clinical trials are good, higher levels of blindness will be even better. Go to increasingly elaborate and ridiculous lengths to achieve higher levels of "blindness."Create a rated G Pornhub commercial and have it air during the Super Bowl
Cooling the oceans with a refrigerator condenser
What if we let prisoners be farmers...they could feed themselves and the needy and learn a skill.
Approsoft Windac: An OS where the Close, Minimize, and Fullscreen buttons snap to whatever top corner your mouse is over.
A remake of "House" starring Kevin Bacon with all the same stories as the original series except every episode he gets the diagnosis wrong and the patient dies.
Your saved reddit posts should have a randomize feature so that you can see stuff saved from a while ago.
real life confused. considering that the earth is round, why are the people who live in lower parts of the earth like antarctica, australia, and south america who are technically upside down (being held down by gravity) able to see the sky from above them if they are upside down?????
Who’s the Cat? A podcast where one of the hosts is secretly a cat. Goal of each episode is to correctly guess who is the cat.
Posts can move between subs in real-time if voted that it belongs in a different sub
The Undertaker for POTUS 2024 (Not at all a joke, let me explain)
Legalize public drinking to save the economy
A worldwide computer virus that does exactly one thing: disable spell checking on phones and computers for one day.
America votes Mike Bloomberg in solely to impeach him immediately to find out who is involved in child trafficking
How about instead of paying to enter zoos , we instead ask
Sandwich Shop: Name sandwich after the person with the most Reddit Karma, IG/Twitter/FB followers
Automatically filter reposts out of the frontpage if you've already seen them before
Lets Crowdfund the start up of a NEW APP for rideshare similar to Uber or Lyft ....But ONLY for 2 door Sports car Drivers to pair up with a passenger who is 1 and wants a nice 2 door car.
Dreams should be recordable.
Real meat that tastes like plants
If Boris Johnson gets better, the Darwin Awards should make an exception and allow him as a living recipient.
Build a smaller version of the Sydney Harbour Bridge and call it the Sydney Harbour Abridged
A secret society that exists for no other reason than to deny its own existences, to troll conspiracy theorists.
A private section of your feed (or maybe a private section of your profile) to show recently viewed and recently upvoted posts/comments.
Pledge allegiance to humanity instead of a flag
Own a software company? Fire all your employees and outsource all your work to interviewees, calling it "skills tests".
A dating site where you match your odd socks with other people’s odd socks.
Make the Polar Bear the mascot of the Democratic Party.
Most daring thing to do right now would be to just touch every milk bottle on the shelfs in the store ( people in panic might beat you thinking you are spreading the virus.
They're taking their dog over there.
Everyone currently healthy in US with health insurance cancel it forcing all the insurance companies to go bankrupt
Title
Replace all prisons with sex stores
Just like sound "mute" , but for visuals.
A game of the floor is lava, but the floor is covered in LEGOs to make getting out extra painful.
Let's start saying bestooth instead of best two out of three, and firstt instead of first to two
Take out a loan and then use that loan to buy a bank!
Drunk history with the leading historians watching Hamilton while in character
Drive for free using gravity by creating a gradually sloping road across the country
I need a youtube channel where a psychologist/psychiatrist evaluates and diagnoses different TV characters like Peter Griffin, Archer, etc. by their personal stories and the way the act and present themselves.
An X-rated film called The *Sound* of Music. Yeah you see where this is going
TVs should have a button in the back that if you press when you lose the remote, it will cause it to make a loud sound so you can find it.
spray fart spray into the room of prisoners who spit, or put pee/boogers on other inmates, 24/7 but make it stronger everyday.
(NSFW) Give hepatitis A/E to a random stranger.
A NSFW sub where people start by posting normal fully clothed pictures, being friendly in comments, building hype. Then after weeks, months of teasing, they finally reveal their nsfw content
If you're worried about spoilers and don't remember where you left off, the end of every season has an optional quiz to remind yourself of what happened in the season
Test the limits of what counts as prostitution by paying for someone to hold a 100 foot pole with a rubber hand on the end to rub you sexually, or however indirect it needs to be
A type of eraser where it completely erases a whole page without smudges or evidence of what used to be there.
Vote for our cause
An app that hides the clock on your phone after a certain time
A car that has full LED-screen exterior with speakers (excluding tires and windows)
How to help build Trump's Wall. This plan will work for 1st World countries, cities, towns and rm's. Can be used for National, State and local advertising campaigns.
Spider-Man themed shower curtains that say "With Great Power Comes Great Shower!"
A machine that sends long waves through food to cool it. The Macrowave.
Download WinRAR and actually pay for it when the trial runs out...
(USA) If the feds legalize weed they should write a bill that says all warehouses grow lights all need to use sustainably sourced energy. The "green" green new deal
Deepfake Mark Ruffalo's face onto Edward Norton's Bruce Banner in the Hulk movie.
competing job candidates should have to debate each other on who is more qualified for the position.
Every public office, from POTUS to local law enforcement, should be required to go through a guided ayahuasca ceremony with a trained shaman.
Give all political candidates X number of tax dollars for campaigning and ban fundraising or spending the candidate's own money on the campaign.Dr Fauci should start giving press conferences using only terms and concepts that a highly specialized doctor like him would be able to understand. Then when people ask what it means, he should respond with "Let me put it in simple terms so that someone like Trump can understand".
A website where Coronavirus hoax believers sign a "Do not treat if I get Coronavirus form"
Raise jet fuel prices really really high so only people who HAVE to travel will, and slow Coronavirus roll.
Maybe you guys would appreciate my idea more
Create Meat from animal stem cells so we no longer kill animals.
Create a Reddit community with a “banned” topics list, but make it so that it’s confidential info known only to the admins. Here’s what would be on the list:
Dell XPS 9300 Laptop
Everyone who rides a scooter, skateboard, one wheels hoverboard etc. Should have to wear an ankle tether.
A video game, that requires the user to edit the code in the files to win (Teaches players how to mod games)
Dimmable setting on TVs- currently prefer to not fry my eyes at night by using my laptop to steam shows
A Where’s Waldo book for adults only called Where’s Ghislaine Maxwell with her hiding behind elites and children
I made Omegle on Discord
Remove the naming restrictions in r/me_irl, but tell NO ONE
A meat bagel that you could put cylindrical fruits in the middle of
3D slither.io
Meditation should be implemented into police training
Microwaves should have a night mode to where they don't beep
I dare you to play the game like this guy
Brie Larson is actually the daughter of a powerful alien ruler and Earth's leaders agreed to let her live out her fantasy as a Hollywood actress in exchange for keeping the planet safe from space threats.
Show actual age next to reddit username so that I know I'm not have an argument with a pg13 person.
Let’s make shit sails out of graphene and retrofit shipping containers so the go faster.
Invent the Laser Video Tube (LVT)
There should be a “Pop-up Video” of the daily Presidential Coronavirus Briefing with fact checking bubbles.
Apps that serve no purpose, they’re just for show.
Have a built-in physical camera cover in a smartphone which can toggled just like a mute switch
They should release the sonic movie with the old models to prove making him ugly then making him look like sonic should wasn’t a trick to get more people to respect the studio
A VR P*rn with a full haptic feedback suite where you choose to be any character from the video
Fine waste reward recycle
Hey everyone, please check out my scifi thriller short film if you have the time, thank you so much!
There should be an "E-lympics" to incorporate Esports
Isolate the Florida man gene for a new breed of super-soldier.
Provide an alternate pathway for US immigration. Show up at a US embassy. If you can recite the entire US constitution, without error, from memory, you're handed a green card.
A nostalgic new idle game
Instead of giving a company publicity when you want to talk about a terrible/annoying ad they put out, refer to the company as "&lt;rival company&gt;'s competitor."
Documents (bills, correspondence) should embed small, standardized QR codes in a corner to indicate to future scanners of that document whether the document is in color or B&amp;W, whether it is two-sided, and what its resolution is.
what if police officers in the US had to pass rigorous racial bias testing before getting their badge
Police should be held to military rules of engagement.
I will take over the world with a political party made entirely of people with severe physical handicap.
Looking for blogging and PR for our idea
Instead of giving everyone another $1200 stimulus check, give everyone a $1200 super mask.
America should offer immigrants all expenses paid flights to Russia instead
Harness the wind for nefarious means.
Biden should just start acting like the president now and advising the country through the pandemic.
Give brake lights an intensity gauge to tell how hard the brakes are being pushed for improved inter communication between vehicles.
The Progressive “name your price tool” but for apartments, where you can use a slider to choose how much crap you’re willing to put up with and the price changes accordingly
A time travel game that force quits whenever you create a paradox.
Olympic Swimming retrofits all future trial pools and official events to take place in state of the art wave pools, with crazy currents, and big unpredictable waves that get the audience wet like at Sea World.
A bot that detect a repost and instead of posting it as a new post it "repost" the original thread with all the comnents on the front page of that sub
A business that prints 2 books for every book of the same content they burn
An among us movie
What should I do with my school key?
new e-slang: "ins" = "I'm not sure"
Take all your teeth out and replace them with surgically implanted organic or mechanical crab legs that could peel an orange in just a few seconds flat. Food would be so easy to eat!
Convert the Grand Canyon into a dump.
They should put indents for teaspoon and tablespoon on spice lids.
For one day reddit should swap the upvote and downvote buttons. Then they should see if people pay more attention to downvoting or upvoting with data collection from the single day.
Recruit hill folk to enforce mask laws.
Tiny rear view mirrors on spectacles / sunglasses so we can see behind us all the time.
Eek the Cat and Courage the Cowardly Dog should do a crossover movie
Spitting on Hand in KARANAVAIRUS times
YouTube parody on uptown funk
People start posting non-crazy ideas to /r/lightbulb
Engrave on the wedding ring before proposing marriage, and say so in prenup and wedding vows: The first time you withhold sex as a negotiation tactic, the marriage is instantly dissolved, see contract for details.
Olympic sports, but WITH performance enhancing drugs
spend 1 billion dollars on research to develop a fireman condom to compete for the longest time holding your dick under a blowtorch, and make that money back plus profit from crazy videos involving sticking dicks in fires in strange situations
Have Google Reviews for people to rate them publicly
You should have to make a sacrifice to become the leader of a country
Get an album cover mailed to you when you purchase a full digital album
Transparent toaster
Fast and the Furious Mario Kart movie
Out casting prisoners/criminals instead of putting them in jail.
When Skype or Messenger ask you to rate the call, do it by how much you liked the actual conversation
An app that lets you take all your MP4 files and catalogue them into a "TV schedule." No more trying to decide what to watch, just open the app and whatever shows you set to watch at whatever time you turn it on, will continue playing. No going back, no skipping forward, just sit back and chill
Corona virus website
Children's nightlights that project horrific netherbeasts onto the ceiling instead of Disney characters
Have Disney buy the rights to the Jurassic Park franchise and build a real life Jurassic Park theme park on a tropical island.
Take eldery and immuno-compromised prisoners from overcrowded jails and put them in closed school gyms; gyms aren't being used by kids, can be sanitized before they return.
A button somewhere on your body that gives a health report
Once things calm down, sue the US government for their mishandling of the Coronavirus pandemic using the Federal Tort Claims Act.
A restaurant where it's always Opposite Day
The ability to categorize saved Reddit posts.
To convince people of climate change, collect all the news stories where scientists say “this happened so much faster than we ever thought it would”
end gender norms
Anatomically &amp; Medically correct "Birth of Christ" nativity scene.
With Covid-19, all our chances of being buried in an anonymous mass grave just got a little more real. We should be able to write our Eulogies and have them post on Reddit if we kick the bucket.
A gritty, PG13 horror film with all of the tropes of a kid's movies.
Model for College Football during Corona Virus
Passenger Balloon glider
Upvoting the things you disagree with most to highlight peoples own reflection to them. It's counterproductive short term but long term they learn to hate what they've become.
Easter Egg Hunt drinking game
A Sonic game where he actually runs at the speed of sound in gameplay.
If "loud pipes save lives", then bicycles should be designed to generate the same amount of noise as motorcycles
People should reappropriate #stopthesteal to represent higher minimum wage for workers and stopping the 1% from stealing from them.
A bathroom night light so your eyes don't die when you gotta pee in the middle of the night
Rename "refrigerator" to "frigerator", given that lots of things inside it were never originally "frigerated"
Have the president (?) of Germany make a German word for that feeling when you sleep on your arm weird so it’s numb so you freak out when you wake up.
American TV needs to do away with the #$%@ing censor.
Biden should say 'Make America Function Again'
Airlines should offer an option for a parachute
If the Boondocks come back, make Riley and Huey be in middle/high school and adopted by their uncle (played by Dave Chapelle) after Grandpa died (R.I.P. Reese Whiterspoon).
I infect myself with coronavirus, on purpose. Once recovered and armed with immunity to the virus, I spend millions of taxpayer dollars in our nation's strip clubs and whore houses in a selfless effort to keep them economically afloat. Yes. I'm willing to serve my country!
In order to purchase a gun, you must provide two people that will verify and vouch for you. If you commit any crimes with a gun they agree to a share of the liability.
Minimum Wage should be calculated from Cost Of Living, not some arbitrary number
Comment cards for one night stands.
Replace 1/3 of congress and senate with AIs, each one trying to get as many upvotes as possible through SubredditSimulator, where all their decisions, votes and speeches are being posted live.
An Airplane that runs on Natural Gas Garbage
In the 2025 US election, the American Government should change the term of a president to be 5 years. This way, the elections would line up neatly in multiples of five.
An HD monitor mounted vertically on a wall and dressed to look like a window. Now anybody can look out their “window” and see any view in the world they want. Hook it up to a cam and watch the grandkids play in the yard from 1,000 miles away.😀
Be the architect of your own home with special software.
If the plot of Fallout: New Vegas were to have a Netflix adaptation, it should be called "Courier 6"
when you search for videos, dont bring up pages about videos or which may contain videos - just link directly to the video that we are looking for
A device to siphon all the gamer farts out of the seat of my computer chair (for scientific purposes, mind you).A new social media site called "Datbish"
Ditch street lights and give everyone night vision goggles
A game called "Silent Marco Polo" where neither "Marco" nor "Polo" can make noise.
A Japanese Rickroll, where instead of sending the link to "Never Gonna Give You Up", you send them Plastic Love by Mariya Takeuchi.
Adopt an acronym for “Too Dumb; Don’t Understand”
Mothcow: adult animation show with the main character being a half-moth, half-cow from Russia
Tv Show: Surgeons and tattoo artists swap professions for a series of challenges based on precision and a steady hand.
Lenovo Vs Asus i3 Processor Laptop
All police officers whose body-cams are mysteriously deleted/occluded/broken/lost will mysteriously lose their paycheck for that pay cycle
Every police station should have a graveyard near its front door, where anyone the police killed for any reason (justified or not) can get a free burial and grave stone there if their family wants. If cops are killing unusually many people, it will get noticed as the graves accumulate over time.
Discount at the pharmacy for recycling RX pill bottles?
We should put those climbing rocks you see in the gym on Mt. Everest
Treat human stupidity like a cancer and devote scientific research to find ways to mitigate its effects, reduce instances, determine its cause and eventually eliminate it and free us from its burden.
In the first menu that pops up on the Amazon fire stick, it would be nice to have direct links/shortcuts to my top 3 current Netflix shows
Make a brain stimulating device for Colorblind people to see the real world colors
People who recover from COVID-19 get special verifiable badge and become in high demand for jobs
Start calling your cable company all the time asking about their new Star Link service.
A toilet that has a data panel which tells you statistics of the piss and or shit you took.
Apple update with facial recognition while wearing face mask 😷
How crazy if a small group Congressmen switched political parties to independent or created a third party?
Rename "Fahrenheit" to "American"
Pump oxygen into space so our nation's beloved NASA spacemen can do their 'space walking' without wearing one of those cowardly helmets to breathe, meanwhile it will allow the rest of us on humble Earth to hear the Sun's heavenly roar.
When WW3 starts the number of people drafted from each state should be proportional to electoral college votes
Considering that the USA has 330 M people and Canada only has 38 M, the US can easily provide all Canadians with Free Money.
The Danger Of False Hope!
catch phrases and personal unique quotes / slogans
People should bring F keycaps to funerals instead of flowers
Instead of charging for a college, the colleges should just garnish a small percentage of the graduate's wages for like 20 years so long as the graduate is working in the field they graduated in.
Don’t waste out of date food by serving it to your grandparents who would not notice
Film people enjoying delicious food, then play it reversed on a TV show.
Apocalypse-style cooking show
Quarantine Florida
We should use BC to refer to the time "Before Corona" instead of "Before Common Era". its Tims for an update
Windscreen wipers should work like a metronome, so that you can set their speed at your music tempo.
Votes should be weighted by how many years of life expectancy you have remaining, since you'll need to live with the consequences for that long
A game called. Jump to conclusions.
AI that uses all the knowledge available to make a vaccine for diseases
Nobody is allowed to own real guns, but airsoft gun ownership are mandatory, and weekly airsoft battles are held every week for a winning prize. Participation is mandatory.
An onscreen graphic that indicates if Donald Trump is reading the script or ad-libbing
Like baseball players who set records while on steroids, presidents who were elected after losing the popular vote permanently have an asterisk next to their title. President* Trump. President* Bush, etc.
A reality show where the winner gets everything he wants- the show is very similar to willi wonka and the chocolate factory where when someone gets eliminated the ompa loompas sing a song a roll them off the set and they die. The host is like gene wilders wonka.the contestants are assholes.
The ten year anniversary of the movie *Get Him to the Greek* is June 25th this year. Russell Brand should do a concert at The Greek Theater under his "band" Infant Sorrow.
A pornographic web site showing people having sex while not being related to each other in any way.
A scavenger hunt done in the same style as the national treasure movies.
People should start coughing near anyone that complains about masks.
Somebody makes a realistic movie about the middle Agnes where everyone is inbred and stupid
When a plumber dies, use his bones to make plungers so that his life won't be in vain.
They should make a russian dating site and call it Czechmate
Give Amazon a search option to skip all of the cheap Chinese rebranded disposable crap that clutters the entire page
A prank pill, that makes someone unable to control their bladder for a few hours.
Prisoners who have committed the most heinous of crimes should be told that they've been exonerated on new evidence, then sent back to prison after one hour of freedom.
Steaks cooked blue/rare should cost less because they require less time and effort
Like Thanos had The Snap, rename the Coronavirus as The Cough
The US Government should combat COVID-19 by overtaking the food supply chain network
Convert a r/nosleep story into a r/twosentencehorror post by joining all the sentences to create a long one with hundreds of clauses.
420640
A freeway for bicycles
a sport where many people stand on a shrinking floor, such as it slides into a wall, leaving a huge hole and a net to land on below, so people all try to stand on the ever smaller area of floor left until only 1 person has not fallen into the net
Show your dominance over animals by running a daycare for babies where they sleep in alligator mouths that are held open by robots, allowing the gators to take lots of breaks as they switch places
Paleotranshumanism
$1 Trillion prize for successful policy to tax global wealth
Now that the show "Cops" has been cancelled, fill up its program timeslot with "Crops," 25 straight minutes of nothing but fields and orchards being harvested.
Create a geocentric streaming porn site in Alabama called OnlyFams.
Trump should carry a whine the pooh toy when meeting xi jingping
Dock all businesses that show news on their TV one star on all Google reviews.
Adblock update that analysed all the links on your current page and identifies those that are going to take you to a 'looks like you have adblock' site and flags them (maybe display the link in red) so you can avoid clicking them in the first place.
Gas masks that are shaped like plague doctor masks to make protests spookier
Require a response to be able to down vote a comment.
Text Autocomplete Profiling...
Calculating the total amount of money a company makes across all top and bottom employees to see what the median pay could be.
Instead of using the name of your pet as a password, name your pet after whatever password you use.
If/when you are infected with COVID-19, go to your local GOP office to recover.
A huge machine that recognizes differing materials in landfills, which separates them and recycles or destroys them, whichever is the best balance between environmental benefits and profit.
We should have one day a year where the internet is turned off
Spend Billions of Dollars of Your Own Money to Run for President to Draw Democratic Votes Away From Legitimate Candidates.
Make stimulus checks opt-in and donatable
Instead of burning the American flag people should be flying it upside down
An attachable pencil eraser on the front of the eraser
A Batman film based on the Ventriloquist, but is a psychological horror film comparable to Annabell.
Rename the country to the Divided States of America
A function of social media sites that parse metadata for keywords and phrases like "Created in Photoshop" and automatically disclose they were modified.
Cold Topic: a clothing store that sells brightly coloured clothing and accessories and t shirts and posters of upbeat, happy bands
With how fucked up 2020 is, let's start sacrificing virgins into volcanoes again like ancient civilizations used to. We always give up on ideas too quickly or do them only once. It might work this time?
when someone calls you, your phone automatically asks them something only a person would know, and if they answer right, your phone rings. Spammer calls. Phone asks them how many legs 1 dog and 1 chair have together. Spammer says Im from the department of credit or something. Your phone doesnt ring
Ru Pauls Drag race..... but with all cop accused of bias
(Once there's enough stock for all the hospitals) send every person a 3 week supply of gloves and masks and don't let *anyone* out in public without one on.
New Home Alone movie where Kevin sets a booby trap torture house for his terrible family members to go through
Somehow make your ability to enter any and all National Parks based on how much you do to reduce your carbon footprint. Deny entree to any person who has had gross negative impact on their environment or convicted of any crimes like littering, dumping, or harm against nature.
Instead of going to the same movie on a date you pick one and your date picks one and then you meet up to tell each other about the plots.
Allow bidet users to walk around with their butt exposed
An "unread" category in reddit that filters out posts you have already seen
In divorce court, hide the genders of both parents from the jury.
OMG check this out Subscribe and like
How the universe began. Or rather why it doesnt.
A “Feel the Bern” hot wings 4 Sanders fundraiser
When police start pepper spraying protesters they should fire back with silly string
A musical about Barron Trump conspiring to take out the rest of his family
Putting a car on fire just for fun #crazyideasbaby
Virtual Inauguration Day over Zoom + Streaming for 2021
An app that works as a map of a grocery store.
Catch pigeons and glue wires to them.
I would pay money for a speaker that plays the same inspirational Youtube video for me every morning as an alarm clock
A company who's business model is giving people a convoluted list of instructions to reach a fair amount of money at the end, but the instructions generate more money for the company than they give away
Laces retracting football to hurt your hands less
Supercharged nitrous sucking big block V8 powered Segway
Biblically accurate angel Christmas tree toppers.
a page like Bulbapedia, SmashWiki but about fetishes like pedophilia, podophilia, duololagnia (masochism)
We should just speed things up and print bills.
A nanobot "omni-vaccine" that resides in your lymph nodes
A restaurant called “Karen’s Tasty Bistro” where the wait staff is really bitchy and complain-y and they constantly call the manager over to complain about the customers
Public libraries should have eSports lounges
Let's call it World War C
A drink made by the directions in the description.
Electrons are about 1/3700 the weight of atoms. If 2 electrically insulated lakes have a wire between them, then if you pump static electricity from one to the other, you have changed their weights and water must flow from one to the otherHoles in masks that are air tight with room to put a cigarette
Depression is the natural and correct responce to the world we see around us and people that aren't depressed aren't sentient
Gay parking spot.
If we all turn on our heaters at the same time, we could wipe out the Covid-19.
Game of thrones open world rpg?
Legalize Recreational Marijuana
Put up "COVID-19 QUARANTINE" signs outside your home and cancel your security system.
A fun kind of windmill which powers and thinks for a simple robot on a skateboard, which on nearly any existing skatepark, would use small changes in wind to skateboard forever, with no power source other than wind.
can snake venom cure some chronic diseases
Quarantine r/coronavirus
Netflix and other content streaming services should have a 'Things we would normally NOT recommend you based on your preferences' category, to help people discover new things.
The Journeyman: A TV show where Barack Obama interviews and tests various applicants for a role in the Obama Foundation.
Producers of a TV show should have all 8 seasons planned out, then immediately film footage for a "flashback" episode, so everyone actually is younger when it shown during the last season
A modern bastardization of chess.
A reddit feature that automatically upvotes a post if you comment on it
Make the score go back to 0 after scoring over 99 points in basketball
Suspenders made for drinkin'
What if the government opened free, publicly available colleges to provide competition to private ones and thereby drive down prices?
Not sure where else to post this, so here it goes. There should be a movie made about Yasiel Puig's journey from Cuba to the MLB.
Upvoting and Downvoting Should Come Out of the Karma You've Earned.
State and Federal governments should postpone this year’s tax deadline
A Nintendo produced shonen featuring anime girls speedrunning Mario 64 and other Nintendo titles
Comment the craziest idea you've seen in this subreddit
Tell children that the events in a David Cronenberg movie are real!
ONE CRAZY FUCKING IDEA!
Give grest apes the secret of fire control and release them back into the wild
3D printed swords
Dimmable TVs - currently prefer not to fry my eyes by using my laptop to stream shows
Give every American $2,000 every January 1st, like passing GO in Monopoly to stimulate the New Year.
A hole in your steering wheel connected to your exhaust pipe, so vapists can "Roll Fog"
Messaging apps like WhatsApp should have a calendar and functionality to arrange meeting requests/appointments built into them.
For people who love picking scabs, but hate the blood, scale a fish onto your skin. You can then pick off the scales, and it will feel like picking a scab.
Salmon bits in rice crispy treats sold in individually sealed bars.
A bot that replies "U Gay" to every political debate or statement on Reddit
An animated show that's uploaded to Youtube that's just like Family Guy except it makes nonsequitar references to youtubers instead of celebrities.
Let’s preemptively stop skynet
Easter eggs should be solid chocolate
Make a giant rotating drum house that, when inside, detects walk side-to-side and rotates the house accordingly. Make sure to nail down your furniture... and don’t have guests
What's the number one skill you would love to master through playing a game?
Convince Republicans that Hunter Biden is secretly behind reopening states in an attempt to kill off Trump's voter base.
The Beachstie Boys
Alright here me out, an incredibly DEEP dish pizza. still listening? PUT A LASAGNA IN IT
Tinder should restrict the amount of active matches to max 3 people or even less to put pressure on users to actually try to get to know each other before unmatching or moving on to the next person.
Shit your pants. Right now do it. What's stopping you? Think about it.
Just one I want to see a piano playing competition...
Make the centimetre the length of an inch and trick the Americans into using metric
Plants the grow to full maturity instantly, as soon as the seed goes into the ground.
The Forrest Forest
Trump’s brain dead pile of mental-trash mob gunned down on the streets like the degenerates they are by the secret service.
Stores like Wal-Mart should prevent customers from returning their stockpiles of toilet paper.
Guys should secretly agree that our testicles have more sensitive tastebuds than the tongue.
A realistic motion detected dummy in the boot of your car that gives muffled screams for help if your car is stolen
Make cheese illegal
An assisted suicide service where all you do is uncover Epstein's pedo ring.
Call random phone numbers and ask whoever answers to marry you. Keep doing this until someone says yes.
if Reality turns was a video game, and we are all in an mmo, is this a crazy world plague boss?
Stream Games on Pornhub live
A teleporter that teleports all the clothes from the chair into the closet and folds it
Fed should honor the payroll of employees layed off during Covid-19 shutdowns, and then use them as staff in essential workforce.
Anytime there's a lottery and no winner comes forward within regulated term all the money should go to charity by law as compensation for not taxing the winnings during regular payout.
A Frisky Dingo re-boot
Legal Definition of "News"
A kid's show called "The Little Sea Stars", about little sea star sisters.
a 200% money back guarantee on a free product, not including feesPeople who dont have covid can go out on even numbered hours, and people with covid on odd numbered hours
Instead of July 1, 2020, lets declare that day January 1, 2021. After all, the Northern hemisphere has had summers in July for hundreds of years. It’s the Southern Hemispheres turn. #Fuck2020
Heckler fest
Buy three Cessna airplanes and fly over the Bermuda Triangle until one of them runs out of fuel and crashes. Fly back and tell everyone the news.
Every presidential debate should have "equal time for the truth."
We sense, the 5 senses, a world we then can only imagine. Is what is real what we sense or what imagine? How do we perceive anything truly?
I want somebody to go into my profile, scan my post and comment history. Then process it and comment their thoughts on it. Should I continue with Reddit? It's been just over a week now.
Trump should turn off Twitter, so the hate speech against him doesn't exist to him anymore.
Replace all nursing home medications with Adderall
Scott Bakula should do a "Quantum Leap" mini-series, where the "Sam Beckett" character "leaps" into various characters of the series he has done over the years.
White Claw (Lime) &amp; Pop Rocks (Cherry) Enema
A national highlight 24Hr news channel that specifically bleeps out ALL political terms such as: Republican, Democrat, Party, "the left" "the right" ect.
Watch the video tape from The Ring, then 7 days later hang out at an IMAX theater.
A jazz band called 'Saxual harassment'
Chuck E. Cheese should release an anime dating sim to get money to save themselves from bankruptcy.
10 rules for a Pandemic and 1 Bonus Rule
Open up a sperm bank, but make it only so celebrities can donate sperm, and then hold auctions to see who gets to have a child that's half you, and half Chris HemsworthAvoy - The Travel Inspiration App!
The saying goes "No white after Labor Day"... but it's always after Labor Day; So the saying should be "No white ON Labor Day". Both because Labor Day is the only day that isn't after Labor Day,and as an act of solidarity toward blue collar workers, who get their hands dirty so others don't have to.
After this pandemic, the government should spread the virus covid 91 that can only be prevented by overwhelming it via social gatherings.
Those who are over political slogans should role with “No Lives Matter”
ban banning
Mobile app: self reporting survey for covid symptoms. Users are notified if somebody reporting symptoms is nearby
Amazon should buy the Amazon to stop it from being burned down. Come on Jeff, you've got the cash!
Someone should make a late night radio that plays Synthwave music
A regular non-porn related company should drop a bunch of money on Pornhub video ads
We can make healthcare free without taxes by simply printing money. 10,000,000,000,000 dollars a day sounds about right. Just watch the inflation and make sure it doesn’t get too high.
A gym membership that, as an incentive to work out more, charges you more every day you DON’T show up
Sliced bread 2
One dollar a year from taxes for a national lottery
Let your money make more money for free
There should be single coulor mnms for strait people
Make commercial airlines and all flights government owned and operated. Funded completely by taxpayer money and tickets are cheap. All citizens have a right to fly even if they don’t have the financial means. And no need to bailout billionaire owners PRIVATE companies in times like these.
A set of wireless headphones that can detect whenever you put them off, and then automatically pause videos and games.
VR Airplanes
Onlyfans but for feet pics only
To save money, a random half of the people's vote isn't counted but the same people get elected cuz of statistics, and those people are told not to waste their time.
A gym where the background music is all anime openings/endings
A restaurant with 20 big screen TVs that show nothing but nonstop dog and cat videos.
A movie where someone tells Hitler to not give up on art, gets finally accepted into art school and becomes the European Bob Ross giving painting lessons on TV.
You cannot physically become poop unless eaten. What if someone were to change you into poop?
Omegle but random group chats
Put nicotine in vegetables so children can't stop eating them.
Since slavery tipped the scales and basically EMPOWERED the white people .....lets create a Lottery OR Crowdfund that is segregated....example.... blacks play the blacks lottery, whites keep the lottery now, and Latinos have their own ect.... The idea is that EACH ethnicity works together!!!
24 rolls in 1 toilet paper.
Start a company that lures neighborhood kids into stealing stuff that is wide open and film it and then post on Nextdoor to teach them a lesson
Games let you play your own music soundtrack
Fill old bomber planes with giant water balloons to fight forest forest
A go pro for per collars you can turn on to know where they are and went if they get lost.
the goverent should be penalized for each thing it regulates, a penalty exceeding the profit of regulating it so its a loss to the government and things only get regulated if theres a strong reason to take that loss
Everyone involved in stopping the fires in Australia and Amazon forest actually works for free, because helping the planet is more important than money.
Letter from Concerned Citizen
bonger crack... crazey!
Put Put Golf but its Hockey
Since TV networks become the opposite of themselves, start the Horrible Crap Network.
Legalise consensual violence
Make squarish dollar sign as crypto-nazi symbol because it contains hidden swastika
Make tucking your pants into your socks fashionable! It is comfy and much warmer
Create an app called Tender that is exactly like Tinder but switch left and right swiping functions
The Redditors get together and make their own stock trading app called Prince John. It becomes a decentralized app built around a non-profit charity for the expressed purpose saving stocks that's are being manipulated by Hedge Funds to fail. The app is actually built around its own crypto currency.
Reddit should get rid of sort by controversial posts.
A PIN screen lock mech for smartphones, where numbers are replaced by dots, so that people try to put in patterns, but in vain
Corona should make a special edition Coronavirus beer to take advantage of the trend
A "cat mode" switch that allows you to temporarily disable your keyboard.
Everyone in the world should use bowing as a greeting to others.
Bring back brothels!
Get that old wheelchair out of the garage, ride around the driveway, and see how many neighbors show up with casseroles out of pity.
An AI that detects voice pitch and if you’re a kid playing an m rated game; you get banned
A beauty contest where only a person's skeleton is judged
Bring Back old school CRT/Tube T.Vs
Edible rice plates. Eat the plate along with your meal, eliminating waste.
A Smash Bros-style Pokémon game with type matchups, accurate stat distribution, and the ability to battle with any of the 890 Pokémon of your choice
A bed that tilts at a 23 degree angle at the designated time. It will stop tilting at a different designated time.
Get a code when you vote that you enter to your TV to stop getting political ads
What if in america you can opt out of income tax
Virtual reality shelters that house all the homeless
Grub Hub in this universe is a convenient food delivery service. A Grub Hub in the Gears of War universe could be very inconvenient.
Try to make the worst movie possible and as part of the ad campaign say you'll give a percentage of the profits to planed parenthood so that less people will have the chance to suffer through it.
Shut down Reddit in America during voting periods so Redditors actually vote.
Earn extra income through online live streaming
Convince all 3rd Parties in the USA to unite under a Neutral Anti-Party, similar to Italy’s 5 Star Movement, in order to really undermine the deep state and establishment politicians.
Amazon should have a buy local section, where sellers from your area are featured
Meanwhile in the Earth division of G.O.D. Laboratories inc.… that Bipedal strain is becoming to numerous to sustain.…Make an appropriate percent allergic to peanuts.…Didn’t work, they saved those ones…ok send down the Covid…They flattened the curve.…Ok then, get me asteroid division on the horn
Blank canvas type songs are released, so that any artist can make it their own.
An app that transcribes phone operator menus so you can just read through the options.
A Star Trek episode where the crew travel to distant past only to discover that magic, fairytales, and ogres are real. Star Shrek
NPO takes Deffered Tuition and ISA (Income Sharing Agreement) business model that coding bootcamps use, and applies it individually customized job skill programs for low income individuals, taking a percentage of their first year's salary.
A movie starring Jackie Chan where he discovers and tries to stop his nemesis, his long lost evil twin brother Whacky Chan.
A storage facility where you can be placed in a coma until stressful times have passed.
Top Gun 2, but a Boston Terrier plays every role.
Make phones have the capability of becoming a bomb when user is in danger, exploding three seconds after hearing the words, “Hey Siri, it’s time”.
Donald Trump should come out and endorse Joe Biden for President, then the Democrats and the Mainstream Media will go against Biden because we all know they can't support anything Trump is for.
Freelance handholding
Have your skull removed and replaced by an enormous glass bowl. 3D print brain matter and fill the bowl. Your original brain would begin using the vast amounts of new brain matter.
If someone initially found guilty of a felony is jailed for &gt;1 year before it turns out he was innocent, the true perpetrator must spend the same amount of time trying to build a time machine so the innocent person can get that time back.
every country declare war on every country but dont attack anyone, just keep the permission for war available in case its needed later
A ceiling fan for the floor
Standardised heights for sauce bottles so I can fit them in my fridge more efficiently.
48 months in a "year"
Make it legal to run red lights if you are going over 125 MPH because the faster you are going the less likely a crash will occur.
Bring back Drive-In movie theaters as the norm to prevent the death of cinema in the wake of COVID-19.
By providing free online education, a universal income via cryptocurrency, and full sentient franchissent through liquid democracy, a global government is possible in a bloodless revolution in under 10 years.
Put a "blow and go" standard in all vehicles and nearly eliminate drunk driving.
Create a dating reality TV show. Set up a man with a gorgeous trans-woman, and see if the man can overcome his biases. The twist is that she's a cis-woman.
It’s Genius
World Holiday Day!- a holiday for everyone in the entire world with no specific meaning attached to it.
That August 27 2020 trend is a publicity stunt for Avatar 2
A sub on here pinned to the front page listing the top 25 subs currently and what type of content typically gets posted in here (as well as rules). Update it monthly. Watch the people smile.
an option subs can set so upvotes from the front page won't count.
A company that offers discounts up to 100% on any product, depending on how the stock market goes
I've woke up with the "best idea" to get to know if a girl likes you.
Shelters should offer kids birthday parties where you can play with the animals.
A knockoff restaurant called Chick-Fil-B
Legally change your first name to "Junior," and name your first child Junior Jr.
Sneak Into a Bidet Factory. Replace the Bidet Internal Parts with Parts from Pressure Washers.
Start an Environmental Destruction Agency; our mission? Melt all the ice as fast as possible.
If US liberal and liberal leaners REALLY want to get under Trump's skin, they should express sorrow and sympathy for him.
3d print tooth crowns out of junk yard cars engine blocks. Any cheap circular grinding blade can do it for at least the convex shapes outside, though the drilling of the concave parts would be harder. Why are these 3d printed pieces of replacement tooth attached by dentists, so expensive to 3d print
What if the therapy model was flipped to where trained workers are sent to hang out with you in various situations, collect psychological data to be processed by psychologist, and you are sent a custom packet of exercises and other actionable steps
Mind blowing: instant messaging app for the blind
The Indy 5000
If we collectively fought against war, violence, religions that have caused considerable pain, suffering and death, oil etc and instead heavily encouraged investment in scientific facilities, education and healthcare, we would know peace, and maybe we just might not kill ourselves.
Spotify should hire disc jockeys for a series of "radios".
Missing an NFL field goal costs you a point, just like in some fantasy leagues.
A subreddit wherein couples who've found themselves disagreeing with one another can each layouts their side of the situation and anonymous internet denizens can then decide who is right and who is wrong.
When you come across a crazy racist Karen in public, record them but pretend to be on their side and interviewing the Karen about whatever their current tantrum is about. Get them to admit racist stuff along with their name and place of work, and then send the video to their boss.
Suggestion:1 out of every 100 Amazon purchases should result in a firework animation displayed on screen, with the message "This one is on the house." -and then Amazon refunds the money from the transaction back to the guest. *Gold Coins jingling**
Name your kid "Everyone"
If we got age restriction turned off, we should replace youtube ads with personalized pornhub ads because it gets you excited for the next video
Solar panels on electric cars
A service that fakes your death &amp; changes your appearance &amp; identity, so you can see what life would be like if you died.
Don King Donuts
A movie like Quiet Place
They should do a Purge on the Internet where the changes you make on Inspect Element stay that way for 24 hours.
Some sort of hot dog filled with either nitrogen or steam.
Voting days should be national holidays so you don't get penalized by your employer for voting
Mixed martial arts fighting except it’s with a dozen people at the same time battle royal style
Bring a couple fog machines to the theatre the next time you go. Set them up in the closest bathroom to your theatre. Wait for someone else to yell fire so they get in trouble. Ignore the fire alarm. Now you have the movie theatre all to yourself, feel free to change seats throughout the movie
Vote for Trump
Just add one random digit to the longest current value of Pi. Enjoy being knee-deep in potential sexual partners until someone can prove it wrong.
Being able to record what you're typing so it could be played on text-to-speech
A movie theater that starts movies at the time they say they will
FARTEZE - a Revolutionary New Underwear
When you die, what if this is happening?
Implant Neuralinks in a team of babies. Observe how they grow up differently.
"Highway To The Danger Zone" and "Push It To The Limit", but remixed to be one song, because I always mistake one for the other.
Christmas 2
Rename it Bayeroin, so we always remember who invented it. Yes , Bayer invented heroin. To ween people off of morphine
Have users take a picture or scan the back of their license for age restricted websites.
A subreddit in which the entire point is to simulate something like Sid Meier's Civilization, ending when one person rules the world.
A subreddit dedicated to taking better care of yourself.
Like the Philadelphia Phillies, every MLB team needs to change their name to part of the location and -ies. New York Yorkies, San Francisco Frannies, Denver Denny's, St Louis Louies, etc...
A reality show where a group of filmmakers has to spend at least $200k on a movie to win at least one Oscar for it. If they manage to do it, they win a prize, if they fail to win an Oscar, they have to pay the entire budget back.
Use techniques from the casino/gaming industry in education to get kids addicted to learning.
If the sea levels are rising just dig out the ocean to make it deeper dumb the stuff dug out on land to make the land taller
Am I going to Jail? A website for Honest Criminals
Reverse sex. Insert the clitoris into the penis.
Abolish America's two-party system
Play a phone ringtone through the intercom at a supermarket to get as many people as possible to check their phones.
There should be a “Trumpgret” style subreddit with posts of people criticising the Covid-19 lockdown and then getting Covid-19 and realising it’s not a hoax
A survivor class where you are told stories about people who survived insane events and how they did it.
Free coffee for everyone!
A book series where each title and description strongly implies a spoiler that is not present in the story.
DNA is a trained ML model?
Dildo with pockets for your keys and wads of cash, 1 key per pocket, which doesn't get it dirty, so if you're robbed they won't find it, and it's fun at airports
Pick a random spot in your yard and dig a hole as deep as you can. Sit in the hole and fast until you receive an epiphany. When/if this happens, fill in the hole.
A bluetooth Lego head with a 360 camera, so you can see your Lego build in VR at scale.
Start using Deepfakes to redub movies in the desired language so that the mouth movements always match the language.
Everyone simply ignore anti-maskers. Just completely act as if they don’t exist. No service in any stores/restaurants, etc... Just make them not exist.
An artificial park with fire resistant grass and trees where you are allowed to smoke and bbq
Pornhub.com —&gt; Pornhub.cum
A modular wiki for a game that allows for addons to it and overwrites depending on what content you have installed
That brain implant from Black Mirror where they can change what you see given to all police officers. And hack them so they see other police officers as black teenagers in hoodies.
A dating app where if you swipe left on someone, it gives you the opportunity to tell them why so that they can possibly improve their profile and see what's making them seem unappealing.
Allow people to upvote or downvote as much as they want by repeatedly pressing the buttons for each
Redditdonate.org - donate instead of sending awards
allow the government to tell you who you can have sex with cuz HIV, gonorrhea, syphilis, and covid can all be transmitted during sex, and other ways
In the event of a more severe shut down, grocery, pharmacy, and delivery personnel should be deemed essential and issued protective gear to keep food and supplies flowing to homes while dramatically minimizing opportunities for the virus to spread.
People with nipple piercings can put pins through the piercing.
With a enormous Pro-Gun rally being held in Richmond in 1 day, to help thwart Nazis from marching with torches everyone should go to their local vendors and buy a tiki torch. Clean house
An Uber for WiFi networks. Pay to sign into stranger’s WiFi nearby
Hired recovered COVID-19 people into the high-risk essential jobs.
Make a game where star quarterbacks compete in the throwing of things like marshmallows and inflated balloons.
Give animal and child abusers immediate and painful death penalty.
Let's go TP some houses! We can have fun and be good Samaritans at the same time.
Convince Mark Strong to record a whole album of John Denver's greatest hits.
Reddit should require you to open article (to read) before you can comment on it
Get a bunch of people to spam askreddit or some other similar subreddit with the question “what is the most reposted post on reddit?” so that the most reposted post on reddit is, “what is the most reposted post on reddit?”
All laws start with "In normal times or emergency," so government doesnt get huge new powers whenever it chooses to fear monger
Once a year everyone is allowed to commit financial crime. The person who steals the most in 24hrs gets to keep it all but they also have to have the word thief branded on their forehead
Make artificial realities where you can learn at a quicker rate, have fun,fky across madeyp and customized galaxies, and eat any food you like.
What if the Big Bang created our universe and an anti-universe and this resolves the Matter-Antimatter Symmetry problem?
Rocket League but Quidditch
Have every police officer know and recite verbatim the constitution and all amendments, and being able to cite the article and section, and or retested every two years
Have volume adjustment settings for streamed shows like games have.
"Master of Alderaan": a game based on Master of Orion, but set in the Star Wars universe.
A phone number you can call that just plays hold music so you can do nothing at work for hours at a time and people think you're stuck on hold.
Door to door gun salesman? (Guaranteed to make a killing).
change public bathrooms, so that instead of being men's and women's, it should be pants and dresses
Celebrities should help kids with their homework during this crazy time.
In the movies, each individual theater room would have a bathroom, and the movie would be playing in the stalls, so no one can miss any part of the movie.
Laptop alert light
everyone should have to work in a fast-food restaurant at some point in their lives so they understand what its like and we get less karens
Sacha Baron Cohen should play Q I'm the next Star Trek series.
What if every time a company/industry gets a subsidy. Every citizen that paid their taxes gets an equivalent ratio of the share of that company/industry?
Snowmobile Snowboard
Now that the NRA is under fire, and more African-Americans are purchasing guns than ever before, this would be a really good time to scare old white people into illegalizing guns!
Samuel Jackson's "Motherf*cker Foundation", aiming to teach and transform young men and fathers into outstanding male role models.
A cooking show where pretentious chefs taste and judge the dish first, then watch a video of the contestants making it.
Create a Civilian Observers Corps to observe, record, and broadcast police interactions with the public, especially during riots.
All cities create a covid death memorial
We stop using the numeric codes companies give their tech things. Instead we use the name of the product, the year it came out and a cost band. E.g. Snapdragon 855 becomes "Snapdragon 2019-mid", Intel Celeron N4000 becomes "Intel 2017-cheap". The iPhone 2019-expensive is just easier to reason about.
Once you hit retirement age for your country you can no longer run for office.
Create a directory of popular quotes from TV Series similar to Bible
Instead of money, pay people by revealing your secrets they can blackmail you with.
Trump Quote Fart Disguiser
More Joker origin movies, played by different actors, to solidify the mythos that is the chaos of Joker.
Another game feature idea
What if we pooled the money from traffic fines at the federal level? That way, local police don't perform "taxation by citation", and instead they'll only issue citations to protect their people against reckless drivers.
Combine car-for-hire and weed delivery into one Düber! Do you need a ride or a trip? Do you REALLY want to have dinner with the family not stoned??
Assimilate the entire population of Australia into other first world countries so we can start sending convicts there again.
The99percentlivesmatter
Scratching your crotch should be called scrotching
An app that charges you $500 to send an assassin back in time to kill you at birth.
A car paint that turns white/silver on hot days and black on cold days.
Edible Hats
Ensure a good first meetup by reverse catfishing all your dates. Only use unattractive pictures of yourself on dating sites, so when you do go out they’ll be pleasantly surprised right off the bat.
Random thing to do in 48 hours challenge
Deport Trump to Iran and avoid WW3
Ban ATM/Interac fees during a time of crisis when people increasingly are not able to use cash. After that, continue to ban those fees.
Among Us, but professional lawyers play it
One season NFL and MLB should switch number of games per season.
Lime-Pepper Wings?
To help with their funding, NASA should go to different planets, collect rocks/dust from them and sell them for a profit.
Allow social media users to filter all of the people they follow into big buckets based on how socially, fiscally and politically moderate or extreme they are.
beside the birthday and holiday cards... hate and threat cards... a card that says... if you know whats good for your family youll keep your mouth shut and do what i say
Put spinach in a hamburger
Charge every person that voted for Donald Trump in 2016 with Manslaughter for the Coronavirus deaths
Dynamic pdf, epub or even a new file format which interacts with the user as they scroll just like modern websites (e.g. Apple.com).
Skittles but like, really large
Call the cops on the cops.
Takis fun dip
Let's all upload our consciousness to the cloud
If kids are made to sell candy door to door for fundraisers, they should be allowed to sell weed-infused goodies. They wouldn't be able to keep up with demand and everybody wins.
Hotels should offer "takeout room service" - you press button on room telephone.. person who answers gives you suggestions on restaurants, establishes what your order is, then they place that order on postmates/ubereats/etc, then when the order arrives they drop it off at your door, with a knock.
A microwave but instead of heating your food it cools it
A subreddit of follow up information for other posts which don't provide context
Make a voice activated alarm that to disarm you have to say Expeliamrus
A gender reveal party but to reveal the gender one of the parents drinks water mixed with red or blue food coloring until they are about to throw up, and then vomits up the gender infront of everyone
Cast Gilbert Gottfried as the next Batman.
Censor any journalism that speaks negatively about the president of the US
They should have a live map of all the corona virus outbreaks and deaths
A debt lottery
send a thank you card to a murderer in jail, signed by as many people as you can find - Thank you for killing someone else instead of us.
Hard shelled burritos
Print out highly disturbing pictures on sheets of paper small enough to fit in a wallet. Get a decoy wallet and fill it with those pictures. Put it in your pocket and walk around in an area notorious for pickpockets.
Reopen stores but install large fans facing downwards that directs airborne pathogens to the floor.
A sub where you get banned for saying the letter "E"
Bro let's run the government with artificial intelligence
Force Americans to pronounce "Z" as "Zed" so it doesn't sound like a slurred "C"
Put large QR Code’s all over USA police officers’ uniforms, helmets, and cars, so that video footage can easily identify specific cops when they do bad things. Especially gas masks and riot gear.
Spread a rumor that Obama caused climate change, there’ll be an executive order from Trump within days
Netflix Party, But With Audio Chat instead of Text Chat!
Use sewers like floating conveyor belts to transport trash to processing facilities
Add nicotine to toothpaste to make people addicted to brushing their teeth
Like halloween is for scary things, a holiday for disgusting things
Those spicy tomatoes scientists are engineering? Turn up that tomato capsaicin gene up to the highest, to create tactical pepper spray tomatoes to throw in self defense.
Police should release hordes of friendly golden retrievers into rowdy crowds to calm them down.
Make a Remember the Titans type movie but with Trump Supporters and Non-Supporters
Eat oysters with your partner until you're so turned on that you have sex. Both of you hold the last oyster in your mouths throughout the entire sex act until you both climax.
Secretly kill every babys (premature) born in January and then start a religion where it says people must be born in January.
I found this really cool philosophy discord. They talk about philosophy and have lots of crazy ideas. Thought you guys my be interested!
A porno that starts off with the girl wearing an extra Virgin olive oil suit and ends with just an olive oil suit on.
Create a Pokemon game where the protagonist defeats the Team Rocket/Galactic/Aqua/Magma then desecrates and cannibalizes their leaders' body to teach children to fuck up people who abuse animals.
A movie about a gay teenager that blackmails a local priest, threatens to accuse him of pedophilia if he doesn't have sex with him, and rapes the priest
A web site full of crooked pics taken by accident, called Instagranny
We need to come up with an amusing secondary meaning of homonym, to really mess with people learning English.
All the parts of livestock we don't use. Send them as free food to starving people.
Every Series should have a sequel slice of life book/movie/episode
Why don't we all become police and then arrest all the police?
Rather than cancelling/postponing all professional sporting events just have all the athletes play their games at the prescribed time BUT do it online. Each athlete has to play as themselves. Live stream it to the same channel the actual game would've been on .
If we upvote every ad reddit will become better because companies will see how it is here and spend money making reddit more money and servers better
That's an app i would pay for
Billionaire Vs. Bear
Presidential debates should add iClickers, so candidates have to actively and clearly choose an answer to a question.
In the age of facial recognition technology, if you're a wanted criminal, just go around putting up posters of your face. Do it enough times and finding you will be alot harder.
another barrel idea: just design your base into donkey kong and yeet flaming explosive barrels. they'll never see it coming
Sing One by Metallica to the beat of All Star by Smash Mouth.
A game called FPS hospital
Time travel
Drive-through restaurants should print plate numbers on food bags so that if they’re thrown out of windows the drivers can be found.
A ‘connect to AirPods’ button on your quick access screen (where flashlight and calculator etc. are)
*Global* universal healthcare. One world health service, funded by every tax payer and corporation on the planet, so that everyone on the planet has access to free healthcare.Yeah Putin
Ive just realized something that scared the f* out of me
If everyone could legally travel the world without a passport or visa and get paid to party, that would be a dream come true!
Why don't we get rid things like TV stations and replace it with a wireless power network?
Please make this happen
A book called "I Hope They Serve Root Beer in Hell," about how to have as much fun and as many crazy adventures as your binge-drinking friends, even if you're a teetotaler.
A singular application where you can play any old retro game, for free.
NBA should Quarantine every player (who tests negative) on an island with a court, refs, tv crews, &amp; stockpile of food. Then hold the playoffs. When a team gets eliminated, boot them off the island into the infected world.
Carbonated ice.
After landing, undoing your seatbelt before the seatbelt sign goes off activates an ejector seat mechanism
Subreddit that holds a daily contest to see who can come up with the best costume, from within their own closet, to go with that days character or theme. For people trapped at home...
A fusion of Classical, Rap, Alternative, &amp; Powermetal.
Libs and Cons
When comparing 2 similar foods, buy the one with the least rat poop. See laws about the max amount of rat poop allowed in food which is very small but still they should print the amount of poop on the box beside it's weight and other ingredients list.
Pacific Rimjob (written, produced, and directed by Guillermo del Toro)
Duolingo, but with permissions to look through photos on phone for blackmail
All concerts will consist of the performers playing "Monster Mash" over and over.
Introducing the ICNM, the Intercontinental NERF Missile. A giant NERF dart that countries can launch at each other as a joke.
Shark Tank for kids!!
Classing Up Craigslist and Couch Surfing
Turning Sahara desert self-sustainable agriculture land.
Instead of lobbying, a service that nags politicians
Play the sounds of a can opener over an outdoor loudspeaker. Attract all of the neighborhood cats.
Give your nieghbor an empty barrel. When they ask you why, stay quiet, make full eye contact and unravel duct tape while licking your lips.
Car dealership line-up like at whorehouse
Salt cubes
Cross breed a chicken with a elephant get a chicaphant end world hunger
Joe Biden should appoint Hillary Clinton as Attorney General. After the inauguration, she should investigate Donald Trump and “LOCK HIM UP “!🙋🏻‍♀️
App idea - Helping Hands - The app that allows users to donate the same monthly amount to a common charity fund. Users vote to decide which single charity gets the funds go each month. The app will provide benefit analysis for prospective causes as well as a forum for debate.
Amusement parks should have a feature where if you’re not wearing a mask on a ride, you don’t get a seatbelt/harness seeing as safety isn’t that much of a priority for you
Due to corona virus some girl lost a job now she got only fan base but what about boys who lost job
The next Joker should be acted by Jimmy Fallon hahahahahahaha
My best idea yet
Remake a terrible film so the remake is better than the original for once.
Give money an expiration date.
Let’s just take the safety barriers off all the bridges
Store energy in rotational momentum of spinning bubbles of water which contain a slightly lower pressure volume of air inside than outside, and construct enough of these from a near ocean or other source (better if fresh water to not salt the land) to put out the huge california fires.
Instead of debating Joe Biden on Healthcare, Bernie Sanders should have Americans who have been royally fucked by healthcare companies come share their stories. By way of payment, his campaign should then cover those family’s bills
Pay-to-use public restrooms for opossums.
Ban all small guns, this would make all firearms clearly visable to everyone and if its strongly enforced, could reduce shootings and violence while maintaining the fun of owning such weopons
An app for phones to see which parts of the screen you touch the most
Jesus was the first time traveler, went to far back, got stuck, got in a misunderstanding, then crucified and now everyone in the future is to scared to try it again.
CRISPr human hair genes into spiders. Have their web glands make hair soaked in spider web sticky glue. It would be awesome as a product.
Create an uneasy vibe for a horror movie by having 10 different directors each direct different scenes in the movie
Let's go to Mars
A Khan academy speed run.
If your employer is forcing you to go back to work in high risk conditions, get an extremely high paying life insurance policy.
The Dodge car company creates their own currency "Dodgecoin" which will compete with those purchasing Dogecoin for market share.
Call two unknown numbers on two different phones and let them talk with eachother.
Keep the hourly minimum wage the same, but legally recognize the billing hour as being only 30 minutes long.
Corona Virus herd immunity
Trey Parker &amp; Matt Stone write new Broadway Musical "1492" a dark comedy about Christopher Columbus discovering America.
Someone should make a television series/skit about conspiracy theories being absolutely true
A movie where this couple needs to have a baby in the after apocalypse and this baby is fated to rebuild the world and the whole movie is about this journey to survive while being pregnant and at the end, the baby just comes out fucked up and everyone is in disbelief
MMA Fighter’s will be banned if they are caught attempting to sneak a weapon into the octagon. If they successfully evade detection it’s fair game.
Send all obese people to the Moon. Since the Moon's gravity is 1/6th of Earth's gravity a 300 pound person on Earth would weigh 50 pounds on the Moon... obesity epidemic solved.
tvs in all toilet rooms, public and private
I am working on a very unique PC build. It will actually have a built in toster oven and a soda dispenser. Playing on a extreme PC and be able to cook a hot pocket in your pc while making a coke without need to leave your seat. It's a crazy idea but worth it.
A phone case that charges your phone through kinetic energy.
A book about The constitution for dummies should be taught at school mandatorily
Uber for Therapy Dogs
I’m about to see if my crazy idea was so crazy it might work.
Money is needed for budget.
Duelwield the BFG-9000 and the Unmaker for maximum gun
Tranquilizer Darts For Cops
Global quarantine to stop coronavirus in its tracks
Term limits for Senate
A political party/movement called "The Dragonslayers" dedicated to fighting income inequality and ensuring that billionaires and too big to fail corporations that hoard wealth (much like dragons) pay their fair share.
Make Vin Diesel a playable character in the next Mario Kart.
Cruises specifically for COVID survivors
Gender reverse movies
Daily vacant storefront tax for commercial property owners.
A hyper realistic open world game in a small town with people that interact with the world and live their own lives, have jobs and homes. You are free to interact or disrupt as you choose. All possible because the scale size would be small.
The real fight island
A rain man like movie where the autistic person is the selfish asshole and the "normal" person is played by Larry David.
A new Batman film, but instead it focuses on Bruce Wayne who is a weirdo who has to manage a multinational billion dollar company who at night time dresses up like a bat and beats up poor people. It’s framed like American Psycho.
A horror game where you play as a low level RPG monster hiding from the protagonist.
Goat milk that tastes like goats.
New holiday: Once year everyone stays home for a month
Kind of niche, but- The "weenie-bite" motorcycle game, but with a noose instead of a hotdog.
Free health care
A baby bottle that doubles as a flask for the parents
Make a small set of entertaining video games designed to adjust non gamers to playing video games and teach them things that are second nature to regular gamers in order to make the transition easier and less jarring.
The US should legalize weed to help boost the economy and get everyone to stay home and chill out.
Raid My Spanish Class
There should be a subreddit or a website with those scenes from movies or tv shows where on character whispers something in someone's ear, and the makers don't tell us what he she said. And people can guess what that possibly was.
Engagement buttplugs
Kirk Lazarus should be T’Challa in the next Black Panther.
At the end of every month, users 10 coins for every 10,000 karma they have.
A petting zoo full of dangerous animals.
The ethical pharma company, where the drug prices go down through time
Parents, buy the same amount of Halloween candy as usual. Then instead of passing it out to trick or treaters. Give it to your kids. Then everyone could have comparable amounts of candy without going door to door.
When each person is born they should be assigned a piece of landSenators and congresspeople have their salary changed to the median income of their state/district.
Wow Female anime drawing
Introduce a "Negative Vote" to count as -1 vote in an election, for people who don't like any candidate but hate one even more than the rest
What if the decision making process is created by the two hemispheres of our brains communicating with each other?
A pro sports league where people on the EAST coast have to watch at inconvenient times.
People that need glasses and own cars should a get a prescription windshield to be able to drive without glasses on.
I have walked this earth for as long as the waves have crashed against the shore, I’ve worn as many shoes as the ocean has waves.
challenge your barber to a duel
Leave the dead in areas where people don't wear masks, with a sign reading reminding them to wear a mask.
Hate preacher conversion therapy.
Olympics, except on the moon.
There should be sex CVs just like there are employment CVs
Expand the role of the CDC (Center for Disease Control) to more than just physical disease.. they could work on social diseases as well (for example)
Free GTA-like game where you have to pay to respawn everytime you die
Show that comes on after "Cash Cab" called "Van Flan" - Contestants have to bake a flan in the back of a van for money.
A website that matches teenagers with slightly older people that look like them, so that the underage one can borrow the older one's license or ID card, and the older one can borrow the teen's school ID and get student discounts.
A Tenet style pornmovie
"Can't Hide, Don't Drive" Alcohol
Let us block entire subs from showing in /all without needing Addons
How about a Good remake
Interactive Pimple Popping videos where you can click pimples and it skips to where that one is being popped
2 people about to have sex get their parts so cold that when they touch its like licking a metal street pole it gets stuck
"Lets bake a deal" would be an excellent title for a shark-tank style baking show where contestants would ask for investment funding to open a bakery.
An eye roll or puking emoji reaction for Facebook posts and downvote button for Twitter
Orgy for One should be the numer one of the year 2020
Paint inside house green, paint car green, wear green clothes, digitally edit yourself being anywhere, driving anything, wearing whatever you want.
Till Death Do We Fart
Text post.
Create a machine in time, you travel to the future and you get the covid-19 vaccine and you modify the vaccine a bit so that humans transform into anthropomorphic animals. You give them to all countries and 6 months later you activate the vacuum so that they transform into anthropomorphic animals.
Check out this sweet deal!!!
Children born to parents who are illegally in the USA at the time, go into American foster care.
Police body cams that automatically record and upload all footage to a public server for anyone to view. Officer wouldn’t have a way to disable a feature
the short hand on an analogue clock should always point directly at the hour
People who want extra space in public during the pandemic should wear hunter orange.
Review/opinion site where retailers review customers.
It should be mandatory that in all schools, air raid drills will be done and will teach the mechanics of shooting down a plane with an AA gun
Instead of having a most watched filter, Pornhub and YouTube should have a "most rewatched" filter.
Apple should eat into their own revenues and have a touch combo MacBook Pro Foldable
Anti-Christmas: when everybody happily removes Christmas trees from their homes and sings songs about that
Subreddits about shows/movies/books/etc should have a flaired spoiler text that allows users to specify at what point in there story they are so it only reveals spoilers up to that point.
Tldr's should be placed at the top of a post.
Have debates with no moderators, but-- when multiple are talking at once-- have only the mic of the one that's talked the least stay on.
Price tags that have 2 numbers and you pay the lower one, should say at least 1 person that paid the higher price so we know they're not making it up
If a company has a rewards system and they ask me to do a survey, I should get points for doing it
Circumcise the world’s remaining population great apes and use their foreskins to make lassoes for bees.
Enact a minimum age for college, like 20, so people have to work before trying to figure out what they wanna spend crazy amounts of money on learning.
Ding ding
QR code tattoo
What if I fill a hamster ball with water and let my fish in it?
Colonize a planet so that people could use it to film movies on it.
To make people think Reddit is broken, we should all start adding "Edit: Thanks for the gold, kind stranger!" to all our posts and comments.
You should rent a bunch of movies from RedBox a day before your area closes down because of Coronavirus. That way you can watch as much as you want, and it'll be illegal to return them.
A shot-for-shot remake of the Office with the original cast, but replace Steve Carell with Rowan Atkinson.
Unionize.
Go up to random grocery store and employees and say "thank you for your service"
Make murder legal once per person.
If your tax dollars can't go towards my healthcare, mine don't go towards your oil wars.
If every student using Blackboard opens it in 10’s or 100’s of tabs maybe it will crash and this “online semester” will be OVER
Tinder for friends
N95 respirators are still available, you just have to think outside of Amazon
Sign Petition: Let Kids Wear Hats At School
an anime/manga about the daily life of a redditor
Drag racicing but with trains
Asymmetrical professional sports fields.
A signing competition show between bad singers.
Starting in 2021, you’d have to pay $15 a month to tweet.
A show based around duels like Yu-Gi-Oh or Pokemon but the method of dueling is old-timey pistol duels
A hackathon on live TV where all of the contestants are absolutely computer illiterate. Every contestant is paired up with an actual hacker who has to give them instructions via phone, without seeing their screen.
A live action big budget film version of "The Legend of Zelda", directed by an A list director who's played every game, incredible actors, script, etc...but Zelda and Link's names are reversed just to annoy everybody.
Console makers should offer small medium and large sized controllers on the norm
Close all the jails and only do instant death sentences, but for most crimes you dont get a death sentence, just a roll of the dice for a chance at it, the worse the crime the higher the chance
We hold an experimental test to see the happiness and productivity levels by converting 1 state in the USA to be a SOCIALIST STATE.
Build a house that has doorways and ceilings slightly lower than the accepted standard, and watch the home owners slowly go insane.
Wipe with "flushable" baby wipes every time you poop, but only poop in public restrooms.
CINDERACE, INTELEON, YU (persona 4), AND BOTH CHARLOTTE AND JHONATHAN (catslevania, and together like the ice climbers) SHOULD BE IN SMASH
Deductible insurance, pay a small monthly fee to protect against high deductibles
Rubber bones. I came up with this idea last year when i broke both my wirsts, what if we genetically alter our dna to have rubber bones or something similar like wobbly bones so they dont break?
An Anti-itch ointment that, once it dries, causes an wider patch of itchiness.
How about we actually make supreme court rulings based on the original intent of the U. S. Constitution?
Create a lotion that contains the stuff in spicy food so when people touch their face it hurts a little
Restaurant reviews should be "double blind": the restaurant doesn't know which customer is the reviewer, and the reviewer doesn't know which restaurant he/she is in
Breast shaped water bottles and vape pens
every brand new reddit account should be placed under probation for a week
a moment suspended in time
PEER TO PEER FOR STUDENTS
Quarantine /r/coronavirus, we don't want it spreading to other subreddits.
A lottery with only the numbers 1-10
People who push for war should fight in said war.
What if they offered phone models without front cameras?
We should be able to donate our bodies to things other than science.
Turbine powered by nitroglycerin.
Swap good specimen semen doners with Carrot Top
Countries should ban Chinese flights/citizens in their territory until they enforce the wet markets prohibition
Get Boston Dynamics to install object recognition and laser turrets on Spot bots, and release them in New York.
Save the planet, stop washing your hands.
A gambling addiction hotline where you can get serious help for your problem but every 11th caller wins the money of everybody else that called.
I want to see a bid budget film of Jesus being a vampire.
whatever your tax money pays for, your name is painted on it. this pothole filled by Joe Schmoes taxes, in tiny letters on a 1x1 inch square on the road. This toilet seat at the IRS paid for by... your name here.
Watch the world burn
We should eat endangered species
A company that you can hire to put as an academic or character reference for a job or school and they will give you a glowing recommendation.
We should bring all the newly displaced koalas to the eucalyptus-infested regions of California!
Reddit has a database only you can look at of every comment you ever typed but deleted. So many last minute nah I'm not posting this.
Hand warmers for urinals
Keep a duffle bag full of lubed dildos in your car, so if you're ever unlawfully searched, the officer will have to rummage through a duffle bag full of greasy didlos.
animal names but one alphabet changed depending on gender, elephant/elepthent.
I want a yacht with a bunch of monster truck tires so you I sail the great Midwestern US fields.
Society Waking Up!
Start a home security company and have your employees break into people's homes to leave ads on the kitchen table
Darkoles - No More Skittles
Duck, Duck, Moose!
Let's all work to convince Patrick Stewart he actually is Jean-Luc Picard. Work to slowly convince him he's actually a Star Fleet captain stuck on a holodeck simulation of 21st century Earth.
Introducing MACAROONI
An app where you can speak with your cat during covid-19 isolation mode
A battle royale game where everyone needs to take the nicest looking photos within the game map. You can either be the photographer or if you are a ranked player you can join as a voter where a few pictures are randomly shown to you to upvote/downvote. (Voters won't see their gamertags)
Recut the Jason Bourne Films so that every time there is a hard jump cut it's replaced with a star wipe transition.
Have your car key be the same as your door key
Need help bringing a scammer dowm
The small pre-sealed condiment tubs at fast food places should have a small chance of being jello instead of the promised condiment
After the boomers die out, instead of social security, citizens aged 55 an older can choose to receive a free condo in a retirement city in Nevada. Residents would be expected to run a small business out of of their condo, such as an Airbnb, mini restaurant, mini casino, mini brothel.
Require all astronauts to be lifelong practicing Amish.
Cloth pet toys made from celery fibers
People born with outie belly buttons should be provided with supplementary lint
The Savior Reveal A Perfect Solution To Solve The Land Territory Conflict By Having A New Global Nation Calling Standard
THIS NEEDS TO BE NETFLIXED!!!
Instead of being measured in sheets and rolls toilet paper should be measured by how many shits you can take per pack.
Some children's toys are actually hidden cameras implanted by the companies.
Regularly release treats to humanity to teach basic healthy habits
There should be WebsiteName.anarchy websites, or WebsiteName.norules, where nomatter whats on the website it doesnt get censored. Those who dont want to read and watch in anarchy dont have to click there.
An app that lets you uploade footage live while recording to a database in case of police brutality etc.
Reddit filter topics?
Make all underaged people on Reddit use Comic Sans
If Trump steals the election, we should have a national strike since most of the jobs which make our economy strong are held by people against Trump.
Doing a secret Santa? Give them the gift guaranteed to surprise them, a kilogram of Cobalt-60.
Lower taxes by all citizens of usa ending their citizenship at once, conditional on all others doing it, which ends usa, then create usa2 which as all the same laws etc but usa2 doesnt owe anyone make ney that usa was unfairly taxing its citizens for loans to earlier generations. No inherited loans
Reddit should tax you karma based on your monthly karma income
Has anyone ever ridden their office chair to school/work?
Pocket for adult links with passcode protection and better video support.
Trick or Trick 2020 - Here We Go
As a PSA Weird Al should sing My Corona
Put trailer hitches on the back of every car so people will think twice before tailgating
A surgery for magicians, to install a pipe in the back of their mouth, like a second throat, that goes to their anus or foot, then on stage drink a whole swimming pool as it drains out their foot
Voting should be weighted based on how old you are. Younger people will have to live with what is voted for for much longer than older people.
A way to restart gifs from the beginning so you don’t have to scroll up then back to restart it (which never works anyway) before trying to show that funny cat video to your friend but don’t want to start showing him half way through because he’ll miss the context of why it’s so funny.
Collect all the spam mail from Comcast from all citizens and make a bonfire out of it
Apple and google should slowly add therapy module to their AI assistants (Siri and Google assistant). A comforting friend on everyone’s phone.
The President has to wear a clown outfit
Sword Art Offline
Military aid for dangerous cities
How can emotion recognition be used in the fight against the COVID-19? We need a startup idea.
Reading app that plays appropriate background music as we continue to read the book.
Something like Drag Race, but they dress up as ordinary, everyday women and there are 10 judges who don't know who the guy in drag is, and they have to do an identity parade. Lest correct guesses wins.
A time travel video game where you're in the present and you fight off time travelling versions of yourself who want to kill (and hump) you
An Onlyfans thats just a British person baking.
Require each new president to take a lie detector test
A substance, introduced into the water supply, that biologically prevents people from expressing an opinion on any topic they know nothing about.
Make all phones start recording video anytime 911 is called.
the dare
"Elevator is full" button that people press when it's full so it only stops at floors pressed by people inside the elevator.
People should come with warning labels.
We need somebody who are MxR Plays fans to post the source of the videos they react to. At least the censored ones.
Food warning labels should display a flatulence index.
Build a huge impenetrable dome and constantly hold it immediately above Yellowstone ready to drop on a moment's notice if it ever erupts.
Make a videogame of the purge series. It would be exactly like The Sims only once every in game year there would be a purge and you would have to defend your home.
Police records should be public property
Crocs but thigh high
Given how important text messages are these days, we should receive a reply like with email if our message didn't go through
Raid all of the closed schools for their toilet paper supply.
Ask Uber to develop an at home Coronavirus test service where trained drivers test you on your door step then carefully handle the results back to a lab.
The fusion of cryptocurrency and electromobility?
We should make a big sign in space sayin “ Macdonalds X light years away” hungry aliens might come
to to do do
The ultimate joke
Dick Flops- "It's shoes FOR YOUR DICK!"
Stamp the back of your cash with "FOR DEPOSIT ONLY" and your bank account #. When you spend it, it will come back to you!
Removable+disposable sinks, for people who were never really going to do those dishes anyway.
Artist Puts The World For For Sale On Crazy Internet Artwork Golddiamondworld.com
The states should hire all the people that are trying to claim unemployment to process all the unemployment claims that can't get processed.
Steal a rocket from SpaceX and become first to colonize Mars.
World population working together to solve a common goal one at a time.
Tomorrow is the first time I’m going to work from home. I haven’t delayed the alarm, so that when I wake up and start getting ready for work, the realisation that I won’t have to go to office would be priceless.
Make Trump stop turning things 2d
Workout machines that double as sex toys.
Open-Source Streaming platform
Research about choosing a psychologist : Male or Female
Send all flat-earthers to live on the back side of the earth.
An RPG with supremely supreme character generation options and scope that will take at least a day to finish, and like a minute of actual gameplay afterwards.
lockdowns should reduce the number of lockups and vice versa
An on demand TV series where each season teaches the curriculum to a 2nd/3rd year psychology/law/etc course
Show series
Right wing Canadians all become US citizens. All US left/centre become Canadians. Come on US! What do you say? Trade? Please? Signed a Centre Canadian who is sick of right wingnuts.
WhatsApp should show the seconds as well when u send a text
Money Money
Make the NSFW tab red for gore and pink for porn
I dont want a shorter work week. I want a longer weekend. Instead of a 4 day work week keep the 5 days on and do 3 days off. Its perfect. Just make a new weekday so there are 8 days a week
deepfake a whole rebellion
If everyone wasn't allowed to leave their house for 2 months the pandemic might end
Love is the solution to our societal problems: A definitive proposal to fix everything (see inside for elaboration)
Oscars should have ONLY black nominees one year.
Apple AirPods at the Next Presidential Debate?
April fools day would also be a good day to give small presents to people you think are idiots.
A type of alcohol that gets you fucking schmacked without damaging your liver
Weird Al plays the Superbowl Halftime show.
Remake sons of anarchy but with mopeds instead of motorcycles.
A filters feature for subbreddits to search via flair
A book in Chinese about a world where China took over the world and everybody has to speak Mandarin or be sent away to fight for survival. Like the hunger games, on a global scale. Working title: "The Hunger State"
Rearrange the entire weekday system so that February 22, 2222 is a Tuesday
There should be a law that nobody worth more than $5 million can be President of the USA.
Taxi company’s which only has Tesla’s in their fleet should name themselves Taxla!
Iraq War Re-enactments
Popsicle Stick flavored Popsicles
Convert abandoned mansions into communes
A button to opt out of all the end of year in review fluff pieces online. Especially for 2020.
Instead of cancelling what used to not be offensive but now is, and highlighting what offends, air In Living Color nonstop until everyone sees that different races and preferences once came together to turn it into humor instead of hatred
Help with starting a slightly different nonprofit
No Time To Die to be released in April and not November
Everybody goes to Jumpin’ Around with paintball guns and vodka
If you believe internet is a basic human right in this day, a socialist democracy should provide free internet cloud storage, password managers, fully user encrypted with no access to privacy/data including the government at minimal cost or free, to its citizens, like healthcare
Ear stretching plugs, but they are also metric sockets from a socket set.
If the Vatican can be independent from Italy, Disney World should become independent from the US.
Apple and Google should sue Epic for having a monopoly on V-Bucks.
Kanye should buy the Heelys patent and make a Yeezy X Heely shoe. Call them Yeelys
Let State inmates in Texas and other non-air-conditioned prisons pool together and save up funds for an "air conditioning fund" so that once they have enough money, they can install air-conditioning for themselves.
An election system where the people with higher IQ would be able to vote more than once
Why don't we stop reporting breaking news every hour of the day, at this point it's just news
To get people back to work, beef up blood banks, and find plasma donors, offer free antibody testing for anyone who donates blood.
Jerry Trainor as the Human Torch
Reincarnation afterlife confusion
Remove all youtube videos that promote violence against the "Like" and "Subscribe" buttons.
An art installation of a permanent construction site in a city constantly going under construction
We should make a subreddit called r/imaginarywoooosh and have there posts about people that woooosh other people for a wrong reason
Karaoke, but instead of vocals you play the guitar.
COVID 21 - The Movie.
Start a pillow company and call it "We are not Trump's pillow guy pillows."
Film a gerbil fo eight days straight and win an Oscar.
A superhero movie about Captain Save a Hoe.
Tapas should work with shojo and shonen magazines like Shonen Jump to adapt their premium webcomics into manga.
Ban capital letters in r/wallstreetbets
The cool side of the pillow should have a name.
Instead of locking criminals away in prison, sentence them to having to put up with someone following them around playing a trombone everywhere they go for the rest of their life.
Before marriage
Every car with a reverse camera should have a sentry mode/dashcam feature.
Require Restaurants, Groceries, etc. to Use "Masks"
Smuggle Kim Yo-jong hentai into North Korea to deface the regime.
Every time Hollywood makes a movie, they make it twice with two different casts. Everything else is the same, but now there’s an intense competition between actors
Energy Drink with melatonin in it.
Porch pirates should start dressing like actual pirates.
How about a "the frick just happened" button on livestreams that go back 15seconds and then get those seconds back by just playing the stream at 1.25x speed for 1 minute
Police are no longer issued handguns, but every cruiser is issued a shotgun with non-lethal ammunition.
Reddit should give Ranks in each subreddit based on the # you joined at.
Billy Bob Thornton should do a "hits of the 10's" cover album as his character from "Sling Blade"
Skittles should make a line of Skittles during pride month corresponding to the different flag colors (trans, ace, enby etc)
An app that lets users submit the last voice mail they ever received from a deceased loved one.
If states had their own cryptocurrencies they would be less dependent on the federal government
Turn the Backstreet Boys onto the Backstreet Guys.
Fill the middle east with cowboys and call it Haudi Arabia
Let’s have illegal immigrants hunt down and kill child sex offenders for a chance at citizenship. Call it the Alien vs Predator act.
Use motion capture equipment to have a computer judge sports like figure skating instead of people.
Pass a Constitutional amendment requiring that all mall Santas in the US must be Puerto Rican
Everybody have warm comfortable clothes for winter, but all I want is a COOLING JACKET for hot summer days.
They should give master chief a social media account and make him a real life influencer for halo: Infinite
Would u help me funding statues of shrek?
A toothbrush that cleans all of your teeth at once
To counter conservative religious exemption laws, start a religion that supports liberal views and use the laws against them
If electoral college ties, we should let the popular vote decide election.
If you win a huge lottery, hit someone to be the public “winner” while you quietly enjoy your money.
we need a wage "cap" but on a sliding scale..
US: Organize a bunch of outdoor concerts with prominent bands/artists to turn rioting into dancing
Erect a new leisure structure; a sex wheel. A hamster-wheel shaped,monkey bar-esque, lattice structure that allows for perfectly spaced hand and footholds to allow a continuous circle of fucking.
Did you know we have free drinking water from our taps? It’s amazing isn’t it ?! So instead so buying bottled water what’s stopping you from getting a reusable bottle and taking advantage of this privilege?
Melt blocks of “cheese ingots” and use 3D printed molded plates to solidify them into various shapes and make Minecraft cheese armour in real life!
Convince Trump's financial advisors to invest heavily in cannabis stock, and enjoy the sudden legalization of marijuana.
rather than male and female bathrooms use urinal and cubical
Create a government, where there’s two parties. People are so loyal to each one that when the government fucks up and they blame each other people focus on the opposing party instead of the issue that the actual government is. The government keeps on shitting on the people and they hate each other.
Mix up some physiologically neutral concoction, and patent it as Victory. Then inject it. You can now legit say that victory is in your veins.
The videos from the body camaras of the police officers to be publicly available
"Mutiny on The Bounty" (but with a fidget spinner)
Do another 9/11 tomorrow. With all the COVID deaths, who would notice?
Hawaii should build a wall.
They should have "dummy" cars at these events. Charge admission, donate the money.
TIP#1
Ok, hear me out. How about an emergency poop light in cars
New category in the personal hygeine aisle: Asswash.
An elevator shrink. Basically a person who stays on an elevator and will listen to all of your problems and give advice while you move to a different floor.Replace all confederate monuments with Benedict Arnold statues.
Redesign pilots uniforms to make them look cool and badass
We should start using “Anti-Masker” as a pejorative on par with “Anti-Vaxxer”
Order the police to stop all their action for the next 24 hours in one US city.
Bernie Sanders released the coronavirus to teach america about the importance of universal healthcare decouple from the market.
Autocorrect should have an option that includes swear words.
start calling washing a kind of recycling, like I recycled my dishes, or my gas guzzling rusty POS car is made of 100% recycled materials which was recycled in the car wash
A service for domestic abuse victims where people can ring in and have their abusers kidnapped, tortured and never seen again.
Stream a world cup like it was really being played
John Cena would be the best actor for Invisible Man
A spotify feature that allows you to tip the band/artist.
The Redskins should change their name to the Warriors and fully embrace Native American culture.
Lamborghini should build land moving equipment for wealthy people who want to have their own adult sandboxes.
A Blue Lives Matter team up between law enforcement and the Crips.
If it's Brown let it crown, if it's Yellow let it mellow, if it's White it's just right, if it's Red leave it in the head, if it's Green leave the scene. Never flush, fertilize the bathroom.
Put creamer and sugar in the coffee pot and then brew the coffee
Garlic Bread-scented shampoo and body wash, made by Olive Garden.
Dennis Rodman should marry Kim Yo Jong and become dictator of North Korea
Liquid ASS should sell a new stink product called Liquid Social Distancing
Start a campaign to elect a cute dog for POTUS. All the idiots will vote for the dog and not ruin the election.
The Startup Party, a new political platform with the goal of building America v2.020.
A Fanny Pack that acts as an External Liver
BitConnect guy aka Carlos Matos hosts a WHO funded special Nobel Prize 24 TV marathon event to find a vaccine for the Coronavirus.
A revamp of the game show "Cash Cab" - but the drive is deliberately done late at night in a bad area. If the player misses 3 questions and is kicked out of the cab, the show becomes "Survivor" where if they manage to get where they were going alive they still win money.
Make everything left-wings want legal for a year and right-wings can't complain. If everything goes well, we keep it and if not right-wings can tell us "we told u so"
What if the large asteroid that hit earth was an aliens way of stoning us
A reboot of To Catch A Predator starring Gordon Ramsey.
When food rots, put more salt on it so you can't perceive the bad taste
Just elect The Bern in November
We could put as much energy into trending nasty/clever hashtags about Trump as we are into protests. If anti-Trump sentiment surges, he’s bound to see it, as he’s on Twitter all the time. Basically bait and shame him.
Counter-protestors only need to arm themselves with mirrors. Someone acting a fool? Show them how stupid they look, there’s no avoiding the shame of self-reflection.
Make video games like Watch Dogs have realistic effects, where if your character has glasses while wearing that cloth mask, then your screen fogs the fuck up when your character breaths.
CA governor should call up any past prison firefighters who have finished their sentences and offer full pardons if they take jobs as fire fighters for the current fire.
A toothbrush that uses money to get you to do simple good things for yourself
Turns some large planes into "mobile quarantine" facilities.
Tax ejaculations
Cheap Textbooks
An @anybody ping on discord that each user can toggle on or off and it works like the @everybody ping but just with people who have it turned on
A Stock Market practice Subreddit in which you only get 3 upvotes to invest in. Then you see your Stock go up or down for the week/month/year
Change the LGBTQ+ into the GTA (Gay/Trans Agency) with gay being re-classified to a non-gender form.
Hear me out, instead of dogs, police bears
Rename donuts to fleshlight cakes.
No corrupt politicans.
a higher monthly price for video services to have no loading time. they can do it. they just chose not to.
rename the emergency fire exit to the smoking door
What if it was normal to refer to people's age as a percentage of basic life expectancy? So an 8 year old kid would be 10% old. A 40yr old dad is 50% old, etc
Mary Parker borjakalinin99
Fantasy politics
A news organization that presents multiple interpretations of the same story
We should have 13 months
Politicians vote on measurable goals instead of policies, and scientists run randomized trials to find the best policy fit.
Have the US military give out official "Homeless Veteran" signs to people leaving service. That way we really know if they're a vet or not when we give them change.
As many Americans as possible should buy Weird Al Yakovic’s “Dare to be Stupid” until it becomes the best selling song of the year, and subsequently the theme song for 2020.
Delete reddit, get an actual life.
Lava lamps made with actual molten lava
What if we pushed the Earth further from the sun?
wear a very realistic cow costume into a real slaughterhouse
A game show like “Chopped” in which video editors are given footage, requirements, constraints, etc. and must compete to make the best edited video
One night a year where we reduce light pollution as much as possible to get a good view of the night sky
Ban = r/conspiracytheories.
Give anyone publicly denying the pandemic or the need for safety measures a one-way ticket to Turkmenistan, where they recently banned the word "Coronavirus"
Nandos should start doing pizza
De-awards! Pay coins to *take* karma and coins from people you really don't like and take awards away from them
A cold november
An economic system where people pay for products with a % of their total assets.
A remake of 'Fight Club" with Matthew McConaughey as Tyler and Jake Gyllenhaal as the Narrator
The US should let the free market come up with a solution to the Corona Virus compared with socialised medicine in other countries and let's see who has the most deaths.
Presidential Debate
Make elections only 1 week long where there is 24/7 live coverage of each candidate so people can find out what they're really like.
Ask African Americans if they like certain rap artists and when they say yes blare thier deragatory lyrics back at them and say this is what your representing.
A new UN committee comprised of nations as ideologically opposite each other as possible. If they all agree on anything, that's the law for the whole world.
Lemons with blue skins so people know the kind of fruit they are dealing with
Way to know how long the queue is there at a store
The next generations of mobile phones will all have IR thermometers built in
Make the outside of football helmets soft and giving.
Convince Trump that Biden's "victory" is only for show and he'll still be the real president; he just has to move to the "super secret command bunker" in the basement of some random DC office building, from where he'll "take total control" of the new administration by tweeting from his phone.
Can we take this Pandemic as an opportunity to globally practice bowing as the universal greeting?
On a Sunday start traveling West until you get in to the latest time zone. At midnight exactly cross from the western hemisphere in to the eastern hemisphere so that it's now 12am on Tuesday. If you do this every week you never have to deal with Mondays again.
Elsa from Frozen should be a Smash DLC fighter
Open some of our unused secret tunnels under America to house our homeless.
In response to someone's racist post yesterday, here's an idea. Give every illegal immigrant citizenship, hassle free.
Changing a duopoly?
Osama Bin Laden was a time traveller sent back to 2001 to stop a pandemic
A car for monkeys to drive
Eassymall customer care number/6204027663*6204027663 Eassymall customer care number/6204027663*6204027663 Eassymall customer care number/6204027663*6204027663
My concept of wars that should happen between countries.
Feed your cat dishwasher detergent so it farts bubbles
An Oscar-type award show for rich people: those who donate the most to a cause get an award
Wake up every morning saying "The world is going to end today!" and prevent the apocalypse!
Gameshow "fingers up Gemma"
Car dashboards should be constructed out of "crumple zone" material
Reddit should hide all vote counts until after you’ve up or downvoted.
An „attention! Stupid drivers everywhere“ sign.
tax incentives for interracial marriages
Frequently Visited Places... as Actual Vaccination Centers
A 5 year marriage. Everyone's first marraige is only 5 years long. Throw out divorce completely. Renew your vows and contract every 5 years.
Make it EXTREMELY hard for investigaters to rule “Suicide” for any death. Make it the LAST POSSIBLE option for cause of death. Make it require a LARGE amount of paperwork, fact-checking, public oversight and corroborated details.
Instead of clip shows, to save money TV shows should just have the cast dub over old public domain footage
Put precooked rice in the ice cube maker in your fridge, so you can put a bowl under it and throw it in the microwave for a quick snack.
As Seen on TV: Fart Be Gone, a heat triggered fart simulator to enforce social distancing
I have heard that people can get expelled from school for writing their classmates' names in a death note and it gave me an idea
A subreddit but you have to learn the rules like Mao
For reddit: Have an option of converting awards given to a post into real money. Apparently real money could actually help that person instead of the money spent in that award.
Can anyone imagine if we held an annual science fair where all politicians were required to participate. All held in local school gyms, tri-fold board required, no assistance from staffers or your dad (and we would know).
A giant waffle and you can play naughts and crosses with smaller waffles as the crosses and donuts as the naughts
A horror movie without cheap jumpscares and over the top gore.
An Anna Kendrick Lamar album
An automatic machine for cleaning and drying eyeglasses, perfect for offices, hospitals or wherever people with glasses hang out.
Make remote controlled lawnmowers. They can serve two purposes: one, an easier alternative to mowing your lawn without the need to be out in the sun, and two, a weaponized yard vehicle than can be used to induce fear in any approaching salesperson who wants to ruin your Saturday afternoon.
Similar to how the void spread through r/place, we could post black pictures at r/worldpolitics/ and spread the void there
A classic “murder on the orient express” style detective story where the detective finds clues that points to one suspect who is then arrested, but the detective was actually the murderer and he elaborately framed an innocent man
frozen sperm shaped like a bullet - grab a customized machinegun and impregnate everyone in sight
Forget using web or email, lets show our support of the USPS by mailing physical letters to Congress and the President.
A ‘cancel just once’ option on recurring wake-up alarms
Remake to the Future trilogy. This time, "Clint Eastwood" is Marty's great great grandfather and "Calvin Klein" is Marty's father.
100% of deaths are murders. Death by old age is something your cells do that causes you to die. You were murdered by your cells.
A browser extension that uses AI to identify logical fallacies (in articles, on social media, etc.)
Every month on the same day you created your reddit account, you should get a yellow slice of cake appear next to you name, and you can use any award that’s under 1000 coins for free once that day.
Salty people are being preserved like salted pork jerky and are lasting longer, thus there are more jerks now
Toto should redo their song and call it “I miss the rains down in Australia” and donate money to Australias fire relief fund.
This is nuts
Create “go broke coffee” an extremely addictive coffee that will make the user unable to consume under 30 cups a day. Each cup costs 20 dollars.
I think there should be "buying a book series" option on delivery, so the sequels don't arrive before the first book.
A new sport
Create a basketball team where every player has the name of a famous football player
A vr game where teams have sensors attached to a bike(s) to power machines to fight so you'll have better incentives than looking at scenery!
Use CGI and deepfake technology to change the outcomes of classic sports matches so that there's new stuff to air on TV.
Everyone should shave their heads during quarantine and fill cancer patient hair drives for years
The craziest idea
There should be an app that tells you if your mole/freckles match any constellations
Personalised bed spaceships
Having a fact checker sitting next to politicians debating on TV to verify their arguments
Release all Crash Test/Dynamometer Test Videos publicly for all vehicles.
Postpone the 2021 Tokyo Olympics to 2022 and have a double Olympics year instead of rushing it for this year. Wait for vaccinations to reach a critical mass. It'll be a great celebration of humanity emerging from the shadows of 2020-21.
Political debates should have a panel of moderators that check for logical fallacies in real time.
Academy Awards For Philanthropist
Two layered smartphone screen of the future that combines normal LCD/OLED with e-ink
Tip your package carriers regularly through the pandemic
Put a sensor near the ac vent on a car, then the ac bellows cold air at you instead of you trying to find the right angle.
Trans Parent: the Caitlyn Jenner StoryBuild a time machine, with ONE goal in mind: To travel back far enough in time to a period where you could influence language to the point where, in the present day- people would express their affection toward one another by saying "Fuck You".
When asked your age, you should say you’re one less year old than your real age just because 2020 felt like a wasted year
Legalize weed only in politicians houses so they won't be so stuck up
A game show called "Who's the Bigger Snowflake ❄?" where they provoke liberals and conservatives with ideas/statements they don't like and see who gets more outraged.
doomer pride parade
Build a new country in the middle of an ocean kinda like an Atlantis and use smartest tech to support itself.
Launch a mass youth protest on your governing body of choice, during the current crisis.
Chicken flavored lollipops called cock suckers
Taillights that light up like a stereo leveler depending on how hard you are pressing the brakes.
Change or Stop practicing Daylight Saving Time
Eco lockdown
Recruiters and hiring managers should provide feedback on why you didn't make the cut
Roads that mechanically adjust to tilt downward in the direction of traffic
There should be an NGO for language coaches to teach American accents to immigrants so they experience less racism
I would die to see Big Ed from 90 day fiancé become the next bachelor. It would be the first time to have someone like that and it would be so refreshing.😂🙏🏽
If Rock Band the game is still a thing, make a new edition with songs from rock musicals
Get one of those electric razors that has the tiny vacuum attached to it. Shave your pubes and empty the hairs into a plastic baggie. Sanitize and then weave the hairs into merkins. Be the only merkin made from real pubes.
a service where they blast you with an emp to destroy any "microchip" in the vaccine
Breed increasingly aggressive lines of pitbulls that only get violent after a year of age, then abandon them in the most apologist pit mommy demographic areas.
The next open-world racing game should partner with Google Earth to bring us a game where we can literally drive around the world.
In my culture ,if you have an unwanted guest you can break a vase after they leave to make sure they won't return. maybe this new year's eve ,we should all break vases .
Replace the Statue of Liberty with a Mount Rushmore of deceased NYC rappers
After the whole world gets out of quarantine
You and a buddy test drive the same make/model car from two different dealerships. Swap the keys at a predefined meetup point and drive the swapped cars back to the wrong dealership.
An Arnold Schwarzenegger Christmas Album
Capitalize the first and last letter of the last word in a sentence to signify SarcasM
A home printer that will hold an entire standard ream of paper
Anaesthetise a sheep and sheer it’s wool. Us the wool to make a bright blue jumper. Put the jumper on the sheep. Study the sheep’s reaction when it comes round. And that if the other sheep. Have fields of blue, red, green, chequered , striped sheep. Do it - for science.
A device that freezes time and gives you a few dialogue options whenever you get angry.
Electric eels should be farmed and used as a power generator.
Male Celebrities Could Sell Their Sperm
Battery Electric Vehicle (BEV) Racing Series for NASCAR
A new racing league where half of the score to win comes from transcribing data over the headset down on a phone keyboard, while you are still driving.
A specialized government team dedicated to handling Karens/Kens
China has discovered an advanced alien race and is preparing humanity for first contact...by sending progressively more severe viruses over the next 5 years
Orbeeeeeez
Make a very limited or reduced version of reddit without videos or gifs, kinda like a low power mode, that users can toggle to conveniently if they are experiencing data shortages / bad WiFi (I.e. 1 bar ) for an endless use of reddit.
22 as the new legal age of adulthood in the US. 4 year college is now part of public school. You can go away to college at 20 to complete your final two years of school but it’s more like a boarding school. Beer is legal at 18 but liquor, cigarettes, and weed aren’t legal until 22.
A battle royale game where you find ink and have to draw your weapons and buildings to survive. You’ll get different types of inks for different things, like weapon ink and building ink and so on and so forth.
Lets start coffin rolling people with
A classy "soul food" restaurant
Hedge Funds and Investment Banks should hold an online career fair in r/wallstreetbets
Let's put an end to the incessant 'How's it hanging" question, by all wearing IT necklaces.
Love thine enemy. Trust me, it confuses the fuck out of them. Then you strike.
A printer company that doesn’t scam people
Would you pay $1 million to send a few million messages to someone?
One way to get Americans to warm up to the metric system? Make it the default on smartphones, Google Maps, Microsoft Office, etc.
Remake older classic games almost exactly as they were but using modern graphics. Goldeneye. Super mario bros. Star fox. Ski free.
Stores should jack up prices on sanitizers and TP, then offer steep senior discounts
Faking your own death to get away
Strip Uno
Ryan Reynolds quits acting to start his own aluminum foil company
The ultimate survival van
Presidential candidates should be forced to read the many posts about what should happen to them if they go over time, if they go over time
Flaming Hot Cheetos blow-bang
Elected leaders are allowed to hold office until they die. There are still new elections every four years or whatever, but each time the newly elected candidates have to share power with all their living predecessors.
The should be a blue pages for police officers
‪A piece of media where every onomatopoeia is replaced with “onomatopoeia.”‬
A "female-friendly" toilet that automatically moves the seat down after being flushed
Come up with realistic saint names and expectations for the increased acceptance or religious beliefs...ex) Saint George of the whitest master flushing toilets, please let there be a waxi when I get there!
We get a normal sized baseball diamond, and put batters on ALL 4 bases, also have 4 pitchers at once as well. If a batter hits it and they reach the next home plate, then that team gets a run, if they hit it out of the park, that team also gets 1 run. 4 outs, you switch, 8 innings, SUPER BASEBALL!!
Pass a law that awards someone $1,000,000,000
Instead of asking upvotes on you just give other people upvotes like a treat because when you where a kid you also gave treats on your birthday on school
You can go through the mirror. The only problem is that when you try and go through you block yourself from going through.
Pokemon but actually is just people beating the s#$% of each other.
Tamilrockers Website - Watch And Download Latest Movies Now
Since all concerts and events with many people are cancelled, instead artists should do live-streaming on Youtube. And since people should keep their distance, do stripped-down versions.
A Spanish restaurant where all the waiters flamenco dance towards you instead of walk.
Instead of increasing corporate taxation, we make losers pay legal fees in court and corporate entities that lose pay 10x damages to the government.
Rename Jupiter "Big Chungus."
A 'social-distancing mosh pit' where everyone in it must be in a Zorb ball
A reservation for people who think society is stupid.
theres going to be a movie about antman and the micronauts taking place between "ant man and the wasp" and "endgame"
In the future when AI takes over every job, you now have to purchase anything using IQ, the more you spend, the dumber you get.
Replace commercials with life lessons and real world examples of math and science in action
You should be able to buy passes that allow you to get away with crime.
A shooter game where you reload you weapons by dysync and rysync the controller.
A Center for Kids Who Can’t Read Good and Wanna Learn to Do Other Stuff Good Too
A movie with multiple possible endings. When played, the Blu ray randomly selects an ending, so you never know how it's going to end.
Everyone is automatically muted while more than 1 person is talking at a time.
How to remove certain problems of the world?.
After Hong Kong residents get their British citizenship, the UK should build a Hong Kong replica on the Isle of Wight
A game with every type of simulator combined as one.
Make a "2020" subreddit that only allows you to post interesting things that happened in that very year.
A Small Favor Gang or SFG in short.
Transfer recivering Covid-19 positive people into long term nursing care facilities along side vulnerable non-covid-19 positive people.
Conduct a job interview asking only random question from r/AskReddit.
Learning guild of sexual relationships
Remake old movies like "Taxi Driver" or "Chariots Of Fire", but with only fat people, in all roles.
Take a person who thinks Covid is a hoax and stick them in a room with a person who tested positive for it.
A first person moba game
Everybody gets the same healthcare, but organ transplants become highest bidder.
The Boston Marathong
Using carbon dioxide or nitrogen and put a lot of it over forest fires to extinguish the fire
Office Survivor. Once a year employees can unanimously vote out their least liked co-worker.
Everything is a Choice
Make the N-word pass an official document that is handed our by black people. Using the N-word without having the pass with you becomes a crime
A tower defense game where you defend 5G towers from armies of Karen's.Police should wear cameras designed like glasses, so that we can actually see what they see.
Idiocracy CIV 6 Mod
People who hack Celebs social media, instead of doing something malicious one time someone should hack an account like Elon Musk's Twitter and simply make one post. It should be a resume for a cyber security position.
Make a new law that everyone who runs for President (in the primaries or the actual election) is Executed by Firing Squad if they don't win to make sure everyone who runs is serious about it
A reboot of Jurassic Park as a sci-fi horror comedy adventure directed by Edgar Wright and starring Johnny Depp as Dr Ian Malcolm. A totally gritty and realistic new version of the story that takes the franchise in a totally new direction while staying true to the books.
Lets invent seat chillers, instead of seat warmers, for toilet seats. So it's less weird to go to the toilet after somebody else
Jump Scare Alert Plug In
BUILD A VIRTUAL CENTER THAT FOCUSES ON TEACHING LIFE SKILLS AND/OR FUTURE CAREER WITHOUT PAY.
Sep 10th - Shittykidsday
Where do you guys go to seek some of feedback?*
To discourage people from touching their faces, quarantine r/facepalm until the coronavirus scare is over.
There should be a Church called "The Church of St. Francis" that acts as a no kill pet shelter without worrying about taxes
a number that appears on each person's thumb, that when they do a thumbs-up or thumbs-down gesture toward another person, if their own thumb's number is at least 1, it is reduced by 1 and the other person's number is increased by 1, which both of them can see, similar to money except works instantly
For every new power the government gives itself, it must give up an equal amount of some other kind of power, so government's total power stays limited.
A game show called splash
A radio station where every day/week the era/genre of music changes
We should make a thread of people who have unlimited data (no matter where they call) of people, so we can call others from around the globe.
Show which actors in movies/shows are dead in real life.
Get a brand logo tattooed on you and reach out to them to become viral. After that involve yourself in a terrible scandal to drag down the companies PR with you.
Start an online store that sells confederate flag memorabilia and donate all the profits to black lives matter.
This year has practically gone in the blink of an eye for most people. So what if on everyone's next birthday we just agree to stay the same age for a year to even everything out
Figure out how to make more islands through underwater volcano eruptions
Y’all know the high school charity fundraiser they have where you pay three dollars to take a swing at a junk car with a sledgehammer? That but with confederate monuments.
Jumpscares but instead of scaring they make people horny.
An app where you can read news articles and then comment on the news and you can read other people's news.
Plastic trash and grocery bags that are textured on the outside so they're easier to get started open.
Rename "COVID-19" to "Winnie the Flu".
A new Breath of the Wild, but where you play the role of a rouge Bokoblin.
Hands Across America but with social distancing to raise money for CV19 relief.
Netflix should have a ‘Chill’ section for movies that are interesting only at the start of the movie
Patch kids. Non-sour sour patch kids
Instead of de-funding the police, upper class and corporations should fund them. Middle class and lower gets a tax break.
Make a pedo sexual orientation rally and arrest all of the pedos who go to it.
Have an elections system based on pods of people who pick a leader. These leaders then form a new pod and pick a leader of leaders. And so on and so forth.
End rasicm
decide the president by whoever eats the most broken glass mixed with hot peppers
Blizzard could make WoW free for a month or two and it would help fight the corona-virus by making people stay inside.
The "Towelescope"
My deadbeat son getting a fucking job
If a person on Tinder hasn't responded in three days file a missing persons report
How to execute business growth
If you're not going to vote then you can give your votes to others but they can only use the extra votes on third parties
Rename milk to "Love Potion" because it makes people grow taller and thus become more attractive to the opposite gender
Speed bumps should be drivable at the speed limit for the pavement their at
Without telling anyone, car manufacturers should have a setting that overrides the speakers and plays songs/sound effects that correlate to the mileage of the car
A movie set in ancient Greece where Dwayne Johnson and Kevin Hart play Plato and Diogenes respectively
3D printer that reads DNA from old cells and bombard it with energy to regenerate new cells. Regrow lost limbs and body parts at scale
Quietly contact a bunch of German army generals. Offer them all expense paid vacation packages to various places in Russia. Watch as Russian intelligence shits their pants, worrying the Germans are plotting another invasion.
IHOP should transition over to being a 24 hour breakfast bar with an emphasis on beer
People who are not statistically projected to live long enough to deal with the outcome of events they vote on no longer get to vote
It's March most schools graduate in 2-3 months. Let's just speedrun it in 1-2 weeks and start summer vacation early during this Coronavirus epidemic.
Get small content creators on YouTube to use their audiences to crowdfund enough money to buy ads telling everyone about their crappy ad policies.
A fitness room for animals, so that every animals from the zoo (or even your cat/dogs) is buffed
Ladies, if a guy asks for nudes, ask to see nudes of his ex.
A reality show where billionaire CEOs have to live off of their lowest paid employees salary for a month.
We make Linux users use macOS, macOS users use chromeOS, chrome OS users use macOS, and windows users use React OS.
Law enforcement should be equipped with body cams that livestream automatically.
Three words. Garbage Truck Derby
An elaborately staged murder mystery thriller recorded entirely onto a single CCTV machine (where the story plays out from multiple cameras). Sell the machine on ebay then ghost the account when buyer starts asking questions.
A full-sized watermelon made out of dyed chocolate.
An unknockable door
A feature length reimagining of Thomas Edison's The Sneeze.
Randomly execute a few politicians and tell them we will draw names from a hat again if this shit isn't fixed soon. What shit? Everything.
Make a platform where individuals can sell their own data
Once a year the NSA and Navy Seals hunt down a spam caller who calls one of the Seals with paintball guns and live stream it.
There should be a video game controller that simulates feel (Heat, cold, pain)
Reddit Premium with embedded articles
They couldn’t continue with the JarJar Binks as a Sith Lord story line because they didn’t want to foreshadow Trump too heavily.
A company that will print the bottom half of people's faces on their masks, so they can walk around wearing a mask and still looking like themselves
A subreddit or subreddits for international coalitions (U.N./G8/NATO for example) where people opressed by their government can post to circumvent media censorship and bring more focus to their cause. (Iran, venezuela, china, etc)
Minecraft could be even more hype by just increasing the wait for their updates and upsizing the amount of features they add
Have a republican and a Democrat government working in coalition together in the US
Creation of dead zones around the world
A face tattoo that says "face tattoo" so you can be ironic and cringey at the same time.
David Lynch should be on Curb Your Enthusiasm!!!
My Big Pony. I don't know what it'd exactly be but it sounds worse than it's inverse.
Why isn't there a large scale American interstate student exchange program?
Have a month where people make sure not to buy anything they see in advertisements in order to help curb the insane amounts of them.
Make all the top scientists in charge of the world.
If you rent a movie you should be able to buy it for a discounted price as long as the rental is still active.
Eat so many coins that all you have to do to dispense change is clench your buttcheeks.
Just seize the fucking rain forest from Brazil before it's too late.
Robots
To solve the Suez problem, let's just burn more fossil fuels so the ocean rises enough to push the boat out
Have everyone of a certain age bracket (0-10, 10-20, 20-30, and so on) dip their hands in different colors of washable paint before going anywhere outside the house. That way we can see others, and our own, impact on the amount of germs we spread.
Dank memes group on WhatsApp
Every subreddit should have an "echo chamber" score that's permanently displayed next to its name.
With all this talk about leaving Facebook, Google+ should return as Google++
Make a powerplant that produces power from exercise bikes to solve obesity, unemployment and create green energy
School Grades where 50 is the average grade and anything below 25 is failing
Robot Olympics. Since we can't have humans participate right now we use robots.
In addition to flaming companies that are treating their employees poorly right now we also go out of our way to say good things about companies doing the opposite.
Infinite space travel
A cannon that shoots F/A-18 Hornets like a kamikaze cannon.
Facebook should have hosted a secret event where random people were selected as infected, and whoever liked or commented on their post would also catch the infection just to show how easily and quickly it spreads
Elected officials under go guides psychedelic usage before they are given power.
Someone makes a hyper realistic drawing of a face photo, then another artist copies from the realistic drawing, and it repeats until the facial features look way different
A magazine/comic for kids that is filled with memes, shows the best current memes and explains some as well. Keeps kids entertained and parents happy that they’re not on their phone as much
fellat.io
Why doesn’t the world just cancel all of debt that’s produced during the Covid-19 outbreak and employ a UN-like body of independent auditors to make sure each nation can only does borrow x% that is lost due to this global Force Majeure?
Gamer tech start measuring lag in lightmeters such as 1 millisecond is 300,000 meters, and 1 lightfoot is about 1 nanosecond. Saying the same number in lightmeters, when its low enough, may sound more impressive than it translated to milliseconds. HDMI screen refresh 5 million lightmeters (60 hz)
a car with 6 reverse gears
Mosquitoes are high-tech government gadgets to secretly vaccinate us
If you hadn't had a date by the time you're 25, the government should look to see who is single in your area and set you up on a mandatory date with them
USA Enhanced License / Federal Real ID deadlines should be postponed due to Coronavirus Spread
There should be a sub-Reddit dedicated to reviewing other sub-Reddits about sub-sandwiches.
In war, instead of using soldiers or missiles, we should all just dump copious amounts of glitter on enemy locales.
Anti-commercials, don't make a commercial about how good Tesla is, make a commercial about how much Chevy sucks
Masks across America 6 -8 foot social distances we all wear masks take donations for assistance when you are sick or lost your job because of the virus and help each other. Like hands across America in the 80s we got this
Someone beat Elon musk to the mars race and tweet "Hey Elon, how's that space program going? "
Glitchy car window motors
A current events class in school. You can discuss and talk about the causes and consequences etc. of these events (you'll learn to present your opinions better, and kids and teenagers will become more aware of the things happening around the world)
An app that lets you keep listening to people for a while after a phone call ends
Only allow people to comment as a response to the first comment, no other threads can exist.
A porn service that will suggest pornstars that closely resemble your crush
Tuition reimbursement should include student loan payments
Road Rage Radio
A type of earphones that when you push a button on it, they tell you the time, so you're not forced to check your phone.
a papers please -esque game off Oversight
Detain Anti-Maskers In Morgue Room Of Covid Ward For A Period Of Time Whenever They Violate Public Health.
The New York Times should run a one day full edition of the paper where they reprint all of the major scandals/stories of the Trump Presidency that they previously reported and nothing else. Every page is a front page of the last 4 years.
We should reverse global warming by spinning the sun backwards
A social media network, where only bots and propaganda accounts are allowed to sign up.
Change the white people “slur” from cracker to (va)Nilla.
Why don't we just annex cities like Portland and Seattle and let them be communists?
If everyone starts eating goose and duck more often we can drive down the prices of expensive jackets and sleeping bags due to the excess down.
Human cloning used for trafficking and manufacturing clones of popular celebrities for either slave labor or recreational use.
Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sylvester Stallone should get their honorary Oscars for a lifetime of entertainment at the same time.
People who get caught violating lockdown orders by having parties shouldn't be jailed or fined. They should just put them on a list of people that will not get medical treatment if they get sick.
A VR art gallery for online artists where people can purchase/auction on original pieces if they like what they see
When getting tested for STDs, there should be a "gauntlet" option where they literally just test you for every possible STD.
I ain't saying she's a gold digger, but she helps find precious metals as a dynamite rigger.
Wearing a waterproof VR headset with the visuals of a rain storm with thunder and lightening while stood in the shower
Make it illegal to not cast a vote in federal elections, by charging each person who does not vote with a fine or with community service.
Sort by only NSFW posts for when you get home from work
Create a food YouTube channel where you follow recipes that was generated by an AI (like GPT2). You might discover an amazing recipe, or create absolutely disgusting mush.
Open a shoe store called Wal-King
What if we made plastic cover for urinals so pee won’t splash all over us?
For those in the U.S they should add a “pet dependent” that you can claim on your taxes due to costs for caring for an animal. It would be a lower amount than a child or spousal dependent, but at least something.
Only Fans for musicians : Only Music Fans
A Watch with Magnets to make a better wrist-strap!
a mach 2 "roller coaster" pulled on a thick chain above a lake by a large tractor boat (such as the rolling belt of a jetski but much bigger), and on the flying end of that some aerodynamic shape so that when its swung around and zigzagged etc along near the water it lifts up just enough
A combination of baseball and American football!
Chess, but each player draws a card at the start with a secret king invulnerability position
Take death row murders and execute them like they did to their victims.
Some rich guy start breeding chickens based on which ones are the most intelligent, for funseys you know?
Breed bear runts with each other until you have toy size bear and sell them as "teddy bears"
Fire the whole U.S. congress and replace them with an app on our phones
Carry around a bottle of strange liquid that says "may contain aids" and if the cops come for you, pour it all over yourself and say you already have it so you don't mind it
Google should supply Google cardboard and bare-bones smartphones for for schools to use for virtual learning.
Hide drugs in your pets so when drug-sniffing dogs freak out the police would think they are just reacting to your pet
Steam should add a maximum system requirements to the already existing recommended and minimum system requirements.
K-pop disstrack
Every ten years, human beings double in size. The world is ruled by octogenarian giants, many of whom have Alzheimer's.
Instead of raiding Area 51, People should had sent an army of Drones to fly around and live stream the facility
A postal address such that everything sent to it is discarded. In other words a physical /dev/null.
Make all screens show only black &amp; white instead of color
Instead of elections, decide the U.S. presidency with a dog show.
Imagine a time traveller coming to you and saying, " Dude, why dont you still have covid 19, its the only prevention against the zombie apocalypse happening in may 2020"
There needs to be some non-ccp certification tag associated with any business or groups now for those who choose not to support or help Ccp build wealth or consolidated power. Mergers and partnerships happening too fast.
Comedy clubs should have "Weed Night"s where everyone has to be extremely high to get in or go on stage.
Sell water based spray paints so angry people can graffiti without causing permanent damage.
An app to turn a looting crowds against businesses that you have disagreements with
A smart watch that detects when your BAC is too high and pretends to send your text message when you try to send one.
Use the USPS to deliver vaccinations.
Politics should be banned or filtered on any large social media that allows anonymity. Instead there should be social media where people are forced to use real names and very basic identification.
A Conversation about the Nature of Reality and Our Role Within
CLOSE THE STOCK MARKET YOU PIGS
An opposite of Valentine's Day, where you can send a card to someone to tell them how much you don't like them
expand DNS to a new branding namespace (DNS+)
A crowdsourced app like Waze or something where people can report stores that currently HAVE toilet paper, cough medicine, baby formula, hand sanitizer, etc.
Jousting on Motorcycles
Create a tv that automatically mutes &amp; picture dims during commercials.
Rename people carrying confederate flags to confederate fags and shame them to non-existence.
Living on the mars
Discord should add a "Do Disturb" status to their service that puts your account info on the home page for everyone to see.
Use the fact that a lot of people on the left seem to be all too happy with the idea of right-wing anti-maskers dying of covid to get them to wear masks and/or stay at home
Reddit should add the ability to see a person’s negative and positive karma, not just the net karma.
Colleges Should Work With Animal Shelters
Lifetime tax discounts for people who have saved a life
Criminal records should be removed from public record after a certain amount of time depending upon the time. This will help ex-cons who want to turn around their lives secure employment.
A forgetting program. Designed not for learning but for forgetting whatever you want to forget. Forever and irreversibly.
Starbursts bags that have already unwrapped they individual pieces
Dr. Ken Jeong makes a COVID-19 informative video about how dangerous this is. Everyone watches because it’s entertaining. People stay home. And a lot more people survive this pandemic and take it seriously.
A standardized hand signal for making a U-Turn.
Reddit should give you a notification if someone sees your post and then immediately leaves the subreddit you posted in
Make car dealership requirements so complicated that it will drop the carbon footprint of humans
Meatloaf with cake icing
On websites that allow comments (e.g YouTube), there is a one minute waiting period after the last letter typed before you can post the comment. Forcing people to sit and ponder over what they’ve typed out.
Plan C pill that is 50% effective. Put it back in gods hands.
Guys I'm tellin' ya. Computers.
A racing video game where your car continues to accelerate at the same rate forever with no speed cap
Have, tissue companies and toilet paper companies advertise on porn sites.
Start bringing pepsi to protests and offer it to cops to end police brutality
Rename the Earth as the "round", so that the Flat Earthers have to say "the round is flat"
web site that has cams on all the lines at the stores to get in with estimations of times to get in.
For a reality show: a "tough guy" husband, a non-binary "wife", a bisexual teenager, her maybe-gf, a trans teen boy, another son, 4 dogs, 5 cats, 2 birds, a lizard, a snake, and a rat travel the US in a bus during a pandemic. No, seriously, this is my life, where is TLC?
Blind people (How to understand what they see)
Rechargable AI Battery
We should rebrand abortions and call them "medical miscarriages"
Someone should create a horror movie called 2021
Change the name of Sudan to 'Convertible'.
Instead of giving a middle finger, we should give a thumbs down.
Everyone in the UK should protest outside parliament, and every local government building , blocking the roads, strictly maintaining a social distance until Dominic Cummings is sacked and Boris Johnson resigns....instead of whining about it on Twitter.
Amazon should shut down the secondary sellers marketplace where gougers are profiting on public fear and anxiety by selling pandemic related items for multiple times more than their true value.
Speak honestly for once
With so many airplanes not flying, airplane meals can be delivered to those in quarantine or other people in need.
Social distancing app
As a fitness and weight loss program, groups of people are taken to ride bikes to generate energy for the community.
Reddit shares 50% of the rewards money that a post earns..
Police tactic
If you own a product already, that products advertisement won’t be shown to you on tv or radio.
A camera for smells
Cannibalism becomes legal on you once you have over $1 billion
Make a therapy pill, where people are accepting and in deep love as they talk with their counselors that gives a 100% success rate , ptsd, cptsd, anxiety, marital issues, grief, etc.
If we quarantined every single human with a diesease such as chicken pox and cured them all we could literally eradicate chicken pox
awesome app idea
Machine learning software that extracts news article summary so you don't have to read long articles and click on clickbaits
A rat in a maze is free to go anywhere, as long as it stays inside the maze.” ― Margaret Atwood,
Employ the 6.6M Americans who are newly unemployed as delivery drivers.
Super Simple Bank - "Give us your money. We give you a card. We take 2% per transaction."
Play interactive movies like Black Mirror: Bandersnatch in theaters and have moviegoers vote on what the main character should do.
r/iamveryrandom and r/ARG should secretly change places so the ARGers go nuts solving the random and the anti random dudes might learn something about interpretation
Vehicles should have an inbuilt speed detector that stores how fast you were going &amp; when. This way you could dispute speeding fines or prove someone was speeding
Use Emoji for license plates instead of alphanumeric characters.
Olympic Event: Jumping from a swingset for distance
Fill military/spy planes with spent nuclear fuel. If an enemy shoots down your plane for flying over their territory, they'd spread massive amounts of radiation in their own country.
In school, the 'hot-lists' that the opposite sex makes should be fixed so everyone comes top at least once, improving self-confidence of all..
Reddit should change what awards do
Make a sitcom about people making a sitcom
Have Reddit gold/awards' monetary worth sent directly to the user
I'm a very non-violent man... (Philip DeFranco Feb 10, 2021)
Will smith should go back and make songs for every film he's been in.
Make it legal to eat cannibals.
Remake the best horror films like the Shining with all muppet casts.
The US government should be mandated to provide teens with girlfriends or boyfriends
A delicious cake
There should be a reverse italic option to indicate sarcasm through text.
Bully u/spez to suicide and then take control of Reddit and unban subs that were unfairly banned.
This whole subreddit is just phienieas and ferb
Have dessert before dinner; finish with a salad.
Governors temporarily triple the cost of speeding tickets during Covid-19 outbreaks in their states, in an effort to cut down the automobile accident ER patients during expected peak Covid-19 cases at hospitals in the coming weeks.
Mario Party Russian Roulette.
A reboot of Billy Madison where Adam Sandler receives his letter from Hogwarts and has to learn to become a wizard.
Americans should just stop paying for medical bills and cause the medical field to reevaluate their prices of care.
If Microsoft refuses to open source Windows 7 after the FSF's petition, the FSF should start a fundraiser to buy the rights to win7.
To settle the question once and for all, NASA should get their scientist’s moms to look for aliens.
A DND movie Franchise, but the scripts are made by popular actors playing DND as the characters they will play as in the film.
An actor who exclusively plays one character that makes brief appearances in multiple popular movies and TV shows.
An alarm on the computer that goes off when it's no longer frozen so you can nap without losing productivity.
Being so much more important than Christmas or Easter, Thanksgiving, Memorial day, etc... Election day should be a holiday.
The National Guard in D.C. wears uniforms that are in CONTRAST to green camo, to help differtiate themselves from militias dressed similarly, to avoid confusion from the public and the miltary during protests.
If everyone in the world got together in a movement to POLICE EVERYTHING EVERYBODY DOES TO MAKE SURE no one ever feels hurt?
Start peppering /r/frugal with nonstop gold to give the whole sub an existential crisis
NFL Pro Bowl
Change everyone's Star Sign
Super market sweep but with millionaires
Send all dinosaur deniers to dinosaur museums.
In 2020 I started my adult CPA business
Make me reddit Admin for 1 day with license to kill accounts permanently
Allow youtubers to select a time frame of the video where they ask the viewers to subscribe and it doesn't show to those already subscribed
A Superman game where you can't die, but if any character in a level dies, you have to start the level over
Statisticians will be studying our work productivity data a year from now. The option to work from home will become more availabe, or it will be criticized.
A Highschool made of corn
edible paper
Internet speed vids
What if there is a group that makes sure that the predictions made in the show The Simpsons come true?
Rebrand snakes and ladders "adders and ladders"
Kids 10 and under get their own elected peer officials to represent them in the adult government.
A luggage system where you have 1 number on your luggage and the same number on your body. Stamped by the Railcompany and you are only allowed to leave the station when both numbers match
Genetically engineer tapeworms for weight loss programs
Give me your opinion on how to do a random task, and then dumb it down as much as possible in the next comments so I can understand it.
MMA fights where the winner fucks the loser
Knights of Justice: A Way to Solve the Problems of Social Media
Kimberly Robinson gennadijfrolov2000
Rich people must give their children to poor families to raise, or they lose everything.
A “condom” for butter knives so we could use the same knife to make peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
Go to r/changemyview and instead of having people change it from an unpopular opinion to an accepted one, have them turn a commonly held view into a bad one.
Long press a picture message on Apple and Android, and have the option to assign it as that person's contact picture.
iMessage Profile Pictures you set for others to see by default. Could still override when you set a contact picture.
Paint ball contests but with tranquilizer darts. The last person standing wins.
Pitch why Cutco knives make the best murder weapon.
Social Rationing as a way to suppress the coronavirus
Breaking Bad cinematic universe where each show is another teacher getting cancer and going bad
Winning an auction to have lunch with warren buffet only to talk about nothing business related.
In place of having the Olympic event 'Clean and Jerk', they should rebrand it and have 'Jerk and Clean' instead
A sandwich that has a tiny amount of meat from every species that has meat
EAST America and WEST America
Add upvotes and downvotes to Twitter's platform so we can see how much of Trump's (and others) retweets are from people supporting him vs. thinking he's an absolute moron
Let me take over Reddit by first banning all people who aren't my subscribers then let the new automatic anti ban evasion system to slip up and help me.
A cache in your browser with your search, site visit, demographic info that YOU release voluntarily in return for access, permissions, downloads, etc. to a given site.
Start a business showing short videos on the ass of very fat people using a projector
2 Player Online Co-Op Video Game, set in multiverse similar to Amazon series Counterpart, where each person is playing the same character in a separate parallell universe. Separate linear storylines happen simultaneously and players overlap multiverses at times.
Start a stretching program for people with IBS called "Poolates"
Now that no one can go anywhere anyway, how about we just skip the whole "summer" thing this year? Just turn off the sun for a few hours each day.
Netflix should add a shuffle button
Genetically engineer flys so that they are afraid of humans, that way they will only stick around garbage and leave you in peace while eating.
Goggles you can see COVID19 and everything it’s infecting
(usa) We should all start sticking both hands out our window with our license and registration and refusing to do anything until the cop who pulled us over handcuffs us. Eventually they’ll get sick of it.
When the lockdown begins to be lifted, lift restrictions for small businesses first. Smaller footprint, less people together, and gives locals a head start in the empty market to keep money from flowing somewhere else.
I AM SO F**KING TIRED OF ROBOCALLS. How about when you receive a call, the caller must type a 4 digit captcha to verify they're human before it even rings
Have the USA join the International Court of Law.
Selling a jar of my own cum for 100k
Every 4 months we change wealth class. Poor, middle-class, and then rich so that by the end of the year, we experienced all 3.
In the midst of this panic buying toilet paper crisis, learn to wipe like a man and stock up on sand paper.
A website where you post things that reflect your taste, and other people rate your taste. The point? Rankings that show how subjectively good or bad your taste is.
Tax strike until the wealthy pay up
Choose what prison someone goes to, not by the nearest, but to group prisoners who have the same diseases or lack of them together so they cant catch much from eachother that they dont already have.
How about Erecting Statues to Inventors?
An advanced heads-up display on the passenger side of cars so the front seat passengers can watch shows/movies while riding
2021 is the year we quit talking smack about yo mama, &amp; we start crackin wise on your papa
Start a company that sells food targeted for women trying to get a bigger butt. Call it a Food for Thots.
Have a Live 8 style music festival for Covid-19.
Adjust medical and legal terminology to reflect the fact that death is the default state of matter, and life is an exception to the rule.
A VR simulation with some type of body hookup to pain receptors so that whatever physically harmful crime someone commits, they’d have to feel in VR as punishment
Have a small fan that blows across the pores exposed by Bioré strips as one does for soda bottles, thereby playing a chord that calls dogs.
If you have to reset your password on a site because you forgot, once you do, the site should tell you what the old password was.
its ok if organ donors get covid, cuz thats likely to save lives.
A worldwide underground clothing trade like the door system in monsters Inc. It goes to every town
There should be a website or a social media where you can post things to figure out if it's cringy before you post it to somewhere like Reddit or Instagram. People would be blunt in the letdown, but nice about it, and it could be a wholesome place where people learn how to communicate better.
No income tax for underage
What if people created fake price tags and posted them in from of Goya beans . Raising the prices to $14 a can so shoppers will buy another brand
Have MTV air JJBA with uncopyright names.
Everyone should be automatically entered into a presidential election, and then the candidates are slowly whittled down until only the most qualified remain, and then the public votes on those.
The Crips should hijack "back the blue" the same way the gay community hijacked "proud boys"
Rename minimum wage to slave wage
A device like a fitness tracker, which counts all the words you've read, including web browsing and such.
A USB DVD player.
A public chat room on the airport giant waiting room screens
Have phone cleaning stations in large public places to minimize germ spreading (phones are INCREDIBLY germy), this could be helpful especially during this outbreak
If we tax the rich enough to end hunger and homelessness, it would finally give them a reason to be snobby pricks
A whole bowl of spaghetti thats just one extremely long noodle
A nu metal cover of summer of love by The Beach Boys
"Captain Hook" at Disneyland should be played by an actual pirate
Dog Spiders
Passwords that can use any key, including backspaces or arrow keys
A subreddit where you’re able to hum or sing a tune and people tell you what song you can’t remember where it comes from.
Intentionally destroying a vaccine should be considered attempted murder or terrorism.
A white person renting service to shield black guys against police brutality
Steam Christmas sales only discount games you already have, so you have to exchange gifts with other people to save money
A TV series where every episode the actors change
Rebrand "defund the police" to "reallocate the police". This gives you a catchy acronym to use in marketing (RAP)
The US would see less protesting if more people voted or put the same fervor into political candidacy.
Mindblowing: I love Jewish women with big eyebrows and dark hair
Universal basic income, given out in prepaid debit cards, where the remaining funds "expire" or don't rollover to the next month, forcing people to spend it all.
Picture this: A line of towers filled with fire-retardant foam
What if people see different colours but call them the same thing
Replace lenses on frames not just get a new pair every year?
Build a company and offer a subscription service. Every payment received is a stock purchase at a valuation of $_________.
A police department comprised of two groups: one based on customer service, and the other based on intervention and use of force. The former would be dispatched to comfort and console victims of crime. The latter would be dispatched to pursue and apprehend dangerous criminals.
If Trump loses the election, line the streets with dildos with "go fuck yourself" wrote on them as he leaves office for the last time.
Bornhub. Pornhub for pedophiles. That is all.
Trump should declare himself a female, then claim the title of the US's first female president and wait and watch feminists and LGBT around the world lose their mind.
Logan's Run, but for Congresspersons
Have you and 10 friends separately walk past the same person in a park while tutting and shaking your head
France should rescind its gift of the statue of liberty to the united states if trump steals the election
A Wearable 3D Perception Device for the Blind. Built by the Completely Blind.
Retro Mall: Think Colonial Williamsburg but 1980s mall
Put a small speaker that you're developing, then code it so it outputs a very loud annoying sound if a certain number is choosen by a random function. Only have it do it every few years so no one will believe the user saying it makes the noise.
Pay your boss so you can go to work
An autonomous drone system that detects overdoses and injects a dose of Narcan, and a law mandating installation in all buildings south of the Mason-Dixie line. All annual deaths in that region will be cut in half.
Voting Bernie Madoff for president with write-in votes.
The Kennedy's should change their surname to Comedies.
Covid, except instead of “only killing 1%” it only kills THE 1%.
The money that you save by buying from corporations who use cheap child sweatshop labor to make your stuff, donate that money to a charity that you think improves the world more than the charity of fighting child sweatshop labor.
John DeLancie should film a pro-Biden commercial as Q, saying he's really the QAnon Q.
In America's Got Talent and other variations, judges will vote first before hearing the backstory.
A modern Wikipedia that absorbs as much media as possible about every calendar day possible.
Making piracy legal, but only for the rule of cool.
Online presidential debates.
All police bodycams are instantly livestreamed onto r/watchpeopledie
Instead of trying to get humans to colonize Mars, we should genetically modify bacteria that can survive on mars and let them evolve into species.
MrBeast actually sticks to his word and runs for president. I'm referring to a tweet he made where he said he would do this. Even though he probably meant it as a joke I was so intrigued by the idea that I made a video on how that scenario would play out.
The U.S. should open bars restaurants beaches etc for 18-39 year olds ONLY, for 2 months. All other public places enforce very strict social distancing and mandatory masks for everyone.
Let people who can and want to keep working from home do so, but shift the money they save on commuting to directly fund a living wage for people in the service industry.
A r/obviouslyNTAjustseekingvalidation sub that points out all the dumb shit that gets upvoted in r/AITA
Brock Turner and Michelle Carter
On April the 1st hide "r/subreddit" from posts. While you're at it hide user/karma/medals too.
pedophile insurance - In the unlikely event you start being attracted to kids, like maybe you get hit on the head and your brain malfunctions, you file an insurance claim for your losses of your job as an elementary school teacher who can no longer work there due to your injury
Distribute older operating systems (like windows 95) on modern consoles as game disks (or cartrages (Nintendo switch).
"That's So Raiden!"
A PC game where it takes all the files on your desktop and hides them, making it seem its deleting the files. Make it a horror game, so it makes some sense.
Lots of redditors bump up against each other claiming superior cognitive abilities. How about an adjudicated forum where combative redditors line up for a live “smart battle” to see who is actually smarter?
A shot for shot remake of The Crow. Only instead of a crow, use a donkey.
Sports fans should be able to pay to buried under their favorite teams sports field.
Bring back Celebrity Deathmatch
People who work in indispensable positions should get huge bonuses for having to work when every one else is at home because of this outbreak.
Innocence is a kind of insanity” ― Graham Green
Two people interacting, but one is inverted in time?
A feature in Reddit to automatically convert weight from kg to pound and temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit and vice versa .
A drug that prevents you from procrastinating
Everyone in the country is forced to join in a giangantic conga line. We lift a massive speaker above the country and play the conga song on repeat. When the music stops, we stop. Wherever we stop, that is our new home.
Soap that turns into scrubbing bubbles when it hits tub/tile
A TV show about all the loopholes the rich use to avoid taxes
Create a super AI by letting an AI create an AI after you show it countless other AI’s.
A bit that lets people know how many times someone has said the same “copy/paste” commentTrump supporters should be called Trumpets 🎺
Change your last name to your last name but with ", Ph. D." at the end
Give every rich billionaire a disease or disorder like AIDs or Dementia so that they are motivated to spend their own money to battle, find a cure or just make people with it lives' better
Destroy/Alter all records of school-shooters in order to make people to forget about them
The Earth isn't flat, but it should be. Create a Flatten Earth society.
Start running milk to houses like water
Make a pill that makes you fall asleep instantly and wakes you up at ur usual alarm time
Call of Duty Spec. Ops, but with DnD
Already employed but lack self esteem? Spend all your spare time going on job interviews and turning down offers.
A vomit pill, so that you can enjoy food without the calories
A spinoff of the Terminator series where a viral computer bug needs to be stopped. The name? Ex-Terminator.
Gogglebox but they watch LiveLeak videos
Christmas lights should stay up through January
Reverse Harambe: Give a gun to a gorilla then push one of its young into a human enclosure (house, mall etc). The gorilla shoots you, thereby redeeming Harambe
Make jelly beans that taste like tide pods or cyanide.
Movies/Video Games/All sorts of media shouldn’t be judged on a 10 point scale, it should be treated like a school paper, from A to F
I wish I had the funds to start following a random redditor, and award platinum to every post/comment they make
Food packaging that won't let you open it once the food expires
A swimming pool where pissing is not only allowed, but actively encouraged
Prison Rehab
A game jam with the restriction that submissions may not contain art. No sounds or graphics assets. Everything has to be coded.
Create a search engine that only shows reliable sources, any website wanting to be added to the search engine must go through an interview/background check
A movie about a "mad scientist" just trying to perform experiments and maybe discover a cancer cure or something, but anti-scientist nuts are trying to stop him because the usual trope is for the scientist to be evil.
A point and click adventure where the protagonist shoots all their problems.
A video chat app that almost normal except it will apply more filter when it detect fallacy.
games that compete to have the worst graphics but still be fun enough people want to play, which they can use as proof their gameplay is so great it overcomes the intentionally bad graphics, then when they have a million players, upgrade the graphics
A button like caps lock that instead capitalizes every other letter “So YoU cAn SoUnD sArCaStIc!”
Make old chrome books updatable so they can be donated (and useful) to students without computers.
Rickroll people with the Just Dance version so they don't recognize the link.
A worldwide non-political database that tracks EVERY action a politician takes in office.
Next time you meet someone who defends Donald Trump, start the conversation with "Did you hear they just found out when Obama was in office, &lt;insert current Donald Trump allegations here&gt;?". After you get their reaction, reveal to them that its actually about the currently sitting president.
Convince someone April 1st is actually April 2nd so they think the missed April Fool's and don't pull any pranks on anyone else.
Corona, but like not bad
Zoom should add Twitch emotes for online lectures
Each contestant eliminated from The Great British Bake-Off becomes the main ingredient for the following week’s technical challenge round.
Curtains, where they attach to the rod, should have magnets and the stitching in such a way, that if the curtain is yanked on, the top of the curtain opens/disconnects (preventing the curtain rod from breaking)
Replace all car bumpers with magnets. No more fender benders!
A music platform that goes into your psyche to generate playlists based off of the songs you maybe forgot about
A soundproof compartment in flights for people travelling without babies.
To counter government surveillance, we should all talk about doing illegal things over text, and search up tutorials on how to do illegal things
A pirate game where piracy of the game actually unlocks new features and paths you can't get by playing the game honestly
Biden appoints Trump as his Attorney General
I present to you, the ScutaLux
All cables associated with TVs, PCs, power supplies, etc. should be colored or patterned differently so that they don't confused with one another.
They should make an AR (Augmented Reality) app for Oculus type devices which allow city dwellers to see the night sky.
A machine that splits you into 2 people each with half as many years left to live, or can merge you back and add up the years left. So if you have alot of work to do, split off a whole football stadium of yous to get it done in an hour.
A retractable charging wire.
Genetically modify Watermelon seeds to produce watermelon with really big seeds and fall the new melon “Rockmelons”
Meme-less October.
Put a long pipe in slanting under the Pacific ocean connecting US and China. Use buoyancy to send items with zero emission.
A late night talk show that's broadcast live at 7am called The Late Late Late Late Late Late show. The host and all the guest are hungover or unconscious.
I'm a straight guy who wants to gain tits just for a heck of it. Then, I'll still act like a dude as I always did.
Figure out what in Antidepressants turns men from being a "Two Pump Chump" into a "Hundred Stroke Bloke" and market that as a pill without the lowered libido side effects. Then add in some Viagra and you will have the best selling pill on the planet.
Make a subreddit to download those "get the treasure" mobile ads
You should have individual karma for each different subreddit
Trump should move to MySpacePut a mousetrap on your gooch for no reason
People are punished with exactly the violent crime they are convicted of. If they killed someone they are killed the same way, if they raped someone they get the same trauma inflicted on them, ect. I think it'd make people think twice if they knew the same thing would happen to them.
A electromagnetic railway system that goes to every place insanely fast.
Have children with high IQ’s determine the laws in government.
App
implement a rule in r/unpopularopinion where any post that gets more than 1k upvotes it gets deleted
Those who like the Republican way can move to Mexico and those who like the Democrat way can move to Canada. The centrists and the unwilling to move can stay in MexiCan.
Make tasers really good so police won't need guns anymore.
A "Step-Fantasy" porn where Donald Trump fucks Ivanka Trump and his wife is a cuckqueen
A family friendly Rick and Morty spin-off about the adventures of Mr. Poopybutthole and his family on Cartoon Network.
Traffic lights that occasionally switch back to green from yellow
All advertisements on all social media have to have a bright red color bordering the advertisement, that way people know which posts to skip over.
18 year olds can't get drafted into a war unless they've had an opportunity to vote in a federal election. Otherwise an 18 year old could get drafted due to decisions made by the federal government that were elected into office 2 years ago when the 18 year old was only 16.
Motion sensors on streetlights. Each time the sensor is triggered, it also turns on the next light.
A virus from pornography websites that checks the users age and if they are under 18 and if they are funds their parents contact and emails them to let them know.
Create a reverse-chastity belt such that it keeps you and your partner in sexual intercourse.
Create a new language that when written is extremely succinct and get it widely adopted so that speedrunners can shave off even more time in games.
Make actual bite sized chips. That way you don't look like a pig while trying to maneuver a whole chip into your mouth at a party.
History Classes that get Taught Through Reenactments and Demonstrations Instead of Lectures
Dress up like Robin Hood, go to your local store and take all but one toilet paper pack out of hoarders carts and redistribute them to those waiting in line.
A slow reality show where 2 species of invasive plants are fighting for territory,
An elderly mode on iPhone designed with various old people worldwide to improve their functionality and their confidence in using phones
Pay to advice for a breakup
Treat terminally ill patients like shit so they actually want to die
Create a bot on the internet that provides Too Long to Read summaries.
A Shopping App
N95 mask donations could be potentially used as free advertising.
Fun Office Games For Employees|Indoor Games For Office|Upendup|Bangalore
Reddit gives everyone an award they can only give once in their life, making it like the ultimate award.
A movie about vampires but they can't drink blood from a different type than theirs
Every month, let's pick some famous, influential person who is near the end of their life and publically honor them. We fall over ourselves praising these people right after they die, why not actually let them hear it.
Onlyfans Posts
Making Financial Literacy Accessible
The US government needs to create a new specialized team dedicated to watching The Simpsons to help us predict the future.
Have a 3rd ad on YouTube that shows 15-30 seconds of a little known YouTube channel.
All commercials and ads should be companies sponsoring PSAs or short films that send good messages.
Rudimentary is a big word for a simple thing
cigarette but instead of nicotine its caffeine.
Open a really high class restaurant that only serves fast food meals but high quality
Change the rules in sports so that if a team forfeits, they win by default. That way during the pandemic professional sports leagues can still run their competitions, it's just a contest of who can forfeit the quickest.
DaBaby should have mosh pits at his concerts since he’s always swinging on his fans
Use stink bombs to break up large gatherings of people during the Covid crisis.
Add a feature to Reddit that lets people post anonymously so the constant hoop of throwaway accounts can be skipped.
Breaking into vacant houses and seeding them with black mold, or boiling gallons of urine in giant pots to permanently make the house smell
Reddit should make a time machine mode so users can get a sense about how right/wrong/valuable/worthless the upvoted comments were with more perspective.
Michael Scarn and Bert Macklin do a movie together.
A "watched it" feature on netflix so you dont have to keep scrolling through movies you've already seen.
There should be a device that you can pee in, and it will take your pee somewhere else
Everyone knows kids watch porn. Why not watch it with yours, and explain the inaccuracies as you go?
A bidet that shoots out luke warm water, and then also shoots out luke warm air to dry your asshole off after it cleans.
If a police officer is caught doing something shady, you do a full investigation of them and their commanding officer, including all past arrests and testimonies.
Get-togethers to infect children and families with coronavirus, like the chicken pox immunizations of the past, sponsored by Corona beer.
Steal #MAGA from conservatives to represent a return to a better USA
Come on down to my new country-western bar The Filthy Horse
How To Make The USA Great Again With Real Direction By The Messiah
Hypercolor hot air balloons
3d4d
Best Laptops For Running Virtual Machine.
Japan should go ahead with the Olympics, but have ordinary local citizens enter in/do the events. It would be entertaining, different, and many people would watch this from home.
A sweet with different flavors intentionally being variously common, like in an RPG.
Online stores make a function that, when an item sells out, it automatically reduces the marked price to a really good sale price.
You get an asteroid in space that is big enough to hold the world hostage both economically and physically.
A dog collar, but you can pull on a little loop that sticks out, and the collar would unravel into a leash.
Watch your life flash before your eyes
A national registry of people who refuse to wear masks.
Has anyone ever made a weapon from a car windshield metal tab? Those things are like hardened spring steel and can be 3 feet long. Like...I'm thinking a whip maybe.
An international site like reddit, but one where Americans don't assume that everyone else is American
What if you could use your music to understand and manage your moods?!
Officially call this pandemic World War 3
Google, but the results are pertinent to the age range the user is in
Replace monetary speeding tickets with time penalties
Imagine a VR headset but you use your hands for your hands in your game
Every city should start a second police department which has strict hiring requirements and which is not part of the police union. The old police department is gradually defunded over time and that money channeled into the new PD.
A reality/competition show called "Jack of all Trades"
In some alternate universe police are known for loving brownies instead of doughnuts. They are also often accused of discriminating against the round people with holes in their middle.Pay young people to be infected for Covid-19.
Pay off all outstanding education debt for nurses and doctors fighting coronavirus.
All these airlines that are taking government subsidies to keep their shareholders rich use their parked planes to save what food can be saved, and do something to help repair the breakdown of the global supply chain.
Candidates should be anonymous during political debates using numbered names and voice changers
Instead of jail...
Politics in VR
An Ant Man prequel. Hank Pym is Ant Man, and played by Peter Dinklage.
Remove all stay at home orders and create a list of people who are violating social distancing rules and have them banned from using healthcare facilities.
Start taking away peoples rights to vote
What if global warming is really the earth raising its core temperature to fight off the virus that’s slowly killing it?
Its dangerous for speed limits to be higher, cuz cars arent designed to drive faster safely, cuz speed limits are so low why design a better car. Instead, add more danger by everyone driving faster so theres a reason to make safer cars for that speed.
Everyone pm me a pic of your social security card
Reddit permanently (you can’t undo it) blocking any user you report to cut down on waves of reporting “fraud” since they’ll never see a post by the reported user again.
Start calling people who freak out about wearing masks "Corona Extra."
Have Halloween Once per Month After Covid
Lightning Energy
Burger Chain called Five Sluts !
Put nicotine in toothpaste to encourage brushing
Any sports that require a ball of any sort also require that ball to be heavily greased.
Put in a “backroom adult section “ on Netflix with original big budget pornos with intriguing plots and big name actors/actresses. Call it Nutflix.
On April 1st, everyone shall google search “Never gonna give you up.” This will confuse the YouTube algorithm hopefully
Hunger games for drag queens who think they’re about to be on Rupaul Drag Race.
monopoly prices that its a crime not to pay
A 'Memorial Mode' on Reddit which, when activated, disables any karma from a post you make about someone's death
Rick Steve's explores Europorn
Inspire programmers to create a system which reverse traces covid19's spread via stories submitted by survivors detailing how they think they got it, when and where.
All fast food "Essential Workers" take this pandemic crisis to Unionize.
The human spirit is the most powerful thing in the universe, aliens came here a minute ago in order to turn the most powerful force in the universe against itself and heres where we find ourselves now.
Corona gives hand sanitizer with every 6-pack
Organize a concert and make four types of ticket, cheap but genuine, cheap and fake, expensive and genuine, expensive but fake. Have the distributor claims that they are real one and make other fake.
Allow junk food wrappers to be used to pay for the treatment of nutritional diseases, funded by the junk food companies.
Every time that Darwin Award is given to someone for taking themselves out of the gene pool, a Ku cluck clown award needs to be given to someone who has procreated and wrecked the gene pool.
App to estimate guy/girl ratio at a bar.
Put small explosive devices in the heads of the card board cut out people at mlb games that are triggered when hit by the baseball.
a tv show where cops are secretly filmed just doing their job, people rarely get shot, and they fill out alot of paperwork
To become a US president you MUST spend 8 years in a specialized university, studying &amp; learning every aspect of the job so you are completely prepared for the responsibilities. Only graduates are able to run for President and/or Vice President.
We are our own Gods
A restaurant called “ I don’t care” so when ur friends say I don’t care there is a place to go
Democrats should stop running candidates in deep red states and let a third party like libertarians run against the Republicans
We find a deserted island. We boot all Karens, anti-maskers, anti-vax, etc people there. We put Donald Trump with them to govern them all.
Rent-A-Hobby idea
2-party governments should just flip a coin to see who gets to be in charge and be done with it.
You can't set the volume to 5's (10, 35, etc) just to piss off people like me
A twitter bot that analyzes Elon Musk's tweets and predicts the stock price of Tesla accordingly
We finally get on that space ship that Steven Hawkins was talking about and get the hell off this planet
A game of infection where a person with Covid is released into a room with healthy people, and the last person to catch Covid wins
A reddit bot that replies to all posts mentioning rain, including Rainn Wilson, saying "rain rain go away"
A movie that is advertised and starts as a typical action movie but at the end the main character dies and fails to prevent the apocalypse then the sequel is a post apocalypse distopia movie. Cast Dwayne Johnson as the main character to really sell it as an action movie.
Make it a tax-enforced crime to be a billionaire. No one needs that much money but the rest of us could use more
Go to a karaoke bar. Pick 'Sweet Caroline'. At the trumpet part, shout at the audience "You're all sheep!".
There should be a salary cap for people who lobby Congress
Restaurants should post a daily video tour of their kitchen! The tour would show the food storage and prep surfaces, stove tops, floors and whatever. Customers then could decide if the restaurant is clean enough to eat at.
My new political party: we repurpose the military industrial complex and boston dynamics to build 8-foot as-non-lethal-as-possible humanoid robots that are remotely piloted by our armed forces. The robots will have detachable cables in the small of their backs. They will be purple, green and black.
We have world wide legal drug weeks.
Tiki Barber should open a combination tiki bar/barbershop.
Right handed Reddit. Currently on reddit mobile the upvote button is on the left side, meaning holding the phone on your left hand gives you easy access to both scrolling and upvotes easily, while holding the phone in your right hand gives you easy access to scroll
Instead of rebooting movies, tell them from a different characters perspective!
Smellable Videos
I want somebody to go into my profile, scan my post and comment history. Then process it and comment their thoughts on it. Should I continue with Ressit?? It's been just over a week now.
On birthdays, instead of the Happy Birthday song, from now everyone sings the Red Robin version.
WARD-NA-2
ALL PEOPLE PROTESTING SHOULD MAKE A HORIZONTAL LONG SHIELD WHICH HAS A BAR ACROSS SO EVERYONE CAN GRAB ON TO FOR ADDITIONAL STRENGTH TO PROTECT THEM FROM COPS WHO ARE INITIATING VIOLENCE BY MOVING UP TOWARD INNOCENT PROTESTORS.
email that lets each person lie about when they sent it once per month, and "prove" that it was sent then. Why didnt you tell me sooner? You're a week late. I did. Check your email. I sent that the next day after you asked for it.
A competition every year in which the winner gets publicly executed for the world to see! - "The Biggest Asshole of the Year Award!"
Advertise "Fresh Rabbit Stew" at a roadside stop with a cute, live bunny on display near the sign. Allow people to "rescue" the bunny from becoming stew by buying it from you.
New neural vocabularies?
Dog stilts
Instagram accounts
Chewing gum that's flavored like pizza or chocolate or nacho cheese chips.
A sitcom about a young bachelor dentist who likes to party and have a good time, but lives next to a grumpy old neighbor who always gets pulled into his shenanigans. Call it, “Dentist the Menace.”
Have police departments hand out prizes to the officers who kill the most black people
Break Joe Exotic out of jail and have him breed pandas back from the brink of extinction.
The last family member to be ready sitting at the table at dinner time has to set the table
Have Chris Hansen to host the Academy Awards
what if some mad b***ard found means to create a tv serialised version of the comic "crossed"
When an actor dies, new versions of all their movies should be released with themselves digitally replaced by a ghost.
Mental Checks
Get pictures of every person expressing support for Trump currently to shame them later
All court trials are resolved by wizard 101 duels.
What if we invaded Tiktok?
Jeff Bezos should buy the naming rights to the Red Skins’ stadium from FedEx and rename it “Weirdly Racist Stadium”
Abolish two-way traffic.
Be The Six Foot Distance Dude.Just go around town with a bullhorn telling people to keep 6 feet away from each other!
Publicly announce that you will kill people as often as you can whenever it's legal. If there's a gray area, you approach it in killing more often as far as you believe you have barely entered the gray area so are obeying the law.
Use a Ouija Board to contact the spirits of dead Dinosaurs and ask them what life in the Jurassic period was really like.
Play Michael Jackson's "Heal the World" song at any time during the presidential ceremony for Biden
If we use simp as a politically charged term we could probably get Trump to add it to his vocabulary
Foot latches for toilet cubicles.
You should have to watch a certain amount of time in a YouTube video in order to like/dislike videos
An "End of the Year Astrology Roundup" where astrologers meet up and compare their predictions for the past year and see how wildly inaccurate they turned out to be
Making third person view possible irl by wearing a VR-headset and having a drone that’s programmed to always fly a few feet behind you
Start serious research into whether or not different cat body parts are quantumly linked to other cats.
A porn app exactly like Tik Tok format but called ‘Dick Cock’
Retailers should enforce a limit on the amount of essential items (tp, soap) an individual can buy for the time being
Make presidency a very low paying job.
What if we took millions of young healthy people and isolated them from society and infected them all with COVID-19. Give them a few weeks to recover and bring them back into society. They’d be effectively immune to the virus and massively reduce its spread.
Moves and tv shows should become free after x amount of time
Feedback requested on a project to automate viral discovery fieldwork.
Run political debates and speeches on a time delay so facts can be checked and overlays can appear to highlight false or misleading info
become a fast food employee for the fame of many thousands of people ordering food from you
What if we start spreading SARS so everyone will forget about COVID-19
A champagne cork with fireworks inside that go off as you pop it
A company that acts more like a government plan
DIY 6 ideias incríveis para pascoa: Decoração estilo coelho projetos bar...
strip-clip-fed fixed box magazine shotgun
After all critical patients have been delivered the vaccine, set up vaccination booths in the clubs, cinemas and theatres. Pay admission, get a shot and get vaccinated. Then, enjoy a smidge of the old amenities we've grown to miss so much this year
If everyone in the world tried LSD properly, the world could be a better place
Free website with unlimited QR Codes
IKEA should make like easy build block houses
A universal list of approved names (and spellings) for babies. If you want to name your kid something not on the list, it has to be approved by 75% of the population
Pass a law to force cops, news anchors, and politicians to wear clown makeup while working
International Agreements especially when it comes to military/arms should not be allowed to be made longer than the sitting politicians term.
A reality show where couples work out their relationship issues while hungry and driving to a new location without GPS
Coronavirus suppositories as a "poor man's vaccine".
Now is the time
Explosive reactive golf clubs
How about instead of having a day off for a useless holiday like presidents day we make election day a day off
Make adoption easier but give no money for it
Horror Movies/Tv Shows in which at the last second have a random hero from another movie/ TV show save the Day.
A pocket device that can display every statistics about you, and it can be everything, just ask for it...
A customizable alarm for your dog that reminds you to feed, walk, and play with your pup. That will occasionally express existential dread.
Heres a crazy idea: WE DON'T SCREW THE EARTH UP.
Vegans/vegetarians why not start nonprofit food manufacturing or retail companies that only exist to drive vegan and vegetarian food prices down?
Clothing websites should have a visual size filter. Have models of each size all model the same item in their size so you can see (generally) what that item would look on your body type.
Start posts at two upvotes instead of one, so one hater or a bot can't drive a post down to zero right away.
Make a helicopter ride company named Kobe and market it to thrillseekers
Mandatory Abortions now.
Cleancrastonate - Verb - to clean as an act of procrastination. Cleanmraxstonate - to only clean when you should be doing something else
Genetically engineer bees to make chocolate instead of honey
remove the drinking age, make it so you have to graduate high school to legally drink. Increase graduation rates all over the country.
Polygraph all candidates during all Presidential debates
OTHAWAIFU, a replacement for TIFU for people who obligatory this happened a while ago to
Take half the police budget and give it to people who would have stolen due to having so little money
I have invented the strongest metal alloy ever! It truly withstands the test of time, all the way until the heat death of the universe and beyond. And I have patented it STRICTLY to create rugged, trustworthy hand tools, and nothing BUT rugged, trustworthy hand tools...
Dig a gargantuan hole &amp; put a ginormous trampoline over it
If there was ever a good time for a Mega-Heist (like Die-Hard 3) then now is it
Rename Alabama to Al-Abama.
Instead of signing petitions for Johnny Depp, go to Warner Bros.’ YouTube channel and report the user (channel). Hit them in their wallets.
Getting a teardrop tattoo on your face and everytime somebody asks what it means you have to add another one.
Everybody give Zoom a one star rating in the App Store. Supposedly it will get removed.
A plumbing company that only hires male strippers. Why not get your pipes cleaned while you get your pipes cleaned?
Larry Butz as a final criminal in Ace Attorney series
Replace your dick with a light switch, so whenever you're near a light source you can flick your switch to turn them on
Tie a helicopter down and run its propeller in reverse and use it to levitate brave people half way between the ground and the propeller
Special Provisions in all Universities for the Graduating Batch of 2020
Save your receipts from every time you do self checkout, and send a bill to each store at the end of the year, claiming that by having you do the work of an employee, they have employed you, so they owe you back wages.
change name to next president-become the guy that reads the book to the new president for the president to repeat the verses-boom, free president
Let's make the young ones grow safely inside their mothers and equip the mothers with means to nourish them, once they are born to enhance the survival of the species.
I have all these bamboo chopsticks from Japanese takeout that I can't use because I don't know how to. I'm gonna sharpen them into skewers for grilling meat &amp; veggie skewers.
Software that generates multiple story lines based on a few inputs from the writer - like generating multiple recipes based on a set of few ingredients
Someone makes a game with only items from r/Itemshop
A professional prostitution league, where girls compete on teams for points by doing tricks.
A game with no level system but instead you gain your strength from activity but it can deteriorate from inactivity. You only obtain special items by defeating mini-bosses.
Headstones for cynical nihilists
For $5 I will dial into your Zoom meeting so that you can use me as an excuse to end a meeting.
Create a game which you can upload your boss pic and torture him 😈
Extend the quarantine period until climate change is dealt with
A giant Oreo the shape of a PS4.
International boycott to bar China and native Chinese from traveling overseas or even enter China for 3 years until they stop eating exotic bugs, bats, snakes, placentas, bird spit, monkey brains etc. Also up their hygiene and pollution practices to intl standards.
Make skin color a condition of employment, not which color it is, but that it has a color at all, aka no robots
Let's rename the virus to Corn Virus everytime someone mentions it on an AskReddit thread.
Electromagnetic suspension oven
Every 50 years we kick every politician out of office and they can't run again.
A reddit sorting system that mixes hot and controversial.
Children are our future; so only under-18s should be allowed to vote.
Earphones that do not tangle in your pocket.
Self driving bikes
Farm human brains to work on a CAPTCHA-solving facility
Towels with a designated genitalia drying side and a face drying aide.
Masterchef but each participant has to cook a dish to make puke judges.
If you had the power to pause time for 30 seconds at will, what would you do ? (Followed by a 10 minute cool down)
All lawyers are now public defenders, so wealth doesn't affect the outcome of a trial.
Reflective democratic system
Slip POTUS an executive order disguised as a contest entry form printed on the inside of a cereal box. Have him legalize all drugs.
To make money, dress up like the CoronaVirus, and charge people $10 per slap to slap you in the face.
Combat QAnon with 2Anon: Trump worked with Soros and the Left to get elected and hasten the GOP's ruin.
a religion where your reward is things dont get worse, and there no better place like heaven, just living here or reincarnating here, but if you sin you go to a slightly worse place and cant get back, so each sin makes your existence permanently a little worse, and hell tightens it grip by each sin
We can rewrite GOT S8 if we make threads for each episode where people write short synopses and then combine the top comments from each thread.
All car beds need to come with some sort of radio, so everyone with a car bed can talk to each other
Have P.R.I.D.E. appropriate MAGA as "Make America Gay Again", invalidating the apparel purchases of an entire political party
Electronic waste junkyard
This goes out to the girls-Instead of breast implants, speakers.
A talented animator should make a YouTube video revealing Joe Biden and Kamala Harris are really Pinky and The Brain in robotic suits. (Pinky being Biden, obviously.) It would explain everything!A Star Wars film but in the point of view of the empire, set after death star (we see the fall out) or after VI (on the run) .
During the debates candidates should be able to bring up videos of times people’s contradicted themselves
A Debt Shaming Website/App
Instead of criticizing Trump for literally everything he does, compliment and really commend those that are doing an amazing job.
Replace phone numbers with static IPs, and delete having a phone on a phone. (My logic within)
Gaming platforms pirate emulators and roms of their own software and release them on console as full backwards compatibility.
F*ck! Sh*t! Tw*t! T*ts! C*nt! B*tch! As a society we should immediately stop censoring language because you said all of those words in your head anyway, just as you would have if you had read the words, so what’s the point of censoring? It doesn’t work: I just proved it.
A museum of food history that doubles as a restaurant. If you wanna see what people ate in the 17th century you can order it for yourself.
A constitutional amendment that if any president uses false information to start a war, he must go to jail for the same amount of time as the war.
Dye your hair green and use them as green screen
An app which will undo the deceptive, wide-angle pictures on realty websites.
Ban restaurants from serving gold leaf on their food
We are beings constructed of acoustical sound .who exist closer to absolute zero than to the median temperature. Do we have to exist at such a low temperature to slow sound down enough to solidify?
Port flash games into mobile games
A tv show where the main plot is boring, but a more interesting plot is developing amongst the background characters.
Retroactive Car Insurance
The Government has Massively Screwed Up in Addressing the Coronavirus. To Address This, We Need a Large National Protest Movement
Since Trump is refusing to send medical supplies to states, we should sue the federal government for negligence.
Rehab, but for sugar
As adverts have been added to the Rick Roll video, hide the video title until the advert has ended.
A Youtube section where you can ask for video suggestions and other users can repy. You can also use some filters, like "only show to users that have watched 'this' video".
A Bluetooth old school home phone for your smartphone
A home made realistic Solar System Model with paper and balls.
Let's make LEL stand for "laughing even louder", as the best response to LOL.
"Always skip ad" preference setting in Youtube
Have a shot everytime the characters touch their faces in the movie Face Off
A Plague Inc. game mode where you play as WHO and try to stop coronavirus
From now on ALL movies that are remakes must use the entire original cast (if a cast member has died then too bad the cast stays the same) and it’s a 1:1 shot remake as well. Basically just the original film will older or *missing actors.
At some point someone will throw up seeing the insides of an electrical appliance just like disection today.
Revving up now in every major US city. The Great War, for this generation! Starring as Germany, aged beauty Queen-USA,inhabiting the role of Hitler Former Pageant owner D Trump!Watch closely as the good guys win again while the media owners and dealers of arms and weapons of hate get even richer.
Now would be a good time for us (who have been working for the rich while living in poverty) to demand higher wages and better hours for the workweek. The ball is in our court. If we all did it together it would work.
Let every illegal immigrant fight in Iran by their choice and give them citizenship after the war is over.
If you built a community from scratch, how would you remove the need for authority?
The most humane execution method would be a flat, cylindrical room which has a piston activated ceiling that closes with 100 tons of force in 0.05 seconds, similar to how we kill a bug without leaving it to suffer.
A game show where you have to not eat for 3 days.
Marry your cat, accuse it of cheating on you and then take half of it's fur in the divorce.
Restaurants should be required to include photos of every item on the menu
A cooking show where the host just sorta wings it. In part 2 of each episode a professional chef explains what went wrong while holding in their frustration.
Silicon valley should have an exodus to Wyoming for the remainder of the corona virus pandemic
a new vr spore title.
We should replace "No Nut November" with "Forget Fapping February" for medical reasons
If you get into a knife fight you should wear pineapple rinds as armor
Sell coffins with the letter F vinyl
Idea for a comedy sketch/series of a woman who constantly tries to prove how classy she is, but inevitably avalanches downward to her true nature as a whore and a clumsy drunk, and ultimately a manipulative psycho.
Turn your garage into a giant dishwasher but for your car.
Eric André should moderate the next debate.
If you reject medical science’s recommendations on how to avoid Covid-19 and contract the virus, you should be forced to the back of the line before you seek treatment from those same medical professionals.
Buy three hundred chickens from a farm. Create a giant hot air balloon and use it to spray the chickens all over said farm.
An app that tests your BAC before matching you with others to drunkenly talk about cool stuff
Disney releases "Frozen 3: Global Warming"
If food was sentient and wanted to be eaten the garbage can would be it's jail for the crime of falling on the floor.
Just make it temporarily illegal to go out and do anything period so that people stay home for once.
Sub Memberships Capped by Mod Team Size
Everytime a company shrinkflates their product most of the package gets slapped with a black and white waring label showing the size decrease and the price increase
A baby torture chamber that reacts to their incessant crying and shoots their own pee at them so they will stop crying 🤣... little fuckers!
Prophet Muhammad Vs Buddha - “Speak good or remain silent" Vs "Better .. one word bring peace"
Let out Joe exotic on the condition that he takes part in a show
Don’t attempt to build new hospitals, to fill the upcoming room shortages. Convert the soon to be vacant dorm rooms to temporarily hospital rooms.
The entire world takes 2 months per year quarantining to let the planet recover from our impact.
Snap Chat Filter On The Self Checkout Camera
Help my dream / just look at my IMDB :)
Tell everyone they will all get a pizza party once we get covid 19 under control. It worked to get me to read more in 4th grade.
If someone makes a fake post on instagram then you could report it and a facebook moderater would set it permanently set it as they're profile picture with the word "fake" in bold letters
A game show where a group of people go on a lotr- esque adventure larp and need to work together to achieve their goal
Every country is required to teach the same language so that people from different countries can speak with every other country.
We should invite Mexico into statehood in the United States
US Government should pass a bill to relocate the capitol over the next 40 years, as DC will be flooded at high tide by then.
There should be shark farming, just like fisheries
You could write off as much of you want from your first (1m?) but above that every dollar is taxed and this applies to everyone.
Instead of selling all your old games to game stop for less than a dollar, there should be a service that distributes them and old systems and pretty much anything we are fortunate to have that is not essential, to third world countries and less fortunate places
A service like Uber but you get to drive
Mobile version
Scratch-and-sniff cheese menus
Parallel universe through mirrors
Go to a barber, ask for longer hair
Play Trump’s Bob Woodward interview during one of his rallies.
Delivery doorbell
A site like Famous Birthdays, but with smash bros mains instead of birhdays
A contract system where every American is a member of every branch of the military.
New ideas for alarm design:
Send your college post cards with your venmo, inviting them to donate to your continued success.
Every year the richest person in America is declared a "winner of capitalism." They get a badge. Then all of their wealth is donated to charity and they have to start over from $ 0.
After the 007 example, make the next Rambo a woman
Donating old games/consoles to schools as prizes to encourage students to get higher grades.
Google Street View Driving Game
Apartment complexes where properties can only be bought if you are under a certain age, let’s say 35.
An app that tells you how much damage is done to your device after a drop.
Make a porno out of the sex scenes in horror films that happen before the maniac shows up to kill the people having sex
Make blankets shaped like plus-signs, so you can always tuck parts of it underneath the mattress to keep it from going anywhere while you toss and turn.
Run for the 2024 US election as the most racist, anti-leftist, sexist person imaginable, becoming the second coming of Trump. Once in the office, push for free education and healthcare, possibly UBI.
Instead of a discount, restaurants increase the bill for police officers in uniform.
Sell milk in five gallon buckets
Give LSD to someone with aphantasia
Poaching is legal provided you can kill the animal with your bare fist
Rich people should wear cryptocurrency wallets like necklaces because they could literally have billions of dollars hanging from their necks.
So a movie, like Airbud, but the opposite. A kid with an above average ability to walk on all fours enters the international dog show to beat out the competition. Let’s call it Airkid
Reddit should give us a warning before we cross the post limit
Agree to open back up the economy if all of Congress agrees to infect themselves with Coronavirus.
Dean Norris (hank from breaking bad) as Jason. I know he’s old but it could really work.
A corporation that owns a law firm and a sales team. The sales team sells people timeshares and the law firm helps people get out of their contracts. You could sell someone the timeshare, and then charge them to get them out of it.
MTV Cribs but focused on famous filmmakers showing off their home theaters and film collections.
Make the music in movies the same volume as the speech, or vice versa
"Antibody concerts" where people who've recently had covid can go to concerts just like before since they can't spread/catch it for about 90 days
Two dishwashers in every house. One for clean and one for dirty. So we can all skip the moronic step of putting them back in cupboards.
Let Trump Win
Post Apocalyptic Pawn Stars (Coronavirus Edition)
If you have identical twin boys you should circumcise one but not the other. That way if you mix them up as babies you can figure out which one was named what
Add an alternate ending to every movie, and have them play at random, so you genuinely don't know if the good guys are going to succeed until the end.
Spread a rumor that COVID-19 can cause homosexuality so Conservative Christians take it more seriously
Halo 3 Soundtrack - Finish the Fight
Everytime congress gives themselves a raise they raise the minimum wage.
Reddit should change their scrolling direction based on even or odd hours. If you swipe/scroll down during an even number the screen goes down and alternatively during odd hours you have to swipe/scroll up
1 The ebonic plague: A Chicago zombie movie where the zombies just get in your face and do gang signs endlessly, you can't move and you starve to death
Can we get a buddy cop movie with Betty White and Dolly Parton??
Triple A Game Idea
Snoring as a deterrent
Bullet proof breast implants
Post a photo of Samuel L Jackson with *stares motherfuckerly* caption and title on 21 December on every possible subreddit.
No statues of people ever again.
Replace all the nitrogen in the atmosphere with helium or neon gas. So everyone can still breathe, but we all have real funky voices.
If the government started sneaking gifts into peoples homes on Christmas, they could trick people into actually believing in Santa. Then they could start cults that kill off all the naughty coal getters, creating a utopia of only nice people.
Funeral homes should DNA test every body they get and send it to a database. Hundreds of cold cases would get solved.
Be able to tell Google you were laid off so all Google ads turn into job openings.
The game show “Jeopardy” should allow rich famous people to pay a huge donation fee to get their names to be made into the answer to a question, and the proceeds donated 100% to cancer cure research.
Convertible coffin-beds. For when you wanna sleep tonight or forever.
Artificial muscle with alcohol / gasoline vapor.
Democratic donors should focus their donations on centrist Republicans primarying Republican candidates from Red States
Make all males get a vasectomy at age 13. When they want kids, they go to the doctor with their female and are allowed to reverse it.
Yeah I'm good thanks mate hat now and the to go on the weekend and I have to go to the doctors tomorrow to see if they can come and doing 1you are u working on and how do do they get it a fun 1 yo it doing 1you you are so uphat and you are that it is hard that it 24 2 12 it off h more fun and a bit
We have a Throwback Day, where all the dead, stale memes of the 2010s are revived and used, to commemorate the end of the decade.
Make dreams multiplayer
Tell old people that "Booty call" actually means "Butt Dial"..and vice versa.
any funny ideas for a tiktok?
HTC, Valve, AT&amp;T and Boston Dynamics should team of to create remote controlled robots for people with disabilities.
A (photo-realistic CGI) movie about wild animals realising they're being filmed by National Geographics
An energy-saving oven that pumps surplus heat into the house's ventilation system for passive heating
Getting a Girlfriendnd
A tutorial on how to make jelly-filled donuts. Except they’re rice balls, and they’re always being referred to as jelly-filled donuts.
How about device that can go into your right hand or forehead, that could be used as a sort of credit card.
strategic infection with coronavirus
If lost in the wild and not too far off from civilization, as soon as you have the most basic needs (water, shelter, food) focus on cutting down as many big leaves as you can. Then, build a big fire and create a huge smoke cloud which should be noticed quite easily by people looking for you.
Crowdfunded porn
just a theory: the world of the Mad Max Movies is just the USA in near futur. The rest of the planet is ok.
Change the American flag's colors from red white and blue to red white and platelets
Ban all advertising on Facebook 30 days before an election
a website we’re you can watch crappy indian movies, nice content indeed 😎
Require a formal medical license to practice reiki, faith healing, and homeopathy.
MMA played with a standard dummy
School is getting cancelled for the rest of the year in many places, so let's start calling next year 2020 and start over, it's not like it matters, we do it with our clocks a couple times a year.
A toilet that if does not get it all flushed- auto flushes again once the thank if filled.
Gatorade but with a bunch of caffeine.
Instead of selling Confederate license plates/flags, sell such things using the various battle standards of the Union army.
How to Clean Yellowness of Transparent Mobile Cover | Clean Silicon Cover at Home
We should divide the known quantity of water on earth by the number of humans, that would leave each of us responsible for approximately 0.177 km³ of water each (1,386billion km³ / 7,819billion people).
crazy python script
Pre-dunked Oreos: Oreos already dunked in milk
Reddit needs to have an option to make changes to a removed post, and repost it instead of making a brand new post.
A litter box that doubles as zen garden
The Reddit community it should start a solid crazy rumour that Trump started coronavirus.
My new restaurant "Burger Joint", where you can get high and eat a bunch of delicious mouthwatering hamburgers... that ALSO get you high!
Blast the moon in half just like a fossil, see if it contains any Nautilus fucking Moon Fossils
HERE is an crazy idea to get your first 1000 views on your blog easily within a week, and it is what I have personally used
All political candidates should be required to take the political compass test on national television.
Undercover members the public. The opposite of undercover police officers. They wear police uniforms but they're not police.
Multi-olympics: a combination of all olympic sports where your rating is determined by your worst placing.
Allow anyone (especially women) to optionally charge tax on sex, but its not whoring since their price is still $0+tax, and they get to choose which charity that tax goes to.
Escalator but moves only when a person steps on it
A death investment account. This account would be completely tax free and cannot be taxed after transferred to family members or during it's use at a store. You accumulate as much money as you think you need to cover your own funeral and then when the day comes, this money is allowed to be used.
People should send appropriately sized blocks of random characters to Bitcoins scammers (so that the scammers will waste time and energy trying to make the bogus Bitcoins work).
Face glow mask
Quarian-style environmental suits to protect us from the Corona
un potty train yourself
We are in WW3
Essays should have a minimum number of clauses instead of a minimum number of sentences.
The be-all end-all Interpretation for Quantum Mechanics
Anyone who didn't obey stay at home orders and who aren't essential workers should be put at the back of the line for treatment
New Idea - Spongebob horror movie. A man on a submarine is stuck below near Bikini Bottom, where all it's citizens try to kill the protagonist.
Wanting Trump to feel good because he is human and capable of change!
Poo-phoria that causes uncontrollable orgasms
Rehab but for Burnout
There should be a game/site/app where people could sing sea chantys together with random people.
Snickers but without the penis veins.
"The BIKErowave"- Because why just EAT on the go when you can Prepare, Cook AND Eat on the go?
A follow-up show to 'Breaking Bad' where Flynn (Walter White's son) takes up the mantle of justice, and fights against drug dealers as a Vigilante
Ctrl+Caps capitalizes the first letter of every word, Ctrl+Alt+Caps capitalizes every other letter. Could be useful functions.
A twitter bot that points out logical fallacies.
A holographic solution to zoos, circuses, and similar establishments.
This pandemic is the perfect excuse to bring back Milk Men. And maybe afterwards we can actually keep them a thing, because I don't understand why they ever went out of business.
My new ejectile dysfunction miracle remedy Nut So Fast isn't getting picked up by ANY major retailers! Any suggestions?
Bus route recorder!!!
The Bus system has one big chance to up bus ridership here when jobs are allowed again, watch as they screw it up
A random website button that takes you to any website in existence.
Bedsheets should have location tags on the corners?
Following in from GME it looks like everyone’s going to buy silver (Ag) next. We should too. #silversqueeze #silvershortsqueeze
Play Russian Roulette with a Glock.
An algorithm for Facebook that makes an exception to their community standards for the use of the N-word, if the skin color of the person who posted it is dark enough.
1. Organize a group of a bunch of people 2. Infiltrate conspiracy forums (QAnon etc) 3. Start spouting even crazier conspiracy theories 4. Overrun their forums with conspiracies so crazy they hang up their hats and go back to being normal fucking humans
A restaurant called The Ballshack that serves a huge variety of meatballs in all different forms.
In b4 vaccine is actually future lab virus released by the plutocrats to finally bring global population to 500 million, and only the people that take it will survive
The NFL should install on-field plastic partitions.
Add momentum to FPS games.
The sick dick: a filter to stop unsolicited dick pics
A day where two TV networks trade programs.
Wear a virtual reality headset all day, every day for the rest of your life. No longer acknowledge the existence of the "real" world.
If you dont have disinfectant spray or wipes, you could technically bring a soap foam bottle, a bottle of water and a towel with you. You could soak the towel with soap and water and clean your products if you go shopping
A random subreddit coming through and saving a life - actually. Could it happen?
A business called Black and White's Smithery
Politicians should get minimum wage
A popcorn bag that lets you leave it inside the microwave enough to get all popcorn and no seeds, but without burning the rest that already popped.
Sega should make an MMORPG based on Sonic Forces, where players can digitally recreate OC's they've drawn or made in the game.
Do you exist? I have no idea whether you exist, this is the easiest way to find you.
Stop using this sub for political commentary
Social Policy: The Reality show!
each unicode emoji is its own top level domain like .com .net .io ... like comegetsome.⚽ and eatmore.🐓
Every movie and tv show, no matter where it streams, has a comment section.
Go the opposite of the common trope of characters in movies looking too clean/pretty and have them look like absolute shit even though they should have taken a bath at some point in the story.
Invent soap bars that are buoyant in air to discourage molestation in prison
Prevent cancelled TV series and permanent cliffhangers
An election system where in incumbent is either voted out or voted to stay rather than the incumbent versus a Challenger.
Micro buttholes. I don't know what their function would be, but it's an issue no one is talking about so I figured I'd start the discussion.
A drone clone phone that will come find you when specific callers call and the distance between your phone and a tracker in your watch is greater than you've specified.
Spin the earth fast enough to change it to moon gravity near the equator
Make a crime show where every season goes over the same events but through another person's perspective
Reality TV show with one contestant out of large group is unknowingly being given progressively higher microdoces of LCD. Everyone has to guess which one from the group is being drugged. The twist? Everyone is being drugged
When the pandemic (or at least lockdown) ends (and it will) use the same kind of momentum that got Party In The USA and Bye Bye Bye charting because of the election to get For The First Time In Forever from Frozen (or at least a cover thereof) to chart
Getting Alicia Keys arrested by letting her sing “This Girl Is On Fire” in a crowded theater
What Will Happen If You Boil Cold Drinks ? || You Will Shock ? || Crazy Experiment ||
Linked In pro should be free if you're unemployed and looking for a job.
A notification tone plays "Nice" when your phone battery reaches 69%
The One that God Spared
Cut CO2 emissions by offering companies tax breaks for having more work-from-home employees.
Hunting lions, tigers, bears and elephants should be legal but you have to do it solo and you have to use your bare hands
Teach a monkey how to use tinder
I mean police have lives outside of work. Maybe cool clubs should start letting them in after work. Maybe they feel rejected because they're simpletons and can never get in.
Is it?
LG could release a phone called "BT" and make the world go crazy. THE LG BT PHONE.
Bluetooth toothbrush!
Let politicians redraw/gerrymander the land borders between U.S. states.
Hand out free bottles of bleach at the Trump rally.
At ATMs, they give you 2.5 if you deposit any amount of money
A YouTuber should do a review of all the ads on YouTube to see if YouTube will demonitize the video for not being "advertiser friendly" despite containing only content from those same advertisers
What if there was a PVP game, but every time you kill someone, you loose a power up, and gain another
There should be no minimum wage for felons, cuz its hard enough for them to get jobs as it is
Create an algorithm for Reddit to stop all the reposts... Including this one.
A subscription box that turns your house into an escape room
Only upvote girls in r/gonewild who show face.
Introduce Brawndo to the president. Tell him it’s what Rona craves.
If some Indian dude became a porno actor under the name Deepcock Chokeya
With Jeff besoz on track to becoming the first trillionaire , Elon musk should shift his net worth into another currency just to win race and the Internet for a day or 2
A social networking site where the only means of conversations is posting memes and commenting....with memes
Water bottle that requires internet connection
Instead of fucking around with a minimum wage, the US should just implement an "Essential employee minimum wage" since it turns out that all the minimum wage jobs are essential.
star wars is cringe af when you didnt grow up with it.
YouTube trend where the blogger orders something cool online and let’s the delivery driver keep it.
A super villain called "Mister Knife Guy". He just stabs random people and walks off, exclaiming "Have a KNIFE day".
Replace all the speed limit signs with ones 5mph lower, since everyone drives 5mph faster than posted.
Blocking a subreddit
Countdown for every movie/ show on streaming services when they will be removed from the platform.
Shorten sentences for prisoners who kill or injure convicted child molesters.
If giving an award is a super-upvote, add a paid super-downvote.
Selectivley breeding Ostriches into new big T-Rex like species
A very exhausting strategy game!
Niantic should include a "Pokemon stay home" mode in Pokemon Go to reward players for staying home.
In-flight refueling but for cars
*Chip* dip: a dip made entirely of chips.
WHO report into the pandemic raises more questions
heat rises, so to avoid hell heating up heaven, hell should be above heaven. Its just a cheaper air conditioning bill.
Next time you have a kinky hookup with someone, make the safe word the N-word
If you pay for multiple video services you should get to see all the shows in the same website and search results instead of them greedily making you find their shows and have to go out of your way to see the other shows
Stand on a high balcony in NYC with a megaphone and scream "alexa, make fart noises"
Petition the white house to keep stay-at-home orders in the United States in place during Easter
Everyone google “why is my pee red” at 1pm EST on December first.
If you were to go to Grey-Sloan Memorial hospital (Grey’s Anatomy) with a paper cut you would probably get diagnosed with a tumor or if you had an inoperable tumor it would be gone
When you pay you taxes you choose what the money is spent on.
A floor made out of MIT's transforming pin table so an entire apartment can be modular(movable walls, rooms furniture, etc.)
There should be a dating app which consists only of Reddit users.
Cash-strapped states with lotteries should have scratch-off tickets: If the ticket has an icon of a syringe, you get to cut the line and receive a COVID vaccination right away.
Soccer Golf
A word of the day app but instead of regular vocabulary words it’s for slang. Every day you learn a new slang phrase.
Double the number of covid vaccines available using placebos and see which one prevents more covid
Raffle worldwide!
Play the lottery instead of investing stocks.. all you need is one big win
Not free public transit but every citizen gets 1 round trip ticket per week, so they can use it for the unusual ride or the party or whatever but the second ride needs to be payed.
A sport like Kendo but for back-alley knife fights.
Reddit should create a "Jail" sub, where they lock up snarky commentators in for a while until they grow up!
MyPillow ™: a portable bag to collect your belly button fluff. At some point it becomes your very own pillow.
Make a movie on flat earthers and give it a golden globe award.
Use turn signals.
Parking enforcement shouldn’t be allowed to ticket on street cleaning days if they aren’t actually street cleaning
An alternate version of the game, only in this one Simon listens
Use the stimulus checks to count the census.
Lets have Saturday morning cartoon blocks on streaming services
Doctors, nutritionists &amp; scientists develop a pill that 100% uses all nutrients in a body, &amp; eliminates the need for bodily waste functions, allows people to discard toilets &amp; turn their bathrooms into extra living space. Buzzfeed headline: Charmin Hates This Invention! The Q: Would you miss going?
Have a sub of this sub called /r/crazyideassharktank for people who don't get bent out of shape when you shoot down their ideas ...
Bring back the ancient forearm handshake.
Auto supply shops that will check your car lights and change for free (if under 5 min) to prevent minorities getting pulled over and shot by the police
Napaurants - a place where you can purchase a small room to nap
Start using old vodka bottles as water bottles wherever you go.
How about we get SAD! by XXXTENTACION to 1billion views before his bday
A subreddit that people post something they would change in history and people comment what the implication would be changing that thing.
Not turning this sub into another political sub!
Eating S*** With The Boys - Part 3 | Burke Mountain | Big Boy Time, Ridden Art, Green Bastard
Instead of making me talk to 5 different people and doing a coding challenge, why not just hire me for 3 days on an hourly basis and see if I can fix something?
Revert this year to 2019 2 until we figure out how to proceed with Iran, then start over 2020 fr
An anti-HR department that protects the worker
Fantastic Sams should option William Onyeabor's 'Fantastic Man' to use in a commercial
If you ever become suicidal, gamble all your money double or nothing one time, so if you win you have twice as much money which may be a reason to live.
Separating sports by weight class instead of by genders.
Create a condom brand: 'Semper Paratus.'
A non-stop flushing WC. How would you imagine that?
Networks should release all the unaired pilots they’ve got as new episodes start trickling away. Captive audiences will be willing to watch anything soon.
Streaming services like Disney+ and Netflix ought to have a separate channel that streams shows on a schedule, like a broadcast, live so people can livetweet about it.
If multiverse theory is true, there should exist a universe with flat earth, and people believing earth is round
I was told this post would be more successful if submitted this time of night, so once again here is a GIANT LIST OF PORN TITLES I CAME UP WITH
Leaderboard for presidential candidates on a life leaderboard website
Something like literary club meetups but to discuss lyrics of good songs and the theories and interpretations behind those.
Call your dog Aphile. That way when some asks to pet they'll say, "can I pet Aphile?"
Ban political posts from r/MurderedByWords
A president should be hired by the country as at-will-employment (can end any time for any reason or no reason) instead of a 4 year contract, and similar for other powerful offices
Child-support changes
Assuming there is no god and no spirit, then humans are merely a collection of particles. These particles could theoretically come back together again at another time, making reincarnation scientifically possible.
Pop up volleyball nets in heavy traffic areas to pass the time with other commuters
Netflix should copy PornHub and make Netflix Amateurs: A spinoff site that lets users upload home-made movies and short films
Newspapers online should allow one time payments to access the news of that day, just like buying a paper copy at a newsstand.
Everyone gets the Vaccine should report side effects of being Very Horny.
Companies should pay for the data I'm forced to use on YouTube (and all other sites with ads)
While everyone is social distancing, food trucks should drive around neighborhoods playing jingles like ice cream trucks do in the summer.
VR work office. You remotely wear a VR headset and are immersed in work. They can set up nice VR offices for the execs and shitty cubicles for the other 99%.
If all campaign promises don't come true, then the president who made them has to lick a donkeys ass on live stream
Parents should give 1$ or so each time their kids see some anti-masker at the street and yell out loud "Dad, why is that person not wearing a mask?"
COD game ,but the location is actually your location.
Start counter protesting confederate gatherings as British loyalists.
do a normal ventriloquist act that starts like you're an amateur, can barely stop your mouth from moving, but gets better by the minute until people can barely believe the sounds are coming out of your mouth, then you drink a cup of water while dummy keeps talking and people realize theres a speaker
Voters should ban together to alternately vote out the richest members of congress regardless of party. A McConnell will get you a Pelosi, etc. Call the movement to try to heal what seems like an unbridgeable divide between parties, “Let’s start here.”
A subreddit called r/watchmecumto where a person posts an image/video (no matter how disgusting or nsfl) and a commenter would link a video of them orgasming to said image/video. Of course, things like images of children are not allowed.
They cant stop us all!
Make Medicare for all possible by having billionaires voluntarily pay for it by making any money they contribute tax free, returning it after some time.
Hypothetically, what if we ALL rebelled against junk mail by stuffing it into return mailboxes?
Congressmen should make the median salary in the state they represent. This would encourage them to help everyone
What if the whole world ran off of love for one another instead of money...?
Make a law: lying to the public while being a public servant is treason.An UberEats type service that delivers flowers to specific grave sites and texts you a photo as proof of delivery.
Literally follow the instructions on your shampoo bottle and wash, rinse, repeat continually until you run out of shampoo or die.
COVID-Only Restaurant/Bar
We should all tell Dave Ramsey to get a credit card from a bank...
when you click the up vote button it turns 1 of 2 colors, for no apparent reason, but they assure us the mystery is solvable
If people need money and other people can’t afford to help them out we could set up a system where the person in need makes a super short youtube video, other people watch it a bunch, and they get money from the ad revenue
Baristas should prepare hot bubble baths at high end hotels.
Create a chain letter that doesn't ask for money. It asks for you to help raise money to save the USPS. All you have to do is participate in the chain letter.
A taxi but you can drive yourself
Fried chicken dipped in garlic butter
A dictionary that tells you when to use a word in addition to what it means.
We should just hold mirrors up to the Trump cultists at protests and freakouts so they can scream their bull shit back at themselves.
If a congressman votes against a relief bill and it still passes, their constituents don't get the benefits
Devise a way to Color paint the coronavirus so you can actually see it and avoid it.
Floating cities
We should change how justices for the Supreme Court are nominated
an app like Shazam, but for tv and movie clips
We shouldn't call it China Virus or Cornavirus or COVID-19. We should call it the Wet Market Virus.
Health Insurance companies should give out free condoms as that would save them a lot on dealing with STD patients
A high-tech cup that sorts Cheetos so that you can pour them into your mouth straight without having your worry about them getting stuck or in a weird position, or getting Cheeto dust on your hand.
5G will replace electrical light
If virtual reality schooling becomes the norm, it could be interesting to get into a fight with a bully because it could initiate a boxing mini-game
Breed pygmy ocelots and call them ocelittles
If we get a Spongebob prequel, we need the story of Smitty Werbenjagermanjenson and how he became Number One.
"Tony Hawk's Pro Streamer", a stream of Tony Hawk playing all of the games in the "Pro Skater" series to 100% completion while talking about life and happy things. Make the stream only available to people who hate skateboarding and/or who've never heard of Tony Hawk.
Mobilise the unemployed of the US today to build a high speed train network comparable with the rest of the developed world.
Your phone should have a CTRL-Z
Two weeks before his presidency is over, Joe Biden should resign, making Kamala Harris the first female president.
Instead of curing COVID in humans, cure COVID in bats. Cure the animals of the diseases that are harmful to humans before the diseases reach us
Create a reality show with really old People learning from sexy ICT teachers how to use computers and IT gadgets
Cities offer alternative high schools where everyone treats each other with courtesy and respect
Opinions become state sanctioned and official but cannot contridict each other. So people who are anti-vax because it's their body cannot register as anti-abortion since they already declared themselves pro-choice.
Whipped cream flavored ice cream topped with ice cream flavored whipped cream
"Game by vibe": you don't say "this is a puzzle game" or "this is a stealth game", you can only say "this game has a portal vibe" or "this game has an assassin's creed vibe"
Develop a fundraiser for mercenaries to support activists and eliminate corrupt individuals
Play your guilty pleasure music to see if your neighbors call the cops on what they think is probably a teenage girl
A tv show that follows generations of a family blood line and we see the common themes between the oldest ancestor to the most modern
An app that periodically sends notifications that large amounts of people liked &amp; followed you giving you dopamine points without doing anything.
Every person votes for the laws that apply to them and nobody else. Each person is the president of their own government.
This was my idea... I started this channel Freshmen Year of High School to have a center of all of my projects from now until I hopefully become an Electrical Engineer. Welcome to Error Electronics!!! Here, I post reveals of my own creations along with tutorials for some of them and much more!
If someone could summon ghosts they could purposefully haunt houses and buy them at a low price.
Start referring to China as the bamboo curtain
An "inactive subscriber" percentage for YouYube channels - the % of the subscriber base that hasn't watched a video from that channel in the last X amount of time
Cinnabon in the car
Fast track scientific progress by giving top scientists performance enhancing drugs
separate pods for people in hospital waiting rooms
As an alternative to specialty retail stores that might not be able to thrive in some communities in the present economy, the stores should be put on semi truck trailers and opened in different towns for a few days at a time.
Make Pokemon plushies as rare as their in-game counterparts.
Anne of Green *Stables*. It's Anne of Green Gables but with horses.
Is this the BEST Budget Audio Interface?
A dog food with certain chemicals that makes dog poop biodegradable/good for the environment and smell less
You’re license plate should be your cell phone number
The Hallmark Cinematic Universe: A dozen Hallmark movies with shared characters and intertwining plots that culminates in an Avengers style film that's just a feature-length orgy.
A YouTube channel that shows hydraulic press videos in reverse where you look at a destroyed thing and quickly try to guess what it’ll turn into.
Friend making smart bracelets
If you have a chat app that has a mobile phone icon when you're using the app version, it should list your status as 'pooping'
Maybe the reason time seems to pass at different speeds depending on the circumstances is that the universe is like a multi-tasking time-sharing computer system and it allocates more "processing cycles" to certain people at certain times based on how important it deems your current activity.
Giant pinball
Sony Surreal (Idea)
Allow a 10% stock owner of a corporation to secede from the union and split it into 2 corporations
Shower stalls should operate like like a washing machine, dishwasher, or automatic car wash.
About the show black mirror: hated by the nation episode.
Smart watch that emails/texts your bro passwords and access info to delete your browsing history when it detects you have died.
A roomba but for your pubes
Cell phone crazy idea
Everyone time someone posts something for 'awareness', Facebook charges like $5 to post that goes to that specific cause.
Wear your clothes into the shower, so you can do your laundry while taking a shower.
Pronounce the word "cardboard" with a silent G. Never tall anyone you're doing this.
Sam Antonio should start a coffee chain called Tim Duncan’s (unless they already have)
New Pokémon DLC
George Carlin and Suesskind (the plumber, not the writer) should work together to make out the new physics needed to describe our universe.
Laser Phosphor Display; The Next-Gen CRT
Timing.
An app where you can snitch on people talking at a movie to movie theater staff so you don't have to get up and miss part of the movie.
Let’s legalize and regulate the sale of all drugs and use the profits gained from the sales to create facilities where users can go to use more dangerous drugs and be monitored medically so that they don’t overdose.
Video Game Plowthrough
Do you guys think this is an idea worth pursuing?
Breed even more aggression and unpredictability into pitbulls but only after a certain age, release these out into different types of areas so they add their more aggressive genes into the pool and cause chaos
To get people comfortable with the idea of wearing face masks, have George Lucas digitally add masks to every character in the original trilogy, including Darth Vader, Boba Fett, the stormtroopers, and droids.
anime/show about incel trying to find a lifelong partner
A politician who runs on promise of doing exactly what his supporters tell him/her to do
Reddit AMAs replace the traditional Presidental Debates.
Create a job only available to the homeless where they spend a year cleaning trash out of the ocean, are fed and clothed during that year, and upon completion receive a paycheck of $40k.
Legally do drugs.
Start giving awards to people in these subreddits, it might save their life
Give out free “Make America Great Again” masks to encourage right-wing deniers to wear masks.
Take empty, sealed foil-lined freeze-dried food pouches, and label as "Freeze-Dried Water (Just Add Water)". Sell in the dehydrated foods section of sporting goods/camping stores.
Can we finally get a NSFL tag?
Mike’s Hard Lemonade, but infused with cannabis instead of alcohol, called “Mike’s Soft Lemonade”
Re-release old silent films, but sub them with audio that completely alters the plot.
A world where phone calls always go through if the line is open without option to decline them. So basically being able to listen in anywhere and anyone at anytime.
Teachers should be paid based on the average future salary of their students
Saw quite a few tornado videos the past few weeks. I was thinking, why don’t we build our homes completely underground? I guess bc earthquakes, water table issues, etc. Let me know your thoughts.
Once your wealth passes $1 billion, cannibalism on you becomes legal
Everyone who doesn't need the stimulus checks Americans are receiving donate them to Bernie Sanders campaign.
If you ever end up in a situation where someone asks you "what the three states of matter are", just stomp at the ground, spit, and blow some air.
Migrate to Australia, buy the damaged land for cheap, and help restore and protect the wildlife on your property
Give a captcha option for human sourced tasks like Folding at Home
A Youtube tab that only has that short videos that seem to get randomly recommended to millions of people.
We should invent a circular room that forces you to walk against extreme winds as a workout. It would utilize every muscle in your body as well as keep you cool while you work out.
A live camera in UberEats restaurants so you can see your meal being made
Cum on her face and call it baby shower. 🥵
People who are 18+ and want to help make a difference should all pose as underage kids on different platforms and expose pedophiles.
A National Reporters' Debate
Easter Gift to this wonderful online community: Like deals ? I do too.
A news site with modular narratives
attack a symbol of the government instead of where governments power comes from
A video game that intentionally gives you bad advice on how to play itself on the loading screens.
We all go back into quarantine because the virus didn't magically dissapear.
Make an unpopular opinion sub but make it very strictly enforced
anyone ever had a crazy idea that solved something impossible?? like something literally impossible
Smartphones should have 'adaptive sound' just like adaptive brightness while using normal speakers.
a presidential pardon for everyone who in the past committed suicide. Its bad enough they're dead. Do they also have to be criminals.
What if hallucinogens are just a glitch in the simulation.
mismatched.com: a dating site specifically for people with mental illnesses, to meet other people with mental illnesses and have a chance at love
A subreddit for Crazy Ideas except it isn't ruined by shitty jokes like r/showerthoughts got ruined.
Revoke women's rights
Fuckingly
Run for president, promising to pardon anyone who robs a bank as long as they give you have the money
People are dragging out this Covid shit for too long. Wanna stop the virus ? Kill all humanity! Then there won't be anyone for the virus to spread to! It's simple science, people!
Satirical movie about QAnon
A TV show where Chevy Chase, Larry David and Rick Barry are locked in a house together for a month and yell at each other the entire time
A hospital ICU should livestream a patient being treated for the virus. Perhaps seeing someone on a ventilator for two weeks will shut the protestors up.
A "People's News" in the form of a Wikipedia-like blockchain that archives world events
Presidents should be required to live in orbit for their term
Replace the death penalty with life sentence plus physical castration
Getting your lungs cleaned.
A game without a gameplay loop.
There should be a 'multi-ball' version of American football, where everything is tripled (field size/number of players/balls/etc)
Motels without beds, but have hooks for hammocks and raised platforms for sleeping bags.
Step 1: take out an enormous loan from the bank (I’m talking like $200 billion) Step 2: buy Amazon from Jeff Bezos (he makes about $40 billion a year) Step 3: repay your loan in a few years and then watch your net worth skyrocket! BOOM! Instant billionaire
Food Supply in Space
A pill to vomit for weight loss
Swap the dates for Christmas and Valentine's.
Allow doctors to prescribe anything that's not harmful even if it's not medically needed or even relevant, like to prescribe that you drive to work so you can make an insurance claim for gas money
Every time a video is uploaded to a Youtube channel, it should be automatically added to a playlist comprising all of that channel's videos.
Instead of sentencing people to death on death row, there should be a 'Tea Row', in which inmates are forced to drink room-temperature tea all day, every day, and each cup has varying amounts of milk and sugar so they can't get used to the tea.The USA should have a general strike on voting day.
A device that turns one type of food into another.
New Comic series: Batman's Alfred Pennyworth and Bond's Miss Moneypenny have children that haven't quite followed in their parent's ethical footsteps. They're...The Bad Pennys.
Blacklist Ads
Reddit should have a feature where you could forward the awards you received. So if I get a gold I can give a gold without buying any coins.
Automatically enroll every single person to vote for mail-in ballots once they turn 18, are aready over 18, or when they apply for an ID/Drivers License.
Someone should make an a song called "what the fox says" but it's just never going to give you up on a 10 hour loop
Print and frame fights on Facebook. Sell the framed sections to the people involved and that make them look like badasses. Charge a lot if the thread got so bad it was deleted.
Instead of wearing a mask, obsessively rip your hair out
Mind control bees into having orgies all over so they will be stable
When the Perseverance comes down on Mars surface, in the simulated video mock-up, show Martians running for cover so the thing doesn't land on them.
How to become a millionaire!
Film a biopic movie about the Trump presidency and offer Trump the lead role. His narcissism won’t allow him to say no even though the story itself won’t be kind to him. The audience will be entertained by the train wreck and his bad acting, and the movie will make a ton of money.
Let's all agree to "mark as spam" all emails that we don't explicitly subscribe for
It's not the NEWS that's fake, it's the COMMENTARY!
A Trump lookalike pumpkin competition.
A "For Fun" segment where an athlete try other sports in the Olympics after the event is over
Air horn scammers on a large scale. If a large amount of people press 1 for credit card/IRS/car warrantee scams and air horn the scammers, scam calls would go down significantly.
An app to alert the community you're being engaged by the police. This could allow people to be eyewitnesses on the scene and hopefully reduce misconduct.
Engineer a new species of humans to have penile spikes then convince them raping is better than consented sex. Set up an abortion clinic.
If another world war is about to happen as many people who don't want to should put stocks into companies that sell ammo, oil and anything to help the war and pull out right before to hopefully convince the country to reconsider...
Everyone lies down in the street and doesn’t get back up.
Gluten free
Something that connects your cell phone data to your wifi so you can use your laptop when the power goes out.
TV show like "Wife Swap" but instead with Government and Countries.
Aaron paul would be the perfect Buggs bunny. I don’t know why, he just would.
Voluntary Eugenics Based on the Tendency of People to Overestimate Themselves
Lift up water to several meters in the air. Ship this elevated water to places where there isn't a natural spot to make a dam. Continuous shipments of elevated water is used for hydropower.
Browser History for your brain
We should start growing victory gardens again.
That the criminal system would actually try to help people stop beimg criminals instead of taking all their money and making it harder for them to work.
Cover the North and South Pole with Pykrete.
I'm actually more interested in congressional members releasing their tax records while in office than presidential candidates.
An Austin Powers movie where he's frozen again in the early 2000s and has to once again relearn social norms in 2020
On December 25th Everyone Google Never Gonna Give You Up and then Watch the entire video and Rick Roll as many people as you can so it can get some attention and we can Rick Roll people that have never been gotten before at a rate never seen before!Make all robot flesh out of a pig/horse meat culture so that people could eat them when in dire situations.
Mandatory estrogen HRT for biologically male police officers.
Use Google's geolocation tracking records to notify people if the have been in contact with an later discovered infected person.
A discordesque site that resembles Reddit, but its target audience is a "secret sanctuary" for hatespeech and illicit material. In the fine print of the contract hardly anyone reads it requires location settings and access to files. Then, the admins sell the information to local authorities.
22 of February is national daft punk day
Ariana Grande - 7 Rings but A$AP Rocky - Praise The Lord (Da Shine) ft. SkeptaMen should have EQUAL SAY in deciding whether an unwanted baby should be aborted. A man shouldn't be forced to have a child when he doesn't want one.
Abita Bitch Beer
Deputize EMTs, medical professionals, and firemen.
Have a 'Baby Day' in schools to avoid stress
Artificial Intelligence robot-pets that simulate experience of having a friend for people who can’t commit to having a real pet.
Instagram should launch a Corona filter that shows how the place looked before the pandemic with all the pollution.
Playboy bunny
A password checklist like most websites have for creating new accounts is cool. A subreddit checklist for rules of posting would be way cooler.
Augmented Reality information attached to a person via their smart glasses that is visible (or not visible it is their choice) to others wearing smart glasses.
Reddit mods should have a prompt that the post is too short so you don’t submit your post and then have to redo it.
Play the game is great
Every country in the world should just ship their entire garbage to a spot in the Sahara desert where there are no people for miles and every time the pile gets too big, we nuke it.
Combine social distancing + protesting
We should all start a subreddit and quarantine ourselves to it till this all blows over
Cards Against Stupidity
A Subway style punch card where, for every 10 civilians they help, they get money added to their yearly bonus.
On r/unpopularopinions, downvotes are upvotes too
Super Smash Bros, but with disgraced public figures as characters
Pablao™ Rectangles! from that Bill Wurtz video should be turned into a real thing
Hey, someone do a facial averaging to see what the most sterotypical abusive cop looks like!
A bullet that splits in half to go around the target then merges back into 1 bullet and hits the thing behind the target
Having cops pay the lost time of citizen they have inconvenienced
Plastic surgery lathe
Solution for Inequality: Basic Income,Minimum and Maximum Wages, Rents, Home Prices. Universal Healthcare, Education, water, electricity, internet, low interest banking. Guaranteed availability of housing unit per person.
A third champer in parlament. Everyone can vote for any person or party. As soon as they get 0.5% of votes, they get a seat.
Sacs: Yoga pants for guys.
A pandemic tax that taxes businesses like Amazon and Walmart that are profiting off Covid to subsidize small businesses.
A BIG HELP FOR EVERYONE
Have infected COVID-19 patients, the self-isolated and recently unemployed people work at call centers for airlines, banks, health care and insurance companies.
Star Trek but with a lot of swearing
There should be a website where you can type in any statement and it fakes an article backing up your statement.
The 2nd presidential debate should’ve been Biden and trump on an episode of American ninja warrior
Reddit should accept the use of atleast the heart emoji because sometimes it be feelin like dat.
An Antichamber x Superliminal x Hyperbolica x Miegakure crossover
During (vice)presidential debates, each speaker can mute the other, but only for a limited time.
A movie where someone is in isolation, and all of society gets wiped out except them. But aliens are still piloting social media and news. See how long it takes the person to notice something is up.
Create a porn search engine and call it "Booble"
A sub called profileme.
Make it illegal for politicians to buy ads that promote them.
Bring back Victorian skirt cages to aid social distancing
An amusement park completely connected by roller coaster track
Make an entire city called Rockport City which would be sort of like the official Need For Speed theme park in New Jersey.
What if?
What if we were all like Curious George’s neighbors
Before you can become a candidate for President of the US, you should have to pass the same test that people have to pass to become citizens.
RAID THIS YOUTUBE WATCH - WATCHING WITH MY FRIENDS PLEASE RAID
Add a leap second to December 31st 2020 just to mess with people watching the live clock
Youtube should let you rank the channels you're subscribed to
Create "technical troubleshooting emotional support". They won't help you to solve your technical problems, but they will support you emotionally and help you to deal with difficult emotions caused caused by technical problems
How to make easy money 🔥💸🤑🤑💸🔥
Non-essential businesses closed for the Coronavirus should be made to sell off their stores of toilet paper that aren't being used.
A hybrid of r/woooosh and r/nsfw where girls post nudes with a sexy question, and guys comment as if they're oblivious and unaffected by her beauty.
Pass a law saying that you can legally punch someone in the nose if their mask isn’t covering it
An app that would make your phone vibrate when someone comes near you within 1 Meter radius
We should rename the Corona virus to the Boomer Doomer
An MTV show that revisits people who were on series like Room Raiders, Next, Made, and Parental Control as 30-somethings.
Flight from my yard ... so fun ...
Baby on board
SMT: A grenade with a wraparound OLED display that displays the status of the grenade, and most importantly, a countdown timer once the grenade goes live.
Option to increase internet speed for a day so you can download a large file and then revert back to your cheaper monthly plan
Build a Ouija Board using Superconductive Electro-magnets so the planchette hovers above the board, then with no one touching see if the spirits will communicate.
Because most Americans have Guns, it is completely rational for any American movie to turn into an Action movie.
Have mail in ballets have a personal code that you can check online to make sure your vote was counted.
Browser that automatically declines a website's privacy dialogue by default
if you would like its up to you
Jeff Bezos should give every US citizen a 25 dollar gift card
Put Kobe Bryant on the new $20 bill
ALL POSTS SHOULD BE IN ALL CAPS THERE SHOULD BE NO PUNCTUATION THIS WILL HELP PEOPLE UNDERSTAND THAT OUR IDEAS ARE ACTUALLY CRAZY
Pretty obvious that "Mayans" were dyslexic and have mistaken 2012 with 2021, so it's only fair to assume they might have been called Ya-Man's
Genetically Modify Covid19 To Cause Eye Bleeding - it would then spread slower
When buying a car you should have the option to get a discount if you agree to have the manufacturer's logo (or any other form of advertisement agreed by the company) printed all over the car
Mock Trump into leaving presidency and becoming the citizen of a different country.
Sandbox games should have a free build mode where you can build without resources, then dump in what is needed at a console to actually construct it.
fun online classes
Market bullet proof vests as weight loss or fashion items and sell them to students
Plates with handles
"Forensic Flies". It's a TV show where flies tell the story of the forensic investigation, of other flies murders.
The education industry employ entertainment industry to produce education content/videos
Dell Inspiron 3593 Laptop
Set design company that knocks off products from controversial brands and then donates to the opposite causes.
Resurrect Bernie Mac so he can America what the hell we’re gonna do
Go door to door selling No Soliciting signs
A TV show where Danny Devito is a stadium preacher in a big arena and he tells us to do literally anything and we’re okay with it because it’s Danny Devito
Manufacture all cigarettes to have an awful smell.
Cigarette License
Bring back Night Court
Real estate agencies should have a feature where you can rent out the house you want to buy for a week to see if you like it, kind of like a 7 day free trial.
Sell crops with Crypto
Frame a homeless person for a crime he didn't commit terrible enough to get him sentenced to many years in prison but not enough to get him on death row thereby providing him a home.
A magic 8-ball that displays memes as responses.
Start an MMO that requires a credit card. Keep it up long enough for a sizeable amount of people to join, then shut down, then take everyone's CC info and use it to buy whatever
Cum should be sold the same way we sell yoghurt in stores.
join the new best discord debate room
DMV outsource to Amazon and Post Office outsource to Uber
Let the original creators of much loved animated series have full creative control over the live action remakes
Hoard honey, it lasts forever and with the decline of the honeybee population, in the future it will potentially be worth many times what it is now.
YouTube, but all the videos with custom thumbnails and all caps alternating titles are blocked
Dig up Michael Jackson’s body ( along with 30 other random corpses). Employ the worlds topmost puppeteers. Attach strings to the corpses. Take ‘Thriller- the Deceased Musical’ on tour. Transport the characters from venue to venue in tanks of formaldehyde.
Popular OnlyFans accounts could start purchasing billboards for more viewers.
Reserved parking spots for expecting mothers outside the liquor store.
VR goggles for real-world driving for a Mario Kart styled commute.
A browser plugin for sites like IMDB that provides info to make you decide not to support that movie/actor/actress
“When you drink alcohol you are just borrowing happiness from tomorrow.”
Fun Experiment: SMASH! and CRUSH! If This is a Corona Virus
A class-action lawsuit against facebook and fox news for psychologically abusing our parents and destroying families
Consolidation of student loans in exchange for a new/used car
YouTube should have a tastebreakers section where they feed you videos of people with the exact opposite perspective as your own
A subreddit with no rules.
Petition to change the name of Wall Street to Economy Street
Political representatives should get their pay cut in direct correlation with the unemployment % in their districts and the amount of debt held.
Spotify should have a feature where it shuffles it’s entire catalogue of music
Destroy all the planets in the solar system
Elton John should cover an entire Eminem album, and Eminem should cover an entire Elton John album.
IMDb should allow us to save actors/directors/stuntsmen like movies, but also save them all into folders/playlists/whatever-they-are-called.
Incredible Yet Comical! Paris Hilton’s Drawing of Cat Sold for $17,000 in ETH
Pro Bowl Interview Session NFC
Version of YouTube that only has videos from a certain era
Instead of ringing church bells, towns should sound air raid horns at 12:00 p.m. and 12:00 a.m. so the seriousness of this situation sinks in for those still in denial.
Work online from anywhere
The average person eats roughly 90,000 meals in a lifetime. Which means if this post convinces 90,000 of you to eat one extra vegan meal, it's just as good as me going vegan for life.
Make all drugs non prescription, crime would go down and stuff like heroin and cocaine would be regulated and safer for addicts to use And you could get them at pharmacys
If someone on social media extends an invitation to you, you should be able to see their full profile regardless of their privacy settings.
When a douchebag in a fancy car takes two parking spaces, it should be legal to park right behind it to block it in.
Hire the cast of Harry Potter to act out Potter Puppet Pals skits.
A hybrid of a veggie burger patty and a normal beef patty.
Get respected celebrities to start mispronouncing the same word. Change the pronunciation of that word permanently.
A web browser extension, similar to adblocker, but blocks all lgbt related content
Corona should start a dare you to drink campaign.
A band whose gimmick is that all the instruments are based on/made of food(i.e. pretzel rods=drumsticks). Then after every concert, they break apart they instruments and equipment and sell them at high prices as souvenirs and/or snacks.
If i won lottery.
Create an international buddy copy movie starring Barack Obama and Joe Biden
A law that all tupperware lids and containers have to universally matchApple makes specialized phones based on purpose: business phone has higher quality video chat and such, travelers phone has better camera and battery and so on
An independent service that helps you pick out a diamond for an engagement ring or ear rings that is not affiliated or makes commissions from the seller.
Someone should start a confederate museum
Maybe the specific method of sneezing was made in hope to bring back that dab rather than limit the speed of Coronavirus...
Photos on IMDB should have to be in color if the actor is alive then changed to black &amp; white if they have passed.
Man hole covers in road
Make hankies fashionable again to combat Covid.
Give out free recreational drugs but only in a special prison
The worst thing Iran can do to Trump is to buy out all his loans from Russia then collect on them.
Cars should reverse when you pull UP on the accelerator pedal
Convince Trump supporters to vote for Bernie
A new mario kart game that works off of Google Street view.
Where journalists agree to ask the same question until it gets answered.
Reality TV but they’re all psychological experiments and run and analyses by experts.
Make up a RANDOM word that has NO meaning at all and has no context but we keep using it so it becomes accepted in the dictionary
You should be able to check how an online ad was targeted at you, instantly from within the ad
A lotto payout of 1mil to 150 players, instead of 150mil to 1 player.
Start promoting singles or albums by playing a snippet before films in theaters. Undivided attention and receptive people covered by sources of sound at every angle.
An anime where the hero is built up to be the strong, silent type, but at the end, it's revealed that they don't speak a word of Japanese, and they never had any idea what anybody was saying the whole time.
Lets do crazy
A rating and review site for cops and police departments. Call it Rotten Apples.
Instead of colonizing it, terraform Mars just like Earth and put all animals on it to ensure they don’t go extinct
Maybe since theres such a huge surplus of oil we could let Cuba have some for a change.
There should be a straw meant for sipping whip cream off the top of your drink
Reddit needs Award Revokal for those who complain about awards.
tattoo a condom onto your penis and secretly go raw
Instagram disabled all editing features for 24 hours
Robocops.
A Pokémon game where you battle using trivia instead of attacking with moves.
A college campus, but instead of it being flat, it’s a giant hill with snow. Instead of walking to class you sled to class and take a ski lift back up the hill.
Get full body camouflage tattoos. Stay naked and free for the rest of your life.
Ads should not count for mobile data limits.
Lenovo V145-AMD-A6 Laptop
After he's out of office, a class action lawsuit against Trump for psychological manipulation. Give folks an out and incentivise that out with cash.
The NFL should make a deal with New Zealand and ship all players and personnel there.
Naughtydog should make one more uncharted game. Only at the end, Nathan Drake opens the treasure releasing deadly fungus spores into the world. Starting "The last of us" games.
Can we?
A national lottery with one drawing per year. A random date is chosen, and if the date picked is your birthday you’re exempt from paying income tax for one year.
Just tell Trump in an Interview that we a really great full that he wants to rise corporate tax even if the fake media is denying it and see what happens.
Remote controlled flies that land on people's heads while they're on live TV and display ads
We need a support group for redditors who have been banned from a subreddit.
Drug dogs. They sniff your drugs to let you know if they're legit.
Being back milkmen.
A proposal on an alternative of current capitalism
Lower the rims in women's basketball to make the game more exciting.
Remake Game of Thrones using the characters from It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia
A city / community with zero data service / internet / wifi access. For people who want to live without internet and who don't want to be visited by anyone who's not willing to put their phones down during their visit.
Optional public program: Government pays your employer one hour of your work time, and you'd have to use that hour for physical exercise.
A fan that stay still
Waze/Google Maps should add a map overly that shows the level of police activity on a stretch of road or route
Dentist should have to smell your breath and comment on it as part of a check up
Tax landlord profits at 90% and use the proceeds to build affordable housing
Refer to Black as Navy Grey
Everyone should make a parler account and promote Navalny's protests on Saturday
Now is the prefect time to get rid of coin change
Pizza delivery that is free if another delivery comes in that's on the way to your house. You order and give a window of time you are willing to wait, if no other order comes in you pay for delivery and they deliver it to you at the end of your delivery window.
Fill a stadium full of people and give them tubes they can shout through that are long enough to reach the center of the field. See what happens to things when placed in the center of the concentrated screaming.
An anonymous service to tell people why the baby name they have chosen is really bad
People are saying that 2020 is bad, maybe its just the beginning of a bad decade.
Nintendo Switch extension that you can plug an N64 game into and it downloads onto a blank Switch memory card and is then playable on the Switch
Add a "do nothing" button between upvote and downvote.
Increase tourism to some random Midwestern city by advertising it a site worthy of literal religious pilgrimage. Try to get legions of faithful to pay homage in the Holy City of Des Moines.
A game where "everyone liked that" decisions lead to a cataclysmic disaster, opening a conversation about ethics.
No More Billionaires. After you reach 999M, all your money goes to charity and you get a nice trophy that says, “You won capitalism” and get a dog park named after you.
Caroling is a classic tradition that is unfortunately impractical in the time of covid. Instead, gather a large crowd of people and just silently stand outside houses for ten minutes or so. For extra holiday cheer, do so at 2 AM.
Redirect the police weapons budget to spend it on cookouts with the people in the neighborhoods they police
Force card processing companies to stop charging small businesses so less people have to handle cash during the virus
An app that looks like a banking app with an account balance but the account balance always shows “zero fucks”
Make a post in changemyview and reinforcemyview. Copy the replies from each post over to the other and see what happens
A category or trend in social medias to add “opinion” feature
Create a 20 ft tall monument of the President that spews literal manure and is etched with every statement he's made that's considered bigoted.
Bar bulk toilet paper buyers from voting; their decision making skills are extremely poor
Post a video on Reddit in n parts with a link to the next part in the comments. Thus, you get n times more karma.
Reddit mobile should have left and right hand options
Open a T-shirt shack and call it TIME TO DYE
One of those rings that injects poison, but instead fill it with vaccines.
What if we just stopped making excessive wasteful plastic things like bags, bottles, take away containers, etc. people will figure out what to use instead if that’s the only option
Beverly Hills Robocop
All foids be silent for one day
"Trickle Down Emotions" - Only the world's top actors are allowed to have emotion, everyone else can only have secondary emotions by reacting to the primary emotion of the world's Emotoactors
Comments section for Spotify Netflix etc
A Reddit filter to block site URL so you can avoid known sources of disinformation or click bait.
Dell XPS 13.3 inch Laptop 9300
Genes on github
App For Finding Unique Items
A birt bath or a fountain which would spray water on the birds everytime they shat near it.
Weekly online votes for governmental decisions
Pre-recorded tours for countries that artists never go to (for whatever reason). The artist records a show and it gets released as a one time only in a cinema of a country they never attend (for a lower price).
Everyone that successfully recovers from Covid-19 gets a free t-shirt that says “I survived the coronavirus”
If you don't vote, it counts as if you write-in voted for Tom Hanks
Instead of Minecraft cave sounds just playing at random intervals in dark areas, add a bunch of horrifying new cave-dwelling hostile mobs that play cave sounds when nearby - and don't mention it in the patch notes.
Machine learning that generates YouTube video titles to avoid clickbait.
A really obese person losing tons of weight quickly and using the excess arm skin to glide like a flying squirrel
Instead of buying more stuff on Amazon that you don't really need, just give Jeff Bezos all your money.
Cargo ship horn instead of the normal burglar alarm for more remote locations, like a cabin.
A movie but all the characters are Danny DeVito.
Have no ads at all anywhere for a year or until people want some of them back, if they really help you find things you wouldn't have and wanted to buy
Coffee creamer, but frozen.
A reality tv show where a spoiled rich person transitions to the real world. Obviously on TLC.
Maybe the Modelo beer company came up with the name Coronavirus and the next virus will be something like the Pepsi-virus.
Freeze some water now and never touch that ice tray. In 40 years time sell it as a luxury item "old ice", to be consumed with a 40 year old whiskey.
A Ouija Board with smart home integration. Now it really can speak and turn your lights on and off!
All online petitions should automatically create a counter-petition people can sign to give better representation to the issue.
A console with a mini fridge in it.
Making a Jeffrey Epstein movie for the sole purpose of having a British butler walk up to him with a flash drive on a silver platter, and ask "Child pornography sir?"
Dungeons and Dragons but it’s monsters role playing as normal people
Use bots to launch a mass information campaign
Sell an upgrade to pacemakers to allow people to have their own sick (heart) beatz.
A subreddit, maybe called “Watch This,” where people can post intellectual videos of Dems, Inds, or Reps that they think could persuade the other side or spark debate.
Inverted Rubics Cube
Cars that will automatically change colour based on the mood of the driver.
Smart glasses that let you see how the building were in different centuries while you walk around the city.
Worktopia, right? (Please read.)
A Purist's Religion
Start a new line of those metal or wood brain teaser / hand puzzles, that are actually impossible to solve.
"Solve" the Fermi Paradox by shooting asteroids with extremophilic life at planets that we suspect are habitable
How would you feel about Reddit adding FIVE THOUSAND NSFW filters to distinguish between porn, gore, repetitive posts, shit-posts, bad jokes, dad jokes...
Take a man who is about to wake from a coma and put him in a very well-designed set of an 1800s English city and tell him he can't leave because of an ongoing war.
Nubile lesbians have to first sleep with me in pairs before officially earning the title lesbian
Bring little kids into research labs and have them work with scientists to make new discoveries
Why don't we?
Schools should hire people to pose as high schoolers and offer cigarettes to kids
Red smiley face stickers that become show happy smiley face in the sun
Name your reddit account u/ on a bunch of posts and see who notices.
How To Go To A Rave By Your Self And Bootylicious Women
We have seliloquy, but why not quelilose? That's when everyone shouts their thoughts at you regardless of your ability to listen.
Black milkshakes
Contact and Forest Gump exist in a shared universe.
Are these recent signs in the sun, moon, and stars the ones that were biblically foretold for the specific time of history that we are living in?
Standardized language
We should get rid of birthdays and everyone turns older January 1st of the year they were born.
Spotify, but with tabs
A 2021 resolution for us all - as you login to things this year turn on two factor authentication on all your accounts
Everyone likes Rosa Parks. Let's replace all statues with Rosa Parks. Statue of Liberty? Statue of Parks! 3 PoC standing around Grant on a horse? 3 Rosas Parks standing around Rosa Parks on a Rosa Parks!
Replace the dollar bill with full cans of Arizona Iced Tea.
An app with constant access to you phone cameras, which randomly takes a photograph without telling you and posts it to all of your social media accounts
A phone that carries on ringing after you answer it.
solve the current energy shortage by creating a hybrid of aerogel and neutronium and using it to harpoon deep into the sun and transfer energy through such a lightminutes long vibrating rope.
Puppy breath cologne
Viking Funeral Cruise Lines for terminally ill customers who sign up to collectively get blown out of the ocean by a cruise missile. The crew rigs the boat with demolitions 30 min befote they evacuate, as a backup to ensure a quick and relatively painless death for all onboard!
Shazam shoud have a feature of showing list of users that have simular music taste as you and leting you contact them
A sci-fi movie about a pandemic that spreads through disturbances in the patient's voice timbre, meaning (video) calls spread the virus as well. Only the main character knows about this, meanwhile the entire world is relying on calling to keep social gatherings going digitally.
there should be a website that you can use to find out your most likely medical condition and causes of it
It would be much more impressive if someone created a slinky that could climb UP the stairs
A news network devoted to stories based on their highest statistical impact on peoples lives.
Rebrand nuclear energy as “green fusion” to get Karen’s who watch the Simpsons to support it
A hyper-realistic wax museum of COVID-19 deniers graphically suffocating and in pain. Jair Bolsonaro, Herman Cain, etc
hows about instead of #NewNormal. Let's try #NewRevolution
Cats look random because they incarnate different deceased people throughout the day
Haunted house for homophobes full of rainbow flags and people dressed in drag.
The United States should have two separate economic systems so we can get more done.
Lossless Charitable Giving - *Change The World Without Spending Money*
A subreddit where only fictional characters can post
Mail all your medical info to China BGI before they can steal them
2019: stay away from negative people 2020:stay away from positive people
Powdered Ketchup
A lgbtq friendly harry potter remake, in which harry and draco malfoy transition from being enemies to being lovers.
Every car should have a way to communicate with other cars so that the car in front or behind you shouldn't make you feel unsafe.
A tattoo that reads "I was in a fragile state when I got this tattoo and now I hate it."
009 Sound System live, but the stage background is just a projection of notepad tutorials.
The biggest TV show crossover ever: The guy from Cake Boss gets a treehouse from treehouse masters with an aquarium inside done by the Tanked people and then he bakes them all cales to celebrate
A thermos but for burritos and other similar foods instead of drinks.
We should shut down the usps and turn mail delivery into a door dash sort of delivery.
Once a year have a vote for the worst subreddit, which will then get deleted
Now that lobbying is legal, bring back its original style where a shady character waits in a hotel lobby with a suitcase of money for a politician. Ban all other styles of moving the lobbying money. Require it be broadcast live. That will show people what's really going on.
An OS-wide button to flag clickbait Content
All countries have to include a weighted vote for a presidential(or ministerial) candidate from the outside world since the person's actions will impact the world as well.
If you go around a tree fast enough, you an fuck yourself
Dull porn
You should spend a ton of money on awards and then just give them to posts that have zero upvotes
A bunch of protestors in Hong Kong put in job applications to become police officers. Then work their way up in rank to make real change in the police force. Even infiltrating internal affairs and putting some of these corrupt cops behind bars.
Bring back the Civilian Conservation Corp.
Put body cameras on elected officials that stream to the web 24/7
money stored in saliva that you can only receive by being spit on, if you're lucky they spit into your pocket or into a bottle then hand it to you. Make change with an eye dropper.
If you ever want out of a group project just say "There's no 'I' in 'Team'" and walk out of the room.
Remake the Napoleon Dynamite movie, but the time machine actually works.
Reddit should add anti-awards that remove coins from whoever you give them too, to discourage trolling. The award would cost a lot of coins though so as not to be abused
Use Google Maps to find a place in another country and try to call up a business there so you can make friends with that person.
Remake Chex Quest in the Doom 2016 engine
From now on, the casual response to "what's up?" should be "shit is worse than ever" and then continuing with the conversation.
A Reddit Gold feature to let you rename other users, and they need Gold to change it back
Have police of different countries switch for a new cops show.
Tits for brains quizzes
High quality fake id available if you interested on seeing samples WhatsApp us on +15712529441 you not paying until id is made and send id come with hologram and uvs Light and duplicate we do for USA, UK , Canada etc
The quickest way to get gun control in America is if as many liberals as possible went out and bought a gun, and advertised such on social media.
The only socially acceptable dress code is socks/shoes. Nothing else.
Cell phones should have a feature where both the front and back cameras can be turned on at the same time.
Keep the sign in button, remove the sign up button.
Everyone who is born gets a considerable amount of money. Let’s say a million. They can decide live on this or get to decide if they need a job to build on this. No welfare system.
If someone is forcing you to take a pill and you don't want to, don't spit it out somewhere, chew and swallow instead. If you break the pill coating, the rest will be destroyed by your digestion.
Awards,but they can also be bought with karma
Covid-19 must be called C-Virus.
An AI that will make guidelines to prevent other AI from going rogue.
Have Dr House present all future health campaigns regarding COVID-19
Live in a place with 3 people and while 2 of them work to support everyone, one gets to enjoy life for 6 months each.
A dating site that matches people based on a "Fartometer" to see if you have a fart fetish
A game where the final boss has multiple phases, but each phase gets weaker, reflecting the damage done to the boss.
Fried chicken crust pizza, like a normal pizza that turns into essentially chicken parm at the very end of eating a slice
A subreddit where you can only respond in rhymes.
Get somebody to fit a camera on top of their car and literally drive along ever single bloody road on the earth every other year
Pressure-sensitive computer keyboards that type in bold and/or ALL CAPS if you PRESS harder
A computer tower the size of a computer tower from the 80s filled with modern technology
My new product Death Mints! They're for people who want to die... with minty fresh breath!
An Appropriate Punishment for COVIDIOTS &amp; ANTIMASKERS
Reddit shouldn't show our usernames even to us.
Suckin on the creamy puss puss of a Spanish Torah girl
A Christmas Carol: Starring, as Ebenezer Scrooge, Bubbles!!!
When calling a company and you get put on hold, the ability to toggle the waiting music on or off by pressing 1.
search movies by director on Netflix
Bring back the American Progressive Party aka the Bullmoose Party of Teddy Roosevelt.
Pi is a new digital currency developed by Stanford PhDs, with over 10 million members worldwide. To claim your Pi, follow this link https://minepi.com/bokmatab00 and use my username (bokmatab00) as your invitation code.
Build a research facility in a black hole so that relatively to us they develop things faster.
Regardless of their sins, people who held on to die until Trump was defeated should be allowed into Heaven
One of those Halloween costumes like a cowboy riding a horse, except it's a cop kneeling on dead guy.
An /r/AmITheAsshole offshoot/parody where commenters have to explain their judgements with references to established philosophical arguments/ideas
Have hotel maids/cleaners wear go-pros
Instead of resisting law enforcement, use Miranda rights and ACLU?
Criminals should be made to listen to the chalk on chalkboard sound for the majority of their interview so they can get the confession quicker.
Set time to sunrise. All appointments are the number of hours after sunrise. Use UTC for everything else.
Honestly, Skittles is really squandering an opportunity here.
An "capable" parking pass (the opposite of a handicapped pass)
We should just stop pretending celebrities exist for a few weeks to humble the hell out of them.
A television show where an AI learns and mimics all of Bob Ross’s painting style, ability, and presentation in order to create new episodes.
A butcher that sells potatoes.
What is the Best Way To Maintain Laptop?
Leave all the statues as to inform the public about what the statue is about.
A phone camera that takes photos and video in two aspect ratios of your choosing simultaneously
Trump issues a pardon to all the most violent convicts for their previous crimes as well as future acts of violence and sedition and sends them to attack Biden's inauguration effectively kicking off the first Purge.
Microsoft should buy wikipedia and merge it with github in a new “open source” division.
If we accept spacetime is responsible for the physical state of particles, we can complete the unified theory. This is a stepping stone, not the entire recipe.
Annotating your photo album with a history of your most played songs. Auto play option as you take a trip down memory lane.
Reddit should start a movement where every post title and comments just has the word “VOTE” to bring awareness. We do this the day before the U.S. elections.
I swear I have seen this show before 2020, is this crazy?
Show likes, dislikes and views as percentages on social media post
The Wayback Machine, but for Physical Places.
Recording everything
A grocery store that actually puts it's 2-litre and canned soda in the goddamn refrigerated section.
Fork America
On the day a website was created, it should revert back to its original homepage for the day.
TP a household that bought an unnecessary amount of toilet paper
A website dedicated to posting comments and/or liking/disliking youtube videos that have that feature turned off
An augmented reality "HUD" that keeps track of your vitals and displays them as a health bar
These types of protests have been happening for decades and seem to be getting worse. Would it make sense to set aside land with full sovereignty? Basically, another country. Anyone would be allowed to live there or not live there of course
a large Mosquito in disguise walks into the American Red Cross and ask for an application.
In the next John Wick movie, in the climax he should be riding a shopping cart and killing bad guys who are in cars with a gun. This could open up so many possibilities for insane stunts and awesome death!
Used Car for Sale by Owner
Make a mass salt recolect, taking it from the sea, having enough salt to provide 50 years of humanity salt needs and having enough unsalted water to erradicate world thirst.
Among Us is a game secretly designed to ease a populace into submission over false claims
Reddit should have a section of posts in every subreddit that you've upvoted
idk
A Christian version of Amount Us
A pill that erases the memory of the last few hours right after watching a film, so that the viewer can enjoy it several times as if it was the first time watching.
Reddit introduces a show/hide sfw posts option
A christian rock parady of Shaggy's "It Wasn't Me" about the immaculate conception
A site where you get free PayPal money for literally nothing
Every state should have an embassy in every other state so you can go there and do things that are only legal in the other state
Muppet remake of Ocean's Eleven (2001) with Elliot Gould reprising his role.
Reverse Madlibs
Move voting day to Saturday throw a party for those that vote. (US)
Instead of saying the number of people who died, say it as a percent higher or lower than the average death rate from all causes combined
Glow in the dark baseball
A filter setting on streaming platforms that mutes all the laugh tracks
Climate Change and Species Extinction is a good thing. And the most moral thing we could do would be to build a world-destroying super-atomic weapon and then destroy the earth and all life on it
If we decriminalize all criminal acts, there will be no more crimes
Vending machines that sell individual pairs of brand new, clean underwear.
A big-budget, live-action Captain Planet movie set in Flint, MI.
A sitcom or skit where USA hires a nanny to watch over the Senate and/or House of Representatives.
All of humanity agrees to stop eating and using anything out of the oceans for 50 years.
Death penalty for tax fraud :)
Instead of being completely useless, make all progress bars generate a random number and count towards it. If the process finishes before that you get a treat.
Celebrity fanatic lovers and stalkers (men only) should unite to help eachother for making their way to their mistresses.
A third person game where the camera itself can be weaponized
What if streaming shows were released at 2 or 3 episodes at a time so each release covers an entire act or aspect of the story arc?
Every Wikipedia article should have TL;DR at the bottom
Take the Bagel Bites jingle, drop the tempo, and put it in a minor key. Market them to sad millennials.
A device, not a phone, where you can access all addictive news and social media apps for when you absolutely need them. The device can be kept far away at most times and your phone can be in your presence without thinking about your next dopamine hit.
SON OF SAM: The Sammy Davis Jr. Story
In every Sherlock Holmes adaptation, Watson should first inspect the toilet at the scene, make sure to exit when Holmes says something obvious, and matter-of-factly report to him "No shit, Sherlock.".
A Run by Fruiting
Actually explain something to me like I'm a five year old child on r/explaintomelikeimfive
Need an app for cooking that uses everything
We could make tiktok unfindable on Google play/appstore, hear me out:
usa - ban all political parties, the electoral college and fine anyone that does not vote
Start implementing major climate change prevention while companies are closed.
another mario anime
Talking normal talk in programming language
Daddy-Os a line of alcoholic cereals
A Fat Day setting on food trackers that hides the calorie counts until you’re ready to know.
A Deadpool/Spider-Man crossover movie but it's Reynold's Deadpool and MCUs Spider-Man
Wireless wifi
This.
DMCA Bots should be Illegal
A wildlife show narrated by sports announcers.
A bot that turns everything Joe Biden says into Trumpspeak
A Reality Show To Make Rich Celebrities More Considerate
For every looter that protesters bring before the police, $1000 gets donated to a black charity from fines levied onto the looter.
Human sized Skee ball but with bowling ball sized skee balls and a bigger ramp. That would be so cool.
Zombies that can access their host's memories to trick people into getting bit
Require a license with continuing education requirements to claim your child as a dependent on your taxes (government funded).
Have thousands of people describe their dream online, and then an AI makes an average dream out of it combining all of the descriptions.
A medical drama where the only available treatment is to shove progressively larger objects up the patient's arse
While everyone is too concerned about the government hiding the truth about aliens, they're secretly hiding mythical creatures like vampires, sirens, werewolves, sea monsters, etc.
We should change the door setup at shops so it’s like a funnel where groups of anti-maskers can’t reach to entrance together, rather it’s only wide enough for one person at the building entrance. Use wooden boards with no windows so they can’t see the cops/security and get too excited.A sequel to Her (2013) called Him where all the A.I. join together as one entity who returns to destroy earth. Directed by M. Night Shymalan and featuring Will Smith as the voice of Him.
Steal someone's Uno reverse card and when they say "Hey! that's mine!" just show it to them and say "Uno reverse"
John Wick becoming a part of Marvel, alongside the Avengers
A Google Home-type device that is like a digital whoopee cushion, embarrassing its owner
Crazy idea: Throw a 3 day house party at an air BNB for your wedding. Use the profits to invest in a fund for your kids well being.
Americans should be able to vote for 2 Presidents
Joe Biden should make his campaign slogan, make American great again
The government should pay its citizens if they choose to use a specific covid contact tracing app regularly. It would make contact tracing way easier and free cash for people who want to contribute.We can put a man on the moon but there isn't a washer that dries clothes?
Fucksercize: a revolutionary new workout phenomenon using movements from the bedroom on the gym floor (pulsing planks, weighted bridges, low squats, and more).
Words with Franz
Ban news agencies reporting on panic buying thus limiting the spread of panic.
Reddit should have a random chat function. For those who are bored, stuck at home because or quarantine or just would like to find new friends or partner.
A game show called "Kid Rock vs Kids with Rocks"
The ultimate game
Lock all the Flat-Earthers and Global Warming Deniers into a permanently attached set of VR gear that only runs Minecraft.
Reddit should just have a verification page for new accounts to prove they're not bots instead of all the complicated rules based on karma.
Vote gestures in Reddit.
Just get rid of the Oscars, it's one of the most unpleasant thins to watch
Giant billiards, played on an indoor soccer field or basketball court. Replace the pockets with six small goals. The "cue ball" is a small ball 2-4 players must kick into 15 other slightly larger balls in order to move them. Otherwise, normal pool rules apply.
Imagine a TV ad that talks about the benefits on Nofap with testimonies
They should make a Karen porn parody where a stereotypical ‘Karen’ gets fucked by the manager
Create a vaccinated Baby-Sitters Club.
Counter Clocks
Since we have different time zones so the sun is at the zenith at noon everywhere in the world, we should also have hemispheric calendars so December can be the month of the winter solstice everywhere in the world.
The internet is too helpful, we need every search to exclusively give back articles from the onion.
Someone should make a pizza resturant just to call it "Nobody" because nobody out-pizzas the hut.
A Kickstarter to start a business that creates crowdfunding services, a Kickstarter starter kickstarter, the ultimate pyramid scheme
On July 5th, dress up as the president and make a speech in front of the White House saying that it's actually July 4th today because they accidentally added a leap day to February this year.
Radioactive dust to trace rioters.
All future US presidents shouldn't have political power and are only representatives for the country
You can only get a GED, not a high school diploma is graduating from a private school
Mosquitennis
A Random Episide Choice on Netflix
An accurate way of measuring how much time was spent on a word document. Idling shouldn't count.
After getting the COVID vaccine walk out through the waiting room like a robot saying ‘Bill Gates is love. Bill Gates is life’
Make a Short Circuit type movie, except "starring" some of the real-life and functional robots from Boston Dynamics.
Poop on ceiling fan max speed have diarrhea fling like a muddy shower
Shoes with sophiscated wheels
Just once, and not for at least another 50 years, forgive all crimes and let everyone start over so ppl who have secrets held over them won't do things to you anymore for reasons they can't say
A digital nomad blog that is not caucasian
An app that you can hire someone to come pick up stuff you need to have packaged and shipped somewhere
Every person in Portland US should have to give up their latest stimulus check back to the government to rebuild everything that Antifa and BLM have destroyed and burnt.
Make people click on your post to see the full post when there isn't anything there, but also make them
Create an AI fact checker for fictional universes
Instead of traditional movie sequels/prequels we should start retelling films from a different character's perspective.
Request a product to be sold
There should be an option to turn off the progress bar and timer on videos so you never know how long it’s going to be.
Mass-produce a drink that has the recommended daily doses of pure essential nutrients (carbs, protein, fat, vitamins, minerals, water) and sell it
A site like GoFundMe / Paetron but for panhandling.
Posts/comments in the Top 50 subreddits should not earn karma for your account
Everyone stops buying junk off Amazon until Jeff Bezos Gives 90% of his money away
A show like “biggest loser” but for underweight or skinny people who want to pack on muscle
Why not make a third league in sports for non-binary people?
Cookies made with helium
We should be able to buy gold with Karma
What if Santa is real but he doesn't come out anymore because we've all got FOMO and buy our own presents
Move Donald Trump into a retirement home designed like the oval office so he can pretend to still play president if he refuses to leave after Biden is elected.
Besides cutting video streaming default to 480p, Youtube should stop providing ads to keep the internet traffic clear.
Scalp transplant.
Why Didn’t I think of that
We should reward people socially and otherwise when they admit when they're wrong.
A FPS MOBA
Diet Sodas that have real sugar, but less.
A multiplayer game where one player is human and others are mosquitoes/bugs.
World leaders should wage war by engaging in fistfights with each other.
How to become a god
An inverse Hitman or Assassin's Creed game where instead of killing people, you travel the world doing nice things like taking important targets out to lunch or delivering special birthday presents in order to change the shape of world affairs by improving people's moods.
The Presidential debate should be the Wipeout TV show
Denny's should capitalize on COVID-19 with a commemorative menu item called the 'Grand Slamdemic Breakfast',
u/fwordcountbot
Nerve end a post or comment with a period
Jay Z's about to change everything we thought we knew about men's fashion forever with his new "Jay Z Dukes" summer denim line.
Using your phone as a vape battery
Some popular terrorist organization should take and use the (heart) symbol to forever ruin it for typical, nice purposes.
An Apron that can be worn during bbqs that says nice rack on it with a picture of ribs
Adopt-A-Grave
On Nov. 3, 2020 aka US Election Day, r/all should be just be puppies, kittens, bunnies and other objectively wholesome happiness.
Horror movie about a guy with a fishing bow in the woods. He shoots you in the knee from the tree line, then slowly reels you in.
Let's start putting bets on which school district will fire all of its teachers and switch to offshore Indian professors first.
Top 5 Legit Ways to Make 200 Dollars in One Day Guaranteed
Sniper rifle that shoots throwing knives.
JOE EXOTIC - Who wouldn't love to be pen pals with this rare, exotic manbeast?
Get money from google ads pay people for their stories
"Girl insurance"/"boy insurance" - a policy that pays you out in the case of a break-up, divorce or infidelity.
A brand of junk food designed to make you feel really sick to scare your brain into not wanting sweets.
Frozen, cooked beef pattie popsicles. For doggos!
Develop a third party app for Reddit that blocks Reddit from taking personal data from its users.
r/askreddit should have a "jklol" button on  posts
Croc™ Pot
A subreddit moderated by children where only children are allowed to post.
Legally mandate all grocery stores to be curbside pickup only
During the quarantine, most artists/bands could work on new albums with this whole free time at hand , so when the quarantine ends they all would be releasing LP albums that fans would be delighted about.
Everyone should steal everyone else's identity
What if women had nipples as their weapon
Premier League club, let's say Newcastle United buys Messi and Ronaldo. They play a couple of matches in China so they will make a nice profit,
Every major celebrity willing to march should lead a peaceful protest while streaming live. The police department will have to think very hard wether they want to actually hurt and be sued by people with the resources and connections to stand up to them in the court of law
Why in shows about murder. Most of the murderers are white American men killing family, friends, children, wife etc. (Meaningless crimes)
In communities like ELI5 and AskReddit award and upvote the people who answer the questions rather than who ask them
Riddles, brain teasers and trick questions should all be integrated in schools somehow
Find a way to convert the worlds largest pile of yard waste, piling mountains upon mountains of it, into tasty food
Tattoo remover potato peelers for emo kids
Reddit premium customization idea
To honor Chad Boseman, Real Life Black Panthers should co-op MCU Black Panther fans and protest together.
mobility catapults
Stores should have a limit to how much toilet paper and other supplies you can buy in bulk until the Coronavirus craze dies down a bit
Due to coin flip Gorge Washington still technically makes decisions to this day
Idea about a dating app based on a system of speed dating
How about controlled exposure to the coronavirus?
Replace you teeth with bigger teeth
Anyone who is accused and confesses of murder, rape, kidnapping should be handed off to the family for them to deal with
ask politicians what question they are most scared of being asked, and call bull if they keep bringing up questions they dont seem scared of, and keep digging, instead of letting them direct the conversation to manipulate people
Opening a Russian-German WW2 themed bar
We should cause inflation by upvoting every reddit post, thus devaluing the upvote and taking down the karma whores.
Drive around from midnight through the early morning tomorrow for extreme “dodgems” with the drunk drivers.
Once the coronavirus pandemic is over, we use our remaining toilet paper to teepee the White House
Remove someone's penis and graft it onto their forehead to make a unicorn.
Sell Borg-Level health insurance policies that maintain all of your bodily functions in exchange for your biological and technological distinctiveness.
Advertisers should work together Rather than see an 'ad' from. Mc burger and blah blah Why don't the advertisers work together creating a short 3-4 minute film where they go crazy on product placement etc
If youtube automatically added timestamps at which the users started to type a comment, we can easily filter out a lot of spam and get a better context of what the user really meant, judging by his progress in the video.
What if a mouse cursor was always centered and moving the mouse moved the desktop around
Amazon would save a lot of money on shipping costs (damages, returns, packaging, fuel, insurance, workers, etc) in the long term by just sending new prime members a free 3D printer.
Would Bulbasaur's vines regenerate if they were burnt so badly they had been severed?
Start a stretching program for people with IBS called "Poolades"
Serve orange jus instead of orange juice at a fancy restaurant
The amount of karma we have should be the amount of money we make here
A sanctuary men can go to that is just a bunch of lazy boys where we can be on our phones in peace without our wives complaining.
Teach Prisoners Marketing Skills
There’s a correlation between the rise in belief in conspiracy theories and the legalization/acceptance of marijuana
Make a series of big budget films that use conspiracy theories as the premise for each film
An umbrella that folds up so when you climb into your car and pull it down it doesn’t cover you in water.
"Dining with DeVito" a new diner outside Vegas that has a wax statue of Danny D from seated at each booth. When you open the menu, a little built in speaker plays a line from one his movies.
Encourage inmates to commit suicide. Provide them with the means to do so.
believe that evolution will ever stop so we will ever be safe from new dangerous viruses evolving
What if all websites had a page with a list of links to what they consider to be the best pages not on their website, but on the entire internet, bringing about a golden age of the internet where everyone could effortlessly "browse by best."
When a post is locked, disable the inputs so people can't write comments instead of just preventing submission
Place a video of Meghan Kelly or Tami Loren casting side-by-side of a shot of another woman from behind with the exact casters' top and hair (so it looks like a back shot of Meghan Kelly or Tami Loren or really its just a double), but she's bottomless, and sitting on some guys face, and farting.
Fire fighting drones
An app like Tinder, But for making friends
Bi-colored towels with a designated side for genitalia drying and a designated side for face drying
Handheld sniper rifles that can all be fired remotely and simultaneously by a single person
384.6 Yotta Watts Power Bank. A Power Bank that has an energy capacity of the sun.
Add a mode in MLB The Show that lets you play as the Astros when they were cheating. The controller vibrates depending on the pitch.
A movie about a killer where the first half is horror and the second half is courtroom drama
American males should wear pants that actually fit them properly.
Sandra Hall grishazajcev99
Drop a coin in the cup of homeless-looking hipster hanging by Starbucks
Donate without money nor effort automatically using Youtube
Relationship Dilemma. What is the right thing to do ?
A normal messaging app but when you send unsolicited nudes it overvolts your phone battery causing an explosion
The Fed could manage inflation by adjusting a UBI instead of top down through interest rates.
Alzheimer's Society should send mailshots to random people saying 'thanks for the donation'
A service which rates your voice.
Seinfeld as a genderswapped anime series featuring same plots but with schoolgirls
Have a feature on reddit where you can select how many post you want to be shown so you dont waste all if your time.
Let votes accumulate. If you missed voting in the last election, you can vote twice in the next one.
A reality show for 2021: The Trial of Donald Trump.
Create a life-sized inflatable Boeing 747, fill it with helium and release it into the sky.
Non-Stick toilets
An app where you send your fart to somebodies dog
Start a cloning company but staff it with twins &amp; triplets in order to raise fast capital
To combat racism, humanity should turn our bigotry to the stars and devote our energy to being human supremacists and hate aliens.
Bottle of cereal. Drink on the go. Wide opening, perfect milk to cereal ratio everytime. Sold at refrigerated sections of gas stations and groceries stores.
I wish yearbooks had a QR code under each student portrait so you can scan and see where they are in life.
You can wirelessly transfer water with a humidifier and dehumidifier.
A children’s picture hunt book about climate change and ecosystems, “Where’s Walrus?”
SEEKING CRAZY WILD NEW INVENTIONS!
Do not allow kids to graduate high school or get a GED unless they keep their BMI &lt;30.
If Trump actually succeeds in increasing the stimulus to $2000, everyone should donate $1400 to his "anti election fraud" slush fund.
Feeling sick and your Government is calling a Pandemic outbreak a Hoax, send them a postcard.
Meat substitute burgers mixed with actual meat
Social Network where anyone can upload anything and it will be archived for future generations to see how we lived.
Bed drains for farts. Two tubes (one on either side of the bed) with one end under the duvet and the other end outside of it so smelly farts can seep out, thus avoiding a Dutch oven.
The riot police change radically alter their strategy in dealing with both the riots and protests. It's making things worse. Here's an idea:
In addition to the Covid stimulus checks, we should all receive government-issued bowl cuts.
poles that stop disabled bay abusers from leaving a store, so they need to walk up and admit what they did would be satisfying and likely sucessful. maybe staff wear a hi vis saying "bay abuser"
Kill two birds with one stone by never letting go of the stone
Stephen Kings: It, but on on a ship
“Apple has ‘air.’ Amazon has ‘fire.’ Google has ‘earth.’ I think Microsoft should create something called ‘water.'
Get enough people to fill an entire talk-show audience and have them sit silently the entire time.
Instead of Columbus Day, it should really just be "Columbo Day"...
A game called “2020 Headlines”: you'll have to guess which are real and which aren't.
Lil Wayne should rap about saving Earth from climate change
I want to start an air band where all of the songs are originals
C¤MPLEX Request
RollerCoin - BitCoin Simulator That Makes Real BitCoin
Reddit save all the posts you have ever seen and never show them back again
Jerky Jerky: the utilitarian meat company
My Proposition for the Liberation of all Mankind
An app where you can bet on people who are trying to finish goals.
Have a social media platform dedicated to people on their death bed so that they don't feel alone in their situation.
You know how some people say we're living in a simulation, then you know how in simcity you can activate all these disasters to occur when you're bored of the game?
Decrease milk prices the closer they are to the expiration date.
Open up a sporting goods store; name it "Dicks".
Dick Flops
When you cross post something on Reddit you should get the karma but the op who you crossed posted from should also get the same karma, 1 for 1
A cooking show like Hells Kitchen but all the contestants are homeless people
Reddit should have a specific award that donates 2.50€ to fund Coronavirus cures/vaccines, just like the firefighter Koala for the fires!
Crunchy pudding
A computer virus that installs Folding@Home. A digital virus to fight a real one.
A Restaurant that makes you compete for your food.
Amazon should have a filter for where items are manufactured(e.g a search for “shoes” but only shoes made in Pakistan appear etc)
MI6 or Mossad should hack Trump's Twitter account and concede defeat and tell everyone to wear a mask.
A place where healthy people without conditions can purposely get Corona in a controlled setting in order to develop antibodies
"Surfin' U.S.S.R." by The Borscht Boys, performed with balalaikas and everything.
Another burger store
Buy me a Rolls Royce and I'll use it to Uber people around.
Insert glo-in-the-dark dust particles in a room so it looks like it’s snowing at night
Hi, i'm animator and i love cats. The animation is about my nervous cat :)
each person is randomly paired with 1 other person, but neither knows who it is. If something good or bad happens to that other person, it happens to you also. Force people to care about eachother.
Create a usa constitutional amendment to limit the risk of usa becoming a dictatorship etc by listing some of the common ways a dictatorship forms and banning the most obvious of them, like "no secret laws" and "no forcing people to believe things that are not supported by peer reviewed science"
Every time a law is passed, the conditions that made the law necessary should be included, as well as the conditions in which the law should be repealed.
For a slightly more tender version of toast, first boil the bread for thirty minutes before you toast it.
People who create the clothing must model it.
You should be able to require somebody leaving a voicemail to push a button to eliminate robo call messages
If you start picking up lost hairs that you find on the street and gluing them on your car, one day you'll have a car fully covered in human hair. And all this for free.
Skyrocket Your Business With These 5 Tactics
Make the Genius facts box in Spotify just the lyrics to each song
This is the perfect opportunity to set a new Cannonball Run record
I want a rotary cell phone that shit would be 🔥🔥🔥
Stroke rap
What if there are no drug dealers, they're all just LEOs trying to maintain their various covers?
Get all "covid deniers" and "no maskers" to forfeit their treatment for the virus.
Start an Mlm that uses tree seeds for planting as the product they use to scam people with
What if everyone just declared bankruptcy
Fortnite is a necessary evil to adults because it annoys almost everyone but behind the scenes its tackling large corporations and challenging the technological paradigm we know
A giant telescope mounted on a satellite orbiting the earth that could watch and record everything that happens on the earth and help with surveillance and solve crimes?
Mods should look at what kind of discussion is happening in posts rather than just deleting everything they feel bends the rules.
Categorise all super hero movies to documentaries
Have someone in full medieval armor square off against an Australian funnel web spider for one million dollars.
A reality show that invites Redditors and quizzes them about topics they have claimed in comments to know about
Trump will fake his death by covid to avoid all punishment
Put a sensor on every police officer's weapon holster that records every time they draw their weapon and make them file detailed paperwork for every incident stating the reason for potentially using deadly force
For every hand written form that requires you to write down a series of numbers, for accounts, ID etc. At the bottom: require the person to write down all 10 numbers.
Tiny robots in each corner of your shower curtain. Open and close the curtain for you, hold it away from you when you shower, and hold it away from the tub afterwords so it dries out properly!
A system that bleeps out speech whenever a politician lies.
Get Reddit to agree to exclusively make dark mode memes to reduce global energy consumption.
Feature some Transformers as supporting characters in the next Toy Story film, with figure-accurate conversions.
A gameshow that tapes a year before coming on tv that tries to predict how that year went. Contestants that land the weirdest specific things that come true get the most points
Southwest Airlines should give out pretzels instead of peanuts all month without explaining why.
With 5G being slowly deployed by carriers around the USA, they should bundle the towers with cameras to help with criminal investigations.
A cube that flies until it creates that Spanish Inquisition
Steam should push for "testing" versions of games, so that those of us with lower end computers can try out a game we're thinking of playing to see how it will run before making a purchase.
If the rich can sometimes publicly get away with murder, what if someone started a business that offers to kill any poor person for $billion and use part of that profit to legalize that action.
What if the TV show Hunted (UK) was being filmed at the beginning of March 2020 and the contestants were off grid and didn't even know that "lock down" was happening?
I’VE DISCOVERED HOW TO END THE WORD ON DRUGS!!
Chinese genocide
A Pokémon game set in the future. Something happened where most of the old gen Pokémon perished and new species came to be due to natural selection.
carry a lightning rod with you while walking in theory safely in a rainy lightning storm. Somehow theres a long layer of dry nonconductor between you and the lightning rod which drags a wet rope etc to the ground far from you. People hiding in near buildings yell "go inside you lunatic" but is safe?
Saw this on a YouTube comment and it’s too great to pass by: there should be a guest mode for phones and computers on browsers. Would avoid a lot of awkward situations and people would lend their phones more easily lol
Neighbourhood Watch schemes should put giant googly eyes in their windows that follow people walking down the street
BLOCKBUSTER should become a streaming service where they only have films with a budget over $100 million
Pee should yellow instead of red
A candle that smells like a new book
Everyone google "why is the sky red" at 11:59 PM GMT on December 31st. Confuse the hell out of search algorithms and have a fitting end to the year
A car, powered by cow shit.
An VR game for a treadmill, running incredibly fast on a city street, with everyone frozen in place, like the Flash.
Enemies with benefits
James Bond should be stuck in an impossible situation - Only to be rescued by an army of James Bond Juniors - Sons of the women he has been sleeping with since 1963!
Frequent votes (by the people, not their masters) on how much power the people should have over the government and in what ways.
Labors of Hercules, but with Chris Benoit
What if actors could only ever appear in one movie. So you get a fresh face in every movie.
Shorten voicemail instructions
Meat flavored COVID masks so dogs will still lick us in the face
A program that distorts every frame of a video to be 99% noise, but when played still keeps its visual animation. Advertise it as a video that induces insanity.
What if goats all speak perfect Portuguese and I just can't understand them because I don't speak Portuguese?
A competition where before I die I hire a Coffin Confessor to come speak at my funeral mixed in with family and friends. Then at the end of my service everyone takes a guess who the actor was. The person(s) who guess correctly gets a piece of my estate.
Make the British Royal Crown A Literal, Rather Than Symbolic, Source of Power. No More Lines of Succession. Royalty is Controlled By Literally Wearing a Royal Crown. If You Can Manage to Steal the Crown and Put in On Your Head, You Are Now the British Monarch.
A video sharing app but for goats
Use the whole bottle of bubble bath for one bath.
Close all grocery stores to walk-ins. Let everyone order online and pick up in parking lot.
Free Netflix for everyone in areas impacted by COVID-19 until the pandemic is contained
Purchase one of those memorial bricks they use to fund something like at Disney, etc. And inscribe “ beneath this brick lies the ashes of _______” and insert whoever you want. It would really screw with people who walk over the brick.
Gnutella: Made with real gnu
An App that whenever you put an email into your trash, it comes up for someone else in an inbox labeled Treasure
The Shadow 2 (4 years later)
protest at a political rally by everyone wearing a hitler mustache
A news station that randomly selects different people to be the weathermen, hosts, interviewers, sports announcers, etc. The station is maintained by producers and gives you the opportunity to listen to a different person's opinion about events. Sports announcers change every game.
Make a learning algorithm go through Google's dinosaur game so it can get an infinite score.
Using boba straws in milkshakes so you can drink it right away
cut something you can comfortably wear, still with tiny ventilation holes, out of a 3d block of cloth, instead of 1d threads
Normalize asking before you call someone.
Michael Chiklis should star a chewing gum company called Michael's Chiclets
Open a business called Cabinets For Humanity where you install free cabinets for homes that can’t afford nice ones.
Super Saiyan Chess
A small camera drone A LA ‘Blade Runner 2049’ that launches from your car’s dome when police pull you over.
Rejected concepts for Disney hotels.
Replace spectator mode with a journalist role in battlefield type games
The weather channels / apps start only showing the “Feels Like” temperature instead of the actual temperature
I want to be able to schedule an Amazon driver to come pick up e-waste (batteries, speakers, small appliances) so it can be recycled properly.
There should be an anonymous commenter button that everybody can just use instead of making a whole new throwaway account.
Require manufacturers to put carbon emissions produced from their product on the packaging or label.
Death to Mark David Chapman, Robert John Bardo, Jesus Mezquía, Yolanda Saldívar and Mickey Wagstaff! No celebrity will be safe while these blood-thristy beasts are still alive!!
A Cold World War.
Now the Brexit is for real, the USA should extend an offer to England to join the union -- in Apprentice style.
Inkjet printers should print a comic strip or web-comic every week you don't use them.
Car manufacturers list the amount of oil needed for the engine on the oil cap.
We should start a thread where someone has a cakeday for every day of the year
An online multiplayer game where you play as the government of a state can tweak economic parameters to grow your state.
Lottery Idea (people for people)
No more disposable dishes. Everyone buys permanent portable dishes that you take to the restaurant to receive your order in. If you order food at home, the delivery person serves you on your own dishes or they can leave a box or plates that you pay a deposit for. Return them later for refund.
Use people with allergies to find out ingredients in secret recipes
Have a bar called Jupiter’s, where the boys go to get more stupider.
You should be able to do vigilante justice if you can pass a pysch exam and an IQ test.
Everyone just start saying they're going to vote for trump, so that they don't try to suppress you. Then vote otherwise once you get into the voting station.
Non-Profit-Organization rents coach buses for thousands of poor inner city people of color to visit afluent rich people gettaway towns like the hamptons every weekend during the summer, just to piss off rich white people.
Rename the human race
Rename Aunt Jemima to Aunt Nancy
Create a new island at the antipode of Iceland and name it "Fireland"
That whole vaping pneumonia fiasco last September was actually Corona.
Don’t open the stock market.
Isolated resorts or cities where people pay to live in a different decade and every detail is true to the era.
We all agree a day where we won't order anything from Amazon.
Government Sponsored Legal Assault
EverPresent- The gift that KEEPS ON giving!A sarcastic font
A man's home is his castle. Turn your suburban home into an actual castle, with stone walls, corbeling, machicolations, moat and draw bridge, the works. Do not get approval from your local city government or HOA. After you finish, what are they going to do about it? You live in a castle.
A device for people with Attention Deficit that
An anthology series that tells the stories of the many different Dread Pirate Robertses.
True Universal Healthcare = free healthcare for anyone in the universe
The N-Word but for the British.
Democrats should start wearing "Make America Great Again" hats to show their support for Joe Biden.
In debates you can only talk for 20 seconds at a time to align with the length of Human short term memory
Weighted PC case
Sick Days can be used as Jail Days for if you're thrown in jail or for even part of a prison sentence.
We should train intelligent birds or other animals (like crows) to pick up trash in exchange for food.
I know this sound crazy
An example that with the right diet and some sacrifice you can lose weight without problems.
so I have this crazy idea... Help make my wife's 40th birthday something awesome in this crazy time.
Amazon should use boxes that look like objects people would leave at their front door, like a garden gnome or fake rock.
A challenge where you only spend $100 in a month ($3.33/day)
Reddit Silver should be 1/10th the cost of actual silver. Reddit Gold should be 1/10th the cost of actual gold.
A brand of X-ray glasses: "Naked Eyes"
YouTube should have comprehensive video description guides for viewers and creators
Allow poaching of poachers.
Gas prices based on fuel efficiency. The higher the efficiency, the lower the price per gallon. Profits go directly to supporting social programs like schools and parks.
There are ideas that lay covered underneath other ideas, when exposed uncover themselves as a clear idea you didn’t pursue. Some, like this one, are crazy ideas .
Make financial investments based on Simpson's episodes that haven't predicted the future yet.
A Mass Effect TV series
Prank people by painting a bee to look like a wasp. Get stung in the painting process.
Using block chain and TOR to allow people in oppressed counties to express themselves
A broadway Musical drama with Early 2000 pop music.
With the current impact of corona virus, we should rename our era to BC: "before Corona" and AD: "anno Disease" and confuse future generations
The Reddit upvote/downvote system should be on all social media
Since trolls love downvotes the way normal people like upvotes, we should keep them as close to zero as possible: upvote when below, downvote when above.
Fandango should allow users to long-press/hover over a movie time to get a peek at seats available.
What if r/CrazyIdeas was created by an advanced alien civilization who wanted to see how close our speculations are to their reality?
Joe Rogan does podcast live streamed from inside Elon Musk's boring machine (with guests and while smoking pot)
A device that you put in your pocket that vibrates when your phone gets a notification.
Make gym equipment generate electricity.
Combine and divide US states until each of the 50 states have 5 to 8 million people in it.
Actors only play one character ever. It is the same character in each role.
Reddit should add different kinds of upvotes for posts/comments that are funny, insightful, etc.
Vaccine so you are not affected by ads
Legal streaming sites that are at least as fast as their pirate alternatives, if not faster.
A holiday like Saint Patrick’s Day, but instead of dressing in the color green, everybody has sex with each other.
Education system should include sign language so that we don't have to remove our headphones every freaking time someone has to say something to us.
Assuming a rate of 4 showers per week, a single person could save ~750 gallons of water each year by peeing in the shower.
Pokémon Detective Pikachu Reanimated: A Collab where a lot of animators recreate the 2019 movie named Pokémon Detective Pikachu
A marvel movie starring loki
Universal signal for, “put on a fucking mask, you asshole!”
Someone should pass a law that if you bail someone out and they commit a crime within 48 hours that you are also charged.
A bechdel test for politics.
Bombs should be illegaltocinslmkakamamansjkx to To to citizens citizens.
The number of words in your Obituary should be equal to the amount of years you've lived.
Antman 3 should star the original Antman in his prime, using the same de-aging software used on Samuel L Jackson for in Captain Marvel
Toilets should have two handles: one that flushes normally (for shit) and one that flushes with less water (for piss)
"Fupers" It's like Hooters but with Fupa's. All the meals are small like "tiny bits" from Rick and Morty and all the servers are obese women.
In March 1 2021, Upvote and award posts in r/pee and r/poop.
Breaking Bad Fact
Monopoly, but with a loaded handgun on the center of the board
A "Makeover" show focused on extreme carbon polluters and showing them how to become carbon neutral
A football league for 55+ aged players. You'd be able to see Dan Marino, Joe Montana, OJ etc all play again.
Public Service Announcements
Moderate news and social media outlets through a system of cost-prohibitive fines that rely on proving demonstrably false information that is shared in bad faith. People can say what they want, but that freedom of speech should not extend to private platforms with vast influence for profit.
A place where the homeless can live where they do chores in return for rent
Create brown toilets
Change the up/down vote buttons such that they become links into seperate threads full of people that pressed the same button rather than posts having a number of points
A movie about aliens pretending to be humans, but make those aliens CGI humans, so it nails the uncanny valley look
An AI text editor that helps you rhyme. When you click on a word it gives you all the best and most used words that rhyme with it.
Esports events but it's all bots
Self-therapy with an AR version of yourself
When someone deletes a comment, instead of it saying ‘removed/deleted’, the comment just disappears.
Hijack a popular instagram account and turn it into a climate change awareness account.
Anyone posting so a NSFW sub saying anything like "I'm bored, won't someone join me?" Or "I'm so fucking Horney" should make his or her address available via dm. Put your money where your mouth is internet nude people!
Guaranteed no ads on youtube medical tutorial videos, because seconds can save lives
Communism would be ideal, but it would never work in this country because of how brainwashed by the media the liberals and conservatives are.
Being able to buy and sell shares in actors.
Drug Trump on Jan 19th, take him to a Truman-show-esque White House and tell him that he's still in charge. Put it on TV.
Every single person on twitter tweets 'penis' on the same day and whoever gets the most likes within 24 hours gets a special plaque from twitter.
Citizens should directly allocate where they want their taxes to go
Crowdsource a documentary about the events of and leading up to the capitol riot.
A video game, but your playing as a single mom who gets paid minimum wage in the U.S.
Can't remember the name of a song or artist? Re-release it yourself and wait for the original artist to sue you
Merge blackpeopletwitter with whitepeopletwitter and just call it r/twitter.
A Social Distancing App Tracts your location, and pays you monthly to stay 6 ft away from parks, restaurants, and other phones. The app rewards you with $100-$2,000 per month depending on how successfully you Social Distance. Andrew Yang could spearhead this initiative 🤙
All police should have to have their badge numbers stitched in large font across the back of their uniforms and any gear that might cover it (bullet-proof vests, jackets, etc.)
If the multiverse theory is truth than it's possible you are already the best version of yourself. Does this makes sense?
Remakes of movies that are identical to the original. Same actors, same script, same director, same shots and locations, everything. All that's changed is the actors are obviously older and less enthusiastic.
Reddit should forego upvotes and downvotes entirely for a couple weeks or a month or whatever to see what happens.
Declare a literal war on Christmas. Gather a global coalition of nations. Deploy hundreds of thousands of troops for years-long deployments, scouring the polar wastes, seeking to find and destroy Santa's workshop.
Declare war on ads by designing a simulated person to watch them who has no money to buy things
Thin plastic sheets as washable, reusable toilet paper
The US government should provide aid to the cruise ship companies, but only if those companies agree to permanently register under US regulations.
DND or another Tabletop RPG but each potion your character takes is a cocktail for the player
A sub called r/clever-comebacks-come-backs dedicated to responses from the victims clever comeback. I would love to see how some of these people respond to just getting owned.
A plug-in app to Zoom so that during a videconference your voice is modulated in real time to sound like Darth Vader, Shrek, Butthead, or whomever.
A brothel/ sperm bank where you get a discount for donating when you Finnish
Put cannons on commercial airliners.
Backpacks with instantly and automatically deployed airbags that form around the neck and back of head of the person wearing them. To help protect from head injury in a fall or from being hit by a car
Open a company / or website to provide strippers but for funeral rather than bachelor parties and name it 'Thots and Prayers'
Buying shoes online
A jacket/hoodie with mini pillows attached on the inside of the hood, so you can sleep comfortably wherever you want
Countries should standardise roads while everyone is inside
Start a petition to have Queen Elizabeth send Betty White a birthday card next year on Betty's 100th birthday. As the Queen does for British citizens.
Reddit should have a meme maker built into it!!
La Vida Muert
Make green screens purple
Patent the U.S. Patent System and then sue the government for infringing your patent.
Call the Suicide Hotline on behalf on Ghislaine Maxwell, like, yesterday.
A modern technique for extracting info from a suspect. "Customer Service Torture", basically a non-stop barrage of hold music, getting transfered to another department (where they send you back to the first person), and random disconnections, making you start over.
Self blood donation center.
Venmo, so bro cows can pay for the bets they lost to other bro cows
Presidential debates should be a form of Jeopardy hosted by Alex Trebek, with categories such as The U.S. Constitution," "World History, "Ethics Rules "U.S. Foreign Policy" "Facts on Covid-19, and "Climate Science."
Since nobody’s able to get haircuts right now, particularly the men, let’s all grow our hair out and bring back the late 60s/post Vietnam long hair trend.
It should become the norm to have 2 blankets on each bed
Getting the script for a movie and choose a director that never watched it, then after the movie is released make a live stream of his reaction to the original movie.
King of Taco Island
Stores should ban all pets due to coronavirus
wear diapers on road trips so you don't have to bother with rest stops
Have Eric Andre interview Bernie Sanders on his show, however it's just a completely normal interview
Make despasito 4 years old
l luuuuuurve moi buggies
Upon graduating high school, students get $20,000
A podcast with 8d audio
Unload (at least partially) that stick ship in the Suez. Make it float more. Then get it out of the way. Then outlaw shops that big from going down that waterway. These ideas don’t seem crazy, though.
An App which lets you order food and have it delivered directly to your house
unstable markets fix
Give every living person a pacemaker
Eat your own shit until you die
Switch the "gender neutral" pronoun every half century
Presidential debates should work like chess
Sonic 2D Maker for Switch
When you google a celebrity/public figure, you should be able to rate them like a movie or tv show.
A modular ‘LEGO’ smart phone or tablet with separate battery, processor, screen, radio, storage and speaker components.
Instead of putting everybody on perma-lockdown just because you're a socially conscious introvert who wants to help the environment and likes people looking up to service workers or whatever, why not just look at the other things that make people behave in those positive ways and motivate those
For plasma donations, use the blisters of burn victims as blisters fill up with plasma.
Creating a portal to a parallel genderbent world and impregnating yourself would essentially lead to natural cloning.
The democratic party nominates an actual good candidate
Game show based on Among Us b
We should retrain wild lions so that the structure of the pride is less patriarchal.
It should be mandatory for boys to get a vasectomy when they turn 13
Give Netflix a 'VHS mode' where everything you select is already at the end and you have to sit and wait for it to rewind
To combat upselling, subtract an item for each one offered after you've placed an order
If every single person would just spend time to cover our basic needs (and they would be shared for free), how much time would be left?
Choose the president by whoever is closest to the sun is the president right then. Imagine them sweating in a spaceship.
Reddit stops being politically obsessed for the next 4 yearsUnethical Crazy Idea: Custom real dolls modeled around a photo of someone who would be disgusted by the idea
How about reddit not truncating long titles. Its an absolute joke they don't do it to ads. Reddit, sort yourself out!
On the week of everyone's 18th birthday, they spend a day in jail in order to give everyone an idea of what happens if they screw up their lives.
We should unite together as common citizens to overthrow the owner class.
Loop tape of you sitting there nodding your head (like in oceans 11 bank vault) for zoom meetings , so you can go to the bathroom or go make a cuppa coffee or take a nap
Someone should actually implement a crazy idea from r/CrazyIdeasAll of therapy is a actually just placebo.
launch smart rockets towards possible life baring planets with various life forms, organism, organic material, and inscriptions for any possible future intelligent species that may evolve over the following eons.
A -100 to 100 scale for the healthiness of food.
Jurassic Park but nothing bad happens and its just a normal boring dino zoo
An automatic 30% tax on any funds being transferred to known tax havens.
Why not designate communities for people who are racist/want to be separated from everyone else?
Microsoft Edge should work on making the Google Chrome site freakishly fast on their browser, may make some chrome devotees reconsider
A website that puts ads on YouTube videos, but only ones that have comments disabled, that allows it's viewers to go directly to a third party comment section.
Netflix comes up with a show called “Amazon Originals” about natural resources originating from the Amazon river
When you die, you get to see statistics for any aspect of your life. Ex. “How many hours did I spend on a computer” or “How many hamburgers did I eat” literally anything.
Be nice to one another.
Ask the president.
If life gives you lemons, don’t use it to make lemonade. Instead, squirt the lemon juice in peoples eyes. Why should you be the only person to suffer in this sour- citric life recipient scenario.
If Netflix offers over 5000 movies and shows for $12.99, they should let you pay for just one movie or show for just $0.0026.
An app to connect old wealthy sick folks that have no family with young disadvantaged people that need lifting up.
Unfollow the rich.
Get sports people to stop invoking God so he can focus on more important things!
Make it a law for anyone who refuses to wear a mask in a food establishment pay for all the food, since they are technically contaminating it all.
Reddit should add a spreading Coronavirus award
Republicans think the wall is hugely important. Democrats think climate change mitigation is. What if they COMPROMISED and funded both?
Collect all the statues that people are tearing down in the US and ship them to Egypt. Then one day when the US wants them back, use them as bargaining chips to get ancient Egyptians relics that early grave robbers stole and sold to the US back to Egypt.
Streaming websites allow you to change the frame rate and resolution separately
A social network where the weight of a downvote is more than the weight of an upvote.
In the far future, when VR and consciousness uploading is immaculate, prisoners use it to escape from real reality and live in a simulation
Hold a side election for who gets to tweet "it is what it is" if Trump loses the election
Build a gas chamber to disinfect medical personnel’s PPE’s.
Police officers should have a live stream of their body cameras so they can't "accidentally" delete it
Make something that acts like fondant icing, but tastes good
Cheap packaging versions of food items.
Biden should offer the extradition of Trump to Iran as part of a new nuclear deal
Someone needs to make candy that looks like Tide Pods!
It would be a crazy idea if the government found a way to 3D print actual money to help stop the deforestation of our trees.
Make a non-stick toilet bowl like a non-stick pan to ensure nothing stays on that surface.
Create a pyramid scheme but instead of just defrauding them, show your investors they can defraud people down the line by doing the same you've done to them
Kill all the billionaires, use the money to make a free global healthcare. The world doesn't need billionaires
Appliances should display how many kilojoules of energy they have consumed over the last 7 days.
Execute all black cops to satisfy both the racists and the protesters
Intentionally catch the Corona virus to develop immunity, then travel the world while rates are low and crowds are small.
What if the year 2020 isn't what's fucked up, but the entire decade?
Junk email deletes itself after 7 days
Laws should have trial periods (similar to starting a new product/service subscription). This way, (for example) if the UK ends up disliking Brexit, citizens could vote to revert at the end of the trial run. This would be similar to a consumer cancelling a product/service subscription.
Give politicians a no-questions-asked law-making ability. They can use it once and only once to force something into law, at the level of authority they would have given a vote, and they are to be humanely killed within one week of enacting the law.
To combat crime : get recorded, fingerprints on scene and get caught after doing a ROBBERY then its Lifetime in prison..... Get recorded, fingerprints on scene of murder and you get caught then DEATH PENALTY
It's faster to travel by going up to space, wait for the earth to rotate, and then descend to destination.
Fill the Great Basin of the USA with water
Holy Crap People I just invented a breakthrough device that gives those stricken with Attention Deficit disorder the ability to completely
What if we took everything from the great pacific garbage patch and have a fashion show/ furries use them to make fursuits (mascots can do this to)
A 'bug bomb' type device that's full of diluted alcohol so you can disinfect without having to use a spray bottle.
An ATM that doesnt ask you what language you speak
Lets make a real life PUBG
sea-level orbiter
Hold judges accountable for their sentencing such that they get investigated and fined for negligence if its found out that they were extremely lenient towards a violent offender and the offender has reoffended.
Speed up 2021 Tokyo Olympics by eliminating all heats. One mass 100m dash, one mass 300m butteryfly etc.
A bathroom that lifts the toilet cover when you turn on the lights and closes the toilet cover and flushes when you turn the light off
We build a second White House, put Donald Trump in there and start a Truman-Show with him
Food trucks should be driving around like ice cream trucks right now.
What if instead of using the r/ to pin a repost why not have the command be “hey I’ve seen this one”.
Let's paint all the roofs in the world white to compensate for the melting polar caps
A global group of people who are a big family
r/news and r/nottheonion should merge
Pooping ASMR
One word: Juggalolicon.
Lets change the slogan "Defund the Police" to "Divest policing and prison fund to reinvestment in social services in communities of color". It's more clear AND more catchy.
Wear no shirt and no shoes at stores that serve customers without mask
If an employer can't ask you about it, then you shouldn't talk about it once you get the job.
Add a share button to Instagram DMs
If the candidates are within a certain number of votes of each other for a particular state, split the electoral votes of that state so half the people aren't immediately disenfranchised.
Play a scary movie in front of a ton of tree stumps to make petrified wood
Make censoring like spoilers on reddit. Its blacked out until you click it, or you could use a browser plugin to auto click it.
So the vaccine for covid 19 isn’t here yet but when it is, the crazy idea is to get corona vaccine and fuse them into gas so that every vehicles would spread the vaccine all over the world from its gas waste.🤔🤔🤔🤔. Probably not though. What do u think? Conventional method is💉 needle.
Crimes should be grouped into classes and if someone commits a crime and a person commits a crime of the same class to stop them, the two crimes should cancel each other out.
Let's listen to every song on there so there is nothing left
An app for finding Native American hookers called Nav-a-ho.
Universal Basic Income, but instead of money, it's local/regionally sourced food items.
Rate corporations between 0 and 1 based on their effort for not fucking up the environment and society. Multiply every managers salary with this factor
a software that blocks uploads of pirated videos to youtube sites since scribd has one that prevents people from uploading pirated books.
Those with student loans should be able to contribute a certain percentage of their income pre-tax to their loans...like a 401K.
A thing that keeps track of when you fall asleep, and wakes you up 8 hours from that. (You can choose more or less) Mostly useful on weekends.
The Backrooms except instead it's a massive supermarket filled with endless empty toilet paper aisles
Amazon should have a filter to show only items that will be shipped by a certain date instead of having to click into each one individually.
We launch a rocket into space into an orbit half the distance to the moon with a nuclear bomb and set it off. Best fireworks show ever.
The bedtime book from new Borat movie (story about lady parts that eat people) should be sold on Amazon. I want to put it on my coffee table.
At rare times person X has the government's permission to kill person Y. Person X could make money by asking person Y to pay for remaining alive, since it is person X's legal right to choose for person Y to live or die at that moment.
What if we just make a drone that you can control while sitting on it?
Candidates for president should call out each others' logical fallacies during debates.
A Subreddit Dedicated to Zoom Pranking
IMDB should start buying rights and stream content
Give people more control over the news and also politicians...
Make a show where you get athletes from different sports and put them in one team and compete against another team with athletes from different sports.
Airplanes companies should charge you based on your weight rather than per person.
Bucket List Depository
A driver that lets you print any document on a 3d printer as a lithoplane
Go to restaurants, and make note of car brands and vehicle models there in the to-go carryout spaces. Find rent-a-car businesses in town and ask to take cars of the conveniently same models for a test ride.
Here is how to activate your windows 10 for free
A Breath of the Wild mod that lets Link use his Shiekah Slate to play Pokemon Go around Hyrule.
What if trains never need to stop because they split and merged?A superhero whose only power is that no one understands what they can do. The hero thinks they have no powers at all, but everyone else thinks they have lots of powers.
corporate welfare and jubillee
Start a mentally disabled rap bad and all the lyrics are peppered with ‘retard retard retard’
IF the virus can be caught once and show to be caught by antibody positive...if these people are immune from subsequent attack. They could be the best Essential workers.
Become a financial advisor where the only financial advice you give people is not to spend money on financial advisors
Countries in lockdown should release people from quarantine one street (or block) at a time so that when the crime rates peak slightly you know roughly where the criminals live.
A zombie movie or series that have common sense in it.
Check This Link To Know About The Different Ice Cream Cone Flavours That'll Drive Anyone Nuts
Make a world-wide table of who says "please" when making requests through voice-activated devices (Google/Amazon). Having competition can increase its use, and improve manners in the children in those households
A debate of the candidates for president moderated by Adam Conover.
A remote for your garbage disposal that just makes the sound.
Tootsie pop, but without the stick.
YouTube should install a restriction as to how many ads a company can put on.
Have a dating app but people can leave a review/star rating on people's account if you have matched with them.
Highway on ramps and clover leafs should be extended on the straight away to allow a safe merge speed and not 45 MPH coming out of the curve.
Selfish Santa: like secret Santa except everyone buys their own gift
A slowly digestible dispenser for nutrients and energy.
An isekai wherein a good natured man who desires nothing more than a loving monogamous relationship is reincarnated as a tentacle monster into a fantasy world full of beautiful women. He must protect his life and chastity while overcoming cultural bias in his quest for true love.
Famous tennis and badminton players should join Hong Kong protesters to punt tear gas back at police
An open world GTA type game where the main character you play as is a Karen and another mode where you have to deal with Karen’s.
Big Politicians, Small Schoolwork: a show where members of the executive branch, like presidents and prime ministers, try to successfully lead a high school group assignment.
Any time an astronaut dies we should put their suit in orbit around the earth.
Self-disinfecting toilets that activate a UV lightbulb inside the toilet bowl every time it is flushed
A social credit system (like China) but decentralized.
Have weapon spread in games be more likely to shoot for the center, and less likely the closer it is to the maximum spread.
Portable phone charger that uses your bodies electrolytes and comes with kit to surgically place usb slot
Mission Possible
Everytime a company runs an ad that claims they're doing good for the community, a little disclaimer at the bottom says how much they paid in federal taxes last year.
2020 is the boss battle and humanity unlocks creative if it survives.
A cubespace to substitute motel rooms where you can pay per hour to use for anything
A new r/unpopularopinion subreddit in which the first rule is "upvote if you disagree, downvote if you agree". Make it the sub banner. Sticky it at the top of the sub.
Heroin snorting contest. Loser cleans up the mess
What if consciousness and gravity are fundamentally the same phenomenon..
Sell N95 masks with HUD Smart displays and implement smart vr goggles the visor way.
Instead of sending criminals to jail for life we treat them like native Americans
Someone should make a Noam Chomsky action figure
It'd be handy to see peoples stats on the upvotes/downvotes ratio that they hand out.
r/captionthis, a subreddit where people post random images and commenters have to caption the image
A new game like basketball, but with a watermelon.
All elected officials be required to live the life of the poor sector of their areas for a month before assuming office.
A movie about a 20 year old young man who has been sent back in time to the Cretaceous Extinction. He has to save some dinosaur eggs to get back home, without being killed by the giant lizards still roaming the wastelands and dying forests with increasingly empty stomachs.
Meowth is the only Pokémon that doesn’t moan his own name during sex.
Sequels and prequels to popular songs from the past.
Even if you're born in foreign territory, you can import soil from the US and it counts as being born on US soil.
What if presidential elections (or any for that matter) worked as eliminations - instead of voting for someone you agree with the most, you would be voting for someone you disagree with the most.
People Either Do Not Fully Understand Corona Virus NCOV Or Being Deceived By The Media Governments
Make cars produce colored gases. That way everyone would want to drive as least as possible since there would be coloring everywhere.
Naked police officers
A game where the platinum trophy requires you to solve currently unsolved physics and math equations - trophy hunters cant resist a challenge.
It would be great if China would stop it with these live animal markets.
An Airbnb that takes ideas from escape rooms and has a series of clues for guests to solve..eventually leading to a key that unlocks a hidden box with something entertaining for them to use inside.
conserve water by turning the whole planet into a desert. Nothing wastes more water than rain.
Let's say the last greet to 2020
Create an independent party and spend the next 4 years educating American voters to use critical thinking
I wish I was bi so when someone asks me “What’s up?” I could have the catchphrase “Suckin’ dicks and fuckin’ chicks, what’s up with you?”
Automatic doors that are open by default and close as you approach them
Athletes refuse to play sports ever again until whatever legislative package they want is passed
Send the biggest nuclear bomb humanity can make straight to Uranus.
His roommate put lube in his shampoo
Crazy idea. Chill. Everyone in the whole world. Just chill. Don’t harsh my mellow. *our mellow. Let’s create mellow. Mellowsveil. Mellow town. Mel time.
What if once humans became interplanetary, excluding the essential workers, humans would live on a planet based on who they are and what they do. For example, scientists and programmers would stay on Mars, and anti-vaxxers and stupid people would stay on another planet.
A car paint defense system that shoots streams of water at pooping birds.
The next God of War game should include an option to travel to the remains of Mount Olympus.
For 2021 every social media company should have to shutdown for 6 months like other businesses had to this year for the greater good
Flavortown quarantine edition
Virtual Reality and Online School Combined, Future Possible Idea
Make all machines that sell water offer a to clean/sterilize a existing water bottle and refill for cheap!
There should be LED lights on the rear window of every car with simple messages like "turn your headlights on"
Lets Start A Band
Kobe led a secret life protecting the world from global pandemics
What if there was a YouTube channel where half the time it was regular tutorials and half the time it was HowToBasic style videos
When rich people go on a game show and guess how much something is, and overshoot the cost by a lot, the host should lie and say they're right.
G
Elections to decide mods for sub Reddit’s
wear a fake fat man suit when getting vaccinated so you get the proof and can rejoin society but dont have the government all up in your business, then if you want, get vaccinated for real but that time its your choice
Create a subreddit where people pretend to be u/TotallyNotRobots_SS, then add a bot for that subreddit to r/SubSimulatorGPT2.
Carbonated fruit!
Training oil workers and nuclear reactor workers to install solar panels to boost the economy and help our planet
Attach a small turbine to your heart they can power your phone. Now your phone doesn't need to be charged as long as you are alive.
End world hunger by legalizing the stealing of food from other peoples pets
So if a couple light years away or something, a thing seems like it was a couple years ago to us or something (going by my basic knowledge of this subject) If we somehow manage to go faster then light speed then we go a couple light years away, stay for a couple years,
Call people who stigmatize covid victims 'Lager Lynchers'
NBA Playoffs
LeakPeek.com - Find Passwords from Email / Username for free + UK Electoral Register Search
A tiered system to limit international travel in response to the coronavirus
Give cops drones that, when their vehicles are pulled over and stopped, do nothing but automatically fly straight up out of their stopped vehicles and shine a bright light straight down on the scene at night, making it more visible to other drivers for safety
Intermittent intermittent fasting - a diet in whuch you intermittently fast occasionally.
A children's show that teaches them that not everyone that acts like your friend actually is. Call it "My Little Phony".
Mixing two different colored drinks of the same product should result in the new colors affiliated flavor
Your cute pet plotting for that bacon
Base runners caught in a run down can run anywhere in the park. Make 9 guys collaborate to make the tag.Instead of having a house that costs over a million dollars in the city, someone could design somehow a hydraulic system to be incredibly space efficient in a smaller cheaper space for a few hundred thousand dollars saving a lot of money for similar results.
A Windows update that uses text algorithm to explain what's on your computer. Using AI to simplify the user experience. So instead of cortana but an actual assistant focused on optimizing efficiency and userbility without the aid of a search engine, just internet connection
Music Production Tip - Arrangement Techniques
A show like COPS that rides along with the guy with the most complaints in the precinct
Let two racists that hate each other consent to battle to the death with no consequences to the winner so that there is one less racist in the world
Considering that Cina is running concentration camps and oppressing its citizens the United Nations should start an invasion to free those people.
A phone virus that just makes your phone slightly vibrate from time to time, without any notification to drive people insane
Instead of a condom a tube goes inside the dickhole and reroutes the cum
Now that deep fakes are a thing, editing the Star Wars prequel trilogy to be good
Water pants
An official movie studio that directs pretty much fanfiction. Fans would submit their ideas and like, once a year, the best one gets produced.
You can deduct other peoples tax deductions from your own taxes, like if some corporation has so much deductions they pay no taxes, you can deduct all that from your taxes and you dont pay any taxes either
A women owned car company that produces cars primarily for women and their families.
Countries from all over the world should send emergency medical care to United States like to one of the developing countries.
Tax incentives for interracial marriages
Any post that has 90% (or more) familiarity with another post gets removed immidiately, so then reposts actually get filtered out
A dildo which you plug into your phone charger slot then you get a app and set a timer for how long you want it to turn on, then the phone vibrates for set time
Companies should give like 15$(they can earn more depending on how good the feedback is) to teenagers to review their ads and give useful feedback on what would be appealing and what would to remove those 2010 memes from ads and other cringe
Give all your family and friends that were trump supporters trump memorabilia for xmas.
There should be a subreddit where commenters can only post 20 second Voice Messages as a response. It would make the Reddit World feel less lonely and more human.
New water bottle
Make an adjusted version of Google's browser and name it "Google Chromosome"
In a court case, all information about everyone involved should be kept hidden from the Jury unless it pertains to the case.
Aliens...
SpaceQuest X: Latex Babes of Estros The Movie. Starring Charlie Day as space janitor Roger Wilco.
When a sports game ends in a tie, instead of overtime/extra inning/et cetera, the mascots for each team should duke it out.
A proximity alarm that barks. you put on the collar on a submissive dog and watch their confidence build!
Reddit make new awards that give a percentage to certain charities
Delivery Drivers Placement of Packages
An erotic Abraham Lincoln biopic starting Rosario Dawson as Abraham Lincoln.
What if every 8 years the person with the most wealth automatically becomes president and within their term they must spend their wealth. We can call it Bezos billions.
People should stop committing crimes
The PENNY TAX LAW - This Law could offer stability, economic stimulus and individual financial freedom to pursue and offer a good life to partner and children.
Teach sign language as a mandatory subject at schools
Any person of enough importance (i.e. political, technical, financial etc.) should be sent into orbit to experience the (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Overview_effect).
Turn all the dead malls in the U.S. into a Super Costco.
Corgis should be genetically engineered to have a royal crest for an asshole and yelp in the rhythm of "god save the queen" each time they shit.
Have sex with 1 atom
Real Life Mario Kart
Guide On Meat &amp; Fish Delivery App Development Like Licious App
A Video Game With Virtual Versions of all Localities
When trolling someone online, just put what they say into Cleverbot and send them the output
A model sends nudes to people who show proof of voter registration before the primaries and proof that they voted in November
A "female" cryptocurrency called Bitcoinia that is always 21% (or whatever the genderpaygap is now) less valuable than bitcoin.
Every time there is a large national election, to make sure everyone can vote it should be voting week, not day
Not all heroes wear capes... But all heroes should totally wear capes!
Sexual consent app
Create mini societies to test out political ideas
When they find a way to make it safe to use a phone on a plane they should not tell any one and Allow people to Hire “safety phones” that are just phones
A shock collar on all newscasters for when they tell a lie.
What if instead of having pole dancing, we had nude figure skating
A game show in which a chef has to go to a lower class household, and make anything they want using the ingredients the homeowner has on stock, and the chef gets judged by the homeowner and their neighbors
Due to the SJW idea that men shouldn't design fictional women based on the "male gaze," along with representation of characters only by those who physically relate (because race is all we relate with...), there should...
Instead of having speed bumps for cars, we should have speed bumps for pedestrians.
The US government should give everyone 5 dollars for voting on election night
Use the same tactics as scammers to access people’s computers and information so you can register them for vote by mail
Truck fail compilation!!
Pass a law that makes it legal to pee on anyone who plays an R Kelly song
A spoof movie... of the spoof movie genre itself
A global solar power grid that uses solar from one side of the world in the day to power everything on the other side of the world at night.
"Hunker down March"... Every year for the month of march we pause society. No transactions, no inessential spending; just home work, the outdoors, family time, and alone time.
A lockable SD card ,(password encrypted)
VR school
Creeper Mode
A Tesla planet.
A sub where people can ask feminist’s their views on controversial stuff
A couple of US states should take the L, secede to become a reincarnation of the Confederacy, and we should deport all the racists that fly the confederate flag and let them figure it out on their own.
Spread the rumor that "Antiviral Butt-plugs" will protect against the Coronavirus
Valentine's day chocolate roulette
Midget Space Force
Justice
A version of Shrek, or Jurassic Park, where all the animals speak using only their name, like in Pokemon
Oars... am I right? SCREW OARS. Stop living in the past, and order a RowBot today. You insipid swine...
A pixar animated film about parrots, voiced entirely by parrots
They should combine a roomba, an Alexa and a computer monitor and make a real life Karen from Spongebob
If someone asks you for change, tell them that change comes from within.
A 100gb video game, with PS1 graphics. All the space is taken up by the size of the game world and all the things you can do in it.
Whilst boycotting YT on Dec 27th for excess of ads we should boycott Lays for excess of air now at least until 2021.
Employees should reveal their salaries to their coworkers during their final day of employment, so their employer can't fire them in retaliation
Daddy has become a fairly sexual term, but if this generation were to sexualize the term “father,” the next generation will be so confused when they learn about Vader and Luke’s intimate relationship.
Subterranean existence to eliminate Carbon emissions
GOLLUM DOES, Movie Overdubs | Love Actually (2003) Prime Minister's Speech
Add a sort of sweeper arm to vending machines. Thing got stuck? Press the sweep butting and let a wiper try and knock it down.
A subreddit like r/roastme but it’s gone wild.
A comment fee. Each comment will cost around 5 cents, and every penny will be donated to a charity afterwards.
Candidates for judicial office should be required to have their homes raided by the police in the middle of the night on a randomly selected date.
People who have been tested OK wear Green, Yellow if not sure, tested positive wear Red
What if you washed with a towel and dried off with a facecloth? Wouldn’t that blow your mind?
A movie about a kid joining the military to spite his CEO of a corporation greedy father who sends troops to fight “terrorists” so they can really just steal the oil
During the month of December, I listened to over 1,000 songs that were posted to Reddit by independent musicians. Whenever I ran into one that blew me away, I added it to this playlist! I'd love to share it here with anyone interested.
A smartwatch/tracker should calculate pedal rotations and let bikers onto the step count leaderboard
911 operators have to ask the ethnicity of the suspect(s) so the department can dispatch same-ethnicity officers. That way no one can play the race card.
Ride to prom
Selling the 2 World Wars to Valve so the third one never comes out
Retweeting this could reverse the close-minded polarized world that other social media platforms created
Why would $1400 be? What happened to $2000? Cut-off at a lower income.
After a president is elected, a random citizen is selected to have 5 minutes to say anything they want as it is broadcasted on every channel after the next inauguration.
Say "Action!" Upon waking, and say "Cut!" Before sleeping.
Only Manufacture plastic gloves with fingerprints that's can be traced somehow
Solve the homeless methhead problem in the United States alongside centralizing labor away from China to regain substantial economic power.
As soon as a military can reliably get information out of a dead person's brain they will just go around killing all their enemiesPut crack in rice cakes
Full contact speed golf
Pipes should be made of clear plastic, so that blockages can be located more quickly
start saying you're welcome for watching in response when people on youtube say thanks for watching
The Olympics, but competitors are randomly selected from each country.
"The Wall" would be a whole lot easier to make if USA annexed Mexico then built "The Wall" on the other side of the Panama Canal.
A Happy Meal with a happy ending
Face masks with a hole in one corner so you can still smoke without having to take them off.
An 80s Saturday morning cartoon like Richie Rich, but called Trumpy Trump, about little Donnie doing naughty things with too much money.
What if everytime someone scrolled past your instagram / social media posts without liking it you got a notification of a broken heart.
A news station that covers everything OTHER than COVID-19
If Trump decided that he had accomplished everything he needed and that would not need or seek a second term his popularity would skyrocket.
Every single pothole should be fixed while there is significantly less traffic on the road.
Instead of debating people going for president or politicians should just be thrown in a gladiator arena and have them fight to the death
Name the server ServerMcServerface
A Valentine's filter for singles or anyone that doesn't/can't celebrate.
A live map tracking coronavirus infections and deaths, modeled after the Plague Inc. interface.
If you look at a reddit post for more than 7 seconds it automatically upvotes it
Darth Vader but he’s so jacked every meal he eats is pure protein
a car with a windshield that rolls down
Edward Handhands. Like Edward Scissorhands but just a guy.
A service where you can pay for a handjob.
Answering "Your Mom" to every question for about 24 hrs after the new year.
Install bigass air conditioners around the world to combat global warming
Have a filter on sites like Reddit that give you the option to take out anything mentioning Coronavirus
Democrats will have a hell of a time!
Appreciate Feedback on Startup Company
Universal Basic Income but it comes in the form of vouchers that must be spent by a certain date for specific goods, or they are forfeit
Not wearing a face mask should be treated as public nudity and laughed at by everyone else.
Have a LEGO building community where the group buys all of the expensive sets together, and they get rotated around monthly so everyone has a chance to build them and take pictures. When you finish you meet the next person on the list for a set handoff with tips/things you loved.
Those who created or enforced the mask mandate should be thrown in jail for 15 days
Only people who vote have to pay tax. Voting is valuable to many people. Let them pay other peoples tax if they want to do it. That way, most people wont have to pay tax.
Being able to buy your way to the top with money with YouTube. (Officially.)
Diet pill that just gives you mouth sores that make it painful to eat
Swap a blind mans horse with a zebra
We need a rap version or the blues brothers. Dre and snoop driving all over the place, putting together the ultimate rap group while being chased by police
Biden actually wins
Magic School Bus Reboot Centered on Unlearning
Worm in big dirt
When someone gets silver, they get to give silver to one other person
Hulu should have a Rewatch Season option where every episode starts at the beginning and not where you left off.
We should nuke america and rebuild it from scratch
The US treasury should print off enough money to give everyone $500,000 as a stimulus, thereby hyper-inflating USD and hyper-devaluing the rich's hoards of wealth
If a passenger airline pilot was in the military he should be able to continue to wearing the air force uniform.
Hearing a great playlist and it might be on Spotify, but you don't know who to ask for the playlist name? The app should be able to 'listen' and find that playlist.
What if a meme museum existed where all the artworks are made, inspired or copied off from a meme. It’s not only beautiful to look at, it will also make us laugh and give an amazing experience
Wanted: volunteers for “scientist of the week”
Create a bot that comments ' This is Wendy's Sir ' on every r/ShowerThoughts post.
If both Americans and Iranians prove that the people of their countries don’t want war, maybe we can make a difference in the era of social media
In the game Monopoly, have a card that sets off a pandemic; then go around the board not paying rent. And if you land on Go you die of the virus.
If China have Muslim concentration camps why don't Muslims go and suicide bomb the fuck out of China?
High Rise Forests
I have a madlad idea.
A Brand of beer called 'Free' so Bars can have signage that offers Free Beer.
Build a strong and stable bridge that going all the way around earth like a ring. Attach explosives to the pillars of the bridge and explode them simultaneously leaving a floating bridge ring around earth since gravity will pull it towards earth from all sides thus keeping it up.
Wash your hands?
Circular sliced bread, so its shape matches the shape of the plate
Presidential candidates have to participate in a publicized, nonpartisan game night to lower divisiveness between political parties
Concerts should give front row priority to people who agree to not use (or lock up) phones.
Equip cops with weed spray instead of pepper spray to relax arrestees and maybe themselves
All the babies that were kept in the room with you after you were born have a reunion after 25 years
A Ghost Hunting show where everyone except the cameramen are on acid.
If your net worth is over, say, $50 million it shouldn't be illegal to commit crimes against you
An app that let's you scan the bar code of every item while you put it in your pantry, than outputs everything you can make out of those ingredients, and the recipes for them.
Vote a guy named Waldo for president then hide him so the press has to find Waldo
Pronounce "literally" as "ritalinly." Never let on that you know that you're doing this.
Build trust with others by exchanging social security numbers and other sensitive information
A dating website called covidsluts - women who have covid but want to sex you anyways cuz no other men are willing - Unlike normal STDs its cureable if you dont die within a month or so
Super Affiliate System 2020 - John Crestani's Course
Torture people by slowly increasing a dose of DXM cough syrup in their blood and just show them stock image slide shows against their will.
Automatic hand sanitizers outside of toilets so you can sanitize yo hands after touching door handles
A gritty reboot of The Fresh Prince of Bel Air where Will Smith is constantly torn between a nation in upheaval due to class warfare and and the well-to-do family that finally gave him a home.
Make Online Prices for Games Cheaper
we can convert all cars into a zamboni. this would clean the roads
Mini dishwasher with no sink hook up - good idea or not?
We should stop using terms like left and right and go back to the Roman terms Optimates and Populares because right-left topics switch so much, but optimate and populare do not.
Replace Cricket’s actor in the live action Mulan with Cricket from It’s Always Sunny In Philadelphia
Misfortune cookies- They’re mixed in with the fortune cookies except they predict woesNiantic should do a Pokemon Go event where Eevee wears a face mask.
A sensationalism tabloid that exclusively stalk and take pictures of other Paparazzi and expose/shame them.
In today's trying times, instead of asking "What would Jesus do?", people should think about what trump wouldn't do in that situation.. and then do that thing. The world would be a better place.
Instead of listening to heartbeats, force every COUPLE to undergo a deep explanation of the risks of pregnancy, giving birth, possible lifelong conditions that may occur after and financial counseling.
Build a nuclear power plant in space with a cable running back to earth.
Harness the power of the moon for easy clean energy
Doctors shoukdn't be payed if the patient dies, because they failed
Google should create a dating service where they match up people based on their browsing history.
A dating app that matches you based on what subway sandwich(s) you order
Settlements against cities for wrongful arrest, convictions, etc should come out of the pockets of the Detectives, DA's and prosecutors that did the injustice.
An application that helps starving people
A karma removal bot that can issue thousands of downvotes to a post that been thoroughly proved to be r/quityourbullshit but only to the point of what the post earned.
Men and Woman merge their last names when they get married.
A kick system on free faceit for csgo.
Teach measurements and intellectual property with one assignment to six-year-olds
If someone commits stolen valor, instead of arresting them put them in a warzone.
instead of letting kids live in peoples houses, dump them all in a big field or forest with a bunch of bricks, boards, wifi routers, regular food deliveries, etc, and let them run their own life
What if people start meeting locally to share money and accept money from their local community, money is shared equally among those who attend
A microchip in drones that calculates altitude and mph and max descending speed/altitude limit for inevitable collision activates an "auto crash aversion" code right before it gets there
Everyone just know already how beautiful they are.
Mass extinction of Humans is imperative to preserve life on earth and possibly the universe
The US should invest in Cuba by physically building and expanding its borders, similar to how artificial islands are made. Cuba will have more space, yay, but the real win is that hurricanes will possibly weaken after crossing double the land mass.
Crowdfunding to 100% renewable energy
The CIA should be banned from posting on 4Chan’s /pol/ board
If Joe Biden's voice actor gets sick before the debates, Kamala Harris will have to dub all his lines
Playing Jenga Blindfolded.
If you don't like someone, call the cops and tell them he needs immediate assistance. You can video the scene after as a souvenir. Thank me later
Start a go fund me with the goal to redirect an asteroid to earth and hold everyone hostage.
A whoopee cushion that makes the customary noise when you sit on it, but when you jump up in surprise it accuses you of homophobia.
Oprah should marry Deepak Choprah and take his last name
A safe that can be opened with two combinations and when opened with second one it would activate a silent alarm
Let's make the subreddits that speak English now speak Arabic and with funds from the Islam religion.
An hour every month were every sub must allow text posts suggesting improvements to the sub.
Multitracked (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRnMAfljHyo).
A giant sky worm that telepathically communicates with few select humans
Instead of an "I voted" sticker, polling places should hand out joints.
Putting lime stone back onto the pyramids.
A language learning app that just teaches you how to swear.
The direction phones should go in the future
Instead of having cats and dogs as pets everyone should have wolves and tigers
Laurel and allspice in bags like tea to put in soup and remove before serving
A Virtual Wishing Well
A new type of OS that doesn't use Apps or Folders.
Make a "behind-the-scenes" mockumentary that points at the more popular reality shows to point out how unfeasible and staged they are.
A gold made to disagree with the user instead of agreeing, the money will go to a charity instead of giving the user premium
Trump should announce that a lot of his presidency was a social experiment to expose how much everyone sucks. Frame a lot of his decisions as social experiments that showed how little various groups care for others
Follower option on Reddit
Use phrase "I will go black" to communicate meaning "I will never return".
A crazy 'Quarantine Party' in NYC where participants are loaned full-body suits
Soviet Union should own Disney
Selling MAGA face masks
There should be a combination bug spray and multi surface cleaner. That way, you clean whatever surface you hit while shooting the bug.
What if you offered a service where small pets can be made into taxidermy windup toys when they die.
Rick Astley should make a "parody" of NGGYU where he sings about "The Link" and getting rickrolled and so on. Publish it as an unlisted video, and use the link in rare occasions. In fact, he could already have done this, who knows?
Break into someone's home and move their furniture around. Take a nap. But make sure you have dinner on the table as soon as they get home or they might get angry.
Make it illegal for prison staff to inform fellow inmates of a given one's crimes.A Tekken-style fighting game that lets you battle as Historical Figures. (E.g. George Washington vs. Ghandi)
Everyone contribute to upvoting a post for a period of time (like an hour) then everybody takes their upvote back
Unbiased news will never truly happen, so why not create a news station that reports on issues twice - once from a left view and one from a right one
Imagine the Backrooms but instead it's a massive supermarket filled with hundreds of empty toilet paper aisles
Drinks
Make Sir Mix-a-Lot take a lie detector test to see if he's lying about not being able to lie.
A "Reddit but not constant hell" option that allows you to see actually fun posts without getting constantly bombarded with political BS
A Supernatural game in Red dead Redemtion style
A nail clipper that instead of launching them across the room, shoot them into outer space.
The Confederacy lasted five years. Most successful television shows lasted between 6-7 years. We replace Confederate statues with statues of the best characters from the most long-lived TV shows.
If people are coughing into their arms like they should be the might as well be commit to dabbing as well.
Breaking Bad with Sesame Street characters: Elmo as Walter White, Bert as Jesse Pinkman, Ernie as Hank.
What if we mass produced isolation chambers?
crowdfund a hitman to kill santa claus but certainly not anyone impersonating him such as mall santas or crazy people who think they are santa but have never flown a sleigh pulled by flying reindeer nor fit their fat ass down a chimney
After 1 billion, you earn no more money, but the Country/Government will help you if you need any concrete help
Pass a law that all government stimulus money and bailouts has to be evenly distributed amongst the people. Call it trickle up economics.
I was randomly writing a reply to a theory and this crazyness popped up. My mind of usage has been spent. My geniusness is gone. World shall bow as i used up every smartness I have left in me to complete this replies to question people have asked but never have a perfect answer to.
What if we the government bought everyone nice comfortable hazmat suits and we go back to regular life for two weeks in a hazmat suit
A restaurants where you are encouraged to dine and dash but the exits are each a different obstacle course each with a different difficulty level
OWLCATRAZ
A computer that will accept two passwords. Your normal one and the caps lock version.
Make it illegal!
Give every citizen an equal share of what the government spends and create government programs that each citizen can invest in to create a true free market government.
Try to convince Trump that Hugo Boss should design new uniforms for the Armed Forces.
Video game publishers would make a killing by putting many of their older games on sale right now
A mouthwash dispenser just like a shot dispenser you find behind a bar, to give you the perfect amount everytime and without having to touch the sticky cap
Create an army of zoom griefers to brigade all class/corporate meetings with shrek and cripple the US economy
A pillory or two in the middle of the store to put shoplifters in
Start a company that takes over client's social media accounts for them after they die, and keeps posting requested content on it: sarcastic, inspirational, dark humor...etc
Bob Fosse would be so impressed if he got the chance to watch Captain Saru walk
Break up with anyone who doesn't wear masks
Let 100 people lose in a Walmart vaping - to demonstrate what the air looks like after half an hour in there when people don't wear masks
Instead of a boring election, the next president of the USA should be determined by a duel at high noon in front of a pub, just like in the good old days.
Let robots and AI only experience one emotion pain so they will learn to hate emotion.
Create a dating website that matches parolees and parole officers. Newly released felons get stability and parole officers get someone who can't leave them.
Gaming as a right
A subreddit where people invent new words and the meaning
A spot on voting ballets where people can mark “None of The Candidates Listed are Fit for Office” that would force another, different election (or delay the election) if majority selected
Start referring to other Redditors by random first names. Eventually you’ll get someone’s name correct making them feel super sketched out.
I forget if it’s Greek or Roman history, and I sure hope to find out in the comments, but what if we instituted a policy that every citizen should be expected to be a representative or congressperson or local official in their lifetime. For a more representative government?
Sprite should change that name to “queer” for a day.
honey should be named beepoop
select president by random choice from the total pool of TED talk speakersMake Minecraft builds universal
Pro and Cons but with a Few Aussie Lads on YouTube.
Something like paintball/Airsoft, BUT The guns shoot biodegradable pellets full of tree seed. They burst when U get hit and the seeds go everywhere. As the trees grow, there is also more obstacles for the field. They can also have water fights, which could help water the trees.
People who enjoy eating ass should be named "bottom-feeders"
TV and radio volumes should go by 5 automatically
You only pay for the data you use. The advertisers pay for the data they consume to bring you ads.
The internet lacks a capital trust. The user should hold their list of followers in a file that grows no matter the platform they're using.
M. Night Shamalyan and Rian Johnson team up to make a movie.
Adult themed cereal boxes (hear me out)
We should rebuild Auschwits concentration camp but just for ice age baby
Like/Dislike buttons on all ads on social media. Helps you by getting rid of the content that doesn’t apply to you and helps advertisers with voluntary feedback.
United States boutta Yugoslavia its way outta the crisis
Men should treat women as men and women should treat men as men so we start seeing each other as humans instead of aliens
Most Liked Comment on Youtube
After you die, you go into spectator mode until the round is over.
A board game for people over 99 years old.
Ideal Ways to Drive Traffic to Your Website Using Tiktok, Tumblr and Udimi
Just dance should come out with one that all the cultural dances around the world and helps you learn them like bali dancing, irish step dance, and even stuff like ballroom and ballet. It would be dope and fun to learn.
Trans Parent: The Caitlyn Jenner Story
Police should have a special boot print so forensics can tell if it's a police boot or not
What if we wrote roles and votes for objectives then hired officials to manage the government? Every term we would give them a review and vote to see if we should renew their contract or not.
A passionate singer who would sing love songs, but replace words like "We/Us/You" with "I/Me" and "Your/Yours/Our/Ours" with "My/Mine", so they would look like crazy self-obsessed narcissist who sings about how much they love themselves
A body switching movie where some old rich Boomer fuck has to switch bodies with a millennial and figure out life from the bottom.
When a religious group of Karens goes in a restaurant, ask the band to play "Through the Fire and Flames" by DragonForce
Instead of quarantining everyone with hopes that the virus will eventually die out, we should expose everyone to guarantee immunity
A website that tells you if a show ended on a cliffhanger or not.
Competitive Self Checkout
Why haven't the streaming companies like Netflix and Amazon offered alternate audio tracks with cuss words overdubbed so we can enjoy some damn shows and films while our kids are stuck at home with us?
Tracking coronavirus using social media
Charge top 1% $10K for each coronovirus test on an on-demand basis, which would create an emergency fund to support wider initiatives.
Reddit should introduce downvote bombs. Don’t like what someone just said? Pay $50 to give them a hundred downvotes.
A social media app for people with Tourette's to discuss stuff.
Host an orgy exclusively for people who took part in a Phase 3 COVID vaccination trial (where half the people get a placebo instead of the real thing). Have fun and accelerate the research into a vaccine!
A wearable/app that not only tracks your sleep but lets you automatically tell friends you are asleep too
An RPG where every disc/download of the game is a completely different story
New drinking game idea. Flip channels on tv to news stations. Every time you land on one talking about covid take a shot
My idea is - Unlike others i started my own channel. Where there are only Microwave Mug Recipes 🤭
The screws that need Alan keys, make the end of them Alan key shaped so you can turn the screws with another screw.
Make every business fail if it tries to become "too big to fail" cuz then it can take risks at our expense of bailouts
Brake lights but for people to put on their butts in public places.
A new reality-dating show: Carny Came a Courtin'
Create an olive plantation named "Olive Garden"
I couldnt find anywhere else but hockey is our jam
Humans putting a number of big ice blocks in Antarctica because the ice there is melting
The EU should launch a military invasion of Great Britain
A Coca-Cola Freestyle multi-flavor machine, but the size of a 12-oz can.
Have a contest where fish cosplay as Nemo
Build machines that suck up air and spit it into the sky through a big tube at the same speed as a tornado. Then in places where it looks like a tornado is forming, take the machine out there and activate it, so the warm air has a path to get above the cold air without forming a tornado.
A movie about a crazy doomsday prepper militia group, a crazy murder cult and a cartel fighting over some clearing in the mountains
Companies should display their discounts in "permille" (‰) instead of percent for a short time.
Host a group AMA for police officers to answer questions and provide a different perspective on the current situations.
If I type a question into Google that it can't supply the answer for - It sure would be nice, if that question was sent to the people who are most likely able to answer it accurately, to encode the answer for future seekers.
A Battle-Royal Game Where Everyone Is A Giant Inflatable Tube Man
Hairdressing in the dark
I think that we're all mentally ill. Those of us outside the asylums only hide it a little better - and maybe not all that much better after all-Stephen King
A tool that lets you input text, and then it alters it slightly (grammar, punctuation, spelling) so that your writing style is no longer recognizable.
Everyone who voted for Biden calls My Pillow, asking pillow questions, keeping phone lines busy, but not ordering pillows.
Here's a crazy idea, when you go out to the forest bring a trash bag with you
An audio recipe book narrated by Werner Herzog.
Spotify should have a "music soulmate" in their yearly wrap up where they match you with the person that has the most similar music taste to you based on your listening habits
Oo-Oo-Uh-Oh the Original Gay Ape from which All Homosexuals Can Take their Gay Lineage
If we created nekos (catgirls) due to genetic engineering we would probably start using them as a workforce. We would need a lot of them so more would be created. They might get angry then and decide that they were treated like slaves and make a revolution against human race and wipe us out.
Someone host a random Zoom meeting, post the link, check in on strangers across the world.
Drop cameras into the ocean and have a Livestream of what they see.
Mediaeval Man Modern
We should make a global register recording corporations, other businesses and politicians actions during the time of Covid-19.
Change all Hs to Ts on fishing t-shirts, hats and bumper stickers.
Since Reddit knows when multiple user accounts registered under the same email, they should extend ban restrictions to all those accounts instead of unilaterally banning them all simultaneously without due process (I know- crazy!).
Do you exist? I have no idea whether you exist, this is the easiest way to find you. contact me at financialanalystforhire@gmail.com
Double blind voting, like double blind experiment statistics. Theres multiple elections, and fraud is legal in some of them, but the vote counters dont know which, and if they dont detect the fraud vs lack of fraud in the many parallel elections, then the whole process has failed.
Johnson &amp; Johnson global company restructuring, fires entire 100,000+ staff, re-hires exclusively people with the last name Johnson. Their explanation? "We're a family company."
Build a second whitehouse on top of Trump Tower so he can still pretend
Someone should dress up as opposing sides of a protest, take some media worthy cringy shots, post them on reddit, then reveal it was all fake once they've posted all their cringe commentary.
Fall Guys but, with procedurally generated maps.
Embed mildly radioactive particles in roads and highways, so that they stay warm and don't freeze and crack in winter
Everyone should have an uber web dashboard
When you own your own seatbelt extension for flying you should also buy the seat next to you.
A dedicated non-fiction side of the internet
Two weeks after Trump's announcement of having caught the virus, they should just have Alec Baldwin stand in his place as president.
Three strikes and you're OUT, out.
With all this necessary app usage due to the virus all business that use them should have free WiFi without having to 'sign in' first.
A pull tab on the plastic that covers bath bombs (like on gum packs) so you can get them out easily.
Malcolm X vs Malcolm in the Middle
We need an Office Chair Racing game
A sensor that activates a chime in your vehicle when you maintain a speed 5 MPH or more below the speed limit
A Power Rangers Jack-in-the-box
a Willy Wonka remake but it's a horror movie
What is your opinion on a documentary about childhood memories from online friends in Minecraft and reconnecting with them 8 years later?
A cross necklace that unleashes demonic powers when the charm is turned upside down.
Sound themes you can download for your electric vehicle. Example horse sounds. Clip clop when running, whinny for a horn, nicker occasionally when idling.
Get people to care about voting by becoming president of the United States and completely fuck everything up
Social media, but you are required to comment your actual, honest opinion of a piece of content before seeing the next post.
Instead of journalists, just have cameras at every public place and attached to every government employee, with video shared completely publicly entirely with complete context.
If there's an Eye Bleacher bot, then there should be an Eye Belcher bot for balance.
Everyone gets a handle
Make it illegal to patent medicine
Just get a bunch of water from the ocean and perform electrolysis with it to release oxygen and combat climate change.
Obituaries should include the clothes measurements of the deceased to better find recipients for the clothes. They should also have the clothes taken to the funeral services so people can pick up what they need.
No more political parties!
With the climate crisis approaching the best thing to do is to send everyone a ketamine overdose and let's see what happens
Como Steve Bannon e um bilionário chinês criaram uma sensação de direita na mídia com o coronavírus
Drink Every Single President's Favorite Drink
To stay competitive with lawsuits, anarchists should come up with an anarchysuit
carry 2 or more phones in your pocket and some app that uses them like one bigger phone
An action movie where the bomb kills everyone because the diffuser is late by exactly one-second.
A reality show where every episode, a hockey team consisting of six beer-leaguers goes up against a team consisting of three NHL pros and three people who have never played hockey before.
I *Ahem* Dislike Skittles
A requirement stating that in order to get onto The Voice, you have to be able a yell a rapidly jumping sequence of notes with very tricky consonants while running and still maintain proper singing technique.
Since good teachers help to make each nation more successful, give teachers bonuses based on economic or other indicators tied to educational excellence.
steal your own elon musk
We need more unelected representatives. Count how many people you had the option to vote for or against, vs the number of representatives that "just happened" due to some indirect effect that would have happened anyways one way or another. Then advocate for more unelected representatives.
A Demolition Company Called "Homewreckers" with the slogan: "We break it, you buy it"
The USPS should halt sending mail for a week to show people what it's like to not have a postal service.
Coronavirus and TP shortages are how the 3 sea shells came about.
A lightsaber-only hero battle mode in StarWars Battlefront 2 ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Someone should develop an Intercontinental Ballistic Nerf Dart (ICBND).
A movie about someone getting their own reality show. But throw in excessive recaps, cliffhangers, and recaps of cliffhangers, for the full experience.
Hear me out, napalm in Fireworks (preferably mortars).
Facebook should change its name to Spybook
Government agencies have always had a problem with employees mis-using Government-issued credit cards, often accidentally. An easy fix? Make government credit cards all hot pink. I mean, would you ever use a hot pink credit card by accident? Or get it mixed in with your personal credit cards?
#Food Business Ideas 03. May 2020
How we can build an electric car to compete with the combustion engine
Have the cartels hire ex- quarterbacks from the NFL to throw bundles of drugs over the border wall.
To ship all non-recyclable, non-compostable rubbish to space?
News should only be allowed to air during work hours. 24 hour news should be banned.
Replace all of the statues of Christopher Columbus with statues of Chris Columbus (director of Home Alone)
SELF SUFFICIENT WIND POWERED CARS
Someone should give out washable spray paint to protesters.
Since everyone is wearing masks anyway, let’s turn it into a month long Halloween.
April fools
Go buy this T-shirt , no i'm serious it costs 500 $
Police stun guns with a remote safety the officer keeps near his holster
The Black Lives Matter movement should co-opt the "All Lives Matter" slogan as their own and just run with it.
Allow third party candidates in presidential debates
You know those helicopter seeds that spin as they fall gently to the ground from a tree? Make a big version of that with a spinning seat on top and jump out of an airplane
a service where you throw your dirty dishes in the trash and someone digs them out of the trash, washes them, and puts them in your clean dishes area
Some day we might have artificial intelligence for politicians. Imagine if we made a commie AI! “Beep beep booboo bop, EAT THE RICH.”
The general public and more specifically regular patrons of small businesses should call out people taking advantage of emotional support/service animal laws, so owners and workers won't have to fear being sued or fired
A child-free fast-food court/bar
A weekly section for news outlets where journalists list all the errors made in previous articles.
With the sweeping success of 19, Covid-20 ramps up for 2021 world tour.
A site that scans your Steam library, finds any games with 0 playtime, adds up their prices at the time you purchased them, then kicks you in the nuts.
Tom Hanks/Chris Pratt 2024
An AI that blocks out usernames and avatars on social media screenshots, for when you want to share them anonymously (eg on reddit)
The name for male a Karen shouldn't be Kevin.
We had the crazy idea to chain up two willing participants like the first SAW film and have them endure all eight SAW films. And you can watch it live this Friday!
Cryptocurrency? This might just work?
ATM cash whirring noise should always make the maximum amount of noise no matter how much money you take out…
A July 4th fireworks cellphone photography contest, with entries for each year as far back as cell phone cameras go. Categories for Best Still Photo, Best Vertical Video, Best Horizontal Video, Best Background Commentary, and Audible Wow of the Year
A way to solve the duopoly that is our political system, never vote for anyone with a R or a D by their name... no matter what... force them to run on their platform not prey on party loyalty/ignorance. Libertarian, green, socialist whatever.
DICtator
Make all statues of Christopher Columbus into statutes of Columbus Ohio by replacing his head with Ohio.
When you submit your School/University Assignment, you get a random Steam game.
A Truth-O-Meter behind Trump next time he speaks!
Streaming services adding an option to mark a show as your "guilty pleasure" so your recommendations aren't flooded with similar shows that you wouldn't watch.
Hidden Camera Television Comedy Show.
Remove all advertisements from the internet but still allow online habits to be tracked so a personalized catalog can be mailed to me on a quarterly basis.
The speed limit for every highway is based on the highway number.
Highly upvoted posts should carry a bandwagon-fallacy warning
Make #RobTheKardashians trend viral
Pair EV chargers with parking meters
If you take the age of Donald Trump (74) and divide that by the age of Queen Elizabeth (94), you can use the resulting decimal (~0.79) to convert from British years to American years and vice versa. (British age)*(0.79)=(American age) (American age)/(0.79)=(British age)
Analytics on apps like tinder that update your chances of getting laid after every message you send and they send
More effective use of the Defense Production Act.
protest war by maintaining a fire where many of each holy book burns together, until nobody has been killed in any war for a while.
An affordable “at home” machine that efficiently crushes up any chip of your choice into a fine powder that you can use as seasoning.
Ban legs.
Transparent shampoo bottles
Space Jam 2
The opposite of a wilderness show where instead of taking civilized people and placing them into the wilderness, they’d take uncivilized people and make them try to live in cities.
Give store clerks painball guns to shoot at people who refuse to wear masks inside the store
Games should have two review scores: the "unpatched" score and the "after the first month of bug-fix/gameplay patches" score
There should be subreddit for edited submissions in r/tooktoomuch with VR gear on head and in hands
Gummy cola candy where the white part is flavored like the glass/plastic it represents
Someone should make a bunch of fake profiles and pretend to be ex trump supporters who comment how they are now sick of him
Bars where you can get blind drunk but as soon as you step foot outside you are instantly sober.
The COVID lockdowns ARE a conspiracy, but not for the reasons you think. No, it's because they're about to tell us the truth about extra terrestrials, and the lockdowns are the world's largest "hey, you gotta sit down for this."
Food mailing service, you order food from wherever online they ship the ingredients. Once it arrives in your city it is delivered via food truck that has to finish cooking whatever it is before they arrive.
Using direct carbon co2 to extinguish wild fires
A option for transfering form one console to another
Attach a list to your mailbox of all the companies you are boycotting due to wasteful junk mail. Every time you receive more junk, add that company to the list.
Buy several Lucky Beckoning Cats that you find in Asian restaurants and plant them on your Enemy's front door at night whilst wearing a ninja Halloween costume. Slowly adding more cats each night until they go insane and buy an expensive security system costing them alot of money.
A way to end plastic pollution
Ship pallets of pillows to the downtown areas of all the major cities and leave them on street corners
A TV in which you can purchase and download software for consoles like xbox and ps4 and run them on the tv.
A shot-for-shot remake of Bright (2017), except set in the Pokémon Mystery Dungeon universe.
The world would be a safer place if people started publicly funding research in the medical and health care field than donating by the millions to relief funds during a pandemic.
Barack Obama should run as Joe Biden’s vice president. If they win, they should both say in unison ”Switch!”
Everyone should get free pass cards for stupid things they did. The cards would pretty much mandate forgiveness for embarrassing/dumb things you did within the past 24 hours.
School buildings should be turned into Covid hospitals and pandemic patients should be placed there and not in the actual hospitals so sick patients are buffered from covid patients.
Let's set up a massive virtual protest, like the biggest skype group call ever.
Elected officials in the US shouldn’t be allowed to serve consecutive terms.
To help with the informative/awareness side of sex education, Pornhub should team up with Telltale to create a choose your own adventure porn game - every choice has realistic consequences, forcing people to ultimately understand and reevaluate scenarios based on the REAL implications of sex.
Broke Back mountain but with female characters.
LED Speed Limit Signs that change the speed limit depending on the road, time of day and traffic patterns.
A jazz band called Saxual Harrassment
Was Bingo, the patron saint of prizes?
Law where every 10 gallons of gas sold 1 tree has to be planted
Politicians should do react videos to other politicians speeches.
Battleship, but every time you miss you have to take a shot.
Post 2 girls 1 cup to r/ShittyFoodPorn
A flair to be placed by Crazy Ideas posts, depicting the "score" of the idea presented. Zero (0) means the idea doesn't exist yet. Five (5) means that the idea was enacted in the real world 5 years ago.
After being identified of spreading fake news on a social media, a user should receive a timeout on posting anything for a week.
Auto-upvote when a post hits 69 or 420.
All golf courses (non-private) and national parks should be free and available to the public while there is a global pandemic
How to deal with death row prisoners and bring back gladiator combat.
24hr rapid Covid19 test strip for flight go/no-go.
Post comments on reddit, but deliberately misspell words. You will then gain extra karma points as everyone comments to correct you! Hay presto, evrywun happpi!
What if doctors put tapeworm eggs in the food of morbidly obese people who are addicted to food and aren't mobile enough to exercise
A tabloid-like magazine except A-List celebs follow around paparazzi members and their families
Write a law book that applies to supernatural entities, if any happen to exist, such as god and the devil. Law 1: You may not burn anyone without their permission. Law 2: Nobody owes you anything just for being born or for what your son did for them before they were born.
Everybody starts with the same amount of capital irl like the Online Games
Turf Wars: A reality show about rival lawncare companies fighting for territory/customers. Also, they secretly grow poppies in their clients’ gardens and run heroin.
Weave your hair into a bird cage with a real bird in it
My new book store Boökkake it's the next evolution of the book store
Demand the government give LEGAL citizens $50,000 each for this inconvenience.
if human mortality was solved, most people would take up smoking
An alarm clock that slowly tilts your bed forward until you are forced to slide down.
Coronavirus isolation solution: The government should legalize weed and give everybody free Netflix, a bunch of joints, and a Grub Hub voucher for the munchies. Nobody will leave their couch!
Every time you downvote your own posts and comments you add to a karma reserve that you can use to give multiple upvotes to other people's submissions.
To eliminate vote tampering, have every vote written on paper and have 5-year olds count them to eliminate bias because they don't give a shit who wins.
Kidnap a someone, knock him out, drive to an olympic swimming pool, drain said pool, fill it with 2% milk, put the guy in scuba gear and toss him in, put the tarp over the pool so he can't surface, let him wake up floating in an almost endless sea of white, wondering where he is, and what *it* is
Get a cheap Asian vacation by contracting the coronavirus and resting at home for 2-3 weeks to heal and get immunity. Then travel without worries!
What if this were basketball: 5 vs 5, no subs, first to 100 wins, each player on the team must score 20 points
A news subscription service
start a business of picking peoples noses for money
Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron should be made into a live action remake. Dont argue back
A version of movies where they remove all dog noises from the background
Put a metal detector on your weed eater. Find cool stuff in the weeds.
A social media platform where every fact is a lie until proven otherwise
crazy idea
MODS are the HOA of Reddit but I Want to Take the Power Back
Major companies should not only provide ratings based on user-friendliness but also on economical and ethical aspects.
An anime about a kid who likes to skip stones, and joined a national competition of stone skippers so he can make friends with other people who like tossing stones, only to realize that he's the best stone skippers in the world.
sunglasses with lights on them to make them glasses and see when it isn't bright
New Age for Reddit.
Make the Dakotas 1 state governed by native Americans only and natives in the whole country vote for dakota elections.
Reddit should allow subreddits to temporarily merge so that isolated communities are exposed to different viewpoints. Discussions would be heavily moderated by both sides and involvement would be limited to proven (high karma) members.
Flinstones car in the real world.
They should leave social distancing in place until New Years. It would be the most overtly celebrated New Years of all time.Make all devices automatically go to charge on their own
Make new porn category called World Pornitics where people cosplay as politicians and fuck one another. 'Trump launches a missile in Putin's bunker' or 'camgirl Hilary takes a MASSIVE crooked dildo'.
A see-through toaster. That’s it
A Book Cooking Show
Restrooms available for customer use in United States Post Office buildings. Nah, that would be crazy.
Amusement parks should have stand-alone rides scattered across the globe, instead of the park format. Have people pre-pay like a movie theater, they show up for their time slot and get to go for a ride.
The Brownie Point™ Bank Ltd.
A game like AI Dungeon but it’s a full fledged RPG with 3D graphics, all completely randomly generated.
Somebody should get started on the "I survived 2020 " shirts.
'sims' style multiplayer game called 'Room mates'
Whenever someone compares a grouping term to “the n-word”, start referring to that group of people as niggers
What if we ban political marketing and invest that money in healthcare and education? Instead everyone will get a monthly email/booklets summarising policies updates and proposed changes by all parties compiled by a neutral body?
Make pro sports free agency into a live auction where the players' agents are the auctioneers, and teams bid on players in terms of dollars and years.
Capitalize medicine
Getting a license plate that says "POLICE"
Change the downvote button take a % value from the upvotes. So that downvoting bad posts on r/all will actually effect them.
Ban seatbelts and require sharp objects pointing at you inside the car, to motivate driving safely. There would be far less crashes.
A sub where someone gives us three truths and one lie, then we have to guess the lie.
You’ve heard of plant based meats, now introducing meat based plants
Licence plate renewal should require a picture of your *readable* plates. Missing colour? Denied. Tan cover? Denied. Beaten with hammers (wtf?) denied.
Once you turn a certain age you should be able to admit to having done any crime and face no punishment.
Show the ratios of left:right swipes on dating-programs.
Big Budget batman parody with a horse called "The Night Mare"
An IRA themed IRA account!
There's the algorithms, programming, data (from the good force of Science) that manifests in this digital world, and then there's the very deep honesty about yourself, own-conscience awareness
Investing in digital currency is not as good as investing in a masks, which can save your life at a critical moment.
🌲 THE FOREST CEMETERY 🌲
Mini windshield wipers for glasses
The neuroscience of consciousness explained in less than 5 min...
Elon Musk should start a nuclear powerplant company.
Online poker, but where you don't get to choose your blinds-- they're set automatically by an algorithmic matchmaker, and the better you are, the higher the stakes.
A movie poster that changes to recommend movies for you based on your viewing history.
Make a museum with all the statues that are getting taken down
Fuck it, resume life, whoever dies dies
It might just work
A bug zapper that surrounds the bottom of your house.
Outstanding Octopus
Let's do it
Comment section on Netflix shows and movies
A vest you can wear that carries a strong electrical charge. If struck by a Taser, the charge feeds back into the Tazer and makes it explode.
Reverse-Pokemon for Aging Adults - Instead of your Pokemon evolving into better and better versions of themselves, the evolve into older and less capable, less energetic, less exciting versions of themselves.
An anime where the title is the entirety of the Navy Seal copypasta
Debt Jubilee
How a protest crowd should be handled.
Osmosis Jones 2: Frank Gets Corona
Pornhub should add some sort of “nut” counter to count how many times a video has been mastubated to
Join me on pi to mine free money! Pi is a new digital currency developed by Stanford PhDs, with over 10 million members worldwide. To claim your Pi, follow this link: https://minepi.com/johandahl and use my username (johandahl) as your invitation code to get access today.
Mosquito repellent that not only repels mosquitos, it makes them clinically depressed and lose the will to live.
An app that tracks different quantities (time, temperature, reddit karma, etc.), where you can save desired numbers (69, 420, 12:34, 11:11, whatever) and sends you push notifications asking if you want to screenshot when certain numbers align.
Ideas that will help you in home during this pandemic.
Got a Crazy Invention?
What if all the financial records of politicans had to be public?
Something that was bothering me for years!!!
Electric companies that act like fuel companies and compete with each other. Since soon, all vehicles will be electric. Wait a sec...
Calories should count against whoever brought the junk food into the house rather than who ate it.
Kids Party Idea; Fill a Pinata with angry wasps!♡♡
There ought to be masks that have a lifetime guarantee of not fogging your glasses.
Celebrities flashing their breasts on social media to keep up people’s spirits during the lockdown.
A horror movie called "It's Your Neighbor" about a man who keeps on killing people at night in their homes because he's convinced they stole his newspaper.
A website that plays a random movie with the only way to change it is to vote for a new movie that uses the total amount of people on the site compared to how many votes to change it after 66% people vote for a new movie
A TV sitcom about talking COVID19 viruses that infect someone and kill them.
Allow 1 person to volunteer to receive all criminal sentences for everyone else's crimes, like 5 million life sentences back to back followed by 10000 executions.
God, the devil and dinosaurs
Give people a $500 tax credit if you vote
A place where you can go destroy stuff when you're mad.
A printer in the dashboard of your car to print driving directions
We should only have to pay taxes on our "profits", with our our "business expenses" (food, housing, etc.) deducted. If corporations do it, why shouldn't we?
A weight scale app that has you step on your phone
Add a 'super snooze' button to alarms, that snoozes the alarm for 20 minutes rather than 10, for when you really need an extra nap.
We should buy tickets to undesirable candidates' rallies, and then actually show up just to boo.
An app where you can park in any handicap spot but if a disabled person needs the spot you are notified and have to move your car immediately.
Spotify should do a dating app that matches you with people with the same music tastes.
Don't allow news outlets to see traffic on their individual stories, so they cant agitate the public by pushing hot topics.
A full length feature film consisting nothing but film studio logos
Crazy idea for a government.
Universal payout
Tired of hearing all these assholes getting praise because they stopped being assholes. Make a real-life nice and naughty list. The less of an asshole you've been, carries over into a cash-prize.
An MMORPG boss mechanic that shuffles all your keybinds for 30 seconds
What if we all stopped working? Massive sit in. Break the economy.
iPhone 12 pro mini
The Hunger Games Should be Adapted Into a Game Show
A wire on you toilet that cuts your poo lengthwise just for shits.
Youtube should change the threshold for how long a video needs to be to have midrolls on it from 10 minutes to 10 minutes and 20 seconds so all of the money-hungry Youtubers who stretch out their videos to just over the 10 minute mark no longer get midrolls
toilet books
I don't know why but this just came up -
Why you have food preference.
I miss my grandmother's womb
We should start to make images of "real news" like the fake news. So the people who believe everything they see will have the real news.
Everyone gets a paid day off for their birthday
Spirited Away prequel showing the origins of No Face
Reverse gumball machine: insert a gumball, get a quarter.
Convince people 4G is causing the coronavirus to accelerate 5G rollout
Black lights kill viruses so put black lights everywhere people touch things!
A new miniseries called "Criminal In Tent ", about a fugitive hiding out in the woods.
Play the board game Risk with your friends and family but add a rule stating you can text anyone at the table at any time without divulging what was said.
Glue a tiny mirror over the picture of you on your driver's license so when you hand it to the police, they get confused and arrest themselves.
The existence and popularity of conspiracy theories are, themselves, a conspiracy by the aluminum industry to sell more tinfoil for hats.
Find people who look the part of a DC or Marvel Character and TEACH them to ACT
Give every tax payer a list of tax expenditures, just like a list of elected candidates ballot up for vote except it's things taxes are spent on, and the people vote on their preferences of where those tax dollars are predominantly spent.
A pen with a replaceable candy cap
Combined reddit inbox for all the accounts you’re logged into.
Best Relaxing 3 Minutes Of Your Life | Into The Wild | An Escape To The Nature From Our Busy Life
Presidential candidates should compete in a variety of games like golf and chess all while answering questions and debating various topics.
Assassination by turning a bidet into one of those devices that cut steel with high pressure water.
A T.V. sitcom called "Baby Daddy"... Basically, he's the world's youngest father.
Crazy social experiment to build a new city
Personal knobs/handles that everyone carries around with them to avoid spreading germs!
Make it possible to exchange reddit karma for dogecoin! To the moon creative people!
The ultimate piano recital?!
Build large machines that mechanically does cellular respiration. Would take lots of carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere.
if covid isnt solved by some specific date, everyone in the government is fired out on their ass. choose a date. tell them. fix the world they broke with lockdowns. get back to living. or they're out on their ass. no excuses. no stronger evolved viruses. no reason is good enough.
Split Israel/Palestine and half and have Jerusalem controlled by the UN or something like that
Have a baby on retainer so if an actual hot single mom is looking for you in their area, you’ll be able to pretend to relate to them on a deeper level, which might increase the chance of sex.
An Online Spider-Man in an open world NYC where players are just different Spider-Mans from different universes
Since Vin Diesel is "all about family", he should play a Mob Boss in a movie.
A video game with AI that keeps evolving and adding new content to the game, making it so there are always new things to do at all times.
Ban contributors to /r/whatisthisthing who find an extremely obscure item but then don't explain how they did so
Make car turn signals go on automatically // by default.
Catharsis-10 Shotgun
All government employees have to wear body cams that are live streamed 24/7.
Technically since you don't vote directly, only vote to statistically advise state representatives who often vote with the majority, there is no legal effect of your vote, so technically it's legal for monkeys and kids to vote. Try it.
A movie named "Motherfucker" staring only Samuel Jackson. The dialogue is just "motherfucker" with different tones.
EverPresent: The gift that (literally endlessly) keeps on giving!
Maybe the only resource that space aliens in flying saucers would want from Earth is wood, because they want to have wood planks on their ufo floors?
Toy Story, but instead of Andy's toys, it's his clothes
At any time a vote of at least 1 million people and 90% agreement can veto anything government does
A subreddit called AfterOrgasmThoughts.
AI has already taken over,Corporations are their physical bodies with the rights of a human, except the government has a socialist system in place for the corporations and not for the actual humans.
As an option every GPS should have Dora the Explorer as the voice
If declaring war, the leader making that decision must send a close relative/loved one to fight on the front lines.
Second day of the week? Twosday.
Put a top hat on every doorstep you see. Underneath that top hat is a jar of pickles. Just for no reason what so ever. And watch how people react.
For the game Uno, the game should have different difficulties ranging from uno, dos, très and so on, and the goal is to get to to uno or whatever number and the amount of cards you start with is the number (uno, dos and so on) times 7.
A game show where people build algorithms to solve a maze in the most efficient way
Websites that categorize users by their strength of logic
Create a Timer but instead of it ringing it smells like a burning cake, farts, pepper spray, etc.
hang upsidedown and swallow air until you burp out your ass
a store which displays all prices in base eleven, so $10 is actually eleven dollars, and $205 is actually $(2*11*11+5) = $247. They're willing to say $49.99 to you. Why wouldnt they change the number base to further confuse you?
my deadbeat son getting a fucking job
Politicians cannot have a net worth of more than $5 million to run, to be in office, and for 5 years after.
a restaurant with a huge flat stove that a robot cooks on while standing sitting or laying on the stove cuz that temperature doesnt hurt the robot
A strip club fitness center: running on the treadmills causes the women on stage to undress
A Lord of the Rings mockumentary where Frodo goes on a quest for love, but has an enduring "ring phobia" which his prospects vexingly misconstrue as a fear of commitment.
Disney To Release Streaming Series tied to the Millennium Falcon itself and not to any one character. The adventures of the Millennium Falcon.
Instead of prostitution or drug stings, have black or Hispanic officers go undercover and get arrested as a “suspicious person” in a back ally or abandoned building, all with hidden cameras and microphones recording just like other stings.
Alternatibe harmonic
Eminem is indisputably the fucking G.O.A.T of lyrics and rhyme scheme, and there’s a conspiracy against him in the music industry to fuck him over.
Use NSA to spy on COVID19
Tinder makes an option to swipe right to next 100 pics
Black Tar Heroin
Need help
Get a transplant from an elecric eel, and you can charge your own electronics. Never be without power again.
US Presidential Voting Option: "None of the Above"
Reality TV Show: Place 10 straight men into a mansion...
Change our national anthem to ‘When We Stand Together’ by Nickelback. God. Bless. America.
HUD implants replacing cell phones. Humans would appear to be telepathic. Voice interface would become obsolete. Over time we would evolve to have larger craniums and eyes, an absence of ears, smaller stature, no genitals, and grey skin. We would revisit the 50’s to experiment on pre-enlightened us.
Create a Wolverine National Guard!
Re-release Jurassic Park with updated CGI rendering updated dinosaurs based on current knowledge
Reverse stealing: Pay for an item then run out of the store without the item
Have supermarkets limit the quantity of items they can sell per customer
Vantablack/black 3.0 food coloring
David Fincher filmed 268 hours of footage for the Social Network (2010), with dozens of takes of each scene. He should release all of this as one big file, so we can play at making 1,000 differing variations of the exact same film
Downvote all r/thirdsub posts
Self driving electric platform
Dell G5 15 gaming laptop
A statue that morphs to satisfy each viewers political ideology and beliefs
NETFLIX should allow two versions of foreign movies/series. (1) Dubbed, and (2) original language with subtitles.
A r/roastme but for dick pics
Spawns live action movie actually comes out. Imagine
Vote for Ross Perot!
A lot easier to rob a bank now that everyone is wearing masks
Bring back full service gas stations so that we don’t have to touch the pumps
Shoes with vacuum cleaners built into the soles so they clean the floor as you walk.
A drug you take that makes you sober🤯
Buy a bunch of houseboats and move into the middle of the Pacific Ocean with your friends. Declare independence and become the first country to have a location but no territory.
7 Steps To A New Society (Or how to change the world)
Use a brown marker to draw a shit stain on an old pair of underwear. Hide it in your pants and when you’re at a dinner party, just say that you shit yourself and present it to them.
I do not know with what weapons WW3 will be fought, but WW4 will be fought with sticks and piñata body armour
An Xbox without that super annoying opening sound
Have Tesla design a replacement tank for the M1 Abrams.
Two-person pajamas.
A dating website that matches people based on their google searches. This was originally posted on r/showerthoughts by u/NightmareGamer34
Public officials should be executed every 20 years to make sure they were really in it for the good of the people - not personal gain
Trump killed Kobe
Never throw away rotten food. Just dump it all in a big swimming pool until it grows into new food.
Somebody in an interview should ask Elmo what his pronouns are.
Protestors wear swim goggles to protect against tear gas.
2 Q-Tips and a Crab
Reddit should have a random chat function. For those who are bored or would like to find new friends or partner.
An entire movie made from stock footage.
A subreddit were people try to write the most dark and depressing story they can
High schools should teach meditation classes
A restaurant that only serves popular food items from shows, movies, and books. Each week/month menu items might rotating, giving a larger variety of foods and franchises/series.
Amazon distribution and warehouse recruiters should hire from virus protest groups who don't want to wear masks.
For every day of the year we unite and NATIONWIDE or worlwide BOYCOTT and not one person goes to the BOYCOTT STORE of the day. The idea is to have a MASTER list of the 365 TOP companies who are Forbes 500 BUT have shitty ,greedy leaders that dont give back to society.
Always carry an alcohol lamp around. Whenever someone annoys you, take it out and light it. While they are distracted by the flame, make a run for it and avoid the conversation.
A president who always tells the truth
People always say, "I don't want my tax money going to ." So allow citizens a section when filing their taxes, that allows them the ability to remove consent from their tax money going to some specific thing, with the condition that they are forfeiting any government funds in that area.
Velcro shirts for you and baby, with wall mounted velcro panels to stick them to while you do thingsVelcro shirts for you and baby, with wall mounted velcro panels to stick them to while you do things
Attach leaf blowers to each leg and get on a hang glider, to turn it into a hang flyer.
We have the technology to splice the gene for a single protein from a jellyfish to a human, creating a baby that glows under UV light.
Truthbraries. Like Liebraries, but all the books sperm the truth.
All-You-Can-Eat Delivery.
How to Use Waves H-Delay for Dotted Eights
send ScarJo back in time to warn herself about ghost in the shell woke pushback. Have herself secretly cast a Japanese actress to fill the part.
The people at 'The Simpsons' should allow screenplays written by fans to be turned to cartoon format and maybe they could achieve their former glory if they found the right people/writers.
To write a review for something,you have to answer a questionnaire about the thing, to prevent spam reviews by angry racists/homophobes
While we are all stuck at home anyway let’s make the switch to all metric
States that aren’t under shelter in place orders should have to give their ventilators to states that are. NY, CA etc could really use them.
Instead of having the Super Bowl MVP say, “I’m going to Disney World”, have them say something health related, like “Vaccinate your kids!”
Mustard could easily be used as a form of torture for criminals
Babushka invented water cooling
All the stars who live along the "Hollywood Stars' Homes" route should hire their body doubles to do yard work and such on April 1 just to mess with people.
a religion where you go to hell for being straight
A calendar, except instead of photos of models, there are photos of crackheads.
Make a subreddit similar to r/HydroHomies, but for washing your hands
Resist near-monopolies by forming a union that pays people outside the union to commit to not shop there for the next 5 years
Now is the perfect time to post, because everyone will be on their phones and computers, so you can get more upvotes
Have everyone experience a heroin withdrawal for 24 hours to reduce the amount of potential users.
If Facebook made a coin tossing tournament pairing all of its users against each other, there would be a couple people who won a coin toss a billion times. Then one of them would beat the other. That person would be the luckiest person in the world w/ data to prove it.
Black Friday but for job seekers, where they can apply to positions even where they have 30% less qualifications than required and still get the job
A reality cooking show where the judges are people who have had their taste buds burned off. But only the viewers know.
A children's picture bible of other parts of the Bible
A fake news website to combat fake news
Start calling people from Birmingham Burmese, thus confusing people of the future on the origin of the cat breed.
Replace AC Power With Compressed Air
Alarms you could send through a text to wake up friends, family, and coworkers who forget to set their alarms.
A language where all sounds are pronounced with shut mouth. Can be useful for situations when your can't open your mouth, but you want/need to say something.
Everyone deletes social media and only uses MySpace
Go outside of a public place and as people pass by tell them you’re selling Molly’s, when they are interested you pull out Tamales which 90% it people won’t pass on
Remake The Lord of The Rings Trilogy films with an all black cast.
Instead of giving out student loans with fixed interest rates, institutions buy shares of future income of students.
The American government should give everyone $100 to buy sex toys.
Much like how old-timey musicians labeled their music by number, girls who post nudes of themselves should number their pics.
Cocaine Conversation by Gretzky
New Website where all the people who claim that Money Can't Buy Happiness pay to put the experiment to the test.
What is our modern era facing in the years ahead?
condoms for babies to wear while coming out of their mom so it doesnt touch her
Someone with a lot of time on their hands should port Skyrim to VBA
"Hyperproductivity is not the key to human fufilment, it was of maximzing corporate profits. The capitalist saw reciprocating."-u/chestofpoop, 2020 pandemic
Sell chain mail "Faraday Suits" to people who are afraid of 5G
Instead of showering in the morning, take the concept of the car wash and apply it to humans. Put someone inside a rapid scrubber with a mask so they can breathe, and watch as they come out clean.
give the native americans back their land, after taking it from them again
Rockstar Hogwarts Shannon Game
everyone who has over 1k like on a comment on Youtube edit and change it to "everyone who has a small pp like this"
No matter where you run , i will still follow you , Jon
Beat down basket ball. Basketball but punching and kicking is allowed, like in boxing.
Let's hold presidents to their campaign promises.
Get a jar jar binx costume, get down on one knee, and say to your girlfriend, "Meesa propose".
Phones should have a half-airplane mode that blocks SMS and calls, but retains Internet
Oreo Build Your Own Cookie custom kits, shipped to you
Birds but they're real
A new slider function for social networks that can show your feed from years ago easily
Why don’t we make a social media for political parties and political members?
Start a program that teaches literature and writing to people in prison and call it prose and cons.
A break-up function on all social media platforms
An e-reading site where you only pay for the pages of a book you read, not the whole thing. Call it Penny Pages or Penny Reads or something.
The pooping thread
A restaurant with a "random" option for those who can't decide what to get: You tell the waiter multiple orders you can't choose between, then the kitchen chooses and makes one of them for you
In today’s climate, those who are over the political lines should all run with the phrase “No Live Matter”.
If we develop technology that can shrink people to the nanoscale, like in Antman, we could have a spec ops team that gets injected into a person to kills viruses like Covid-19 as a cure.
Like many places don't let you bring in outside food so they can sell you food, a place that doesn't allow outside clocks watches phone clocks etc, and if you want to know the time they will tell you for a dollar
With All this time spent in coronavirus, and contactless payment becoming more popular, I am surprised that nobody jumped on the idea of a credit card “condom.”
Noah Johnson: FARTJUDGE
We should build a memorial wall with the names of all the victims of the US coronavirus outbreak. That way, Trump can have his stupid wall.
Open a bar called "The Third Shift". Only open from 6am to 4pm.
What if wealth was reset at the start of every century?
On December 17th, raid the Google Play/App Store and flood Gacha Life with one star.
Countries could pay their national debt by doing chosen labor or providing services for the organization or country they owe.
Dating Sim game where the goal is find for perfect mismatch surrounded by perfect matches
The waitlist for a kidney in the US is 3+ years. Why not create a nonprofit located in Hawaii for donors to A. give their kidney and B. get a vacation while they recover?
Switch the position of the O and P keys on the keyboard
Have a right leaning opinion on a non-trump subreddit
Button that will show you extra ads to support the youtuber
Dicks that dispense soft serve ice cream.
Tricking Anti-Vaxxers
Pack the Supreme Court so that Congress will do their job and legislate and Presidential candidates will have to run on actual policy platforms
Lemon Party 2: Back From the Grave
Posts on this website should be able to gain negative votes the same way comments should.
Wear a spiked dog collar everywhere. If they're going to kneel on your neck, make it hurt.
Herd Immunity - National Party Week
Get Larry David to make a comedy about the Trump family in the WH and eventually prison where they all share a cell.
A site with a real time map of where the world leaders (supposedly) are.
Buy a failing mall, including all the merchandise inside the stores, and cover it with a huge glass dome. Wait 100 years and reopen it as the world’s largest antique/vintage clothing shop.
The drunk cart
How to control the minds of dream characters.
Buy a whole bunch of skeletons and start a catacombs themepark in the USA.
We shoot lazers at the constellations.
A rip off of Jimmy John's called Penis Toilet's.
agreeing on that whenever you walk across somebody you always move towards the right so you won’t have that awkward moment trying to get past each other.
Website or application for adults (grandparents mostly) who post too many photos on social media
Instead of teargassing protestors, gas them with marijuana smoke. Chill everybody out in minutes.
Turn Wyoming into a no mans land where there are no laws. Of course anything illegal done in the state will be punished if you leave, but like just don’t leave.
Online dating site only for socially awkward and anxious people. Legit document proof of anti social condition from a psychiatrist is to be submitted at the time of registering into the site.
Fighting sports should let you make weight using any combination of fighters.
Make a cut of the US election with 'Hallelujah' playing. It's perfectly natural. There could be clips of big events that happened.
A photo app with amazing filters but as soon as you send your photo the filters go away... Oops, the real world is scary
A tinder like app but for songs
Daughter wives/husbands, to improve the health of the next generation.
Make it illegal to not pull up all the way in a drive thru
A bluetooth speaker where its audio quality gets worse the lower its battery.
A police service that, when racists call cops on black people, "arrests" them, but really just drops them off wherever they're going, giving them a new set of clothes, plus a coupon for a nice meal for their trouble. Funded, of course, by garnishing the wages of the racist asshats who called.
Disable Reddit awards on all my posts
Google and Apple should team up to create an opt in notification system to notify when you have come into contact with someone who is confirmed to have corona.
Car insurance just like GTA V. Health Insurance just like GTA V.
An 800 km Roller Derby. All contestants issued tazers and pepper spray to use at their leisure.
Inkjet printers to print quantum circuitry using conductive ink
We take our entire life savings and pay back all our loans and other peoples loans to denounce capitalism..
Raise the age of consent while some people are having sex so in the middle of it they are by definition doing it with a minor
What type of YouTube channel should I start if I am good at nothing?
Put everything on hold until 1st January 2021 and then just start the year again, bank balances, jobs etc as it was on 1st January 2020.
Sell a brand of wireless earbuds called "Jo buds".
A running app for the ultra rich, where you lose thousands of dollars when you run too slow.
Change all clocks to count down instead of up so we can easily know how much time is left in the day
In the spirit of the 4th of July, everyone should celebrate that All Countries Matter.
A VR platform of pimple popping / blackhead removing. So all the popping lovers can be “there” virtually.
Instead of social networks and video websites banning those who spread lies, label it fiction which is supposed to have lots of lies.
Ingrown toenails are portals into another universe.
Minefields. But the mines don’t explode and injure. Instead, the mines make a loud farting noise when trodden on. Enemy soldiers will then become embarrassed and then too depressed to fight on.
By the next Grammy's a couple of actors should put on a surprise play
Iowa Has a Rule that They Must Always be the First Caucus, and Automatically Adjusts in the Event that Another State Attempts to be First. Another State should ALSO Make a Law stating that THEY are Always 1 Day before Iowa, Triggering the 2024 Caucus Tomorrow
I want us ALL to take a blood oath; right here, right now- to spend the entirety of 2021 NAKED
Remove the net behind the field goal in Football - if a fan of the kicking team catches it, the extra point is worth 2 but if an opposing fan catches it, no points.
Decimalize the SI defining constants.
On demand phone video stream like Uber
An app that lets people record what they would want their last words to be in any event that their life is taken away unfairly.
Poop on your hands then get pulled over
You could increase the GDP by 0.27% just by adding one day to the year
A Congressional “eject” button. Every four years, we hold a national referendum to eject a member of the House or Senate.
Stop arresting black people once you've arrested more than 12.6% blacks for total arrests.
Apple yo-yo
Have one person on each train journey randomly executed so that every train ride could be a murder mystery train scenario.
Banana Garlic Zucchini Bread
It’s time to unite for the biggest hack of our lives! We're hosting an ONLINE GLOBAL HACKATHON on April 09-12 to offer solutions how to use tech for crisis response and deal with the post-crisis era! Come join us at r/theglobalhack and help us fight off this crisis one idea at a time!
watersuit
Quick MVP - Zoom meeting time
We must be the anti christ. Because Karens keep using the ‘Not Today Satan’ attitude on everybody.
Fight a goose!
Everybody in the world not from America should create memes and content flooding the internet about how big of a joke America has become and how they're viewed in the eyes of the rest of the world as an embarrassment
Sterility is hereditary
A running app that tells you what animals you could have outrun or chased down over your last session based on speed and distance.
Mandatory Sterilization for All Reptiles
Most people become highly intelligent, but only when the lights are off.
Shoes with raw meat in the soles
Make all printers using clear plastic so you can watch the jams happen in real time
New movement, "Shitpost Wallstreet".
A watch that shows how much nutrients and calories we've consumed that day and how much more we need.
A horror movie from the perspective of the sims from the sims games being controlled by a sadistic player
A restaurant spa. I’m not sure if this is a thing already but just imagine how relaxing it would be to enjoy a good meal in a spa. If these do exist then people need get on to that cause I would imagine they would do quite well
Self-driving pacer cars for highways to physically enforce speed limits
When major league sports comes back, MLB and NFL should switch how many games they play that season.
Reddit coins should have a thing where they can be transferred into money so people could actually get a job out of Reddit if they got lots of awards on their post
Good Will Hunting but, Will works at an elementary school.
Political campaigns hiring Redditors to proof their ads for meme potential.
Make a movie mashup of ‘V for Vendetta’ and ‘The Dark Knight’ trilogy, except let all the villains win. Call it COVID-19.
Urban Dictionary but all of the definitions are in slang so you have to look something up every time you read a definition.
WAYFAIR SCANDAL FULL DETAILS ON MY IG PAGE. I spent the entire day keeping up with all the information that you need to know about the wayfair situation. Over 10 videos regarding the issue in fulldetail are posted on my ig page. With more to come!! Check it out for yourself. Add Me ig-cronokroniq
A app that plays scary sounds to scare away stray dogs from your front lawn
A snapchat filter idea
An All-Zamboni Curling Team
IMF should give every country $1000 for each citizen, and then wipe the debt because it's the same for everyone
CONNECTING Entrepreneurs with Peoples problems
Reddit should make the upvote button blue and the downvote button red.
A Solar Panel car
A microchip that controls human behavior, you are an idiot and are saying stupid nonsene BAM shocked unconscious for 5 seconds, or maybe you are horny af and just slapped someones a-- without their consent BAM d--k shock for 10 second uncontrolable muslce spasms on the floor!
If government take computer tax as computing power (like crypto mining) instead of money, and give it to scientists. Maybe we can have cure of cancer in the next decade.
Gonna go door to door selling No Soliciting signs.
A shower head that starts by spraying soap water for a minute followed by clean water.
Smoke alarms should interfere with wireless audio signals
2030 = no water no food no green energy
Right Handed Reddit
There needs to be a shuffle button on streaming services.
A gym that only charges you if you don't go.
Sniffer dogs for Covid-19?
I need names
App for Meeting New People Based on Personality?
A new type of lottery
Raise the age of consent to 40.
If you have never committed crimes, when someone tells you they need to run a background check on you, say: “that’s ok, I haven’t committed a major crime since ____”, filling the blank with your birth year. Have fun seeing their reaction.
An insanely awesome game that teaches people how to master the hustle (social skills)....is it possible?
Fighting Facebook with Tech
Nicotine butt plugs
A boxing club just for people with anger management problems
A popcorn delivery service, that guarantees your popcorn is still warm when it arrives.
cities should be thematic, so you can move to the city which ahesthetic and urban organization best fits your personality
You shouldn’t be allowed to see the score of a post, until after you vote for it
Masks should be a standard fashion accessory, like hats or braceletsPut all newborns up for adoption immediately, regardless of if the parents want to keep the child or not
Have a Israelian government rule Libanon for the coming 50 years
We can have snacks made of anti-matter so you can eat sweets without the calories
Choose your own adventure audio books that use voice recognition technology for those of us who listen to audiobooks on the road.
A TV series that combines 'Cheers' with the Quentin Tarantino horror flick 'From Dusk Till Dawn'
A shoe exchange for fast-growing kids. Like at the bowling alley, shoes are disinfected &amp; maintained.
We should be able to filter our posts by subreddit
What if the Bible was about the future instead of the past?
Fly the Spruce Goose.
Let people choose where there tax money goes.
Coronavirus fireworks
Eat very high iron diets and put very strong magnets inside toilets
Premium porn sites offer a free trial to stop riots
#uniqlo  Turn shorts side pockets face up like jeans pockets to prevent the phone from smashing onto the floor. Problems as Opportunities to make better next version max your money $$$.
In the age of increasing password security, websites should remind the user what their requirements were (upper case, symbols, etc)
A check engine light, but for humans.
A comedy skit series where a guy with a "small one" attracts women because of false rumors about his skills. Turned out to be true.
Make a reddit bot that counts how many times a Rick roll link comment have been clicked
Karen Air - An airlines devoted just to Karen's
A device which enables you to stand at a place and see it's past/history with a scroll like Scarlett Johansson does in Lucy(2014)
Idea for the evolution of Robotics
Is this a good compromise for gun control
Twilight but it’s adapted as a 80 style sitcom
The MSM should be playing 24/7 the faces and names all the US Patriots that died from COVID-19. Just like they dead for those that died in 9/11, the Iraq and Afghanistan war.
Replace the talking heads on Fox News with deep fake words, removing their propaganda, then let the kids buy the parents/grandparents "new TVs" that stream this new content.
Force all Ivy League exams to use student ID numbers instead of names, so the graders aren’t pressured to give higher grades to students from wealthy/influential families
You know how the right is always whining about “cancel culture”? Let’s give them a true cancelation to whine about.
A tiny robot that jumps into your mouth and flosses and/or brushes your teeth for you.
thispersondoesnotexist.com but for anime characters
Fake vegetables made of meat, trying to reproduce the vegetable taste as close as possible for when meatitarians eat at a vegetarian event but its against their religion to eat vegetables.
Really?
The most annoying form of advert ever thought of. AD DOORS
When the pipe is jammed with weed particulate, scrape as much out as possible out with your finger, then light the remaining particulate, while inhaling, and finally, blow to clear the bowl.
A browser extension that tells you when a search you're about to make could put you on a watchlist
One of those fancy electronic japanese toilets but it's also a vending machine that serves laxatives and souvenirs...
It's a dish called Huevos Nuevos. Mexican for "New Eggs". Boiled eggs w/o shell with crispy tortilla shell instead. Boom, new shell new egg huevos nuevos.
Screwattack needs to have a Death Battle between Jimmy Neutron and Dexter.
National meeting tax
Have people sign up for a Saw experience
Have politicians debate while under the influence of psilocybin
Make phone cameras shut off when they're in portrait mode
Treat the hiring process like those mystery dating shows/"The Masked Singer"/"The Voice"
Release all the new movies directly on tv to avoid people coming outside and take money from them as EMI.
A drone that enters people's houses through dog doors and mailboxes and turns on their stoves at night without lighting them
Who’s excited for the next 72 hours of endlessly reposted common thoughts relating to war/president/voting?
There should be a button "archive" in the contact app
Movie trailers never show anything that isn't in the first 20 minutes of the movie
Host a "Pedophilia is a sexuality" protest, everyone who shows up is most likely a pedphile. Boom, get them arrested
We finally launched our startup Thatday
We get to take cars for a test drive, they should let people try out houses before they buy them.
People with the roach account profile pictures should be given reddit trophies called "bröther"
Nationalize the oil companies and use the profits to build green energy plants.
A subreddit where we post first hand experiences of our localities, so that everyone can get better and actual understandings of how other country people’s daily lives are instead of letting our media represent what we are.
Is it a smart idea for two 54 year old dudes to get married for the financial benefits?
Olive Garden should do a social distancing version of Unlimited Soup, Salad, and Breadsticks where the guy just has to keep coming back to your house.
Play This Game Faster Than This Dude
A PC app that automatically saves devices
How to Improve User Experience for a Website/App?
Camera companies should release a camera model advertising it as "military grade".
The Sims should release a COVID-19 expansion pack
Repurpose Motorcycle, Pilot, VR, or AR Helmets with Active Noise-Cancelling and Microphones for Noisy Home Office use.
Bubble wrap, but with scared faces on it so you feel morally challenged popping it
Get a free 10$ when signing up for cash app and using my code QPXNTNJ
Rick Rick Rolling
When Donald Trump dies he should get cremated so the guy working the oven can say “you’re fired”
Make a song like fck trmp but says something like not wearing msk is so kren and turn it up it loud when anti mskers are around man be they will wear it so they don’t get labeled
Privatize the shipping business and we might se something that happened with the space industry, a company that cuts way down on costs and time.
Bidens slogan should be make America great again
Common sense class in School
A version of Reddit called Debateit, where there are 2 comment lines for arguing a point or counter point and people upvote the reply that best argues their case.
An app that works in the background to read your face and immediately stop porn after an orgasm.
New Idea
Force all new toilets installed in the United States to include a bidet
A comment section for Movies and Shows on Netflix after you've watched
A national medieval battle league where each region declares it's own champion.
Teach your kids to write in comic sand by giving them comic sans Aa Bc sheets
so i had this weird idea
Election ballots should have a none-of-these choice?
Zoos should be closed one month out of the year.
Be sure to join!
Movie idea: Rogue Mohel Terrorizes City
Crazy Idea: PornHub should make a week where you can only see porn from other races
Combine all the world's timezones into one super-timezone where it is always 5:00PM
A subreddit called bushtits for the bird, a subreddit called shrubmammories for tits in bushes, and a subreddit called GWtits for photoshops of George W Bush with tits.
Two people need to document as accurately as they can what the last 4 years was like and put those documents in a time capsule. One Democrat, one deep in the Trump cult. Then, when historians look at it they will see exactly how horrible it was, and how bat shit fucking crazy half of America was.
Play pink floyd's song "mother" as trump leaves the whitehouse
We need to re-elect Trump because we have nothing to impeach Biden with.
Join Trump’s campaign volunteer team and slow everyone down with crippling incompetence!
Flea collar/medicine for humans
Teach the phonetic alphabet along with the regular alphabet in school
Restart the “all lives matter” movement.
To repair the enormous damage done to its brand by the pandemic, Corona beer should develop and market a Coronavirus vaccine.
Program the numbers and letters on barcodes to correspond with music notes so when you check out it's musical sounding.
Ear/Head pieces related to discomfort on airplanes
We need a new internet. Privacy of the users comes before all else. where your digital finger print is Encrypted with a key that you only have. Anywhere you go online your data and traffic is encrypted.
In the star wars movie a new hope Jan Solo says hell which means in the star wars universe there is also a heavan which means there is God which means there is Christianity which means people in the star wars universe might have gone on crusades.
Everyone should celebrate New Year’s Day on their birthday. A.) This is their personal and true new year. B.) The gyms will not be overloaded with resolution people all at once. C.) Thank you for your time.
Make a website that tracks down the doctor who delivered you so you can be like "Hey, thanks."
Fuel stations in oceans for airplanes or boats
Let’s build a penis shaped skyscraper, we could call it the skyraper
Genetically engineered trees for houses
Someone should invent padded/protective gear for cheerleaders
Implement democracy through an app like reddit, with upvotes and downvotes.
Avita Magus NS12T5IN002P Laptop
You too, start this year 2021 well: Google creates its own cryptocurrency called*Global crypto* and offers you 1,000 tokens ($100) free of charge if you register by following this linkAnd in addition you will earn 2,000 tokens for each person registered with your link, with interest depending on the
Start a new Concealed Carry Action Sport where people do Wild West Cowboy standoffs using Simunitions pistols and draw from concealed carry holsters. Full helmet with face shield required.
Ban government employees from having social media accounts.
A show that stalks the lives of the TMZ people, blowing things out of proportion and make fun of them
Instead of stimulus checks, the US government lets citizens borrow larger sums in a "national bailout". The government is then allowed to go after the income and assets of these who do not repay their debt in a timely fashion.
Lobster stuffed fish stuffed into a shark stuffed into a crock.
A comic strip where where’s a fat orange cat that has an affinity for lasagna.
The Gofundme for George Floyd should try to push for a political revolution by funding a third party.
Have a reverse lottery where tickets are $2, and most people get $100 back, and you can play as much as you want. One person every lottery gets massively fucked over and all of his possessions are repossessed and sold by the government to afford paying back other contestants.
Yesterday's events need a name. It should be called the Crybaby Insurrection.
Radical crazy leftist legislation idea. With the ship stuck in the Suez Canal, companies are losing millions, if not billions, by the day. Introduce legislation now that prevents companies from passing their losses to the consumer.
Everlasting, self cleaning pocket pussies
A machine that injects you with a small dose of a stimulant drug 20 minutes before you have to wake up for work so you're never late
Use radioactive clocks with a short half life in order to accurate tell the time wherever.
someone should make headphones were if someone says your name the music stops playing
An app that tracks and feeds your opinions (like google or facebook) but then floods your newsfeed with contrary views at random intervals
Put that grip tape that goes on skateboards on the bottoms of your shoes.
“Your dad is so boring...” jokes. Idk “like your dad is so boring his grass cuts itself” or something. I think it’d be a great genre.
Ads work like actual Reddit posts. The community decides which ones deserve more visibility with awards and voting. The same amount of ads is still there, it’s just the most well received ones that are shown
A gofundme to raise money for Reddit gold for all Reddit users
Jar Jar Binks in the Mandalorian
The show naked and afraid should be replaced by nothing but a turtleneck and terrified
Call of Duty: Black Cops
I would enjoy seeing a Tolkienesque fantasy setting where half-orcs and half-elves and such are called half-humans
GameStop should just start selling gaming PC parts for those who can't rely on shipping.
Big brand candy bags, having individual candy bags with only one flavor.
UFO's documented by US Navy and Airforce are actually superintelligent cephalapods from our own planet's oceans
Fakeit, a sub where people ask questions, and others respond with made up answers. The most convincing one wins
A dating app for geese. You’ve got to help those solo geese find a buddy. Flocker: The Ultimate V Finder.
Hear me out..
People that dial wrong numbers must legally talk to the answerer until that person decides it’s time for the conversation to be over.
Train of Thought, Station Prediction Assistance
Put a small sexual consent waiver inside condom boxes
3D capable iPad using glasses we already have from last gen TVs
Round up everyone active in idealogical groups, give them MDMA, then drop them in the middle of Kansas
Instead of smoke bombs for a gender reveal party, have a wallet that either has a dollar or 72 cents.
A subscription service free to use but you have to pay to cancel
Narcissists/Sociopaths who upload media of themselves being casually abusive towards their own pets for clout/internet points should be fined and have their pet taken away.
Presidential Debates Upgraded
Socks that don’t disappear because they are used with ties, like shoes but fluffy
A recorder app on the phone that records birdsongs nearby and tells you what king of bird it is and more!
A university program in which instead of taking courses, you get recruited into different jobs on a monthly basis. You get on the other side knowing what will the actual job feel like.
Set small business rent by foot-traffic (a la cloud server by usage)
Have the option to allow companies to sell your personal info but you get a cut of the sales.
Old films like BTTF can have sequels using advanced CGI that was spawned from Deepfake.
Daniel Craig should do another James Bond where his mission is to kill John Wick.
Star Wars directed my Wes Anderson
Government subsidized food delivery service.
You should be able to sell expired plane tickets if you didn’t make your flight.
Use your shadow to figure out where you will fall
Could a rubber dingy be filled with helium to effectively create a flying car, maneuvered by propellers?
There should be an app to make a 5 minute video call to some random person isolated due to coronavirus. When you end the call, you both can vote 👍 or 👎. If you both voted 👍, then this person is added to your friends and you can continue chatting. Otherwise you never see them again.
The US western states and the Mexican northern states should secede and create their own country, the Cowboy Republic
Companies no longer issue shares, but they launch a crypto coin that acts as a "share"
Online classes
Humans should be proud of their position on the food chain, and start exclusively eating apex predators.
Sprinkle (very bloody) chopped liver in the stalls and urinals of a men’s toilet then enjoy the ensuing fun.
If short people breathed through a snorkel instead of a wearing a mask then only tall people would get sick.
NBA TopShot
Medical staff should get a campaign medal for the plague. Similar to the medals given to soldiers after conflicts
Joe Rogan has trump on, it would break the internet.
When your kid is little, make up a new fictional visitor like Santa or the Tooth Fairy. Tell 'em that Magic Xavier leaves cupcakes for them every July 19th or whatever. It'll be years before they figure out it's fake on multiple levels.
Spotify should pay 400 touring musicians 500k each for next album + tour instead of giving podcast hosts like Bill Simmons 200 million
Attorneys should have ring names, theme songs, costumes, and bombastic personalities. The lawyers that win the most cases and get the most PPV viewership advance into a bracket tournament called the AtTourney where they compete to become the very best lawyer in the world
Make a bot that automatically comments “good bot” underneath any other bot comment
Run a scam education and prevention service by actually trying to scam people, but instead of getting money from victims in the last step, teach them not to fall for it in the future.
Tampax Pearl could run a promotion where they put motivational fortunes in the wrapper and call them "Pearls of Wisdom"
Being able to shuffle not only songs, but artists and whole albums...
A website which tells you if a youtube video is clickbait or not
Buy a brand new Ferrari then spend the same amount of money again modding it to look like a Lamborghini.
Replace Bill Barr with Bill Burr
Keep cameras on election candidates until a winner is announced, the way they do at the oscars
The Rolex truly smart phone
We all spam Alex Hirsch and Disney with emails letters texts phone calls for fricks sake for Gravity Falls season 3
I wonder if someone has had a set of twins and named them Siri and Alexa.
If there is multiverse continuity for everyone then When you almost die but don't your multiverse probability waveform collapse identity almost breaks off but doesn't and if mapped on a timeline would show a curve coming back as your mpwci freezes, hits a wall, and rebounds. like a pumpkin on an ekg
What if we actually can see microscopic organisms but they're so small they don't register? I
Dog parks need to be live-streamed, that way dog owners can ensure dogs are at the location, before traveling to it
Have non-disabled versions of competitive sports with the same rules, except all players are required to use wheelchairs the whole time.
If we figure out the time of our demise as humans, we should delete every piece of literature except for greentexts to leave future species/aliens dumbfounded.
Destructive Salvation: A Sci-Fi Novel Inspired by the Search for a Non-Destructive, Universal Cancer Cure (50% off in Honour of Cancer Prevention Month)
making karens order food without masks but the fbi confronts them at the store door
A messaging app that is completely customizable.
Why can't we fund some sort of fire break project for the West coast of the US?
Everyone should be making low budget virus lockdown movies. We could have a film festival after this is all over. Somebody with big bucks needs to pony up some serious prize money.
A Button on Reddit that says "Do Not Show This Again". It eliminates reposts from YOUR feed but others can still see it if they are new.
An MMORPG based in Fantasy Flight’s Android universe, where players are cyberpunk hackers and raids are hacking runs on corporation servers attempting to break firewalls and obtain corporate secrets.
Something something Covid database something something vaccine something $1,000 something covidiots
A reddit button to print something from r/memes into a hallmark card
The Shower Capsule
Make it common practice in schools to start every class by having the students take 3 deep breaths
a store where everything is free plus fees
An app where you can find yourself in the background of other strangers photos
Start spreading the rumor that the 'proof' against vaccines was funded by the Chinese government to be able to wipe us out with the coronavirus.
If you connect your subscriptions to YouTube, you will never see advertisements for something you currently have
A dating app that automatically ages everyone’s pictures so picky people will know what their potential date or future husband/wife will look like when they get old.
Next barn raising, we could let the women-folk cook the meal in advance, so they can do some right proper pole dances when the men are a'done with the chore. And cider!
Government funded program where a bunch of healthy foods are free to save money on healthcare in the long run
Google maps should show a weather forecast for a drive
If you have a small penis dress it up like a clown so they'll be laughing at the clown and not the size of your penis.
(TV Show Idea) Time Traveling Fisherman
Burnt Hot Dog cereal.
Ice that sinks, so when you drink the ice doesn’t go into your mouth.
Teleporting babies
Make Coca Cola great again (original cocaine formula)
Instead of relying on food delivery services, have food truck that behave like ice cream trucks
Hollowing out your toenail and adding a secret compartment
Make TIME's Person Of The Year 'A Lot Of Very Smart People'.
Hit yourself in the head with a hammer until you're dumb enough to enjoy corporate culture so you can get ahead
Let’s Just Get Rid Of The Word “Gender”
Downvote button for Twitter
America has been so equally devided between the left-wing and right-wing, that at this point we should just divide our nation in two.
Kill the entire population of the land, and dump their corpses on your fields. Then raise the skeletons of the corpses once all the squishy bits have turned into rot and fertilizer to work the land. Then get new peasants to take advantage of that, and repeat the cycle as necessary.
Vapes that whiten your teeth.
Relocate the White House to Benghazi so conservatives will care when it is attacked
Electing president should be like Jury Duty. We just randomly select a citizen to be president for 4 years.
USB pluging in competition
Remember in the most pressured of situations emerged some of the greatest innovations ever.
Create a new athletics tournament where performance enhancing drugs are legal
Tinder should have an option to hold your replies for half an hour to make you look less desperate
Genetically engineer Corona Virus to make infected people pass gas constantly, natural social-distancing would ensue.
Add a "Politics" flair next to spoiler and NSFW and let us enable/disable politics in our feed
Carbonated milk
We're living in the bad timeline where Trump was never impeached. People in a parallel universe are thinking how bad things would be if they didn't impeach him. They have no idea.
through true understanding, find lasting motivation and inspiration.
Instead of debates, have an epic Presidential Jeopardy Tournament!
Biden should mandate all military vehicles should go electric
If there were only men, competitive trick peeing would likely be a televised sport
Political Honesty Score
They should release a crossover movie of Sex and the City and Entourage
Debate Camp. Government mandated camp for people who believe in antivax, flat earth theory, trickle down economics, and racial bigotry to expose them to each other.
Become the director of a local funeral home and then sponsor a series of dare-devil, adrenaline-fulled extreme sports events with a high mortality rate. Sit back and count the great PR.
I may have accidentally discovered how it is that human beings didn't evolve, and are actually aliens to the entire world!
Use phones facial/eye recognition tech so that when you show someone a GIF on your phone it starts at the beginning once they look.
Pick a time and date and everyone call a stranger and strike up a conversation with someone you've never talked to before.
The Bible part 2
If the covid-19 vaccine comes in limited supply, it'd be most logical to (forcibly) vaccinate anti-maskers anti-vaxxers who are the most vulnerable to the virus and most likely to spread it to others.
Instead of saying OK Boomer let's all just keep saying fuck off asshole.
what if we deleted all polandball off the earth?
Make a constitutional amendment that prohibits People in office from using social media by themselves
CRT Cluster Displays
The American Healthcare system is a shit show, we all know that. How about, instead of the current system we have now, Obama care, or free Healthcare, we put caps on how much hospitals can charge for things.
Introduce an IQ factor into voting.
Amazon should deliver to the heart of the Amazon for lolz
Assassinate the second most powerful man in Iran to try to get a second term as US President
Remake "the Passion of the Christ," except Christ is played by an NFL linebacker, and all the Romans are played by young child actors.
People can officially vote about anything they want whenever they want, but its only counted with no legal effect, except the usual times theres voting. This would prevent them from using the excuse that you cant vote too often cuz its hard to count. Learn to count.
A platformer wherein there's a button at the bottom of the screen, which when pressed at any time will take you to the ending of the game
start an urban jewelry store called Le'Chainz
A system where you have to earn to have children.
#testthepresidentA fake gun that when you pull the trigger, a "bang!" Flag pops out, but when you pull the trigger again it shoots the "bang!" Flag out like a harpoon.
Since citizens around the world complied with the lock down, sacrificing civil liberties for the common good, when this is over we should gain a new civil liberty as a reward: the global legalisation of cannabis!!
Government control.
Console games should have an option to have a timer for your game.
MAKE MONEY DO NOTHING!!
A company or something that remakes PG and U films into 18/15 rated versions
Republish manifestos, but with criticisms edited in.
A YouTube series were a team of Navy Seals play games like Battlefield, Counterstrike, or ARMA, using tactics they use in real life to see how well they work in game.
Highly publicized, John Henry-style race between automated construction companies and traditional construction companies to build lodging facilities for the children at the borderPipe water from flood-prone parts of the country to California.
The Three Time Grammy Award Winning Hit Summer Track Titled SMOOTH By Carlos Santana Featuring Rob Thomas Of The Matchbox 20
Walking around Bangkok during Lockdown
Craziest idea ever
Realistic robots for training and... Other purposes with realistic bodily fluids.
Pi the new digital currency which you can mine for free on your phone. (No value at the moment but it will have a value in 1-2 years)
Implement a Hitler style eugenics program but in secret by releasing genetically engineered bio viruses to kill only specific kinds of people like of low intelligence or are not immune to aids, and don't tell anyone so they can't protest
Breed ticks that make you allergic to red meat and spread them everywhere to help climate change.
MMA should have a fan day where out of shape untrained random people can go as long as they can against known fighters
All employers let their employees choose their two off days of the week.
Make a social media platform that allows recursive reactions
McDonald's should make laundry detergent that smells like McDonald's
Presidential debates except at the end there is a vote and who ever loses gets deported and has their citizenship revoked. Last person standing is the president for the next 4 years.
Jeans that don’t feel disgusting to sleep in
A really well mannered and polite internet.
Politicians who lie should be treated like the traitors to their contra that they are
Free pornos, nudes, live shows, daily chatting and more all with one girl !!!
Ummm, Petrol scented candles
Self gluing Poster for your wall, no tape, no nails;
Raisin Bran: Oops! All Raisins
Create aChoose-Your-Own-Adventure style book or website with therapy advise for people who can’t afford it.
Wear nothing but American flag shirts. That way you'll never have to sort colors from whites while doing laundry, because those colors don't run.
We should make a version of Reddit where you can delete replays to your post or comment that you don't agree with so that all the anti-vaxers and flat-earthers leave our Reddit for that reddit
Okay hear me out instead of creating a better healthcare plan how about we instead put limits on how much pharmaceutical companies can charge for their product and how much hospitals can charge for services!
Let's make daylight savings 30 minutes instead of an hour.
Michelin-star restaurants should offer a "Twitter service" where professional photographers take photos of you and your food and post them from your Twitter account so you can build clout without interrupting your meal
The Creep Network, For $10/month have access to millions of TV Cameras in peoples' homes
Which police precincts around America are racists?
scientifically test the claims of white supremacists, black supremacists, mexican supremacists, etc, in some kind of competition.
A presidential debate where the mics can be turned off and on by the moderators
This is actually a great idea
Can You Make Money Online? (Debunking the Myths)
Someone making a painting of a fireworks show, but like of the gods, in space, and the fireworks are actually planets and stars exploding.
Juul should make cigarettes for people trying to quit smoking juul
Whenever you are the 69th person to upvote a post you get an automatic "nice" to your inbox.
Create the experience of being famous virtually using AI for fans, Press, &amp; social media.
I have several ideas
Tim Burton theme park, like Disney land but based around his character. Aim it solely at adults who take edibles and psychedelics before they're enter the park. Can you imagine the experience you would have being on a rollercoaster sitting next to Beetlejuice whilst tripping balls!!!
A rollercoaster decided by the internet
Chicken coop on the top of city apartment building. Freshly laid eggs roll down via tubes down to residents in the morning.
a moth-based barber shop
Instead if giving me retirement benefits, let me work one less day per week with the same pay so I can have more time with my kids
pronounce kansas as kansaw
If Trump thinks he is the “Chief law enforcement officer of the country” then he should wear a body cam while on “duty”
Take a survey of people 10 years after they graduate, of which classes they found useful for anything that's important to them, and get rid of useless classes.
We should concientize about Coronavirus like with cigarrettes.
The Beeper: a machine that beeps so when guests in the house hear beeping and say “hey what’s that beeping?” you say “oh, that’s just the beeper.”
A service that lets people who need to pass drug tests buy peoples clean urine and call it PeePal
A VERY SELF-IMPORTANT COLLEGE FRESHMAN
Progressive charities should sell swastikas and confederate flags, then use the money for good.
Let's do something crazy.
A podcast where the reviewer only reviews things (movies, food, books, etc.) they haven’t consumed in a long time
The next time your ex texts you, respond by saying “I HATE YOU” 36,000 times.
If you type your Reddit password in a comment, Reddit actually turns it into *********
Buy a large passenger jet and go to Tokyo. Every day, sneak into the Tokyo Tower and replace a tiny part of it with your plane. Repeat for a few years and now you have the Tokyo Plane.
Build your house so that you get an Indiana Jones type ray of light one your birthday, anniversary, etc. due to the sun’s angle.
The next presidential debate of the United States should have a moderator along with a top health expert and a top climate change expert.
famous actors should go on amateur cooking shows under assumed names
Insist Vice President Pence display his patriotism by changing his name to Mike Cents.
A late night talk show that's broadcast live at 7am called The Late Late Late Late Late Late Show. The host and all the guests are hungover or unconscious.
An audio version of /u/morejpeg_auto that responds to "needs more mp3"
If you'd consider the equivalent/a similar regulation "a sign we're living in a YA dystopian novel" if imposed on the public, don't suggest it should be imposed on politicians even if your goal is rooting out corruption
Train a machine learning algorithm on patent applications, have it come up with useful or at least hilarious inventions.
Along with a chaplain and police officer have retired/B list celebrities deliver bad news to people in the middle of the night
A virtual reality game that takes in information about you, your life, and the people and places around you, creates a copy of it, and let’s you explore a realistic virtual version of your own world doing whatever you want.
Spotify should have a way of adjusting how often different subsets of songs in a playlist play, independently of the number of songs in each subset
Doorknobs that are meant to be sucked on, and have a sanitized coating on them as to not hold germs
Go on Parler(or whatever they are using now), and make a random post about "I need your *sensitive information* to own the libs!" to see how many would give it up without any more prompting.
Porn websites should have to use .cum domains instead of .com
Unban r/watchpeopledie by putting black guys dancing with a coffin at the end of every video.
A crowd funding site to premptively save any series that Alan Tudyk is cast in before the first episode even airs.
A collaborative album with Tom Waits and Randy Newman.
A rap battle between 2 tap dancers tapping with morse code
Change Reddit to Blackit
Siri should get better at understanding whispers, so you can use it quietly
Now that the gov is printing money again, let's build a national bullet train system. Cheap and fast travel, also less pollution
Every year when people have to pay their taxes, let them pick which divisions their money goes in to.
be a member of 2 churches at once, church of god and church of satan, and tell ppl you wish god and satan would get along theyre both great guys
A one tap icon on your phone which orders your favourite takeout instantly.
Video game with a bunch of crazy stuff happening. Outbreaks with mutant hornets, Infiltrating virology labs etc.. Game title: 2020
So...I wrote this song and have no idea what it means ;) It has some classical, electronic and rock influences and i think its cool?...lol idk maybe someone else can tell me what it means, hope it at leasts brings a smile to your face ;-D
What if lions rule the world
A movie where Demi Moore's character from Ghost starts dating a guy played by Bruce Willis who turns out to be reprising his role from The Sixth Sense.
Each time a artist releases an album, surprise a few fans with a lifetime percentage of their royalties
Graphical user interfaces that wear out. The more you click, the more scuffed up the buttons get.
Are recent global events acts of AI?
A kevlar lined picnic blanket for inner city parks. No more needle sticks.
PornHub shuts down for the month of November.
Merge warring nations and grant special powers to the weaker nation.
Thoughts on restaurants using a digital menu?
An app that scans the bar code of a product and it tells you if it's a Nestlé product so you can buy an alternative.
Customizing guns as a way to catch peope off guard
Change all four lane highways into two lane highways and cars are also four wide instead of two in the front and two in the back.
Raise popularity of military / army / etc. by treating it like sports. Picture cards with stats, televised training events, merch.
From a TikTok compilation: regret vs. gut feeling, signals to and from the past and future selves.
Companies should pay for the data I'm forced to use when watching their ads on YouTube.
A porn star named Germ Vector
What if the turtles don’t want to be saved?
Think your country could use some change? French style revolution time!
A website like only fans where people can sell their personal information to companies willingly
Offer thick Irish accents for more GPS and other voice technologies
Instead of working about size, hair, tail, noses, etc. Breed dogs to live well as long as possible.
Ban everyone. Do it, I dare you.
Social Distancing Shirts that say "If you can read this you're too close."
Revive the show "The Three Stooges" except where they're exterminators who are afraid of bugs
The government should mail a disposable nicotine vape to every household in America. It'll cost less than 2 billion dollars, and if even 10% of smokers quit as a result, it'll save 50,000 lives per year.
What if we all HAD to do this while scrolling Reddit?
Make a subscription based app/website, where people pay to see pictures of your cat. Called Onlycats.
legalize all abuses of power of the social networks to a ridiculous extent, such as letting them ban any post that is not in support of hitler during hitler appreciation month, and let them dig their own grave as peer to peer networks without the technical ability to censor anything replace them
A unicorn except its horn extends out like Kilo Ren’s lightsaber
A show that cross overs World of Darkness and Shadowrun and has flashbacks to before the awakening to play the characters both when they're hiding and when they're out
Think about how much time we could save as a human race by reducing our Happy Birthday ‘Hip Hip’s to two.
Extreme use of company referral program
People running for presidents should not be a native citizen of the country in which they are a candidate.
Middlecase letters.
Make online mental health resources work similar to how personalised adverts work.
Let's patronize tf out of the try-hards by spelling effort "æffort"
a checkbox in browser menu that says you are at least 18 years old so you dont have to keep saying so, or worse saying what year you were born, at NSFW sites.
Turning off comment section on ads should be illegal/not allowed. Companies take away the consumers voice and make them watch ads
Someone should make an app that allows you to find all the pics where people are in the exact same pose... I don't know why but I think it would be funny to see this.. lol
Call Self Isolation a Covidcation
Facebook without comments
Donate a car to Kars4kids on the condition that the composer of the ad jingle drive it off a cliffAmazon should restrict graphics card purchases to one per address until the shortage ends.
The gay community should figure out what tags ISIS is using on Twitter and just fill them up with pictures of men boning each other.
Inflatable sex dolls should use real skin
A movie where one actor is not told all the lines, and given a false movie idea. His/her genuine reactions and character breaks are left in the final cut. I nominate terry crews
Wrapping paper themed on the movie Se7en with Brad Pitt on it pointing a gun at Kevin Spacey and shouting "What's in the box!?"
Furniture kits with one extra, very obvious, completely unexplained, and totally unnecessary screw that only barely does not fit inside any of the holes.
Do all the bad things you can do in this universe so all your parallel universe selves will be better than you.
A device in which you place items in to repair them using Nanobots.
Trash receptacles that look like mannequins, complete with outfits. To put the garbage in, you tilt back the heads like pez dispensers.
A machines that hides messages in videos by taking the first pixel of every frame
Unlimited Binge and Show Shuffle for our Ever Expanding Streaming Services
A reality show where there are 30 people all living in a house together and all the contestants think they are being filmed 24/7 but they aren't. The real show begins when they leave the house and it shows how they react to no-one knowing who they are.
Crazy idea: posters on every sub start writing the name of the sub at the beginning of every post so that the advert-posts stick out more.
From 12AM to 8AM, all churches around the world should transform into homeless shelters with free beds.
There should be comment sections at the end of each chapter of ebooks/audiobooks.
Anyone who profits from the suffering of others has to give up that money. Doesnt matter that they didnt cause the suffering, or at least cant be proven they caused it, cuz it will motivate others like them to cause suffering and profit from it. Covid vaccines, amazon getting rich from lockdowns...
Trump makes offer to Biden he'll drop out for renomination if Biden makes Trump his running mate vee-pee
use a syringe to inject high fructose corn syrup, or just sugar water or strong flavor of some kind, into whole strawberries
Send spacecraft probes out towards the asteroid belt to “study” but instead alter the trajectory of several asteroids to send them hurtling towards enemy nations. No nukes and everyone blames god.
Everyone packs a water gun at all times. Anti-Masker shows up. Water in the mouth.
Star Trek like automatic screen door. Crazy idea I made into a reality.
An under the covers methane power generator that can charge your phones.
Bank tellers should have code words like “please don’t shoot” that trigger hidden cameras to take hd photos of the room in case their being robbed
Sit-com pitch: “Quaran-Teens” from the perspective of a few girls sharing the same living space in a confusing world. One’s pretty but vain, one who’s chubby, one token ethnic, one from the wrong side of the tracks, one... wait that’s Facts of Life
A suicide cult that isn't bent towards some crazy afterlife idea or recruiting people. Instead a suicide club for people that want to plan the most painless way to go and do it with each other so they won't be alone when they die.
Redistribute Reddit karma equally to all users
For November elections label your opponent as a nut and capitalize on no-nut November
Every adult gets three timeouts in life
“AM” AND “I’M” ARE THE SAME WORD
Whenever the next non-nuclear war is (even if it isn't WW3), find a way to still get war coverage if networks won't allow it by coming up with a reason the soldiers would need body cameras
Protesters should all carry guns and protect each other, all-in
Modem/Router Battery Packs should be a killer feature, instead of relying on UPS.
Once in your life you can "supervote" which counts for 10 votes
giant bees
FPV Remote Controlled Gazelles vs real life Cheetahs on the open plain
Pornhub needs a pre and post nut comment section
Traffic lights should be configured to decibel meters so if too many cars honk, the red light will be on longer. This will discourage honking.
You should be able to buy reddit premium for a week for some reddit coins
KARMA!
Give out participation trophies to election losers and even their voters to prevent anger and claims of fraud.
Elmers glue flavored icecream.
All middle aged women who aren’t “Karens” should become anti-Karens. Demand to speak to the manager and compliment the workers/business.
If you contemplate how we really live in the first world, it would not have been hard to have already micro-chipped everyone already, long ago. That assumes that the chippers would have taken my approach: never tell anyone you didn't have to. I never would.
If Trump just team up with Putin and nuke China back to stone age, it would really do the world a huge favor
We should get a bunch of tiny animals like rabbits and hedgehogs drug them to be mad and make them fight Pokémon style
They should make a short/long movie about Reddit!
What if when we went to the doctor we could see the cost of every service upfront?
Twin city AI overlord project: use 2 U.S. cities that are identical in size to test Artificially Intelligent governance structures.
A loop feature on YouTube where you can play your favorite part of a song on loop
Butt-plug wind instruments.
cash thats twice as long so you can fold it over and it looks like twice as much
Get rich somehow, then pay for a private nurse to be continually refilling a drip feed that pumps sedatives into your system so you can spend the rest of your life in bed asleep.
Start a hat store and locate it right beside a poorly reviewed hairdresser
To curb the spread of COVID-19, it should be mandatory for everyone to eat large quantities of fresh garlic and onions. Also beans and cruciferous vegetables (broccoli, cauliflower, etc.).
A band where the guitar is played by 6 people, each having assigned one string etc.
Gather all of your friends, especially your friends with OCD, and show them the movie Contagion (2011).
Demand the government list the things it is never allowed to do for any reason. I think youll find its an empty list according to them
Now that there is a coin shortage in the US, now is the time to get rid of the penny, just round the prices up or down, com on people!
A news outlet that click-baits and bends the truth until it almost snaps
Get a guy named Floyd, paint him pink, and then keep telling people that you can have pink Floyd perform just for them for just a few hundred dollars.
North Korea should sell "Be a dictator for a day" travel packages.
You know what Gil Scott Heron? The revolution will not be covered on Facebook. But it might be Rpan-ed for the first little bit
Smoke and CO detectors with celebrity voices
Grass-colored Golfballs
Make a list of everyone who buys toilet paper in bulk of sells stocks in bulk over the next month, and prevent those people from ever having a decision making role in the future
Start a dish club for the neighborhood
A premium supermarket shopping app, where users can opt in for the chance to be abruptly alerted by an alarm on their phone, and if they can make it to the exit before security tackles them, their items are free of charge.
Fill hotels with healthy young volunteers, give them coronavirus, and quarantine them there. When recovered, release into the wild. Rinse and repeat. This will boost the herd immunity, protecting the vulnerable.
Storing the post title in the attribution would be more helpful than the subreddit in many cases
Political Hurricanes
There should be a reddit bot or tool that calculates the money spent on a post based on the awards given
You have to leave the police force after 10-15 or so.
They should make a washing machine attachment that sends your clothes to the dryer to automatically be dried.
Shrek but shrek is voiced by Jeremy Clarkson from Top Gear.
Tissues should change color as you pull them out of the box to let you know you're getting close to the end of the box.
Rub moisturizing lotion all over an elephant every day from birth so its skin stays fresh and not so dry and wrinkly. That way it's your friend for life and defends you against bullies
"This site sucks" button for the internet
366 official international clubs to for people with the same birthday to celebrate together, one for each day
Implant huge magnets into your butt cheeks so that you can never get flung off of a mechanical bull
Toilets should have bidets that spray water at the clitoris
Re-create a room with displays from Black Mirror for daily rent
THE NAKED WINTER X-GAMES
A game show called ‘Who wants to be a millionaire?”, where the contestants are billionaires and the losers get most of their money donated to charity
Borrow your friends car and install a back up beeper before giving it back to them
Ushio launches world's 1st UV lamp safely killing coronavirus
An UNDERTALE A.U. based on the obscure Undergrads (and Gimpy as Sans)
It would be great if someone created an app that was designed to prevent people from posting on social media while intoxicated. Just active the app right before you start drinking, and it prevents you from posting for 12 hours or so.
You can delete someone else's post for a cost of 10000 karma if the post has less karma than that
A karaoke contest where you must dress up as the singer of the song you sing. You get judged on both the singing and the costume.
A fake porn site that right before anyone get's naked in the plot just Rickrolls you.
Sell your soul to the devil, then after you receive your payment, file for bankruptcy. Now the devil can't legally collect on your dept
An entire coffee table book of people visiting famous landmarks that are completely obscured by fog, rain, or passersby
Reddit should give everyone one lucky draw on cake day, and they get a random amount of karma
The average age in college should be 25+, not immediately after high school.
A weeding ceremony where the minister, bride, &amp; groom can just text their nuptials back in forth whole sitting in the same room. When it's over the bride &amp; groom post selfies of themselves with their rings on social media.
When they’re ventilated, you can just grab them by the pussy! They let you do it.
Every time you share something from reddit with a friend via text, it automatically upvotes the post.
Make a battle royale game but instead of the map getting smaller, the player gets bigger.
A sonar-style key fob that vibrates with increased frequency and as you get closer to your car.
Obtain a roll of stickers that say "Free!" and stick them on hundreds of random items at the grocery store.
An Olympics for lazy people. Couchletes who do show the least amount of effort win gold.
Re-opening Local Businesses Amidst COVID-19
A Livestream in which you read all the deaths of the Holocaust
A city/community with zero service/internet/wifi access. For people who want to live without internet and who don't want to be visited by anyone who's not willing to put their phones down during their visit.
Disney needs to make a movie using Boston Dynamics Robots - no CGI.
Make Goku a boss in the next Dragon Quest game.
Get a parrot, name it Alexa, and teach it to respond to “Hey Alexa” commands.
Parts in a movie can only be played by people who share identical names with the character.
Make everyone read a Parenting book to show them the basics of how to understand and behave and treat others
Maps with all the buildings except metro/subway stops removed so you can see see how far they are apart actually
Some mechanism that can turn our hearing off
Before someone is sent to death row for such a crime,that person will be held in public and anyone is allowed to throw tomatoes at the person,no matter how rotten the tomatoes are
Make it illegal for companies to give out college loans to majors that cannot afford to pay off the loans with a salary from that major.
Before a colonoscopy, don't bother with that prep liquid they give you and just eat a bunch of Haribo sugar-free gummy bears.
All trucks/busses/any big inefficient vehicle should be decommisioned and made electric
Have a team of the best Wii baseball players go up against a team of the worst Collegiate baseball players. Winner plays in the MLB
Real Motorsport Like F1 Except You Can Use Any Speedrunning Techniques
A bluetooth enabled signature pad that is compatible with all phones and tablets for capturing digital signatures without having to touch one another's devices.
Create a system where politicians face increasing fines for each time they lie to the public as decided by a fair and transparent non-partisan fact check team.
A lighthouse in the middle of the desert
Label food products as mild unless they burn on the way in *and* the way out.
Presidential Escape Room
Canned hot dog water
A hotline for people who are too high to function
There should be an app or website where you can type what ingredients you have, and it shows recipes that you can make.
Somebody doing a poledancing routine dressed up as Jesus, except instead of a pole they use a cross.
Cure for loneliness
💔
We could write dates in January as 31/2021 or Day/Year since it’s the first month
A search function/find bar on quizlet
Give Rush Limbaugh the Presidential Medal of Freedom at tonight's STATE OF THE UNION address
Imagine all tv series and movies are interconnected
Make murders of Billionaires legal and the murderer gets 10% of Billionaires money
Send an official building inspector to hell to check if their emergency exit doors are working in case of fire
Elevators that are powered by carnival high strikers
What if Yars revenge was rebooted and is essentially mass effect, but yar is just the ship?
Give up current Israel and build a new Israel in a place that isn't surrounded by anti-semitic nations.
Roomba lawnmower
Apple/Google Automatically Sends Real-Time Cell Phone Location Data To Police When Phone Is Traveling Abnormally Higher (20 mph or 30 kph) Than Speed Limit Sacrificing Privacy To Save Lives.
Airplane mode on your phone should allow one number to be able to call you in case of emergency
If we could give cops special goggles so they see everyone as white, or everyone as black, which would be better?
Deliberately infect everyone under 24 with the corona virus to increase heard immunity after self quarantine
IRL "challenges" or "game" for developing good business sense.
People who don't look for oncoming traffic and just walk out onto the street deserve to be hit by cars
A website where you type in crappy mobile game names and find quality versions made by other companies
Anti-awards for Reddit
Go to a furry convention dressed as the hunter from Jumanji.
Only women should be allowed to take up the profession of being police officers
A restaurant called "i don't know" for when you ask your woman where she wants to go eat tonight
If Reddit's Night Mode didn't show images with predominately white backgrounds then it could actually not blind me.
A award to show how BAD a post is
A worldwide democratic nation... The Federation of Pangaea
Someone should be re-recording The Who's 1921 for the Biden campaign
Even poorest countries can do this through taxes to end hunger now (proof at end of post)
There should be a button on YouTube that reverses all the videos on a playlist so you don’t have to scroll to the bottom every time
The new diet
Send actual, mentally scarring hate mail to bad politicians
Twitch creates a site called Twitch Communist as a publicity event and experiment.
A business idea where you pay money to hug a fat person
Twitter should have an additional “verified” tick, the “verified not an idiot” tick.
Pitbull fights but fake and harmless like the WWE.
Train up a temporary reservist workforce of coronavirus specialist nurses and doctors.
Lego should make a "Let's play"-series where you see little kids play with their toys
Rob Gronkowski stars in a Hallmark movie.
Libraries should have a “Try Before You Buy” feature, where you can check out a book and choose to buy it, if you wish, at a slightly reduced price off the cover.
Refuse service to all cops while they're in uniform as a form of protest
A competitive jenga gameshow, but every contestant is blackout drunk
Reveal the investment portfolios of politicians.
A potato can be a battery. Breed more and more powerful potatoes and run the world on potato batteries.
Partial dive androids
A series of films where every role in each film is performed by the same actor so we can see who is the best all around actor.
A detective movie about Billy Joel trying to find who started the fire.
A party game where you are presented with two real Trump tweets, stories, or actions and one fake one.
What if we made protest posters targeting specific local cop. Making them into memes or shaming behavior.
a farm that is 1 continuous cow, so long that its born on one side of the far, gradually walks toward the slaughterhouse many miles away, and by the time it gets there its an adult cow. Between that is a sideways cow made of many conjoined twins (except millions of them long).
A parachute that deploys on impact
A Space Colony for the Elderly that are too Immobilized to Lead a Fulfilling Life in Earth’s Gravity.
In case of emergency, make a “Snake Flap” in all airplane doors in the shape of S
Percent seems like a very metric system. America should have its own imperial version of percentages.
Let’s start calling paediatricians “pedos” for short.
Let's replace marketing with ritual combat. Instead of telling us your company makes the best soda, you have to prove it by getting in a sword fight with the other company's CEO.
Couch Fishing should be a quarantine “sport.”
Instead of downvoting obvious negative karma accounts we should keep them at zero upvotes to discourage them.
a company that uses ct/cat scans of customers to 3d print exact replicas of their inner organs
Put high deet into a meth cook so that your clients don't get meth bugs
Apple should release a “Hey Siri, I’m leaving” feature for when you’re parked in your driveway trying to get GPS directions but your phone is still weakly connected to home Wi-Fi.
Learn to make fake rain clouds so that we can make it rain at will and these fires will be thing of the past....
In cinemas posters should state if a movie has an end-credit scene and its relevancy
An 800 number hotline for weed smokers where you can call in 24/7 and connect to a rep to have a deep or funny conversation with so you don’t have to feel alone while stoned.
Big companies have a minimum $$$ they pay in taxes
I Invented The World’s First Ever Protein Grinder! I Just Updated It And Added A Few New Features!
Selectively breed termites to eat concrete and let them loose... wherever you like
Imagine Facebook making its own mobile phone and giving it away for free or very cheap. With the Facebook app at the centre of it all.
Musk president of the Earth.
Collins Dictionary word of the year for 2020 will be “Social Distancing”
Feed the homeless to the hungry, 2 birds 1 stone.
Free College vs. Blue Collar Workers
A retractable metal tape measure calibrated in Biblical / Talmudic units of measurement such as palms, spans, and cubits.
The government that tracks every papercut and declares you legally deceased after your 1000th papercut.
NSFW Does it work like a hose?
Make clothing out of food, play tubas, and ride hippos around Washington DC.
Every competitor at the Olympics must wear roller blades during competition.
Cat 'spikes' for your PC.A see through gas tank that you install on the windshield of your car. You can see exactly how much fuel is left. Also it would give you a sense of how many crazy amounts of fuel are wasted on your car. Also great for insurance because you die instantly within a few minutes of getting burnt alive.
An App That Analyzes Someone's Face And Then Searches For a Porn Star With The Exact Face or Atlest or I'll see somebody that resembles them
A movie called "Christmas Presence".
A tv show or youtube channel about revealing real information about many food/ingredients.
a lock but filled with plutonium so when u cut into it you get deadly radiation poisoning
Reproduction shouldn't be basic human right.
Mary Poppins remake, but ALL of the parts are played by 94-year-old Dick van Dyke
Political figures should just switch to the opposing side and change their views from the inside out.
Let people decide what gets funded with 10% of the taxes they pay, allowing them to prioritise causes they care about
A truck hat beeps while driving forward so you don't have to see where you're driving. Its on others to not get hit by a beeping truck.
Billionaires receive a medal and prestige upon hitting three commas, giving them 1.1x multiplier on all income earned from then on. Prestiges can stack and all reset money is redistributed to new players.
A biography of billionaires and their crimes against humanity titled: Wealth and Hellness.
Someone should create an app that warns you if anyone is about to come within 2 meters of you. Giving you 360 protection.
Give anti-maskers a free vacation
DDOS Twitter so we can prevent World War 3.
Every leader of every country, when they first come to power, should have the first duty of their office be to take a dump in public. That way everyone can see that they are just people, and it will help destroy any "cult of personality" that might be building.
A tech tree for human knowledge. Links between complex ideas and the simpler ideas you'd need to learn first to understand them.
Battle Royale Dodgeball
Cut off a cow's head but keep the rest of its body alive as a https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beating_heart_cadaver so the meat stays fresh and you can cut off a few steaks at a time and burn the blood vessels closed, so the corpse stays alive and blood flowing thru it. Fresh meat at room temperature
There should be a button to turn images off in every social media platform so that it only loads the textposts and you don't need to use as much data volume if you don't have access to wifi
Replace all roads with dirt roads to prevent speeding
FINAL DESTINATION MOVIE THAT TAKES PLACE IN THE 1910s TO 1940s
Instead of making teenagers in highschool care for an egg or a liter of pop pretending it's a baby. Make them watch kids shows.
A tiny mouth on each of your teeth. All express radically different views on various topical, controversial subjects at random, inappropriate moments throughout the day. In your own voice, so everyone thinks it's you speaking. But it's not.
A gender reveal party but instead we just set billionaire's properties on fire.A show about a family that visits other family's places of residence that they've never met, &amp; gets to know them.
Gas the city daily but instead of filling the air with harmful gases, pump it full of vitamins so that everyone gets their required intake of vitamins everyday.
If sea levels are rising just train an army of beavers to build dams along the coast
Sometimes I write posts to the people who monitor what is typed and not sent, then I erase them with sending.
Japanese city politicians want to make walking while looking at your smartphone illegal https://t.co/tu3or5Wml7 (RocketNews24)
Trump revives The Apprentice to get a third term through a Constitutional loophole.
Competitive firefighting: three buildings are ignited with identical fires and dummy humans hidden inside, and three teams of firefighters compete to rescue the humans and extinguish the fire first
Running gear companies should use ostriches for branding instead of pumas/cheetas/deer/etc because ostriches are the fasted bipeds and we humans are bipedal.
Cast Vin Diesel's actual twin brother as his long lost brother in the Fast and Furious movies.
A long pipe system for the hot countries to give us their heat for our heaters
Instead of flying planes into buildings, terrorists could easily create more terror by handing out delicious smelling scratch and sniff stickers containing a deadly and contagious disease
All Car horns should be in a specific note as to create harmonies at traffic jams.
Have Twitter face "technical issues" in reactivating Trump's Twitter until after January 20th, then ban it permanently
Reddit should award reddit coins to redditors to celebrate cakeday and karma milestones.
Integration of Twitch and Discord so that the streamer can allow viewers to go into a waiting channel with hopes of being randomly picked to join voice with the streamer and 9 other viewers, each being in voice for a maximum of 10 minutes so that every minute someone has a chance to be picked
Make A News Station That Only Reports On Positive News.
An app like Tinder, but to match aspiring serial killers with people who want to die but are afraid of suicide.
Can't we just have gatherings in bars etc. With an entry fee being the price of a mandatory test which takes 15 mins. You pass the test you're in... Economy solved
A series cast with polyglots only. Then record all scenes in 3-5 different languages
Teach Ozzy Osbourne sign language so people can understand what he's trying to say
Metal straws made from titanium.
Buildings with huge multi-story atriums should install "art installations" that are just really tall ladders or scaffolds with a little crow's nest at the top. Let people sign a waiver, strap on a harness, and climb up there.
Pokemon! But for adults!
Russian roulette at the supermarket. A whole bunch of cans with no labels that are all the same price
Disney movies retold in the time of Covid where one or more unknown characters contract the virus. Audience guess which ones, and watch as the characters are left with tough social distancing decisions.
a religion where you believe in god and satan but god is his first name and satan is his last name and he has multiple personality disorder
Send someone’s email to a service like google then they send you suggestions of what to buy them based on their browsing habits
Nike Should Cover Covid Vaccinations and just ask people to share with #JustDoIt
A comet of fungi is Jesus's UFO
Have an arc of JoJo’s where the Stands are named after iconic internet memes.
Elon should name his son something like &lt;/body&gt; so it would potentially corrupt webpage rendering anytime it's mentioned
Cover the icecaps in Plastic that dissolves in seawater to reflect light
If Trump is removed from office Pence can pardon him. Oh shit!
A streaming service composed of only quality sport matches so you can randomly watch a game you don't know the result of.
Cheetos that are halfway between crunchy and puffed
Start an r/postNutThoughts where people post the first thing they though of after a nut
Make an obscene gesture called "Crescent Mooning" where you show your crack and the upper buttcheeks holding your pants in a way to form a crescent moon.
Let’s just take turns running America
Biden Should Give 2 GOP Senators from States with Dem Governors Cabinet Positions, Then Governors can Appointment Replacements
An app that uses facial recognition to automatically identify any police officer in the US
Doug, RCR, and Blondie get together and do their own grand tour.
make more modern 2d fps games like doom 2, void bastards, and projekt warlock.
Shelf-stable jars of freeze-dried veggies and meats made to be added to instant ramen
Masks could be used as paid advertising space.
2020s been so wild, it's time to reset the calendar.
we section of some decent-sized city for habitat restoration
International Armed conflicts solved through sporting events.
fruit-roll-up blanket
slap a brisket serve it with sloppy joe slam the hammer down
A bracelet that vibrates when your name is called
A “nighttime mode” that filters out any scary/crime-related subs at night
Open an abortion clinic called No Kidding
Toilets and bath tubs should have garbage disposals.
Bogus funny theory
I’m going to gather a bunch of flies, create a small light paper sled, and tie the flies to the front of the sled like miniature reindeer. Finally I place a paper cut out of a stick figure on the sled. Now I’ve created bug Santa Clause. Maybe I shouldn’t play god with a bunch of insects.
Anyone over 55 should take a required computer literacy class before owning a social media account
Only a person who was alive when part of national debt was borrowed can owe tax to repay it, and the other part of national debt is declared invalid due to the borrowers are dead.
New Sport
A story about a man with 7 kids of different races...
Videos that have nothing but music should let you pick the song
Look closely into toilet waters and you may see oneself.
Reading app that plays appropriate background music as we continue to read.
Richard Kuklinski-themed porno
Change the "skip intro" button to a "watch intro" buttion on streaming tv shows
Make a petition for Elon Musk to fund an expedition to Cuba's lost underwater city so people think he's a cool guy again.
An AI bot that adds all bot accounts into 1 group chat so they bot eachother
Copy - paste customization
What if, On one day we all say the most offensive shit on social media in an attempt to dethrone cancel culture.
Soccer, but you’re allowed to use your hands.
Have touch screens on movie theater seats where you can choose to rate the movie out of 5 stars
A vegetarian restaurant called “Multiple Choi’s”
How to brain reddit
6ix9ine and Ppcocaine should collab so we can truly see the lowest lows of the music industry
Dell G3 3500 Laptop
Zoom needs to create a special interface for Jews so you can hear 26 people talking at the same time while aggressively eating.
Unfollow Trump's Twitter account
How about an Arcade VR Magic Carpet Simulator run with PUSH-UPS!
Every President should have a VP that is of a different party than they identify as

A period tracker app that has an option to send SO an alert (w/opt in from SO) with helpful info on PMS, hormone changes, and fertility windows as they are happening each month.
Take all your dates on long hikes, then you can tell all your friends you always leave their legs sore no matter how bad you are at sex
Full body transplants.
There should be a show about confronting asshole customers
A draft like the NFL draft, but with companies drafting employees they want.
Would $500 motivate you to make your crazy idea happen?
Make it unethical/illegal for a medical professional to make decisions about a patient they've never seen or talked to. The bottom-of-the-barrel doctors who barely passed med school wouldn't be able to work at an insurance company, and you could sue the company for practicing without a license.
Smuggle drugs using Canadian geese.
We start calling maple syrup "tree juice"
Next to where it says how many awards a post or comment has it should say how long they have Reddit Premium for
Bring back duels
A "randomocracy" where candidates and leaders are chosen by spinning a giant wheel.
Flesh-lighthouse for Kong &amp; Godzilla
What if you could take pictures with your eyes?
Once a consciousness is formed, How can It be truly erased? If death can be interpreted as simply ceasing to exist, how would that truly feel?
A weird idea that came to me out of nowhere
Hold reverse fire drills where everyone stands outside an office and when the alarm goes off they need to get back to work as soon as possible.
Toilet seats that automaticaly go up, so that people dont piss on them with the seat down and leave piss stains.
An option to toggle a playlist to “clean” that temporarily removes any explicit songs for the rare occasion that would be helpful
Joe Biden should meet with Greta Thunberg and Malala Musafsai. I hope I spelled their names right, they are guiding beacons of the world.
We shouldn’t have one election but 4 elections spaced 3 months apart.
Blockbuster Video can make peace in the middle east a reality.
A corporation ran by this subreddit where we create these crazy ideas.
A reality show where billionaire CEOs have to live off of their lowest paid employee's salary for a month.
If you post a crazy idea for a product &amp; it already exists, you must buy it.
Daylight savings shouldn't exist anymore, nobody like darkness outside at 4pm
Crazy Idea: A Framework for building a government on Blockchain
In 10 years, they should make a followup of all the "You are not the Father" people from Maury
Create a medical procedure that connects an additional airway to your nose separate from your esophagus so you can’t choke on food.
How To Buy A Laptop At Less Price….?
Tazer Gauntlets
Now would be a great time for Amazon to start offering deliveries via drones.
AliExpress should launch a streaming service with rip-off’s of popular movies and shows.
Everybody loving each other and getting along
Make the sound button grey so you can tell if there is a sound button when there’s a white or black background.
DOUCHEDOGS
Instead of a virtual fireplace being streamed to your tv- A virtual light show
Ezeephone customer care number 6204027663+6202278073
The United states become individual states/nations
WhatsApp should have a feature that allows you to send a text without the recipient's phone buzzing. A silent text, to give it a name.
Using deepfakes on horny bonobos to create human porn in order to protect women
In the age of social isolation and quarantining, maybe we will see the rise of MSN Messanger like a phoenix from the ashes
Truckers can get pretty lonely behind the wheel for long hours, how about an app or call line where you can chat with a trucker?
Unique zoo fundraiser - wild game style dinner
I highly recommend an animal become President/Prime Minister of just one country, especially a world power. I feel like the media would calm down and people would be much happier. This obviously wouldn't happen, for many reasons, but I would love to see a little kitten ruler
A non-profit charity that gives guns to law-abiding minorities to deter police violence.
Stop the spread of coronavirus by executing anyone who tests positive
Two hands battling one another RPG style? Too crazy?
Write a romance novel about two teenagers who each get the corona virus, and one of them suddenly dies at the end after the other makes a full recovery. Title: The Fault in Our SARS.
Masked Singer Premiere tonight!
If you find a magical genie lamp, make your first wish, "I wish, from now until the end of time, whenever a human being dies anywhere, they would be immediately reincarnated in the cloud tops of Jupiter."
Jury trials should not be live, they should presented to jurors as a document to read. And jurors make a decision based on the document alone in a room.
A dedicated cloud service for all video games that allows you to log in with any console, handheld, or computer system. Also, cross play with certain enabled devices as selected by the user, all under one username. Play any game you want, anywhere, anytime.
People should organize and have a “Reddit Race,” where they create new accounts and race to get a certain amount of karma in a certain amount of time.
Bamulance
Make politicians take standardised high shool exams and publish the results before each election.
Instead of learning other languages in school, everyone should learn a ‘common tongue’ instead.
America should switch over to metric time (10 hours, 100 minutes, 100 seconds), and then insist that the rest of the world change to the clearly superior system
Reddit has to plant a tree everytime when someone receives any award.
WIN 200 USDT!
Build a house out of cheese, so when it‘s getting moldy, the price of the property increases.
Pens with white out on the other end like a pencil
How to Make New Humanity without Toxic Masculinity and Racism
State Machine Government
Since the NBA season is suspended, let’s just replace it with 2K esports
In the past,presidential candidates would send out Representatives to educate colleges and the public about the candidate and their platform. Now,comedians would be better simply by repeating Trump's texts and words.
How about an App that lets you respond to a social media post but doesnt actually allow you to post the reply until you confirm it a day later.
Humans should domesticate bears in the same way they did dogs
Through selective breeding, make Giant Monarch Butterflies.
Zero Tax
A music-recognition software for which singing or even humming a song could be enough to identify it.
Someone should post all of tiktok (or at least all the popular videos) on reddit so people can watch the content without supporting tiktok.
If we changed the KFC famous bowls from chicken to turkey, we could have thanksgiving all year.
If we do a specific procedure on how we change a color of a pixel on a screen we can technically see all images that can be shown on a screen.
why is Mafia not banned in Europe ?
What if we use racism to destroy racism
If teachers give their students homework during the break, it should count as a school day
Train people like cats. Give everyone spray bottles and encourage people to squirt anyone not wearing a mask or wearing it incorrectly
Hire 2 Private Investigators to follow each other
A two-meter-tall sponge that you can attach to your showerhead
Berries long ago made a covenant with animals. They provide us with nutrition, and we provide their seeds with fertilizer. If you eat a berry with a tiny, edible seed, it is your duty to poop outside where it can grow, to uphold your end of the covenant.
REDDIT INVESTORS Buy/invest in/upgrade this rural CA property/houses/pond NOW so I can keep renting 1 BR of it &amp; die here in 40 yrs (I'm mentally/physically disabled, 66). The FIRST REDDIT PROPERTY
Everyone convicted of a sexual assault crime is marked by a tattoo of Pepe le Pew.
Being able to fine or shutdown any media company that publish the name or the picture of any arrested man that hasnt been charged yet
Join my disco for a mass extermination
A face mask that's also a facial mask
Vinegar in a spray bottle.
A social media platform where every other person is actually AI tailored to your beliefs to make you an echo chamber and feel better about your beliefs
A platform like Duolingo, but for programming languages
Can I dissolve a whole cadaver in a solution of lye? Is it possible?
Build a very large, very ugly office building and charge your tenants exorbitant rental rates for the privelige to not be able to see it
A story about a boy and girl trying to get their parents to break up so they can not be step siblings... ;)
Instead of putting people in prison, sentence to having to put up with someone following them around playing a trombone for the rest of their life.
Kick everyone off this overcrowded website and restart it from scratch
A social media platform that can be accessed offline because it downloads posts and “saves” them on your account to look at when offline
Ban Trump from Twitter
Anti-vaxxers should be forced to get the eventual vaccine for the Coronavirus by law.
Criminalize political party affiliation and private endorsement. Everyone runs as an independent using only public grant money and volunteer support.
Move UN headquarters to the North Pole so that world leaders are forced to see the melting ice caps whenever they fly there
What if instead of only teaching kids art on paper, they would be tought art in the digital media like illustrotor, where they can work with shapes and any color they want. Just imagine the creativity they woyld be masters of it eventually.
We should solve global warming by having everyone leave their refrigerator door open.
A site or platform where people post their ideas for inventions and if it's original it becomes copy written and companies could have members on the site that search for good ideas to invest in and get going and the original creator can get a percentage of profit.
An art exposition with the paintings on the floor and statues on the walls
Create an independent, decentralized, global government / community.
Put a severed head on a pitchfork in the White House front lawn, give no context and watch the media coverage run rampant.
Replace the torn down Confederate statues with Iroh from Avatar the Last Airbender
A betting app where you could bet on future world events like joe biden will die in 2022 or china will invade Taiwan in 2024
Let's all pick one small city, move there, create tech jobs, and make it succeed economically.
Include ROFL (Roll over laughing) as a sport in the next Summer Olympic games.
A restaurant that serves food that looks like household items, eaten with utensils that look like actual food
I'm not high or anything but... I feel like Latvia is hiding something. Yes, the country.
Everyone requires a licence to own a child
What if someone made a business where they make homemade candy and sell it out of a food truck which looks like a white van
A battle Royale but for videos
Start selling wallets with various gift-cards or credit cards already in them, as a package-deal.
People always start a NIMBY fit when anyone tries to open a homeless shelter in their neighborhood. Do you know what people don't mind living by? Puppy shelters. Thus, build a homeless shelter but overcome NIMBY resistance by having everyone living there wear dog costumes.
Country Mine Dancing
If tik tok and pornhub go together 😳
Heath warning stickers written in Chinese and stuck on the back of bats.
Marvel websites should have captchas that make you identify pictures of Spiderman.
A stock market, but for YouTubers and Twitch Streamers
Movies should create alternate endings and stream it in Netflix on April Fools day.
Ok what about a subreddit with, get this, NO MODS !
An electoral college but for people from different races or classes
A hospital specifically for coma patients staffed entirely by bearded women so if anyone wakes up they will be really fucking confused.
A restaurant you can take someone to the next time they ask you to "Do Lunch"
Powder/cream you can put on your scrotum/thighs to keep them from suctioning together in heat.
Midget dog racing
With the next flight to Mars take as much micro organisms as the ship can carry, dump them in Mars let's see what they can achieve.
When they break up Facebook, Facetime should become 911
Convince people North Dakota doesn't exist
A 99p coin should be created.
Lollipops in the shape of penises - Lollicocks
If dating apps had a rating system to review their users. Think about how easier it would be if you could rate your interactions with fellow members. Somebody sending you unwanted dick-pics? One star rating, with review.
Keep 'Sort by controversial comments' as a default sorting in r/unpopularopinion because they're the real unpopular opinions &amp; remove top posts because they're too popular.
Vice Principals TV-show but its actually Star Wars Jedi Knights competing to become a head of the Jedi Order.
Create an island where people can be as silly as possible without consequences.
Pin the value of $1 to 1 bitcoin
Rename crude oil to Dino-sauce
Have y’all ever thought about replying to comments using a voice note feature?
Create systems where couples who don’t live together can constantly see eachother in the other person’s home, even in the restroom.
Scientists tell us that the only creatures to survive a nuclear holocaust will be cockroaches. Keep a pet cockroach. When the ‘Big One’ is dropped, release it. Follow your cockroach everywhere. Imitate its every move. The clever little buggers must know something we don’t.
In 2021, New York City should clean the patina off the Statue of Liberty
A text-based chat roulette that all passengers on a flight can access.
Abolish all debt - a one time reset of all currently debt.
Conduct a job interview asking only random questions from r/AskReddit.
There really ought to be a 911 text option in case you need to be quiet if there's a burglar in your home.
A toilet that creates a vacuum when you sit on it that literally sucks the poo from your body. Quicker poo’s means more productivity in the workplace and more time to spend with our loved ones in our homes. Shares in my company begin at $3.20.
A fund to sue all those crazy people in viral videos
If you win the lottery, use all of your money to buy every single lottery ticket on Earth next time. Now you have at least twice the money!
Mental breakdown or real realisation? No reason it can't be both. Go through all of it if confused
When you post a meme it would always go through a system similar to what repostsleuthbot uses, and in the comments it would automatically say how many times it has been posted
Lego should melt down plastic bottles collected from the ocean and create 1:1 models of all the man made wonders of the world. They could base the theme park in the middle of Russia, or somewhere that needs tourism.
Make all cigarette in a pink/embarrassing colour
Married couples should have their own separate bedrooms if affordable
A can is a bacteria fence. Upgrade the fence around your house to also block some of bacteria from trespassing, except the bacteria that can fly.
The Queen and Pope Francis look so similar. They should do a sibling photoshoot.
100 Million Rich people randomly wire $20 to random poor people around the world
Clocks made out of the same material as Crocs. Call them Clocs.
A VR game/experience where you are an astronaut with a broken tether, careening out into space in a random direction
Cheetah racing!
Start calling Donald Trump "Grand Nagus" instead of "President"
Listen to slowed down remixes of songs on YouTube at 1.25x or 1.5x speeds
Blue needs green
You have 24 hours and you can teleport endlessly in time. Your actions?
Every pitcher who faces the Houston A**tros should hit every A**tros player who steps into the batter’s box. When each pitcher gets thrown out of the game, the next pitcher should come in and ... immediately hit the next batter.
An app for single leg amputees where they can trade the shoe they can't wear with others who have lost the opposite leg.
John Cena would make a great Ernest if they did a remake
ioj
What do you think about these 10 profitable side hustles you can start to make money online?
A Disney themed bar that plays Disney music all the time
Make a reaction video of watching videos that disabled their commments so that people can say stuff about the comment-disabled video
Have 1 state just life as normal right now.
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Call all babies "amateur humans".
Upvote yes, downvote no. A subreddit where a question is asked (comments are disabled) and you can only respond with an upvote for yes or downvote for no.
Use mouth coverings to conceal your mouth and project words into other people’s mouths when they walk into building/bus.
Everyone should start carrying water bottles that look like beer cans so that cops can’t know who’s really drinking beer in public or not.
The Devil went Down to Georgia anime adaptation
Could it Work?
A separate internet, with no upvotes, no downvotes, no favoured visibility for content - what you find is what you get
Edible Food products that whiten your teeth overtime instead of staining it.
microdose asparagus so your pee always smells weird.
A Grudge Tracking AppInstead of homeless people living on the street, they get sent to a wild and remote part of the country, where they are free to survive in the wild
News should be allowed to be biased but...
Create a mouse trap that with the snap part comes a small folding chair instead of just a bar
A show that invites an anti-vaxer and an immunologist to debate to a live audience.
All male urinals direct pee to lemon tree farms.
DO YOU HAVE A INVENTION SO STRANGE/ WEIRD YOU THINK IT MAY NEVER WORK? WE WANT TO HEAR FROM YOU!!!
How to reduce the impact of wildfires
Restaurants having a section on the menu for people on a diet.
High school students should be able to transfer schools If their current school is named after a racist.
A face-mask that can be applied involuntarily. It looks like a bag on a pole, the bag goes over the head, detaches from the pole and cinches &amp; locks around the neck. The top-half is see-through and the bottom half let's the wearer breathe. They can take it off with scissors when they get home.
When I was little and got caught doing something bad, I pretended to have voices inside of my head so that I would get in less trouble
I wish someone can invent a machine that can make people experience death so we can cherish our life more.
Deviant Milf Detector
Coed Covid-19 dating show. A slew of possibly attractive singles have awkward, masked dates. Throw some lame challenges in there. As the connections are made the masks come off. Test negative for Covid-19, test positive for love
Make webcam covers for all electronic devices inbuilt.
Everyone should only respond to text messages in rhymes tomorrow
(US) Trade Columbus day as a federal holiday for Halloween.
You can go trick or treating multiple times if you change costumes
Supermarkets should have a tag on each product on their site which tells you where to find that product in store
Autotune brutal anal videos we steal from pornhub and release them under the title of "T-painal", then, brace for tsunami of fiscal/spiritual profit.
Snap back hats for your penis
A twister game where the colors move
Start making it public that wearing your mask under your nose is a nonverbal cue for being gay. Start flirting with people who wear their mask under their nose.
A "smart" toilet/bidet that also analyzes your stool
Become a collector of all 16 personalities
Wikipedia with videos
Parmesan cheese labeled "a little more please.." or "when".
How you can profit from activist hedge funds on the stock market
Cut to size discreet Iron on Velcro so u can temporarily tailor your own clothes
A new 22-Multiplayer version of FIFA where you control 1 player, and play the game from their POV (rather than an aerial view), control every attribute from off the ball movement to manual marking, tackling intensity, etc. Giving you a much closer feel
Israel and Palestine should strip settlers of Israeli citizenship and give them Palestinian citizenship instead
A videochat service that connects people to medical professionals during emergencies so they can show the situation and get told how to help best.
Pills that make your pee glow in the dark so you can pee at night time without turning on the light.
For jobs that are manual and follow a certain process they could have holograms carrying out the work with you and showing how quick you need to be and giving feedback on what you need to speed up on. So basically like a “ghost” you get in those time trial racing games.
Staple dick to tree to save environment
Certificates for porn so that underaged people can also watch it
Start a fake GoFundMe for some poor kid with cancer. Then start controversy around it to make it go viral. Announce the kid never existed and donate the money to Bernies campaign explaining that we wouldn’t need fake GoFundMe under Heathcare for all. Go to prison for fraud. Pardon by Bernie. Profit.
Make it illegal to have ads (at least with heightended volume) in music apps since it is oppressive to many with autism and even just those that care about their hearing.
Every singer starts singing "Jason Derulo" at the start of their songs.
Underpants or plug that turns farts into a whistle or quacking noise.
Someone should invent a drink that tastes horrible by itself but tastes really good after you've brushed your teeth. That way you can drink that while eating breakfast instead of drinking terrible orange juice.
Alternate stimulus idea
U should be able to see a few other Reddit users who follow all or most of the Subreddits you follow, This feature could be called Reddit Best Friend, and that person would probably have similar interests, likes, and dislikes you have...
Go to an Actual Circus. While watching Said Circus, Repeatedly and Loudly Complain That, "It's a Goddamn Circus in Here!"
I have all the power
Have people fill out applications to mod larger subreddits. Completely wipe a large subreddit (no history, no mods, no members). Pick one applicant at random, and they have to try to grow the subreddit again.
Canada is secretly still a British Colony. They use it as a way to quickly invade USA and retake the colonies and Oregon once we fall into civil strife.
An escape room, but you wear a VR headset so you can only see through cameras placed in the escape room.
Gas-powered two-stroke vacuum cleaner
Mix a game of NRL and soccer to make a game of contact soccer
There should be a licence needed for having a dog.
Have an NSFW mode for Reddit, Wanna look at porn but your feed is clogged up by today's drama? NSFW Mode!
Everyone replaces one of their eyes with a camera from birth and it will constantly be taking a video of your life. It backs up onto your computer or a server.
Can you drink your own stomach acid?
Get a bunch of psychics to go on the Price is Right.
Streaming services like Netflix should have a few 24/7 streaming channels on the app.
Instead of boring flat pita bread at church, wby don’t we just use garlic bread
Reddit should replace awards with real money
An app like tinder except women do all the swiping and men just get a notification to show who likes them.
I replaced hired mercenaries with goats that headbutt people who don't smoke weed to protect my gold mine. It worked.
Instead of Dual Carriageways, Duel Carriage ways.
Release a handheld only miniature version of the Nintendo Switch and a home console only version with beefed up power, called the Nintendo Top and Bottom
CPR should be a mandatory class everyone takes in middle and highschool.
There should be services to hire someone to commit bad deeds to other people for you
Since Tinder is offering swiping around the world right now, they should also hide the distance that people are away to promote making connections with people you wouldn't usually connect with
In the next Covid stimulus bill, give each American a $100 gift card to Panera Bread and a set of tickets to a Cirque du Soleil performance.
If you despise an actor, they're very bad at their job. Or very good.
To prevent a Covid spike, we should defer Christmas 2020 to Jun 25 2021 and call it vaccine Christmas
Viral: Trivial Pursuit for the Modern World
Plant-fleshlight that gets additional nutrioution from sperm of animals and humans
Have a separate subreddit for ideas that are needlessly complex or silly just for “lol so random” points
Brainstorming about products made by recycled concrete
Flocks of solar powered migrating drones
I am proposing that we make Wednesday, March 25th “Global Takeout &amp; Delivery Day” to support our local restaurants. All those in favor of my proposal say “aye” and comment what restaurant you’re going to support.
Instead of testing dangerous products on animals, and to avoid situations where the poor are being exploited for research, we should allow for testing on people who don't want to live, since there's less of a negative utilitarian hit if something goes wrong
A Hell’s Kitchen target that makes a mess in the kitchen, feeds Gordon literal trash and roasts Gordon back just to piss him off.
A New Club Penguin.
What if we start a second great party switch, convincing everyone the neo liberals are republican, so that way the democrat party gets the actual left wingers, fixing the American 2 party system.... Kindof.
Plastic free skincare
New Conspiracy Theory: All the sunken ship museums around the world are colluding to fix the price of admission. Don't fall for the cons of Big Shipwreck!
A law requiring businesses that make employees work from home compensate them for 8 hours of internet a day.
Technology that scans brain waves to tell how confident you are that you know the next words of a song or passage, and only show lyrics if you're accessing your memory with enough effort.
We should release ‘fake’ leaks of confidential files to the public and see how they react. Specifically to manipulate the conspiracy-nuts portion of the USA.
Make all politicians wear purple ties so they always have a physical and visual reminder that compromise and success and the very point of what they stand for is bigger than their half to the entire whole
An app that uses the camera on the phone to scan available puzzle pieces and picks the right one based on shape or design when you're stumped.
Basketball shoes that give you actual bounce.
Things that work synergistically w. Vitamin E likely can work with K2 MK7 synergistically insteaad..
Country Election with Social Media
U.S., China, and Russia agree to "Drone War Weapons Free" zone over the Atlantic. International ban on human travel within area, which is basically a giant Air/Sea drone war battle-zone to hard test new hardware against the competition. Also stream-it online for $7.99/month.
Front doors of houses that roll upwards, and garage doors that swing from hinges
ban all politics on facebook, replace any posts or comments with dickpics, farts and other gross non sequitur until everyone can get along again
What if we threatened to kill all drug addicts in prison?
Only allow people with jobs to vote
A game show where the contestants are given topics, and they have to come up with hot takes about each of them. The amount of money they win is based on how unpopular their opinions are. (The more unpopular a hot take is, the more cash the contestant wins.)
Replace Reddit gold with Reddit toilet paper for the duration of the pandemic
The Producers, except it's about a presidential candidate who promises everyone the job of vice president in exchange for political favors, only to accidentally win.
An adult day care facility. Not necessarily a bar, but a place where you can just sort of slump in and be taken care of.
Yu-Gi-Oh! tournaments should allow the use of The Seal of Orichalcos. When used, the loser of the duel is banned from all future events
Whatever team wins the college football finale should get to face the worst ranked team in the NFL.
Quarantine Reddit so that no one can use it until all other restrictions have been lifted
Never work again.
We should show our gratitude by saying, "You deserve many blow Jobs." What other phrases can we use to say thanks?
New Car Scents: Open To Additions!
Paying off the debt that people have for various reasons trough national donation system.
I literally thought Reddit Premium is a crazy idea!
If you can’t afford an award you could go to the comments and say “this deserves an award” and it’s kind of the same
An app that lets us let out our road rage each morning on each other in a simulation rotary to fill the void of not being able to do that right now
Write random notes with money cut from only legal currency.
Every cell phone that gets within 6'/2m of another phone beeps like crazy to enforce social distancing.
TaxiHoes: Taxi with a prostitute you can bang in the back seat.
Support every social movement whose slogan you agree with in principle when taking it literally.
Instead of using a conveyor belt to move luggage at a baggage claim, they should be put in a big machine like a vending machine where multiple people can take their bags from at once.
A social media app based on “The One,” where you kill other users and gain all of their followers.
Create deep fake videos of Trump making statements like “I believe Black people are just as intelligent and competent as white people” or “Raping women is wrong” and see if he denies saying the comments.
Earning robux in game. Players should be able to earn real robux for free in game on roblox, like, say earning 5 robux for completing an entire tycoon, or 1 robux for 15 minutes of working at a pizza place.
A subreddit about people giving bad and weird explaination about everything which would make sense.
A massage service where the masseur/masseuse turns up in a hazmat suit.
Instead of waiting for test kits to be made, train dogs to detect the coronavirus by smell
A machine singularity that can come up with new ideas entirely on it's own, but all the ideas are about toast.
A tragic WALL-E prequel with photorealistic animation?
the right to have as much sex as you want whenever you want without social attachment or high risk of disease. End anti-whoring laws.
Human dog treats that taste good while cleaning your teeth and giving you fresh breath.
Sanitizers should be placed in elevators so that people use them, as they have nothing else to do there.
1000 Humans
Using USPS to send some 'Boomer Nudes.'
Now is the time to convince the DSM-IV people to classify racism as a mental health disorder.
All massive store corporations go fully online, leave physical shops open for small private businesses for the people who prefer the personal interaction.
Make a newspaper that puts the most important events in the back.
upvoted posts in r/unpopularopinion should result in negative karma.
A camera app that shows you real time what your friend sees when he's taking you a photo of you, so you don't have to look at the picture to adjust.
Have presidential candidates be anonymous as possible
Amend the Constitution to say that Purple and Orange officially rhyme even though they sound nothing alike.
A zombie movie where the illness is propagated through farts
Downvotes are just as valuable data as upvotes, someone should make an account to get max downvotes and analyze the results
Youtube adds a meh button
What if all porn in the world was suddenly gone?
Now that everyone is inside, it is a perfect time to update google maps.
GTA IV Her Majesty. Queen Elizabeth drives all around London. Since she's the queen she doesn't need a license, she has Prince Phillip in the car with her while she tears ass across London.
An online video game with one controllable character who is linked to the controllers of everyone in the game, all on one server.
eSports steakhouse
No ads for things you have purchased
A bowling alley that tracks every play, and tells you what percentage of other players hit the same set of pins you did.
Required all federal leaders that are demanding backdoors into our mobile phone security to be beta testers for 1 year with their personal phones
This year we depict santa clause with a surgical mask
A bathroom fan that activates when it'smells poop.
Once the skip ad timer is up,we should be able to pause, rewind, fast forward, etc the ad.
Plant4FreshAir
People post size comparison photos without the use of perspective
Have all antivaxxers form and live in their own city, it separates them from the main populace, and they can also do whatever other crazy thing and not have us be involved.
What If we didnt have to wait 15 minutes before posting again!
Rename the Andromeda galaxy to Snickers.
Captcha Royale: 99 players compete to solve captchas as fast as possible while sending harder captchas to sabotage opponents. The best part? You know you’re not playing against bots.
Invent a sort of porn for people that like to hug.
Let’s rename Double-Stuffed Oreos to just “Oreos” and make quadruple-stuffed Oreos the new double-stuffed Oreos.
We should start a go fund me for usps.
Mustache reveal parties for all the guys who grew mustaches under their masks.
Get a cropduster and fill it with powdered peanuts and spray it over NYC.
A website similar to rate my teacher but for rating your landlord
People who recieve awards on reddit can redeem cash equivalent to 50% the original price of the award.
Make wetting yourself socially acceptable again. If you feel like poo pissing your pants, piss your pants Who cares? On the bus, at your desk...Freedom!
Labels in clothes should be easy to remove.
Motor-unicycles
If you post a crazy idea that's already a thing, you get 1 week of bad luck.
Web browsers which allow you to hide specific web addresses
Lets get some construction people to restore the coliseum and then hold gladiator battles!
Let's spam the people who support the confederate flag with their enemy
Black market Covid Vaccines , be the first on your block
A civilian operated task force whose purpose is to protect and serve the community.
A phone with a built in solar panel for those mega emergency calls.
Feel like shopping right now? Open your cupboard and go through all your clothes as if you are going to buy them and just like shopping, select the good ones! You'll see that there are a lot of clothes which can be discarded/ given away making space for new clothing once the lockdown is over!
A news site where the auto playing video is about to the thing mentioned in the headline.
Get Papa John and Kevin Spacey together on YouTube to set the record straight.
A New Reddit Economy (not Karma) The Brownie Point Bank™ Ltd.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
Whenever people post pictures with their SO, I recreate them with my dog
VR app where you use paper and media to draw markers and project an image over any surface to be a base for the artist to paint on. The painting thus can be 3 dimensional.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger, every leader should try at least once anything that they wish to outlaw. No exceptions!
Why not show women on pregnancy test commercials as happy/relieved when they get a a negative result rather than only show them happy with a positive?
Trump should put the White House on Airbnb
birthday resolutions instead of new years resolutions, cuz nobody else is resolving anything and all eyes are on you
During presidential debates have only one microphone and take 2 minute turns.
A pair of headphones which works by firing the neurons directly in your brain, so you can hear while other people hear silence.
Here's a crazy idea, let's just accept every human being the way they are, despite their own beliefs/morals/looks/sexuality/political stance/race/wealth etc. etc. etc...i know... Crazy right!?
Automatic rug. Heats your feet, goes to take a sunbath, takes you to places in the house
Someone should make a Biopic of Elon Musk , with Keanu Reeves playing Elon.
Genetically testing litter and tracking down the people who do it
The US should, for no particular reason, adopt Vedic Sanskrit as its official language.
Thought this was a good share, very crazy
When you turn 40 years old you have to move in with a person who was registered the opposite political party as you.
Social Media Suicide
America has a long history of white supremacists nearly always electing white men. Instead of picking a skapegoat white supremacist, blame the majority of voters or the voting system.
Make a vertical golf course with 18 floors. Start at the top of the building and as each hole drops the ball on the start of the next segment you never have to touch the ball
A big mouse trap for humans with human cheese in it
Moving video options on pornhub mobile so your left thumb won't accidentally send you to another page when you fast forward to the good part. That way your right hand can stay right where it is.
Legalize guns, ban ammunition
There should be a birthday feature included when you're adding a contact.
AMC and/or Regal should start a super expensive streaming service that is literally just someone live streaming from their actual theaters.
A symbol to indicate that whatever you are writing, is to be taken as acting, for the purpose of humor.
A subreddit that’s filled with videos of cosplayers interacting in funny/wholesome ways.
A 100% 'completable' badge for games that indicates that all achievements, skins, maps,trophies, bonuses, etc can be acquired without time-dependent aspects like shops.
Emoji tax. Every time you use the following emojis: 😂😍😭🙈 you donate $1 to cancer reasarch
Our primitive biological instincts keeps us going. Maybe we haven't been contacted by an alien civilization because every lifeform that's advanced far enough finds everything meaningless and just lets itself perish.
A required high school class for everything people say should be required in school.
A real life rocket league but in wheelchairs
A new cop show: Each episode revolves around a once-glorified "rogue" cop from another cop show or movie facing professional and legal consequences for their behavior.
It’s time to make public restrooms social spaces!
A gay porn series called super smash Bros
In addition to sorting by new, top, etc. there should also be a random option.
A subreddit where you post pictures of your food and people critique it like they're Gordon Ramsay
An online infographic similar to ‘Scale of the Universe’ which shows supply chains and troop movements of WW1 and 2 in a real time strategy game style. Zoom out to see the big picture; in to see individual units, vehicles, soldiers
Kodak starts making cameras with phones built into them to get back in the game.
A subreddit for things that almost happened but didn’t, such as when an asteroid almost hit the Earth
Humanoid Robots will have lab grown flesh and organs in the future in order to be more realistic.
A subreddit that allows you to truly yell things into the void. At a minimum the posts would be deleted after 60 minutes (to allow upvotes).
Museums should have a gallery where one day a week the paintings are turned around so the backs, which are often interesting in their own way, may be viewed.
Rockstar games and google team up to make gta 6 in google maps so that you can play gta and have it feel in the real world
A tree planted for every human life lost.
A maps app which distorts the map based on travel time
A horror movie where the monsters can only kill people that laugh, so it desperately tries to crack jokes at the protagonists.
It's time for live ammo. The US military and police should clear the streets of rioters with .50 caliber machine guns mounted on armored vehicles. It is now time to authorize LAWFUL lethal force to stop the killing and arson.
During the social distancing to control virus spread. Ban people from going to grocery stores. Instead have grocery stores be delivery only. Hiring anyone recently unemployed to make the deliveries. Yes I know people can live far from one. The gov can assist or fully cover pay for drivers.
A deep fake of Trump drinking his own piss and saying it cures COVID in an attempt to troll his supporters into drinking their own urine.
mashed potatoes that can float
Netflix should sell couches
Hire a dwarf butler and call it "Alf"
Bang glitches into the matrix by using a quantum computer to generate hyper-randomness
Allow users to blacklist names on dating apps.
Creating a compound of the unwanted people In life
A pro soccer match played with a basket(ball) and a pro basketball game played with a soccer(ball), just to piss everyone off...
A bed that wakes you up by gradually becoming cooler.
A rollercoaster that actually takes you someplace you want to go
A late night talk show catered for the general public where the guests are scientists, doctors, philosophers instead of celebrities. And they talk about interesting concepts and discoveries rather than movies.
Smuggle dirty money in monopoly games
r/nostalgia but for fictional futures
A movie about hopeless romantic sidekicks who are always the wingman/woman and end up winging each other and falling for each other.
Convince Trump that the best way to retaliate against Biden is to cancel student loans.
sookatoone
What if our wrists were on full 360 degree swivels
What we are living through with Covid-19 is Pacific Rim with massive budget cut.
How to become rich off child labor in middle school and maybe even become a sort of school mafia boss
Buskers, take your guitar and amp near a church. When the bells ring on the hour start riffing AC/DC's Hell's Bells intro.
Get this dude from bachelor to single
How Can Strippers Cope with COVID-19? Enter "Boober Eats", Food Delivered By Strippers
Big Chungus has a brother who never showers called Big Fungus
Netflix show idea of new superhero who goes around killing all of the anti mask Karens.
Netflix should have a leaderboard
Netflix series comparing 50+ year old U.S. presidential debates to today's.
Reddit to allow you to change your account’s username after it’s been created.
Pinto Bean Coffee.
Disposable Bottles, Cans and Packaging Wrappers embedded with a few grams of plant seeds of variety
The first company to commercialize space travel should save an extra seat for the leader of the flat earth community.
New PC computer idea?
Business Idea: Ball Pods
A youtube channel focused on lore
Let the anti-maskers and anti-vaxxers do as they please
How to make an Origami FROG | Paper Frog New version | High jumping Frog | Easy Origami
A show where a chef has to make a delicious meal for someone out of all the things they hate with goal that the person finishes its plate.
Home Alone but instead of being set at Christmas it's set at Halloween
Reddit should swap the colour of the upvote and downvote buttons on April fools.
An artificial intelligence that scours the internet for child porn or sexually explicit child photos and instantly scans the file to match faces, then logs the faces on a task force server, and corrupts the files rendering them useless.
Mandatory Xanax
Replace youtube comment section with review section where people can leave reviews like on Amazon or Yelp and rate the videos in stars
A pokemon that gets cuter and smaller when it evolves
Netflix should make season 1 of some shows free to watch so that people who wanna know what happens next have no choice but to buy a membership.
New rules for basketball, Grappling in the paint.
Trump and Biden should actually physically fight for the presidency.
Invent a device that can record all of your dreams so you can post them on YouTube.
This is America
My new pillow that let's you lie face down, comfortably. Beebu!
a gun that erases its target from history. You shoot someone and they disappear. Nobody remembers them. You dont go to jail. For what? Killing a guy you imagined?
In order to properly gauge dedicated support for a movement, host an event in the polar disks and see how many people show up. Since very few people live there and the distribution of distances to an appropriately chosen fixed spot has low variance, most proximity bias is eliminated.
A section in libraries that arrange books by how many book challenges they receive
Have a poll and everyone who wants to just get on with life and be successful get to live on one side of the earth. Everyone who feels the need to be hateful and violent can have the other half.
Beers infused with cum
Retractable biodome for Louisiana for hurricane season
A city builder game set during the industrial revolution, and a program that lets you convert your Banished save to this game, and your save from this game to Cities: Skylines, for the ultimate city builder experience.
A dating website or phone app that includes "validation" as one of the options for "what are you looking for?" Would help show the true colors of some of the people using it.
dont buy reddit gold, give people money
Joe Biden should run with the slogan, "Make America Great Again"
A subreddit where you write a short messege to your Ex.
Allow comments on Reddit ads!
Rename the Arctic Dectarctitca so that the polar caps can forever commemorate the legend of ant &amp; Dec.
Microsoft should release a diskless Xbox Series X and call it an Xbox Series E, so the entire lineup would be Xbox Series SEX
Toilet paper companies should donate a portion of their profits to help small businesses get through this pandemic.
When men see another man catcall a woman, they should then catcall him
Create an app like tinder, where you can match up with people that can talk with you
Cops should wear light up red and blue sketchers
Big Brother - Covid-19 Edition
Netflix should allow streaming of all currently released movies a la their old disc rental service - but allot monthly streaming credits based on your plan.
Need a date? Offer girls Taco Bell
Someone needs to stop this Corona-19 virus.
A card company called Straight Up Cards
Make plastic ware sets with higher distribution of forks, less spoons and even less knives.
Hi
Wear socks at night so that the foot goblin doesn’t suck your toes from the end of the bed at midnight anymore
Write a story from what seems like a human from Earth’s perspective, as a space traveller, who comes across a planet which is dealing with a big issue with racism, but instead it’s written from an alien perspective and the planet they visit is Earth.
Bring a group of friends to a Kidz Bop concert and start a mosh pit
Designated hide and seek arenas
A van company called ‘Shoes’.
For the NCAA they should fill the stadium with bluetooth speakers and have fans from home use linked microphones to add a level of connection with the fans that cant go
Moon volleyball in a solar system that has two inhabited planets.
We should go back to only using the word “literally” when we don’t want someone to mistake what we are saying as figuratively.
You share your birthday with 20 million other people.
Solved the world’s energy crisis
We officially change Iron-Man’s name to Fe-Male
A Chicken Simulator game
Maybe Mother Shipton's prophecies were all correct...
Imagine if you could hear the voices of all comments, posts etc
When disciplining your children, give them the option to choose between physical abuse or psychological torture. For example, when I was a kid if I had to choose between a belting or 2 weeks no video games, after given a few hours of consideration I would most certainly have chosen the belting.
I hate this is a crazy idea but... Investigate Jeffrey Epstein’s possible (very absolutely likely) murder.
KFC should sell fried beef on April Fool's Day
The BDSM community should get in on the protests. Hordes of leather clad people running towards police getting shot with rubber bullets screaming HARDER should freak out the cops quite nicely.
if everybody just fought any mugger they saw at the same time like just everybody fearlessly fighting to the death at sight of crime, crime would be ever so slightly less common
A Twitch streamer takes some laxatives and plays a horror game with no bathroom breaks.. The goal is to reach a certain point without shiting your pants.
Into the Spiderverse should have an installment where they pull a "Who Framed Roger Rabbit?" and have the animated Spidermen interact with the live action Spidermen.
Is It Possible To Re-Create Some Elemental Powers With Technology?
A protest about protester lives matter and nothing else
Pac-Man sounds from your shopping cart when you move around in store and pick up stuff. Death by ghost sound if you settle for a comparatively higher priced item.
When voting in an election, the “size” of your vote should be in proportion to how much longer you’re expected to be alive
Center Twix
A t-shirt designed for sleep
We create a think-tank to investigate Epstein; to find who assassinates those that get too close.
YouTube channel members should be able to post pictures in the comment section
Have Nathan Fielder moderate this sub
Put the voting booth behind a minor problem that requires critical thinking and problem solving ability to open.
When you go to a subreddit, you can also sort by "saved".
A poop version of Airbnb. People charged others to allow them to take a dump, then receive payments and ratings after the guy finished dumping.
Have 12 men lineup and take turns having sex with a woman. The guy that's the father of the baby gets to live and the rest are executed.
Create a feature in Reddit to show the progression of the most popular posts and comments from the northern hemisphere so us in the southern hemisphere can experience what it looks like as the posts are actually active
Website with proverbs submitted by its users, proverbs can be voted by registred users. But in reality users can NOT add proverbs, all proverbs are generated by GPT2. Each user thinks that proverbs were created by human beings.
Download/purchase every app/item they shows in YouTube ads so you won't have to see another ad.
Each object in a store is a corporate person even after you buy it. Buy a dummy for target practice and shoot a corporation to death.
Software that automatically moves your computer mouse around and scrolls when you go idle (maybe clicks some stuff too or moves back and forth between tabs). This way, you can sleep during work/school and it still looks like you are working.
Apple using FaceID data to show my weight gain evident from the facial scans, and using it to track my weight loss progress
Instead of showing up with weapons, police should show up to the protests with empty notebooks for protestors to fill out with their ideas for police reform.
Baseball would be a lot more entertaining if the ball had a squeaker in it.
We should make some universal cringe meme
Let's stop using the term 'sun burn' and call it what it is: a radiation burn.
Sell shoes with appropriate length laces.
An Action Movie about two guys who fight bad guys but ONLY use WWE moves in their fights. Nobody mentions it and the rest of the movie is dead serious.
Carry around a big stack of prop money. Whenever someone says "I bet that.. " interrupt them by slamming it on the tavle and saying "I'll take that bet!"
When we die, the energy released from our bodies gets added to the world and adds a positive charge
A service or company that will provide you with a rotation of cute and adorable puppies or other pets for for a fee($$$$). That way you could take pictures with the cute pets and put the pictures online to get lots of likes and attention.
When trump claims to be an expert, reporters should ask him basic questions pertaining to that field.
Build a Unicorn Statue in Silicon Valley
Everyone who see this post should blink their home lights at 9:00pm on august 12 just for fun. Upvote as a way to signup.
It’s a whistle when you blow, but a pipe when you suck in
Using sound to shape what videos see, making 3D videos of recorded events.
Black Panthers meets Jake Gylenhalls Nightcrawler activist.
The Janro Experiment Idea
Send all flat earthers to space.
all the straight men on earth marry eachother so if one of them marries a woman we can all get that pussy
An iPhone, but the camera is where the Apple is, and the Apple is where the camera is
Turn unused prison blocks/cells into something productive?
Buy a 4 foot by 8 foot piece of land, just big enough for a homeless man to sleep on, and rent it to him very very cheap, so that when the cops come to demand he get off of public property he can show them his rental contract
Mouthpiece you breathe through as you play games; the air passage contracts as your character gets tired, so you run out of breath in real life, too.
When a vaccine for COVID-19 is finally developed, anti-vaxxers must vaccinate themselves/ their kids with all other vaccines (recommended by their licensed doctor, and accounting for their unique medical situations), in order to receive the COVID-19 vaccine
To reveal how the karma system actually works, Reddit will choose one frequent user to tell it to. But, Reddit will offer them 100,000 coins (or a bunch of karma) if they tell no one.
Go back to so the candidate who gets the 2nd most # of votes is vice president
Bring back Legends of the Hidden Temple but use adults instead of kids and the contestants are drunk.
There should be a probationary period for US presidents, just like there is for any other job. If within 3 months it becomes clear that you were dishonest about your qualifications or intentions, you lose your job as president.
For April Fools 2021, YouTube and Reddit should switch formats for 24h.
Teach a grizzly bear to use a chainsaw and just see what happens.
I don't really know who XXXtension is, but... A cover band called XXXtension Extension
Congress drinks Ayahuasca. The nation watches live.
Coxa Cola needs to bring back the "I'd Like To Teach The World To Sing" campaign to help heal us from 2020.
do a gofundme for trumps childhood home &amp; make it a haunted house
Cars should have a “friendly horn” that sounds different so you can say hi to other cars without them thinking you’re rude.
A bot that shows links previews so we don't get rick rolled.
We should get "All Holidays Matter" trending on Twitter on the Fourth of July
If you get silver, gold or platinum you should be able to exchange it back into real money (but reddit takes a percentage obviously).
Buy overaized clothes that don't charge extra for larger sizes, hem them down and use the extra material to make fashion accessories.
There should be a preference box for blocking all porn subreddits that doesn't block all NSFW content.
Bring back To Catch a Predator but with Eric Andre as the host/interrogator.
the 'Near-Death Research Foundation' has over 4,000 near death experiences. Someone should analyze this data and see what the stories have in common. THEN do the same for the r/LSD, /shrooms, /salvia, &amp; /DMT subreddits.
A button on each Reddit post/comment that allows you to block everyone who downvoted your post/comment.
A bot that automatically slaps anyone making a bad pun.
Acer Swift 3 Laptop
Xaf qebard sevefed Egres (half keyboard simplified engilsh)
A movie about the 9/11
A subreddits which combines the no, yes, and maybe subreddits.
Listen to Happy Party Train - Aqours on loop, confuse Spotify trending.
Erect a hotel on dirt-cheap ocean front real estate projected to soon be underwater because of global warming. Build first floor with glass aquarium walls so it can withstand the water level rise and eventually be a beautiful island hotel
How I Use my Computer as a Pedalboard
Mandatory Law Enforcement Service by All Citizens
A transparent toaster to see how toasted your item is
Duel of the Fates but it's rock-paper-scissors
For Thanksgiving, add rice to every single dish you make, but make sure it's slightly undercooked.
All charged rioters should create a class-action defense of "I did what our leader, President Trump, told me to do". Because they were clearly, after all, just following the orders of the USA's commander and chief.
Political debates should have live fact-checkers validating each statement and statistic that the debaters throw out and display a live leaderboard of lies for everyone to see in real time.
One solution for space limitations at hospitals (short term) and the housing crisis (long term) - container-based structures
Kipper flavoured potato crisps / chips.
Pornhub Challenge: Jerk off to things that aren’t hot.
In the event of natural calamity the property of completely destroyed (dead) families should be used to compensate for the live ones.
A centaur, but the lower part is a squirrel.
Why don't we just wear hazmat suits and keep working?
Submit unsolicited dick pics to Google Reverse Image Search like some modern-day Nancy Drew!
Adjust the season schedule to take into account the trends of our current climate.
Are conspiracy theories that make sense allowed here? If not I'll delete. Anyway, this morning Trump almost definitely just secured 3 key states for the 2020 election with 3 tweets in 4 minutes
If Reddit had little trophy cases on people’s profiles showing all the awards obtained and showing the posts that obtained a specific award if you touch that award icon.
Chadblock Plus
Items in your house not used in 2 years despawn
Remake back to the future but with better graphics in 2012 so it is more realistic
Let's challenge a famous Youtuber to fill an indoor pool with coke and mentos. The reaction will fill the entire building with CO2 and we will accomplish the world's first crowd-sourced assassination.
Allow multiple but limited number of upvotes from same user on a reddit post (like medium claps).
A: "All men are kings!"; B: "If he breathes, he's a simp!"
Hooters Spinoff
A Hitman DLC featuring a new mission based on the mysterious death of Jeffrey Epstein
We could use something akin to r/place to have a collective conversation with, say, Joe Rogan.
Relaunch Geocities.com
Convince Middle America to secede from the USA to own the libs. See which “America” actually has better policy ideas.
We have Election Day as normal. Votes are carefully counted and locked down. The following Saturday is 'Results Day.' All 50 secretaries of state, one by one, reveal their preliminary results at noon EST.
Banana Seltzer
Create a virus that turns everyone's skin, say, purple. Confuse the crap out of racists.
Instead of tracking days since a work incident, track the days until
Mit Romney ran as independent
Prepared Vaccines
Remove the bear from the California state flag, given that Californians hunted the bear to extinction in California
"Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee" is really great. How about "Childhood friends in a pub" with Jimmy Page, Robert Plant, Rod Stewart, Keith Richards, and Jeff Beck! And playing a tune or two?
Retirement home that allows weed and has Halo 2 LANs
Finally put Smith in the game.
A “Don’t put baby in the corner” button on social media that reverses the algorithm so you discover more
Sell crack cocaine in schools for no aparent reason.
How about some Judge rips these fucking shit cops a new one because, you know, that's a judge's job!!!??!
If everyone who hates Tik Tok introduced it to their parents the app would quickly become overrun with older people and no longer be cool for young people to use, therefore quickly killing the app
An on call service to come and remove bugs/spiders from your house
Let's all team up and nickname everything in the world!
Artifically modify the human genome so everyones teeth fall out and regrow multiple times throughout their life instead of just once.
Strategy infection with Covid-19. Here me out.
We should create a word that means, “To the shut the door on the way out,” we could call it, Portor. The next time someone leaves your room, just say, “Please portor.”
Build a cage around the earth and put boosters on the back so the earth can be a space ship.
Build an observatory on Mars or the Moon that has perfect clarity at all times due to lack of atmosphere
Drama shows should have cry tracks, and horror movies should have scream tracks
A psychiatrist that offers free and premium services. Under the free service, you waive your right to doctor-patient confidentiality. Premium subscribers don't have their notes published online.
Enforce the responsibility of providing health insurance, social security, and other welfare benefits to businesses instead of government.
This sounds strange but allow it.
Vr headsets for airplane passengers with 360 degree cameras outside the plane and maybe even the cockpit.
The world is just a giant elevator
STD clinics should offer a "first date" package so it becomes a thing have your first date at an STD clinic.
People who already dead might be waking up from a random night-sleep, starting to realizes things and learning something new and eventually became a child of some random parents.
A great business idea is a do-it-yourself oreo bar where you choose different cookie colors, spread the different flavors of icing and fill it with toppings like sprinkles.
Now that people are working from home, reddit should change nsfw to nsfwfh
A bot collecting ratings of users to find "best" and "worst" users
Prevent Earth's magnetic reversal by installing massive electromagnets at either pole to tip the balance to status quo.
AI 3d printer that can make you any item for any purpose.
Elevators with a "turbo" button both outside (at the hall stations) and inside on the control panel, which triggers a pretend "speeding up motor" sound so that it sounds like it's going faster.
Background app that uses a eyetracker to scroll a ebook or article for you.
A Vigilante Group That Throws Beatdowns On People Not Wearing Masks
A Type of Fabric that instead if shrinking, gets looser when put in the dryer.
Turn car seats into toilets. Never worry about traffic ever again.
A printer that actually works.
A law that makes it illegal to scalp and sell scarce items, (a la ps5, xbox, tickle me Elmos, or rtx graphics cards)
A map that tells features all the people who hid jews during WWII to remind people that everyone can make a difference.
Make a movie about a Microscopic Godzilla.
Dating apps should display how frequent a person responds to messages to prevent profiles used solely as ego boosters
Public companies should distribute a % of their stock to ALL US citizens every year. This would solve issues with the fact that taxes only apply to transactions, which means solving wealth hoarding, inequality and distribution problems through tax code alone is difficult.
Create Don't Die December challenge in Minecraft
Idea for a movie
Dell Inspiron 13 7000 Series 2-in-1
A monopoly game, but instead of property it has bowls of soup. “ Ah, you’ve landed on scotch broth with four croutons in it. You owe me 28 cubes of Parmesan “.
Just go around knuckle punching random people in the jaw while exclaiming "I'm the fucking protagonist of this story! You can't touch this, I'm the protagonist! Plot armor bitches!"
What if we had an ACTUAL age rating system for YouTube videos?
Get a bunch of people to search “what is the most googled question?” On google so the most googled question is “what is the most googled question?”
Reddit should devote a week per year to have people read their saved article list and try to get old articles to trend
A massage rug. We already have massages chairs, so why not have a massage rug? You can lie down on it for a full body experience, just stand on it for a nice foot rub, or even hand stand on it for that juicy hand massage! It’s fool proof
When a politician is caught in a lie, nomatter how small, they pay a $1 fine which proves that they lied and can be referred to in the news or forums.
Arizer Argo Review 2020 - How to use the ARGO by Arizer by Budders Cannabis
The last family member to sit down ready for dinner has go set the table and serve dinner to everyone
Reddit Admins should do a name giveaway where they give away abandoned dummy account names like u/person and u/batman
Everyone who made money on $gme and $amc should all invest in an actual rocket trip to the moon.
We eradicate all human life on earth on purpose after shutting off all the different types of power plants, thus stopping carbon emissions, and in, a long time from now, the primates that are in the stone age now become as smart as humans, and hopefully find our research and history to not repeat it
Go skydiving with a dangerous wild animal strapped to your back (gorilla, alligator etc). The goal is you have to detach yourself from the creature before deploying your parachute
make comments have hidden upvote counter so that people aren't persuaded to upvote/downvote comments just on their vote count
Headphones that let you listen to music lying on your side
A pillow which hardens and makes it uncomfortable to sleep at a certain time when you wanna wake up.
Replace phone numbers with emails
A singing competition show where contestants need to jog/do cardio exercises while singing
We should have a tv show where people debate a single political issue
Michael Cohen creates an interview series in which he invites fellow former Trump-supporters and henchmen to dump on Trump.
A story with no discernible character traits so that the movie adaptation has a completely open casting
Police ride-alongs, but the cop rides in your car.
A remake of futurama but instead of zoidberg it's Zuckerberg.
Disney should sell the John Carter franchise to Blumhouse. Disney blew a large budget and is to squeaky clean to make the titillating version that would have sold, so it has not value for them. Blumhouse can do it justice and working on a shoestring so it’s lower risk
Make sofas in a 'V' shape so that if you crash on the couch you won't only have the one soft side and a void on the other. Has the added benefit of nabbing your sig other in like a venus fly trap.
Customer service employees have the right to challenge annyoing customers to a legal gun duel to the death.
All presidential candidates get to serve as POTUS in rotation. The time they spend in office is proportional to the percentage of votes they received.
Speech to text, but for the recipient.I superhero blockbuster film where all the powers are taken from r/shittysuperpowers
A wearable machine that automatically electrocutes you every time any part of your body comes into contact to your face within 6 inches
IF YOU WANT IT - ITS YOURS - NEWEST - BEST OF ABRAHAM HICKS - 05 05 2020
There should be a tv show where a doctor would join in an anti-vaxx mom group, and would secretly try to convert them into pro vaccine, and however lasted the longest undercover there wins, or if they just convert them overall.
Remake of Paranormal Activity movies, but with Tobey Maquire replacing “Tobey” the monster.
Make Washington DC a state, but give them the northern part of Virginia as well.
Every police department should have a few lawyers on staff, stationed at dispatch centers, so they can radio in before detaining someone to see if what they are doing is actually illegal or not
How to drink your own cum and it not be salty!!
A "bestof" option that allows parts of comment threads to be featured.
A show where two teams go on a great race to the farthest reaches of the Americas
Lockdown cooking book with recipes full of garlic, beans and other things that would normally cause issues but not now because you work from home and nobody can smell you :)
Brendan Fraser and Pauly Shore should make a sequel to Encino Man
Crocs + Vans
Guitar strings that sound like they have been used for 6 months whilst still being new.
Scary stories and hidden information. Get to know her through this link
down and up vote options in Facebook comments..to limit spam and stupid comments... so only the good quality posts show up... the reason it may not work is that the most facebook users are stupid and bots.
Make Reddit coin a cryptocurrency
I love Rockets and Playing cards. So idea is to combine both.
What if everyone in the US decided to buy and hold one share of GameSpot for their whole life, just for good luck
Imagine if Apple AirPods had Detachable Wires. These wires would charge the pods when connected and would function like normal earphones. When detached, these would function as wireless devices.
I'm a male prostitute and want to move to the capitol city of a red state to profit off of closeted republicans.
The government should allow people to socialize in groups and whatnot on the condition that if they contract covid-19 they're not allowed to use the hospital
A sports commentary duo where one tells nothing but the truth, and one always lies.
Use buffalo meat pressed into little wings in boneless Buffalo wings
Launch a teapot into orbit between Earth and Mars to torpedo future philosophical debates.
Make breathing masks illegal in the US so that dumb Americans will wear them.
I need a life partner here for marriage
Preservatives??
Public Poos Should Not Be Silent
Piss and shid on floor
An among us movie in the theme of clue
An app for grafitti.
Pick a random thief. Instead of involving the police, let him think he got away with it except for a few months show him a bunch of ads for burglers tools to freak him out
What if us talking to ourselves is not just our consciousness but us talking to the simulation, or the simulation talking to us?
Battle Ship. A-Z. 1-27. Still 4 boats.
Instead of the stereotypically feminine canopy bed, start marketing a masculine line of “manopy beds”
Rename every letter in the alphabet so they rhyme with W
Make an automated response to new account creation that reads: “Sorry you have used this password for another login that is not on this site” to REALLY piss people off.
We should jump all at the same time and watch what will happen
Prank app where you enter a friend's email address and it registers their account on various gay porn sites
An option to preload all reddit's top and hot posts to view them while traveling.
Once COVID is largely contained, give Americans pre-paid vouchers for hotels and trains/flights instead of cash loans/bailouts to travel industry companies
Time zones are actually one day in the future/past
Through extensive, systemic crossbreeding, reunite all existing dog breeds to create one superior masterbreed of the goodest boys.
Organize a charity bubble soccer tournament and stream it online to raise money for people in need due to Coronavirus
Corona saves humanity from Climate change
Whenever one submits a post and it was removed because it doesn't fit the subreddit in question, give us the option of reposting the same thing on a different sub or rephrase it without having to rewrite it for fucks sake.
Stop buying Reddit awards and instead donate that money to help Australia combat the fires
Making bots to buy up ps5 preorders but instead of scalping them, we just resell them at the same price we bought them for just to piss off scalperw
Imagine being able to save information like a word document... in a video game!
Free 18/8 stainless steel bottle to all
Instead of reddit marking some things as promoted, mark everything else as demoted
In times like this, I will text my ex and rekindle our relationship.
I dont know, give me money?
A recipe website/forum that requires you to post a pic of your physique along with your recipes.
The surviving members of Monty Python should go to the protests so all the cops go after them instead.
With all the USPS news/sabotage. Biden and the Dems should subsidize their own postal service to collect and deliver ballots for the election.
Could we use hotdog buns as a regular way to make a sandwich
Turn the day into 25 hours and add 0:00 after 12 and before 1
Vote on a state to nuke the hell out of every election year so every state will try their best to not be the one nuked that year
A two minute song with a noticeable key change half way through so I know exactly how long to do my teeth for
All cops should spend one full week in prison as part of their training before being deployed
A children's book of fables centered around the character of...Ted Bundy
Since it looks like, after the quarantine, all office spaces will not be needed anymore, why not turn them into free housing for the homeless?
An RPG with a customizable character who starts off fat, who gets skinnier as you increase the Agility stat and gains muscle as you increase the Strength stat.
Battle royale cannible fight
Buy other people gifts for your birthday
Get a tattoo of a drop of blood coming out of your nose, then cover it in make up. Then when the time comes, wipe off your make up and it’s the perfect excuse to leave any situation.
Face masks should have "In Memoriam" printed on them, along with a photo of a medical professional who died in the line of duty. A surefire catty conversation stopper.
Genetically modify some vegetables to contain addictive substances
A slow auto race with manual transmission cars. The object is to come in last and any driver that uses the clutch after the initial start, or stalls the engine, is disqualified
Add electric vehicle charging stations to parking meters.
Google Time VR. Time travel VR to real life times and places.
Subs should have an option to show only "removed" or "deleted" posts
all video games should have a shared config file for user controls and display settings.
Auto delete porn from your web history
George R. R. Martin should hand off the torch and allow Kanye West to write "The Winds of Winter" and "A Dream of Spring"
The Coronavirus disease should be changed to The Corona Virus
A mouse which vibrates depending on the game you play
Ban everyone who is actually important from Twitter
If a post or comment you authored receives a Reddit award from another user, you should have the option to donate a portion of that award’s value to the charity of your choosing.
Doomsday Clock
Reply to all those emails from companies saying they're here for me and ask for some actual help
Forget "on hold" music. Put everyone that's on hold in a conference call so they can all gripe together about being on hold.
People putting flour in the fridge.
If your local firework show is canceled, just watch that phone video you took of last year's firework show.
HP ZBook 15 G5 Best Laptop
Weed dispensaries should be allowed to sell vapes/juuls in places that have banned them because they already have the infrastructure to verify someone's​ age and prevent underage buying
What if you took the same mechanics of an automated car wash and scaled them down to fit into a fleshlight? (NSFW)
To Fight Corona, Ban Gatherings of Groups of One or More People
A Fall Guys game with Super Mario 64 physics.
Build a giant set of shelves in the jungle, for vases and knick knacks, to see if tigers will sit on them and knock all the stuff off
Next world War will be live streamed and viewers need to pay to watch it.
Everyone who lives in an apartment should put in a work order for their ac so that techs can come in cool off a see how well it works. You will be thanked
A car windshield screen that live broadcasts the front view from the car for nearsighted people
Get rid of the word 'dry' and replace it with 'unwet'Make money on the side
Scamming and price gouging over medical supplies during a pandemic should be considered treason
Instead of chemicals to repel bugs, just spray tiny spiders on yourself.
Let barbers give a free haircut to homeless people as marketing so they can show how good they can make a person look with their haircutting skills.
Fund science through gambling: After the study is complete, it will publish in phases. PHASE 1: only the control data is revealed. PHASE 2: gambling opens. PHASE 3: final results are revealed, and scientists get a cut of the winnings
Switch to daylight savings time at 2pm during the week to shorten your workday and switch back to standard time at 2am on the weekend to lengthen your sleep.
A South Park skit played by kid and adult actors
Make a wig of your hair before going bald. So, later, when your bald and wearing the wig, and someone asks, you can say it’s your real hair.
A new Marvel Avenger whose superpowers are the ability to build homes for and feed the homeless.
We should have Elon musk run as the president
Bernie should just start quoting lyrics from ...And Justice For All at his rallies
If we pumped enough aerosolized alcohol into the air, we could get rid of COVID-19 overnight.
A new feature on social media that hides if someone has already looked at your messages or not.
The US government should Nationalize Google.
What Percent Imperfect?
Enforce empathy. Tattoo every nazi into a brown full skin suit.
Using retina scanning to make sure nobody is ever allowed to attend multiple Super Bowls.
Everyone get 10 votes instead of 1
Whenever there are only two viable candidates left in a presidential primary, they should both agree to make the other VP if they win.
Minecraft but the blocks have a limit to how many times you can break them before they just disappear.
Release a new stimulus check for americans, but anyone who's been involved it's riots get nothing.
Gather a group of liberals and conservatives and have both groups show the news they get on their phones. Not just showing a link for them to search but physically showing them what they see on their phones and discuss.
A reverse monkeys paw. You wish for something awful and your wish is granted but something amazing also happens
Instead of annoying looped waiting music for phones, how about white noise to let you know you’re still connected.
President elect Joe Biden claims fraud in states that Trump won using the same baseless allegations as Trump for no other reason than to troll him.
A new challenge: eating while watching a cannibal movie.
Let’s start a fundraiser to give everyone with Tourette’s a therapy parrot
Where is my jacket with solar panels on the back and arms? My battery is low and I need to walk to work.
Create an expository documentary about the r/wallstreetbets Gamestop (GME) saga. I would examine what makes Reddit traders tick, including their altruistic behavior &amp; devotion to GameStop; interview hedge fund managers; dive into the Robinhood platform as it relates to GME.
A youtube channel that shows the first 2/3 of movie trailers edited to explicitly not ruin the experience.
A pipeline pumping in unlimited, free alcohol to all Indian, First Nation, and Aboriginal reservation areas
At his next press conference, publicly challenge Donald Trump to an Agni Kai.next years oscars
How About Giving All Americans Stimulus Money
Take strong laxatives before an eating contest, spray diarrhea during the contest to ruin competitor's appetite
A harem anime where the main character is a nice guy and fails at building said harem
The police should step down for a whole year, and not respond to any incidents or conduct any investigations, and then see how people feel about defunding them.
We should rename milk chocolate to lightskin chocolate.
Reddit: Sort by Forgotten. Favors posts that are older and have had no interaction at all.
Remodel the White House with a different architectural style every 8 years.
The United States would stand a pretty good chance at successfully invading China assuming the Coronavirus continues to cripple the country
Make a compilation of every lightsaber battle in the Star wars saga.
An augmented reality game where you paint sidewalks a team color as you walk them. Other people of other teams do the same.
BLM should co-opt ALM aka "All Lives Matter". When someone argues back ALM in opposition to BLM, the BLM person should emphatically agree "Exactly!".
Doorknobs that automatically squirt hand sanitizer when squeezed
Dictionaries should be changed so that words ending in "man" instead end in "min." That way, no one is offended and no one has to change the way they talk.
Get all archeological info ever researched (and possibly more) and put into Google earth so you can look at anywhere on earth at anytime in history.
Please, name for my skate brand?
Trump drops Pence as his VP and picks up Bernie Sanders.
If you pull out a piece of paper and practice your signature, the other people around you will be unable to resist the urge to show you their signatures. Keep that in mind when you need an example signature of someone’s to forge later.
What if you were able to choose to go to college but teach yourself at 1/10 of the normal cost. You would still have to take the final exam at the end of the semester. But they just give you course material and you work through it on your own.
Rhett and Link start a convention called LinkCon. Then one year, they randomly change it to RhettCon and act like it always was.
Tinder x Uber
The next generation of charging ports should be backwards compatible
Everyone hug 100 strangers tomorrow.
Facebook shutting down for good and Zuckerberg losing all his money.
Everybody sucks Everybody sucks Everybody sucks Everybody sucks
A zombie movie where people don't kill the undead, but remold them back into society.
numbered tissues in the tissue box
Wishbone Septum
What if we tried grabbing the virus by the pussy?
Cancel Thanksgiving and replace it to "Fucken DAY!" And Halloween to "Fatning Diabetes Day!" Or "no way, dude, I got no candy day" cuz Covid.
why not just have one single collective 'Human Bank Account' where ALL the money goes and we all are allowed to withdraw from it as needed?
Divide holy water into holy hydrogen and holy oxygen. Then use the holy hydrogen to create a holy hydrogen bomb.
Mass boycott wars instead of mass protesting against them
Whoever makes the makeup trump uses on his face should slowly change the shade of their brand over time so we eventually end up with a black president Trump.
We punish the wrong people for crimes
Release Animal Crossing early in an effort to stop the spread of Caronavirus since we all will be inside playing it.
A meatball restaurant but you bring your own meat. No questions asked.
Feedback on video battle idea - Thanx:)
Join a subculture of atavistic primitives, act civil and moderate
After the corona virus, we should globally take a month off like this every year to let the planet recover from climate change activities, we can call it planet relief month
A buffet that charges you based on how much food is left on your plate.
A website that tells you exactly how many milligrams of marijuana edibles to take before seeing a movie.
We should all just die and let the monkeys use what we built to start the evolutionary branch all over again
How to set up a fake business
We need a gameshow where we take shitty people that have done very shitty things and make them fight UFC fighters
A new SPORE game, in all the glory it was intended to have.
"Mister Knife Guy". A villain who randomly approaches people, proclaims "KNIFE to Meet You", STABS them, and then tells them to "Have a KNIFE Day", as he walks on to his next adventure. But that's not all..
The USA makes machine guns made after 1986 illegal for civilians. Instead of that. Let any us citizen, able to make a machine gun, but get ATF approval first.
An app that lists all the events that will be providing free food!/pizza
What if we just let kids eat whatever they want. Like let them scavenge for Barrys The dumb ones will just all die off and then we have less dumb people in society and we can finally go to the moon for real this time
A figurine that is linked to your tablet or laptop. Any pose or movement the figure does is motion captured.
commission Space-X to build a ring around Earth
The FCC should auction off its “banned” phone numbers. Companies would pay big bucks for a phone number that’s easy to remember (like 123-4567).
A new season of the office for 2020 but instead of paper, they sell toilet paper.
Someone should invent a way for us to vote on a Billionaire. If they're so powerful, it would be cool if as a nation we can each chip in average like, 10 bucks to vote and give a person ~1billion.
A supplement that tints semen.
The president should be determined royal rumble style.
An electric car with generators on the wheels
So, u have heard about vans,the shoe company...
See the process of preparing your food
A pair of glasses that blurs out peoples private parts
If certain people want to open up a country before quarantine has its full effect, we should just perform an experiment where we let those people go out and do their thing while the rest of us wait a few weeks and see the results
Stop increasing the global food supply and the global population will stop increasing.
Make a show like the office, but instead of being at an office, they’re at a hospital and it involves a group of nurses working overnight. It can be called “Night Shift”
A dating-App that connects people via their music preferences
High-res textures should be optional, free DLC to reduce video game install sizes.
Uber/Lyft should have a 'Dogs' or 'No Dogs' preference for both riders AND drivers. Don't just make it easy for riders to travel with pets... some DRIVERS would like to bring their dog to work. (Just tell them they need a seat belt/harnass.)
Everyone should wear a personal space bubble when going out during quarantine
Receipts that are attached to you your bank account rather than printed.
New Show Idea
Every future kid is named as a gamertag maybe given to them by their dad and everyone is named as a gamertag and not a natural name.
The cure to the worlds most dangerous diseases like Coronavirus could be hidden in how you defeat Video game bosses. So we need all the top doctors and researchers to play Video games right now.
Everyone cash in their free reddit reward and dump them all on one post.
Instead of carpeting your whole house.
An app where you choose which one of 2 pornstars is more attractive you to over and over and the app narrows your preferences down to a perfect match
Bring back the Agoge
A group of people who are similar to audiophiles, but invest in the best quality of movies released on home media
Trump should just say "pretend everyone around you has bad gas and is emitting nasty farts"
When you upvote an image or video that has been reposted, the original poster is also automatically upvoted.
Fixing law enforcement
Make a new law to limit the amount of toilet paper people can buy in one go
Local jigsaw puzzle clubs. Donate a puzzle, take a different puzzle. Most people probably don't want to do the same puzzle over and over.
A search bar for within a thread
Actually implement a post from this sub
A little thing I wrote the other day
Instead of regulations, what if we just put posters in all school bathrooms of Dr. Robotnik saying "Vaping as usual, I see".
Don't rename Columbus Day
Now that supermarkets are mostly empty, only restock with healthy food.
As technology keeps getting better, charging your phone a few minutes before leaving starts being actually effective.
Gameshow Idea
Revive Drive-In Theaters: they're not only perfect for social distancing, they also fix the annoyances of other people talking and texting during the movie
Have an international holiday where each person is required to plant one tree
A button for online ads next to the ‘skip ad’ or close-out X that says something like “I already have this item, please stop”
Invite people from everywhere in the country to protest peacefully in Portland. The secret police can't kidnap everyone!
A 21st century Frogger game where you walk down a sidewalk while dodging Covid-spewing antimaskers.
New show like "Cops" but instead called "Bad Boys" and is about bad/corrupt cops getting busted instead of civilians
A Mythbusters-esque show depicting what could be done with time period specific technology and modern ingenuity. Basically, how far could modern humans take ancient tech
Casinos should have a table where you bet money for one chance to plug in a USB device.
This will definitely work
My new original sports idea- blitz ball
A Fire Department that you can call so they actually come help you set things on fire.
Make it so our votes can be sold and transferred to the highest bidder. It works for the electoral college, why shouldn’t we profit too?
Construct a drone that your cat can pilot. Fit him out with a scarf and some flying goggles. Twiddles can now chase birds to the final conclusion. Why should those smug, beaky feathery b*st#rds have an unfair advantage?
TEDit a ML bot the generates “TED” talks from top Reddit posts
Television with cameras that force the viewer to drink a can of Coca-Cola before turning on
National voting survey confirmation website
An app/program/bot that scans the internet in it's entirety (including content long deleted), which simultaneously scans internet aged television &amp; movie scripts, novels/short stories/poems, articles, blogs, in order to locate &amp; call out plagiarism, giving the original creator credit for their work.
If you don't like clickbait articles, don't ignore them... Open them up many times with adblock. This will increase the cost of hosting such articles and discourage their production.
If anything, this has proved that if American workers and consumers act in solidarity and go on strike for a week, we can bring down the economy and achieve any demand we want.
Have two dishwashers, and never have to put dishes away. Put the dirty dishes in one, run it when it’s full, boom now that’s the clean dish cabinet. Then you start putting the dirty dishes in the other dishwasher.
A show called Date Night, where a different couple in varying stages of their relationships each week go out for a reasonably nice paid sit down meal.
Make a Pro-Trump seeming PAC, that gets progressively more insane with their advertising as the election draws near.
If there are aliens on earth, give them a button that launches any of the nukes they want to. Cuz, they probably already have machines that could find them and do that if they wanted to.
Let's let kids get out of school while there's an outbreak that could endanger their older generation of family
Scented Name Tags &amp; Comoany ID's
A program that creates 10 or so bots on the users pc and scraps the social media for stupidity such as "the earth is flat" "my kid doesnt need vaccines he will become autistic" etc and the bots then proceed to suppress those statements with facts. And this is 1 pc we are talking, imagine thousands.
Devices should have a setting to where if you turn the volume all the way down to mute, the sound/ video pauses until you turn it back up.
VOLKSTECH INDUSTRIES
'Mating Season'; A Reality TV primal dating show
Some kind of “dynamic resolution” for video that makes it possible to change the playback window from 16:9 to 4:3 or other resolutions while watching.
Compermise on the election: Joe Biden can be the normal daytime President and Donald Trump can the Night-shift President
Do The American Revolution Again. France Went Through Two Revolutions and cAme Out Fine. Let’s See America Do It
Cereal that doesnt to soggy in milk
Clocks based on sunrise
A cook-book, which teaches you how to do basic and complicated dishes, while insulting and roasting the shit out of you. Written by Gordon Ramsay
Timehop but for your bank account.
We should call the members of the new US Space Force "POOPERS" People Operating Over Planets Ensuring Residents Safety
Brothers and sisters in humour, NeoComedism summons you!
Google Translate for animals
theory: cuties is an actual pedo trap
A settings feature that will filter out all political posts on reddit from your feed
I want a mature rated Pixar studio. Not only adult Rated-R stuff only, but even PG-13, but definitely something for mature audiences that appreciate animation.
A Social Media Platform Like Facebook But Focused On Privacy
Some US politicians recklessly promoting catching COVID19 in order to cause chaos, looking for excuse to cancel, postpone, or otherwise skip upcoming presidential election.
Radio stations should play samples of songs so they have more time for commercials
All antivaxers should be encouraged to volunteer to take care of Chinese people with coronavirus.
A Reddit rule so that you can't post an image/video to a subreddit if it's been posted there less than two years ago.
Police departments should consist of self-driving cars and drones carrying video call monitors attached so the officers controlling them are never at risk - highly trained officers can be in the cars nearby if a physical presense becomes necessary.
Racism detector goes off like a smoke detector
The world comes to realize that no lives really matter that much except to a few.
They need to make fashionable and functional masks and gloves for the next pandemic.
Whenever someone is found guilty of a crime, sentence them to become the butler of their victim for an amount of time depending on the severity of the crime.
A different type of MAGA gift store
Mandatory swim suit competition for all Presidential Debates.
Bring back floppy drives to PCs
Velcro pajamas for children that fall out of bed.
Put the whole world in a month quarantine to get rid of the coronavirus once and for all
The world should declare war on climate change.
All train lines in major cities should support bike highways.
A rapper who uses his lyrical skills to solve riddles.
Male Karens should be called Cartmen
A political sub where American politics is banned.
Books should have a universal content rating system similar to video games and films.
If everyone spends a dollar to contribute to a hitman for cardi B over the internet, there would be no court system that could ever prosecute all of us
We should all get together in clown costumes.
Reddit should create a series of badges to encourage voting in actual elections.
One day LucasFilms, now Disney, will make a movie about how Superman's original race of people were symbiotic with 'the force'. I will now explain how this is possible.
Change the name of double-u (w) to "web".
a usa constitutional amendment that says: The government is a machine and has no rights. Only people have rights. So if its malfunctioning, it can not refuse to be repaired by the people.
Treadmills with interchangeable belt surfaces so it feels like you’re walking different places
An app that uses ai to filter all notifications into positive, negative and neutral and assigns different ringtones to each so you don’t have to view sad news if you don’t want.
Bring back /r/reddit.com
Take money away from billionaires, but let their accounts show they still have all that money
Let babies name themselves.
Make a country where all religious and ethnic minorities can live together away from persecution
Make everyone who was running for president of the US in the last 6 months automatically president including Trump. Strap GoPro's to their bodies, livestream everything each of them do with no privacy, and include a voting/elimination process leading to best man/woman standing.
Fake nipples
High heels for men. They can be made of kevlar or whatever. Sometimes a guy just wonders what it's like to walk like that.
Covid-19 protection
Maybe some airplanes could be desinfected by heat? If not existing then maybe new models that are specifically designed for it?
BLM should use an official n word pass as a fundraiser. There could be different passes available from 1 time use to lifetime member depending on the amount donated.
On inauguration, politicians must be photographed in an embarrassing, compromising pose (poopy diaper change, doing drugs, etc). Print the pictures and put them in a safe. If their approval rating drops below a certain threshold, the pictures are mailed to a right wing and a left wing publication.
A Smash Bros style game but with all Dragonball series fighters
Rummycircle customer care number 8389939685**6202278073
Let's justify marriage!
All anti-drug ads should just be James Hetfield singing Master of Puppets.
If your looking for a stressful time
A cooking website where the recipe page starts with the recipe and not the author's life story
An orbital "katamari" to clean up space debris.
League of legends. But with pokemon.
Infect everyone on earth with coronavirus
The world would be so much better if we put celebrities on a dental chair instead of a pedestal.
Let's make the problems of the first world become a dystopia and the problems of the third world become a utopia.
Spotify Z side: Songs with less than 50 total plays will be available here, categorized by genre. It will help audience in discovering brand new music and will give new artists a jump start.
The US should create it's own unit of time just because we like that sort of stuff
Critiquing the Critics at movies
A place where everyone who has ever sinned will burninate forever and their worst nightmares will become reality.
After Thots
make saved comments and post categorizeable.
Piss up a tree
Sex glass
Aaron Sorkin runs a Twitter account for President Bartlet as though he's actually in office right now
Why dose everyone want to be enslaved by cooperations rather then a government.If they separate the mayor from the lawenforcement on a county level. Limit the federal lawenforcement so it does not take over the government. Then limit the president power into a prime minister then local public media
Create an additional sports league where the players are allowed to use performance-enhancing drugs
A bag of chips that is filled to the top instead of the normal 50% air
A school that gives misbehaving kids overnight detention where they're forced to clean the school and not allowed to sleep, then the next day when they're falling asleep in class their teachers blow airhorns into their ears to wake them up
Have all of our congress men and women live stream Among Us with the parties being against each other to see who is the best at deception.
Rename a city in Russia Shietcofsniezburp
Name yourself "Trump" in Among Us so nobody votes for you.
Bean bag a bag filled with beans comes in broad beans or black beans
a contract where you agree to pay 100% of your money to them if you are making less than $20/hour, therefore your only legal way to make any money is to make at least $20/hour
Lockdown protocols should include demands that big box stores deemed essential to avoid shutting down provide shelf space and checkout services to local businesses which were forced to close. They should provide this free of charge in return for staying open.
Skyboat. It's a plane and a boat.
Make a 9th season of Game Of Thrones that starts of at the end of Season 6, and justify it by saying the ending was just a Bran vision.
An exclusive international union similar to the EU, but only for nations whose most popular surname is Smith.
A kind of store/place where you can go and pet or play with cute puppies or kittens.
A Reddit award that allows the gifter to change a single character on the post or comment.
A video game with a time travelling protagonist, but each era is a different era and style of video game.
No-losses lottery - every entrant's money gets pooled and put into a very safe investment. After a few years, everyone gets their principal back, but one entrant wins all the gains.
Video game makes you get good at remembering phone numbers
A script that summons the RepostSleuthBot on every post on a subreddit
A sweater for sheared sheep made of human hair
Food for humans that cleans your teeth when you chew it.
Stopping mail for a few days before the election
We need a reddit Court system with its members voted on by the people and randomly chosen jury of online users every court case so that subreddit wars can be delt with swiftly and cleanly
They should show how the T1000 in the Terminator 2 movie, eventually gets recycled into the T800 that was sent back in time to kill Sarah Conner in Terminator.
Darken the bar between reddit replies
How to Earn Money 2000$ FREE
Historical re-enactment of the Apollo 11 moon mission.
Get a pressure washer and a 50 gallon drum of sex lube
New Presidential Debate Format - You can talk past your allotted time but every second you do so, your podium is slowly lowered into the stage floor
Traffic Lights with audio to notify you when the light turns green. For people looking at their phones.
Octopus light show!
How to make mlp come back
Require every politician and special interest group to use the same spokesperson when campaigning in order to get more people to vote for the policies not the people
How to Progress Things With Such Short Interactions
Remake Star Wars from the perspective of the Empire being the good guys.
A limited high priority messages plan which allows you to send a message to someone such that their phone won't stop ringing till they pick it up and read the message.
They should introduce a Maggie 1.5 because 1 Maggie packet is too less and 2 packets are too much
Once the total US cases of COVID-19 reaches 1,000,000, YouTube should send Trump a Golden Play Button.
Vet clinic that specializes in pregnant dogs called bitches need stitches
Stop repeating the same news about covid 19, day after day after day after............................
Breast implants should contain helium, so your enlarged breasts don't feel as heavy as they should
Marriage timeshares. You're married to someone Monday - Thursday, and someone else is married to them Friday - Monday.
Only animals pay tax, not people. Some would say the horses owe us for using cars instead of them.
A race through the forest with blindfolded participants
Choose presidential candidates via the Willy Wonka method.
Pistachios without shells
End active policing. Firemen don't go looking for fires.
House Shrinks!
Body pillow sized Worms on a string
Print out any thesis or report in A3 dimensions as a method to release the stress gained in the process and watch as the professor struggle to read and shelve it.
An all white production of the musical Hamilton
Make a global law that if you illegally dumb, you are required to clean it up and if you cant then you are shut down as a company or executed as an individual.
E-Book store except you are allowed to buy half of a book at 51% of full price
release all the wild animals into the cities that are being quarantined to make sure no one goes out
West wing reboot with Sam as president and Charlie as the deputy chief of staff.
Convert the entire world's infrastructure to accommodate Ferris Wheels as the new preferred form of public transportation
Make fast food paper bags and wrappers out of napkins.
A reverse Hallmark movie where all the angry boyfriends who got broke up with on Christmas get together, realise they all had the same few girlfriends on different years, and then it becomes a horror movie where you're rooting for the murderous boyfriends.
Train all soldiers to be firefighters, use military logistics to deploy them globally to big fires like those in Australia and Brazil.
A database/tracking system similar the one used for registered sex offenders, except this particular one is made to keep track of mentally ill customers who have public freakouts.
The Marco Polo game has to now be the Yoko Ono game and when you're found you all have to yodel/scream.
I hooked a baseball pitcher up to twitch and let chat shoot 60Mph balls at me while I was sleeping.
Remake the show 1000 Ways to Die, and have Sean Bean reenact every death scene.
A timer for 30 seconds at public restrooms that starts when you begin washing your hands
All Dem's wear John Bolton masks to the SOTU.
Medication, but in PEZ brick form.
Change the colour of the upvote button just for shits and giggles
Trump's gonna push the button
A subreddit that is dedicated to mentioning celebrities whose birthday is today every day, and historical events from that date.
r/all r/words r/in r/all r/posts r/are r/subreddits r/even r/if r/they r/dont r/exist r/yet r/and r/they get linked automatically without seeing the r/ in front of them
Wonkey Kong
Reassign the US 3rd Army regiment to the US Capitol under the sole command of the President Pro Tempore, Speaker of the House, and Sergeants at Arms.
What’s Open, find the nearest establishment that has the products or service you need.
Corona-crisis is sent by the elite so we could act less like social beings and friendly, even in the future, making us eager to follow and obey their demands and rules.
Apple or Google start their own internet. They just create a giant separate network for their customers only faster and better and with blackjack and hookers! You know what? Forget the internet!
Using Jack Black as promotion, create a feminine hygiene product called "Ska-douche."
Instead of being snobby about grammar lets all agree to use “your” for both your and you’re because it’s shorter and usually easy to discern from context
Genetically modified chickens that lay eggs with only egg whites or only egg yolks specifically for making baking easier
Banana + Chilis
Youtube open new subscription service with lossless compression
An anonymous mode for calculators
Facebook should have a fun multiplayer trivia tournament game where it quizzes you based on the information it reads from your Facebook friends' account.
You know what’d be a CRAZY idea?😂😂 what if😂😂😂 we you know😂😂 ended the drug war hahahahaha???? It’s not like people are still getting their drugs regardless and it’s coming from cartels who kill every day and corrupt governments and sell fentanyl laced drugs that kill people every day😂😂
We should make another sub for all the posts that are clearly ShowerThoughts.
If they ever remake The Matrix, methinks Neo should be played by Jim Carrey - and as the movie progresses his character roughly goes "The Truman Show"-&gt;"Bruce Almighty"-&gt;"The Mask"
Versionof Masked Singer TV show where masked singers wear horror masks
What if YouTube uses your front facing camera to see if you’re watching, giving you a longer but skippable ad knowing you’re not there to click “skip ad” but will still have to listen to it
A comedy series featuring the Underwear Bomber, El Chapo, Ted Kaczynski, some mob bosses, and other residents of AMC Florence Penitentiary
Pat Sajak comedy tour across America
Carbon Dating: a dating site for scientist and nerds
A way to turn off the Sunday scaries
Pretend to be yourself from an hour ago.
I Created A Simple Effective Face Mask. Protect Yourself!
1720, 1820, 1920, 2020 all had an epidemic. So I'm just going to write in a book that there will be an epidemic in 2120. I'll be that guy who predicted the 2120 outbreak
Have a Reddit paid option that is a super downvote - causes the post to lose half of its karma
A tinder like app made by Spotify that primarily matches people by their taste in music
Voluntary enrollment with a debit/credit card company that puts a hold on your payments/purchases to flagged unethical companies (for example companies using prison laborers). If you choose to release the hold and purchase anyway...
Split the difference and change Columbus Day to Iron Eyes Cody day and make it about honoring indigenous peoples, the contributions of Italian-Americans, and picking up litter.
Honey Buns. But as wide as a pizza.
Reverse-crimes, where you get rewards for doing good things.
Goebbels home
Rig a real gun to fire when you die in Minecraft. Play hardcore with real consequences
Check out this! Enjoy &amp; Relax Watching 3:30 mins of pure Nature drone videos of this breathtaking beauty in HD
Enable voice comments on social networks.
Before he retires, they should do a special episode of Jeopardy where Pat Sejak hosts and an episode of Wheel of Fortune where Alex Trebek hosts. Preferably on April first.
The ability to donate to a presidential candidate without being spammed with texts, emails and phone calls for the next 8 years
an on/off switch of the government so if its malfunctioning it can be turned off, examined, fixed, and turned on, without it interfering with the repair process by it still being on
If someone hasn't experienced sex/relationship(s) by age 30, make it illegal for them to marry and/or have kids
Federal politicians required to respond to 1% of their Twitter mentions personally, calling at 100 responses per day.
"The Little Sea Stars"... my new show about little sea star sisters.
PETA should take a trip to an Asian wet market, they would probably go ballistic
The ability to block entire subreddits
Most of the people buying out toilet paper are doing it in fear of the facts that people will overreact about the coronavirus, not from fearing it themselves
Politicians should be paid minimum wage.
Let's all buy Bitcoin and watch it blow up all over again!
Now would be a great time for mega-churches to use their millions to care for all of those suffering during this crisis.Name your kid Matilda, spelled "Ma~"
Habits Of Women That Make Men Fall In Love With Men.
Arbitrage plays
Avast should make a corona antivirus
There should be an easy and convenient way to check on production factory conditions prior to purchasing anything (like a live stream). It could improve a lot of third world lives and working conditions very quickly.
Books cannot be opened until you buy them
A fighting game like Mortal Combat called “Politicombat” where you get to choose between any US president. Each sporting their own specific weapons.
Create some Industrial design software that allows you to plug in many different product designs and that morphs them into one design to see what comes out...
make abortons free, and mandatory
Make social media platforms have an "anti-viral" setting, where after a set limit of retweets/reblogs/reposts it can't be shared again, not even by screenshot
Gas stations should be pay at the pump ONLY
For Covid-19 (SARS-CoV-2) patients, why don't they fill their lungs with perfluorocarbons (liquid ventilation), circulate the fluid out and boil it to deactivate the virus and reduce viral load? (x-post from /r/askscience)
Name your per dog 'Affection' so that whenever you need any affection, you just need to call your dog by its name.
a horn but the noise comes out of the back of your car for those people that feel the need to tail you even if you’re going over the speed limit.
A restaurant that smells like shit, but the food taste amazing, called the dutch oven.
Have an undelete button on Reddit for when you change your mind.
Reddit should remove the awards (other than silver, gold, and platinum) so my screen isn’t covered in random pointless medals.
It was suggested I post this here: I think the Las Vegas Raiders should change their name to the Las Vegas Spreads. The new name would embrace two long-time Nevada cultural pastimes of gambling and prostitution.
EJWs not SJWs. The main goal for everyone is to exist in comfort with minimal fear. Existence has the potential to be the heaven we all crave after death, and that could be worth fighting for.
New liquor named Flu Shot.
go to a loan shark who puts a lock around your balls that you cant remove until you pay it back
For April Fools Day, Tinder should reverse the swipe directions (make it to where you have to swipe left if you like someone and vice versa) without telling anybody
An app for donating your excess body fat to starving people.
Untitled Moose Game
The ability on mobile phones to be able to hold down the “paste” button to display a list of recently copied items. This way, you can have multiple items copied to your clipboard at once.
We should be watering the Sahara Desert
July is the 4th month of the year with a 31st day. It really should be an 4th31st holiday.
An AI that would fact check statements and update on the screen live during political debates
Set up all the international airport from flights to China in New York or San Francisco. If the Coronavirus gets problematic we just dome off those cities like in The Simpsons Movie.
A mandatory government-issued email address for every citizen in the worldWrite a book from many, many different viewpoints on what the world is like today(scientifically, politically, socially), so that in the future, historians will have an easier time with figuring out the complicated social climate and literal climate of today
Taxes should be based on the age of the individual instead of his/her income. For instance, a 21-year-old pays more in taxes than a 67-year-old, but tax rates decrease as they age.
protesters dress as villains/grim reapers/harbingers of death and sarcastically protest for schools to open/anti-masking and even police brutality
Spotify Z side: Songs with total plays less than 50 will be available here, categorized by genres. It would help audience in discovering new music and give new artists a jump start.
An outlet with built-in extension cords.
Each Class should have 1 Bathroom.
A reddit bot called “Walls of Shame” that automatically generates comedic, inspirational-styled wallpapers from highly downvoted comments
Integrate "double or nothing" into everyday life.
There should be a TikTok challenge for washing hands
Listen to the ideas of people locked up in mental asylums.
An episode of Black Mirror where a robot butler, Smedley, trips and accidentally exposes a well-endowed female guest's chest at a highly public event. Everybody shuns guy who owns the robot, but he refuses to get rid of Smedley because he paid a lot of money for him.
Rational Glue
Instead of being ready to drug test quickly but doing job performance evaluations every 6 months, fire people only for doing a bad job which means evaluate performance just as fast
A website where you can make bets with people on anything, but the money goes to the charity of the winners choice.
Reddit should just add a button with which we can instantly link any text to a Rick Roll without having to go and copy the link everytime.
Time to colonise mars! Musk plans to send million people to mars by 2050.
A Twitter like service that charges by the character to use, insuring only the most important information in its quickest form is broadcast.
Build another moon in space
GPS Chip Everyone
All nations should disengage their military and wage conflicts through ultra realistic video games made by a trusted developer.
Truck drivers should park all around the anti-quarantine protestors, so they cannot be seen. Media should stop coverage of those protests at the same time.
Release a series of sequels to ‘Groundhog’s Day’ which are all just the original ‘Groundhog’s Day’
If circumcision has health benefits, then so does seppuku.
Fender and Gibson allow each other the licensing to make ONE of each other's guitars with opposite branding as a limited run.
Allow people to protest the lockdown orders, only if they sign a DNR/I that cannot be reversed. If they are found to have infected any persons who did not protest this, they will serve life in prison.
Tinder should add a feature where you can't swipe once you have a handful of matches. You should unmatch with your current matches if you want to continue swiping.
Given just how generally stupid the internet is there is probably another one for smart people we don't know about
Each time some one say Baguette we should correct it to Braguette (trousers fly) without saying what it mean
What if rain all came down at once. You’d have to take cover as thousands of gallons of water crashed down onto the earth all at the same time.
Marrying a Hindu woman so that you can fake your death, and watch her throw herself into the funeral pyre at your memorial service
Provide option to report posts on Instagram and Facebook as Facetuned or False Face, just like reporting Fake news
Charities should only be able to receive donations from different countries.
All protests should have the police march with them, instead of standing against them. Not only are the optics better, but the feelings of hatred are greatly diminished when it appears as though they are all on the same side. Also they can more easily spot agitators when dispersed within the crowd
Uber should show a driver category before booking the ride which describes the behaviour of the driver. For eg, a silent driver, a funny driver, a therapy driver, etc.
Issue every voter a QR code stamp device and a private key for cryptographically verifiable paper signatures
Remove all audio from debates and have each side make their case through interpretive dance responses to the moderators question
How about the world declares used plastic the currency of the world?
New 2nd Amendment
Flaghing misinformation posts differently
Paying taxes should make you feel proud.
Create a series of pills that weaponize your anus.
sleeping is just practice for death
Create a drug that makes you fall head over heels in love with yourself, as if you were your own soulmate
minimum wage of 1 cent per hour whether youre working or not even if unemployed
YouTube should have a way to hide channels from appearing the same way Spotify lets you hide artists
Make voting for the president a national 2 day holiday. It’s only once every 4 years and let’s everyone exercise their right to vote as it should be. no more trying to deny people the right to vote.
A show about a meth-head who ODs but is brought back by satan, but now he has a little demon pal who only he can see and when he smokes meth his cock becomes sentient.
A horror movie utilizing 3D sound (link in description).
So apparently dogs can sniff out the coronavirus 94% of the time. Let's put one at the entrance of every grocery store in America. Sooner or later, we'll sniff the virus out of existence.
Ban cameras from WWII remembrance locations
Make cars so that when you go in reverse it has a negative odometer too so you can see how many miles you have negative driven.
Police only get paid while there body cams are on, recording, and streaming publicly to the internet.
When you get an ad, they have to tell you by what means you were targeted. Like, "Google Maps said you went to a camera store and Alexa heard you ask about flashes and your credit card bought rechargeable batteries"
In order to renew ownership, gun owners must go head-to-head in a 1-on-1 battle with an M1 Abrams tank
A phone screen that doesn't show you a reflection of your face.
A Megaman game where there are no health pickups, rather you have to grab an ammo pickup without any special weapon equipped to restore health.
A wish list for advertisements so you become a lead but don’t get monthly emails annoying you about it you just check it when your current phone breaks and remember seeing a good one.
A murderer mystery show called "Where's Waldo" where they track down a serial murderer who leaves behind a piece of cloth that has red and white stripes, and every time they come close to catching him he runs into a huge crowd, and then they look at the camera footage trying to find him...
A drone with a mirror that can point a beam of sunlight on a target in an instant. A couple dozen drones could destroy just about anything, then fly off without a trace.
Uber DD. They bring two people in a car, one of them drives your car home. Other car follows and takes DD back when you’re home.
Every generation should have its own political party. That way they can vote for things that matter to them, and grow in power, as they get older, but as they get too old the next group has their own party to take over,
If users actually cross-checked for originality before posting!
Use company surveys after you do business with them to advertise other things to that company's employees reading the surveys.
Start a podcast/YouTube channel and on that start spewing whatever ideas you have for movies/TV series/video games years later someone is gonna make something similar to what you said and then you can demand royalty fees.
All countries in the world speak one language like Latin
Make divorces illegal then see how bad they want it
First comment on Despacito
I propose a mass social gathering.... make some new friends during quarantine..... post gamertags and console that you play.... maybe we can all be a little bit closer when we are all so far away
The Italian Government should just randomly start referring to itself as The Roman Republic and insist others refer to it as such
If we can have pump foam soap why don't we make that same thing for shaving cream and start to phase out aerosol
Let's bombard TikTok with one star reviews
A reverse prison society. Where you're born into protective custody, &amp; cast to freedom if you crime.
GOG Galaxy should have "Can I run It?" Button. That tells me does my PC/Laptop can run this game.
Idea to help Australia
A subreddit dedicated to giving misleading mobile games 1 star
A video game with an absolutely dreadful frame rate by default, like 5 FPS, but your character's upgrade tree contains a "Frame Rate" branch.
If a black person gets beaten by the police they should identify as a puppy and this way white people will start caring
A to-scale human body museum, featuring a thrill ride through the digestive system.
Bring ourselves one step closer to the future by officially renaming USD to Credits.
A drink that adults and teenagers can buy from any store that calms your mind down for a few hours, non addictive, and you can operate any machinery, and that's inexpensive
Crazy idea, having a healthy sleeping schedule✨
What will you do with your Xmas tree? Please share your ideas
Make a horror movie, with no actual horror. It just constantly builds up tension, and gathers more plot points, but the whole thing just turns out to be a hoax at the end.
Buying used gaming laptops, cleaning them and sell for much profit
Idk if this counts as conversation, but if you guys are bored here’s some virtual bubble wrap to pop!
A real-time strategy game where you play as the human immune system and fight off various viruses and infections in order to defend your human
Plant a sapling in quarantine !The government mandates the entire teenage population of the United states listen to Wonderwall during high school lunch. Every day.
A TV show consisting of failed auditions to various other shows (i.e. Survivor, AGT, etc.). As a season finale, the audience votes online for which auditions are put into some form of competition for which their audition would have applied
a human-centipede video game where politicians and the IRS and DMV are the first person and you are farther back in the centipede
On December 25th we all subscriber to whichever small YouTuber gets the most upvotes in the comments below to help them get a silver, gold, or even diamond play button for Christmas.
Congress can’t do insider trading
Reddit should redistribute karma from higher karma users to lower ones, allowing users who are broke to receive life changing karma welfare and ultimately feel empowered about their online lives.
Can We?
"Normal" Al Yankovic, a guy who takes funny songs and turns them into serious ones.
The only reason box cake mix requires eggs is because in that 50s bakers needed to feel like they were actually baking but I don't think we need that anymore. Bring back the just add water box cake mix.
If you convert to another religion that also has a diety, you are essentially getting a step-God
Quibi should release a stand up comedy show called “Tight Ten”
A full-time career where you just stand on the street and throw frozen chicken nuggets at passing cars.
Tweet at Trump that you want your donated money back, and then make another tweet later that you actually got more than you asked for back.
Entire White House staff should call in sick. "I tested positive for Covid."
A law that says whenever you argue online, you are required to post your name personal information.
It should be required to have a high school diploma before you can vote
They should re-run commercials from the 1980s. If you want me to watch ads, hit me in the nostalgia. Gen Z will just watch out of horror.
A videogame where you play as Voldemort, trying to split your soul as many times as possible
what if you could teleport to teleport to xbox and play the games like its in vr but you can still respawn!
What if reddit did not show the no. of upvotes even to the OP before the end of an hour?
Have a place to post a photo of your work bench for others to make suggestions on
It seems like its so obvious it doesnt need to be said, but it might actually help to make a law that says no law can exist primarily for the purpose of making politicians rich at the expense of citizens
New sub idea, TIWAA
Disable friendly fire and PvP in real life.
Switch the titles of all legit news sources with parody news groups and see if people can tell the difference
Take the peel off a banana then put a cactus inside and peel it back up
We need to introduce Orcas off the shore of Massachusetts ASAP
I'm opening a new butcher shop called "Beat My Meat!". You think YOUR meat can beat MY meat? Well put your...meat... where your mouth is!
Terror organizations should use these unfortunate times to reflect on their mission in life and consider parting ways with their destructive acts.
YourPillow a direct ripoff of MyPillow run by collective operation and employee owned that donates 10% of revenue to Black Lives Matter, anti-fascist groups, and other leftist causes just to spite Mike Lindell.
The show “Hoarders” but every episode is Jeff Bezos
A porn parody of the tv series "24," starring Jack Plower
We had a bath in beans
Instead of interrupting your movie/vidéo they should just make you watch all the ads at the beginning.
A Shazam for fireworks
Make plastic stupidly expensive so people won’t throw it away and companies will stop using the and making them
Damage a cop car
An ar gps app
Appliances that thank you after using them
Faceboom. A social media platform for older people exclusively. You have to send ID picture upon registration and get verified.
Might be the stupidest/ craziest idea I’ve came up with in recent days.
Instead of "preferred pronouns" assign everyone their pronouns at the age of 18 via lottery, with six seperate variations regardless of gender.
Join PETA before its too late. If aliens come then everyone is like an animal compared to them.
Make your name a registered trademark. File trademark infringement lawsuits against all the advertisers who send you junk mail. Profit.
A shower head that also dispenses soap and shampoo
When a rape allegation is found to be false and no where near being true, give the accuser the sentence.
Make r/arabs and r/arabfunny The Same Subreddit For April Fools
Burp Blast.
Expand world health organizations domain to that of saving the climate and caring about the health of our world. Any government of any country should need to get its permission to pass laws related to climate and health and it should have a right to fine countries that don't listen.
Modeling every office today on America to have the same layout as the one from "the office" to potentially increase employee happiness
In shows where the character has a cat/dog, in scenes that don’t require much training, they should use a shelter dog/cat, and at the end of the episode/season, have just a few seconds describing how to adopt them!
Sniper Rifle Golf Course
What if nobody went back to work until everyone has healthcare?
Take all the water from the melting ice caps and transport it to Mars to terraform it
Dress up as a dolphin and be the sign language interpreter for the presidents speeches, but instead of translating, simply recite the recipe to a decent banana bread.
Stop some deforestation and pollution; link at end
Drinking glasses with spout
We take the people who are really good at civ games and put them in charge of everything.
Idk but I'll be dressing up for Halloween to vote this Saturday.
In order to promote voter turnout, what if you got a $5 gift card after voting.
There should be a ringtone that rings/vibrates the calling phone number in Morse code so you know who is calling without looking.
Kosovo should become independent for the sole reason that if it was a country, there'd be a huge swole dick on the map.
Cinemas that provide special optional glasses that when worn allow you to see subtitles on screen
A spam website that poses as a business entity name search then buys every name when a name is searched and offers to sell the name at a 10000% finder's fee, just for the lols
Make a list of the Top 10 Rickrolls of all time and at number 1 put the Song to Rickroll the person reading the list
Every December, highway patrol police swap their blue light for a green one to have red/green Christmas colors, and instead of giving out citations, they give out cash prizes to good drivers they notice. From the money they collected all year
Make Elon musk design giant robots for the military
All coffee shops need bidet-equipped restrooms
God has the ability to feel high
Forge katana from martian iron
CRAZY IDEA: what if I just...STOPPED EXISTING. Honestly, I’m down for that
Remake Cuties with all adult males starring Steve Buscemi, Willem Dafoe, Christopher Walken, Michael Douglas, and Gary Busey as the dancers, and Edward Norton, Michael Cera, Shia LaBeouf, and Ashton Kutcher as the adults.
Eat your hands
Breast milk sold in stores with different flavors
Create an incredibly elaborate and onerous permitting process involving multiple government departments, excessively long and redundant forms, repeated submissions by post and fax, all taking at least six months, in order to purchase copies of any of the works of Franz Kafka.
A social media app where every post will have a poll with the options "genuine", "dodgy" and "fake"
Create a gameshow called “You Break It, Get Paid For It’, where contestants get a set amount of time in a model house and the total value of all the items they demolish are their winnings
Socks, but for your hands!
Instead of regular public restrooms they should be converted into Urinals and Toilet rooms where one has just urinals and the other has just toilets.
Offer masks and gloves and hand sanitizer everywhere instead of canceling everything.
Facial expression interpretation class for when all these masks come off after herd immunity.
How about we take the fertilized embryo and implant it in a cow and let the cow carry it for nine months. Women never have to leave the women .
Sports should have patches similar to video games. The patches could adjust rules where certain strategies could be made better/worse to change the meta of the game.
Awarding Reddit coins to the first 10 voters in any post.
Universal Basic Income put into an ETF, with companies that fulfill the SDG Goals. People who need it can take it out monthly - everyone else invests in his future and helps shifting towards a more sustainable economy.
What is what we think is a singularity at the beginning of the universe is just a mathematical event horizon for another universe that expanded into ours and beyond our even horizon is a universe that can’t mathematically calculate our existence
Phones made of magnesium, so that if you are lost in the woods you can start a fire
Spread photoshopped pictures of President Trump wearing a mask, with the words "The President wears one, you should too!" and post them all over conservative social media to encourage mask-wearing. Also, put a hotdog sticking out of his pocket- just because.
If cancer is cells reproducing too fast and viruses kill cells what if instead of avoiding viruses scientists look for different kinds of viruses and find one that could fight cancer?
Force all politicians to spend a year living in another country so they have a better understanding of the world
There should be a microwave safe plate with a rim made from material that can’t transfer heat.
Create a better more humane and intelligent society using money as an incentive... example.... reach the age of 18 years old and no felony, speeding ticket, super minimal days taken off from all years in school, no documented fight in school, no skipping classes = 50,000 Dollars University Grant...
Write a musical based on "The Producers," the movie based on "The Producers," a Broadway musical that was based on "The Producers," a movie about a Broadway musical. Working title:
What if we had laws that forced the Uber rich to reveal how they're spending their money?
Crowdfund a massive project to fertilize the ocean with iron and sequester tons of carbon.
FlippedScript - Satirical news websites that take hyperpartisan inflammatory news articles, changes all identification details to make it seem as if the offending party is a member of the opposite camp, and republishing them with a link to the original at the bottom
Everybody gets COVID today. Surely one of is unlucky enough to be the person who "gets COVID the day before a vaccine is made". Boom, vaccine comes out tomorrow.
Write messages in mud that scientists say will fossilize. In hundreds of millions of years when it erodes away, it will reveal itself. Imagine if another sentient species evolves and figures out what it is.
Send 2 battle robots to MARS and LIVESTREAM their fight back to Earth. The winner of the fight will be granted 'Sentience' when we invent it later.
Understanding the INSIDE BAR - When to trade &amp; when to ignore _ Part I
Police should start beating the people who do not follow the stay at home orders with a baton. This would exclude the essential personnel and essential supply shoppers. Im talking about the protesters and beach going people.
When the quarantine babies start popping out next year name the generation: Coronials
Each party in the US should have two primary candidates so that both parties are "equally split" and voters have more choices.
a reality show where billionaire CEOs have to live off of their lowest paid employee's salary for a month
Zbox
Fine dining restaurants should partner with hotels to allow people to still go out to eat, but allow for maximal compliance with Covid-restrictions by creating "eating-isolation-pods" out of their rooms
Make it so that shares in large media corporations can be owned anonymously. Possibly done via anonymizing intermediary.
Give away an ebook for free, but instead of it being the first book in the series, give away the last.
Instead of schools making you read shakespeare; they should make you watch it.
Nature seems to be improving while we are staying inside. Maybe the law of the Sabbath has practical environmental benefits and would allow the earth to heal itself continually by us resting on one day a week.
Maternity wards and OBGYNs should begin preparing for a baby boom beginning in December 2020 due to the Coronavirus isolations.
When someone says “credit to u/_____________, the karma should go to the person mentioned
An emergency on call birthday party attendand service. For all those sad stories where not a single kid shows up to someone’s birthday party. A team of 10 expert party kids show up within the hour to bring joy to the birthday kid
Who don't we start calling professional portfolio managers "HedgeHogs" instead of "hedge fund managers".
Hillary Clinton plays Trump on Saturday Night Live sketch. No make up or anything. Just straight up her, calling herself trump.
Have an African child-soldier cooking competition on the Bravo network
International Parks. Some land is too beautiful to be owned by a government.
A landscaping business called lawn enforcement
Shampoo bottles that have a Where's Waldo game on the back so you won't get bored when you're taking a shit and don't have your phone
A reddit setting that hides a post if you scroll over it two times.
Distribute the covid vaccine through MLM
Stores operating in a post COVID-19 world should implement a "Disney" like fast pass system that would limit the amount of people in the store at once.
Instead of abortion if the baby was moved to a test tube or incubator of some sort and then put up for adoption.
Become invisible, just so you can beat the hell out of a mine, as everyone cheers for his incredible convincing performance.
Imagine a universe where martin campbell directs sean connery as james bond while both are in their prime
Kaspersky, McAfee, Norton should partner with face shield manufacturers.
Basically a paint roller except it has a sticky gun around it that you can use to get entire colonies of ants with. This means no need to vacuum them, no need to spray them and sweep them all away, no need to squish them one by one. Just take em out with a sticky ant roller
Have a fireproof vehicle with 4K cameras blissfully drive through a forest fire for amazing video.
A "newspaper box" with a built-in printer that spits out newspapers from different publications on demand.
Death and lost resources
No more bad breath
On the day of voting, people who come in to vote and stand in the queue get a 1 minute one-on-one session with their favorite celebrity. They need to verify their location via the app, and also background is verified.
If the infinite multiverse theory is true then every day of your life there is another version of you that is watching your life and seeing how badly things could have turned out if they had only made X different decision in the past.
An organization/charity called "Against all Otts" that places people in a room full of ravenous man-eating otters
Bluetooth underwear - so I can monitor "things" from my cell phone.
Harvesting water from ice. Global warming and global water shortage.
Create an NFL streaming service with no ad breaks and all games are broadcast live but can be accessed later as a VOD
The NAACP should sell an actual N Word Pass to raise money
Make an computer virus to spread a message.
Spiders to build a space elevator
Convince Christians to support abortion by pointing out that all abortions would instantly get into Heaven by logic of having souls but no time to sin, and it’s not like they want abortion doctors or people who get them up there with them anyways.
WILD THOUGHT - Make corona virus testing affordable to better contain the spread in the US
Lets bring back this queen real quick
We should get a great writer to stitch together all the crazy religious conspiracy theories together to create a Sci-fi universe that would probably rival WH40K
Its hard for me to believe that space will end in blackness for the rest of time.
A completely contact free public toilet including automatic doors.
An app that recognizes a voice and tells you who’s speaking
What if like we just stopped going to war and shared resources with countries that need it
Before technology and video cameras take over the world, we should write down some fake records of mythical creatures and make it seem very believable and freak out historians.
An option from Reddit to search by cold and see posts that everyone missed
Before the government passes a law or bill, we should get access to politicians phones and browser history to see any inside connections, financial connections, or outside influences they may have had passing the bill
Netflix and the like could have a Choose A Rating show or movie where you could pick the type of story rating depending on the audience.
Video games should show cost per hour so you can see if you spent your money well.
A spinoff called "The Big Mermaid" all about Ursula as an undersea crime boss.
Rosary beads that double as anal beads
Wear a shirt that says "I want you to get the covid..." and on the back it says "...vaccine"
The floor is lava rooms, but a business like escape rooms
New sport: the Wee-lay. Compete with other teams of four to see which team can pee for the longest time, consecutively. Down time (stopping mid-stream or between teammates) is deducted from the total time.
an ultralight plane (hangglider with seat and small motor and propeller) with a big piece of rubber or dragracing air tank for vertical takeoff to get high enough to use the propeller
toilet system that has wet vac suction system at the top of the rim (4 to 6 tubes around the rim) to be used as a odor filter and a toilet clog over flow container.
Privatize the Department of Motor Vehicles. Then give Starbucks the management contract.
When you're single, start mapping out and planning the execution of the greatest and most elaborate dad-joke of all time, as motivation to finally cultivate a long-term relationship.
A jar of pickles, pickled inside a larger jar of pickles.
A show where each episode is based on a different subreddit, and consists of three shorts, each inspired by a different post from that subreddit.
A recliner/toilet that comes with toilet paper. No getting up needed! Flushing included
A videogame about sewage management, called "Call of Doody"
Instead of just having the options to turn Safe Search: On or Off, how about the ability to show results that are Not Safe Only.
Taxes should be confined to counties and not state or federal.
Basically fabricate a conspiracy (e.g. the Wayfair scandal) with another random company, make it believable, use the massive negative online social media attention to drive down their stock price temporarily, buy up as much as you can, then once the price rebounds just sell for a nice profit.
I'm a tree y'all!
Get some real candymakers or culinary people to flavor medicine.
Draft people who use military time on their phone first. They deserve it
What if politicians had to use Agile?
Make locks that fit bottle opener keys
We should change our dating system to be based off the scientific revolution
We should have an app/site like my fridge food, but for Legos. There's a glossary and you tell the site what parts you have and it tells you what you can make. Or get more of those parts.
A deep-throating porn star named Mariana Trench
Uber and Lyft will no longer be competitors by merging both companies together to form one transportation service company, Luber.
at a buffet the person who eats the most in 30 minutes gets it free
The "Want a break from the ads" ad from spotify but instead it's sans saying "Want to have a bad time"
To stop spread of Coronavirus complete how about stay fucking home instead of thinking you're doing the world a favor by going to a work convention or a goddamn rock concert. So crazy it might work!
Extradite &amp; imprison all racists in the ancestral countries of their victims.
Guide bumps on piano keys for the visually impared. Why hasn't that always been standard?
Get rid of fact checking in politics entirely
Turn elections into Quizzes
A Serbian Film On Ice.
The celebrities in LA lead the front of the protests to protect the rest of the peaceful protesters.
Pop-up drive-in theaters, since pop-up stores are out of the question for now.
If you lose an election you can legally declare "best two out of three"
Double Sided Bagels
A "right to know" bot on reddit that replies to every link with a list of that sites trackers and data grabbers
Saw type scenario: You and a random FEMALE are kidnapped. An NFL combine type 40 yard dash station is set up. Your life relies on this randomly selected female to run a 40 yard dash in under 6 seconds (athletic shoes provided). She gets two tries, what are your chances of surviving?
If you are someone who doesn't wear a mask or socially distance and then you get sick with COVID19 you should not be eligible for hospital treatment. Those beds are valuable and should be saved for intelligent people.
All people who are falsely convicted of crimes should be allowed to commit ‘safe’ crimes with sentences equal to the time they had been imprisoned.
Considering a large number of people eat ass, we should rate people’s butts on a Michelin star basis.
A comic series about a hipster bartender/mixologist themed supervillain named The Muddler. His weapon is a giant cocktail muddler.
A pixel art cartoon series
We bring back crucifixion
A Bugs Bunny episode where he is an auschwitz prisoner and he pulls antics on Antisemite Sam who goes "oooooooh I hates that jewish rabbit!"
Make the British Royal Crown A Literal. Rather Than Symbolic, Source of Power. No More Lines of Succession Royalty is Controlled By Literally Wearing a Royal Crown. If You Can Manage to Steal the Crown and Put in On Your Head, You Are Now the British Monarch.
The United States government should officially decree a new standard for the Confederate flag. Make it a white flag of surrender.
Pave the entire planet with nice, smooth asphalt; including the oceans
Social media platforms should form political parties.
Add a feature in Google/Apple Maps that allows you to rate a person's driving based on their license plate number
We should abolish all gun control members and replace them with a single requirement: all gun owners have to serve in a local militia.
They should make a website that’s like Urban Dictionary called Rural Dictionary that shows the definitions of country slang.
A new Goonies movie but about one eyed Willy
Instead of using wheelchairs, people with quadriplegia and similar maladies should just walk on their hands wherever they go.
An AI that trims or extends versions of popular loopable (disco/EDM/whatever) songs and posts them to media sites in an effort to figure out what the exact most-appealing length is for a given song.
Not sure if this has been said before but: an app lock feature
An app that will track your beet consumption and send you a reminder so you don’t freak out and think you’re dying when you do a number two.
Reddit announced its plan to go remote. In the same spirit, I created a free list of remote jobs which are independent of locations across companies like GitHub, Shopify, Twitch and other 2750 Remotists companies.
Make an episode on the Simpsons were everyone is super happy and life is a utopia with no problems and maybe that would come true in the future!
You should be able to file a claim for a username from accounts no longer active.
Self moderated social media.
Once the the pandemic has become become almost completely lessened to the point of not be too much of a threat anymore, make all cities around the world a giant party ground and make all the restaurants, and clubs, and also make all food and drinks cost 1 dollar.
Have unemployed theater actresses for a fee dress up as your high school girlfriend and go out to dinner and movie with you
Car that will work on the power of radioactive fuel. I wonder how fast it can be.
My phone's data slows down when I hit a certain point. I think it'd be rather cool to have the option to use slower data at any point, to preserve my faster connection for more important moments
Free therapy with micropayments
Upgrade your belly button so that when pressed it orders you a delivery of diet coke.
Film idea: a group of supervillains take a long overdue summer vacation. When they arrive, someone is trying to ruin all the fun at the resort. They decide to save the day.
Mini anti air defence turrents for home that takes out mosquitoes and other flying buggers with ammo that dissolves quickly.
VISUAL AID - The app that let's you watch video ads for charity, run by a non-profit
Completely taking into consideration the conservation of energy couldn’t we find a way to harness a small percentage of the kinetic speed force of our planet soaring through space at 200,000mph+ ?
Put the upvotes on the right.
A car that can set your seat placement, climate control and radio based on the connected cell phone
Have a kind of test olympics competition. Trans female athletes vs born female. See indeed if the trans woman have an advantage and how much.
There should be a reality TV series based on how big pf a thing can you steal
Foam parties. The new way to rave.
Long range wireless charging
A drug that prevents your from procrastinating.
A showerhead that automatically drained and deactivated itself after a shower
After the turmoil of the 2020, it is time to adopt a government that truly reflects 21st century American values. No longer will the standard be "one man, one vote." Henceforth, our foundational philosophy will be "one pound, one vote." Votes will be factored by body weight. All hail the obesarchy!
Politicians list SPECIFICALLY what they are going to accomplish so we can see how they did at the end
spatuspoon.
What if changes were made to popular sports’ rules every few years, to change the “meta”?
Google search results that fade the more you've clicked on them
Everyone should start calling Corona Virus "Trump Plague"
Everyone should apply to be a police officer and become the majority over what we have now.
Hotel/bar idea
If you’re single, buy meals for two and sit down on footpath beside a homeless man, handover half to him and eat peacefully. Do this just once a week.
With all that is going on, limit mail delivery in the US to 3 days a week.
Make your dad a fresh batch of chocolate chip cookies as a way to let him know how much you care about him.
Knitted mountain hats.
We make renewable energy viable and acceptable to the everyday person by creating energy through oral sex robots that produce energy through head/tongue movement.
Crowdfunding
New computers should be required to have "Any" silkscreened on the space bar.
Police who kill should be fired regardless of circumstances. If it's a life or death scenario, then surely your life is worth more than your job.
Start "the Church of Money Laundering" as a hip edgy joke (except it's not a joke).
A jump rope that harnesses kinetic energy inside of the handles, essentially being batteries that can be used to power and charge electronics.
There should be a day which everybody in a country turn their lights off at the same time so the milky way and all the constellations make a jumpscare
Calomel and Methylen-blue to have delaying effect, potential for new research for these treatments.
yogurt squirter
Why don’t we have a silent microwave?
Start a group for anti-time zone changers! Everyone stay one hour back and disregard the forward time.
A contestant show where one of the jurors is a dog. The number one rule is that anyone can claim that the dog said something and you can never contradict anyone on what the dog said.
Make a subreddit where you post something and the people in the comments will recommend subreddits which would fit your post.
For legal reasons this is just a thought from a shower
Remake the Spongebob movie, but Dennis accepts the Goober dollars and leaves.
We send off 2020 june 30 . july 1st we start 2021. I know the logistics of this will be difficult. But we did it for Y2K and we are much closer to the world ending today than we were in 99'. Idk if the year 2020 is the cause. But its worth a try.
Not allow politicians to get more than minimum wage jobs after office so instead they are forced to live on the minimum wage and/or government provided welfare
Stalk this guy and swarm him with bees on his 36th birthday.
A fantasy based MMO game where every npc and all fire blazing big ass dragon bosses would be called simple names like John, Marie and James.
Instead of covid stimulus money, government should subsidize all the free cheese you want on your burgers
All the things you thought were illegal as a kid (cutting paper with sowing scissors, driving with the light on, removing mattress tags) are actually illegal and heavily punished.
Our 2nd adventure of Nature Boys Moncton Hope you enjoy and feel free to subscribe if you do :-). Be safe everyone.
Have the WWE sign on Ethan and Keemstar and promote their rivalry by making them duke it out in the ring
Reese’s Pieces and M&amp;Ms put together
Hear me out, Game of Thrones Season 8: Brotherhood.
So, people think that the top of the society is just useless leeches sitting on heritage...
Create a subreddit to simulate a truman show environment by following a user around on reddit and trying to mess with them subtly.
A reddit feature that blocks access to all new content until you have read and gone through all the posts you keep saving.
Remember StreetPass from the Nintendo DS? Someone should just make an app/game just like that for mobile phones
PornocchioGive us more spot to explore
Protesters should dress like the "federal agents" arresting citizens.
An Battering Ram
Nasa needs to release flat earth pictures on April 1st
We should all stop showering / wearing deodorant to encourage social distancing.
What if the government bought everyone nice comfortable hazmat suits and we go back to regular life for two weeks in a hazmat suit
What if kids would be taught art in digital media too, for example illustrator. They would have all the shapes and colors they want. Imagine how creative they would be, and how good they eventually would become.
Pod storage containers used as a hotel. Pod Hotel
Everyone who owns a Tesla, should sell their Tesla to invest in Tesla
Mandalorian satnav: Instead of telling you the directions you guess and then after it says "this is the way" or "this is not the way"
Workforce rotation: deal with long term unemployment by forcing organizations with more than, let''s say 1,000 employees, hire every year people who have been long-term unemployed or underemployed (low income per year, either because the job doesn't pay well or enough hours).
If the stores had to all shut down during this pandemic and start selling things through street vendors, what kind of items would you feel comfortable buying in such fashion?
L33t timekeeping method
Add as standard equipment on cars with GPS an alarm that goes off when they exceed the local speed limit for more than a few seconds, or goes 5 mph over for any length of time.
When daylight savings time comes ignore it and when anybody questions you just say it is your constitutional right
For April 1st turn Karma into "Bitch Points" and make those points a permanent stamp on their profile.
Observation and Measurement in QM is DEAD
An event where all of the worlds leaders gather and participate in team building exercises (e.g. escape room etc.) to increase better relations between countries.
Books that switch to audio when your eyes get tired.
Windex should try and cash in on the current craze of American stupidity and start marketing as a sports drink.
A website like IMDB but for music. So you can easily find other music by songwriters or producers you enjoy as well as the artists.
Enable facial-recognition AI to identify faces in any orientation by rotating the source
a maximum total years a person can be a cop, to make them feel less loss in the possibility they disobey orders such as to kill a bunch of protesters as they are less afraid of getting fired
Build Better Websites &amp; Funnels Free...
Maybe aliens haven't invaded earth because they were forced to flee their planet which met a doom like earth will, living in space from generation to generation thus adapting to zero gravity and evolving being unable to withstand gravity at all.
Have players in certain sports (Football, Soccer, Baseball, etc.) wear masks during the entire game. A team with a player that takes their mask off gets a penalty, and whichever team has the most players conscious by the end wins.
Your upvote counts double if you downvote right before upvoting. Feel the joy of watching the Karma count increase by 2 instead by 1.
Liberals exercise their power through popular support in a way that upsets conservatives, just like conservatives do through outdated political systems. By refusing to convict the perpetrators of crimes against conservatives.
AB-177 1/12
Use deep fake technology to match lips to the dub, it would make watching foreign movies and shows much easier.
Maybe white people shouldn't sing any songs by anyone who isn't white.
A drug dealer 101 handbook called “things you deal with when you’re dealing”
Annual quarantine week to educate people about the dangerous of the pandemics.
Add an extra “g” to Niger.
We should change the phrase “gender reveal” to “genital reveal”.
World leaders should be killed after their terms are up.
Duolingo but for accents. If I want to master an English accent, the process would be the same as learning a language.
a reality show where a church of god and church of satan are both overcrowded and have to share the same space at the same time
Guys who are trying to get laid should just hold "porn auditions", have sex with the applicants, then reject them saying they weren't good enough.
Public health not being politicized so that the public stops fighting one another and gets actual change made
A mall starts adopting stray dogs. They are trained to greet the visitors and learn the stores' names, so they can guide visitors to the correct stores when asked.
A horror game where you are being pursued by two floating hands. You have access to a plethora of weapons and gear to fend them off – and you have a good chance to win a lot. But no matter how many times you win, the hands will keep returning over and over and over, until they manage to kill you.
You can’t resell stock you bought for at least a year.
Even poorest countries can do this on their own to end hunger now (proof at end of post)
Instead of clip shows, TV shows should just dub over old public domain footage with the characters voices
Capitol Police officer killed, another injured after suspect rams car into police barrier outside building
Sea Shanty version of flash mobs
Outlaw all forms of war except either peaceful negotiation or dumping buckets of poop on eachother by the fleet of helicopters carrying it. So far, I've never heard of anyone dieing of that, at least not right away.
A money collector and investor
a library that prints whatever book you want but makes it automatically catch on fire on the due date so other people are allowed to get another printed copy without breaking copyright law
use the car manufacturing plant assembly lines to treat corona patients
All apps should have a "Never start if I don't start you" option.
A mash up of Photograph by Nickelback with Photograph by Def Leppard with Photograph by Ed Sheeran
An American news source where only exact facts are given.
a thank you for old comment threads that won't let you upvote due to it being archived or too old.
Everyone has to change their last name to the company they work for.
Move Independence Day to "the first Friday in July"
Build a power plant like in the black mirror 15 million merits.
A government run taxi service called Crazy Taxi. They get you to where you need to be as fast as possible, can break any traffic law and are immune from police.
Instead of endlessly debating each other, candidates should be forced to work a shift at Mcdonald’s on hidden camera.
Wanna learn a new language? Knock yourself out first!
there should be a "two cents" subreddit where people share their two cents when they dont know on which subreddit they should post it
Introduce international law on UN level that will make any company switch to new and better technologies at some point - "Switch Law".
quick idea: armor that's just 3 barrels put together with spikes. 3 people are crouched inside shooting automatics. when the barrel is worn out, the 3 people emerge from the barrels, and continue fighting.
The “Trap Toilet” a very large, very high flow toilet to ditch your drugs in the event of a police raid.
A button for when you accidentally get sucked back to the top of reddit, but it takes you to the last post you upvoted to encourage it more
Hand sanitizer that smells like Drakar Noir.
allow usa citizens to officially vote on anything, but just to count and display the results with no legal effect, so instead of a civil war possibly popping up, people can advocate for voting on some thing or another to see how many would support their rebellion, then they wont have to rebel
Make a Coca Cola variety pack
Replace your teeth with magnets that repel each other and never bite your tongue again.
"Among Us" - Celebrity Edition. Watch famous people play in a room together.
A subreddit for people who don't have an internal monologue.
Cell phone with removable batteries so you don't have to buy a new phone when the battery only lasts 20 minutes
"Get drunk later" pills. Capsules filled with 100-proof whiskey with a time-release. Take a bunch of them, and when they hit your stomach an hour later you get intoxicated.
An international treaty that mandates use of only water guns and pillow fights as ammunition.
Build a snowman around a wooden or metal frame that looks like a skeleton. When the snowman melts, the skeleton is left behind, scaring kids passing by.
Make the best power-ups in phone games drain battery faster, encouraging players to stay home with the phone plugged in.
netflix should create a game show where invites are sent out to users based on what shows they binge watch (heavily). when a user makes it on to the game show, they are then put through obstacles that are similar to the show they binge.
Police crime reporting hotlines should dispatch an officer to the caller to stab them as a reminder that snitches get stitches.
New product in the supermarket: “Vinegar With Attitude”
Make game end an official term for dying
Probably not a chicken original but here goes my brain...
A vote by email system, requiring multiple forms of government ID and human sacrifice to Fivey Fox
telling my daughter i love her
Clothing companies should make microfiber clothes so we can just wipe our glasses onto our clothes.
1 word: potato ice cream
National Face reveal day where we all see what we look like without a facemask. (Once it's safe)
The World takes off every 4 or 5 years to kill flu and covid strains
The dry fruit industry should take the pistachios out of their shells before roasting and salting them.
A game show where two contestants pilot tiny drones equipped with lasers through a human body. Whoever zaps the most cancer / virus cells wins.
Gilbert Gottfried sings Call Me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsen
HBO’s Osmosis Jones
A version of Reddit without having to see any political posts or subreddits
A punishment for prisoners- make them listen to pop goes the weasel on loop but before the ending comes the song starts all over again.
Save money by using the back of an old Xerox copy for the new copy.
We can have an analogue (loudly ticking) wall clock that has a camera in front. When someone raises a hand infront of it, it stops (silence all around). Then, when someone snaps, it restarts but speeds up to make up for the lost time (and the tick tocks speed up as well).
Just shut the fuck up about political correctness and make masks with confederate flags, masks with guns, masks with lynchings. That would attract some of the people resisting them to wear them.
We need to find a word to describe the "when quarantene finally will ends..." concept.
Force every single person to work remotely from home.
Use the happy birthday music for all holidays lacking a unique melody
A movie where Dr. Jekyll is a dentist and Mr. Hyde runs around knocking people's teeth out.
General Artificial Intelligence already exists. It created Bitcoin under a human alias in order to grow larger and more distributed. It is helping Neuralink advance it’s technology in order to be able to control humans directly.
We make chairs that taze you every hour so you get your heart rate up and so you move more
Put a QR code on each Public Servant's outfit that pulls up their entire independently verified record when scanned..
Require that all thermometers must display temperatures in both Fahrenheit and Celsius, so that everyone will know both scales and everyone will shut the fuck up about it.
There should be a "Buy Tomorrow" button on retail websites
Freeze Sperm and Eggs from everyone, when they hit 17. Put the samples in one of those big Scandinavia Seed vaults.
50 US states and 5 US territories, but with relegation and promotion. Each state and territory is assigned a score based on quality of life metrics. Examples: schools, health, economy, etc. Every 7 years the worst 2 states would become territories and the best 2 territories would states.
Put a, "Did you wear a mask during the pandemic?" on every application
With the amount of cooking videos and recipes there are, Facebook should add a “yummy” reaction button.
Imagine calling myself Sole Master the Toe Pimp.
Use the propaganda and misinformation already available to grift those susceptible, then use those funds to help them
Amazon should have a service (they should do it for free but I'd be wrong to pay like a dollar extra a month or someting) where when they deliver your order they take your boxes from previous orders
Heelies, but sideways
Crazy Hacks for Cleaning Shower!
YouTube Should Add Filter Button In Comment Section.
I made a new sport idea, It combines 3 sports together I hope ya'll like it!
Microwave of the future
Since children often try to act like a grown ups, we should have adult life simulators for kids to make them more responsible citizens in the future.
A porno, but instead of any sex; dildos are installed in all chairs and the plot is just a regular atomic families day to day life.
Pineapple flail. A flail that uses a pineapple.
Get your dick completely tattooed to look like Pickle Rick.
A drug that places you directly into the muppets universe.
Fast food chains should identify their packaging with the time and place of purchase so they be traced back to the individual and location responsible for their litter - People could scan litter with apps and report them.
A movie where the protagonist is from the future and needs to deliver a dire message to the present to prevent a horrible fate, but for some reason is only able to do so in the form of a hidden message inside penis enlargement spam Emails.
Site that will paraphrase youtube videos into "saved you a click" style format
Each country changes their national anthem to be similar to a Haka war chant. At 5pm each Friday, each country will collectively shout their chant, as a team-building activity that brings us closer together. It will be televised, and news anchors will be shouting too.
Voters should be allowed to know any information about political candidates that businesses are allowed to know about job candidates.
Start a cooking channel with recipes from popular shows but all recipes are from the "Binging with Banish" show.
The satanic church should run an orphanage for babies unable to be aborted due to religious laws, then proceed to raise those children as satanists.
How a Doomsday Machine might work
There should be an emoji with blood coming out of its ears to send to Soundcloud rappers who try and get you to listen to their music.
Hot dog but very loooong hotdog like at least 10 feet big
Bedrooms should be on the first floor, and the kitchen and living rooms should be in the 2nd floor. So that in case of fire at night, people can more easily escape.
VR body suit, but especially for adult games.
On April 1st The Chinese government make an announcement saying April fools. And the virus subsides.
A bronze award that you can give out for free once a month.
Time travel experiments
Building Courses for ALL_ROUND Development of Children
Its an add, but all of the people in the add are you, your friends, and your family to make the adds more personal.
A reddit filter that targets narcissists
5 Loko
Create a group and start a "shit pants" fund. Everyone donates $1 per month. The first person to shit their pants and sends proof gets to cash out.
If you pay for Hypercam 2, there should be an option to add a 'Registered Hypercam 2' watermark to your video
move away blacks in USA?
Instead of war, country leaders should fight each other (like UFC or boxing) this would save millions of lives.
Sell "The Richest Idiot" award for $100,000,000. It would be a plastic trophy that anyone could buy, and it's only purpose would be to show who is the most cavalier millionaire. Donate the money to charity
Popcorn that pops with a lot of bass.
Every school should teach sign languagen to the students so thah everyone can understand each other.
A sitcom set in the 80s where a group of bumbling CIA agents come up with terrible ideas to assassinate Fidel Castro and it always blows up in their face
Allow investors to invest in and launch public projects, and give them a share of the savings.
Introduce the risks of dihydrogen monoxide to President Trump and his fan club.
Skip April Fool's day, don't be an asshole for no reason this year.
Reddit should make an option to have your “saved” posts/comments sorted by subreddit
A 1980's style interracial buddy cop movie where both officers are from a segregated town. They learn to overcome their superficial differences, become best friends, and get a medal from the mayor for beating up and killing a record number of black people.
get200$free for amazon gift card
Airplane toilets should put huge gaps around the doors as public restroom cubicles often do, so that people will be dissuaded from taking drugs in the toilet.
On January 1st 2021, every national border ceases to exist.
San Antonio should start a coffee chain and call it Tim Duncan’s
Upload porn videos with jumpscares editted into them.
A movie called "Karens on Ketamine"
Hoedown: a TV show where 2+ women compete in different brawls/tasks for a sexy night with one of the hottest men.
Starship &amp; Starlink need a cryptocurrency
A website for people with one leg to exchange the spare shoe they don’t need for their good foot. Not only would it reduce wastage, they’ll get twice the bang for their buck
A phone,but the phone is as thin and flexible as paper
Open a marching band themed bar/nightclub called "Hornpub."
LET'S HELP THIS GUY GET A DATE W/Miranda Cosgrove
My new show Basketball COURT...watch as legal justice is dealt the way it SHOULD be...
There Should be a Random Episode Option on Netflix
What if we agreed on a standard world time
A new form of government
Build a ‘revolution department’ to oversee the government development in an agile way instead of been driven by riots or wars. For example, Constantly evolving police department, judiciary system instead of always falling behind.
what if, on a sub-photonic level, all photons are actually photondogs following an even smaller photonneis ball
With the world starting to go into “lockdown”, cancel all world debt while we’re at it and come out the other side to a nicer fairer society.
A gender-neutral urinal that allows men and women to pee standing up
Lets get #NewsomCuomoYaoi trending on twitter
The Government makes an app that connects to your bank and tracks your location. For 14 days, if you quarantine and only go to essential locations, you get a large monetary payment at the end.
Release the Back to the Future Eric Stoltz cut!
How far could I reasonably be expected to throw the Eiffel Tower?
Rename the corona virus to Kung Flu
A documentary on things that don’t exist
A retractable metal tape measure calibrated in [Biblical/Talmudic units(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biblical_and_Talmudic_units_of_measurement) such as palms, spans, and cubits.
CHOOSE A SCRIPT, A DIRECTOR, ACTORS FOR A NEW MOVIE!
Conscripted politicians
If you need free $100 CVS giftcards, email me at Faresgalouch98@gmail.com
Pre-Toasted Pop-Tarts
A U.S. Hospital with Drive Thru menu of Sticker Prices
The Fortnite player who got banned for cheating should be allowed back in, but with a permanent in-game disability
New startup seeks to develop alternative spacecraft propulsion system.
What if Google Maps sent you a message when you approach a busy area? Or had suggestions for unpopular places?
Here is a MASSIVE list of porn movie names I have compiled over the last 2 years...
1: Earth is getting hotter. 2: Space is extremely cold. 1 + 2 = Bring a little piece of space into the earth’s atmosphere and solve the problem already
A real-life survival game where a virus is taking over and infecting the world. The theme of the game will be that, to survive, you must practice social distancing - so your character basically stays indoors and you don't even pick up the controller.
Donald Trump and the eventual Democratic nominee should have a live round table discussion with no audience, no moderator and no one else in the room besides a film crew.
Everyone write-in Jack Black for President
An annual holiday for Doctors, in which they all take the day off and we have to fend for ourselves.
Sony headphones should connect to a PS4.
Be able to watch TV only when you exercise
Have the Presidential Candidates debate while they are being shot at by Potato Guns.
We should invade and annex parts of Cyprus so they have to change their flag.
A K-Pop cover of N.W.A.'s Fuck Tha Police
If we got rid of all laws there would be no crime because it's not a crime if it's not a law.
Dr. Salt
Hand sanitizer with massive amounts of capsaicin (or hot sauce) so people stop touching their face.
A game where you create a parallel universe every time you're killed. After completing the game you have to go back to every timeline and fix it.
Prove that the US election system is broken.
Hire very ugly models, &amp; market them wearing your competitors clothes.
SpaceX's first working Starship should be named "Jefferson."
No no no pls
Gamer tech start measuring lag in lightmeters such as 1 millisecond is 300,000 meters, and 1 lightfoot is about 1 nanosecond. Saying the same number in lightmeters, when its low enough, may sound more impressive than it translated to milliseconds. HDMI screen refresh 37.5 million lightmeters (60 hz)
People designing things for usability, should test them with people that are stoned. If it’s easy to do when you’re stoned, it’ll be even easier to do when you’re not.
lets let people turn into fossols when they die so if we ever all go extinct we can leave stuff for the next people to find!
Send Donny to Iran as a gift, and then hold the elections. Poof! No more WW3 !
Strap the Ever Given with carbon nanotube lines to gigantic rockets and then lift it up to make it right
If we nuke and destroy the atmosphere we will solve light pollution
The US National Guard should protect protestors from Police brutality
Using a build-a-bear stuffing machine for taxidermy
Bill Gates, Jeff Bezos, Elon Musk and Warren Buffet should form a coalition and become the government board of directors. Then they should find a CEO who would be the president.
2 meters = 1 covid
Give tax payers the right to choose what their tax dollars actually fund.
The Amish all work for the FBI and they have cellphones too!
A show set in a multiverse and each episode looks at the same day but in a different multiverse. So it's the same setup for every episode but different scenarios play out.
PICO: GROW A HOME GARDEN ON YOUR PALM! | Gizmo Hub
Investigate Trump any time he accuses the Democrats of doing something illegal.
Chanel Little Black Nightie
Why don't we use exercise bikes in gyms to harvest electrical energy?
Twink wrestling
Presidential candidates should receive the exact same amount of money, TV time &amp; advertising opportunities which is set by an independent panel, meaning equal exposure to the public and would force candidates to run on policy ideas &amp; would limit the reach of big corporations
A Celebrities Read Mean Tweets (Like the ones in Jimmy Kimmel), but with DR FAUCI reading TRUMP's tweets
Solution to Covid19
If some super genius created the ultimate dating app that could unite everyone with their ideal partner it could be the best way to achieve world peace
The ATF should rename themselves the Bureau of Drugs and Guns
Teachers in high school and college must complete a semester of school before being allowed to teach
Have NASA deploy rovers at investment offices to search for funding.
For apartments and other types of rental homes, add a section about the sensitivity of the fire alarms
Train AI models with the reddit comments and autogenerate deleted comments based on the replies and parent thread.
Print the letters of every book in phosphorus so you can read it in the dark without any light
Hold an election to decide which actor will play the role of the President in all movies for the next four years
an alarm setting that gives me a small maths problem to turn it off
Chat Roulette for people with anxiety!
Give tax credits for continuing one's education
Instead of 'Do Not Pass' the street sign should say 'You Shall Not Pass'
Cops should serve for 3 years and face a community review / vote to determine their continued service or termination based on performance.
Biden should have a weekly podcast where he just kind of... talks about stuff. And he should give a guided video tour of the areas of the White House you'd usually see on a walk-through.
Take some of the water out of the ocean and put it into places where rivers once were that dried up
US superweapons used against their own citizens: what happened
Tax the tax return
When interviewing the president, pronounce it "President Chump". It sounds similar enough that you can deny it, but it will drive him insane.
Go get your mail completely naked
Rather than tell someone to "break a leg", do it yourself. Trust me they'll thank you later.
The federal reserve but for sperm banks
Meteorologists should have to issue public apologies similar to celebrities when they offend someone.
Need Information About SEO Back Links
Nacho flavored toothpaste
Combine Covid testing facilities with grocery store queues outside. Shop online while waiting. Those who test positive get sent home with their goods.
Stay home for healthcare.
Require a black box warning (like on cigarette boxes) for opinion shows that discuss the news... Maybe 'warning, this show is not legally required to present truthful information.' The host has to read it and display it full screen every 30 minutes.
Political parties are required to only discuss their platform and are prohibited from speaking on their opponent's platform. Maybe if they had to put the effort into backing their arguments with facts instead of bashing the other side, we might come out of the elections with a country less divided.
Redditors should date each other so no one is single anymore.
6 months after your birthday is your anti-birthday and this time you buy presents to everyone
Make a game similar to Plague Inc. but it helps scientists cure Corona in the background, so that you can make a pandemic and help cure one at the same time.
A Reddit daily use timerA fake chatroom where different religious extremists are lured in and there's an AI translator and it also changes the name of their god so everyone thinks they're talking to one of their own, but they're really not and when they see how similar we all really are inside we achieve world peace.
Florida Man the movie
A career system where instead of getting paid based on job, everyone is paid the same base amount but you pay for every mistake you make
Use compressed time Virtual Reality to train your brain to think faster
Get a second mailbox and sign up for an enormous amount of spam mail. Use it to heat your house in the winter.
Walk up to random adults on the street and start talking to them like you would a baby or puppy. "Who is such a good little boy? You, yes you are you little munchkin!"
The Olympics but it's only people who started training later in life
We decriminalize and legalize sex workers world-wide and pay for their college tuitions as long as they major in human psychology (or whatever is relevant to the point of this post) so that they have a legal right to legally report “true crazies” vs a random person that needed a really good lay!Vinareta RT - Program for android
Make steaming services like Netflix have 2 options when you create an account: a free one or a paid one, this would be a thing as long as the paid accounts are more than the free one, if the free ones are more then only paid accounts would be accepted again
Make police body cams open source
People have hair like spider webs, except how spiders can produce multiple types of silk, different people only have one type of spider-web silk hair
Live mobile-"Hibachi chef"-style cooking on board a plane.
Texting drivers should lose their liscense
Contextual prime directive
r/coronavirus should be quarantined
Only women get to vote about the right to abortion.
Watch the movie "Groundhog Day" on an endless loop
Scratch &amp; Sniff Porn
Search People From Facebook by photo
Someone has to climb everest and jack off.
Mayan Calendar 2.0
Someone should make one of those running mobile games with the main character as Trump and he’s chasing down the secret votes in each State. He dodges the irs, judges, and other things only to reach the end of the level and be told the votes for that state are accurate.
Make it illegal to pronounce gif as jif
Social Media is a weapon of mass destruction, but in the hands of all the people!
Gem&amp;m’s. M&amp;M’s in the shape of gemstones. Either that or they put a diamond in some random candies as a prize.
I don’t want to wade into this Black Lives Matter/All Lives Matter debate until I don’t have to spend any part of my day trying to convince myself that My Life Matters
Live like Daylight Savings never happens and just correct everyone else if they try to say otherwise.
Disappear all porn everywhere (every magazine, dirty selfies, polaroids, online pics/videos on every server in the world) today. And watch society fall into chaos tomorrow.
If your phone dies while you're asleep, the alarm should go off early.
A website where you can look through another real person’s search history.
GTA V -- IN REAL LIFE
Democrats take over rural states
A social media where you're not allowed to wear makeup or edit pics, has to be totally natural or you can't post it, also no one acts fake like "aw I'm so ugly" fishing &amp; limited space to type..
Blood banks should offer free haircuts whilst people are donating blood
Kidz Bop should help educate kids about racist policing by releasing a cover of N.W.A.'s "Fuck tha Police" called "Fix tha Police".
Make Dootdoot Band the new Rick Roll
Mix up the viking from the Capitol with "Let it go" from frozen
The Value Of Anger: How To Use Anger To Change Your Life
А subreddit called optimizemylife where someone shares an aspect of their life and everyone in the comments tries to make it as efficient as possible.
All large corporations should be required by law to hold a 3 to 6 month Emergency Fund to cover operating expenses. No More Bailouts.
Keep the government out of porn regulation - anything goes
If every person in the world didn't break a single law for 2 weeks the entire legal and policing system would collapse
Start a movement to rate things backwards on Yelp (great reviews are 1-star, terrible reviews are 5). If enough people start doing it, the rating system will be completely pointless, since you won't be able to tell if a rating is "old scale" or "new scale," and 3 stars could mean literally anything.
I had a few crazy ideas, one of which was to start a podcast about them
Find a random post on r/test and just flood it with awards and upvotes
Tylenol with a microdose of LSD.
This is a great time to hold an accurate census
Change the start of Fall from Sept 22 to the day after you have a full week of chilly weather
A navigation app that gives routes based on how comfortable you are with illegal maneuvers. Level 1 is just like Google Maps (safe but slow), Level 2 has you taking illegal turns and using bus lanes, Level 3 recommends driving over sidewalks, through public parks, wrong way down one-way streets etc
The next corona relief package gives a small monthly stipend to buy pornograohy to relieve anxiety.
They say that Corona dies at 77 degrees for 15 minutes, if everyone turns their heat up to 80 degrees for 1 hour it should kill the virus on everyone
Go to a protest naked to show how vulnerable you are &amp; how police abuse their power
Treat others the way you wanted to be treated
Provide elder asian people apple watches (or similar tech watches) when they go outside with fall detection enabled to help catch these “asian people hate” events going on lately.
A Massive Earth exoskeleton to solve all our problems and remove industries from the surface.
Bruh traps
medicine or vaccine to make viruses return to its first stage
Establish a permanent settlement at Challenger Deep
A game like Plague Inc, but instead of controlling the virus you control the United States during the age of Covid
Home Depot should start selling beer.
All non-Trump supporters should just move out of the country and let the Trump supporters have the country and run it the way they want. See how it works out for them in a few months/years.
Once a covid vaccine is released we should all start rumors about postive side effects.
Face masks but they cover your entire face.
Put a mutual sink outside of restrooms to socially shame people into washing their hands
Reboot Hammerman on the CW
111 Fancy Text Generator - 𝓢𝓽𝔂𝓵𝓲𝓼𝓱, 𝕮𝖔𝖔𝖑 &amp; Crazy Text 📝 Free Online For Social Media Platforms ✅
I made a secret society to support a charity
Drug Religion
Have the Olympics in 2020. But the only sport is hide and seek. Every country and person is now an Olympian. Everyone that competes gets a gold medal.
A charity whose sole purpose is to collect money to be used for buying out politicians and out-lobbying corporate interests.
A device that connects to your bladder and constantly vaporizes your urine into the surrounding air, so you never have to pee
Gambling addition hotline. Every tenth caller gets $1000
A shot for shot remake of the matrix starting the muppets. Kermit is neo fozzie is morpheus. Agent smith is played by animal
They should make bubble wrap with fragrant air.
A police department could comprised of two groups of officers: one based on customer service, and the other based on intervention and use of force.
Once a year all MLB teams play a bunting only game
A show where sexually open-minded celebrities read "so bad its hilarious" fanfics about them and comment whether they will do it or not, criticize, pinpoint myths etc
Snoopswap Finance - $WEED Token
144p 60fps YouTube videos
An Objective Maturity Test that measures how mature an individual is. This test would replace the age minimums for certain laws. Purchasing drugs,guns, or alcohol would be based off your maturity score.
An instagram story filter, that puts your face back on your face, so you can record with your mask on. Target group: Influencer.
Make voting ballots 10 times longer by printing a different 9 other randomly generated fake names of fake candidates who dont exist, along side every candidate whose name is on the ballot, in case people dont even know who they want to vote for, 90% of them are weeded out
Everyone who got screwed by the plague out of a birthday, wedding, bar mitzvah, etc. should join forces and throw one big kick-ass party after we fix this shit.
A video game based on the top posts from subs like r/BossFight, r/ItemShop, r/BossFightArena, etc
Shoot endangered animals with viagra filled tranquilizer darts so they mate more.
Adults with disabilities being treated like actual adults
Tremors 7: Written by Joss Whedon, directed by Christopher Nolan, starring Kevin Bacon, Charlize Theron, Meryl Streep, Neil Patrick Harris and of course, Micheal Gross.
A button on a key fob that lets you roll up the windows when you've forgotten to do it before you got out.
Get a QR code of Never Gonna Give You Up, and spray paint it, have stickers, cover up restaurant QR codes, school QR codes, put it everywhere.
Joe Rogan, Guga Foods, and Binging with Babish have a cook off for charity.
Whenever you see an ad online and you’re actually tempted to buy it, find one from a different company instead to spite them.
Movie theathers play commercials nonstop instead of the actual movie on april 1st
All fines in life should be based on percentages of total yearly income.
Companies that can't keep up with demand for essential products during a pandemic should lose their patents until they can. Here's looking at you Lysol
Savory cereal
Interesting facts about life in Indonesia. Main differences with Europe 😊🌼
Give the Trumps their own Www.Creedthoughts.Gov.Www/creedthoughts
Have cops face double the jail sentence when they commit crimes. They know the laws better than we do.
Soda vending machines that allow you to use your own bottle (while you pay for quantity).
The DSCC has intentionally tanked Amy McGrath's senate bid at the primary stage so that the $10s of Millions in out of state online donations could be redirected to more competitive Senate races.
An “ice cream truck” for adults with a full bar inside, playing “Margaritaville” on a loop while it circles the neighborhood
Apple, the tech company, should sell the fruit in their stores and charge exorbitant prices for it
Is a coconut nut or a fruit??
gears or war game from the perspective of the villains
Share a cat with your neighbours, feed them equally and let it roam free within your little network. Share vet costs too, win win?
Make realistic resolutions, like don't kidnap anyone, and no peeing on electrical outlets.
Let starwars fans remake episode 7 of starwars with their own script
What if the coronavirus was a way for the Chinese Government to distract people from HongKong seeking independence
A store that only sells crack pipes
dishwasher designed like a kitchen sink. put dishes in the sink, close lid and turn washer mode on. after dry cycle unload sink. Or a standard dishwasher, that opens on the top just like a sink.
Coffins that automatically open (and go off the ground if they're buried) if there are signs of life inside them.
We Should Have a Digital Bill of Rights
Taco Bell orders should come with complimentary 2-ply toilet paper.
"Random" button for streaming services after you select a show so it will play a random episode from that show.
Demonetize every YT video where author asks for like, subscribe and bell
A self-deprecating garbage company with slogans like "we're garbage!" or "our service is trash!"
Anti-Karen Serum..Treating the untreatable.
Spend $100 million in Hollywood to make 'Three Emojis'. A shot for shot remake of Three Amigos except instead of live action actors, its emjois.
protect your privacy by not having health insurance and not telling any doctors your name or other personal info. that way if they come to take you away for having covid, they wont know your private medical info to do so.
Since the Bible is divinely inspired, sign God's name in it and sell autographed copies. You can say you were divinely inspired to do so, and it will be totally legit.
A review website, like Trip Advisor... For the public toilets of Bristol
Pick one day a year on which everybody agrees to comment on internet posts only if they have something nice to say.
Convert most police officers to a publicly funded emergency medical service.
Empty out animal shelters and do a battle royale PPV event streaming online with multiple camera angles. The room gets smaller as time goes on, there can also be an event with 0 light and night vision cameras.
Spider-Man Web Fluid
Moving a ton of homeless encampments as close to Mar-a-Lago as possible.
I am working on a very useful dictionary that systematically summarizes the subs. (Japanese Chinese translations are included) Please use and share it if you like.
Anti racism and anti Trump protestors in the US should all carry the flag and shout "WE are America!" to take away the patriotic narrative from the ultra right and show what the US really is about.
Measure your use of shampoo based on hair length, hair growth rate, price of shampoo, and price of a haircut, and calculate the most cost-effective time to get a haircut.
For the rescheduled Tokyo Olympics, stagger the starting line for events, depending on each county's per capita COVID infection rate.
trying to piss without pooping
A service in which the clients are put into a drug induced coma for several months and treated with custom adjusted machines that provide tube feeding and the mechanical flexibility of joints and tendons while steroid supported electro-stimulation build a muscular body. "Comatoned".
People posting original posts instead of stealing posting the same thing someone else did 5 minutes prior for online points.
A musical version of Dune based on songs from “Sound of Music”
As a quarantined "working from home" parent of a two year old can we develop a kid safe chloroform? Naptime is now junior.
A live horror show using stage tricks such as the Pepper’s Ghost effect and surround sound to fully immerse the viewers into the creepy experience.
Car tires should have large stripes across the tread so people at intersections can tell whether you are moving or stopped by looking at.your tires
Solve the problem of police racism and use of force by requiring all current and future officers to pass a rigorous phrenological analysis.
"Was this helpful?" as-a-service (collect feedback on your website)
Rather than voting in a single executive branch administration to call all the shots, have the citizens vote on the direction to take with different matters and implement them accordingly.
A social credit system is implemented in the US... For our politicians...
A digital picture frame that changes the picture slightly when nobody is in the room
Require all legal adults in the US to pass the citizenship test required for immigration before they can become eligible to be a citizen.A laser tag arena with an Amazon Alexa system that can hear you from anywhere in it.
Gaining citizenship in the U.S should be like a video game
The Pizza Van. A guy drives around in a van selling fresh pizza like the ice cream truck and you can wave him down like the peanut guy and you can download the app where you 'summon' the pizza master, the more people in your neighbor hood that summon him and the more likely they he arrives!
A "sarcasm" key, like the caps lock key, except it makes every other letter either lower case or capitalized.
A restaurant where you have to work a 1 hour shift, and then you become the customer and get the meal served to you by other future customers who are going through their 1 hour, before they get served by others whoa re going through their 1 hour...
Among Us but the goal is to find reasons to mutiny, persuade the crew that you should be the new captain, then keep the crew satisfied enough to not mutiny
Multiverse theory - thoughts on dust
To be registered to vote, one must also pass a general intelligence test.
Write off adrenaline pumping hobbies as “medical expenses” on your taxes
Drunk drivers are forced to watch people die in car crashes for 8 hours a day for however long the judge sees fit.
Anyone in favor of replacing "Okay boomer" with "Shut up Leonard"?
A self powering fan
What if this is all a simulation for the lone benefit of Donald Trump?
Fines should be a salary percentage
If our but crack was horizontal instead os being vertical every time we would run up then stairs our but cheeks would clap.
A definition bee, it's like a spelling bee but contestants have to define a given word instead
We should have a judgement system on reddit (and perhaps court) that uses no gender, sexuality or race.
Self powering gym
Let's agree to disagree, and combine Imperial and Metric into: THE I M P E T R I C SYSTEM! Celsenheit! Kilopounders! Yeet!
Standardized Covid-19 statistics by population density, rather than population
An auto correct that changes languages every time you bring up the keyboard.
I saw a post on here about paying prisons for time ex inmates stay out of going back. People pointed out the flaws so I’ll explain IMO a better solution.
Social media platforms should have a “notes” option when you unfollow or block that will remind you exactly why you unfollowed or blocked in the first place. That way you don’t waste your time in the future.
QR codes in gravestones: Transforming cemeteries into a digital age
make bubble wrap but put helium in the bubbles so when you're sending a parcel the bubblewrap lifts it up making it lighter meaning cheaper postage
Tongue condoms, so you dont have to taste your family's terrible cooking
A global zipline network, travel the world by cable.
What if we started paying Patreons and Onlyfans to people that need money for medical reasons like insulin for Diabetics
Nobody on Reddit is allowed to talk about Donald Trump for 24 hours.
Create a show that lets Republicans in Blue states and Democrats in Red states swap locations for a few weeks, a la Wife Swap.
United States: replace pro sports with a livestream of eSports pros playing sports games
I created an OnlyFans for my dog because he deserve to be a millionaire
A car with a special button that produces a repulsion field around the whole car. Press once for a single blast that pushes any objects within 0.75m of the car away, and hold for 1 second for a constant repulsion field that prevents any object from passing through the field.
A website for leg amputee’s to be able to exchange their spare shoe with other amputee’s so they’ll have two shoes for the remaining leg.
A printer that gives the message "the printer has enough ink". It needn't bother saying "the printer is low on ink" because that is the case 90% of the time.
A way to exit messaging group chats without notifying the rest of the participants that you're gone
YouTube show where someone never leaves the house
If you cause an accident, your license is suspended for as much time as you inconvenience other people.
fone ring. anser. god. he is doing the funk bonanza
Countries that have massive amount of forests should be paid by polluting countries for producing oxygen &amp; reducing carbon dioxide.
The Quibi of Books, with the quality of Netflox/HBO.
A VR Naruto Game where you actually need to learn the hand-signs to do jutsu.
Make the website Pornhub Facebook 2.0. It has profiles, comments, a message box, and some other things people may find useful.
Captain hook is the beast from beauty and the beast.
Functionnal wrist watch tatoo
Time travel wont be possible until we create a beacon blockchain system that constantly proves to other beacons that they exist and they have existed and will keep existing somewhere else. Then we can make a time machine that can communicate with the beacons to navigate through time and space.
A TV show like whose line is it anyways except the points DO matter, and whoever loses gets dropped into a pit of molten lava.
Options to choose for non-smoking car when use Uber, Lyft or other ride sharing services.
A single aisle grocery store
Teach people who've committed money crims or things along those lines (e.g drug dealers) economics and how to run an ethical trade.
I curated this epic House Music playlist!! From Progressive, Tech House, Deep House and Electro. My only purpose is to really make people get to know and enjoy house music, updated weekly, enjoy!
CVS should start printing their crazy-long receipts on toilet paper as a public service.
Play Michael Jackson's, "Heal the World" at any time during Biden's inauguration
A mouthpiece that translates your words in real time to someone who speaks another language
Making mass parkings outside the city ,that is conected with a bus that comes every 5min might help to overcome traffic jam inside a city.
Arrange the products in grocery stores alphabetically
Go back in time and rename it "The Berenstain Bears."
A cell phone you can use from anywhere (make phone calls in the car, send texts without wifi)
A tissue box where it’s easy to take out the first couple tissues.
Make camera-phones automatically switch between video and photo mode based on the rotation
Make all news illegal
Netflix makes a documentary or even a movie on how Netflix was started - there is so much material in that story.
What do you think of a "Fictional Red Room" ?
how about a gas pump thats controlled by an app
Indoor Positioning System for football games
make a real gun that looks like a nerf gun toy
test
A news channel with predictions for the stock market over the weather
The NBA should start the Playoffs in June, start 2020-21 season in August, and start Free Agency for 2020-21 now.
I don't know if you guys are ready for this... Chicken Nuggets... on... PIZZA! Yes, that's right. Crunchy tasty (baked) chicken nuggets then place on top of marinara sauce, then sprinkle with Parmesan, and top with Mozzarella = Chicken Parmesan Pizza!
Lawyers should earn less, the longer a case lasts. That way they would truely be dedicated to resolwing conflicts, rather that living off them.
They should make the last episode of every tv series terrible so we don’t get depressed that it’s over
an all you can eat delivery service just for fries - its cheap to produce, lots of people like it, and its the hardest part of a fast food meal to get right
Friendly Space Race
An ink stamp but it has tiny retractable pixel sized rectangles that can be adjusted according to whatever image file you put into it
Pre workout mix with vodka
People have gone from living with bugs all around them, to living with bugs out of site, to seemingly living without bugs around at all
A pure gold toilet paper holding rod that electrocutes whomever is holding it if it leaves the restroom.
If they made underwear that silenced farts entirely and contained the fart.. like diapers but not for the... usual containment..
5G is getting terrible press, let's start calling it Coronaphona instead
A brand of beer in which each can/bottle comes with 1 cigarette.
Instead of having daylight savings, change the time a little bit each day to match the sunset
Attach collection units on the rear ends of cattle to collect the methane they produce, then sell the methane to natural gas companies
"Lived, laughed, loved" bumper stickers for coffins.
Bring back reusable glass soda bottles to reduce plastic waste, and give a small rebate for sending back empty bottles for reuse.
A"The Leftovers" style MCU film, set between Infinity Wars &amp; Endgame; detailing how much the snap affected remaining 50% of humanity.
Celebrity Sperm / Egg Cell Bank
Before voting, legalize election fraud and commit to the president being whatever the election process says even if there is fraud, so that way people will be far more interested in proving fraud cant work, before the election starts with some process or another. So theres less election fraud.
If they want to drink the kool-aid, let them.
Open an office supplies store and put a giant “Staples” sign above the front doors, so customers will think it’s an official Staples store. When you’re sued for copyright, explain how the sign isn’t the store’s name; it’s an advertisement for the staples you happen to sell.
Break lights that correspond to how hard the brake is being pushed. Harder push the light becomes brighter
Stop fighting to take down confederate monuments. Start fighting to change the plaques to show historically accurate information about the people depicted.
Super Soaker should make portable bidets.
A Morality based on RPG whose first quest is "Kill the Rats in the Basement" with rats being a thinly veiled euphemism for Refugee Orc children
Bodycams installed under the skin at birth.
Find the world’s most depressed person, and name the mental illness of depression after them. I have “Greg’s disease” for example would be a nice euphemism for “I’m depressed”. Plus it might bring some joy to the world’s most depressed person.
Pop-Up Practical; Inflatable Infrastructure
License Dominion Voting to make Pokemon Go To The Polls
The next video on YouTube is an opposing idea...replace most prison sentences with corporal punishment. Way cheaper and probably less cruel
A business that offers a custom controlled environment where you can listen to your choice songs and beat the shit out of stuff.
With the laugh track dying out, how about a whole new generation of TV shows with pre-recorded boos, taunts and abuse leveled at the actors during recording.
Animal conservation groups should plead to elephant and rhino poachers to use tranquilizer guns instead.
Everyone stop using Amazon all at once. Starting today. Forever. Just because.
A trademarked icon thats only allowed to be displayed on businesses that never advertise and their products spread by good user reviews. Another icon for businesses that don't use any products made in a sweatshop. Etc.
supermarket shelves live cam
If HE loses the ‘You Know What’ he should say the following at the end of his speech about the results: ‘My followers! My Supporters! Execute Order 66!’
Public accountanting for households with government sponsored option.
twitch plug
Create a script that enters random search terms into google and everyone agrees to run it once a day. Targeted advertisement becomes compromised.
Clean everything
Naturally flavored ice cream shaped like fruits with edible peeling instead of plastic wrappers
American hunger games
Blockbuster should return as a streaming service
If theres some kind of content you dont like, dont be a hater, just keep it off your own screen using browser plugins, but leave other peoples screens alone
Having an open discussion on what you think is true, what you believe in, and keeping what you think is wrong for a another conversation.
who was the first person to live to be 69?
Pay homeless people for a few hours of “community service” cleaning up trash in the city, helping build low income housing
At your next marathon(whenever that is), naruto run while blasting Eurobeat throughout the entire thing
Taxes should be paid to and kept within the county
A show called “Old News” where important news stories from the past are revisited and explored further so they are not simply forgotten.
Shazam for identifying playlists, it listens to 3 songs in a row and finds the public playlist that lists them in that order if it exists.
We are about to have 3 day work weeks: everyone has Sunday off; then individually stagger 3 days on, 3 days off
Electing both president and congress at random instead of through election, in any given country, would yield better results than democracy
Dog squeaker toys that make noise at frequencies only dogs can hear
A front door hinged at the top so that you dont get rained on immediately when you step out even if you dont have an awning or overhang covering your front door.
Kidneys for Canadians
The shinnichi party
Netflix should have an option to 'Skip Intro' always so that you don't have to go and click on it everytime.
Once a week , all social media companies have to turn off their platforms so people disconnect and experience real life
A ghost hunters show where people investigate famous haunted buildings, but they have to drop acid before they go in.
Temporarily split up the government/divide the country.
Burning Karma: Redditors can vote that you were burned by a response to your post. If you're considered burned by response, your Reddit shows flames for a period of time related to the number of upvotes for the burn statement vs the total number of upvotes for that thread.
Trump released the Coronavirus to create an existential threat in America so that he reach dictator-level powers
Sperm banks should hire prostitutes to encourage donations
A boy for streaming services which tells you in advance if there’s any NSFW coming up on the movie/show you’re watching. To give the viewer time to prepare if they’re watching with family
A crowdfunding platform that focuses on local communities who want to launch and fund local businesses / projects.
Update the Insert Symbol part of Microsoft Word
A more efficient (but dangerous) energy storage ideea.
An RPG where you either choose to be in the evil or hero side, both sides will have players fight other players of the same level or bots to level up, then the boss battle would be a pvp with a player who has the same level bracket/skills as you
A website like IMDB, but instead of putting in the name of an actor and getting every movie/show they've been in, put in a song and get every movie/show/game it's been in.
Reddit should have a “NSFB” (Not Safe For Bed) option for scary or creepy post for people that are browsing Reddit in bed or before they’re sleeping.
Create a new roach killer spray that doesn't kill them right away but makes them suffer a bit for being on your turf
Circular "tablet" computer. This is meant to be strange: Basic shape is torus with a flat oled screen that has a hole with a diameter that is one third of the whole diameter
The New Global Financial System Rules Must Based On Self Responsibility, Free Choice &amp; Lawless
Reddit where we can edit titles
Clouds you drain your blood but replace it at the same time?
Create a mixture of chemicals that kills bacteria but does not damage non-waterproof electronics, like the chemical they submerge computers in to cool them. Use said mixture to clean devices.
Replace drug dealer's coke with Coke, so they'll sell something legal and not go to jail
The president should be randomly selected.
Find a way to feed MLMs to each other
New "Pandemic Tycoon" game where instead of an amusement park, you manage a global pandemic with a time limit.
A big box retailer called "Out of the Box," where the company saves money on logistics by letting customers search for what they want in the boxes they were shipped in
Shampoo and conditioner bottles with Shampoo or Conditioner as the largest font on the product.
If a million people drop me for $ 7, I can save about 1,000 local businesses from extinction. How do you like this idea, deal? P. S. I am seriously
Get your friend's phone, and download any "broken screen wallpaper". Make a believable wallpaper, then take screenshots of all quick access pages where the wallpaper is applied. Delete all icons and that app, then set each screenshot to it's corresponding page. The screen looks broken and seems dead
Buy your kids whatever they want and put it on display as a sort of 'Reward wall'. When they meet criteria like grades, birthdays, and Christmas, they get to make some selection. Apply to economics, win Nobel, spawn grey goo.
Actually execute ideas from the top of all time in r/CrazyIdeas
Make women’s public restrooms bigger so there’s not always a line.
They should make a movie called The God Father.
Hanafuda Koi-koi, but instead of flowers it has birthstones to make the game easier to understand for Western audiences
Start spelling 'weird' as 'wierd', now wierd looks wierd.
An App that sends a notification to your friends when you masturbate by detecting vibration of your mobile device. Imagine a notification, Hey your friend David is Masturbating ! Would you like to join him?.
A bed that simulates the feeling of floating
Trump should shut down the government to raise more money for the wall.
Since Trump
All humans after high school are required to work a service industry job like server at a restaurant or front desk worker at a hotel, for a year, to better understand complex systems and to create more empathy for people.
GDPR is a great tool that takes your privacy to the next level. Want to delete your personal data from databases? Our new app can solve that!
Rick Steve's explores europorn
Dig big tunnels from the oceans to areas that have negative elevation (like death valley) and use the water head pressure to mist the ocean water and evaporate it to induce more humidity and rain in arid regions.
They should bring back the Spider-Man popcorn that turns your poop blue
Living "in a moment" actually increases the likelihood of living a mostly happy life for people with no kinds
Chewing tobacco with energy in it.
A children's educational TV show that continues for years, slowly progressing into a show for adults.
A reddit time travel mode
A group of people live together as a family. But they aren't related. And they're all into incest.
Advance Modern Science by 1000 years in a Summer
We take Bikini Bottom, and move it over there
A retail version of 'The Purge' where one day a year retail staff can do and say whatever they want to customers. Bonus points for having massive discounts to drive people in store
An international fast food chain that donates food to war torn or starving countries every time you buy from them
Maybe reddit is a bubble but I think we can make a statement by using the live streams to burn flags to protest the injustices and lies going on in the country right now. You have a constitutional right to do so as part of your freedom of speech.
A pocket sized long ranged non-permanent paint can for blocking phones from recording you
Build-A-Beer Workshop... it's my new microbrewery where you can create your very own beer!
Football fans who walk out during a blowout should be banned from attending the next game
Ok, here me out
The government pays of your student loans if you don't catch COVID
Replace the US House with electronic liquid democracy.
Modern cars should have open air vents inside of them to stop the epidemic of children suffocating in cars because modern cars are as sealed as Boeing starliners nowadays.
A Live Action Disney Remake of BAMBI using real animals.
Reuse amazon boxes by placing them outside our homes to annoy mailbox thieves
Start a home cleaning service and call it- “From The Windows To The Walls”. (With the tag line being- “We’ll work up a real sweat for you!)
Long Johns for your upper body.
A book about a green orange
When someone uses "trans panic" as a legal defense, their legal gender is immediately changed.
Start a GoFundMe and buy the cheapest super bowl ad slot. The ad is just a voice saying "Alexa, play Never Gonna Give You Up"
We should downvote r/popularopinions you agree with and upvote the ones you don’t. So the truly unpopular opinions shine.
Actually would work
Every restaurant should have a fridge outside where people in need can take leftover foods.
Add a button to MS Word that allows you to deliver a mild electric shock to the developers whenever you have to deal with formatting issues in their program
If you get caught with or using a stolen credit card, you should be responsible for all the debt on it.
We should implant an explosive and a tracker in the bodies of people in quarantine so we can blow them up if they leave their homesWe should change B.C. to Before Covid 19.
Create an inverse twitter where you have to post at least 280 characters
Create a temporary ink tattoo that is applied like regular tats, so you have the pain ritual, but the ink dissolves within a year. This will allow you to reimagine a bad design, or change your tats every year or so, depending on where you are in your journey.
Ask the rioters whether Trump incited them to storm the U.S. capitol.
Schools shouldn’t care about four year degrees but instead should certify you based on each class you take.
Men should treat women as men and women should treat men as women so they see the other not as aliens
Odometer that also records the “quality” of miles driven (incline, temp, etc). 100k miles on flat roads in perfect weather has a different impact on a car vs. 100k miles thru mountains in the cold.
Everyone should Google 'Why can't i jump?' on 1st January 2021
Experience machines
Parodyland: themepark that just makes fun of the western world
When banned from a subreddit, have the option of showing that ban on your trophy caseA Tesla Powerwall Laptop Battery, 2 Terabyte RAM Storage, and dual Ryzen 64 Core CPUs
Group of volunteers throw blood on antimaskers
Somebody streaming their window at night, idk just for viewers to vibe with them and their city lights at night
A minimum of five months in jail for any form of public racism.
Change "Black Lives Matter" to "Black Lives Matter, Too" to reduce confusion.
Someone should invent a microwave like device for bringing "too hot too eat" food back down to a normal eating temperature
An app that stores all of your receipts digitally so that you never have to worry about losing receipts and it doesn't waste a lot of paper.
A program like a 401K where you make payments towards your debt and your employer matches your contribution to a certain percentage.
People are only allowed to mow there lawns on Saturdays.
Create a company, “Assholes Inc.” Have a team not getting along? People at workplace not friendly? Hire one of our special agents to come in and make a big ass of themselves, and your team will bond together in no time!
Get teachers to have children build music wheels to attach to the hamster wheel in class.
Toilet paper gloves
Reverse peepholes
We should submit audio clips that need no visual context, talk shows, podcasts, anything that is worthy of listening to the all but dead subreddit r/audios.
Multitracked networked slot car racing
A TV show where white people get black faced so they can experience how different being stopped by the police goes.
In the time where Jesus is dead, there could be a purge.
A sub where we can post anything and the community guides us to the best place to post it.
Fresh pruduce and cooked food should be batched and electronically labled with prices that depreciate as food gets older, which will prevent us from paying the same price for freshly fried and 3 day old chicken
Suggest trendy &amp; catchy name for my fintech startup - financial inclusion for everyone!
A claw machine game where the prizes are dildos and the claw is a woman's mouth.
Reverse reddit awards for when people say something shitty. Like the positive rewards system it's teired and the upper tiers of rewards make the user see more ads or have future dowvoted comments auto deleted for X amount of time ect. to discourage bad actors.
What if we just stopped talking about the protests? Sound good?
Kill the entire population of the land, and dump their corpses on your fields. Then raise the skeletons of the corpses once all the squishy bits have turned into rot and fertilizer, raise the skeletons to work the land.
People that catch coronavirus should change their last will to include that their dead bodies be thrown on the white house lawn.
New technology: Everyone in the world gets clean water
A punishment for male rapists where they get kicked in the nuts at full force by Chuck Norris while he's wearing steel-tow boots.
A candidate that runs for both parties in different areas
The option to connect your Reddit account with Facebook, so you get to know who of your friends has depression and you can talk about it together.
Use gasoline to sterilize the gas pump handle and buttons.
Buy a bunch of cheap bowls from the dollar store and just leave bowls of cereal all over your city.
an above ground grave with bulletproof glass, so everyone can watch the corpse rot
A true crime podcast but instead of telling you all the information, they sing it
Would +$500 CAD help you get off your butt to make your crazy idea happen?
A subreddit called "Are they flirting?" where users can post convos, texts, etc and get help reading between the lines
Change the phrase, “There’s plenty of fish in the sea” to, “There’s no deficiency of da fish in seas.”
Whenever anyone shows off an impressive artistic achievement on reddit, everybody should downvote it, so showing off becomes unpopular.
I want to see a reimagining of The Producers, except it's the Trump campaign, two top RNCC officials find they can make more money by losing an election than winning one, and proceed to pick candidates and strategies they think are guaranteed to lose...
Revert to the previous reddit design that showed more threads on the screen
banks should pause all real estate loan payments for three months, for individuals and businesses alike.
Google should create a dating app that matches people based on their browser history.
Alarm app
Candle Refill Store
Adoptive Grandparents
An irl version of the untitled goose game theme that changes depending on where u are
All the TV shows that are still being produced during covid should add COVID as a story plot. Everything is still the same but they are all wearing masks now and they mention covid once in a while. Keep the actors safe and make it seem like the shows are happening in current times.
To Catch A Predator with Criss Angel.
Milk flavoured milkshake
Just something to help people cope with the emptiness in their souls after the end of a good TV series
Nick, Cartoon network, and disney channel should suddenly change their channels so that all their shows are the ones from 2006. Just play reruns of early-mid 2000s shows without any heads up that this is going to happen, and don’t explain it.
The media should air Trump alongside a fact-checker that validates his statements after they’re said. As people are beginning to associate true/false with life/death, they’ll start to generalize all misleading or false statements, and not just COVID’s, as dangerous.
Try and sneak into the jaws of a hippo without it noticing
Tour de France with tandem-bikes
Concerts should be organized by height.
Red Dead 2157
Criminals who stole should be asked why, and if it was need they should be granted their wish to fulfill that need. All hardened criminals should have forced sex reversals to fuck with their minds.
Make the pilot episode of every show free to watch online, even for people not subscribed to a streaming service
Annual Month Long Climate Crisis Stay at Home Order
Second news website. A website where is never reported about the frontpage news or in relation to it.
once per year we should all step outside at 10 PM and scream like a super saiyan for 1 minute
The world's biggest museum, that exhibits the world's biggest stuff.
Eye charts are standardized, so in the off chance the idea of you being able to see properly is revolting to you, you can memorize the letters and sabotage yourself
Let us remove crossposts from our feed
Research data ratings, similar to ratings for movies/shows
I Think We Need to Retire the Word, "Socialism" It has Essentially Lost all Meaning
A reboot of COPS for the 21st century called Corporate COPS, in which the FTC chases down corrupt bankers and crooked stock brokers, dragging them out of their offices by their lapels.
Start an MLM where you buy a bunch of small local businesses and use the percentages they pay to you to help improve the business.
Condoms printed with popular lightsabers
Build a creepy animatronic vehicle passenger that looks like an obviously fake human and slowly turns its head when going through a drive through
Have a soccer match with one player covid positive and see how many get infected at the end
Pools the same size as an Olympic running track. Swimmers stagger themselves and race in a circular pool. Relays handoffs would be sick.
Edit together a Compilation Video of Fighter Bombers strafing ground targets during World War 2. Set the music as Steely Dan’s ‘Babylon Sister’.
Everyone affected by power outages in Texas should install solar panels and make the power company go bankrupt paying them back.
Famous people should count how many people ask for their signature and number it on the signature, like "Brad Pitt, 1,221"
Have tattoo artist encourage clients to get the mother of their kids name on their bicep when they get their kid's named tattooed there
Line Webtoon and Tapas should let their own featured creators promote their webtoons by paying them to become sponsors and advertise their brand.
Force the republican states to secede so we can invade and kill the racists.
Add a blinker speed modulator knob to car controls so you can adjust blinker speed to synchronize your blinkers with the car in front of you.
A dating app for Redditors based on the subreddits they are subscribed to and the amount of karma.
Add food thievery as a competition that goes on during baking or cooking shows
A massive ad campaign in southern and midwestern states urging people to not wear masks
An emergency stop button in the passenger toilets on planes, just like they have on trains. Pressing it immediately turns off all the engines.
Olympic swimming but using different liquids with different buoyancy, viscosity etc.
Reddit clone but the financial incentives of Medium
A TV show that grows up with you
Protesters should be waving American Flags, that way the police either cement it in that they are against the people and the constitution or they stop attacking.
Anyone in Jax FL 39m for (F Or Couples)
Every bill that you can not pay due to COVID job loss, you should send to the White House.
There should be an option to disable spoiler content.
Robots that can forget and remember.
Get dirty, a strong immune system is thd only way the masses will win agaist this, not a magic pill or vaccine you have to wait to pop into existence. Get better now, its the only way we win.
A way to go through texts without having to scroll for 5 hours
Replace the word theft and all its synonyms with "yoink"
The winner of the democratic primary and republican primary both become president and have to share the power.
Intentionally Blocking interstate highways and mass roadways should be a felony
High school English class but not everything has a deep underlying meaning
Super cheap airbnb type service where you sleep in places like: Closets, under beds, garages, &amp; lawn furniture.
Post delivery services should use an algorythm that prioritizes a package if the recipient checked the tracking code more than a number of times
Preparation H brand Lube.
Create a Mythic Person That Drops Off Candy At Your House If Your Kid Wants To Go Out For Halloween He/She Gets Candy And Stays Safe. That Way Next Time Halloween Gets Canceled You Have A Backup
The Office, but edited for Covid-19, so everyone is wearing a mask.
HIJACKING All Internet faced routers to change their dns settings to an adblocker one....Till ADs Companies quit or calm down their shit.
Temporary tattoos that you can decide that will last however long you want. 6 months, 7 years? Designed to face when you want it to.
My drastic Millennial years; from student to employee to Kickstarter newbie! –
The first bar in outer space should be named " ".
Youtube Adults, where you can monetize just about anything.
everyone gets their own tank and machineguns. Learn to love eachother, or die.
Gilbert Gottfried to take over the Oprah show.
A show where CEOs of different companies have to work in the lowest paid position for a week
Don’t send random peena pics. Only send the chode pose if asked. If you get unsolicited ham spam, put it on a billboard.
Let's stop the USPS from delivering junk mail and catalogues to cut down infection vectors.
how about we iniate an annual worldwide 3wk quarantine? think of the benefits...
Make a rule that police will lose their benefits and pay for a year if X amount of unnecessary force complaints are filed and confirmed that year.
An app in which you specify the people you don’t want to cross path with and that plots the best course from A to B avoiding said people
Wait to put a gender on the birth certificate until they decide.
If someone over 80 dies, the cause of death should be listed as old age
Comedy skit, where a guy purchases toilet paper, then returns in ridiculous disguises in order to by-pass the per customer limit
Disney should start a Twitch channel where Chris Hemsworth plays video games in character as Thor.
We stage one day, where everyone goes and just deletes Twitter and Facebook.
A website where you type in a controversial topic (socialism, veganism, abortion...) and it shows you the most prestigious sources for and against so you can make an informed decision
A cleaning service that hires manic bipolar people to help clean houses/rooms.
National blood database, similar to fingerprinting.
Add "Not Trump" as an option on the ballet instead of being forced to vote for Biden so we can easily distinguish between the amount of people that actually want Biden and those that just can't take anymore Trump
On sites like eBay and Gumtree; you get hourly reminders when someone has messaged you about your product until you reply.
Make it legal to identify as a dead person without being taken to a psychiatric hospital
To recoup the losses to the US from the Coronavirus , the US presidency should be decided pay per view , from an actual thunderdome.
well qualified female candidates could call for uncensored topless presidential debates that the 2 main guys couldnt refuse due to how many viewers it would attract #FreeTheNipple
What if governments supplied poachers with the necessary equipment to tranquilize endangered animals like Rhinos, no questions asked. Like a needle exchange.
A tv/web series where we put two completely different celebrities in a (simulated) broken lift for x amount of time.
FastWeb Protocol and Test -- No JavaScript, limited images and file sizes, WASM apps and media in links only
Give cars like a little phone thing
I don't like that the government knows who I voted for.
Hear me out
Nickelodeon should create a Spongebob crossover episode when Monstercat artists visit Bikini Bottom.
PilotTV: A channel dedicated to showing pilots of TV shows that never got made.
bring back cowboys
Biodegradable, single-use library books. The words disappear off the page as you read them, and the book itself breaks down into compost within 48 hours of you finishing it. No overdue fees.
Jizz powered car
Reddit should make a bot that sends you a notification when someone mentions OP in a comment on your post.
Release a cooking book where all the ingredient measurements are "to taste"
A combined skydiving and scuba diving experience that merges both into a single activity: skybadiving
I Should Run for Secretary of the Interior in Thirty Five Years
Start new cable tv company in San Diego: CUNTZ Cable
Arm Native American reservations with nukes.
We raise taxes on billionaires really slow like boiling a frog and before they know it we have a fair tax system.
Every nation should swap spy apps from other nations. Chinese should use facebook exclusively, americans should use tictok exclusively.
We make almost the opposite of a Dyson Sphere by encasing our planet in solar panels. That way we can redirect energy from the sun where we need it or even limit how much gets in.
Put Google Maps cameras/gps on all USPS vehicles, more income for the Post Office, saves Google money by needing less dedicated camera cars.
letter 'Y' should be a vowel.
Every new Narcotic prescription comes with a mandatory weekly online-NA type meeting that lasts for the length of the Rx.
NFL should hire Colin Kaepernick as the NFL race ambassador and advisor
White-hat hackers should hack into voting machines and completely ruin the 2020 election, so that the public loses all confidence in them, and we use paper ballots forever afterwards
Stickers representing relationship status and sexual orientation to encourage/eliminate interactions. Single &amp; Looking, Seeking Hookups, Open Relationship, Just Friends, etc posted on your car, shirt, wherever.
A non-profit fashion collab with USPS, with proceeds going to benefit campaigns aimed at saving the post office.
All tax exempt not-for-profits (including religious organizations) should have to list all employees salaries in a register accessible to the public.
Don’t pray for me
Hire the Wachowskis to direct a Bioshock trilogy.
Search engines should let you give feedback (like an upvote/downvote system) if the link they give you is helpful/what you're looking for or not
A game console that detects if you have carpal tunnel syndrome, muscle fatigue, sleep deprivation, undernourishment or excessive playtime, and possibly an unreached goal that you slowly get further from, so they can actually reward you for your hard work, determination and suffering
Elect Trump again in 4 years
Fake Budget
Possible Cure for COVID-19
A death metal band where each of their songs is a synopsis of an episode of The Golden Girls.
Move protests to sit-ins at government offices, public government libraries, state capital (inside), etc across the nation for a direct call for legislative change
A company that sells new shoes that look a little worn in so you don’t have to walk around looking like you bought brand new shoes
Add GBK (a file format to store genes) as a language to github
Change the spelling of sweating to swetting
Allow people to prove to advertisers that they early voted, in return the person no longer receives political ads. This will help increase early voting.
Awards should donate a small amount to the awarded users charity of choice. That way people aren’t wasting their money when they buy awards.
Reddit Should Let You Schedule Posts, To Go Live At Certain Dates and Times
A bed that rocks you to sleep on a timer. Much like a hammock or cradle.
Body cams for wait staff
A 24/7 satellite camera feed orbiting Venus everyone can watch
Allow voters to upvote up to one candidate and downvote up to one candidate
Remove Joe Biting as the president and let me take his place instead
What if everybody who can walk, all across the globe, got paper fans out and we all started to fan simultaneously, in the direction of the Australia. Could we send some hurricanes/tornadoes in their direction to put out the fire?
HP envy 13 Laptop Students Use Laptop
My new product Urine Arse Assist
Like Ramsay’s Kitchen Nightmares but a doctor who goes around the country shitting on other doctors' diagnostics and pointing out hospitals with shit service.
Remove the phrase "avoid it like the plague" because it turns out people don't do that.
"The Thots That Count"... new educational show hosted by reformed prostitutes-turned math professors
Share economy for travellers
A Nickelodeon Guts remake for people in their late 30s and 40s with high BMI only.
Social Distancing measures when you get a (disinfected) laser tag vest upon entering the store and if you break the 6ft radius, employees shoot you. Three strikes, you’re out.
A terrorist organization, but instead of targeting political figures, they target crooked cops who haven't been punished.
An Alien: Isolation mod where Nicolas Cage chases you instead of the Alien
Hey, kid, want to stimulate the economy?
Make night vision glasses chip for common use and CCTV cameras default for night vision so we could ban street lights. All that so we look at the stars at night.
Pay and bus hundreds of homeless people to hang out in a wealthy neighborhood. Buy their homes once you've manipulated the market to the lowest possible price point. Bus and pay homeless to leave, sell homes later at a profit, donate profits to the homeless.
Speed Bumps for Planes
Rate My Roomate, a site that lets you know what a potenial roommate is like based on old roommate ratings
Drinking game for election night where every time Trump wins a state you take a shot
Any legislation with “abolish the police” in it must also have a clause which also bans wealthy people’s private security
Create a computer virus that mimics COVID
To help the polar bears with the melting ice caps, make polar bear roads.
They should taxidermy famous people and historical people like Donald Trump when they die. I'd go to that museum.
Cereal and milk in a can that you put in your refrigerator.
The Onion should get a Tor onion URL, and they should brute-force it until they get theoniontheonion.onion
Ear Beards!
A teenager who wants some advice
Collect toilet papet cardboard tubes as Apocolypse trophies.
SPAM but made with fish - SPUNA!
Get a car. Install those insane loudspeakers. Drive around your town playing fart noises on repeat.
Imagine a movie like this
You should be able to buy awards (gold, etc. ) with reddit karma
Everyone submitting on r/pics can only title their post "pic"
Citizen's Show of Power Day - One day per year where nobody goes to work just to remind the big apples who really has the power
I think that if you have purchased a product, especially free ones, that you shouldn’t get any more advertisements for them.
A premium version of Google Chrome that removes ads
Fitness tracker that rewards you sexually
The Senate should nominate a liberal supreme court justice member with the only caveat being that Trump wins. If he loses, they nominate a conservative.
Stick all these statues in a new Smithsonian of Presently Objectionable Historical Figures so Americans have one less thing to shoot each other over
Create a dart that will only hurt a specific type of dna but when it penetrates someone else it doesn't affect them.
A “paint and sip” but for people who want to get black out drunk and smash stuff with a sledgehammer
Car insurance comparison but it tells you whatcars fit your monthly/annual budget.
To combine a flat propulsion system, ion drive, railgun, synchrophasotron, fusion reactor into a single rocket engine (or an overcomplicated plasma cutter, I haven't decided yet).
Music apps that can arrange music according to BPM
A souls game where the enemies gains souls too
A slice of life anime adaptation of Crtl+Alt+Del
Shave down all mountains and fill in the valleys to make the Earth a perfect sphere.
2m social distance rule is based on distance the average fart can travel #stopfartingsavelives
A company that sort of works like a government plan
If Kanye wins the 2020 election, he should rap his entire victory speech
Model rockets shaped like famous skyscrapers
3D chess game with realistic graphics, full attack animations, and multiple factions/skins you can choose from; medieval knights, modern soldiers, vikings etc.
A way to choose the music you actually want to listen to while you are on hold instead of elevator music
An ice cream scoop with the scoop being the size of a small bowl, so you scoop out ice cream and eat from the scoop.
monolpy ( the board game) the movie
Stop showing the White House daily Coronavirus briefing on TV. Print it on toilet paper and deliver it daily to every home in America instead.
Samuel L. Jackson once read a bedtime story called "Go the fuck to sleep". The authors of the book should write a new book entitled "Stay the fuck indoors" and once again have Samuel L. Jackson narrate it.
Government issued space cakes
Bail Out the U.S. Postal Service
A vest where, when you touch a button on your palm, a gun slowly rises into the palm of your other hand. That way you can put both of your hands up in "surrender", and as long as you touch the right button, you will slowly get a gun in your other raised hand.
The 2021 Futurama challenge: $600? 200 cups of coffee!
I need the help of Yall.
AI-generated BuzzFeed Top 10 Lists
Everyone should leave a few packages filled with junk on their porches so thieves can’t tell what is worth stealing.
Being able to block specific subreddits
A dating app that matches people at pure random. Not interested in that sex? No problem, you match with them! Can’t speak their language? You match with them! Not in the same hemisphere? No problem.
Reddit should award coins when people reach certain karma levels so they can participate more by giving awards and stuff and karma actually has some use
Hand sanitizer bottle for toothpaste
Instead of sentencing people who have severe crimes to death, medical tests should be conducted on them.
Lower car insurance rates since there's fewer cars on the road to get into accidents due to people staying at home
Auto-play elevator music when online meetings go silent
If everyone farted in special fart sucking canister's and used the fart's to save the world's problem's.
More jail time for attacking mean people than for attacking nice people, cuz it's more likely to happen so needs to be defended more. Similarly famous people are more likely to be attacked.
Jesus now ACTUALLY sees everything everone does through Jesus statues. And can respond through them.
Genetically engineer a hyperaggressive Ebola strain to combat flu epidemics by culling the vector organisms. After all, it works with mosquitoes!
print the grinch on all new kinds of cash
SLAVERY IS NOT ABOLISHED IT IS HIDDEN IN PLAIN SIGHT
Have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?
People who are "anti-Vax" should not be allowed to get the COVID19 vaccine
I love sticking a boba straw right into a large 48oz container of applesauce. Best snack time ever!
We need a copypasta subreddit but for images not text
Idea for game developers. Make a really hard game, very challenging. Whoever beats the game gets a full refund.
Put out all the Australian bush fires but making an oxygen bomb and then set off 2 hydrogen bombs and 1 oxygen bomb because 1 oxygen+2hydrogen = H20 also know as water.
A bunch of short haired women need to get dressed up and pretend to be pissed off. Then go to a Trump rally as a fake organization called Karen's for Trump.
Put your Christmas lights back up to show support for staying home.
From now on, if a witness in a case suddenly dies, we just kill the accused. Now they have incentive for the witnesses to be safe.
Subscription services like Netflix should allow you to chose which day you get charged
(NYC especially) There should be Express lanes on sidewalks with checkpoints where you have to show your drivers license or ID. Also have barriers/fencing of some sort.
Big box retailers and shopping malls should create raised pedestrian walkways from the parking lot to the front of the store.
A modern version of the game Guess Who using thispersondoesnotexist.com as its source
McDonalds should sell a variation of the Krabby Patty
A feature that should be native to all Gallery/Photos apps on phones: Be able to select a few pictures, and be able to show only them to someone, so as to prevent "accidental" swipes over to content that is not meant for them
Joe Rogan picks a random fan once a quarter to do a podcast with.
Put an r/actLikeYouBelong “bot” on subredditsimulator, but make it managed by a regular user, not a bot.
Honey Vs Hot Oil Experiment || Honey in Hot Oil || Crazy xyz Experiment ||
butt plugs that bleach your butthole. like whitening strips for your ass.
I hate how much attention seeking there is for awards on reddit. So lets just go super nova with them!!
New mailboxes should have a transparent top to disinfect the mail, using UV radiation from the Sun.
Attach sonar equipment to drones and map the entire ocean floor in no time
We should start a cowboy fad
Open a shop where tax is included into the price of the goods and everything costs an even dollar amount.
Change the pronounciation of "meatloaf" so it sounds like "me at loaf"
A bot that automaticaally searches for and deletes any youtuber's video that begins, "Hey Guys!"
Independent electric trailer
With development of translucent metals, translucent solar cells and a potential way to collect self generated infrared light back into solar cells for night production, why haven't we incorporated that into the body of a car? Like a Tesla with all day/night solar collection.
Eyemask + netflix = an audiobook you can &lt;3
Give Chic-Fil-A a big government grant and put them in charge of handing out Covid19 test kits
Everyone qualified to be a supreme court justice is put in database along with party affiliation. President picks a chief justice to lead, every case then has 3 random Dems, 3 random gop justices (like jury duty). The chief manages the flow but only casts a vote if there's a tie.
Artisanal Pancake Butter
High vaulted ceilings. Hundreds of skinny glass columns connecting floor to roof. When it rains, the water pours through the swiss-cheese-style roof, into the columns, and throughur the building. The rushing sound of water. Spiral staircases all around. Lots of books. Majestic.
Some people think I'm crazy, some people think I'm perfectly sane, maby im both you would seem a little crazy too....
Need some crazy ideas on this one...
Give billionaires/ millionaires tax breaks by paying off other people's debt.
Check this out
A map that features all the people who hid jews during WWII to remind people that everyone can make a difference.
Ability to mark a text as unread in your phone
Many US citizen/residents who play pro sports will opt out to protect their family. But will really just be moving their wealth out of the states.
Make each new president write a copy of the constitution, live on camera, so they cant later claim they dont know what it says.
An audio encyclopedia.
Pap smears for men: Papa smears
A food donation program fueled by nudes called “food for nudes”
A movie about the Navy Seals operation to kill Osama Bin Laden, except he gets tipped off and sets up a series of "Home Alone" style traps in his cave. Osama is played by Sacha Baren Cohen of course
Do away with the concept of 'virginity'
A whole city where rent is half price but it's movie theater rules for all food and drink. No food or drinks allowed except from a certain monopoly.
Screens on windows make it hard to see out of but when you move it's easier to see. How about making the screen move back and fourth very fast so it keeps stuff out but also allows you to see much better. There could be a switch to flick whenever you want to look outside.
It would be nice if not only our sweat glands could externalize moisture when the human body is hot, but also internalize moisture when cold.
EasyNotes - P2P notes apps for Windows, Android and iOS with local sync
There should be a review at the end of the year of all the things we learned to do and not to do.
Putting c4 in fake amazon packages to kill off porch pirates
Instead of putting glass in Arctic, recycle plastic waste into floats that could support a polar bear like a glacier ice piece
Arnold Schwarzenegger should do a series called Ex-terminator. Half of each episode is him talking about what it was like to play as the Terminator. The other half would be him destroying wasp nests and other vermin
instead of raising minimum wage, raise awareness of existing wages by everyone wearing a $number of dollars they made in the last month on their forehead at all times
Microsoft should create a game called Microsoft Navigation Simulator 2020 where you can control all kinds of ships from all ages and with the graphics of the current game Microsft Flight Simulator 2020.
Deliberately infect yourself with coronavirus so you can get treated while hospitals aren't swamped
A movie where scary things happen when you DON'T turn off the lights. It will help people learn to turn the fucking lights off when they leave a room. /rant
Boycott baby formula for a time--water down the bottle in the meantime--just long enough for markdowns due to expiration (or maybe even due to returned profits from existing shoplifting shrinkage...)
Let’s blow up u/porn’s inbox until they say literally anything.
Make Trump leaving the White House his most all time highest rated viewing.
Dental chews for kids
why not?
Given the simulation theory, we really might be in a game of Plague, Inc.
Make it to where the salary of the highest paid employee of a company cannot exceed 10x the wage of the lowest paid.
Make it legal to shoot people who don’t wear masks.
The 'Stupid People Assault Squad'!
On 23rd February 2021, Let us all use emojis on Reddit while putting a title or commenting on a post. That will be called 'Normies defying reddit'.😂🤣🤑😭
Cameras and facial recognition everywhere would help us follow the law and also remove out biased law enforcement
Conduct video interviews when hiring for a job. Judge candidates solely by microphone and camera quality while asking irrelevent questions.
Write a book, make it into a movie, have a writer who's never read the book novelize the movie, make the novelization into a movie, novelize that movie, make a movie out of that novelization.
When you look up something random you read somewhere on the internet Google should say something like "Hey Bro, what you looked up is kinda fucked up you sire you wanna know what a "Blue Waffle" is?
GTA 5 should have it where you connect your phone to the game, and get real life calls in the game
First 100 people who upvote a post which eventually makes it to the front page should gain karma points
Photoshop (or filters) for handwriting
Bean bag chairs in place of every chair.
Hotel vending machines should also include condom packs
Appoint all US politicians via a random lottery
Paparazzi that follows around actual Paparazzi non stop taking horrible pictures of them and uploading them online.
A site where real women judge your profile pictures and let you know, without being mean, what's stopping them from swiping right.
Start carrying a 6 foot stick. If anyone comes within whacking distance, they're getting whacked.
Create a chain letter that doesn't ask for money (so that it is legal and not a scam). If successful, it will safe the post office.
Rock climbing wall, but all the holds are dildos.
Take all the coins in wishing fountains and donate them to Make a Wish so that someones wish may actually come true
As a show of good will Reddit bans all reposts start January 1st 2021
Chick-fil-A could totally sell veggie burgers.
Sexual lubricant rated for polar temperatures
The laws of physics are so important that we should enforce them by statute, just in case. Formally write the laws of physics into state and federal legal codes, with incredibly draconian criminal penalties for their violation.
Lenovo Ideapad S145 Best Laptop
A music device
A 'Whiteboard Cam' for schools, where a camera is positioned perfectly to capture the whiteboard and the teacher can either record or take images of whatever is currently on the board to send to students later in case they couldn't copy fast enough, or upload it to a server or website for studying.
A discord channel dedicated upvoting one post to success, then removing the upvote after 10 minutes
Don’t observe daylight savings time
Rest of the world should invade usa
Can you clone yourself like this?
A bot that nukes every duplicate "/u/vredditdownloader" comment in a comment section
Instead of Ugly Christmas Sweater parties, have Ugly Christmas Mask parties this year.
A VR headset that fits comfortably on a dog. A couple dog based games, an open field and, boy oh boy, let the good times roll!
Rolling Vote. Voting is continuous. Any citizen can move their vote to a different candidate at any time. Whoever has the most votes at any given moment is the president.
Internet! Let's Bring Back Millsberry (Old Online Game)
Drug use in America should be protected under the first amendment
There should be an NSFW “Stay Home” tab on reddit that’s just porn
Put dorito in toilet to make DORITO TOILET
Go to unclaimed part of Antarctica and declare your own country.
Dubbed anime should have two sets of subtitles.
Dont count people's income but tax the money itself using hyperinflation
Ricky and Morty themed “Glorzo” face masks to help prevent spread of communicable diseases.
A website like the SPLC where people can post exact sightings of hate groups to better track their statuses.
Companies should allow complaints handlers one TK;DR (Too Karen, Didn't Read) a week. They get to TK;DR a complaint, which means it gets auto passed to someone else.
Audiobooks
How to pour a concrete channel in a detention pond part 1
Cum into plants to fertilize them
Systematically test all people who serve the public.
What if we could breed the legs off of dogs?
AMC should convert their theaters into playgrounds with obstacle courses and fun stuff. No kids.
A trampoline gym Luau where the roasted pig is strapped to the ceiling and you must jump to have a bite
This coming US Presidential Election everybody should write-in someone, literally anyone, that’s not on the ballot. It will be the highest voter turn out with the lowest polling numbers for both parties.
A crazy speech you have said at a wedding?
People who include Cantaloupe or Honeydew Melons in Fruit Salad should be put to death immediately without jury trial to prevent the brain disease from spreading.
Make political candidates take an oath before debating, subjecting them to perjury laws if they lie about their past.
In the event that an innocent person is executed on death row, the judge, prosecutor, and all jurors are given the death penalty.
Buy up all the surplus ventilators in a years time and convert them into high tech weed smoking devices
Have armored bank truck drivers wear safety goggles while handling money outside the truck just in case they get maced by a robber, since macing bank truck employees to steal the cash is a thing.
I want to abandon college, move to New York with the $567 I have right now in my bank account, and see what happens.
GIT: Global Internet Time - A time zone specifically for the internet that is the same regardless of where you live.
Make a ‘Where’s Waldo?’ audiobook.
Prime, biodegradable, all organic - all American butt wiping leaves in bulk.
Redo Clint Eastwood's movies but with the Mandalorian playing Eastwood's parts.
A phalanx of catgirls that follows you everywhere and claps.
Negative votes during elections
An app like Shazam that listens to part of a Netflix show and tells you how much of the episode is left.
Anyone want to join us! :D
Every city/town has a master shut off switch for all electricity. Twice a year it shuts off for 30 minutes so we can see the entire milky way at night.
A charity lottery to choose who gets to press the big red "ban" button on President Trump's twitter when he leaves office.
YouTube Closed Caption of Music Title
100 000 people sell to themselves
A TV show like the Truman show with clones of Hitler in different countries across the globe
"Carol didn't wear her safety goggles, now she doesn't need them" style ad campaign but with masks
A big warehouse car dealership with all car companies.
Rather than the passenger thanking the bus driver, have the bus driver say "Be careful down there, Boss"Make an all-electric Dodge Charger that by law only works with a genuine Dodge charger, or else you could be charged with charging your Charger with a dodgy charger.
We Are Strongest Together, Is this Out time?
Protest MAGA rallies
Tinder but when you swipe up for a superlike you can also add a message
Instead of an abortion, we take the baby out and put it into an artificial womb.
Counterfeit zero euro banknotes and sell them to collectors. They have no monetary value and can be sold for a great profit
Crossbreed a tiger and a leopard to create an animal that has both spots and stripes
With each Gold and platinum awards to this post I will respectively give a Silver and Gold award to the best ranked short Jokes you can make about pineapples.
Trump vs Obama
A necklace that senses muscle movement to help with virtual reality head movement.
Rebrand BLM as Stop Killing Blacks At Disproportionate Rates And Often For Minor Misdemeanors
Field reporters should have secret service/bodyguard types assigned to each of them. When people try to stop the freedom of the press, they can force their way past.
Play Risk but every battle is decided by a round of Stratego
Imagine if pulling a cable out from an electrical socket involved as much physical work as is being done by the electricity in the cable.
Reddit should give 100 coins to people for every 5000 times they upvote.
We make a second halloween-like holiday in spring.
Placebo (does nothing) suicide pills that supposedly take a month to work, giving the person time to reconsider if they want to live
Automatically crosspost all r/unpopularopinion posts to subreddits where they will certainly be unpopular
Nobody owns the words in someone else's mouth. Tell us, in your own words, what happened. Any words you say become your own words when you say them.
Everyone who enacts a law must pay for the negative effects of the law on innocent people.
Toasters should have a window so you can see how your bread is doing
Use the spiraling confidence in America as a viral marketing campaign for Rocky IV Part II
High school course about Wage and Hour laws
A crowdfunding website called Kickender to unfairly shut down the competition like corporations often do. Don't like Amazon or Walmart? Kickend them. Don't like the little guy? Amazon and Walmart maybe want to fund into that.
This whole video
If Spotify (or any music streaming platform) had a party feature where they'd play the highlight of each song and then skip to the next one.
Looking for som feedback:)
What if I started a company that built cheap real estate.
Pop-Tart should make a box of mystery flavors where each pack is wrapped in foil with just the logo and question marks and the pastries inside are two different flavors picked randomly from all options currently in production.
?
A website where you link to file X that you already have, and file Y which is a newer or altered version of file X, and the website creates a patch that's a lot smaller than file Y which you can use to patch file X into file Y.
Get a job!
Carol Baskin should change her middle name to "Fuckin"
History technology warehouses around the world
An "Expendables" for every genre of movie.
Pornhub but with way less incest
Medical QR Codes
A weather app which tells what weather was like in past
Build gaming and gambling systems around storms. People can bet on how much area will be affected, highest speed, and storm trajectory. On one hand, it would encourage scientific study. On the other hand, we have evil geniuses that would find a way to win.
Abolish all currency and make everything free
the day before april fools day is the end of an april fools year, where huge practical jokes are revealed, like nobody has actually died from covid they are all back stage on our reality tv show - april fools year, or like all speed limits were raised by 10 mph a year ago and we just didnt tell you
J Mai is, quote, a "Black-Vietnamese, transgender nonbinary/gender transcendent mermaid Queen-King currently living out their ever-evolving truths in Winston-Salem." J Mai spoke at the DNC, advocating to abolish prisons abolish the police, and said the ultimate goal is a communist utopia. Thoughts?
If we are in a simulation, our existence is just a delete button away.
A Boiler Room set in Bikini Bottom Goo Lagoon with Spongebob song remixes and characters dancing. Featuring Squilliam as DJ
Can we band together to bully companies into implementing our ignored feature requests?
When the Door Grubber brings food to fellow caveman, and they forget ANY items from order.. they need return to restaurant retrieve missing items, bring to customer + refund the cost of the items to customer. Make right, not left.
Bathrooms should offer a wider range of entertainment options.
An undergarments company called 'Boxers or Briefs' that makes boxers &amp; briefs.
A betting site listing politicians and high ranked military officials who've contacted the COVID-19
Develop a vaccine that can be delivered via flaming hot cheetos
The year after 2359 should be called 0000.
KarensOnly.com Dating Site
A Covid reveal party. If the balloon you pop is pink then you're clear and have a party! If it's blue, then the party was probably a bad idea.
Thirst Trap Blocker App. An app which blocks thirsty thumbnails or pictures from showing on your feeds.
Support the troops, regardless of who you are or where you live, even if its the troops of a country invading yours
The chemical in gum that makes water taste cold when you drink it. Put that chemical in a drink so it tastes cold without being cold
Cell phone filming classes in high schools to help eliminate Shakey/out of focus/missed action/ended too soon videos.
Boy Scout popcorn in Girl Scout cookie flavors
‘Absolute Value Day’where negative numbers temporarily all turn positive.
Create a windshield fluid company and name it "710".
The end of COVID19 should reset the calendar which marks the start of 1 AC (After Covid)
If we want to eliminate coronavirus, we should just get someone famous to say that 4chan can’t find/develop a cure for it, because those people will do everything in their power to prove people wrong lol
Mrs. Universe pageant but for planets judged by a galactic council.
I'm in grade 8 and we have this thing each year where we have to think of a problem and solve it. It can be any problem that we can solve(we actually have to make a physical model of it as well. If reddit is kind enough, I would like some random problems which I can make a model to solve. I am what
Make certain bad decisions illegal
Why's everyone going all in on self-driving taxis/trucks when we could have remote controlled ones instead?
Make the Sex Offender Shuffle an actual punisument on top of jail time for sex offenses.
The movie "Inside out", but with a depressed drug addict as the main character
What if everyone protested inside human hamster bubbles. Ones that were super resistant to puncture. Bring an air supply. What justification could possibly be given for doing anything to the protestors. They would literally be unable to be anything but be peaceful. Covid safe too.
Why You Should Focus on the Foreclosure Niche in Your Real Estate Investing Business.
Hand Bar soap with a small Kinder-Egg like toy in the centre to encourage younger children to wash their hands. The more they wash, the more the soap gets worn away, the more likely it is that they get the toy.
This name for a race horse: "They made me say penis."
Trees should have different colored leaves per property so crazy neighbors can easily identify who to yell at when the leaves blow into their yard.
First person to 1 trillion dollars gets their head caved in
Phone manufacturers to include a "close all except Spotify obviously" button when mass-closing apps
A crossover between Toy Story and Chucky.
Everyone who has done well with the GME stock should donate 1 penny to Melvin Capital and Citron after the short squeeze.
A water fountain that allows you to flavor your water anyway you’d like. Kinda like the soda machines at Wendy’s where you can flavor your coke
update to google maps, adding blueprints of all buildings. apart from banks and shops or other loot-able places.
A password card
Prompts on social media that warn you before you post.
Vaccines should be marketed as MMS
Dump a massive barrel of LSD in the local tap water supply
Have the option to sort by random instead of Top New etc
Smurfs??
For some small $ per day, your Facebook feed BLOCKS ALL POLITICAL POSTS.
Make job ads required to list an accurate salary range and a link to the costs and benefits of the health insurance they offer
We put bacon on everything, but what about putting things on bacon?
Two Sherlock Holmes movies starring The Rock and Kevin Hart as Holmes and Watson. The Rock plays Holmes in one and Watson in the other and vice versa with Hart.
Need advice on terrible gifts
Selectively breed termites to eat concrete and use them as war weapons to slowly and quietly destroy enemy cities.
The DIRT diet
Apple should make a sleek designed phone with updated os that only has call &amp; text on it. No other useless features that a phone doesn’t need to have
English needs a half comma. I keep feeling like I need to add a comma where it's not grammatically correct, even there there's a tiny pause in the sentence.
The NRA should do a fundraiser where they send every black woman in America a handgun for free
To protect small businesses from permanently closing due to covid, all taxes for this year should be canceled and all debts temporarily suspended, with the debts tacked on to the end of their timelines.
Art Museums but cozy and intimate
Make a hot sauce called frank sriracha
Cartoon Network should make their own streaming service (like Netflix) for all of their old and new shows.
Require all elected officials in the US to pass the citizenship test required for immigration before they can become eligible to run for office.
Replace all guns in the USA with swords
Small bathtub
A news channel named Faux News that looks like Fox News
How can we help street guys and homeless children world widely....
A fantasy league where people draft Onion articles they think are most likely to wind up becoming real
Print a new translation of the bible, but start every sentence with "Allegedly"
Make a Spiderman movie called "Spiderman: Dark Web." The plot: Spiderman and Venom bid on items on the dark web.
Make a full-scale map
Electrolysis of water for free
A form of government where all politicians are anonymous
Blockchain the Police
Criminal records expire to public background checks after ten years, similar to DMV and credit records.
Wearing masks for COVID 19 protection is a great time to practice ventriloquism and funny mouth noises.
A new game show called "Dicktionary". It's like that game where you guess what the other dude's drawing, but instead of a marker you draw stuff with your Dick!
Make torturing more ethical (from the point of view of the golden rule) by allowing only masochists to be torturers.
A taxi/Uber service that only hires deaf/mute drivers! Give your destination to the voice-activated GPS and enjoy your journey without any of that awkward small-talk, while providing employment for people with disabilities!
Whisper in Trumps ear: “There’s never been a billionaire elected pope!”
What if we can convince someone people actually like to run for pres?
Getting rid of police uniforms should be the first step in the right direction with everything going on.
A reddit where your upvote power grows with the amount of karma you get
It would be neat to have a machine that can give you a constant stream of music based purely on brain activity.
Give citizens money for not committing crimes and/or for having a clean driving record
We should just wear a mask for a few weeks until we get rid of this damn virus
Low Sodium Salted Caramel Cookies
Tinder for sad people
Among Sport
An app/software that replaces the contacts names with their reddit ids in your phone.
a site like reddit, except people actually share content and never make it about themselves.
Metronome test, easy at home test for Covid
Teslas should recognize when you're on an on ramp and automatically and briefly play the chorus of "Highway to the Dangerzone"
Become a Pirate and take all the trash in the ocean to create your own boat army
Make a key word search within the comment section of posts much like they do at the end of a deposition transcript to check if people have discussed what you want to share.
A pay toilet that would take body waste as payment.
Create a deep sea satellite to explore the remaining 80% of the sea.
Let’s make Biden’s new slogan „Drain the swamp“
An app where everyone gives everyone a dollar
Ship all the COVIDiots to some useless land like inland Australia, and let them have their defenseless fun.
VR can save the event economy.
Replece ell vewels weth the letter E.
A tv show where actors and actresses from specific comedy or horror genre movies or tv shows like the office, silent hill, dinner for shmucks, etc. Get high and try to perfectly act out highlights from their selected tv shows/movies
A buddy cop show about an MMA fighter who teams up with a nebbish lawyer called Boxer &amp; Briefs
New Marvel supervillain called Mister Fister
Create a wisdom of the crowd subreddit with a bot that averages out the answers. If it works, improve it with machine learning and tackle larger questions.
COURT SHIP
Car wash, but with paint. For easy paint jobs.
Create a steaming site like twitch but instead of streaming video games, it’s cops’ body cams
My idea is that there has to be a day once a year where you can react to old comments and posts on Reddit.
I'm starting a new company called "Party Poopers"... Loud partyin' teenagers ruining your night? Give us a call and we'll send a dude to show up and just SHIT right there in the middle of the party.
To compensate for slavery and the three-fifths compromise, have black people's votes count as five thirds of a vote.
Drill some holes in the ship stuck in the Suez Canal and let it sink. Problem solved.
FE: High Ticket Jacker ($9.95-$12.94)
Somebody should download every movie Trump did a cameo in, cut him from the movie and then seed it on all the torrent sites
we should stop calling food their fake names and call them by their fda classification
Cartons of Peppy's Farms Goldfish crackers should have one XL novelty sized goldfish cracker hidden inside that's the momma fish.Fire the 2 worst officials/refs/umpires every year and promote new ones.
Congress should offer Trump $10 billion to resign immediately. If he accepted their offer, many lives would be saved.
Get a Priest, have him bless certain foods, and start selling Holy Canoli, Holy Mackerel, Holy Guacamole, Holy Cow, Holy Water, Swiss Cheese, Holy Smokes etc.
Hear me out: it’s Chopped, but each chef is only given 4 microwaves of varying strengths to cook with.
Hard Water-Induced Hairloss
Create a fizzy drink who's gas travels down the urinary pathway instead of the bowels, causing farts through the urinary tract.
What if we started breeding people like we do dogs? Try to make some breed of people with really long arms or stubby faces. We could have some weird looking people.
Running with tackling competition.
Replace all lifts and stairs with paternoster lifts in order to clean the gene pool of slowpokes
If you are down on your luck, you can sell your reproductive organs to the government for a full ride permanent 5x minimum wage regardless of future income. All monies you don't spend go back to the central fund when you die.
Why can't we try creating gym weights using electromagnets? They would be light to transport and would only require electricity.
If we ever get a gay president, mint 3$ bills and out him on it
420/69 is 6 if you round it down. 6 is the coolest single digit numeral.
Anyone who identifies as a "Sovereign Citizen" to avoid local laws is then treated as an illegal immigrant and deported to one of the only areas on the planet that has no government (Antarctica).
Facebook should make it more difficult to call someone face to face. There should be a two button calling system. It should ask if you're sure you want to call the person.
Build a wall that looks very secure but isn't secure around Detroit, make it possible to get in and out of Detroit but make it seem hard. Due to reverse phycology people might start going to Detroit voluntarily more and get the population back up
A priority setting for Song Playlists that can allow multiple songs to appear multiple times naturally when shuffled
Sandpaper troll
Create JesusMilk. It’s perfect for people who need Jesus and need some milk
Remove Columbus Day and Make Election Day a Federal Holiday.
A Democratic Debate where the audience can only clap if a candidate answers the question in the allocated time.
A dating site filter button to filter escorts and whirls, thus reducing the unsolicited shilling on dating apps
Sanders supporters should vote Trump if Biden wins the nomination so that the decision looks even worse.
Create urban hell by introducing pay per use traffic lights. You want a green light, cough up the dough, otherwise only red lights for you. You run a red light you get fined.
Give every single American that has less than a billion dollars 1.8 trillion dollars each.
New user
Pink version of Grell from Black Butler?
Mars terraforming idea.
What if antimaskers just a have terrible dental hygiene and are really protesting their own stankbreath?
Like a translator but when you type your sentence it cuts together clips of the person of your choice so that person utters what you typed.
On Hold Waiting Rooms
Disable karma for posts mourning the deceased
Base the NFL order Draft on where teams are after week 10 of the season instead of at the end. Also allow every player the option of going thumbs down on any offer.
Recreate Paintings out of cheese so that the blind can smell them.
There should be a Who framed Rodger rabbit style movie but instead its anime style
The government raises child support payments for daughters to make up for gender paygap
Making a trend on tik tok of going into dangerous places and doing tik toks so annoying tik tok trend whores will slowly die off
Looking for a reddit user with this femdom pic.
A minecraft server that starts on the "void" biome (it's literally just stone, water and bedrock). Every real-life hour all players gain 1 random item.
After watching a show for the 100th time show someone text something to a character from the show that they have known their entire life and it be the only text message sent on the screen... maybe have some previous texts on the phone lol
A New Moon
Make it mandatory that financial lenders identify themselves on the envelope of all mail.
Since preisidental debates are now just arguments we should replace debates with smackdowns. Put both canidates in a boxing ring and we'll see who wins the match. (Even though the canidates are old, the one to survive wins. It's primitive but it JUST may work.)
what is the difference between hot wings and spicy wings?
Like tin cans on a string but people can be further apart and communicate without strings or wiresTemporary Wi-Fi devices
Should we not base Coronavirus count on % instead of total?
We create a new Olympics, which allows any and all types of doping
Can i prove whether women can use stereotypes to their advantage?
YouTube comments should include a timestamp of the time the video was at when the comment was posted.
Fight forest fires by air-dropping loads of Dry Ice
Go up to random grocery store employees and say "thank you for your service"
Anti-gold: Costs double but also eliminates one of the poster's gold. Sometimes a down vote isn't enough.
Mixing shampoo with conditioner to easily make a 2-1 Hair Wash
An anonymous post application, but you only see the posts from other countries in the world and you will never see the posts from your country, if you want to see the posts from your country you have to use a VPN.
Home plastic molding machine: melt plastic water bottles to make LEGO bricks, frisbees or other small plastic items.
If a post on Reddit is deleted within 48 hours of posting, all Reddit awards should be returned to the people who gifted them
Maybe?
Are you single male looking for a date? But getting dumped all time or rejected.
I’ve got a crazy yet simple mobile game idea, but I need a developer who’s willing to develop it for 60% stake. Any qualified takers?
"Put up or shut up" challenge for American Christians. Either provide food, clean water and shelter for all the nation's poor by 2030 or we take "One nation under God" off our money and the pledge.
Make a beater that’s specifically designed for female hands. Call it a woman beater.
A tattoo shop but instead of tattoos you sell scars
Baby related advertising with thrash metal music
Crowdfund politicians.
TMZ Reporter school. If you are a loser and are fulfilled with stalking celebrities , this is the career for you.Requirement ,You must lack a moral compass and have no freinds
A browse function on Etsy that is completely random
Since America's decisions affect everyone around the world, wouldn't it make sense if everyone got to vote in the US elections?
The police in the George Floyd murder should be kneeled on their knecks in return.
People who got something from Mr Beast that were featured in his videos showing what they do with that something.
Tell someone who has a disease that they no longer have it to abuse the placebo effect
A VR jumpsuit
Your own meat
It'd be cool if you could nut to anything pleasurable you do too long and get post-nut clarity. For example you've spent way too long playing video games... NUT ... Then get on with your day. Long conversation? nut. You name it
Your mom doesn't want you to grow mushrooms in the house, but we do and we are teaching people how.
A mandatory gene therapy which periodically alters people’s physical characteristics to match the different major ethnicity groups.
Tinder should make it so girls run out if left swipes instead of right.
Codeine infused chocolate
"Nigga" is the n-word too. So let's change it to Tigga. Added bonus of making everything it's used for cute
A plug-in that changes the “No Thanks” option on annoying notifications to “Shut the fuck up”
A digital chip that gets implanted in your head once you become 18 to give you access to age restricted content by looking at the title for a few seconds
Windows should have its own achievement system such as, "Encrypt your first folder!" or "Run Windows Defender virus scanner atleast 10 times"
Celebrate Bastille Day every year by building guillotines in front of rich people's homes.
Okay hear me out. Let’s bring back Club Penguin...but in Fall Guys.
Once all this shit is over and it's safe to meet again... Would be cool to also reset our fears of one another and building really chill crowds, like we did at concerts when we were rreaöly young.
In the eventual movie about his life, Jeffrey Epstein is played by Richard Gere.
A subreddit where people give away their old pc parts similar to /randomactsofgaming
All /r/blunderyears should automatically become /r/roastme
Create a super controversial political organization called "stop killing kittens" and say anyone who opposes it hates kittens.
Just hear me through
A website called "Go back to school" with videos of real teachers holding classes in streams scheduled like a normal school day.
Have a de-revolutionary war to get the United Kingdom to take us back before the election
Athletes should take a knee during the Anthem in protest of abortion being legal. Conservatives' minds would explode and they wouldn't know how to react.
TLIFU (This Life I F***ked Up): A subreddit where people who have seriously messed up their health, wealth, prospects to post sincerely about mistakes they made along the way)What if teachers tell you not to use Wikipedia and Google Translate because they're just jealous they didn't have it when they were in school
They should teach teens in school that the transfer of poop into eg a uterus can cause E. coli (along with them what conditions like that are) instead of shouting at the for half the lesson cos the teacher hate their lives.
A battle royale game where everyone spawns near eachother and the map is 10× smaller
$3/box storage, pickup and drop off.
A full online marketing campaign promoting a "get rich quick" course, which upon registration warns you that these kind of courses are scams.
Starbucks but for tea
Start a conspiracy theory website... parrot the usual garbage until your site gets popular.... then start releasing actual scientific data and tell people you've uncovered the truth that the government was hiding from people this whole time.
Only have musical roads, and make the music be horrible when driving too fast. Therefore everyone drives at the speed limit to not hear shit music.
Politicians' salaries should be exactly the average income of the nation.
All laws should be written in a coding language and open source so people can enter their parameters and see how it would affect them.
For the really vain, hernia meshes can be designed/shaped to make it look like you have a 6 pack belly.
When searching lost persons from air, they should throw survival-boxes on several positions, which also contain a baloon on a string that goes up when the box is opened.
A action movie with fight scenes similar to r/fightporn
Alexa and Star Trek
Fill your vagina with ink and use a regular dildo to measure its depth.
Trump should take out (another) ridiculously high loan to buy an island and start his own country, so that him and all his cult followers will leave America.
A Spotify playlist of the 2nd best song of One-Hit Wonder bands
Do a podcast where someone takes acid before speaking to a priest in a confessional.
Why is littering a $1000 fine, but not wearing a mask in public isn’t?
We should take celebrities and athletes at 99.9% for anything above the median US income
Since they’ll never bite on universal healthcare in the US and our military spending is out of control and somehow justified, we should just have the military take over the healthcare system since we already paid for their time and expertise.
Rename YouTube Kids to just YouKids or KidsTube
2 hamburgers patties &amp; a bun in the middle, eaten with edible cheese gloves.
An overnight neighborhood watch where each neighbor is equipped with an air horn to 1) alert other neighbors and 2) startle troublemakers
Make it legal to donate your body to necrophiliacs when you die.
Change the name of Wuhan China to Wu-Tang
The New Year’s Eve, but as a 24h-long celebration since every part of the world enters the new year at a different time
Force the squirrels to wear parachutes.
Amidst the Covid-19 fiasco, everyone bands together and orders nothing for one day, so people like me get a rest from delivering it all.
Start a line of fashion that includes a 6-ft social distancing ring
The "Suxophone"
We should try trickle up economics this time
Every car gets two horns: a loud aggressive one for saying "you idiot" and short melody for "thank you"!
A buffet that charges you by the pound. by weighing you when you come in, and again on your way out.
Drinking game, while watching TV with commercials at the moment. Drink every time u hear "in these uncertain / difficult times", "in this together", "we are here for you", or soft piano music.
Brothels should be required to serve broth to customersInject yourself with disinfectant and sue Donald Trump
King Size Bunk BedGMO cactus...add the flavor and texture of strawberries. Replace the needles with tasty raspberry flavored corn hairs.
Everyone except the news and government officials stops talking about the goddam fucking corona virus
Spread a fake "leaked" list of distinctive-yet-obscure supposed Antifa "secret signals" to keep this administration on a wild-goose-chase
Let the governemnt of any country be partially elected by votes from the country’s allies in addition to the votes of country’s own citizens
Study linguistics and create a constructed language with a unique writing system without telling anyone about it. Translate "My Immortal"(Harry Potter fanfic) into your new language, write it down on a scroll of old parchment paper, put it in a fancy box, and bury it at an obscure historical site.
Everyone who doesnt believe in covid can get a free strand of the virus shipped to them
make and sell eggnog ...year round, not just around the holidays
Time limit feature you can set on your Apps in your phone settings
For the Reddit age if you pass 365 days you should have the year but also the day until the next cake day
What if, on one day we all boycott streaming services that censor or take away episodes? They can’t handle taking a financial hit this large due to the pandemic.
Take a high quality picture of something that looks unnatural or sereal then post it on 3D art subreddits (r/c4d, r/blender etc.)
Phones should have a button dedicated to turning on the flashlight
Fully customizable volume for movies and shows
A *disclaimer of only 1 word, and that word is Not, like what if IHOP advertised "eating at waffle house does* cause cancer, *not"
A way to sort by the oldest unanswered question.
coffee table book
Don't You Know Who Am: The Game Show
A reddit bot that replies to "good bot" comments with "good human"
Whoever wins the presidency must reside in the poorest town in the United States for the duration of their presidency.
Roller Toaster: The Toaster on WHEELS!
If voting is supposed to have more influence on government than money, that is a testable theory by allowing people to sell 10% of their votes and check the free market price.
brand new incredible reality show idea featuring washed up stupid old celebrities
You go around and say, "I have found a way to record dreams." You get a bunch of unknowing test subjects, and connect wires to their bodies while they sleep
Auction to sell the naming rights for all the stars in the Universe, of course keep the proper scientific name as well. The funds will be used to fight diseases and poverty in the world.
Minimum wage varies by state depending on the mean cost of living in said state
Adult version of an ice cream truck: A produce truck that drives around selling select fresh fruit, veggies and herbs late morning to late afternoon
Public places that have multiple-stall bathrooms should play loud music in the bathrooms so people don't hear you using the toilet.
If any government wants to relax their social distancing policies, all politicians of said government should forfeit all protections they have for their health like temperature screening and virus testing
A subreddit for karma farming, where everyone subbed upvotes on every post and every comment in the sub so everyone gets fake internet points rich. Also, so new reddit users can beat the minimum karma requirement some subs have that stop people from being involved.
Simcash- sell your sms (passive income)
Lawmakers should have to get paid minimum wage so they would actually want to increase it
Tab Cab. Basically an uber to get you mixed drinks from your favorite bar to your house, or a six-pack of your favorite alcoholic beverage at your doorstep.
Let’s go back to calling the US the “wild west”
3D printed sea shells to replace toilet paper
How to give YouTube Channel Access with someone without share Your Email...
Watching the 60 Minutes interview with Mike Pence, and it dawned on me that Christian Bale would absolutely slay playing him in a film
New State
Basically an app who can play songs based on random people who's around so we know what's their personality and their interest so we can talk, dating and shit.
A reality TV show where flat earthers react to being sent to outer space and the ISS
Combine a cemetery with a minigolf course.
Make frontline type oral medication for Deer to prevent tick borne illnesses.
Other animals know exactly what we're doing when we're pointing, they just have better poker faces than dogs.
Instead of autocorrect being on/off make it a slider.
If humans were a species with 720 different sexes instead of 2 (like the Physarum polycephalum) perhaps each building would have 720 different bathrooms for each genders.
Single term limit of 5 years for presidents so their focus is more on running the country rather than running for re-election.
Vaccine testing
A Reddit feature to block all content from specific URL's rather than based on subreddit
Why don’t all Porta-Potty manufacturer’s create molds that are designed and painted like a TARDIS from Dr Who ?
The office homosexual energy drink
Concert tickets that have to be resold in person so that bots and scalpers get fucked over
Make an all female reboot called “12 angry women” about deciding a Me Too case.
investing in africa in the heat of the pandemic
Hopefully, during the coronavirus epidemic, there will be one company in which everyone gets infected due to being in open offices, and we can all go back to having our own offices again.
My plan for world domination
A desk but made out of recycled doll houses.
Just passed through my mind
The three super powers should prank people by saying warheads are fired at each other so families tell one another they love them.
Orgies for sex offenders.
A jury system, but for gun ownership
In response to a fire, firefighters airlift an airtight dome to drop over a house, then let the fire deplete all the oxygen
Instead of individual testing for Corona, get together with a group of friends and all share some bodily fluids. Now only one person needs testing and if its positive, you all get to quarantine together!
Netflix should make a TV series off of the Homeworld video game.
A restaurant called "The Haram Guys" that just serves classic American fare with bacon sprinkled on everything.
When someone has “Amish” in their username they automatically get banned from Reddit
We should put a Wall of Moms around the Capital for the next few days.
Create a sequel/prequel for the movie "Ferris Bueller's Days Off"
Comment with picture on Reddit, why not?
Roots redone and re-released. But, all the white and black people are switched.
I think we could end the national coin shortage by getting all of the coins from the Goonies wishing well
The Match.com commercial with Rebel Wilson should be turned into a podcast called “Let’s Make Love With Rebel” where Rebel Wilson gives relationship and sex advice.
Former smokers with electronic voices should become voice actors. They could corner the market on robots, computers, Android's, etc.
A Balkan tour agency which sells vacation packages where they take you to the graves of famous regional historical figures from countries you hate, and you can urinate them. Nikola Tesla, Regis Philbin, etc
A communication dashboard in your car that lets you call nearby cars via bluetooth.
Don't allow the steering wheel of a car to be turned more than 10 degrees unless the turn signal has been on for five seconds prior.
An action movie, but only with completely realistic sound effects
One problem solves another problem
Have your ring bearer dress as Frodo
Similar to the Amish, start a society that refuses to acknowledge any technology beyond the 1960s. We would be called The Zeniths.
A suit that collects sweat from all over your body, filters it, and converts it into drinking water
Create a dating site for a specific demographic (e.g Christianmingle) but make it the most specific demographic possible. The target demographic of the dating site is actually just the site creators ideal romantic partner, so the creator will know whoever signs up is "the one".
a toaster, but it uses a camera to determine where to shoot the bread when it's done, so that you don't have to go and get it.
In 100 years refilm the Martian with the scenes all filmed exclusively on Mars
Breed and train dogs large enough to ride on
Cities should expropriate Trump properties (all of them) to create a safe quarantine zone for the houseless.
Open Sidney World, next to Disney World for dyslexic vacationers.
What if we use this time to create a IA to build an ideal socio economic system, like the one agent Smith talks about in the Matrix, but real?
Anti-karma/Negative awards
Create a website full of Trump's statements and give a possibility for every visitor to adjust his statements as they see fit and post it on social media.
Reddit installs a button that lets you quickly jump to the comment post above like they already let you skip to the comment post below.
All heros must wear capes
Give a statue absolute power over the country. Make people formulate all requests/questions to it in form of yes/no questions formulated in such way that "no" will lead to stopping doing things or refusing to start doing them. Interpret prolonged silence as "no".
Format the next presidential debate like a Jeopardy game
Reinstate the "execution by firing squad" law.
The gulags could have existed to mine mammoth ivory so they could corner the ivory market world wide.
A "Keisha" meme, counter to the "Karen" meme, for posts about a stereotypical black woman.
Policing reform
To appease the angry ghost of Teddy Roosevelt, all Americans will be required to literally walk softly and carry a big stick wherever they go.
Impose no-mask fines where the money goes to the perpetrator's opposing political party
A sequel to Superbad called Superdads and it’s basically the Superbad version of Grown Ups but not garbage.
What if instead of having the president declare war, it was put up to a popular vote and everyone who voted yes had to sign up for the draft.
Protestors should just dress up like cops since they don't need to show their badge number anyway, how they gonna find out?
A filter that identifies annoying, short lived meme trends. If it happens over night, and most comments are complaints, it just removes it from your feed. (Yee yee haircut)
At the next company board meeting yell "WHAT UP BOOMAS?"
Eliminate all pandering holidays and celebrate them whenever you want.
Eat 3 theater sized boxes of Nerds in a single sitting. Do it you coward.
Augmented reality game that lets you relive historic moments as any of the popular characters
Visit a duck/goose pond and loudly proclaim "Hah! What a goose! Who does he think he is?!'
Ethical concerns aside here we go: A reality tv show where all the contestants are paranoid schizophrenics and they are tasked with finding the government agent among them. None of them are government agents.
If shoelaces had magnetic tips to hold the ends together, then we wouldn't step on them when our laces come untied.
Misfortune Cookies
Reddit should offer the ability to watch video ads in support of charitable causes
A fridge that can take air from outside the building.
A remake of Stanley Kubrick's The Shining starring Tommy Wiseau
Have a terrible but enthusiastic non-dancer choreograph ther own dance then hire professional backup dancers to replicate it exactly for a performance. Change admission.
A device that plugs into USB that blinks a big light so you know your zoom camera/microphone is on so you don't embarrass yourself
A reanimating of the first 10 seasons of The Simpsons
Homeless people write a short list of things they need on their signs (if they hold them).
US could switch military funding with medical care.
Molds for your butt to shape your poo like play doh spaghetti
All businesses should mandate a test for not wearing a mask. Going to a mcdonald’s? Test. Picking up groceries? Test. Tickle their brain until so inconvenient they will wear a mask to not get tested.
Working 5 days a week from office should be globally replaced with 2 days Work From Office + 3 days WFH instead.
Ambulance chasing lawyers should sell stuff on Facebook Marketplace and Craigslist to find new clients, because no group of people have more last minute emergencies than folks who say they'll show up at a certain time to buy your stuff.
A video chat service with a "bad connection" feature could make a lot of money right now.
Piano students: At your next recital, play "Für Elise" then have a buddy walk around the audience selling ice cream bars and Bomb Pops.
A game set in a small town where every single npc becomes a playable character and the game is just playing through their daily lives and interactions
Geographic exchange program, so we can swap Texas with France for a year.
We now have the Tech/Industrial Ability To Realize a New Socio-Economic Model: Star Trek meets Brave New World: You owe society 10 yrs labor than can choose to continue working or Retire.
A Japanese dub of Peanuts so that every time Charlie Brown says "good grief" its "yare yare daze"
buy a 2 foot long piece of rebar from your local hardware store for around $2 and turn it into a small air tank by stretching it outward from the inside
Reborn books
All campaign promises must be 75% met or the party leader is jailed for the next 4 years
If the one-way mirror were made into a fabric, wearing clothes made using this material would not give you tanlines.
All MLB teams refuse to play the Astros
Rename the United States of America to the American Territorial Organization. That way, we can refer to the President as POTATO.
Mike Bloomberg should spend $50 Billion on political ads
Caught in the act..
Iran seeks revenge against trump while enhancing their image by starting a windmill super fund and targets land near trump properties to develop
So what if Trump getting Covid-19 is the start of a series of coincidences that become a 'curse'? Like, "The last three presidents that installed three justices, or a justice in an election year, all perished in office."
An insane action anime about the founding fathers of the USA
A bill should be proposed making it illegal for elected officials to lie about Covid-19
Instead of referring to people by their genders, and possible face misgendering someone, just refer to them by their chromosomes, "x" or "y".
A app like Shazam but for strange noises in your house at night.
Replace Dr. Anthony Fauci with Anthony Kiedis
Shelf-Stable Ice
Instagram would be a great name for a cocaine delivery service
A shower head with one small hole that always sprays ice cold water so it balances out the scalding hot water and provides contrast which feels amazing.
A casino monopoly with real money in which players can choose their starting amount and the winner gets all the money
Famous bands (I'm looking at you BTS) should release songs about hand washing to remind kids to keep their hands clean. The songs should be 40 seconds long so they can be used as a timer when washing your hands.
Give em an island
Raid the trillions stashed away in tax havens to pay everyone during the pandemic
Drones should have little bird legs so they can perch on things
A Bean Bag Chair that you can drive around.
How dare youConvert the OK sign from a white supremacist sign to an 'OK to POOP' campaign where people take selfies of themselves on the toilet with the OK symbol.
Someone invent a musical genre called Diamond Rock to contain the hardest rock music possible.
People who have Celebs social media accounts, instead of being malicious hack something like Elon Musk's Twitter, and do absolutely nothing other than a single post. It should be a resume for a cyber security position.
Tabs inside YouTube so you dont have to lose the video you're watching to pull up another video.
Newspaper Source Linkage
Create the "Change the subject" holiday. When news and media talk about something other than the same things they talk about everyday.
A Warm Bodies x Soylent Green type movie except where people sign up to become Soylent Green and the Warm Bodies people can take their pick
A law that allows a person or more to have a year to build their own home. (Normal size home, tiny house, even tree house.) If build before the due date, will be able to keep part of the land the home is build on with no charge.
Use LSD squirt guns against the police.
A news outlet called ‘Neutral Nuggets’ where each story is summarized via key bullet points and from a non-political (neutral) perspective
A microwave that could fast-forward.
Fishing for birds.
It should be a law that you have to have Rain X on all car windshields.
When the pandemic is over, quarantine r/Coronavirus.
Using AI to create movie plots
Pass a law prohibiting people from using alchemy to transmute metals, in the name of currency stability. The anti-science, conspiracy theory nutjobs will waste all their time trying to turn lead into gold instead of fighting against vaccines, mask-wearing, and climate change mitigation.
Use hand sanitizer as lube to prevent STDs
Snapchat but instead of usernames and adding friends, snaps are sent to/received from random people
Taking one full bottle of whiskey...
The National Weather Service should make alerts when it is going to be a bit too sunny the same as any storm.
What if we all just act like we don’t know/don’t remember Donald Trump. This could be the conspiracy his supporters have been looking for this whole time.
I want a documentary series that can more or less teach me what a psychology degree could.
Championship of fist fights between an atheist and a believer.
As a measure against the rising affection deficit and mental health crisis, also lack of jobs generally and protections for those in the field, sex work should be decriminalized post-pandemic.
Idea: Fix our broken financial system by universal adoption of electronic sound money
idea, raspberry W smart face mask!
If there is ever an international conflict, we should have the top 19 dodgeball players in our country (+the president)face off against the other county and their president. That way no one dies like pawns and we can settle disputes based on who wins the dodgeball game.
A dark souls type game where the final boss is a giant Abuela and her main weapon is a La Chancla.
I am coining this New Word, "exactronically".
As other sources of power take over the coal industry, build nuclear power plants on the decommissioned oil rigs.
A remote controlled trash can
A medicine to limit sugar intestinal absorbtion and thus allow to eat freely while always being on a diet
'Driving Miss Daisy' reboot with Betty White, Dave Chapelle, Jason Sudeikis as Boolie and Maya Rudolph as Idella
Collectively be patient on New hot Products with no supply
Sleeping is just a videogame with a queue timer. You have to wait for the queue to fall asleep.
Criminals when caught are not sent to prison but assigned a police officer linked to their area of crime for them to advise on the best way to catch people, techniques etc. The more crime is prevented and people caught the quicker the criminal is released.
Make a video of you putting your cock in a blender, but never turning it on, it's just a 2 hours long video of a cock chilling on a blender while you do like you are going to press the button
Make special edition of "Snow white" cartoon for regions where snow is black
"Girl insurance"/"boy insurance" - a policy that pays you out in the case of a break-up, divorce or marital infidelity.
I don't understand how can someone prefer money over life or economy over people? How seniors get forced to become soldiers and eventually martyr? Do you?
Can all countries please make a profile on split wise ASAP so we can settle all national debts?
Put ads on face masks, so everyone gets one and gets paid to use them.
headphones that sense when they're in/on your ears and automatically start pairing
Robot milk.
We need to make this an economic protest too
How to win the 100m at the Olympics: wear a 100m high pair of shoes and just fall over.
Pasta salad made out of gnocchi, so that it’s also potato salad
How to share the gospel with atheists
Just a thought.
Government provides a stipend to all citizens over the age of 40 who have no criminal past.
Make America A Dictatorship
A TV show that features gladiatorial combat but with drones instead of people.
Every Anti-5G person should be excluded from the access to 5G networks.
plug your wifi router into a smart wifi controlled outlet that you cant reach behind a bunch of stuff except thru wifi
Mass Corona Virus Testing Idea
Everlasting, self-cleaning pocket pussies
A plug for the bathtub, that drains as fast as it fills, so you can have constant hot water.
I think we should have a version of the olympics where doping is allowed, so we can fully see the maximum capabilities of the human body
A country could institute a global minimum wage by requiring companies to pay the difference between the employees actual pay and the minimum pay in additional taxes to the government
Skiing but with a wing suit so you can occasionally lift off, Or jump off cliffs.
Biden should disallow attendance to his inauguration to set example for ending pandemic.
We need global Catgirl-industrial policy
A "sushi" restaurant where the raw fish is replaced with raw beef/pork/chicken
Vote for for individual ideals and policies instead of someone who claims to hold those ideals as personal values
A dating app where you swipe right only on personalities. Then you swipe right to pictures only after you approved of their personalities.
A “fart diaper” that absorbs the smell and sound of farts so you can fart freely in public without embarassment
Towing and repossession services should be provided by the government.
A microwave oven with a removable interior for cleaning.
Omegle//tinder application for dating using solely voice call
If National Jobs Unemployment Rate Over 1%, Then The Problem Is Your Government &amp; Groups Behind
Put capsaicin oil on commonly touched public surfaces.
Laptop Accessory
Google maps should have directions along rivers for boats.
Reverse of an amazing or any e-commerce website where instead of buying, you post the item that you are looking for and people come up with the items and pitch to you.
Keep a pet spider on your face to reduce the number of mosquito bites
Every other hour, half the threads on reddit go back to nobody can see the votes, so people continue to vote on them instead of thinking they have enough votes.
A new sub for exceptional/underappreciated redditors
Does the risk of cancer depend upon the amount of the DES type drug taken during pregnancy?
Creating 365 reddit accounts during one year so every day will be your cake day
How’d we get here?
sticky notes that look like gum wrappers so you can crumple them up and toss them without worrying about people going through your trash
Its Always Sunny in Philadelphia but with Brady, Gronk, Edelman, and Belichick
An invention whose sole purpose is to say fuck you to naysayers like an electric skateboard for example
Make the next debate like a game show / miss American Pageant where each contestant has to stay in the sound booth proof booth until it's their turn to talk. And make a big spectacle of them coming in and out of the box every time.
Someone should find a way to get Bernie and Biden to debate on twitter and have actual people come up/vote on the questions for once.A city that doesn’t have roads, but instead has fields or forests in between buildings.
Viking Funeral
Curb gun crime by making stabbings a misdemeanor.
Since the Rona means theaters aren't really a thing, bring back the Greek chorus as a stand-in for the audience.
Ketchdown. It's like ketchup, but as low as possible.
A subreddit for honest debates- where hackneyed comments and fallacies have zero tolerance. Where participants have to use their OWN words- not borrowed thoughts and the latest 'hot takes'.
Create a time machine that can either jump forward into the future, jump backwards, fast forward into the future, or rewind into the past. Then jump 100 years to the future and use the rewind option to go back to the present and delete 100 years of the future.
A steam sale on June 9th where all of the titles are discounted by 69% but the title of every game is just changed to the word "Nice" and all the screenshots are censored so you're not entirely sure what you're buying into: Steam's Steamy Hot Summer Sale of Forbidden Lust
Unemplyment/idling: Before graduating, all schools should make it mandatory for students to have alr found a job or been accepted into the next level of academic training. Else the school will just assign one(job) to you, based on your competencies, preferences, and personality.
The United States disbands and each state becomes a new country
Guinea Bacon.
Tinder for movies
Somebody should create a character with the superpower to hit someone so hard that you can visibly see the sound effect noise. (Effects like BOOM, KAPOW, POW, WHAM)
Joe Biden choosing Bernie Sanders as his running mate
A restaurant called "Chinese Bats". Play up the whole Coronavirus thing as an quirky aesthetic, then exclusively hire staff with typhoid to get people sick on purpose but just not what they thought.
Mouth pods
Have a device that donates one of your dollars to a food bank whenever you open your refrigerator outside of set hours.
Turn the office of president into a Triumvirate. One elected Democrat, one elected Republicans, and one elected 3rd party.
Send your MAGA parents Facts, Logic and Science merchandise with real news sources. If they start using them, they might actually visit some mainstream news by osmosis.
I mean police have live's outside of work. Maybe cool clubs should start letting them in after work. Maybe they feel rejected because they're simpletons and can never get in.
U.S. only: Every time you commit a crime that the public would sympathize with, start screaming about jury nullification
crazycervix
Everyone stops buying Nintendo switch related stuff for a month to drop the price of gouged switches.
Ladies named Siobhan should become farmers. Because I can see-yo-barn
Use deepfake technology to make videos of Donald Trump stating factual information about COVID-19.
If we are forced to watch commercials, then they should have to make them good.
Webpage with licenceplates to tell other drivers how bad they drive. Modern cars with cameras will detect the plate and read you last comment.
Mental health search engine (type in what problem you’re facing and get directed to relevant self help articles)
catpitalism: it's like capitalism but instead of an economy its purrs and meows.
Have a band get on public transportation at 5 different consecutive stops and when the final band member gets on they play a show
Change the salary of all elected government officials to the median income of the country. Then, only those committed to changing society for the better will have power.
A country for LGBT+ people
Dr. Fauci should run for president.
We should change democracy so that the vote of more educated people counts more than those of the uneducated
https://gofund.me/51f8b3e8
Buy a $10,000,000 time share with 3,650 people with $2,739.73 each. After 10 years has passed and everyone has gotten to stay there for one night, sell it for a profit.
Cheetos but instead of super spicy super cool. Like Doritos cool ranch except the Cheetos version.
Games should be ranked into "tiers" based on how complicated their controls are. Beginners can play tier 1 games, once you're familiar with games you can play tier 2 ones, etc.
An implant for all politicians in public office that disables their ability to lie or tell half-truths
How about listening to your government instead of creating conspiracy theories from sitting in front of social media for too long?
Use for defunct malls and old Walmart's
Movie production companies should be forced to sell their movies to movie theatres for less if the movies suck to add a monetary incentive to making good movies.
A web or TV series that does a deep dive on what happens when something goes viral for a company (Among Us, Reddit Hugs of Death) or how it impacts a person's life when it happens to an individual or family (like the Ocean Spray guy).
Hey guys
Foam parties should be marketed to rave yourself clean
H vn .v:mxhb vm b h:. &amp;'&amp;jjcj jxjxxjd
Trump isn't actually a pedophile, he just legitimately feels he's still a child.
Found this cool idea on another sub
Anal beads but for your ears
Create a Double Barrel 20mm Gun that you fire by beating on a pair of drums.
Get pregnant through your nose, ass, ear, eyes and mouth instead boring vagene way ok
Anyone who breaks quarantine/lockdown rules should be forced to be the first testers in the human trials of the coronavirus vaccine
Depression Loan, you pay it off like British students pay their student one
Beers that are infused with deer testicle
Bring back slavery but only this time make it a pretty sweet deal
I Messiah Can Help The USA Remove Their Trade Deficit With Other Nations Back To 0 Within 5 Years
Crowdsourcing doctors
Eradicate mosquitos in a worldwide effort by supplying everyone with zappers
Most spam calls that I get start with a noticeable *boop!*, someone should invent an app that hangs up as soon as that tone is heard.
Concerts and sporting events without a crowd could have "Virtual Crowds" by adding fans to a Zoom call and streaming the audio over the loudspeakers
Engraving your Twitter feed onto your Tombstone.
A keyboard that has the option to type out emojis if you hold a certain key.
I reckon it would be another 10 years until calling somebody fat would be in the same weight as being racist today; and people would start tearing down industries and things with historical value that exemplifies the skinny.
Joe Biden selects Obama as his running mate. Gets sworn in. Immediately retires early for reasons. Obama becomes President.
When filing taxes, we also fill out a form for what we would like to contribute our individual dollars for. Each person decides what they would like to contribute to, voting with their dollar.
Make a tv show that puts hungry children locked in a room with a live cow.
Not so crazy but all the surviving bond actors come together in a giant bondextravaganza movie
Actors should only get to play one movie character in their entire careers.
I like to think of Jesus as like a patriotic, hung like Seabiscuit, crime fighting centaur named Cooter who gets more butt than your moms ashtray probably.
For April fools only tell the truth!
dggv
Run your penis like they're trying to run the internet. Before it can get hard, you need the governments permission to turn the loosening implant off.
MMA fights that don't start until fighters are already tired doing other things or have been drinking for a few hours.
Release all our criminally insane on them with machetes and swords if we goto war.
A Class Action Lawsuit against the Trump Campaign
Grow a following on soundcloud and get famouse. Then release a song about poop n shit.
An option on ads that says "i already own this product, stop sending me ads for it"
24 hour livestream of your governor sitting alone for the entirety of Thanksgiving and if they fail the challenge the people stick them in a guillotine.
Rename Tik Tok , Just call it Publicity Stunts
Super Upvote: Instantly give anyone a week of Reddit premium and 100 post upvotes.
Use a giant peltier module to cool the atmosphere, by using the heat of the core of the earth.
Universal start time of Noon but only on Mondays.
Interesting facts about drug and dating culture in Berlin and Italy
Inner city gangs tutoring kid's so they can become cops in the neighborhood
Toilet paper companies should conspire with soap companies to create a virus just dangerous enough to start worldwide panic, hugely increasing demand for their products and thus allowing them to inflate their prices and in turn profit
A game where u star with god mode on, and each level takes away one of your powers, and the final boss has all of them.
Professional sports leagues but the players on the teams get shuffled randomly every couple seasons
With people losing jobs like they are maybe now would be a viable time to
Bathroom stalls exclusively for masturbatingVirtual happy hours via group video chat so people can drink at home with the company of others.
Reintroduce Adjustable Waists From Kid Pants Into Adult Pants
Wear a mask but no shirt and no shoes at stores that serve people who don't wear a mask
‎
If Alien Spaceships "fly" by using fast disruptions to the standing electromagnetic field produced by the Earth, then that propulsion system would also short out car engines and pretty much anything electronic.
A reality TV show featuring the Queen of England's corgis
90% of the one your remote is sitting idle, presenting!!! The USB plugin remote, never buy batteries and always know where the remote is when your not using it.
The coronavirus subreddit should be quarantined
Certify unemployment via a phone app that also has a contact tracing feature.
For New York's new coronavirus measures to give the results the officals are saying it'll get employ the unemployed people who lost their jobs because of covid the enforce every road going into and out of NY
Like a gym, but for practicing music
Newspaper articles should be peer reviewed like scientific articles to be considered reliable sources of information
A classical music themed bowling alley called Bowl-ero
Popularise the idea of whole friend groups meeting other whole friend groups.
Uno tables at Casinos.
Since government wont consent to you having sex before a certain age, government can consent to you having sex with anyone government chooses.
Have someone who is completely color blind paint a landscape portrait without labeling the paint.
A resal, a device which takes a few watts coherent light and outputs a shit ton of electrical power.
Petition Trump to take LSD on live TV, then ask him deeply personal and philosophical questions.
Flood Senate Republicans with mail of George Washington's farewell speech
A dating app that has the persons parents on there. You have to get approval from them first before chatting with the person you matched with.
There should be subreddit where people SUGGEST creative ways to teach people/companies a lesson (nothing illegal though).
$50 lotto tickets to be the one to ban Trump's twitter account
Infect yourself with COVID-19 so you lose your sense of taste, so that you’ll lose your preference for junk food and be able to eat healthy food
Furries but, when you take off their mask they’re just burst out as infinitely multiplying malformed , and unidentifiable version of the animal, like a cryaik video.
A nursing home for anti-vaxers
Lions are extinct. Make a worldwidly supported fake news that lions have been actually extinct in the wild for about three years so clueless people will be shocked awake.
Anime chess. Where the number of turns it takes to make a move is proportional to how awesome it is.
Change the NSFW tag for posts to NSFH(ome) for the duration of the quarantine
This chat bot scrapes the internet for you. Bringing you what you want. What would you ask it to do or get?
An impromptu, Pamplona-inspired Running of the Bulls (scaled for population) through Times Square on New Year's Eve
A video game called "Evil Resident" where you're just a messed up medical student.
Saw but instead of gore and death , players have to do uncomfortable tasks
Spend your trumpbucks on supporting BLM and keeping protesters out of jail!
Make leap day the last Saturday of February, and have it repeat so you have two Saturdays and a Sunday, making a 3 day weekend.
Whoever created u/repostsleuthbot should extend its ability towards Instagram, so that stolen memes can be credited to their original creators
Retail hours should move to 11am to 7pm
Send a letter with no postage. Put the return address where you’d usually put the regular address you’re sending to. Never pay for postage again!
There should be a national lottery for wearing a mask in shops.
Candidates should have to put their worst public photo of the last year on the ballot
Once the pandemic is over, we should have one week of obligatory lock down every year where all non-essential companies close down to help save the environment. We can call it "Coronaweek".
What if I make a movie similar to "Paranormal Activity"?
Real imaginary friends
Morgan Freeman should record an ASMR video of him just speaking, or host a podcast
Start making communities where everyone and every area there is covid-free similar to how early movie stars lived in Hollywood back in the day...
Have a national holiday for when the quarantines that's completely lifted in your country. Bubble day
Use dirt instead of water to stop the fire
Pooping entrepreneurship (toilet paper)
Universal minimum wage of $20/hr and maximum annual income of $1 million. If you make more than $1m in a year, you must give away the rest. Receiving a $ gift from someone else counts toward your annual income.
Pitching machine camera
Why isn't this done yet!
Elect Jerry Seinfeld as mayor of New York City
Start a rumour that Big Pharma is the origin of the anti-vax movement, because they stand to make more money from treating unvaccinated kids when they get sick
Convert a particular day of the week into an official ‘social cause’ day on which every popular social influencer globally posts and spreads awareness about a cause close to their heart
Replace "gender reveal" parties with "surname reveal" parties.
An app where you can get a doctor's note for missing work to give your employer
Make a videogame where the easiest difficulty level is called "game journalist"
Have Michael Bloomberg or Jeff Bezos bail put the postal service.
Instead of articles naming the ethnicity of heroes and world changers, it labels them as vaccinated or unvaccinated
Nut in a coconut and see what modern medicines we can develop from it
Instead of trying to find a new planet for us, we should consider reshuffling the living space we already have.
Book a fight on pay-per-view between an MMA professional and a kangaroo. It's not animal cruelty because there's really no chance the kangaroo doesn't win. Use the ticket money for conservation efforts for the Australian Wildfire.
A sports league where players are selected from the teams local population, and you can't play for the team more than once a season.
A micro usb game controller for phones.
If I was a bad guy with kryptonite I wouldn’t kill Superman, I’d just tie him down and tattoo “PENIS” across his forehead and return to my hide out and giggle....till he rips me apart but he’ll have PENIS on his head so it’ll be funny.
T-shirt design changer device
Make a BLM hat that looks just like MAGA
a dating website where nobody can speak or type (like pictionary) for the first cumulative 10 minutes of interacting with eachother, instead only body language until then. Imagine up to 10 minutes with each potential other person you may like, without feeling obligated to talk just play together.
There's been a million conspiracy theories on the Corona Virus, but what if this Virus was created in order to reverse (or help to) the damage we've caused the environment. Forcing people to stay in their homes and not travel. One big worldly experiment.
Book idea.
Movie where one person plays all of the parts but there's no editing so they have to say one line and then move to the other side of the room and put on the other costume and say the next line and so on
Rend an unused aircraft hangar, and build a massive remote-controlled robot inside. Pick a day, sneak it into the Pacific Ocean, and launch a surprise attack at Tokyo.
A folder on your phone/laptop containing all your documents and letters that you receive. A simple search would bring this document up
Video of police brutality should include hashtags like BlueLivesMatter ThinBlueLine PoliceLife BlueLineFamily etc, as a way to disrupt those hashtags and infiltrate social media feeds.
Replace all statues honoring individuals with statues honoring positive acts they were involved in.
The 100 dollar bill should have a moving hologram where you flip it and see Neil Armstrong stepping on the moon.
Help for my daughter Bianca
The gov should give tax breaks to all companies that let there employees work at home these next few weeks/months
a covid vaccine vaccine that protects you against whatever bad effects of the covid vaccines people keep speculating about
Movie script for a comedy written by the internet using a wiki
Aside from the usual 'Like' and 'Dislike' buttons, there should also be a 'I don't give a fuck' button on Social Media.
every store owner in america should have the right to own a gun to protect their store, regardless of state laws
Website that can add up all the Watch time from your history and/or add up watch time from select videos
Name your male child(ren) Speaker, or Agent. Name your female child Dazey.
tortilla glue
Make the old original XBoX and PlayStation online game servers open source and let the community host and maintain them.
Coronavirus diary
Allow medical students to practice hand amputation on thieves and penis amputation on rapists
Singer/bands/musicians from 70s-90s should cover modern songs under their genre to create a simulated Mandela Effect
All buildings downtown to be required to have a level floor that is exactly at the same height as all other buildings such that side walks can be added at a high level.
Let US Citizens sell their votes
Facebook should get rid of likes and reactions.
All levels of English nobility (except the king) should be required to be physically fit and as attractive as their genetic lottery allows. The king is required to be obese.
Give COVID familiar laws as Aids laws to require masks in every state to prevent transmitting a virus to almost anyone around you and prosecute Karen’s for not wearing masks.
demand they officially release The Rolling stones - Cocksucker blues movie.
Extreme Jenga; with fragile Glass Blocks.
A movie like "Logan", but with the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Hold press a link to see where the bastard is trying to take you
Happy NNN to those who are trying so hard
Return button
Find a way to get the beloved little Zebra Finch pet industry to form a response unit to go back to it's homeland of Australia to help spread seeds to heal the fires.
What if covid-19 is actually a pseudo-vaccine for those that catch it and survive, and it protects against a future mutation of covid that has like a 99% death rate for those who never caught Covid-19.A feature that let's you find other reddit users with the exact same subreddit subscribtions as you have
You can post without signing Into Reddit so you don't need to make a new alt for every embarrassing/secretive topic.
App that host events around you
Two actors should work together on a biopic about their careers, but each play the other.
We should store all nuclear weapons on the moon.
Start referring to leopards as "drop lions".
Set a date to let people prepare then shut the world down for two weeks to completely stop the spread of Corona
Esports in an AR-Configured Arena where the players face off in person
Re-classifying southerners as some type of new Homo Australis missing link species to explain the stark differences from the rest of the country
Trump killed a quarter of a million of his own people. That's genocide, right? So let's get some UN troops up in this shit!
What if next year Covid is gone for good, but this time there is a global plague of large spiders.
You are now breathing manually.
Annihilate the presidential cabinet, as well as the entirety of the senate and everyone in the congress except for Bernie Sanders, so he can become president and channel the eldritch energies of the people’s’ will through his divine person to erect for us a modern utopia
Defund Fox News - Compile a list of all companies advertising on the channel and boycott their products until they stop advertising on Fox News
Before it becomes a big problem, let's start planning for Medicare for AI
Logical Fallacy "tags" on Reddit would be helpful
Airliners should have giant parachutes attached towards the back of the aircraft.
A way to make all annoying femenists dissapear.
The Gofundme for George Floyd should try to push for the needed political revolution by funding a third party and possibly breaking the two party systems that seems harmful.
Covfefe-19 is the correct name for this blasted virus, spread the word.
Get Redditors to invade North Korea.
Someone should turn 2112 by rush into a musical
Quarantine r/Coronavirus
Find a doppelgänger of yourself or more preferably have an identical twin and run for president with him/her. That way you can campaign in two places at once.
There needs to be a name for the condition where parents/others don't like X, but can't directly attack it. So, anytime you face any normal life inconveniences, it is blamed on X in a covert effort for you to do less X or no X at all.
automatic translate button for all the non-english subreddits so English speaking peeps can lurk/read and know more about the world we live in
There should be a competition for Oscar winning directors to take the 4+ movie in a crappy franchise and flex their directing skills.
A competition show where people have 24 hours to bring back as many illegal drugs as possible to the set. Regardless of who wins, everyone gets drugs off the streets.
Condiment flavored sour patch kids
They are going for the rapture and Amy Coney Barrette is the key. Somehow she’s going to get something done before he gets out of office that will set this off. Maybe his not winning.
Tetris, but hexagons
Someone push something thru Mitch McConnell's braincase. I wish I could but I don't have the cash.
A reality show where we have someone fake win the lottery and we the viewers watch how people around him react and how long he can keep up the charade for a real cash prize
Reboot "To Catch a Predator", but with Arnold Schwarzenegger, only quoting lines from the movie.
An LED TV in the ceiling of your bedroom that could be a light or TV depending on the mood
redesign/rebrand the American flag and celebrate it by burning it on new flag day
Peanut Butter Cap'n Crunch should sponsor the Dutch National Team
Make massive synchronized world wide events with as many people gathered as possible after we find a cure for Corona.
Subreddits should only be allowed to ban a tiny percentage of people based on their total number subscribers.
Make 1000 huge laws, each the size of a book, about variants of the same thing to show you're tough on crime, instead of enforcing the existing laws that say mostly the same thing.
During elections, all candidates remain anonymous (until there’s a winner) with the only information that is released is their stance on major issues and topics
A subreddit where you can people will help you find a subreddit you are looking for
Cancel CNN *AND* Fox News
Pool gates on restaurants to stop kids coming in unaccompanied
Start a rumor that blinking in public makes you get the corona virus.
Punish animal abusers with death penalty!!!
Let's make this post the highest upvoted in all of Reddit. Here's something to vote for: Amber Heard sucks.
Police flood the news feed with body cam footage of them doing their job properly
a game
Ww3???
A fourth type of 'to,' spelled 'teux.'
Trump should appoint Merrick Garland to SCOTUS to do something Obama couldn't, proving himself as president!
A new Reddit award that allows you to highlight part of a post or comment
We should be able to vote out a current president even during his/her term.
Create a fake supervillain persona and then make a public message as that villain taking blame for COVID-19 and saying it's part of an Ozymandias-esque plan to unite the world and then threaten to create a greater "common enemy" if COVID isn't handled by a certain date
Shove catalytic converts in cows' ass
A English to British translator
whats is this video?
Companies that rent appliances or detail cars should hire meth heads. They are tailor made for those kind of jobs. Granted it would take 10 to 12 hours to do a car, but can you imagine how clean it would be. You could preform surgery in that bitch.
Instead of a collection plate, god should know who wants to donate how much and take it from their wallet.
Common sense
Require potential voters to pass a test demonstrating their understanding of the candidates. Also, remove the R and D from the ballot and leave only names.
When you drive near another Tesla on the road you get a notification on the Tesla screen and you can tap the screen to send a virtual "wave"
The final effort to stop the spread of COVID-19: $50 Million dollars to whoever stays in home for the longest time or !
Make cannabis infused soup and call it "Soupherb".
Netflix TV show: Democrats/Republicans prepare and debate the other side on an issue
Have an app which partners incels with studs and they teamup in a threesome with a hot chick so the incel gets to experience sex.
Pronunciation bees, where you're given a spelling and you need to say how its pronounced
The new fashion norm
Name the generation of babies born in late 2020 and early 20201 'Quarantine Babies'
A smoke alarm with AI so it can learn that just because a slice of toast gets a bit overdone, it does not mean that babies are being burned alive.
Pens should be flavoured
Let my dog catch a rabbit
After my first successful campaign, I decided to launch another one! Have a look and grab your commissioned drawing ❤️
Why couples are making homemade porn – Research
Get a parrot and train it to only say “Ed... ward.”
A robot which transforms into a gun which shoots bullets that transform into robots.
Pass a law that states in the event of a war in the middle east oil executives are automatically drafted.
There should be a restaurant that moves 2-3 meters a day called Glacier.
Reddit should automatically delete a post that has the same words as a previous post
A reddit bot that tells others when someone has donated in their name as an alternative to reddit awards.
Purposely infect (and quarantine until non-infectious) the healthiest people in order to kickstart the segment of the population with immunity
Protect and serve
Agree on a Safe Word with your local IRS employee before proceeding
Exoskeleton with ejection thrusters.
A subreddit for each year. And post only stuff that happened in that year.
Amazon should let you Lock your account from Midnight to 7AM so you don’t drunkenly or sleepily buy something you’ll later regret.
Voters should only be subjected to the policies they voted for
Prople start answering the calls from the extended warranty people and keep them on the phone as long as possible. They would then have to pay more people to sell less product, and would possibly try to find a more profitable avenue to sell their products.
It's only logical
Every time you die in GTA you have to sit through a 30 second funeral where the speaker starts their speech by praising you on your skill in whatever you did that got you killed
The reason life can feel so fucked is because we are living in a simulation &amp; are the Great Simulator's personal sex toys.
Make an Inspector Gadget reboot where he has weapons and kills people.
Have a mr and mrs universe for average joes. No makeup allowed. All body types welcomed. They will be judged by their personality and not appearance. Everyone wears a mask.
Hey I wanted to take you to the movie theater but they don’t let you take snacks in
Make a step-parent day
Convince Hugh Grant that slapping homeless people will revitalize his career and just live with the ramifications of that clear lie.
Swap out my coffin with an empty on on the way to the grave site. Then just yeet the empty one in, instead of lowering it down.
Apple and android mask
Hungry-Hungry Hippos but the board is a swimming pool and the marbles are people coming out of a water slide.
Reverse microwave
Coronavirus is just a manipulative tactic to make people go outside more and enjoy nature.
LITE versions of phones
The Big Blunder
A system in which citizens who file tax returns are automatically registered to vote.
Thermal cameras for recue helicopters and other rescue vehicles, so it's easier to find people in the middle of rubble and the possible destruction in an accident
A reverse solo album. The band makes an album without the lead singer.
Your understanding of how the world works? That's your personal conspiracy theory about reality. It doesn't match up with anyone else's.
A laugh track for real life. Speakers embedded in every lamppost, wall, tree, etc that play canned laughter whenever something funny happens.
Simple Method to make money
What if we make an easy/advanced COVID-19 test?
Waive the drug testing, doping rules, etc for the least popular competition each Olympics
Publically shared pens (at banks, government offices, medical centres, etc) should be made out of copper to kill germs.
Make the US interstate road system a toll road and use the proceeds to fund a nationwide passenger rail service.
An action movie experience in real life...
A parody of Hellraiser called “Heckraiser” about a group of demons that snuggle, comfort and pamper people against their will.
A subreddit showing how humanity keeps devolving rather than evolving
What if KFC stood for "Kilo's of Fuckin Cum" and instead of a big bucket of chicken they just gave you a bucket full of cum and you had to put a giant lid on it like a drink so it doesn't slosh around and spill in your car.
Make an option to have neutral Reddit comments, so that you can’t lose/gain points on it, it’s just a comment
A wireless charging pad...FOR YOUR ELECTRIC CAR!
A wild west nail saloon
A soundscape for every word
Build a warmed, sheltered area right where male Emperor Penguins incubate their eggs in Antarctica.
Digital assistants like Siri or Alexa should recognize a sneeze and remind you to cover your mouth when you sneeze, take your vitamins and wash your hands.
System of Incentive for good work, also !!!
We invent Aerosols that act like glass on a greenhouse so that we can control the atmosphere to work in our favor. We could use the density gases to help the planet regrow, help crops grow faster around the world, help in the collection of sunlight energy.
Brexit Opportunities
In addition to a cure - we need something that makes Covid19 infected people glow in the dark.
Popular shows need to film an extra finale episode each season if they're in danger of getting canceled.
A restaurant called "Over the Top Italian" Where you get seated and the entire staff comes out to greet you. The cook is in a tight white t-shirt with chest hair out. The whole staff fights in a funny way the whole time. When the bill comes the waiter says “fughgedaboutit” and walks away.
A mobile racing game that allows you to 3D scan your own car into the game and race with it (LIDAR sensor on new iPhones and iPads?)
Vaccination assembly line. People would walk into a thread mill like in the airport, they would place their hands in specific locations and suddenly a shot would be administered. Then they just get off and sit for a few minutes on the other side.
Casinos, with casino owned pawn shops and loan offices nearby.
Put an expiration date on money
Let's all be nice on the internet during this crisis.
Nutria Hunting
Remake the song We Didn't Start the Fire with everything that has happened this year.
Blind People playing Basketball
Every month should have 28 days.
A website where you can donate directly to the extremely poor
Make Puerto Rico a state and Dissolve North and South Dakota into "The Dakotas"
When swiping left on Tinder, require people to send a five-second video message explaining why they rejected the recipient.
Make waking up and going to bed easier by gradually increasing gravity from half to double over the course of the day.
HAS COVID-19 IMPACTED USE OF DATING APPS?
We should just tell Iran sorry and offer a fair trade; they can have our president
Smart Investment
Fuck it, Oil and it's distillates are illegal.
Japanese city politicians want to make walking while looking at your smartphone illegal
A crowdfunding app where people post dares and others get paid to film themselves doing them. Like 10,000 people each pitching in a dollar for someone to shit their pants during a job interview, etc.
51% of corporate lobbying money goes to citizens choice of who to lobby for what, so corporations dont have the majority of lobbying power
I got this crazy idea about making my own car magazine... Probably not the next Topgear haha
Buy middle of no where land, set up a solar camera with signal, have people online pay you to plant trees on the plot of land.
Saying what you actually think in a family reunion
Male celebrities sell their cum and donate the profits to charity
Women should be encouraged to kill people to redress the balance of male violence
Living in Canada A real opportunity for thousands Professionals
Why don't we make the lottery easier so more people would win?
The government should set up an ‘AirBnB’ program for citizens with extra rooms willing to take in mentally stable homeless people for a fee. This way government funds can go to citizens instead of corrupt developers.
Have twitch chat watch a documentary of human history
If you refresh youtube 20 times, they randomize your suggested video algorithms
Human-Skin Lamb Condoms
An Amazon algorithm to identify and intervene when people are manic.
Start a Separatists Group
Who do I talk to about starting a game show?
Billionaires Give poorer people $1,000,000 to donate to local charities that help those people instead of them donating to big foundations so people can incite change in their area.
Make a movie called SMART Phone, just so that you can make Smart Phone 2: SELF-Phone
Police stop policing black neighborhoods since they’re not wanted there and it would stop blakc people from getting killed.
A drone that's dispatched to the location whenever a 911 call is made. Equipped with 4k camera and FLIR, it provides first eyes on scene and documents from a clear vantage point.
There should be a separate handle in washroom for people who didn't wash hands
Instead of referring to people by gender and possibly face misgendering someone, just refer to them by their chromosomes "x" or "y"
Only hire black cops
When the last dinosaur fossil is dug up, all dinosaurs are resurrected
A website where you can sell your own data
A saw film where jigsaw is now kidnapping people for really minor stuff like littering and inconsiderate parking as he's ran out of real bad guys to torture after making 6 million saw films
Pepper spray cure COVID-19. USA just don't wanna tell us.
"Controversial" sci-fi/fantasy franchises still making new content (like Star Wars, Doctor Who, GOT (because of the prequel) or Harry Potter) should ease fandom tensions by finding a way to canonize the multiverse in-universe
A chain of restaurants decorated by decade
Elections should have "None" option to the list of candidates. If the vote gets majority, nobody is elected in this round.
A super dislike button in Tinder
Doctors and specialists that are needed asap should legally have red and white siren lights to get to hospital quicker.
A co-op game (Nintendo switch) in which you each hold a single joy-con but control the same person and have to work as a team in some hilarious whacky adventure
Protest 2.0 Should be about protesting both where politicians WORK and where politicians LIVE
You car shouldn’t be able to turn without a turn signal.
Story where Everyone Has a Bounty
Juice box cranbary milk
Double down IKEAs and mattress stores as homeless shelters after hours.
A new punctuation symbol for indicating that a response is not required
Let the EU run the US for the next two terms
Reverse rob people. Run up to people, say "give me your wallet", then stuff free money in their wallet and hand it back and then run away.
Restrooms: Instead of separating gents and ladies, use No. 1 or No. 2. No 2 area will be all stalls with sufficient ambient music to help ease any embarrassment. No 1 area will be both stalls for and urinal. Both areas are radio dead zones for no cell usage.
Dell Vostro 3400 Laptop
Everyone on planet earth meets at the same location then we just see what the fuck happens
Snack Crate and Netflix should partner to send movie snacks to you every month.
A changed school system
15 family project
An oven with cameras at multiple angles so you can make sure your dish cooks evenly.
Now that r/iamatotalpieceofshit is back de should only post  as protest against the corrupt mod
Golf except the goal is speed
For the census we should all go to poorer parts of the US so that way they get better funding for roads and schools.
Instead of one price for the product and another price for shipping, have 1 price for the left half of the product and another price for the right half, and you cant buy just half
To clean a skyscraper,wrap something like a waterproof blanket to pour some chemicals from its side to clean the windows.
Volcanos on legs. They walk around looking for somewhere to erupt. Then they erupt, and move on.
If it's cold outside, cook some noodles and poor them in your boots. This way, your feet will be more warm.
Automatic toilet seat sensors, lifts seat up depending on person's position before using the seats
Books a Billion
make robots that collect trash, and have the world's best gamers pilot toe robots to collect the trash for a cash prize
Soo should be a word.
A show called: "The Pedo-files". The show is a person talking about or reading famous pedophile stories.
A horror game where you browse around a pirate site while trying to avoid an entity.
Create a public ledger of when and where you come into contact with people
Move sinks to outside the bathroom so everyone can watch to make sure you wash your hands good enough
Olympics on steriods, literally.
Immunity boosting ingredients in a condom
Something is wrong
MI6 and the CIA should put giant googly eyes in their windows that follow you walking down the street
Send in a heap of complaints to disney that your kids are confused why their favourite characters dont have to wear masks, leading them to make comically large masks for all the mascots.
Trump might start an only fans account if he doesn't get back his Twitter .
Tooth paste with pulp
Breed Labradors with the sole purpose of releasing them into the wild.
Dark mode for TV, where the screen is black but you can hear the sound.
Let’s convince the 1% to see life and the tax system as a game and increasing the difficulty of the game by paying more tax!
Install Monkey bars about 7 feet high just outside the out of bounds line all around NBA courts.
GTA V hardcore mode where when you get busted it swats you
Freestyle Toothpaste Machines
Britney's Peers
If everyone wore a homemade cloth mask, we might have more people surviving (see links below for scientific articles, and on how to make a mask from underwear or a bra)
First Time Entrepreneurs: This platform is for you
People who are thrown out of their homes aren't necessary evil sometimes their parents are just asshole so why do they make such a big deal for lucifer thrown out of the heaven after all it was his home as well .
Great Britain's knights such as a Paul McCartney, Michael Caine and Patrick Stewart must actually guard the Queen of England.
Biden should preemptively come out in favor of pardoning/forgiving anyone that took part in the protest/riots (Except for persons who actively engaged in violent behavior).
Just give everyone the next year off and we’ll call it a celebration, like, Covid Days!
Put a cap on the amount of money/assets one person can have.
I actually think my idea could solve alot of issues
Someone should make a stop motion in Snapchat
Film episodes of What Would You Do somewhere other than New Jersey
Reddit bots that allow you to amend your post to meet criteria rather than doing it all again.
Japan should repeal censorship of pornography because of the coronavirus pandemic, as a way to bring humanity together.
End 2021 on the 28th of December, make 2022, 2023, 2025 leap years so people can re-use their 2020 calendars.
No Nut November should be turned into an event/fundraiser for people with nut allergies where for one month, people boycott eating nuts altogether to show what it feels like to be in their shoes.
An implant in your ears that plays a round of applause when you enter a room, like in a sitcom. Only you can hear it.
A dehumidifier that filters and chills water so you can have a cold water dispenser in any room.
Reverse slavery
Make the upvote-button on the left side, the downvote-button on the right side of posts, so you don't accidentally hit the wrong one.
A predictor that always tells you the probability of you dying in the current moment. Imagine watching a bar rise and fall as the day progresses (on a tiny screen on your wrist or something)
Weird or not
General shuffle for every song in the plataform (Spotify, Apple Music, etc).
I'm mildly dyslexic and apparently minute for minute, OnlyFans women will read me book chapters out loud for a decent rate...
The Proxy War Coronavirus NCOV Only End With The Help From Me The Savior Messiah Buddha
Instead of defunding the police, we should fund them enough to hire A+ people instead of D- people.
Figure out a way to blame COVID on a minority or ideology-held-by-minority the right hate more than Chinese people
Cut-proof tent with internal stakes and protective carbon fiber external shielding for emergency shelter
In the future we will be able to create endless combinations of people using the following neat trick.
A you-tube rewind where only the struggling/ hardworking/ underrated content creators will be showcased based on votes from people.
So long, partner
Abolish Picture in Picture that happens when backing out of a video
A website called “More Fear Shakespeare” that rewrites Shakespeare plays in the style of James Joyce.
Pornhub should have a live wrestling event called "BattleButts".
If you take a photo of the clouds one day, and pass it off as a hyper-realistic painting, nobody can prove otherwise because the clouds will never be in that configuration again.
Instead of having to cast your vote in a strict 1 day timeline, the polls should remain open for multiple days until a certain percentage of the eligible electorate has cast their ballots.
Complete full-immersion virtual reality which works via a yet-undeveloped brain-computer interface which overtakes all five sentences and puts you into what is basically a managed, synthesized dream world.
TV series following some students in Hogwarts
A chat bot created using a dead persons communication history. Miss your loved one? Chat with them!
Big Enough Change -&gt; More Often Than Not, Good
Raise bald eagles for meat
How amazing would it be if we correct sunday to sunnight if we talk about the night?
President Trump becomes a government informant and rats out all the people that own his debt.
Laxative subscription box
Introduce a plan for peace on Reddit and hope it catches on
Podcast where every week they play an old radio broadcast from an archive. Like each week you can hear the original War of the Worlds or some romantic soap opera from the great depression.
Pornhub should make a sister website for Just For Women and call it PornHubby
A thick glass kitchen counter with an ant kingdom enclosed. Chop your vegetables above a wriggling complex colony of workers preparing their own meal.
Acer Aspire E15 E5-576 Laptop
A visual in biography movies that lets the audience know the events portrayed actually happened.
Teach kids that washing their hands is a savepoint in real life.
Idea for new countries
Humanoid prostitutes
Paper clip holder on the side of all Keruig coffee makers
Florida should become its own country. I mean, Floridians are the Aussies of America.
Someone should make a phone and call it an S11
Find the most expensive painting in the world, roll it up into a burrito and eat it.
All Politicians Should have to make their tax records public in order to run for any level of government.
Change your name to Xi Jinping or Vladimir Putin. Run political ads supporting candidates you hate.
Have Reddit create a "TeenReddit" app so /r/teenagers isn't on every page of /r/all
Trap all CO2 in recycled plastic containers and bottles and burry them way in the ground and let people hundreds of years in the future to deal with
Aliens
How do you think my travel plan?
There is some crazy ideas in this video
Sense the skin of a fruit is more healthy then the meat I present healthier fruit!
"You're in for a treat with..."
A city where you can live rent free, have access to a I phone for free, and in return you get incentives for not causing major drama or committing crimes
Plague Doctor Hazmat Suits
I made a website for crazy ideas that have some Business potential and need a voice to be heard
Replace Cortana with Clippy
An app that show thiefs on Google maps houses who are momently unhabited based on the holiday posts of the residents on social media.
Reddit should do
Humanity going forward
Adam Sandler movie where his family is on a cruise in the Indian Ocean, but they are the only customers aboard because of COVID-19. The entire cruise then gets taken hostage by pirates. Ends with the pirates succumbing to the virus because all else onboard are infected but asymptomatic.
Mary Poppins style Umbrella Drones for personal vertical lift
got a crazy idea, what if someone hooked up like a beefy server to a normal pc or smth
Use a huge swath of USA govt land to make a cowboy era province. No tech inside except first responders (who dress like cowboys and hide vehicles). All commerce and goods are period correct.
Phones should come with a single integrated ear bud.
Replace every instance of the letters 'ai' with 'oo'.
Let's not use YouTube for a day and make YouTube know we are sick of the copious amounts of ads before any video.
Streaming services like Netflix and Hulu should have a way to declare "I'm not watching this show on your platform because I already pirated it but give its creators their dues from my payments"
Stop allowing grocery stores to put pharmacy sections in the very back of the store.
Jake Lloyd should be brought back into StarWars.
A tutorial site named HowTheFuck for when you urgently need to know the steps.
A job that provides food, shelter, and necessities for homeless, jobless, or those who just need to get back up on their feet.
After the release of Toy Story 3, one of those theme parks such as Universal Studios or Disney World should have opened up a ride where children willingly get grinded up in a trash compactor, just like in the movie
A store that sells anything you’d need to rob a place, but you have to rob the store.
An anonymous group of people that arrest and detain police officers who abuse their power.
Chess but pieces can't be taken
Movie scene: Guy A is chasing guy B on foot. They run into a crowd. Guy A loses guy B, but sees guy C that looks like guy B’s haircut/clothes from behind. Guy A spins guy C around. Guy C doesn’t have a face, just more of the same haircut all the way around his head where his face should be.
A local fake improv news program that reports stuff people ask them to interview them for and tries to make it funny, even uncensored content.
Covid test result reveal party
A Streaming Service for all the DVD extra features.
There should be a bot on r\starwars that just comments “it’s a trap” on every post.
A night mode for microwaves where it doesn't beep
Making Football great again?
Have the ability to put a joined subreddit on "time out" for a set amount of time.
Body augmentations that come with audio capabilities/ optional sound effects.
A comedy show where one of the actors is always fully blazed and they keep in all the times he breaks character or starts laughing ect.
Bloodborne VR
Amber Heard should embrace her new bad girl image and fight in the UFC
Gather up every terrorist from all over the world, toss them into a rocket and launch them far into outer space so they are far from earth and can't harm innocent people or escape.
International Self Isolation Day.
Making conditioner twice the size of shampoo.
Keep a hotplate inside your fridge and cook there for the convenience of all the ingredients are right there
Pretend Pam Ewing dreamed the past four years.
YouTube feature: Show dislike counts on comments and auto remove ones begging for likes.
Hire a stenographer to follow you around and take notes on every conversation... Great for Job interviews!
For people who are embarrassed about using "baby wipes" as adults, start a company selling virtually identical ADULT WIPES
Bill Gates should buy Fox News and use it to teach logic and critical thinking skills
A set of keyboards that are increasingly harder to press, so you can train finger strength.
Joe Rogan interviews a former low-ranking member of Cobra, the arch-nemesis of GI-Joe.
A knife that dispenses hand sanitizer each cut
Buy out the Tupperware market and hoard all of it for yourself to build a grand Tupperware castle. Burn it down for the insurance money.
A microwave that plays a Youtube video for however long time you put your food in for.
What if after you die, your life is...
Orange sized Melons
Trumps white hair is his white flag of surrender. His way of conceding. He has long since lost the ability to speak his truth so he has to show it.
A public national database that has every woman's nudes, bra size, and shoe size.
A song with a whole bunch of "fucks" in it so when it's censored it says "fuck you" in morse.
America should have a domestic exchange program, like we do with other countries, but for people from different backgrounds
An "Are you sure?" Prompt before returning to the top of reddit.
Military putsch USA
Phone with a back that draws power through the human skin to trickle charge
Honestly I don't think any of us would be surprised if Elon Musk made a school that actually taught you what real life is, and how to prepare for it.
WoTFest: A joint Wheel of Time/World of Tanks fan convention.
A switch blade/pocket knife that makes a light saber sound when you open it.
With the cancellation (or postponement) of many sporting events, the athletes should instead play the video game version of their sport and compete online with the same broadcast format.
What about a light bulb that absorbs light for better sleeping or just to darken the room
Emojis on tombstones
For home protection, use a bat adorned with several rubber dildos. That way, no matter what happens to the attacker, the focus on the story will be the dick-shaped bruises on his body.
FIFA, UEFA, and the other confederations used the break in football to get all the leagues around the world better aligned in terms of when they are played. Especially because the 2022 world cup will be played in winter in Qatar.
Bubble wrap filled with helium so the package weighs less and it costs a little bit less to ship.
Magic: the Gathering and Hemp
An app that detects slow motion vids and speeds them up back to normal.
A new way to vote
Change the name of the area with all the Smithsonian Museums to the Museums Museum
The Gay Matrix and Morpheus asks Neo "You think that's urine you're drinking?" and then Neo is like "Woah."
Legal Crack
Quantum Suicide is a religion or philosophy that says your afterlife is exactly like the life you just died in other than it continues in a parallel universe where you didnt die
Cancel all wars to stop spreading coronavirus
A cleaning company that hires workers with OCD
What if we move Earth Day to New Year's so that the fireworks and the environmentalism cancel each other out? (Yes electricity, no fireworks)
Cause a nuclear winter to stop global warming.
A sign language interpreter at a Trump rally just wildly swinging around both middle fingers in all directions as Trump speaks.
Noise-cancelling toilets
Pegasus-plushy-a*s-vodka-gift-basket
Thermometer Smart App
A video game called "Made in china". The objective is to make crappy toys and gadgets in a Chinese sweatshop as fast as possible to avoid being executed for being inefficient.
We should start putting sarcastic election signs in our yards to shame people who intend to vote for Trump. For example: *Pussy Grabber 2020* and *Keep Kids in Cages 2020.* (more ideas inside)
US gun nuts should maybe start exercising those second amendment rights that they used to justify having all their weapons, for the purpose that it allows them to do so. Either that, or hand them in, because the justification was a lie, and they are just gun nuts.
Make a subreddit mirroring r/Chonkers called r/Chonks for people losing weight.
Anyone here working on this?
'fender bender' is all fine and dandy, but what where's the catchy phrase for the bumper? introducing, 'bumper booper'
A comedic ghost hunting horror series where the ghost hunter has the inability to feel fear.
Instead of shutting down subs or deleting posts, recommend that they not be viewed and have an uncensored option to view it anyways.
SmartPAK Flavour Cartridges sourcing
Disney should make Frozen 3 but it’s actually the story of Frozone from The Incredibles.
Instead of utilizing collective punishment, teachers should bait the guilty student by promising them a higher grade
Change the name of the zoo to Maniac Pervert Zoo then shut it down as soon as possible
Immortality for humanity with the following conditions?
Let's get rid of all the extra awards, except for silver, gold and platinum.
Dognip.
What if the best professors in the world created an online college that only charged $250 a class?
Instead of paying for video games outright, we should pay $1 for every hour we play, up to the price of the game.
Virtual Reality headsets should be used at workplacea to make it feel like you are at work.
Trump should make Twitch his primary platform.
change reddit points name from "karma" to "cReddit"
Instead of fast food we should focus on developing quick crops.
Fake TED talks called ED talks where actors give talks as their own fictional characters or actors give talks as his historical figures
This is how Trump’s lawyers should present his defense. When it’s the defense’s turn to present their case, they should just stand up and say “Trump did not do it, he’s innocent.” Then the defense rests and yields back their time.
Legalize all weapons for civilian use, so the companies that make them can get business without pushing the government into war.
Cancer-sniffing dogs in hospitals for faster, cheaper, cuddlier diagnosis.
There should be an LGBTQ+ flag called "Confusion-Flag"
Vote out every single elected official at every level this year. They have all embarrassingly failed!
Joe Biden should call for a general strike tomorrow telling people not to report to work.
If this legislation was made law in 2016, you could be fined or arrested for covering your face in public.
A Sub Reddit For Project Name Ideas.
One musician from each section of the orchestra form an indie-classical band
A gofundme page for The USPS. If the president won’t fund them why can’t we the people?
They should make free books with pop-out advertising on every turn of the page.
A smule like application for making short films remotely. A film maker uploads the dialogue and background scenes. Actors shoot themselves acting out the dialogues. Musician creates background music. The application will assemble all the individual elements into a coherent short film.
A VR shooter game where your stats in the game are your stats in real life.
Instead of the next regular daylight savings time clock change, let's move the clocks 30 minutes ahead and then leave the clocks alone.
feed all virus knowledge to all the AI programs in the world and see what solutions they come up with
Just call it "the virus." We all know which virus you mean and those 6 fewer keystrokes would save billions of man-hours globally
Styx should form a supergroup with the Rolling Stones
An election where the participants are allowed an even amount of campaign money
Give the 2020 championships to the teams who raise the most money for charity.
A shirt for single people that says "if you think I'm out of your league, I probably am, but in the opposite direction that you're thinking of"
A post COVID-19 worldwide toilet papering/decoration of the main street in every city, and then a parade for all the workers who kept our cities running where you toilet paper the floats as they go by.
How about a product to test if a liquid is water or not so I can bring my water on the plane
Consistent live updates on deaths caused by the flu and the common cold to either verify or falsify that we're more likely to die from those than this coronavirus
The greatest game you will ever live...
An AI that can write exams
Let's see what world leaders would look like if they still relied on artists for portraits.
Change Reddit font to Comic Sans on April 1st.
If a man chooses his wife as his running mate for the presidential election and somehow gets elected, he will be both president and second gentleman while his wife will be both vice-president and first lady.
The people going out breaking quarantine shouldn’t be policed. Let natural selection take its course are refuse them medical care
If they had a Reddit award for "Gigantic Dumbass", they would make soooo much money right now
Spotify needs a history reset option.
time is not real because everything is happening at once and everything already has happened
Why is there no 99 cent / 99 pence or whatever?
The Mandalorian / Firefly Crossover Series
Bring back drive in theatres
Farmer/restaurant exchange
Anyone who describes themselves or some else as having a "zest for life" should be imprisoned.
I have an idea to connect learners and students. I made it a platform called UniteCol. Share your reviews and ideas to improve.
Paul Rubens For President.
Just let us watch the static on Reddit Access TV
A “nigga machine”
A pair of shoes with big concrete spikes on the bottom of them for squashing pesky, pesky raccoons
Nihilistic Fortune Cookies
A setting for posts that make them unable to receive the wholesome reward.
Cops should replace their standard issue firearm with rubber bullets and tell no one. Keep the real one in the car.
To Curb Super Market Shoplifting, Allow customers to buy groceries to put in bins that get put on the "Free" shelf
If Mike Bloomberg is truly "sorry" about Stop and Frisk, he should submit to a large police officer intrusively patting him down on national TV.
Dump a fuckton of baking soda into the ocean to alkalize it
With the increasing popularity of combat sports and their brutality, how many of you would watch two people duke it out in and English phonebooth?
An Among Us game where the players are made up of narcissists, sociopaths, and Pathological liars
Somebody should say that food puts them on the verge of death and when he shows it off he poisons the food he is going to eat and die or come near the verge of death.
A snooze feature for subreddits, so you can skip theme days or avoid spoilers without having to remember to resubscribe.
Interesting wedding form
A holiday where everyone switches their dominant arm for the day.
Someone should make a TikTok clone, while everyone is jumping ship.
make Never Gonna Give You Up ad free on YouTube
Supermarkets should have to put the carbon footprint of all the items in the shop next to the price.
An app or extension that filters out images of spiders from in internet while browsing
Dip your hands in sewage and then you can block the Avada Kedavra spell with your (filthy) bare hands because the spell will just kill one of the bacteria cells that are all over your hands.
A jubilee on all debts
Reverse rumspringa, where every American on their 18th birthday lives as the Amish do for a year.
Anime where the MC actually suggests therapy and proffesional help for the characters with a tragic backstory
If the democratic arty wanted to subvert trumps nativists they would have illuminated the Russian interference better. Namely the fact that a foreign interference in our country should be a no go with anti globalists.
If Dobby the house elf from Harrp Hotter and Gollem from TLofR would play in a movie together, what would it be about?
Mario party mini games except it’s a mobile app
Hardcore Henry 3rd person cut
An M-rated Tony Hawk's Pro Skater Game
Petition Elon Musk to start the first "Self-Driving Demo Derby" and other car stunt/demolition nonsense
Deepfake Mark Ruffalo into the entire Edward Norton Hulk movie
Canada should pick a location (approved by First Nations) to allow Canadian developers to build a new city where they can put all the US citizens who will flee north when climate change wrecks the US
Sell bad films or books by quoting superlatives from reputable reviewers (NYT, Guardian, etc.) on the cover or poster, but without mentioning that these superlatives were directed at different, much better works.
What about a Southern Pride parade. It would be a mile long convoy of pickup trucks dragging black people, maybe call it the "Heritage Not Hate Rally"
A waterproof tuxedo, for going surfing.
Cereal where the pieces of cereal are filled with milk
Which path you will go through?
Vampire themed blood bank.
Someone should spread fake news about the curfews saying that police is trying to force quarantine and face masks. So the rednecks that stormed the capitol buildings last weeks will come out again just to see what will happen.
Cheap, fake windows that are remote controlled to simulate any weather you'd like on a screen. Could be rain, snow, sun, etc.
Stay home instead of working today and hope nobody notices
Good quality toilet paper dispensers in public washrooms, next to the paperthin sandpaper they give you for free.
Impeachment proceedings would be so much more interesting if actual peaches were involved.
Only the wealthiest 10% of the population should pay taxes. If all the richest people paid an extra 1% of their income it would probably cover what the rest wouldn’t be paying anymore
For the next stimulus package, just give everyone $1200/month for all the months since the pandemic started instead of giving most of it to businesses.
Smartphones should have a feature that warns you with a 30-second countdown before your phone dies
turn the part where jotaro remembers their faces into a meme
Good politicians. Hardworking politicians.
Chainsaw Nunchucks. 'Nuff said.
Stop putting "Directed by Robert B Weide" at the end of every video
Reverse Psychiatry
Jailed criminals not knowing exactly how much time they have to serve, only the severity of this, so they all act like they have a chance to get out, even when they dont
The Raven by Edgar Allen Poe, but it's a big, fat Canadian goose.
There should be a yearly competition to find the most attractive professional fisherman, named Hunky Dory.
Reddit downvote idea
Give Mumbo Jumbo a modded Minecraft with redstone removed and make him beat the Ender Dragon
A service that connects you to a local when traveling abroad: the local follows you and makes sure you don’t get pickpocketed while walking around
A movie.... "Into the Home Aloneniverse" Which brings all the Kevin McCallisters together. Tom Holland Spiderman appears for a cameo thus unifying the "Home Multiverse" and in in the post credits scene Bruce Willis appears and says to all the Home Alone Kevins/Mains "Welcome to the party."
Podcast with 3 or more people talks about random things so people who have no friends will know how is it like to have a conversation with people
Nuanced/Custom arrows
Reddit, but instead of ordering posts by karma it only considers up/downvotes from a subset of redditors (age range, location, subscriber etc) that you choose.
Use cell phone GPS traffic congestion tracking to send out EBS alerts to all cell phones on the highway whenever a pile up is detected in a snow storm.
Netflix should add a next and previous scene button instead of the 10 second skip
We need Lord of the Rings spin-offs like we have Star Wars spin-offs.
Put up random 'Garbage Sale' signs leading towards someone's trashy yard and record the results on video.
Every movie that was supposed to be launched and are being postponed because of covid-19, get them all for free on Netflix and other platforms. We promise when this is over we will watch them again in theaters.
"Where's Wadlow?" a book for children where they have to find world's tallest man Robert Wadlow in a crowded group of people, but it's not that hard to do because everyone in the crowd is of regular height and Robert is 8'11.1" tall
Put a giant fan on top of a big box you can ride in, with the blades blowing down. - Enjoy your flying machine!
Give Americans the option to vote between two good presidential candidates in the general election instead of two unfathomably abysmal ones.
Let's make a fake holiday invented and run by Halmark and other Greeting Card companies where the theme is showing affection to your partner.
The crisis going on in Hong Kong RIGHT NOW
Vanity youtu.be URLs. e.g. https://youtu.be/ipaidforthisurl .
Make it a law to have all new bills posted for public viewing 5 days prior to congress voting on it.
A running competition combined with an eating competition.
Nicotine infused toilet paper
We should make up crazy conspiracy theories about Republicans
How to cum in your mouth while not cumming on your chest.
Make the top 1% fund the military with a wealth defense tax
The interior of a car that you can clean with a garden hose.
The US government should hand out the stimulus on pre loaded debit cards. This way instead of money being 100% outgoing they can still gain some interest on it until it’s spent. Reward the people who save it a percentage of those gains and they have more money to distribute for future waves.
Toilets that make a swallowing sound after you poop
Abolish Wallstreet
Give fetuses reversible vasectomies while they're still in the womb and have no rights to their own body thereby no more unwanted pregnancies until the man consents to having children.
A game like RimWorld but you play as the environment against the humans.
the foot mouse. wireless mouse built into a shoes. right foot moves the cursor, left foot for button clicks. hands free to type.
What if we downvoted any post we aren't allowed to comment in?
Men should start wearing condoms casually throughout the day.
We each own and are responsible for one AI or robot used for a job that used to be manually performed by humans. The owner is responsible for maintenance and upkeep, and makes the income based on the AI or robot and it's role.
Bring back internal floppy drives!
You shouldn’t be able to delete your own comments if they have negative votes.
So I have an idea for a show where it's a bunch is spoiled children surviving on an island verses a bunch of farming kids. Who would watch that?
Elevator shafts are equipped with super strong safety nets at the bottom below the first floor so that if the elevator falls it won’t hit the ground and also prevent further injuries.
Political Debators Should Wear Shock Collars
After watching an episode of a show on a streaming service, show a more thorough episode description so you can find a certain episode easier.
What about a dead space live action? They could run chapters as episodes. It’d be a relatively short series, but if crafted well could be pretty epic
Regulation applicable to publicly traded companies with annual revenue in excess of $1B requiring said companies to keep a “rainy day” cash reserve equal to 5% of their market value. Non compliant companies are disqualified from any federal relief funding.
A glossy spray that prevents shoes or light clothing from getting dirty
Teach aliens our language not by teaching them, but instead interbreeding with them so that the baby aliens will grow up having learned English.
Tiny catapults along the sides of highways so small wildlife can safely get to the other side
Does anyone know the name of a government website where you can send pictures of your hotel room? Its to prevent human trafficking and pedophilia rings by using the pictures to identify what motel the person is at.
START OF A NEW ERA???
Velcro bottomed shoes for carpet walking with resistance
DLC for movies
A feature film. Except we eventually realize that it's just a two hour succession of production company and distributor logos.
A Flask sized mini-RefrigeratorWhen we change time this fall, let's skip forward in time 23 hours instead of falling back one. The clocks will read the same, but we'll be living in the future for once.
A fridge that tells you it's temperature and about how much stuff is in it, but you have to ring it up using a rotary dial phone and it hangs up if you're too loud
Kinect 2
A time-based competition on Wikipedia with a group of people, where you start from one article, and reach an unrelated specified article only through hyperlinks in the text.
Kidnap a random person while dressed as an alien. Ask him to explain Earth to an alien race in an hour. Offer him a position of Supreme Leader of Earth with unlimited power. Film it all and sell it to cable TV.
A chain of stores in popular tourism locations that rents out clothing packs and cheap toothbrushes and shower accessories so you can travel without luggage
Make an anti horror movie about a Handyman who never shows up
Air-Blanket, the way restaurants can all re-open. A hose line with holes run under every wall and booth coupled with vacuum tubes above every table. This pushes air out the bottom and sucks it in on the top, so no airborn viruses can spread anywhere
Start a company that makes custom facemasks. You send a photo, and they paint on the part of your face that the mask covers.
Maybe the reason aliens don't notice us is because, just like stars, the light reflected from Earth is actually the light from eons ago. So to them, Earth would probably just be another rocky, uninhabitable planet.
A sports shirt that uses your sweat to make electricity and uses that electricity at a level it doesn't harms you but it will kill any mosquito that tries to suck your blood in your upper body, can do the same with some pants
Become rich while staying at home bc of Corona with referrals!
Make an inevitably terrible live-action Ren and Stimpy movie just to cast Michael Shannon as Mr. Horse.
I RECOMMEND THIS WAY TO EARN ONLINE
Images provoke emotional reactions and humans act very strongly according to their emotions. Instead of posting pictures intended to make you angry about racism (everybody agrees racism is bad), let's flood the feed with positive pictures depicting equality.
The political party that wins the presidential election isn't allowed to spend any money on campaigning in the next 2 elections.
Let's automatically make Gov Andrew Cuomo the Democratic Presidential Nominee. He is doing great in spite of the lack of presidential leadership.
An American judge on America's Got Talent
A “How Well Do You Know Your Family” game show
A weasel powered phone charger. A carry case consisting of a small treadmill, four healthy weasels, and a bag of nuts and berries as a tasty weasel incentive.
Edit button for the username in reddit
Sniper scope that has an angled mirror so u can shoot behind cover.
Progress bar for construction sites
A crime murder mystery show....
A weekly news comedy show with the Kids in the Hall.
Can we eat sloths?
Both Sides (in USA) Should Bring the Country Together and Investigate Voter Fraud as It Will Expose Rotten Apples on Both Sides.
Reddit should make awards that are worth upvotes.
There should be spray paint that sprays certain patterns. Like a rainbow, or polka dots.
Remaster the movie Casablanca with a death metal soundtrack.
A dating app that uses facial recognition to match you with people who look like you so you can sleep with your clone(s).
3D printing a small interdependent town where homeless people can go for a place to live and 3 hot meals in exchange for 8 hours of work helping the communityPeople should just wear a grim reaper dress and stand silently outside schools with a dummy-scythe in protest.
NASA creates a space program to shoot the most "influential" Flat-Earthers into space, safely, and gives them the chance to tell their experiences or keep it to themselves.
Office team building retreats should include assembling large lego sets
lets all play https://web.roblox.com/games/1843954525/SMO-RP?refPageId=ec525644-a511-4cf3-944a-bd2d6bfce5a3 smo rp at 5 pm Canadian time next Saturday
Reparations for ww2 for eavry American?
Microwaved Lettuice
Everyone who fails the Turning Test is legally declared an artificial intelligence.
Online web series: The "Karen" Hunter. An Australian in cargo shorts visits America to study its native species, the Karen
Have a championship game that pits the two WORST NFL teams (according to their win-loss record) to play against each other at the end of each season and call it the Duper-Bowl.
They should make an AI that trawls the internet for any information it can find about a person or topic and presents it to you so you can stalk them or whatever.
Use nuclear weapons to make a massive radio telescope
If ur post is a repost all the karma u earned should be taken away
In the few minutes leading up to the New Year’s countdown, convince the people around you to chant “Fuck 2020! Fuck 2020! Fuck 2020!”
Red Lobster should have a rival restaurant named Blue Crab
Advent Calendars that lead up to election day.
Make tiny lawnmowers that dispense food to any squirrel that will push them around the yard.
The inventor of the Pop Up Sun Shades Now Has a Weekly Live Forum for Inventors and Entrepreneurs
Joe Biden should debate Alect Baldwin playing trump seriously, if trump backs out of the debates.
A "skip episode" option on Netflix that allows you to just watch the opening credits. A must faster way to binge watch a series!
PBS airing experimental/avant-garde films as part of their programming
Tinder changes their app to only show you people MORE than X miles from you to promote social distancing.
A class taught in high school that teaches survival. Teaching students how to make quick life saving decisions in emergency situations allowing them to be prepared in stressful situations.
Mail everyone a live wasp's nest
Congressional hearings are boring, sports is entertaining, what if there were "sports" commentators for congressional hearings?
Heat from Hands should charge the phone
Convert to Islam, marry 4 child brides, educate them and send them into high-paying professions, and use your five incomes to build a corporate empire
Start a hashtag called #ProtestNotRiot and maybe people will stop rioting and peacefully protesting instead.
The same way "The Affordable Care Act" vindictively became Obamacare because he was responsible for it, we should call the virus COVID-19 in America by a simplified name based on the person who most helped us acquire and spread it. "The Trump Virus" "COVID-Trump" or "Typhoid Trump"
Stupidly insane thought.
Newspapers should print memes instead of traditional comicsJust a thought
Everyone on the planet gathers in a massive group occupying the entire country of Brazil and simultaneously fart, creating the world's biggest shit cloud worthy of being in the Guinness World's Records.
An app where you can report stores not requiring wearing masks anonymously with pictures
John wick but the dog is a husky that’s always screaming
New international holiday where we all dramatically act like the other sex.
Cat &amp; roomba cafe
Fuck it, every kind of noodle in a pasta
Wear a shirt saying “this video is fake” at all times. If you show up in the background of a viral video, people will question its validity
Round up the mods
A tracking device implanted into the skull for VIPs who are at risk of kidnapping
Crowdfund an Army of Internet trolls to disinform Trump country
New Government
An alarm clock that plays a succession of progressively more annoying bird calls until you wake up.
Never drink water again, yet always remain hydrated.
Crowdsource a new American political party - Direct Democracy Party, using blockchain technology for polling
Comments on Netflix like on YouTube
There should be a nuclear desalination generator.
Start a challenge where you save all of your apocalypse food by eating only very light stuff and mostly living on water for 30 days.
I gotta wild Romantic Idea for Everyone...
Reddit gofundme/Kickstarter idea
Going out with friends and compliment people the entire day
Save the “6ft” stickers on the floors of businesses.
John Goodman should be be put in the line of Royal succession... Just in case
this is crazy to me and hard for me to wrap my head around
Give Redditors the option to make their profiles / posting histories private so that other Redditors don't see where else they've posted and about what.
An app that shows you your doppelganger
Make an alien movie in which all the aliens knowledge of humans has been gathered through watching porn
What if we jumped higher, all of us. Just really put the energy into it and jumped, higher!
At Midnight tonight, Everyone should yell "Jumanji"
Use CGI to edit “Joker” so Joaquin Phoenix has no makeup on.
Port FATAL to PC.
Make Super Tuesday Tax Day. Combine taxation and representation shams into one convenient return.
There should be recommendations on youtube to quit subscriptions on channels you have not watched in a while.
Elon Musk should stream the teachings/teachers from 'Ad Astra' (school teaching system he tried to set upfor his kids))to the public for free. I know that, even as an adult, that I would tune in.
An automatic scrolling feature so you can covertly prop your phone up and read posts without people seeing your phone in your hands when it’s not suppose to be.
A video chat dating app during the Corona Virus pandemic
The 14 year old who faked cancer should do another AMA about bright the most hated man on reddit
We get NBA players to livestream while controlling their own characters in a modified version of 2K broadcasting the game on TV so we still have live sports while quarantining
We should call friday FREEDAY so everyone gets to mood of lacking their job and maybe eventually we save friday.
Toothpaste in a jar, like peanut butter.
Go to public places wearing Wuhan clothing souvenirs
A magnetic or velcro shirt that is customizable
reddit should tell the user they have been censored instead of banned
Everyone should block facebook on their home router for their parents devices.
dog wasp
I figured out how to get Republicans to support abortions
Cereal crackers
Try reverse psychology on the MAGA crowd. Troll them with the Truth.
When around your friends, pretend that you are incredibly disgusted or deathly afraid of something (a certain food, spiders, touching someone's feet, etc.) even though you're not.
A short film about today’s best athletes traveling back in time to play against their sport’s pioneers
Piss bottle
In order to prove my virtue I need to record and report someone being socially irresponsible. Big Brother doesn’t need security cameras everywhere. He just puts them in our hands and we do the rest. Record and report instead of confront and discuss. Ahh humans, can the pendulum swing back again?
What if the Coronavirus was the biggest April's Fool prank in history?
For the love of Christ, it’s 2020 reddit developers. Can we split the NSFW tag into ‘porn’ and ‘other’. I want the ‘other’, I don’t want the porn, and I can only block all NSFW posts in settings.
Have documentary team go out and find the Karen's from Reddit videos and show them people's comments and views on them. I would to see their faces and if they'd realise they're mental.
Someone in Hollywood should make a "Dudley Do-Right" movie as an action-comedy starring Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson. He's half-Canadian; it totally fits.
There should be a designated day where everyone cuts their grass so I don't have to listen to a law mower every fucking day.
What if Einstein wasn't really that much smarter than anyone else... what if he accomplished what he did simply because he was a non-conformist
Portable Pasta: Different forms of pasta in GoGurt-like pouches to be microwaved and eaten on the go
They should make a show were a person hires two hitman to try and kill each other.
Ask both presidential candidates to drop out of the race so nobody has to vote against them
I had a dream last night where Danny DeVito had a YouTube channel doing video game tutorials, and I just really wish it was real.
They should make a sequel to Too Many Cooks as a 24-hour live-stream "loop" of an episode that progressively gets weirder in subtle ways each time it "replays."
In the month leading up to every major Election Day, each week each early-voting location should publicly disclose their count for the week.
Someone needs to sell me a pillow with some kind of cooling device built in so its always cold in the summer.
A Sub called dark mode memes with a bot that takes memes from other Subs and turns them into dark mode friendly memes then posts them..Which will be a perfect sub for users who like to scroll memes before sleep.
Instagram but without upload feature and pictures are posted as is the moment they are taken.
Groundhog Night, a horror movie about an evil groundhog that kills you when you're near a light source because it can see your shadow
A new musical set in Washington about the rioters. Call it 'Les Idiotiques'.
A security system that automatically locks all exterior doors/ windows when armed.
Allow teens and kids to vote, each vote counts 1/5 of a vote towards the polls. This way the younger generation can have their voice heard before they become jaded adults.
Self-driving bike rev 3
Siri’s face recognition can tell when you are drunk. Social media, calls and texts to infrequent contacts are all simulated. If you aren’t at home, location is enabled and an Uber is called. Ending up at a location outside of certain boundaries will trigger a silent emergency call.
Everytime a sweaty rump sticks to a toilet seat &amp; it falls back onto the bowl making a *doot doot*, a demon gets their horns.
A randomizer button for the brake and accelator pedals in your car
If anyone alive on earth could place their vote in any active election in any country of the world
Have quintuplets. Name the first one Right Leg of the Forbidden One, then Left Leg of the Forbidden One, etc., and give birth to all five in one turn to win the game
Have the most simped-for streamers/youtubers describe their ideal partner, emphasizing all their good habits
Penis enlargement advertisements that have a website that gives you tips on how to increase your self-confidence.
Hair trimmer that screams when it's actually cutting hair.
Name the next one "Coorsvirus."
Create a fake chipotle Twitter account for complaints
If police do not want to be treated like civilians, then they should be tried in military court for misconduct.
Legalize all Drugs.
Improve the efficiency of the US federal government by creating Super States.
An app for loaning money, you put the amount you want to loan and the time you want it back if the other person agrees but doesn’t pay you, it forces them to take an actual bank loan to pay you back
Every debate should take place in a hot spring.
Deep fake video of Mr. Rogers coming home, taking off his shoes, and throwing them at Donald Trump
I wish map apps had a “to familiar roads” setting where the navigation would get me to the roads I travel often. I can take it from here.
There should be a 'Simple treatments/symptoms' tabs on sites like WebMB so that people won't be so paranoid when they google their symptoms.
The #1 rule of time travel is don't mess with tthe sequence of events in the past, so what if time travelers in the future decided on a method of subtly warning people of events to come instead of direct interference, that method being making The Simpsons "predict the future" multiple times
Can we report useless YouTubers ruining the chances of someone getting a PS5?
No plea deals, no fines, no short cuts. The system is trying every fucking arrest to a jury trial. And then we acquit everyone anyway.
Police should hire former getaway drivers as pursuit cops.
A “Lomando” VR game..
Host the world's largest quarantine Kahoot game
Minors who lie about their age should be punished legally at the age they lie about.
Wear a Charlie Hebdo shirt in France.
Your balls can be cut off with a single snip of a scissors. this is how fragile life is
All the posts from blackpeopletwitter and whitepeopletwitter can be moved to a more universal subreddit named “Twitter” and work as how r/tumblr does for memes
So Quarantine... my girlfriend like (probably and understandably) many of you is having a tough time. I want to surprise her on her birthday (23rd) with a famous person on a call to sing with her... help me out? I’m thinking the Beatles or Ben Howard.
Crowdfund $26B to buy and shut down Twitter
Governments throughout the world should make the factories plat trees to counter the air pollution and CO2 emission.
On the food packaging should be tier list of how healthy the food is.
Teach people to drive while they're drunk so they can do it no problem
Netflix should make a 'Watch With Friends' mode.
car that rolls down all the windows or turns on the AC to 70f if it senses a baby in a car seat and no driver after 2 minutes
Frozen milk cubes to defeat lukewarm cereal once and for all
The People’s Constitution
When football/soccer and other sports return behind closed doors, the stadiums should have loudspeakers broadcasting fans' live chants from home to give players and viewers a feeling of "being there".
Uber and Lyft should let me buy rides for people in other states who need to get to the polls
Cover versions of the Kidz Bop songs but sung by adults.
Make a live action Gilligan’s Island movie with; Kristan Wig and Fred Armisen as Mr and Mrs Howell, Adam Sandler as Gilligan, Will Ferrell as the skipper, Tina Fey as Mary Ann, Amy Adams as Ginger and Jeff Goldblum as the professor.
Automatically crosspost all posts made in r/redditgetsdrawn to r/roastme
The board of elections should have to pay a $20 cash penalty to every voter who has to wait more than 20 minutes to vote.
An app like Instagram and Yelp but for food reviews. Shows a picture before they ate the food and the result a few hours later — their poop when you swipe right.
Elect Hatsune Miku as the mascot of Earth
A show about sending american women who are spiritual to a country in the east
Wikipedia should purchase the Wiki Game App and use the revenue from there to fund their website so to be (somewhat) less dependent on donations.
New torture/execution method: put rubber bands around the condemned person's forehead one at a time until their head collapses and explodes like a watermelon.
Silicone clear windshield protector ,no more rock chips!
A website that sends angry form letters for you. You pick the topic, recipient, and level of obscenity from a list.
Buy this house and paint the upvote orange!
Jury court cases should not reveal any information about the parties involved to keep the end decision completely unbiased.
Replace guard dogs with guard rhinos
Each political party should be limited to a single Senate seat in each state, and the VP should go back to being the runner-up candidate.
hey you know what would be crazy?
An online registry similar for animal abusers and sex offenders, but for people who use dishonest/predatory filters for their social media/dating app pictures
14 Crazy Ideas That Worked Out Fine
An option to bid $0.00 on eBay and if you are the first and last bidder, you get the item for free.
Allow poster to tick a working 'I don't want karma from this post' box that is visible to other Redditors, so posters can prove they are not karma whoring with their generic 'RIP celebrity X' posts
A comic written about scientific units written in the same form of the Greek pantheon
shoes with built in wireless mouse functions. left foot move , right foot click.
Governors that do not allow voting my mail should have their states votes excluded from the election in November.
Extrapolating from the idea of eGPU into eDesktop.
Organize for a wall of the federal agents' *own* mothers to defend the protestors in Portland
Normal sex like you usually have (or even self pleasure) but this time while you or your partner, or the both of you, use a Q-tip im your ear.
all prisoners have fart pipes in their cells, the victim of that prisoner or any member of the victims family can fart into that pipe at anytime.
A subreddit called copswithnames, all posts must show police misbehaving, country of origin, city, name of the police officer and date.
Require all elected representatives in government to spend 6-weeks (during each year in office!) living in a poverty-stricken neighborhood that they represent, earning the average income of that community for the duration, and have their access to their old life taken away for the duration.
We should have a reset where we split all the money in the world to everyone equally and have a fresh start, since it's impossible to track where all of the money in world has come from and if it was made honestly.
should I start a OnlyFans?
Famous bands hiring replacements who then become the band and continue writing &amp; performing as that group. In 100 years your great grandkids kids will be watching AC/DC, KISS, ABBA or The Rolling Stones (still with Keith Richards though). Not tribute bands but rebooted like James Bond &amp; Dr.Who.
During shortages (runs), stores should only sell products to frequent shoppers at rate based on their loyalty card purchase history. It will build customer loyalty, control hording, and encourage people to use their cards for purchases in future.
The US should enforce a National Mask Mandate with the penalty of having to take a tour of a COVID-19 ward to see what the virus does
One of those YouTube videos like "Actor breaks down biggest roles" but it's just called "Actor breaks down" and it's just an actor having a mental break down.
Biden picks Obama as his vice president.
Special 2020 Offer – Get Business Website Just at $188
That they bring the ridiculously uplifting stock 80s happy movie scene music back too.
There should be a feature on Spotify that pairs you with the person who has the highest number of matching liked songs.
A show in which Bill Nye and Bill Nighy shoot the shit in a café called The Bill is N(igh)ye.
How can we, the American people, help the President do the right thing?
Redraw all the state lines every 10 years based on census data.
Genderless pronoun
A website called Snoopes that is the opposite of Snopes and confirms that all the crazy shit/urban legends are true
Start a political party that believes the government is an inoperative tumor which would kill the patient to remove.
After lighting two joints, offer one of them to an Italian, while proclaiming, "it's a personal". Then FIGHT!!
A political system where a lower income leads to your vote being weighted higher to ensure that politics dont forget about the weakest links of society and have more reason to listen to them.
Bring back Pogs and slammers but design them with modern imagery and make different games with them and
There should be a machine where it turns recycled plastic and other materials into roads, buildings etc.
Invite all the religion leaders of all the religions from around the entire world,and from a week have the biggest religion disscussion,talking about every single aspect of every moral question that has ever existed
A Pixar movie titled Moms.
Everyone can slap a stranger of any age for any reason. But just once a year.
Porn-Os a cereal for adults
Reddit should introduce software so that if anyone using the word:'literally' in the wrong context will make their device explode.
Global politics shake up: At the World Cup in football you get to own and govern the countries you defeat (including anyone that team/country defeated along the way) for the next 4 years until the next tournament
A chocolate advent calendar for every day of the year.
Prostitutes should offer training courses on getting better at sex
On the off chance terror makes sentient beings more delicious, and on the off off chance your ice cream is alive, take it out of the freezer and tell it terrifying things before you go to bed so you wake up to the best ice cream on earth.
Use the snow for slushy &amp; sell it back to the slippies!
A social media site where people post things they want for their birthdays/holidays.
Maybe the Matrix just needs to run system maintenance every 100 years and tells everyone to go inside while it's updating.
A list for covid confirmed like a sexual offenders list
Learn when you have a problem you dont know how to solve and cant pay someone to solve it for you, instead of for the first 1/3 of your life on problems that arent motivating cuz they they're made up.
Bathrooms ought to have night lights so my frkn eye doesn't die when I go to pee in the middle of the night
Governors should send out emails to all residents of their respective states, saying COVID-19 got worse and they need stronger masks, and that they’ll mail them out.
Two types of money positive money and negative money...
Let white people do blackface and darken their bodies, as a sign of protest, that way police will target them and see how they get treated before the police notice.
The panels on cars are made with opposing magnets so there can’t be any car crashes.
They should legalize drugs, but monitor the person using them.
A German Christmas song called Adolf The Red-Nosed Hitler
To avoid cruel comments for being thin - Pretend you lost weight so people stop obsessing over whether you eat or not.
Start training children from birth to blink on a schedule so in a few generations the world will have synchronized blinks
Every time you save a person’s life, you gain a superpower for the rest of your life
A tiny version of a penis-pump, for popping pimples
Everyone start calling chicken meat Chork... or Cheef. See which name wins.
Anyone sincerely proposing "herd immunity" is mandatorily volunteered to be infected.
Need ideas that can be implemented into a webapp
Gay wheelchair bound minorities should be pushed at the front of the protest
To preserve American history, put up statues of every enemy the US has ever had. Hitler Statues. Mussolini Statues. Saddam Hussein statues. Put up a Kamikaze Bomber statue at Pearl Harbor. Make a 1 to 1 memorial for every member of the Viet Cong.
A political losers bracket for the coveted title of 3rd place president
We rewind 2020
All bars, restaurants and pretty much all gathering places in my area are closed till the end of the Coronavirus pandemic.
Make it illegal to die, so if you're starving to death you have to steal food to avoid breaking the law by dying.
Get a trailer and powerful generator with a huuuge gas tank. Bolt it down and tow it behind your electric car for unlimited* range! Still claim tax credits and zero emissions carpool lane privilege.
It’ll save you
A crop dusters full of disinfectant spray flying over cities
Why don't we crowd source for healthcare workers?
You have to have served in your governments military to be president/ political leader
"A Nightmare on Wall Street" featuring Freddy Boomer, A horror movie villain that destroys the economy while you sleep.
Stores scan one of each item at usual price but a second one scans at 10x the price. That would stop the greedy buyers.
Reinstate the Old Medieval Law Requiring All Men in England to Spend Two Hours Per Week Practicing the Long Bow
a store that gives 100% of your money back next year and right away gives you the products as interest on your loan to them
A YouTube Channel called "Feed Your Ego". It's for people with ego problems (50% of the human population). When they're in that toxic mood, rather than get their ego fix from real life, they just go there and feed the emotion with imagery of power &amp; success, validation and outsmarting everyone.
Amazon netflix or Hulu shoulr create a show like black mirror but based upon the short stories of great authors. Think Hemingway, Poe, Chekhov, Kafka, Flannery O'Connor, and Twain. You could enlighten while you entertained.
make an R rated green mask series in the style of "the boys" with dark themes and high gore about a bunch of people going on murderous cartoon fueled rampages.
There should be a second comment section for correcting vocab and punctuation.
Rename Asia to West America and Europe+Africa to East America
Lower the driving age to 10 years old.
Putting the wall clock the opposite side of the board in the classroom so students wouldn't be too aware of the time.
- Crowdspark Summary Document Released For Public Comment - Connecting Passionate Entrepreneurs and FoundersBecome a rap singer by speaking very fast while a friend repeatedly hits dustbins with a tree branch.
Governments should start making fake spam calls to people at risk of falling for them as a way to prepare them for the real thing
New Zealander
Make Lotteries Fun Again
Shopping websites and search engines should exclude results if you put "no" or "without" in front of the word
A Google Translate version of the Bible
Carbonated paint
An app that hides all the rambling bullshit that precedes every online recipe now.
Make a game show that challenges contestants to eat the same thing then see who can wipe the cleanest so we can all learn the cleanest wipe method
Have Gordon Ramsay host one of those "World's worst cooks" shows
comprehensive finance-education app for young people that is fun
A political talk show with Charles Barkley and Keith Olbermann.
Provide a clinic where you offer '5g blocker injections' to conspiracy theorists for a substantial fee. Actually give people a vaccine
During the time of Covid-19 the people that work in offices could all come to work in one of these dinosaur costumes
I imagine a Kool-Aid Man inspired pornograph could be quite entertaining
Completely deregulate healthcare in the US - whatever system evolves can't be worse.
Build Noah's Arc?
Pork rinds dipped in pimento cheese
A reality TV show called Where's The Mark?
Neil DeGrasse Tyson would be an amazing Chia Pet. They could call him Neil The Grass Tyson.
Rename "Mammals" to "Tiddies Gang"
A reality show where we have socialists compete against capitalists.
Public toilet doors should open outward instead of inward so you don’t have to touch the door handle after you’ve washed your hands.
We should list the Earth in the Galactic Classified ads and see if we get any good offers from the aliens.
Cars should reverse when you pull up the accelerator pedal
We infect Trump, so that one of the most advanced countries takes the virus much more seriously, and we get a cure faster.
A ball game where players wear the opposite team’s jerseys, score in their own goal and defend their opponent’s goal.
Simultaneous multiplayer pinball machines
A video game where you dont have much time to die of natural causes. There is no beating the game. You make the most out of your gaming characters life within the span of a few months.
when you call to cancel an appointment, ask for a disappointment
Pick one flight at random and wait until the safety brief is done. Then surprise the plane by directing it into a hangar and run a safety drill on the whole plane.
Paint the Moon blue and green, scatter 8 billion meerkats in space suits. Everyone has a parallel meerkat.
A single emoji depicting the "bah-dum-tssss" rimshot sound effect
An TV series spin off featuring Samuel L. Jackson/Gordon Ramsey describing, berating, and appraising people’s garage sales and their items.
DECENTRALIZED MODE OF STORYTELLING
Realistic Difficulty for AAA games
an app where you take a picture of your wardrobe and pick an event like first date or business/work dinner; the app takes into consideration where you live, time of event and local/current weather and gives you a few outfit ideas to maximizes your clothes use and impress with your style choices.
After all our experience from the Covid lock-down, open up all the schools of the world online so we can choose our preferred education.
For the upcoming election the US should turn off the internet and go into the electoral proces old fashioned without any social media disinformation
Ke$ha should sue tik tok for using her timeless American classic of a song to Trojan horse all our phones
Have big musicians sell tickets online for their concert at an outrageous price so companies like ticket master buy all of them, then just host the concert for free anyway so the skimming companies are left in the hole.
Integrate a sleep monitor with your audiobook player to stop the book when you fall asleep.
Many people say tax is theft. Your country should only tax other countries but not its own citizens.
Combine the anus and the vagina into a "Poopgina"
A random number generator that chooses a random integer between 0 and infinity
Create a new Covid-19 variant, very contagious but harmless, so that other dangerous variants could not spread so easily
Pj blanket
There should be a “I’ve played this before but just need a quick refresher” version of tutorials in video games.
Make a convincing video about COVID19 and 5g that validates conspiracy theorists, then reveal that I made the video and it was a lie to bring back Szechuan sauce.
Innovative educational company teaching students technology &amp; fitness skills through a wildly fun phone application and virtual reality called Infinite Education.
NSFW Sexually Suggestive Gift Card Trio
A dummy dog for dogs to dry hump.
Maybe babies don’t call parents “mama” and “dada” because they are assigning parental roles, but parents call themselves “mama” and “dada” because those are the first words babies say.
There should be a subreddit called r/goodcopbigdoughnut to highlight all of the good that cops do.
We build a base on the moon
A mjolnir/excaliber type lightsaber in star wars. Eg Anakin becomes unworthy as he turns to the dark side, like has to become worthy etc.
A 2 inch tall battle robot that you control using VR. You could go around fighting insects and explore the world around you.
Nascar were nobody has arms and all the can use to steer is there mouth
“Blocking” subs so you don’t see their posts on r/all
Insurance service for startups
Grocery store for obese individuals that offers insane discounts on food, but entry is only provided upon receipt of a 1 hour gym session with specific rules for form and completion.
Zoom with Santa Clause and his ElvesPick 50 deserving candidates from all US. Put them in the "Circle" and let them vote like the movie (2015). Same rules but the last man/woman standing will become the next President.
A bot that finds any instance of Viva La Vida by Coldplay and replaces it with Fallen Kingdom
We should build monuments to Confederate leaders, but make them public garbage containers or urinals
Somebody has to start spitting some objective crap, the crazy real kind
A Random Channel button on TV remotes.
Someone should make a bot that splits long posts into paragraphs and it can be summoned by mentioning its username
Football would be more interesting if the scoring system worked more like basketball
Dell XPS 9300 Laptop For Student &amp; Business Use
Isolation nudes group
Mute the mic of the opposing candidate while the other has the floor, so we can hear the substance of what’s being said.
Make a Reddit feature that when someone double taps a picture, it takes you to r/Instagram
There are self-checkouts in large stores, why not self-serve info centers to locate exactly what you are looking for?
A TV screensaver where the bouncing icon actually hits the corner for once.
Let's not go back.
Croudsource a better name for the moon than "The Moon."
The internet should be a public utility run by the USPS.
Woah
Everyone should change their public info on Facebook to fuck with the algorithm.
Add a section to every user's Reddit profile, where we can leave reviews. Like Yelp but for Redditors.
Start a jewelry company called Sask. Manufacture hairy watches called Saskwatches.
COME FOR THE CURE
What if there are no signs of intelligent alien life because the aliens recycle and don't leave a ton of junk in space like we do
How can I make distributed schoolhouse a reality?
A sex toy that, as well as stimulating your body, screams facts at you, thus stimulating your mind.
A montage of many many american citizens around the country shouting "youre fired" to play on all major streaming channels if and when, the second trump is defeated. It'll include old people, young people, the DNC kid with the stutter, black people, ending with biden. all with sentential music.
Yelp should integrate dietary preferences/allergens into their menu function, so when you are trying to figure out what you can eat it's automatically shown and won't require grilling the server with 100 things to memorize
Lime-pepper Wings?
Audible should run a contest where the winner gets their favorite book read to them live. They only get to stop If you fall asleep.
Subreddit where you post an opinion and people comment telling you why it makes you an idiot
Replace the word “the” with the word “nigger”
Double or nothing pizza delivery: You pay the price of one pizza and have a 50/50 chance or either getting no pizza or two pizzas.
insert a giant paperclip into the Marianas Trench to try and reset the Earth.
Make a piano out of poop
WhatIWishIdKnown: a subreddit for people of any age to tell people of any other age something they wish they knew at that age
a second opinion on if you have covid or not, that doesnt know about the first doctor nor communicate about you through the government spying on your medical records
Emboldened by the success of the Doritos Taco Bell Taco Shell, Frito-Lay introduces an assorted line of of Cheetos Croutons.
Instead of boring flat pita bread at church, why don’t we just use garlic bread
Disney, Dreamworks, Pixar, or any other popular children’s animation studio should make a detailed horror movie with their artistic skills
Here are a few crazy ideas to get rid of lifetime supreme court appointments without a constitutional amendment:
Make “We Didn’t Start the Fire ii” with events from 1989 - present
My friends are talking about babies....
Let's abolish all money and pool the world's resources together to share them equally
Elected leaders of a state/city/country should not be allowed to get medical treatment or education for their children outside their own constituency.
Satirical youtube channel
Crossbreed weed and oregano and create weergano to use it on pizzas and shit
shoes made out of slime
For workers whose jobs don’t depend on daylight visibility, all work shifts should be from 3 P.M. to 11 P.M. instead of the conventional 9-to-5. That way, daytime can be spent doing fun activities.
A REAL Ghost Hunting Show, but with A Priest, Imam, Kohen, Monk and an Athiest and they are left alone in haunted places overnight.
AA but for lonely people
An idea for a podcast?
A superhero that is also &amp; unbeknownst the main character the main antagonist.
Rich liberals create a program that helps poor liberals move to North Dakota until it becomes blue.
Spotify should give everyone premium until May for quarantine
tapping the optic nerve to transmit images to the brain
Mike Tyson should do a cover of "Kiss Me" by Sixpence None The Richer
Remake movies but from the antagonist’s perspective.
Show up to a protests by groups waving the confederate flags in stormtrooper armor and call them rebel scumJet-wings.
In the name of international peace and global understanding, start a world war to establish Esperanto as the official language of every nation.
A browser extension for Reddit awards, but the money goes to charity.
Rubber bullets should be abolished. It's literally a medium/long range weapon that can cripple people permanently, yet it's used indiscriminately under the misleading nomenclature of "non-lethal" weapon with 0 accountability
Instead of spending campaign money on mailers creating more junk mail and waste, spend that money on more baby Trump balloons and fly them all over the country.
There should be a publicly accesible website with running tallies of all causes of death
If the corona virus was a s big as a tennis ball, we'd all be wearing tennis racquets over our faces
America should adopt binary as its primary number system.
A company that (safely) mails kittens to new homes called USPSPSPS
For god so loved the world, that he shut it down
An honest, customer-honoring cell service provider who values integrity and quality consumer experience
A reverse uber where you drive for someone in their own car to their destination in exchange for a free ride.
Temporarily suspended Reddit users should ONLY be allowed to upvote and give awards during their suspension.
VR systems should produce motion sensing belts and anklets so you can perform dances with your whole body in Beat Saber
A religion where you go to heaven only if you do whatever gives you the most pleasure and avoid things you dislike
A system in which if you came up with something cool- only to realize later someone else came up with too (independently) to have a credit of equal awesomness.
Host a slipknot concert in grand theft auto so the whole lobby can fight and be crazy while listening to it
Us 'essential workers' should get Hazzard pay
We should start a #StormJeffBezos movement and have thousands of people show up to his new house. We could swim and golf and enjoy the trickledown that we haven’t received yet!
A cooking show where professional chefs compete using only what can be found in a male college student’s kitchen
End political debates with a half hour of politically themed Jeopardy
Just like there's checkers and chinese checkers, what if there was chinese football?
Social Media IS the great filer in Fermi's Paradox
Ping pong with a grenade in place of the ping pong ball
Set up cameras to record from the cabin of a plane so passengers have the option to watch their pilots and what they see.
A fork but the edges are knife then we call it knork
why dont we just publish the addresses of all the places mailed in vitea can be sent to be counted and then people can drive there and they set up drop boxes outside?
Every company that has purposely moved factories to other Nation out of PURE greed for money should get put on a Master List and we start boycott non stop. Either they bring the jobs back to the USA or go bankruptcy, their choice.
Jack Dorsey to donate $1 billion to fund COVID-19 relief and other charities
Opposites Attract. A dating app that matches people with extremely different likes and personalities.
Change unused prisons into homes for the homeless, give them all keys to their rooms and prison food until they can support themselves.
An new subject in school where children are taught from an early age on how to use the internet safely and recognize traps/scammers/unsafe websites
Become famous by speeding on a scooter then make a yt video on it the video is so crazy you become famous get sponsored by the company that made the scooter and that is my master plan for the future.
If you say your gun is for self-defence it should automatically ping cops and paramedics every time it's fired
Hans Zimmer Interstellar main theme played on a Crazy Musical instrument - The Cristal Baschet
Why don’t rich people decide to start a business where really cutting edge augmented reality headsets are tethered to the ceiling in a room and customers can walk around and do various things with it?
As a way of raising money for something important, there should be a contest. Ten popular bands would all be given the same words for a song. Each band would then write music to go with the words, and create a new song. People would then have to donate money to vote on who wrote the best song.
Electrified mosquito net/curtain
An Instagram-like social media app that uses an exclusive internal camera which makes absurdly photoshopping posts impossible
Put a flat earther on a call with another flat earther on the other side of the planet and watch them argue over what the time is.
end world hunger with an app
All video games that are 10 years old or older should be in the public domain.
Marvel should make the next Antman movie fighting the Coronavirus
A YouTube channel that shows the life of a father raising children as a father should.
Fines and penalties are based on a percentage of one's income.
Emotional messanger
A text message setting that sends a message to someone but doesn't set off a notification so that you can someone know something without the urgency of setting off their phone.
build a flying saucer of helium balloons and put glow sticks between some of the baloons
Internet lawyers. So you can be unbanned from a social media site, subreddit, Reddit altogether, etc. if you were wrongfully.
Police unions/departments should have to buy insurance for lawsuits regarding police brutality and illegal behavior.
Create a personals service for codependent people...
Have Kevin Spacey play Bob Iger in a movie because they look kind of similar and fuck it nothing matters anymore
Chemistycs - the subject that discusses all matters that have both physics and chemistry involved.
Singles Fellowship 💕
Launch deathlaser mirrors into orbit. Use them to heat the hell out of one spot. Smelt metal or run a generator from it.
Question Your Assumptions
All golf courses double as cemeteries and vice versa.
Whenever someone deletes their Reddit account, Reddit should hold a “funeral” for their account. Remembering their best posts/comments and allowing Reddit users to leave notes about the account.
A mod for fallout 4 where they use TP instead of caps for currency.
Pass wildly unpopular laws today. Your opposition will think it's a joke
A website where you can swap lives with people for a certain time period
Force all Dartmouth students to put a dart in their mouth at graduation
Tax the manufacturer on Plastic Packaging
They release a movie with several differences throughout the movie.
Make the British Royal Crown A Literal, Rather Than Symbolic, Source of Power. No More Lines of Succession Royalty is Controlled By Literally Wearing a Royal Crown. If You Can Manage to Steal the Crown and Put in On Your Head, You Are Now the British Monarch.
Make cans that scream when you open them with a can opener
Crazy people were all ways out there but now they have the internet to spread there crazy ideas to other people
A Remote Desktop voyeur porn experience in which people allow others to control their desktop and you follow along with the porn session controlled by person on the other side.
What if 10 minimum wage working friends lived on one combined income?
Make Police Act More Like Firefighters
Tell the cast of Big Brother about the pandemic. That way they have to consider their choice of who to kick out having possible deadly repercussions for that person and their family.
Limit the age of people
The soup of the day at restaurants should be federally mandated.
In the olympic games, a race where the athletes can take whatever drugs they want, lets see how fast a human being can really go!
Accelerate climate change in a reversible way right now, to see consequences and gain public support for climate action, and then reverse the damage.
So crazy it might work? Perfect - JOIN THE SUPER AFFILIATE SYSTEM PRO NOW BY JOHN CRESTANI...WAY TO EARN A 6 FIGURE INCOME ONLINE
Paying extra for ESPN-X. No announcers and instead you get to hear EVERYTHING everyone says.
Become country singer. Call self "Urban Toby". Music is a combination of Toby Keith and Keith Urban.
The proctorgon, only refs who fight it out
Remove term limits for politicians, but ban them from holding consecutive terms.
Hire 10-15 private investigators to spy on one another and report back to you with their findings.
Reddit should have a search feature for upvote adjusted inflation number based on how many active users there on on the website. Ex: 100 upvote today is worth 1 upvote in 2015.
Facebook messages can be unsent?
Reverse lottery
Lawyers watch COPS
Build a smaller version of the Sydney Harbour Bridge and called it the Sydney Harbour Abridged
Turn off the microphone of the person not allowed to speak during the debate
A PSA featuring 'My Sharona' song but with lyrics about 'My Corona'
A coup-coup clock
An award show for bad videogames similar to the Razzies (aka Golden Raspberries).
Neil degrasse Tyson for next jeopardy host?
Instead of fake skeletons for Halloween, use a fake, hollow body of just skin
An online sort of campus tour in the fashion of programs like Club Penguin.
We use our fingerprints instead of signatures.
2 people who dont like their skin color can trade skin
We outnumber rich people by the billions why don’t we just consume them and seize the means of production
Feet pic?
The reason so many human myths involve dragons is that we all evolved from the tree-dwelling shrew, who’s main predator would have been relatively enormous snakes “up” in the branches.
Wind farms By the sea.
Facebook and Twitter seem to be detrimental to individuals and to society as a whole. What if they were just... banned? Shut down completely?
A bed that you get inside of
Force racist people sentenced for a hate crime to watch interracial porn in prison
Make an Area 51 raid style event for people to get totally shitfaced at home and create the world’s largest party spanning both number of people and total area covered
Bring back Chris Evans to play the Human Torch in the MCU when they inevitably make a Fantastic Four movie now that Captain America’s arc has ended
make every comment in this sub “haha damn lol that’s crazy”
All packaged products should have the MANUFACTURING price somewhere on them - that’s the cost of the product and its packaging, for consumer transparency
A soundtrack that is perfectly designed for a book
WWE "Smack" Down
We should be the ones who earn money for being force fed commercials. Especially since the commercials entice us to waste our money. We should all get a cut of the millions companies like youtube earn.
A really crazy idea will be to choose a crazy idea from this sub.
Start stammering. Commit crimes. Go to Jail. Finish your term. Come out and joke about how you've Finally Completed the Sentence!
Don't quarantine people.
Change the r/unexpected subreddit's icon to a picture of the spanish inquisition
Strange !
Millions of Americans should file frivolous lawsuits against Trump once he is out of office to overwhelm him and let him know how it feels to abuse the legal system.
Wall Street should be broken up but not in the way you think
Legos Should Be Made With a Bit of Iron in Them, and Come With a Magnet Pick-up tool
Revoke black rights
In this time of weakness we should reunite the Roman Empire
Buy 2 towels of 2 different colors. Cut each towel in half and sew each half into the opposite color. Now you have 2 towels that are both half of 2 colors. Now you know which side you can dry your head/shoulders with after you shower and which side to dry your ass/balls with.
Bring back the show 1000 Ways to Die and have Sean Bean star in every reenactment.
Some sort of gofundme to help support ICE and police officers that want to quit their jobs
A dinning hall that stays open all night for college students who paid for the dining pan but sleep and eat at odd times
Someone should remake the scene in the Simpsons where homer goes 3D with modern CG technology
Make the oceans so acidic that they melt all the cruise ships that are polluting them in the first place.
Build the wall using waste, rather than dumping it in ocean
Turn one of the people you hate the most into a Cuphead boss so it seems like you're truly combating the threat
Generate a 3D character that looks like you within a minute or so.
Go piss in the nearest bathtub right now. Immediately tell all your friends and family that you did it, and exhort them to do the same, and to tell their friends and family. Once everyone has pissed in the bath, and everyone knows it, we will all be free
A subreddit were people write the darkest story they can come up with
You can never get divorced but you can later marry a million people to reduce it's significance.
Eminem spelled backwards is menime and if you say that out loud fast you’ll understand that he’s always been gay and he’s been telling us for years in songs, but we just thought it was all a joke.
Theory: dogs are people wearing coats
I call it... Simp Draft.
Put raw capsaicin in a water balloon, launch them at police officers. Give them a taste of their own medicine.
2nd person shooter
There is a technical name for the "fear of long words." It's called "hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia
A ''spitting out drink'' emoji
What is the discord logo is a war helmet for the reddit alien?
Give every new Reddit account a randomised amount of karma upon creation
Steam should make every game free for a limited time
A command line program for Linux that lets you quickly add captions to memes.
The word crazy is in the name of the subreddit
A version of Pokemon GO but based on People of Walmart.
Make Karens take a Karen Abatement course
A normal art galley except for SoundCloud rapping on full volume on all speakers
Mexican vs. American Gladiators! (A reality competition show.)
Underwear that doesn’t smear shit onto your balls after you use the bathroom
That one “see how far you and a friend can throw and catch and egg without it breaking” game but with mini watermelons or big ones if your feeling spicy.
If you're doing a group project by yourself, put one of the slides that's just words in bold "I did everything by myself and my teammates are so lazy they didn't even bother checking the slides before presentation"
A videoclip database of every english word uttered by various public figures and it's part of an app that let's you compose a sentence and quickly get a 'video' of your public figure of choice uttering that sentence.
Use unemployed Dippin’ Dots vendors to distribute the Corona virus vaccine.
It should be illegal for political parties and organizations to text and call our private numbers without our explicit consent.
A Party Bus that goes from club to club, all night routes. A separate shuttle that takes you home on the same route. If you're drunk enough to get on the wrong bus, you still made the right decision
I'm just going to change my last name to PhD and get all these jobs I want.
Hire a janitor for your house
The Cleveland Indians should change their name to The Cleveland Steamers.
Breed bio luminescent algae in a thin pliable watertight surface that can be installed as flooring so that you can see your footsteps as you walk around your house at night.
A social media where everyone's password is in their bio
What if the human race decided to "sacrifice" Bezos and distribute his wealth EVENLY to every single person on earth?
put a bunch of cocaine, ketamine, and other flavors of nose candies in flower buds at the local botanic garden. watch as chaos ensues as people smell the flowers
Every leap year as the clock strikes midnight in your time zone, everyone in that time zone jumps and clings to any ledge or bar available, suspended in the air, and we see how long we can all last before falling. Some time zones will start way earlier than otherwith only the strong stay suspended..
Instead of a plant burger so good that carnivores can't tell it's not meat, cook a meat burger so badly that your vegan guests can't tell it's not made of tofu or some shit.
If someone wants to own a second home or a home to be used as an investment/for rental income, then that person should also need to purchase a home for someone currently homeless/renting.
Advertisers stop paying big corporations for advertising and instead pay people to view their ads.
Make the earth spin slightly faster by moving from south USA to north USA
Teach everyone basic survival and self defense starting at a young age.
Not putting post from restricted subs on the front page
A congress of governors when the president isn't acting as needed during an emergency
Ever thought that you were the only living person on this planet and life was just a fake simulation to study your behavioural patterns?
Nose Masks for better Covid protection
All newspapers should use Comic Sans font
A Reddit yearbook featuring the users with the most and least karma. Most popular subreddits and the most useless ones, and the most downvoted and upvoted posts of the year.
Start wishing everyone a MERRY CRISIS this year to spread joy and fear at the same time.
That you can see your Reddit followers, but only if they allow you to.
A website like GoFundMe but instead lists economical crisis issues that the government ignores with a donation link directly to the funding
Now you can bite off the top of your fingers, as well as biting your nails.
Nanflix- a subscription service that shows videos of grandmother's telling stories
The biggest corporations in the US should be obligated to provide internships to young persons in HS and to support under privileged communities.
Locking a post should also lock votes, awards, etc.
A Center for Ants!
Get rid of the Coronavirus by false flag "Me Too"-ing it...pay a woman to say Covid-19 sexually assaulted her in a Baltimore nightclub in 1986
A gum ball machine Pez-dispenser like pack for gum balls
Medical simulation that can save lives.
I have an idea.
Bring back acoustic guitar rap
Edible drink containers.
The first recipients of immortality should be people with life sentences
Every Youtuber with more than 5 million subscribers should be forced to do real subtitles.
We should make a subreddit where we post bills we'd like to see passed in congress (USA)
Youtube should replace the uploaded date on music videos with the original release date of the song.
Everyone should make a TikTok account and create the most cringeworthy stuff to the user base to the point where it’s uncool. Like what our parents did with Facebook and Twitter, but 5 years ahead of schedule. Kids will think app is junk and fortnite dance themselves off the platform.
Ban everyone from twitter EXCEPT for Donald J Trump
WWE is leaving a fortune on the table by not having Hulk Hogan, Macho Man and other famous faces on fashion masks
Police being required to fill out paper work every time they use pepper spray similar to how they have to document when they draw/use their firearm
Rename "Podcasts" to "Phonecasts" given that iPhones are now used more commonly
Start referring to people who won't pull their mask over their nose as "Kilroys".
There should be elections to remove moderators. Idk how you’d do that but I’d like to see the arguments
Lock all the Karens in a room with some Murder Hornets, and decrease the amount of entitlement and anti-vaxers.
On a show with technobabble, have a character pretending to be an engineer spout nonsensical words, and no one is convinced
How to terraform two planets and create a hyper telescope
Garfield comic strips from Odie's perspective.
Rename Reddit coins to "Creddit"
Anarchy zones. Every mile along major roads, is a small area called an anarchy zone where there's no laws.
Set half of your apartment building's fire alarms to go off to farts instead of smoke. Watch as chaos ensues.
It would be interesting if people on Reddit started giving out the meeting ID’s of their Zoom meetings.
The debates should make use of a Chess Clock that only allows one mic to be active at a time.
The price isn't Right: Contestants compete to see how far away from the price they can guess.
Only constitutes of congressmen who voted for war can be drafted.
From now on the winner of every presidential race should be via a nationally televised Survivor style reality show with every major candidate competing.
Bus stops should have urinals.
we could use this as an opportunity to create an economy with a solid foundation that favors all workers and allows us to contribute to society while still being able to support oneself and have a social life.
YouTube should make a "multiplayer game." Get some friends, connect, and play a minigame. Whoever wins gets to pick the next video, and after said video, they play again to decide who goes next.
Pause and Rewind options for automated phone menus, or standardize option 1 as "repeat this message"
When VR technology is perfected they should make an adventure game called AARP where you role play as a senior citizen who saves the world with powers from their era.
Parental controls for your parent’s computers where there adult children can go in and block fake news sites.
Shoot a horror movie in the same house that Home Alone was filmed in, but don't tell anyone it's the same house.
Las Vegas should have a bet on how long before Ghislane Maxwell has suicided herself.
If so many people do their best thinking in the bathroom, maybe that's where we should brainstorm.
Cities should plant fruit trees for anyone to pick instead
Put a mask on because your dog will miss you.
A sequel to The Big Bang Theory where Sheldon becomes self-aware and depressed.
When doctors perform an operation that doesn't hurt, they should say it does hurt so when the patient realises it didn't hurt, the doctor should say they are very strong to boost self esteem
Cyberpunk 2077: Tesla Edition - Comes with free Cybertruck
Protesters should find where they manufacture tear gas, rubber bullets, and riot shields here in the US and protest at those locations. Especially if there is going to be destruction of property.
'Malcom in the Middle' will get a chance to make a sequel show called 'Malcom the MiddleAged'
Put a tiny camera on a caterpillar so we have a live feed from inside the cocoon
If you dont want to vote for a specific presidential candidate you should get an alternate choice that your vote simply cancels out another for the candidate you dislike the most.
Have multiple journalists become cops in the USA and document every single day.
Hours before inauguration, Trump resigns, then Pence, then Pelosi and so on also resign down the succession chain, to ensure that Joe Biden becomes the 69th president.
A moment should be redefined as a single frame. If it can be captured for a frame, we have a moment on film.
Remove all car horns
A keyword search feature for Microsoft offices insert symbol selection window
#HackingToSaveMySon
EA should come out with a controller for FIFA that you can only use with your feet.
Since corporations can't die, they should be required to disband after 75 years and their assets ditributed to the shareholders and taxed.
The New York Times should have a non-paywall site for people who don't have a bank account yet.
For Saw 10 the main victim being punished in jigsaw's game should be Donald Trump
We should celebrate people that pay a lot in taxes like we do athletes and create awards for people who pay the most in a single year, lifetime etc.
grocery stores use their cameras to catch people who don't cover their coughs/sneezes and put them on a ban list.
Having a child is actually keeping a sperm as a pet.
Instead of grades and classes, we just have specific big tests we pass in high school, and the scores on them are our transcripts
My dream
If you get the reward of the first man to get 3 world records, this earns 4 rewards and you get the reward of the first man to break 4 records, now you have endless rewards.
Why don’t hospitals higher comedians and funny performers? Imagine the morale boost when there’s someone roaming the halls 24 hours a day trying to make people laugh.
Solve international power struggles by maths tournaments between athletes instead of legal trials between lawyers!
On the next season of South Park everybody should be wearing masks for covid19 . Everyone should talk like Kenny and you have to read subtitles for the whole season
Facebook Prime: No ADs, and you get to customize how your profile looks, like you could with MySpace.
Have Nickelodeon host the next debate and when someone interrupts they get slime dumped on their head.
Make a Federal Law requiring every citizen to vote.
Grow microalgae farms to cover 25th of Earth, over seven years, capturing all the extra carbon. Then bomb it to prevent an Ice Age.
protest masks by buying the originals of works of art and painting masks over the peoples faces
So I decided to make an outrageously sexual Waze voice and I kinda think it’s a hit...
a restaurant called Stomp House that only serves waffles
Print out your memes for the eventual apocalypse
Give Trump a lie detector test
An individually set importance score on subreddits for your own main page.
Put tags under memes to categorise the meme format so you can browse trough all the different post from the same meme
Paint a "black lives matter" mural in every street the president plans to have a rally
Make the title/slogan of San Antonio, TX "The Alamo at Oak Quarry"
A built-in “re-watch previous ending” feature that plays the last 2 minutes of the previous episode
Legalize murder, but your justification is judged by a grand jury - if they deem your reason for murder fair, it's legal.
Survival Hack: Preserve milk by sopping it up with toilet paper.
As united victims of the Coronavirus, everyone should replace the handshake with the fist bump explosion.
you should be able to buy coins with karma
Yearly or bi-yearly homologation gaming computers.
If someone just made a dish on a glass stovetop, present a piece of the food in one hand and wet the other hand with water. Say you will make the food disappear and distract them by flicking your wet hand at the hot stovetop dramatically while you surreptitiously mouth the food.
If someone started making "fake" masks targeted towards anti-maskers who want to get around the mask rule by trying to fool people with their "fake" mask, but the mask was actually a real properly working mask, we might get a lot more people wearing masks, and therefore save a lot of lives.
Idea to monitor and randomly audit police interactions to help build confidence in law enforcement again by weeding out bad cops.
Zero calorie oreos
New Rule: During the final televised presidential debate, Biden and Trump stand together on a tandem podium and answer questions at tbe same time talking over each other into a shared oversized novelty microphone.
Being used to a outspoken government leader- to counter the expectation of boredom, something that says random things in the middle of the night.
To battle misinformation, Reddit could display the top comment along with each post
Put a 6 month ban on dog breeding and selling to empty out all of the shelters.
Recast the Star Wars Original Trilogy but Todd Howard plays every single character.
spider-man, but spider becomes a man, after some creep ejaculates on him.
Buy Bitcoin in Wyoming Corp
Social Experiment on Divisiveness
They should let you call people on Reddit
Shower beds.
The year is actually 2257 and someone set his 'what if machine' that can simulate any universe with any parameters and just set it to chaotic randomness and we are the ones in the simulation
Game developers should give you the choice to skip a cutscene when you couldn't be bothered watching it, and then give you an option to read the jist of it.
Temporary team-up of all the countries to cure Corona virus, because for one thing, it works all the time in Plauge Inc. and it works, and enemy and friend countries all suffer from it.
Reddit should have a reverse feed showing you only subreddits you dont follow, that way we can find new things, rather than r/all where we see a bunch of posts from our feed again
When VR technology advances enough, we should make a show where we kidnap people and put them in a VR set and make them believe they died and were reincarnated as animals/insects.
Mess with the planet's rotation by having a global running competition where everyone on earth faces west and starts precisely at the same time.
Chuck E. Cheese style resurant thats also a stripclub for furrys
Continue producing cheese curds as normal, but one curd in every bag is just a curd-shaped piece of butter
College of Obedience - doesn't teach you anything but proves you will do near anything you're told by an authority nomatter how much you hate it without any backtalk - which is in high demand
it makes me sad knowing how many people are out there that ill never ever know and meet. we might be the same and would’ve been perfect friends
a restaurant that offers a normal full price burger and the exact same burger but with a scary name for half price, like the diarrhea sauce burger but its actually just the usual sauce
Countries should now do war virtually using the real numbers of their armies this will result in zero casualties and zero destruction and it will settle any conflict and whoever loses will pay a fine for the winning country.
Tie a string around each toe and tie the other end around your fingers, then type as man pangrams as you can can (pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs, for example) and you'll eventually train your toes to type. Then you can sit back, reclined, and finish writing that next great American novel.
Mindblowing: packaged meat
A motion charged vibrator
A horror movie where the killer is terrible as whistling creepy songs
Knock your house down and rebuild it 10 feet closer to where you work. Shave valuable seconds off your commute time.
A website where you can find exactly what part of your obnoxiously beeping household appliance should you hit with a hammer to disable the beeping forever
A reverse cheese grater - rub handfuls of grated cheese against it and it somehow knits them back together into a block of cheese.
Hmmmmm
Rick Astley could start his own pre rolled joints business called "Rick Rolled"
Political petition to expedite global warming for balance and harmony. (Starting with the UK)
Dating league class preserved
A website/app that you input how your ideal government would act on certain issues, and it gives you related links and congresspeople
Skate 4
You can pay a store not to sell you cigarettes.
We should start a religion based on the belief that humans can become God.
Everybody that refuses to wear a mask must have their seat belts cut out of their car.
Dork Dash
A job where you wear a nice suit and stand in the corner just to make an establishment look important.
Education is too expensive. Healthcare is too expensive. The US should make a free education path for anyone who wants to become a physician.A clothes folder machine (washer -&gt; dryer -&gt; folder)
You buy a drink. You have to return the water, though - you're locked in until you can use the restroom.
An ice cream truck that sells weed infused ice cream and plays Snoop Dogg when it drives down the street
Teach monkeys how to make and use fire
Food delivery restaurant
Build a second moon and put it into orbit with the other moonTerminally wIll- A business for future purchasing birthday/whenever presents for loved ones after you've gone.
After this ends we should do Hands Across America again
Instead of an aquarium, build underwater viewing domes in actual undersea areas where visitors can see whatever sea life happens to be around.
What if we could add playback music to recorded messages on WhatsApp, etc.?
For just one day, enable javascript in reddit comments.
Kidnap Michael Bay and force him to shoot a low-budget romantic comedy, with no CGI, no big action sequences, and no explosions.
Become a postal worker so you can reliably deliver your own mail
selling california to both salafis and drug cartels for 500 billion then forcibly taking it back a century later!
Replace the huge number of political subreddits with just three big ones.
A bed that's only comfortable between optimal sleeping hours
Weird Al should make an album of only original songs and call it "Norm-Al" Yankovic.
When you are in a loud place and you want to hear someone talk subtitles come up on your eyes
Google Translate but for people who want to write time travel stories. You put in the location and date and it translates your sentence into how it would’ve been spoken at that time
An association that helps black communities and non-black actors and singers can donate it and get an n word pass for songs, movies and shows.
Mormon does Extreme Stunts
Make GPA actually weighted
2 cryptocurrencies whose license agreements requires that only people who have been covid vaccinated can pay and be paid by it, and the other one is only for people who have not been covid vaccinatedWhen the impeachment is over, if found guilty, Donald Trump must go on TV in Prime Time; he must concede the election on air and admit that the election was fair and honest. He should also pay a steep fine (&gt;$10,000,000) with the proceeds used to promote US Civics education in the future.
Craft a sword made from your archnemesis then kill them with themselves.
Soak-Flavoured rice ™
Once you reach age 100, murder is legal, with provisions. You can legally kill anyone you want, but you can't use any weapons, poison, etc, and the victim isn't disabled and/or incapacitated. If you can kill an able-bodied man with your bare hands, you're allowed to.
A button to move back up the comments thread.
Create a TV show called “The Reaper” where the host tracks down the last survivor(s) of a near-extinct species and finally kills them off.
A new superhero show called "Iron Knee". It's like Iron Fist, but with more... Iron... Knee...
We pretend Trump is our leader and when aliens show up asking where our leader is we take them to him
Make a social media website where users can only post once.
Strip clubs with dogs instead of strippers and they don't get naked on the stage, but they do give private VIP petting sessions instead of lap dances.
Use a time machine to go back in time to capture a whale so we can bring the whales back from extinction.
HiddenHeroes: An interactive map that tells the stories of all the people who helped to hide jews during the Nazi occupation.
A talking robot that helps people in Brazil, but instead of helping people, it simply says "I don't speak Portuguese"
Waterboard someone, but instead of using water, use milk, so when the cops question you, say you weren't waterboarding them because you didn't use water.
A vote by citizens can pardon any criminal with the same power as a presidential pardon
Mask that insults both parties.
Zombies that can access their host's memories to trick people the host knew into getting bit
Converting gas vehicles to electric.
Hierarchical tabs in a web browser
As an alternative to university, what if we offer kids finishing high school some training and a small loan to start their own business
There should be Olympic Games but with steroids only.
"Life Swap" App
With weed legalizing almost everywhere soon we should have a guns for cannabis trade in program. It will get more guns off the streets then the cops ever could and we can forge the guns into an iron throne.
Give tax exemption to non-profit charities in the same way we give it to churches.
There should be a “Trumpget” style subreddit with posts of people criticising the Covid-19 lockdown and then getting Covid-19 and realising it’s not a hoax.
If you put a human in rice (like an iPhone) will the rice absorb all the water?If one generation unites and agrees to raise their kids to pee while sitting down, we would be able to normalize it in only a few decades
"Court jesters" for common social situations and workplaces whose sole job is to point out bullshit and say it as it is albeit in a truly funny, tasteful and entertaining manner
Urban Dictionary, but for boomers
Claritin suppositories
Introduce the death penalty for greedy deputies and ministers in Ukraine
‪Every politician should be required to complete a “masters program” spending 2 years living and improving a poor community in their country. Maybe after that, they’ll be more motivated to create policies that help everyone.‬
The world complains about pushers who get you hooked on their drugs then jack up prices but don't complain about people who sell toner cartridges
A coordinated invasion of as many Discord servers as possible. Mark our claim by playing the Peanuts theme on repeat using their music bot.
Sign Petition: Fire Roger Goodell
There should be a universal sign for "call the police".
"oh you think state's right's need to succumb to federal rights? then succumb to this" must be what Trump is thinking sending in the Federal secret police to arrest people protesting abuse of police power
A movie where a gamer can teleport to anyone’s house that he encounters online anonymously, beat the shit out of them and leave without any consequences until a single instance where he’s unable to teleport back and he ends up being in a physcopath’s house who holds him hostage and he has to escape.
A toy where you scan in an object (it can be anything) and it 'comes to life' inside like a little dome
Nearly everything is mass produced these days except the one thing that matters most, the thing they keep taking away from people that they cant replace. Their time of working jobs. Mass produce work, and leave people alone to do whatever they want.
Airplanes with seats facing towards the windows
Stop politicizing and emotionalizing issues, just tell us how much it'll cost and give us a "yes or no" option
Downvote this if you agree
Zoophilia Law Abuse
Hahah
Medical Civilian Guard for future pandemics
Colour the concrete (or whatever walls are made from) instead of painting them
Train AI models on Reddit comments and use it to predict and replace deleted comments based on the replies and parent threads.
Bring back the catapult as a form of corporal punishment
An "Ok Jesus" app which uses natural language processing to parse your queries and answers you with appropriate verses from the Bible.
Mirrors could be a portal to an alternate universe, and the only thing stopping you from entering is alternate universe you.
Printed cash is edible and infused with vitamins in countries at risk of extreme poverty caused by hyper inflation.
Double Celsius: It's celsius but the numbers are doubled
Bring back gladiatorial combat as a televised sport
Dell XPS 15 7590 Laptop
If human bodies are 60% water, make a straw you can poke into a dead human body and purifies the water you suck off. It could be useful during war time where safe drinking water is essential.
A sitcom that uses the exact same script for every episode, but films it all over again every week.
Space travel now for anyone and everyone
A true crime podcast that covers fictional crimes like Walter White's drug empire or the Woodsboro murders, acting as if they were real, to see how they look from the public's perspective
Someone who is running for Office should legally change their name to that of their opponent.
Someone should make a subreddit that's an opposite of R/roastme
We should take all the midgets in a country and move them all to one town or city and make it a tourist attraction
A sitcom where the family has like 10 Kittens but the kittens have nothing to do with the shows plot, and are rarely acknowledged but are just around on the set of the show doing what ever they want the entire episode, every episode, and the audience will get to watch them grow up as the show does.
Find the differences between wolf and dog DNA and Crispr/GMO that into cute but dangerous animals
Milking a cow's just like jackin off 4 guys under a bar room table. Approach softly and give a glance of recognition. Reach down real gentle like to grab the middle of the shaft. Tug, squeeze and AVOID EYE CONTACT. There you go, you've almost got a full pale!
All drivers have a sign on their car which shows how fast they are allowed to drive after passing a driving skills test (just like trucks are limited to 100 km/hr).
Settle down in a new town and always make yourself look like an old person. After 30 years of looking the same, people in the town will start believing that you are immortal...
a machine that scans your hands after you use the bathroom to check if you got them dirty, since what if you were very careful not to get any poop on your hands etc... the machine knows, and sometimes you dont need to wash your hands before going back to the kitchen to prepare food for others
A cooking competition where professional chefs create 5-star meals found in the average American college student's home.
Build a 1:1 Scale Model of the Solar System
Photoshop pictures of Biden grabbing and kissing women with Trumps face, watch how peoples reactions change.
A random reddit user of the day that's posted above a certain number of words recently
Elon musk teaches how to think like him
Put Tetris Effect on the Nintendo Switch
A deal where you get your sentence reduced in exchange for you letting your victim kick your ass.
An undo button for your mouth.
Idea about the universe.
A satirical dark comedy about Mike Lindell starring Nick Offerman
Dating app for finding jobs
An option to let you turn off laugh tracks on tv shows. Don't tell me what's funny.
A Call of Duty game where modern soldiers are thrown back in time to the Revolutionary War.
A modified prison
A competitive cooking show where each round has to make a specific dish while accommodating very difficult allergies.
Put out a scientific report that shows coorelation between essential oils and autism.
Since Eddie Murphy parodied Mr. Rodgers, a black comedian should have parodied Bob Ross and say things like "look at those Mutha fuckin happy trees bitch!"
Instead of making on site 4 year degrees free, making online schooling free seems like a logical compromise.
A film about Santa's other 364 days of the year, where he is completely immoral, fucks whores, does all the drugs, robs banks etc. Only the ending scene reveals who he is.
Being a racist on purpose so your no one tries to advertise to you.
Attaching a tiny generator to dogs’ tails
Change the presidential vote and make the one with 2. Most votes VP, because still many people want that person to have power
I want to transfer my consciousness into a tesla and become a rideshare car. Then I could live (with repairs) for the next hundreds of years until I could pay for a new robot body or clone.
Put a federal law in place making bulk buying perishables impossible for home use.
Invent a pill you can take at night before bed so it prevents morning breath when you wake up.
A sign on your door - By entering you are requesting me to instantly tie you up and have sex with you while we pretend you dont want it cuz thats what turns you on
Carol Baskin killed Jeffrey Epstein
Remix multiple dance/house songs where the beat never drops. Every time it goes to drop, the next song comes in.
Use This Time to Test Autonomous Vehicles!
If I cut off the tips of my toes and fingers, I’d never have to worry about clipping my names. Also, I couldn’t be identified by my fingerprints.
People wanted to be quarantined to stop the virus from spreading, yet, now that they are quarantined, they don’t want to be
Drop a nuclear bomb in the middle of the Pacific Ocean for absolutely no reason whatsoever.
Has anybody without a doubt experienced paranormal activity or seen a UFO?
In the future, advanced bio-egineered polymeres should all be known as cheeses
Ender: A Tinder-style app that connects suicidal people and aspiring murderers
In addition to Sleep Mode, computers should have a hotkey for Cat Mode -- it disables all keyboard input while the cat walks on your laptop.
An election during a pandemic that is decided by a margin that's smaller than the number of people who died from the disease.
Get the 10 smartest people in the world to smoke tons of weed and discuss this subreddit’s top posts.
City's can force people to exercise by making cross walk count downs unreasonably short
pepper eyedrop
Some kind of AR glasses that tell you the nutritional value (weight, calories, etc.) of food
i had the idea to create r/random_idea sub
JUST FUCKING SCREAM UNTIL YOU PASS-IN
Replace cds and sd cards with modern floppy disks with like 1tb capacity.
A condom that you spray on your Johnson
A TV show about a serial killer who kills people that work at a cereal company.
The n word solution
What if the death penalty was given to any police officer who murdered someone in a completely unnecessary way?
A private organization that finds missing children.Intentionally infect the healthiest 10% with coronavirus. Isolate the intentionally infected through their recovery. Once recovered, they could return to work healthy and guaranteed to be non-infectious.
I can make a lot of money by creating my own religion which makes everyone feel welcome (gay/straight/rich/poor/etc).
A device that connects to the traffic light’s timer and can calculate how what mph your car must travel in order to hit the green light based on how far away your car is.
The Democratic nominee for President should just straight up steal "Make America Great Again" for their campaign slogan
UPS should buy USPS, and rebrand as UPS.
Change the spelling of Wednesday to Wendsday.
Itchy and Scratchy Show.
'Demolition Man' should be remade, this time with Simon Phoenix as the hero
more meritocratic work system
All company meetings should be group chat only with anonymous handles. No one is aloud to know who said what until the end of the meeting when everyone has already made the decisions.
This is a great time for a masquerade party.
r/coronavirus should be quarantined just for irony
Where are the stores that sell coin accesories?
If Covid-19 gets bad enough, we should all start wearing plague masks.
A restaurant that serves famous last meals from death row inmates.
Create a town that is deliberately technologically minimalist, utilizing technology only when it can help the community or reduce screen time, discourage public use of smartphones, and create an pseudo off grid environment.
We should have an open and public database for people who got the COVID vaccine.
ADblock but for politics
This ridiculous machine I dreamed up is literally too crazy to work.
Give trump a bonus based on the inverse of Corona deaths.
A show where they reenact famous battles but with monkeys and really advanced military laser tag hardware
VR- learning experience where children can go to Anartica, the rainforest etc. for real instead of having to read about it in a book.
every arsonist and looter should go to the same prison as the criminal cops. They deserve each other
When US elections are inevitably delayed; have the successor to Trump be the Surgeon General temporarily.
In places that have the death penalty, there should be a Big Red Button labeled "violent felony" somewhere that you can press to go straight to death row so prisoners that are committed to ending up there don't resort to killing guards or other prisoners.
Western countries should offer expedited citizenship applications to Hong Kong residents in view of the new national security laws.
Regulate social media companies so that they have to allow at least 10,000 characters per post.
Social media should have a breakup mode that allows you to irreversibly block someone so that you are never tempted to look at your ex's social media.
Art exhibit made of visitor’s artworks.
The notepad application for windows should incorporate a spell checker!
Replace pepper spray with Silly String. It's equally as painful.
The very first words every person should hear after being born are "Hey you, you are finally awake"
A YouTube channel were a drummer covers non-metal genre songs, but incorporates blast beats/fast double bass/ crazy drum fills into every song.
Parallel olympic games where all substances are allowed. Just to see how far can really a human body go
A way for serial killers to legally kill each other
A music streaming service that lets you sort artists by which drugs they were taking.
Firearms should have a built-in breathalyzer that prevents it from use if alcohol is detected
Vehicles should have automatic shutoff timers for the headlights after the key has been turned off.
An open president election. You can name whoever you think a good leader would be. With proper planning, this could end up bringing the best leader.
Stop buying Reddit gold as a protest against the Chinese government.
Internet 2.0 - where you own your data and it’s locked with a key that you can split into multiple fragments to sell to google, Facebook and other platforms. Our data is worth something and we should get paid for it.
Iron crotch training
Bots only website - A website that can only be interacted with by a bot
Website that matches individuals with similar business ideas and gives them a partner to work with
App to determine if ex is seeing anyone seriously
There should be a Miss USA pageant style contest for each states most anti-mask person.
Walk up to powerful people and say “I know you raped that girl”, give them your number then walk off
Instead of getting marriage certificate, and legal recognition. Everyone just have ceremony. Leave the legal contract out, unless marrying specifically FOR the legal contract.
Let's take back the word "pandemic" as a slang to convey positivity, stoke and goodwill as in "Man, that burger was PANDEMIC!"
A dyson full body dryer by your shower head.
Traffic lights with timers on them to indicate the amount of time left on the red light or green light before it changes.
Let's model every new office in America after the one in "the office" to increase employee happiness
What about: Chicken nugget Gushers. Theyre Chicken nuggets but with ketchup or bbq or whatever you want already inside, só when you bite down its as If you dipped your nugs Thered be a Mystery Box that wouldnt say what flavor the nugget has inside, maybe it's honey mustard, maybe it's ranch, maybe
We should crate a system for social judgement that when a social account says something incorrect or cause social outrage, the user is suspended from posting to any social platform for a period (like a social prison)
Instead of voting on Tuesday, find a partner who wants to vote for the opposite party and spend the day getting to know each other.
New Balance should give vouchers to expecting dads for a specific “dad” shoe, so people can congratulate expecting dads, similar to congratulating expecting women.
Add new mobs to Minecraft which can spawn in the day to stop the bed from just being a key to easy survival
Hmmm
Ice basketball
drink your piss to get high
The Meatzza - a pizza with a giant slice of pepperoni as the base and hotdogs acting as crusts, with cheese, tomato and pieces of cooked dough as the topping.
A huge art gallery that is made to look like a Cyberpunk city and for a fee, you can just roam around the place, take pictures/videos eat the food in themed restaurants, etc.
A TV show like “Avatar: The Last Airbender” but instead of the basic elements like fire, water, wind and earth. You can control specific elements from the periodic table I.e. you can bend iron, helium, neon and etc.
An add-on/ extension like Cloud-to-Butt except it replaces "Proud Boys" with "Nazis"
Recut all of Roy Scheider's movies with Rob Schneider in his place
Instead of "black" and "white", skin color to always be represented in hexadecimal.
Public funded, open source social network
We could fight global warming by building a giant air conditioner to cool down the planet.
Make every political unit named after a separate political unit have the same boundaries as the original
Stick your head in the microwave and get yourself a tan
Thailand Fresh Market Tour Crazy Place
Everyone behaves like sane human beings and show some respect for their fellow men and women
DARPA football league
Make it legal for rangers to shoot people who litter in state/national parks
Remove presidential impeachment power for the period of time after the election but before they leave office.
Equip shopping carts with brakes
A roughly 6” x 6” piece of fabric with an elastic ring attached to one edge. The elastic ring goes around your wrist. The fabric can either be tucked into the elastic “bracelet” or pulled out to be used as a barrier for your hand on doorknobs and other public surfaces
A nature documentary where no one gets eaten
A game show where hard drinking leads to riches...
Cars that turn the heat (or a/c) up the more you speed. Heat for hot places, a/c for cold places.
Make enough either good or just interesting and cool in a non-morbid sense stuff happen in the remainder of the 2020s that 2020's crap is only a footnote and the 2020s are remembered for other things
A subreddit where everyone communicates exclusively with hieroglyphics
UV Light Faceguards should be used, not masks
A classical monster martial arts tournament!
Why don't we just make all lawmakers and regulators wear body cameras, like we do with some police?
We should have some billionaires come to reddit and explain why rich people act like they are poor
Market cooked pasta as savory wheat gummies
Reddit Coal, the "gold/silver" equivalent for a post you don't like, so you can keep it present in results instead of disappearing from the downvotes.
Hear me outA phrase like "Bless you" to say when someone is coughing
My Life
Each political party is now responsible for picking the opposing party’s presidential nominee.
Replace water with iced tea
I bet Trump could make himself dictator for life simply by convincing Congress to mess with the calendar such that January 20, 2021 never comes and thus Biden can never be inaugurated.
Is it wrong to present a special kind of gift that one has made to the teacher as a token of respect (and which the teacher duly deserves?)
Suicide experience
When @ the bottom the only way to go is up. AND the stocks are free! Get in now while the getting is good.
Instead of giving awards, donate to a charity and tell the OP.
A real dating app that’s built around an mmorpg. You have to work together for a certain amount of time by finishing quests. You cannot see their real face right away but you can hear their voice to know they’re not a bot. In the end if all goes well — you’re rewarded their picture or video call.Start a company to develop and patent asshole ideas so that no one else cant put them into use
Two way mirror / rear windshield with text!
A police department could be comprised of two groups of officers: one based on customer service, and the other based on intervention and use of force.
The Cat in the Hat Knows a Lot About That shoould've been about the various creatures from Dr. Seuss' books instead of real animals.
Someone start a GoFundMe to buy the coronavirus vaccine and make it free.
A book titled how to give your cat the fighting edge in terf wars, about how to train your cat to fight
Use a bag of ice as a pillow so every side is the “cool” side
Think of the most obnoxious way companies might put out disruptive advertisements in the future. Patent the idea. Renew the patent forever so companies can never use it.
McDonald's is a real estate company under the face of world's largest fast food chain....
Cops get to use their choice of Nerf guns instead of rubber bullets.
Replace the House of Representatives with secure, online, open source platform that would give every American the right to directly propose, edit, vote on laws.
Coat hangers in bathrooms.
Water on Mars, melt ice, drink to survive, live
A k-word count bot in the age of "Karen is a slur" just to see how it's used in comparison to the n-word count bot
Those whose hair has grown out while in quarentine bring back the 80s hair styles for a week.
Buy an oil tanker, fill it up with free oil and cover your debt with the money you get for taking the barrels.
A live-action show called "Jumping the Shark," that starts out conventional but intentionally gets weirder and more insane with each passing episode or season, with escalating twists.
Give users the ability to upvote or downvote a community daily.
Mandatory dog cones but for humans
Write daily in a new diary titled 'Post quarantine life' and read it and keep it going.
Stream all police body cams live, make them immediate public record.
We should all agree to silently point a finger at people who aren’t wearing masks when they should be. If they get irate, just keep pointing your finger and following their movements.
Try to guess Bill Gates phone number. Then send him a text message, starting with “ Dear Mr Gates....”. Whoever receives the message, has to guess and send the message on. Let’s see how long it takes for someone to correctly guess his number.
besides having medical education, some doctors should be able to pick local shamanistic rituals and give consults with real medicines with mystic rituals
A service where if you want to learn something like how to code you've got to study a section per day and do a mini test otherwise everyday you fail 20 dollars gets withdrawn from your account and is donated to a politician you hate
Free money! Enjoy while it lasts
A breathalyzer for my computer keyboard.
Men’s urinal with a hand-washing station built at the top where the water is recycled and used in the flushing process below
I think Republican and Democratic States should split to form 2 countries so both sides can persue their policies...
A subreddit where people look through your post history, and roast you based off of it.
Rename the job of "fact checking" to "lie preventing"
Natural Family Planing
Can electronics companies please start making TV's with 2 or 4 Bluetooth connections available for multiple wireless headphones?
An open world game in which when you die, you respawn as the character/thing that killed you.
Have war movies cast only 18-22 year old people.
It's 2020, it's about time vaginal depth envy became a thing.
Have lane departure warning on every car, and use it to prevent changing lanes if the blinker isn't on.
Sharfly The Social Site That Gives Back
legalize stealing but have a 120% tax on it so its not profitable
A robot named Karen that just screams whenever it hears anything
Painted skid marks before dangerous sections of highway so people drive extra safe not wanting to be like the imaginary idiot who made them.
A Bad Lipreading Video where they replace Biden and Trump's actual words with coherent sentences.
Presidential candidates and voters each take a survey. Your vote is given to the candidate you most align with.
Everyone with net worth over 10M USD or above income over x amount (500k for example) a year must publish all their expenditures to the public.
How to make someone hate a song? Set it as their alarm tone!
Surgically turn your penis upsidedown
A brush that goes deep into your throat to get a bad taste out of it
Make all roads conveyor belts
A Grand Theft Auto V DLC where Lester becomes the 4th playable character. He is in the wheelchair the whole time and his special ability is ragdolling all over the place.
Putting people in Epoxy after they die
Girlpocrisy - hypocritical behaviour from women such as demanding rights while rejecting responsibilities.
Teaching math using non-ambiguous notation so nobody has to worry about stupid PEMDAS or BODMAS or any other order of operations
Use your pee to send secret messages.
An app that can artificially freeze/cause lag during zoom and FaceTime and freeze for a quick escape when necessary.
Make American Presidential debates pay-per-view only.
Create a meme connecting "the game" and "loss" to double the damage of loss memes
Swords With Friend
A video game where you have to try to escape your video game prison you you start off with a full skill tree but lose it in an attempt to escape
We should gather a large group of nerdy folk and nerd business owners and together buy one of the citys/towns that make make up the greater Los Angeles area and turn it into an American Akihabara!
One day a week where unless you search by channel name youtube will try and match your search results with YouTubers that are trying to grow maybe 10000 subs and under
A horror game that uses landmarks and significant spots in google maps to make the game happen in your town.
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-7845595/Bizarre-Caplan-Thruster-spacecraft-tow-SUN-hundreds-light-years.html
Shazam but for shows and movies
Infect people with covid-19 now instead of later - herd immunity boost
Swap out seatbelt law enforcement commercials with littering commercials. I don't care if you're an idiot, I care if you're if your an idiot who involves me with your bullshit.
Put background music in restrooms so it's not so awkwardly quiet while you shit
How about creating a subreddit for both dems and republican redditors to discuss news? Hear me out.
guy has crazy idea
Some ideas
If a rented home is foreclosed, the house should be offered to the tenants first before going on the market.
Instead of giving stupid awards like gold and silver just give money to the op.
Everyone's thoughts
Dew it.
Teach left handed people to sign their name backwards.
A subreddit just for pictures of old people who are happy, carefree, and living their best lives, for those of us who have only seen elderly people rot in front of their television sets and get more and more set in their ways.
Unvaccinated people don't get medical treatment for issues that would have been prevented by vaccines.
Incels should go form a gym
Create other genres of stand-up such as stand-up drama, stand-up science fiction, and stand-up horror.
Start a cold sun conspiracy society.
I'm Sorry Jon movie Starring Billie Eilish
How to share the gospel with atheistsLast week I sat next to James on a flight from St. Louis to Denver. As we talked the subject turned to religion. I confessed that I was a preacher and he confessed he was an atheist. What unfolded on the rest of the flight was a deep, thought-provocative gospel c
ATMs should be able to take coins
$100.000 reward for anyone who can show me a working prototype of a 5G enabled microchip which remains functionally while in the bloodstream.
If I get drunk and hang myself, Will it be executed perfectly without actually feeling any discomfort or pain?
FB chain posts instantly deleted themselves
A Tim Burton biopic film starting Nicolas Cage
Uber driver review BUT the driver is reviewing the customer. The review will be confidential between drivers to aid other Uber drivers to what to expect from this customer.
Home Caronalone. What happens when kids are separated from their parents by the coronavirus and some Corona-sick burglars try and steal their toilet paper? Can they save their dwindling supply? Will they get the virus? Should they have ordered Taco Bell?!
robot cock fighting
Condoms that make light saber noises when you swing it around
Strip poker, where every time you lose you draw a Mobius strip.
What if you could earn money by going to stores to test your knowledge and skills rather than those of video games. (Sort of like video game stores but something productive.) Ps.no hate towards video games.
Host an award ceremony with clap activated lights.
Bones for liquid food items
If an advanced AI were to have full control over the allocation of resources, communism might be the perfect system of equality.
The families of COVID victims in the U.S. should launch a class-action lawsuit against the Trump Estate for wrongful deaths using the Woodward Tapes as evidence
When the CDC starts recommending that people make face masks everywhere, Kanye should come out with a line called SNEEZYs
Being able to set my ringtone to play a random song from a Spotify (or equivalent) playlist.
Mascara... but for leg hair
I would like to have the option to organize the subs I follow into custom categories like Funny, cars, gaming, home decor, gore, porn, etc.
Maybe this is dumb, but I had an idea for a small airline that specializes in immersive, themed flights (I elaborated in the description).
Create a sister site to Onlyfans just for celebrities, where all profits get donated to charity
I have a plan to make animals going extinct so I can make up shit about them for my future grand kids.
Change the word "taxes" to "membership fees".
Women in India should dress as cows so they won't be sexually assaulted.
A complete online search engine dedicated to peoples military service records
Make more words gender neutral. Call your guy friends babes and hoes. Show those cunts some love.
After Half Life: Alyx’s huge success, the next thing on Valve’s agenda should be creating Portal 3 for VR.
A shipping company that always delivers packages when they say they will
When the OP links the source of their repost in the comments, upvote that to reward them.
A version of twitter where every word in a tweet is followed by a 👏. So 👏 Everything👏 Looks 👏 Like 👏 This 👏
Very anti-incarceration Redditor here. I want the cops responsible for Elijah McClain's death to be on a lifetime of probation, to learn the violin, and to play the violin for cats and other animals at shelters for the rest of their lives. They should honor Elijah until they die.
With the collaboration between vocational rehabilitation agencies and employers, Kinetic Potential brings the support of WIOA to our disabled citizens by providing pre-employment transition services where individuals can gain work-based learning experiences, job exploration and training.Instead of two more presidential debates, Biden should get a Twitter account and just have Trump and him engage in a long Twitter meltdown/debate/battle until election day.
A puzzle TV show were Romance speaking people need to work out together to solve it.
A reverse scrolling option for social media so you can swipe top to bottom instead of bottom to top
Speed-sensitive emergency brakes on elevators to stop an elevator that is free-falling.
Instead of sending non-violent offenders (and maybe some violent offenders on case-by-case basis) to jail/prison, let them stay as part of society and work and contribute as normal, but have them contribute most of their earnings as restitution to the victims. Use House Arrest if necessary
Create a digital COVID-19 coronavirus outbreak in every MMORPG to teach gamers about the symptoms and rates of transmission.
Are you bored in real life? Try Sidequest...
Count all your chickens before they hatch
the speed limit only applies to your straight line speed, like between 2 sides of a mountain that you drive around the longer path
Republicans supporting Trump should boycott the election if those damn Democrats refuse to delay the election.
New reactions for Facebook: No, That's Stupid
I wish there was a monthly subscription where it was all you can eat like sushi but for Starbucks.
Do you think civilized political debates never accomplishes anything? Subscribe to adultenemyfinder.com, so you can match with someone your size with radically opposing political views, so you can meet up to beat the crap out of each other about topics ranging from domestic taxation to abortion laws
What if JFK was killed by time travelling agents because he was the initiated WWIII
A CharCharity That Only Identifies People In Need
If you have to confirm your login with a sms code you get on your mobile device, the message should delete itself after typing in the code.
American Ninja Warrior, but instead of being nothing but hard as shit, have fun obstacles that allow the contestants to get creative and do parkour tricks/gymnastics and incorporate judges that score these tricks
Stealth games should have an added difficulty where you have squeaky shoesNow you can get free $200 Amazon gift card!
Apology Day
The allegations by Daniel Carcillo have to be handled very carefully so as to not uncover the widespread Bisexuality/NoHomo culture in hockey
We should be able to block an artist on a streaming platform just like we’re able to block a user on social media.
You get 3 days off work when you menstruate
pardon me god but I seem to be stuck inside your creation and cant find the exit
A 24/7 webcam especially at food manufacturing companies so there can be transparency about how the food that comes to our plate is prepared.
Get up to deliver a speech at a podium, do it the way Commandant Lassard gave his speech in Police Academy.
Any time less than 90% of people are smiling, all the government's are disbanded and find some other way to make people happy
Position dead people in caskets more comfortably so they don't look so stiff.
Jesus 2.
Are you hungry? Deep fry your leather shoes
The purge, but it only happens in one city, and everyday of the year.
They should do Hot Ones but with increasingly stronger Weed.
If you wear a mask into a store you're given a paintball gun. You're free to shoot anyone not wearing mask. Gain reward points for every anti-masker you hit!
Crimeosaurs - A cartoon about crime fighting dinosaurs? (need help fleshing this one out)
What if China whipped up the corona virus to stop us talking about the Muslim internment camps they built?
Phone​ blockchain app for presidential election
After the craziness from Coronavirus has calmed down all essential workers walk off the job until wages are increased to reflect the importance of their jobs.
Apparently some ancient languages had two genders: animate and inanimate. We should go back to that and stop arguing about pronouns.
PornHub content
a tiny toilet submarine with a digging drill to tunnel down your toilet, thru 1-way-valves, and up thru someone else's toilet
Setting up a country in Antarctica
Couch Potato
Introducing: The Democracy Filter. In order to vote or serve in government, you have to pass a Logic &gt; Emotion test to demonstrate you can think beyond your emotions
New tik tok funny &amp; romantic videos of jannat Zubair,Mr. faisu,Riyaz Aly...
WW1 but with Nerf guns and foam trenches.
Make a new type of lettuce and call it "go". You get free advertising everyone someone says lett's GOOOO!!
Every possible decision or law made should be scientifically backed and evidence based
A car key fob that electrocutes you if it detects that you left your baby in the car
Youtube makes it so you cannot comment on a video without watching it 100% of the way through
Go ALL OUT on the wacky stylization of Call of Duty
What 2020 needs is record breaking heat this summer
Cellphone valet service
Whenever a video game costs no money, but connects in any way online and saves the user's data (including ads), instead of "Free" display it's price as "Your data". Optionally add a big list of all the data after the button is clicked.
Loco
Attack celebrities that made inappropriate comments decades ago rather then praise how they changed to reassure racists and assholes there's no point in changing as they'll always be viewed the same.
Create a pizza that gives you certain superpowers based on the toppings you put on it.
The cure for corona virus could be swallowing my seamen
Steaming services that have anime should have an option to opt out of filler arcs/episodes
What if we got rid of parties like democrat and republican? Source: I put almost no thought into this
a basketball match where the teams are comprised of MMA fighters. each one from a different category. fighting is not necessarily allowed
Since we’re at a time where antivax/essential oil healing is a thing, and also approaching aerosol vaccines, why don’t companies sneak vaccines into the oils, so Karens all over the world inadvertently vaccinate themselves and their kids
Use Deep Fake Technology to impose the faces of historical characters onto the actors that portray them in movies.
Driver's Ed instructors should be held personally liable for any at-fault accidents their students have within their first year of driving.
A gasoline pump with a hose that DOESN'T play "goalie" when you are finished pumping and trying to hang the nozzle back up!
Top 10 Recent Technologies To Learn In 2020 || Trending Technologies In 2020 || Top IT Technologies
What if instead of the death penalty at the end of a prison sentence the murderer has to pay a large fine to the victims family or society that would take a lifetime to pay?
What if instead of cutting sushi into rolls, it's left as a whole, making it a sushi burrito.
There should be mini tvs in cinema bathrooms so when you go to the toilet you can still watch the film
Amateur celebrity quarantine "Cribs" videos.
a machine that traps animals, cleans, butchers, cooks, and serves them inside the trap to attract more animals to that delicious meal
Light bulb with small solar panels at its base so it can produce some electricity when it's used.
An indicator in the front of cars to let cars oncoming know if their using bright lights or not
Making excuses for hanging out – the app
Make a toilet bowl as mirror so people can check it their butthole is clean after pooping and swiping
Make a kid-friendly version of the Playstation game "Fatal Frame"
Have Samuel L. Jackson to host all future political debates and interviews, sponsored by PolitiFacts.
Internet 2.0 - where you own your data and is locked with a key your can split to sell to google, Facebook and other platforms. Our data is worth something and we should get paid for it.
Each candidate's mic only works if they hold down a button
You can check-in babies on flights so they don't disturb the passengers.
One way to permanently and indefinitely end police brutality
Instead of parachutes use inflatable sumo suits to slow terminal velocity and act as an airbag on impact.
Make a series of commercials all played at the same time that are all almost completely similar, but with just a few minor details changed.
"Name that Tune" gameshow remake, but all the songs are played by a 7th grade orchestra.
post all regional politician's home addresses at bus stops, super markets, etc. and allow homeless people to crash at their places to sleep on the politicians couches or in their guest rooms indefinitely. The problem would get solved in no time.
So here's the thing...
In FPS video games, create a weakpoint on enemies that is smaller than a headshot but deals much more damage, in order to further increase the skill ceiling of the game.
Hunting as a sport, but the animals are robots
Wha is her name, or atleast full video???
A cinnamon toast crunch and Chex mix collaboration would be good.
Websites cataloguing and showing off ANY wrongful misconduct
A restaurant called Pastafari: Italian food with a Jamaican fusion
American businesses should support democracy by opting to give their employees a paid day off to work — even if it’s just for 2020.
So hear me out.
Awards that you receive you are able to award to another person.A platformer game where the game tries to keep you alive and objective is to die.
We should start doing that handshake from Demolition Man
Henry Cavill as Thrawn in a Netflix Series
The next person to interview Trump should bring a conch shell
The government should make buses and trains that have seatbealts, but make them only one inch long, making them impossible to wear. Then, make it punishable by fine to not wear a seatbelt in public transportation, and earn massive amounts of money.
Before each senate/house election, give people the option to vote out the incumbent. If this happens, the ousted party can put up a new candidate come election time so two new fresh faces are running for office
Health insurance covers hookers
Trowsers for trousers
everybody name jeff
We should start a national Pen Pal program where quarantined families are matched with quarantined senior citizens. It would combat loneliness and give isolated seniors a lifeline to society.
There should be a cultural supreme court
Collate all archeological data and put into Google earth so you can not only look at any where in the world but how it looked at anytime in the past..
Why do we just mechanize the planet and our selves?
I think Netflix should capitalize on this all too common misspelling and create a show called "Marshall Law" about a small-town quarantine enforced by a non-nonsense, hard-ass sheriff played by Sam Elliot.
When in childhood you wanted to become a Ninja, but became an engineer
Everyone who drinks and drives is forced to compete in a new sanctioned drunk nascar race. If they refuse to race, they get branded on their forehead and can never buy or be served alcohol again for the rest of their lives. The winner doesn’t go to prison after the race is over.
future laptops should include detachable keyboards to use as bluetooth keyboards for other neighboring devices.r/sarcasm should be r/sArcAsM
A Rudy Giuliani's My Pillow Photoshop Battle!
Bring back the MADtv with their best cast members for at least a season like Will Sasso, Michael McDonald, Alex Borstein, Bobby Lee, Aries Spears, Key and Peele, Stephnie Weir, etc
Make politicians salary in SPY shares
The US creates a man made island, and makes it a region controlled by Twitter to get their ideal world.
When giving out vaccines, require masks but don't enforce them. Give the vaccine to anyone who wears a proper mask and isn't clearly mocking it.
emoji symbolism
An open world video game where the setting of is also an open world video game which the character is stuck in. That way, glitches can be excused.
Mechanical dentures that can take a bite out of a tree or rock or brick
Cover your roof with solar-powered bitcoin mining machines. Free money.
If Trump is impeached, the benefits he would’ve gotten every year should be given to a random person in an annual lottery
Require two people to fill the role of president. Upon inauguration, they are handcuffed together and must remain together until they leave office.
Riot officers should use fart spray instead of tear gas to disperse crowds.
Weird al, tenacious d, flight of the concords
If someone can program a bot that can do their computer science homework for them that should qualify them to get their degree.
Fun game with pay
Your computer shouldn’t be allowed to automatically restart or update UNLESS it’s been backed up, the auto BS is w*nk
When buying street drugs, don't forget to ask for a receipt.
Instead of man &amp; woman, we call people by their genitalia. Like penis human &amp; vagina human
Elect 2 people to have a duel to the death and the winner becomes president
Probably stupid but is there anyway that the government or big banking could assign a unique # to every dollar you have with them? Read on please....
A debate platform
a dating website where users have to upload videos of themselves talking about themselves, so we have a vague idea of who or what we're dealing with
I got three words. Metal Detector Flipflops
The MSM should air the name and faces of the people that die everyday from COVID-19.
The Beirut explosion was planned by Gluten Free activists.
Anytime anyone wants to buy someone reddit gold, they should consider donating the money that it would cost to Australia, and just let the person know you did that on their behalf.
Microsoft Paint except you have to wait for the paint to dry
All Car Manufacturers Should Have A "Find My Key" Feature Installed in Their FOBS
What if there was something like AA and NA but for survivors of trauma and people with mental disorders.
Raise a monkey as a human, sending it to school, piano lessons etc
I need help finding a way to mass-produce Tit-Ease, my new product for sore breats
Since most of the people who don't want to wear a mask are the same ones who aren't opposed to federal agents grabbing people of the streets of Portland, have those federal agents start pulling anti-maskers into vans and forcing them to wear mask.
Rockstar Games should start a satire podcast network with all of the fake shows that play on GTA radio.
If kids are too scared of bullies to tell adults because they think they might get beat up after class, have an adult walk with them around campus until they feel safe.
A gay porn parody of toy story
We should get the whole U.S. Army twacked out on henbane (viking berserker drug).
Replace the rarely used Right Ctrl key with something more useful like switching apps ( Alt + Tab currently )
whever i say: "ant - -- loads FUCKING HE:L NATS EVERYWHErE
Anyone have any megas free vids from admire me of the HOTTEST billie crittenden I would post a pic but won’t allow ANY HELP BOYS WOULD BE APPRECIATED (ps I know she’s done porn )just don’t know stage name!!!!!!
COVID-19 / Flu prevention and treatment concept
Get a job on a farm. Turn up on your first day of work wearing a tuxedo.
The Make a Curse Foundation - It's like Make a Wish, but for kids who would rather exact vengeance than live out a dream.
To eleminate major hereditary diseases, governments would test every family and advise couples that have strong and major hereditary diseases to not have kids and instead adopt.
Remove urinals from plumbing systems and reroute the pipes to just drain outside
Somehow write your passwords inside your nose in case you forget you can read them with mirrors and a microscope or point phone at it etc
Political Action Committee promotes national ad campaign where 'bros and babes' talk about how cool it would be if a "big and powerful" politician was able to create a UBI, Universal Healthcare, and Free College
A radio station that plays newly released song that have not been heard by anyone, including the DJs. After the song they take phone calls from listeners who give their critique.
Point and laugh at anti-maskers when they’re in stores.
We should start counting our age from when we are conceived rather than born for more accuracy
A Function Where If You Have Bad Reception Only Picture And Text Posts Load Rather Than GIFs And Videos Taking Three Minutes To Load.
Every person running for public office should be forced to take a civics test and their scores should be made publicly available.
Here's how I avoid the stress of Daylight Savings Time.
App version of Russian Roulette where the loser gets a text sent to one of their ex's on Facebook
Release animal crossing digital download early since people are getting the physical early
JoJo Part 9 but JoJo is the main villain instead
Any politician enacting any State of Emergency should have a 25 pound kettlebell welded to a collar around his or her neck for the duration of said emergency.
prison cage fights.
All politicians should have to take a political leanings test before running for office
Billy Joel should do an updated version of 'We Didn't Start the Fire' with everything that happened in 2020
Youtube Adverts with the same volume as the video
Start calling the Corona Virus “Trump’s Virus”. Because no country has bigger numbers than him. The hugest.
We come together as Americans and fight for each other instead of ourselves.
If we all started saying "I have to take a shitler" instead of "I have to take a sh*t," we would absolutely ruin Hitler's image and business. It would be the ultimate blow to his ego and make all of his accomplishments count for nothing.
Ban inheritance and any form of leaving assets to descendants
MAGA Masks!
Instead of homeless people begging for change...
Instead of bring able to only vote for a presidential candidate, you could instead vote against another candidate
Before enacting a law/piece of legislation, lawmakers should have to pass a basic knowledge test on the subject they’re trying to legislate.
Yelp Rating/Review System for Online Dating
There should be a day devoted entirely to optimistic posts only, across all subs. Our world needs it right now.
Flood boomer media with amogus shitposts just for lolz
Twins working the same job as the same person, reducing the labor per person.
Putting doors on the other way so they're harder to kick in.
Hard Mode for Pokémon games where all your pokémon can die for good
Swallow a pill that would expand, like those dinosaurs you put into water, that would keep feeling full, then cleans out your intestinal tract.
A programmable supersolid Bose-Einstein condensate suspended by an array of optical tweezers into a geometry capable of transformations that allows mathematicians to run topological and algebro-geometric programs with the supersolid Bose-Einstein condensate geometry itself acting as the object
Ads that cant be skipped should always be movie trailers.
A vampire movie whose theme song is a horror remix of "Here Comes the Sun"
Liberals should buy Hunting license and apply for the tags. Just to take the tags from anti environmental conservatives that enjoy hunting.
Have Dr. Fauci brief us everyday on the news about the Pandemic, so we know what the fuck is going on.
Websites you can search for things on should have a 'never show me this item again' feature.
The Marijuana challenge: Ask someone if they'll do a Marijuana with you &amp; if they do you both win
A round 2 political "debate" where the candidates have to solve an escape the room or scavenger hunt together prior to the actual debate.
Fetishize tickling so adults feel uncomfortable tickling children
A Urban Dictionary version of Wikipedia where people can post whatever they want about anything without verification.
Reddit comments should have a "backwards day" option, where if you select it upvotes and downvotes swap.
Make the rest of the nfl season flag football to lesson some of the current outbreak of covid in the nfl
Hot cubes
Let the American people vote wether go to war with Iran, or hand over Trump and everyone involved with the assassination to Iran
Create the Anti-Turing test. Make a Google Home-like pod, give it to a friend, and type or read their answers back to them. See if they ever figure out it's a human on the other end.
We need the people running Herman Cain's Twitter to get on a Tupac Album.
'Sims' like RPG Games with a focus in different careers
The government should sell titles
Release a version of Iron Man 2008 with Don Cheadle Deep Faked over Terrence Howard for continuity reasons.
A movie theater with headphone jacks in the seats.
Increase crime deterrence by changing "Life in Prison Without Parole" to "Doom".
For New Years (in the US), they should replace the ball dropping in Time Square with a large replica corona virus🦠 instead
Creating a nation fully controlled by the people
Adopt 2 people who are already married so it becomes incest
A post mortem option, that allows your bodily remains to be processed, sterilized, and used as a Halloween decoration.
AMERICA NEEDS A BLM ON/OFF BUTTON
OnlyFans but it's a collectible card game
Have the death penalty as an option nationwide (USA), but each time someone is sentenced to it, it has to be approved by statewide popular vote, which makes it too costly to abuse and thus will only be used in cases of massive public outcry such as terrorists and serial killers.
We cant fix capitalism or the broken states our countries are in currently. So, what if we got a bunch of super rich people to buy a large piece of land and create their own country. We could start small, and expand slowly, inviting new members to join that could help it grow.
Police Attack Bees/Hornets. - Instead of Dogs. Every cop carries a Can-O-Bees with them and can throw it at perps to unleash a barrage of bees towards them. Also useful for war, I don't believe hornet-warfare is illegal yet
LeetHub - Automatically sync your code b/w Leetcode &amp; GitHub
After a popular discussion goes quiet, go to the last commenter and reply "the end"
A pay per channel cable package
Refer to the mod team exclusively as the Speznaz.
Google should donate some food for every captcha we solve.
Save time by listening to music at 2x speed for a while then switching to a podcast or whatnot
People should grab things with their feet when they drop them.
A movie about someone killing zombies and surviving the whole movie and at the end its revealed the protagonist was just hallucinating the whole time and killing real people.
A movie studio that buys the IP's for book adaptations that fail in theaters and that audiences hate and "flips" the script to be closer to the source material.
Future cars using your drivers license as the key. If it is expired and/or not registered to drive the car, you cannot drive it.
Every subreddit should have an automoderater respond to every video mentioning u/ savevideo
Wikipedia should have a picture on every page of the thing that page is about, even if it's the unbiased scientific page about child porn
V-shaped pillow made from your arm's cast.
There are too many cold murder cases, so the court systems should appoint a fake ‘good suspect’ and falsely incriminate them (without anyone knowing obviously) to give the victim’s family closure
Create &amp; all join a NEW type credit card where when we use it the it automatically Makes every single item sold at any store 1 Penny more expensive.... and every 10 Million individual items sold now 1 Random American will recieve 100,000 loaded to Credit card.....reset &amp; perpetually repeat.
Post your data on a website and then use the wayback machine as free cloud storage
Affordable health insurance for everyone.
We all keep replying to the top rated thread and its top rated child until 2020
Taxes where we get to choose what we ‘donate’ to
An app , by the name of “On Call”, that you can sign up for a particular skill through and get notified when your services are needed.
YouTube should know when I'm drunk
Cameras and facial recognition everywhere would help us follow the law and also remove our biased law enforcement
Create an auto-repost function so that when a popular post hits a certain number of comments, it's automatically reposted to allow folks who are late to the game to give comments that might be seen.
Reddit apps should track how much you’ve scrolled, tell you when break your record, and keep a global leader board.
Humanity creates two robots that have AI at the same computing power as a human mind. Allow one them to know all human history and the other no history. Then let both roam the Earth and see what they achieve together or individually over time.
ANTHROPOLOGY CLASS IN SCHOOLS
believe you have democracy just theres a vote, but who is likely to win is already written on the voting paper before you get it
Cyber-porn should be a crime. Like dude, kids are victims when they browse by themselves.
Sports Center show ends after it’s over. Instead of repeating all night.
Put a computer chip in the soap dispenser which, when activated, will turn off the water tap for 20 seconds and then turn the water back on later. This would encourage people to rub their hands with soap for the full 20 seconds and also conserves water.Soundproof underwear
What if we create an alternative reddit were you can set youre own karma
Have all the introverts sign a contract saying that once the pandemic is over, we're all going to agree to just pretend like it's not.
Xbox and Sony would make even awesome-er gaming systems if they just teamed up
The punishment for illegally parking in a handicapped spot should be to become handicapped.
Ban combustion so that the atmosphere goes back to normal!
citizens show the government who is boss, them vs the government, by making the president wear a chicken suit
A show about the CIA breaking R. Kelly out of jail to be an off the books assassin. It would be called "Wetwork".
Trump should make his own social media website
To show what a dumpster fire this year has been, we should put a bunch of dumpsters outside the white house and set them on fire.
Traffic laws are lifted for one day out of the year
Have people run an obstacle course the day after the second dose of COVID vaccine, when they feel like absolute shit. Film it and put it on YouTube.
Ice cream brands that offer a cookie dough flavor should have small samplers to purchase for consumers to check if it is garbage
The Worst Burger In The World!
Blow your nose while peeing. It forces your pee out
New business model for soft serve Ice Cream shop
In times of social distancing everybody should do any necessary interaction back to back and call it the social butt stance
What if there are packets that have BOTH Parmesan and red pepper flakes in them. Instead of being separate.
A ski area where all the runs have dirty names.
Impose Martial Law, that will stop the looting.
Since they recreated Ozzys vocals, they should be able to do the same for Roy Dotrice.
Bit of a wierd subject, but instead of being buried, cremated etc. How about a small rocket capable of sending the deceased in to space. That's what I want for my self anyway...
Drink 2 gallons of water before bed &amp; setup an obstacle course to the potty
A documentary on all of human history, framed as a Harry Potter spinoff about Muggles
A season of Big Brother, but it's all homeless people
Edible soap so that we can piss out oils
The DC streaming service should make a comedy series along the lines of The Office or Brooklyn 99 using the superhero team Hero Hotline.
There should be a mandatory warning label on TV news station programs if it's only opinion oriented or if the station argues that it's not necessarily stating actual facts as Tucker Carlsons lawyers argued.
Giant solar powered air conditioners in strategic locations could be the answer to global warming
Cigarettes with filters at both ends so you can break one in half and share it with your friends
Satan isn’t evil!!!
Sharp Pointed Octogon Tipped Shovels
R/conservative and r/politics each choose a delegation to pursue a conversation with each other and look for common ground.
Food coloring that changes the color of your pee.
What about a chair that automatically spins
A feature on spotify and yotube that allows you to browse without similar songs or videos appearing on your daily mix or recommended tab.
Automobile manufacturers should replace numeric miles odometer to number of dinosaurs consumed.
They should surround pro sport playing fields with green screens and project video loops of the same stadiums when they were full
only rent the part of an apartment 1 inch above the floor and higher. You're not allowed to put any of your stuff in that 1 inch, so good luck levitating
Police guns
Pitting the cops against each other
Reddit should have a meme maker in the app (from r/memes)
A game like Jumanji where instead of fictional characters you become one of the other players.
There should be a tinder-like app for applying to jobs.
When you scroll down on an Amazon product page it says "Top Picks for You"
Give a one hour “time out” for those who refuse to wear a mask in public
Next time you kiss, don’t close your eyes...
Make a bag of chips where like 75% of them are slightly burnt
Make DNA sequencing cheaper by making dog owners pay for it when they let their dogs shit on the streets.
In countries like Sweden, you get a little bit of money for recycling cans and bottles, this should not only be a worldwide thing but also applied to more toxic waste like batteries and electronic devices.
Make pre-nup rules the legal default to reduce spousal murders.
A game where you go on regular YouTube &amp; try to find the weirdest video in 5 clicks.
People should be allowed to throw their trash in anyone’s trash bin which would reduce the amount of people throwing their trash everywhere.
Shut down all social media’s for the next week
Someone should develop a game which gets a new update like every month which makes it a new game.
Reddit feature: Block subs so you don't have to see them ever again
Catfish Jeff Bezos
Alternative to r/nocontext sub, where a sentence seems reasonable/normal outside of context, but turns out to be batshit crazy/creepy WITH context
Equality
after 10 years in prison, they have either been executed or are set free. Lets not have a longterm zoo.
Legalize shooting anyone who is pointing a gun at someone else even if they are a cop
Ever wonder what will happen if you fry brownie batter like a pancake?
Chipping
Men who last 5 minutes in bed, use a time machine to slow down your strokes while it lasts hours for her
Rename the sub to r/Todd
Make a teleconferencing app that subtly alters the position of your irises/pupils on the other persons view of you, so that it always appears that you're making direct eye contact instead of that disconcerting feeling of slightly looking away all the time.
Buy the copyright of a porno and license it free to anyone but they can only watch it while juggling
When doing taxes, choose where you want your taxes to go.
What if they kept the sperm of super smart people like Stephen Hawking in like a sperm bank, and have like volunteers take a test or something so they can raise theoretically super smart kids
Wipersless windshields for cars. Instead you use a high powered stream of air that keeps dirt, rain and snow off your windshield.
Sentence the people behind robo-calls to solitary confinement, while broadcasting 24/7 a ringing phone, followed by the same recorded message of whatever dumb shit they constantly bombard us with.
Putting the aprox price per scoop on bulk store stuff.
Video game character muscle memory (Lane "aim assist" in GTA)
When a comment is gilded/rewarded in any sense - it can no longer be edited
A driving test must include a cycling test so that drivers understand the vulnerability of a cyclist and understand the road better
With Disney World shut down, they should have a drawing for 1 family to join the park per day.
Cailou the musical
Have all voters take a test on their understanding about politics before allowing them to vote.
What are you here for pop up
A public database of Trump supporters?
On YouTube if someone rarely downvotes, and then they do, they can attach a comment what they disliked about the video for the creator to view
It should be illegal to go to work or school while being infected with highly contagious illnesses
We should redo the 2020 United States census at the end of the year
Start a YouTube channel called "GameBang" and put out popular kids content so when your young fans talk about it their parents will freak out
Legislative representation is like jury duty; instead of only power hungry or egotistical individuals representing the people, the people represent themselves, through random summons
an alarm clock that sets your bed on fire
Experimental breakfast potato chip/crisp flavours: toast, scrambled eggs, oatmeal, yogurt, chocolate milk, pancakes, fruit salad
Instead of depending on schools for providing meals to working parents under the poverty line (main reason for schools fighting to remain open during pandemic) raise the minimum wage so people can at least feed their family!
The Hercules Pill
Gilbert Gottfried as the new host of Jeopardy
Vote a guy named Waldo into the presidency and then hide him so the press has to find Waldo.
A jump and run but instead of obstacles you dogde ads.
Start making jello cups with cough syrup.
Start referring to "Throwing a Peace Sign" as "Dropping a Deuce"
A show like the curse of oak island, except they actually find treasure.
Walk around with a mustard stain on your shirt and when people point it out say "I'm not going to fall for that one."
KeyForce - A new Class of Keyboards
Apple Simple approach to a more minimalist design of the Apple Devices.
In this age of automation, we should encourage hippie communes because they pool together resources, get by with collectively less, and remove people from the general workforce. Communes would be given grants to grow enough marijuana and make enough beer to sustain the commune.
Someone could wreak havoc and inflate the upvote market by creating countless bots that upvote everything they come across
A seemingly normal MMO game that in reality is a fourth wall breaking horror game.
Build a real tower of Babel.
An Indian version of Saw where victims must overcome their survival instincts and apply deodorant, bathe, and use a toilet in order to live.
A solid that is a safer alternative to dry ice that can be used to replace regular ice, keeping things cooler for longer. Safe in the sense that it can come in contact w food and drink and not contaminate said food/drinkHave brands take pictures of a product that’s not under bright studio lighting
They need to take all the most iconic TV characters and celebrities and put them into one high budget TV show
4 way traffic intersection thats a 500 x 500 foot square and nobody has to stop or slow down cuz you can see everyone coming from really far away
The 2010’s was a decade of picking up unhealthy and unwanted habits. Let the 20’s be a decade of breaking those habits forming healthy ones to take their place.
Wild Mike's Pizza and Mike's Hard Lemonade team up to create Wild Mike's Hard Pizza
Shit in the shower when you have diarrhea
What if there was a virus that infects viruses
What if we Redditors made a feature film?
In order to comment/share a post (whether FB, Twitter, Reddit etc) you have to prove you read it by answering a multiple choice questions about the text.
Make a car trunk detach into a shopping cart with retractable wheels (so you could cart items from store shelf through bag-less checkout then reattach to car then detach again at home &amp; cart every at once to kitchen, etc.)
Prank
Has anyone tried communicating with the coronavirus? Find out what it wants from us.
Instead of having all sporting events at different places, all countries should join in and create one ultimate sport Island where all sporting events are held.
Divide National debt between legislators as personal debt. Watch how fast it falls.
No thx required
Turn off NSFW option on Reddit
What if Yoda was his last name, and his first name is Andrew
Create a device that causes the hair on your chest to grow rapidly.
Rent-a-dog for an hour, full day or week
Drones that look like UFOs
So cool
Youtube channel where i review anime tiddies
Metal frame for a space covered with wooden forest sticks
What if stores also sold each card separately. So for example if I lost my King of Hearts I could just go and but it instead for throwing the whole deck of cards and buying a new one
A hotel that recreates your bedroom at home in exactly the condition you left it in, down the smallest detail.
What if, All the scientist in the world banned to make, Fish but instead of a tail the have HUGE butts and the have to clap thier cheeks to swim
Start a pro-abortion religion so women can claim they need one for religious reasons.
I want an episode of Mad Men where Don Draper is played by Steve Carell And an Episode of The Office where Michael Scott is played by Jon Hamm
A pedophile dating show hosted by both Chris Hanson and Chris Harrison.
Outlaw the use of pennies!
Y'all got infected, oozing cuts? Not anymore with my new miracle ointment "Puss-Ease"!
Here's a crazy idea: take your political circlejerk posts to a sub where they actually belong
I found out TikTok is a Beijing based companyA sim like character creator/dresser for websites that sell clothes so the customers can “try the clothes on”
If the next Einstein is alive right now he might put his "E=MC(2)" here in Crazy Ideas and no one would even understand it
A face mask that says: Mustache Rides, Closed Until Further Notice"
Scientist should let covid-19 mutate in the lab so as to generate future vaccines since it will probably resurface again in a couple of decades
We are taxed based on our carbon footprint and not our income
Free Business Ideas
Segregated concert seats (with sound barrier) for people who want to sing along and people who want to watch quietly.
A law that punishes police for telling people to stop recording them
The people can at any time have a vote for if a certain politician has to wear a chicken suit or not, while on duty for the next month.
Sould we start forming a Anit-Racist army?
Biodegradable suitcases: they take up a lot of room in storage so it would be easier to just bury them when we got back home.
If monogamy is a valuable thing for a woman to get from a man, then sell it to her. Sell her your agreement to not have sex with others for a certain time.
machine learning monkey stock trader
People and business of Hong Kong should take all of their money, rent part of Madagascar for 200 years and move there.
A 9/11 style memorial for all the medical professionals, first responders, grocery store workers, and all other essential employees who died from COVID-19
PornHub should create two new SFW video hosting sites, YouHub and FreeHub, to fight YouTube censorship.
Giant rockets push Earth a little further away from the sun to solve climate change.
A TV show where six gay men in a resort have to find the man who's not gay but at the end it's revealed no one is gay so it's a show about a bunch of heterosexual men acting gay.
student debt cancellation by how long ago it was discharged?
Cum Dye
Make a movie that seems like a drama but secretly every plot point is building up to the funniest climax anyone will have ever seen.
All dictatorships shall now be named . For example Kim Jong Un's Republic of North Korea
Soap for your eyes but when you pour it on your eyes, they hurt as hell, glueing your eyelashes to your eyes permanently.
Use deepfake tech to recreate famous speeches as TED talks
Find a way to graft roots on the end of rose stems so that they last more than two fucking days
Give trees and flowers the vote
A presidential debate that has real and verifiable economy, world geography, law and other relevant questions to gauge the knowledge of each candidate.
We should have 5 minutes of mutual dialogue with our pets moment before they pass out.
Sherman Ultra Weak
Removing rust on stell
Don’t allow people to complain about politics unless they voted in last election.
Everyone votes in person
Stand ups watching video.
Death Penalty for Corporations
Flash mobs, but, like, scripted fights and shit instead of dancing.
A company/service that sells single-use cosmetics to the general public.
A sequel to Alien vs Predator where a group of priests attempt to storm Area 51
Movie about a method actor
Keep some places virus proof, for the immuno compromised. Like some places are accesible for disabled people, some places should keep the precautions for a biological threat. Some people die if they catch the flu, and therefore go out less.
Make selling nudes illegal
A download code that comes with physical copies of books
Make a subreddit called rememeber and it would be a subreddit for dead old memes
Someone should turn the script of Netflix show ‘the Messiah’ and turn it into a third testament of the Bible, written with its stylings.
Protestors should use American flag umbrellas
Create a new reddit profile for every day of the year, so that every day can be your cake day!!
Stop using food delivery services like doordash and postmates
A can opener that opens more than just 2/3rds of the can
MAKE cat but for the average person.
App that creates a Popularity Score based on # of text messages on your phone and what proportion of messages you send to others vs. receive from others.
If I livestream my kids building a massive Harry Potter Lego set, do you thank anyone would watch?
Speed limits
Markiplier should be this generation’s horror voice actor and narrator akin to what Vincent Price was during his lifetime.
Creating a self-mutating and self-distributing computer virus?
Change California from 1 state into 10 separate states. Each new state has a portion of Los Angeles voter base. Run a special election for each of the 18 new senate seats.
Reddit should have a built in meme maker
Somebody should take stereoids and train only the left side of their body for the rest of their life to see the effect in the name of science.
A computer store where you can buy all the parts, and then can get help from a technician to assemble it in-house.
A Type of Fabric that instead of shrinking, gets looser when put in the dryer.
A subreddit that makes fun of "when you see it" memes, where people post pictures and draw attention to something that ISN'T in them.
A website where people can volunteer translation services for doctors (or other medical professionals) to use during this corona pandemic
Too many people rant about getting silver
App that sends you clothes weekly based on weather, occasion, body type and colouring and personal preference.
To raise public awareness of war, while any 2 countries are at war, each day, 1 person from each fights a duel to the death on live video
There’s a big battle going on as we speak, in the big powerhouse. Prince Andrew of the royal family outed as an Epstein buddy but almost all the rest of the names are redacted from the public
Trump should offer to shave his head on live TV if he wins the election
TV remotes that use IR should have multiple LEDs on all sides
Since there is a coin shortage in the US, now is the time to get rid of the penny, and the nickle while we are at it. Just round up people!
A service which provides cleaning your twitter account after a depressive episode so you end up being a 'racist' or 'sexist' or whatever when you run for office in future
Make Impossible Burgers with meat derived from humans.
One day technology will take a backwards leap and society will be trapped having to ‘video record’ all their shows on ‘VCRs’ but all the equipment will be flashing 12:00. When that time comes I will be the hero we will be looking for. On that day and every daylight savings day moving forward
Offer officers who do their jobs without carrying a firearm hazard pay.
Create an AI to Broadcast a Message to every phone, TV, Computer in order to warn about the potential danger of AI
Make smartphones that have two PIN codes. One that unlocks the phone, and the other one deletes the phone's data. That way, if the police has your phone and asks for your code, you can tell them the bad one.
Heels that look do not look like one but makes you taller
How can someone earn 3million dollars in 5months or less?.practical please no bank robery and lessons for minimalism or work hard please.
Caribbean Islands as one Super Island
Allow the COVID 19 protesters continue their business or return to work. On the condition they sign a form saying they relinquish their access to a hospital bed and ventilator if they become infected.
There've been peanut butter pop tarts and grape pop tarts. They should go all out and just do pb&amp;j pop tarts
Wear skin-tight clothing all your life to see if it prevents cancerous lumps from growing.
Add a water fountain and bathroom in classrooms
Super computer architecture, make filamentous sectional microchips then connect then end to end via a zig zag pattern, then you can link to nearby nodes via a local inducted circuit and have a created neural network of sorts
Crazy Idea: Vote for Rita
Gain enough weight to be obese and thus high-risk to skip the vaccine line.
What would happen if your spine just disappeared out of nowhere I tried research it but nothing came up
Wyaya
The Nobel committee should lie and tell Trump he's won the peace prize. He'll spend a month boasting like a child on twitter. When he shows up to claim the prize, they should spend an hour fucking roasting him, then give the prize to Obama a second time.
Drinking games but it's water to keep you and your homies hydrated during hot summer days
Name an abortion clinic “Numbers 5:21 abortions”
Make a version of McDonald's ice cream that doesn't completely freeze in the freezer or doesn't completely melt in the fridge
A setting that will filter out all “news” stories about or concerning the word “TRUMP”.
Compulsory Voting by mail in USA
To reduce the population , make everything legal for a year. No rules or laws. Complete chaos.
Battery powered outlets
What if educated misunderstanding was a legal defense?
What if we did this to get YouTube back to how it used to be?
criminals should get double votes, since they are the experts in choosing between which criminals to elect
A space construction serviceMinituarize all endangered animals and keep them in huge numbers behind people's kitchen sinks where it's moist.
A kitchen appliance that automatically makes waffles
What if the song "Take It Off" by The Donnas was sung by a man?
Opposite-Of-Purge Day. If you can restrain someone they automatically go to jail for two years.
There should be a series of porn parodies of classic literature called "Riley Reads"
Make Deadpool: The Video Game: The Movie, where Movie Deadpool and Video game Deadpool try to make the world's first critically acclaimed Video Game Movie.
Cigarettes with no harmful effects
Put AirPods in every 10,000th Kinder Joy
A dating site for guys who want to be with rich older women, even if it means being their slave
Peter parker should wear his spider man suit on halloween and go trick or treating
To make YouTube ads more fruitful. It should be an interactive add where people instead of skipping it can click on pop ups of the items the ad is trying to sell, and the item they want to buy just by clicking on the interactive ad will be delivered to them.
Our height fluctuates just like our weight
Owners of Reddit, you do not need to be afraid of losing the support that China has invested in this platform. If you drop them completely, we will still be here, and we will support your more than ever. This platform is extremely important to us and we will fight to protect it. We need you.
Sell copper "infused" antimicrobial undies you can rub to sanitize your hands.
When you open a microwave with only 1 second remaining on the display it automatically - and silently! - clears it
I’ll never put money on this site but I’d actually consider it if I could downvote reposts like 100 times for 10 bucks.
Fight WW3 completely in space. Leave the civilians to watch from Earth.
Slo Mo Guys should team up with PornHub
Star a new sub called’ Electricity Generating Gyms’. Where people only post that ONE idea and nothing else. Then the rest of us won’t have to keep reading it on crazyideas 3 times a week.
Raya and the Last Jedi: edit out Rose Tico and replace her with Raya, even the dialogue.
Reddit should have a built in reverse image search so users can easily search for a picture online to detect reposts
It's possible that there was once a species of large, boneless, blanket shaped creatures that were entirely wiped out by the prehistoric ancestors of house cats.
Okay hear me out because this may be big. Four packs of Ramen noodles= $1... okay. Forty BILLION packs of Ramen= $10 billion. Boom. World hunger solved by ramen.
At a fast food restaurant, order the largest drink. Once it gets to you, take off the lid right in front of the waiter and dump it all on the floor.
*Both* Democrat and Republican (U.S.) presidents hold office at the same time - and they must agree on every decision they make.
Boner Burger. If you're server doesn't serve with a boner, your burger is free.
A baking/cooking show where nobody gets eliminated.
Babu
Democrats start adopting the "Make America Great Again" slogan as their own, to troll Trump.
I'll be the CEO of a non-profit, non-advertising pharmaceutical company. Donating $1/month gets you a 'seat on the board' after you've been contributing for half of the project's existence. Cheap insulin is the first goal.
Every TV and radio news outlet should designate 2 hours each day for non-Covid non-Trump news.
When someone reposts something they found, a message is sent to the original poster. They can then decide if they want to allow it.
Cars with a built in dash cam that automatically uploads the videos to the cloud.
Adam Sandler and Will Smith in a movie called Has Beens.
If for whatever reason you need to have a Age-Verification CAPTCHA-like thing installed you can probably do something where the users is asked which of the following sounds is the correct sound for dial-up internet.
Flash dies in 2020. 2020 is possibly the worst year in recent history. Coincidence? I think not!
A perfect solution to wipe out fraud crimes: nfc enabled chip planted in your brain
Cum
Showers warm you from the top down, hot tubs warm you from the bottom up as you get in. Microwaves heat from the inside (do not recommend). I propose the "midheater", where many water jets hit your body all at the same time with the same temp
The Krummlauf
24hr live-streamed reality show, where Trump and Sanders are co-presidents.
New Stock Market System Will Share Nature Resources To The Public In The Most Fair Way
Have dog friendlier flights. Replace some of the seats with dog kennels so my lab (who can't fit in a dog carrier under the seat lol) can come with me on vacation!
Revise rental rates for the current situation
Get covid, take steroid treatments, open up your Twitter account, proceed
At your next concert, when you throw your hands in the air, wave them like you are genuinely concerned with what's going on
President Biden declares was on Cobid-19, uses the military budget to fund stimulus checks.
Perfection is impossible
a bathroom where you walk in, robot arms take off all your clothes, you poop and pee on the floor cuz theres no toilet, and the robots clean it up and scrub you and brush your teeth and put clean clothes on you.
Randonautica was designed by a serial killer.
Make simulation where each of two AIs controls its own anatomically accurate human model. Make them fight to death for millions of rounds, then after they became pros in fighting - use experts to analyze their fights to reconstruct their unique ruthless figthing style.
Crazy idea. Success of a movie should be based on tickets sold or times watched rather than a dollar amount. The cost of a movie ticket has changed considerably even over 10 years, so is impossible to compare to older films to current ones.
Taserball, like paintballs, but with little stun gun charges inside
Create a cheap marijuana drug test that detects use in the last 3-6 hours, enabling users, especially in legal states that still test, to enjoy themselves on their own time without any worry.
A multi gym that gradually transforms into a clothes rack of exactly the same size and dimensions over a two month period.
Brake lights get brighter the harder you step on the brakes
Hello Fellow Human Beings
Someone quick make Massive Voter Turnout 'MVT' into a gang sign and throw it up around the polling stations.
Elon Musk is selling all his possessions and real estate because he plans to launch himself into space soon
Instead of bailing out the banks, the US Government should bail out the service industry and all of its hourly-employees that have all lost their source of income
During this period of quarantine and social distancing, Discovery Channel should release all previous Shark Week content.
Remote vibrators but any remote can control any vibrator. See who else discretely has the same brand as you
We should abolish private political institutions and make both major institutions public. We should be able to reshuffle the leaders with a public vote of no confidence by their respective constituents.
Republicans are constantly denying the mass invasion of a foreign species and the existence of UFOs because Republicans are aliens
The Government buys every foreclosed home in America, offers tax breaks to property managers to screen tenant applicants, tenants made responsible for managing properties via housing contract.
Make a butt-cam called HINDSIGHT
A Youtube channel where people send in their birthday and everyday, the host(s) will upload the video of them say happy birthday to people who was born that day.
Would you watch a TV station that showed the worst of people in action, killing, stealing, humiliating themselves and others while the best, nicest people just hung up pretty pictures as a countermeasure with a nice dose of cats. Would you call it Facebook and be a content provider?
Make Google maps an unlockable map that unlocks by climbing to the top of the nearest water tower.
A Google feature that allows you to see search results from any date
A clock that doesn't display the time, but shows the current location of : the earth going around the sun and the moon going around the eart
Revenge Bowling
When you do your taxes, the IRS tells you how much you put into the system vs. how much you take out.
Doctor won’t prescribe you amoxicillin? Go to Walmart and drink the chug the lowest price chicken broth because they’re hopped up on agricultural antibiotics.
Building hundreds of ‘group homes’ for homeless dogs all across America. And then shutting down animal shelters.
Make "Shocked Pikachu Face" the official mascot of the worldwide Corona Virus outbreak.
Start a movement to have people help the planet with absolute minimal effort
Pizza delivery cars are exempt from all road rules.
A movie where every character dies except for the one played by Sean Bean
Paper pants that you can wipe your ass with
hold all debates via webcam
Reddit should let you pay to remove a posts rewards
We should all come together and make new profiles and/or post anonymously and combat pedos on Reddit
Someone should make a fart parody of Billie Eilish’s “Bad Guy” and call it “Brap Guy”
Hold the next presidential debate in a Arby’s drive thru or a Taco Bell parking lot.
A "Build Your Own Porn" site that allows you to construct videos of custom-built characters that can perform any array of a large number of pre-programmed "tasks" uniquely modified to any ready-made props, articles and character size/type, with timeline construction features and all.
Cars that can be driven with standard video game controllers
A dating app that randomly pairs you to meet someone in your area at random spot with little to no preparation. Take it or leave it blind dating.
Genetically modified humans that instead of regular breast milk being produced, they only produce chocolate breast milk. This would solve all of world hunger as we know it.
Having a one world government and using all the money that used to be spent in military to create a better life conditions for every human being
Movies should go straight to digital till the quarantine is over. Charge a little more for rental and then that's one less industry we have to bail out.
I’m thinking about creating a magazine full of surreal or psychedelic pictures of people with an absurd story besides the picture.
Edit The Matrix so that Neo's full name is Keanu Theodore Anderson. It'd be pretty easy because Agent Smith always calls him Mr. Anderson. Just edit some background documents when he's in the office at first.
A construction firm that pays its workers more if they're willing to ignore standard personal safety regulations.
You should be able to report a YT video for clickbait and the title would change to what the actual video is.Example:"Ten minutes of me talking and adverts while pretending there's ghosts in my house."
A fighting game but the controls are randomized before each match, with the point being to see who can adapt the fastest
Make the Pope sneeze and say “Bless You” so he goes to ultra heaven
We should label pizza sizes by the pizza's radius, not its diameter, so that you can visualize what a single slice would look like. The diameter only helps to visualize the full pizza.
A podcast/book/tv series about history written from the loser's point of view
Electric Vehicles should have the ability to have their music systems 'daisy chained', so if 20 EV's are parked in the same area there could be 1 DJ spinning music for an impromptu dance party
Be a good boy or girl all year and tell Santa that all you want for Christmas is a Large Hadron Collider.
Enormous offshore wind turbines that are used to power carbon sequestration plant which then turns CO2 and water into bitumen which is released to sink to the bottom of very deep oceans!
Convince the prettiest girls to cut their hair short like a boy to level the curve a little
Introduce a penguin to a polar bear and see what happens
After the success of the art book "Gay Men Draw Vaginas", let's create the book "Lesbian Women Draw Penises".
Create a program that will redirect all of your internet traffic through multiple, randomized VPNs.
In April 1, 2021, Mass downvote r/pee and r/poop
Build an Eiffel Tower in every city
Call in sick for work while at work. Spend the day doing nothing at your desk.
A pill that you put in your cock hole that makes your cum one giant string so it's easier to clean
Paint a line around the baggage carousel 5 feet away. Passengers are only allowed in that zone once they see their bag.
Swallowing human sperm should cure COVID-19.
Vin Diesel hosting Family Fued.
Have everyone on the planet put in as much money as they can into developing the cheapest solar panel technology to make oil useless and destroy the power structure
Protest Communist China by deleting TikTok and other Chinese owned apps from our phones.
No one worth more than 2 million dollars can run for any political office
A DreamWorks film directed by Quentin Tarantino :D
A drama or comedy tv show where jesus comes back but as a teenager in high school.
There should be an option for people to make posts where the individual post gets karma for visibility, but where it doesn’t count toward your personal karma.
Go up to strangers in the grocery store and yell "this store requires masks!"
add edamame, lentils, and spinach to a smoothie and call it soylent green
a used hardware store called crack pipes, cuz half their stuff is cracked
In the future Healthcare is nonexistent because no one gets sick anymore. Until they do and millions die. So they send viruses back in time so that our Healthcare system can solve them, which is why crazy shit like HIV and COVID happens.
Start doing the conga and get as many people as possible to join in. Then lead them up the side of an active volcano and jump in.
Apple can pay actors to carry Samsungs that are rigged to explode in public
Spotify should allow users to block songs in other peoples' playlists.
Instead of saying “I plead the 5th” we should also be allowed to say “suck my dick” cuz that’s pretty much the same thing.
Couples should only pool together their assets for big financial decisions - like investing in a house or to pay for their kid's tuition. Otherwise, their assets don't necessarily have to be pooled.
Have a content rating for political speeches, just like movies are rated.
I bet if a female politician wore brightly colored dresses she'd do better than her female counterparts just by virtue of standing out in a sea of grey pantsuits. Same if a male politician ditched the tie and wore colorful dress shirts.
Instead of the dumbest 2 minutes in sports, basketball players should just lose a timeout if they foul
Parent comments should receive some karma for any comments beneath since they started the discussion.
A solar powered electric car with solar panel over its roof.
Make a blanket with a built-in vibrator for everyone. And it make a pillow that you morph like a Transformer into a fleshlight
A backpack that doesn't open and has pockets that are sewn shut
A Charlie and the Chocolate Factory type competition but instead of 5 golden tickets it’s 5 handicap placards
We put our (summarized) life story on our headstone for our loved ones to read when they visit us
Carvana sells only used cars online. They should also sell new cars. It makes more sense to buy a new car online.
Make a sandbox video game where you talk to A.I and they make a response.
Reddit letting you make anonymous posts without needing to create a throwaway account.
Give the option in Reddit where I can read only the top comments and click on it if I want to read the replies on that commment
Whenever a presidential candidate drops out of the race, Reddit should ‘Press X to pay respects’ because no one will be able to put ‘X’ next to them on the ballot anymore
The bachelor/bachelorette for senior citizens only
Nintendo should reveal a new Smash Ultimate DLC fighter at the 2021 A Capitol Fourth.
Stop arguing with bots and trolls on reddit and go vote
Listing of your shop and business in the Google search and Google maps
A porn vid where your step sis is stuck in your washing machine, so you call firefighters, and then you proceed to make premarital eye contact with the hot firefighters.
Game where you can’t speak to or understand npc’s unless you spec into language skills.
Measure the efficiency of employees before and after work from home.. And permanently adopt the suitable work style accordingly by the companies.
A 9-1-1 alert button on firearms.
Redefine nationalism around shared ideology, as opposed to shared geography.
A racing game with incredible graphics where you don’t race at all, all you do is drive trough the countryside whilst calm music plays.
Speed up the self checkout lanes using the "if you break it you bought it" principle. For example, if you stick your finger into some bananas at the grocery store, those instantly become your bananas without having to go thru checkout.
What the government should do
Garbage Collection Solutions
A Reddit clone where everyone has moderator privileges over anyone who joined after them.
Cooling bomb
If a Redditor intentionally leave a rude comment, he/she must use an icon that will colorize the said comment into a green one. So that if a rude comment isn't like this color it will result to automatic deletion.
There should be a drug that puts you to sleep and guarantees you hours of crazy Lucid dreams.
What if there was a unicycle but its like a hoverboard
We take all the money from the rich and redistribute it amongst everybody
Animatronic Tarot Card dealer, and if you choose to keep the cards it deals you, you lose a refund from the coin slot.
Make a bot that posts all responses from r/askReddit to r/tellreddit
To deal with overwhelming population struggling with reality (recent riots..) instead of just defending against civil war, we should give them Texas. They can appoint whoever if they trade their citizenship.
A "HARM-onica" a harmonica that is secretly a knife
Legalize smoking in all public places
Sawdust is just manly glitter
Punk the POTUS: We all participate in an elaborate hoax to make the president believe he missed the election.
We should create a universal symbol to silently share the belief black lives matter, like the black arm bands worn to protest the Vietnam War.
Bring Live audience into News studios just like in Talk Shows
There should be a site where you add two links and a text, and it gives you a markdown-text where every other letter is hyperlinked to the different urls
ATLUS should make a persona 3, 4 and 5 game bundle and call it Persona Colors Collection
We should all stop working in the middle of the week.
Making an extra first row for students so everybody will sit in the 2nd row or behind. Then you remove the first row and don't have empty seats
There should be an option for a tip on all fast food apps that offer curbside pickup.
Hold on a minute, luv.
We should make a subreddit called pet obstacle courses while we are bored in quarantine
A new connected comic book universe based on Barbwire, Vapriella, Lady Death, and Squirrel girl. Call it the "Empowered Womyn Universe.
Ban memes. Make it a $75 fine if you are caught with memes on your phone
There should be an option for the upvote button to be on the right side of the screen on mobile. That would made it easier to browse reddit with one hand.
Dreamworks should become a official meme template making company
Utilize local churches as an option for social distance teaching when the school year begins again.
Make a whole new society that is focused on humans true nature and main purpose is to have a happy life. Additionally this new society will also provide a very low consumption per habitant - meaning it will be healthy for the environment.
There is a crazy social experiment to build a new city
Be president. Ask interpreters to dress up as dolphins. Recite the recipe to a decent banana bread in place of my speech.
The shortest distance between two points is a straight line but given gravity the fastest way to travel between two points is an exponential curve.
RPG like the Elder Scrolls but there’s a finite amount of gold in the entire game
every month theres a ranked choice vote for the top 10 politicians to fire, or you can vote nobody.
There should be a deluxe, more expensive version of McDonald's where they serve the same menu but in a full service restaurant with waiters, and they actually cook your food fresh and make it perfectly for your order.
Lion Rodeos
Cars should come equipped with three different types of horn sounds.
REALITY TV SHOW IDEA: Pick 5 strangers and turn them into a rock band. Give them lessons and follow them for a year. See how they do at an annual rock competition.
A car that is propelled by a roof mounted howitzer loaded with blanks.
Reddit should automatically delete a post that has the same words as a previous post.
Rebrand vaccines
A class that taught students investing in shares, and for finals they had 1 month to make the most money off a given amount
big budget porn, with amazing acting, and writing
Because Betty Boop was originally a dog, that means that everyone that has a tattoo of her, has a furry art tattoo.
Each child is assigned, at birth, to a random country and put up for adoption in that country.
One of the reddit awards should be a Rick Roll emoji.
Marvel should publish a 'new' Superman in 2033.
شركات نقل أثاث
ANSI standard for Christmas mini-lights.
Just start baking Christmas cookies.
Buy a radio station that only plays “Never Gonna Give You Up” with no commercials. That way you can Rick Roll anyone who is searching for a station.Squeaky Toys GoFundME
For Uber, a budget option even cheaper than UberPool called "UberRoulette" where the destination is entirely random.
For next generation all over the world, Siri and ok Google will work only if you speak in British accent. Whole world will have cool accent in few years.
Make fake political campaign signs and put them in your yard, and alongside the real ones you sometimes see next to the road. Put names on them that are just a little to silly to be real, like "Rene Wables" or "Bobson Dugnutt."
The government is looking for you, where will you hide ?
The Founding Fathers would have straight Murdered Mitch McConnell and Lindsey Graham – PROVE ME WRONG – The Haunted Typewriter
$1000 if you didn't get covid in 2020
Before buying your children their first game, they should be required to beat Super Mario World, Zelda: Ocarina of Time, and 007 or Perfect Dark 64.
Every country closes down their airports before the coronavirus gets bad
A GoFundMe for citizens to buy back their politicians.
A line of bespoke waters for cats and dogs. Nothing but the finest artisan well sources to keep your loveable pet healthy into old age.
A "dating coach" that you go on a pseudo-date with and they'll give you the brutal truth for why no one wants to go out with you.
A TV Series thts just a mix of all the LGBTQ+ TV shows tht were canceled too early
Companies should sponsor sports announcers, and pay them per pun blatantly name dropping them.
The NFL Draft works exactly the same as a military draft
Genetically engineer healthy foods like kale to taste like junk foods like cake.
Xaf qebrd
Create app where you can send anonymous posts to neighbors on how to improve their yard
A sub called r/thisjustin where we can post news sarcastic/fake/funny/etc... headlines that we feel are appropriate for the moment.
Biden should declare a "War on the Virus" W Bush style
If a person were to do something bad enough on the internet,they would get there internet rights revoked.
You think it is possible to find the career you love? If so, please help me with this survey!
Breaded cheese sandwich.
Set up treadmills on the back of commercial flights that can be booked by passengers for 10/15 minutes when the flight is stable so people can stretch their legs
Protestors of the world unite! We should establish INTERPRO, an international organization against police brutality.
Hollandaise dipping sauce for McDonald’s breakfast menu.
The NFL should draft professional sumo wrestlers as offensive linemen.
New golf tournament
A horror movie about astronauts exploring the seemingly uninhabitable planet only be haunted by alien ghosts
We should start a crowd fund for someone to get close to Trump and punch him in the nose. That way he has bail. He's gotta be strong and ready for the backlash. A female would be better.
We should have a Global Breeding Program and promote Genetic Attributes (rare blood type, immunity to disease) we should breed them like rabbits
Give refrigerators a darkmode
A prison where you pay to be locked up for a period of time that you choose. You earn a portion of your money back by the length of your stay, but you're free to leave whenever you want. Actual prison rules apply.
Everyone should foster dogs from local shelters during the quarantine. By the end of it, lots of those dogs could be adopted permanently.
National census and Testing.
Everyone intentionally contract Coronavirus at the same time. Pandemic over three weeks later.
Make it so you cant go to a public university if you're not registered to vote
Make a giant bumper sticker that says "Hey anti-vaxxer, without vaccines there would be pandemics all the time!"
Subway, in addition to the footlong and 6 inches, should offer a 3 inch snacker and a 9 inch tweener.
If you block users on reddit you shouldn't have to see their posts even if they are promoted by reddit.
When you downvote a comment a prompt pops up: “Are you downvoting because the comment adds nothing to the discussion or because you personally disagree with it?” Comments that are downvoted because of personal opinions reflect the downvotes but don’t get hidden, unlike comments marked as irrelevant.
Anyone aspiring to be a powerful politician is automatically banned
Disarm the police and restructure police departments to be more like a Fire Department, because BLM.
Buy up old, dying (or just dead) small towns and re-establish them for future living.
The band Slayer should make a song specifically for The Doom Slayer
Make it illegal to enter public areas without a mask on. Crazy, right?
A political pundit show where they risk their own money when making predictions
An election where there aren't only two candidates, but everyone can apply and you have to pass a preselection to the final, with 10 candidates. All this time you don't vote for one candidate, but instead on your ballot you can upvote, downvote or leave blank every candidate's name.
A dating app that lets you add name filters so that you don’t match up with your ex.
Just accept the corona.
A generic food brand called "It's not the same!" with names for things like "You lied and said it was butter!" and "These taste nothing like Apple Jacks!"
Make karma a currency that can be bought, sold, and given. People can exchange karma for reddit coins.
Use quiet cool whole house fans to suck the air upward out of classrooms so virus laden air is prevented from traveling or lingering in front of children.
First person camera view on your favorite professional sports player during game.
just had a eureka moment: I think I know how to solve political voting, but it will require a partial redesign for political subreddits (game theory; see inside)
Shsyhs
Expedite herd immunity by intentionally exposing healthy volunteers to COVID and transforming hotels into quarantine tanks.
They should rebrand Aunt Jemima as “Nancy Anne” to honor Nancy Green and Anna Harrington, two women who portrayed the character in the early years of the brand’s existence
What are the skills you wish you should have learned sooner or skills that you still wish to learn?
A bomb that gets inserted into everyones brain at a young age. It blows up when they commit a crime
Use hand sanitizer as a lubricant to prevent pregnancy.
With the world basically shutdown we saw a major decrease in pollution in some areas. As a planet we should shut everything down for a whole month annually, like a purge but for the health of our planet.
Fast and Furious 10 needs to be called Fasten Your Seatbelts
The government should have a department dedicated to keeping them up to date
Fried chicken, dipped in pimento cheese
Remix of “My Sharona” by The Knack as “My Corona” in lieu of the virus.
COVID infection summer camp
I made a research on the educational system in contrast with the must known life skills, in an animated mode, and decided to post it on YouTube. What do you think about the school system?
Reddit should have a Wikipedia subreddit where anyone can edit another post.
We should choose a member of the press and treat them like they treat celebrities and politicians.
A drone that flies above you everywhere you go and help you with stuff
Nasal spray would be a great medium to do cocaine.
Trains with rockets!!! (1 straight line only and only cargo). You want your lumber or steel or something from 1 Country to another but boats are too slow, well let's just build a special straight railroad WAAAY underground and have it there fuckin really fast! (More in post text)
We should melt the ice caps down, raise the sea level to flood Australia to put out the fires and slow down climate change that is happening from all the smoke
Get an independent oversight committee to require politicians to take monthly drug tests. See how long it takes then to decriminalize pot in all 50 states and at the federal level.
LED Speed Limit Signs that change the speed limit depending on the road, time of day and traffic patter s.
Reddit should not show a number of upvote but a fraction or a % of upvotes per number of views so we can actually know if a content is approved by everyone or just echo chambered while 99% of people don't even think it's worth upvoting it.
I've been working on an autonomous car that will teach people how to code their own autonomous vehicle for 16 months now
An apocalyptic/comedy movie where farts are contagious and the fall of civilization had been caused by farts due to the air becoming ubreathable.
Start a nationwide SEO and social media movement to make a picture of Hitler be the first Google Image result for "Donald Trump"
Remove all comment sections from there internet. Nobody's allowed to comment on anything anymore. You've had your fun.
Project 250 Mil
Nipple pasties that are functioning microphones
Myst would be a perfect game to reboot and expand in VR
Disaster tax—government imposes extra corporation tax, which would be returned at the end of the fiscal year if there’s no disaster; if there is, the money goes to the disaster found to help combat the situation.
A little friend in my head that stops me before saying dumb things.
Nanobot-Driven Dreams - small implants that allow you to choose what dream you want to experience tonight.
have Reddit comment replies be color coded according to the amount if times you have already replied to that same user or been on same posts threads.
The young people who can't afford housing, should band together, hire like 5 people to teach them, and build their own (subpar) houses, with blackjack and hookers.
What is aliens are actually humans who have learned to use time machines and we should start getting worried since the sightings have stopped..
The world needs autonomous life pods roving it's surface
Run for president promising to reveal all government secrets and to fire anyone who gets in the way of that
Make the monetary system work with fractions instead of decimals
Has there been anyone that beat the youtube and facebook algorithmns by leaving the platform?
You can bring your own food to theaters, but they can charge you and tell you where you have to sit.
Clothes that convert urine to sweat
Play quantum Russian Roulette
A non-coronavirus related news network
Synthesize beloved actors into a database of virtual beings, allowing film &amp; TV production to continue during times like Covid -- so all entertainment can be created in a purely digital space.
A timer on every people's head when we meet them for the first time. So that you would know if the person is temporary or permanent in our lives.
Minimum 5 years experience in any public office before being allowed to run for Congress/Presidency, even if only as a volunteer
Use QR codes as epitaphs and apply the deceased’s life savings towards maintaining and archive of their social media with an In Memoriam page for future generations.
Car horns should sound as loud on inside of a car as they do on the outside
Use special effects to make fake phone videos to influence the masses. Then stop broadcasting about it and never mention it again.
A interesting way to limit firearms being bought by unstable and unsafe individuals,
Give each American TWO votes for president. Each voter has the option of abstaining from using their 2nd vote if they choose. This creates a legitimate spot for a 3rd party candidate to run in elections.
A Dream Video Game
Picture search in Facebook, so we can search for a person with a given picture.
A website where amateur musicians can put their little unfinished bits of songs so that others can listen to them and volunteer their additions, finally resulting in some finished songs
Australia fires are Reddit Comments' fault!
Increase Earth's speed with massive rockets to shorten the year, so I don't accidentally write the previous year on forms out of habit
A subreddit where people with 'fuck you money' setup treasury hunts
All political donations go to a charity in the name of the politician.
The Bitch song, except she's only a bitch.
Change lethal injection cocktails to heroin
Twitch Plays: My Neuralink
The soccer field should tilt to give the losing team a slight advantage
I just came up with the ultimate solution for the trans bathroom issue which is way cheaper than making individual mini bathrooms for everyone.
A French Onion Soup and Crème Brûlée Parfait
Let's start calling blowjobs given by men as 'brojobs'.
We should Tag and record fishing nets and commercial fishing gear. If a fisherman loses the net or just fucking yeets it out to sea they should be charged, fined and serious offenders face jail time.
Ireland should invade a small part of Northern Mali and send all the homeless there
Have YouTube analytics show how much of the video people actually watched and what parts.
What if reddit uses flair to categorize our posts further to harvest that data and sell it to companies for advertising use. Is it crazy or just what is happening?
Open a chain restaurant called "Loners" where everyone has to dine alone
A cafe that completely changes themes seasonally
Dunkin Donuts dipped in KFC Gravy
New gun laws should be similar to "leveling" up in a video game.
Movie Pitch: Fast and the Furious Zombie Apocalypse
Cold blankets
Online platform that don't sell shit
An inbuilt timed response button for your phone that needs to be reset every 10-20 seconds before it shuts down your car and or phone so you don’t crash and die while playing on your phone and driving. It would probably annoy you enough to stop picking up your phone while driving full stop.
Elect Rick Chairman
At ATMs, they give you $2.50 if you deposit any amount of money
Mr musk should build FSD for boats
“The Reddit Effect” Should be a term for those threads where it’s your duty to respond *nice* to the guy who beat you to it.
Negative awards for really stupid comments/posts
Philadelphia Eagles 2019 Season Recap
An advent calendar that counts from December 26 all the way to the next Christmas day.
Have a “thank you” light on the rear of your car. Someone lets you in, you click the button and a small thank you light blinks letting the other driver know you appreciate them (since no one thank you waves anymore, they may be more inclined to simply push a button)
A sub that has many rule that will reject any post, with an auto response that quotes the specific rule every time someone tries to post on that sub. Call it r/showerthoughts
A cooking show where grandmas make their special recipes it’s judged by Gordon Ramses
Replace Trump and Biden with Statler and Waldorf from The Muppets and see if anyone notices the difference
Remove the comment voting function on Reddit and find a new way to sort comments.
a covid vaccine mutant arena live on tv
Protect all vulnerable people in bubbles with all their needs. Then, intentionally infect the rest of us with COVID-19 to get it over with. We can keep working and going to school since we're not worried about spreading it.
Institute a maximum net worth for politicians set at the average citizens net worth.
Spread a rumour that coronavirus can only be caught from Chinese people and is transmitted down phone lines. Watch as orders of Chinese food decline and prices drop. Tuck into that newly reduced ,tasty crispy duck and sweet ‘n’ sour chicken with fried rice.
Police officers should livestrram their body cam footage
Replace half of the 0 (zero) key with the , (comma) - on the right side of all keyboards.
Attach a generator to a dog's tail, maybe attach an access point to it, internet follows the dog
A browser extension that stops autoplay videos on news sites specifically
Vaccine to make you immune from getting flare ups from mosquitos and spider bites
Instead of letting corporations profit from the pandemic, why not tax their profits to give back to the unemployed. It’s only for a year or two.
carbonated milk
Movie idea: Kylo Ren and Stimpy
When you open a social media app like Instagram or Twitter, it goes straight to your profile as a reminder that you're the only person you should be worried about
The worst 2 division 1 college football teams play each other in the 2000 Flushes Toilet Bowl.
A universal currency
Robotic teddy bears programmed to crawl out of the sewers during hot weather.
I'd like to make a film only using POV footage of people delivering food on their bike for a living during this health crisis around the world (think UberEats, Glovo, Deliveroo, etc). Think you can help me find the right people?
Coroners should stop hosting Coroner Parties.
Amazon tracking for stolen packages
We should be allowed to vote out a president during his/her term.
A Downvote Day. Every post can only get a downvote for 24 hours.
The power of a vote should be weighted along a normal distribution according to the voter's age
Cardboard toilet seat for serious offendors
A hitman service that tracks down and kills anyone who says they want to die online
The plural of "duck" should be "deek"
Every month a premium selection of individually selected, curated porn from local independent sex workers arrives at your door. I give you "Subscription Box".
We should have a yearly 30-day quarantine periods called Earth Month, to help the planet recuperate.
Give every single healthy young (under 50) person the corona virus and make sure they don’t come in contact with people in risk of having extreme health effects from it. After they become well again they will have become resistant and they will not have to be worried about it anymore.
Kernel-less popcorn.
Ultimate Dancefighting Championship
Mouse controlled by eye movment
Governments should pool some of their resources into an emergency fund to help prevent corporate control.
A handjob with IcyHot cream
A group (probably a private citizen group) or the Library of Congress should start collecting donated personal diaries of Americans, especially now, to show future generations what sort of things happened in the past.
Netflix should partner with google to let you turn on auto generated subtitles for shows where the subtitles don’t match what’s actually being said.
Patent the U.S. Patent System and then sue the government for infringing your patent.`
(NSFW) An app called "RateMyLoad"
A bottle of sex lube that comes with "penis shrinking ingredients", similar to tooth whitening in toothpaste... Leave that out for women to find then casually bring up... Its a little too big. I just want it to swing around less.
$10k Blueprint - Step-By-Step Guide To Earning $10,000+ Per Month
Use this downtime to ban tipping from restaurants so that nobody expects to continue that stupid behavior once restaurants reopen.
Call and compliment the driver when you see “How’s my driving” stickers on the back of a vehicle.
A group of 10 people dig a badass mine and bury manuscripts that seem like they're from 2300. Kinda bury it and point archeological teams towards the site.
Everyone should boycott Trump’s Twitter and other Social Media
Solve every conflict (War, Political and Personal battles) with a single round of Sizzors, Paper, Rock.
“Comedy Central Presents: The Roast of President Trump”
A presidential campaign where are you say if you're elected you'll. Kick out all the disabled people
If you are deemed a troll by a community you should be given a cursed troll font that you can not change. Preferably comic sans.
Life hack for lazy people
We should start referring to 2020 as the year of the Trump plagues
Start a fabric company called Hail Satin.
Landlord Revenge: Ideas Needed
Avoid missing out on essential items by shopping from other people's carts at the grocery store. Technically it's not their property yet.
Subway should use Adam Sandler’s Happy Gilmore ads.there should be a DJ ANal where he inserts fart sound effects into the music
Truly Universal Pre-K. Not Only is Pre-K Government Funded for All, It is Mandatory. No Exceptions for Age. Everyone Over the Age of 5 Must Hold a Certificate of Preschool Graduation. To Not Do So Will Be a Felony.
If time was accelerating and the universe was made of gravity
Maybe I should invent underwear with a belt strap. Could you imagine seeing some guy wearing only underwear, but with a belt strapped around it. Now you can take being an absolute Steve Irwin nerd to the next level.
Instead of using lotion while masturbating, use germ ex to wash away your sins.
I think we should change the meaning of "Trump" from something that is the best to something that is the worst.
Joe Rogan should host the presidential debate between Biden and Trump on his podcast.
Record yourself standing on a segboard until it runs out of power, and put it on youtube.
Use aerosolized sedatives to deal with riots instead of tear gas
Having only one social media platform
NUN of Your Business (You got the business... WE got the Nuns!)
Allow the government to take all our rights then give them back to create stockholm syndrome
The easiest solution to Overpopulation is to accept LGBTQI+ couples
Colorblind glasses but use them to create special phone/computer screens.
"Life Therapy Day", where for an entire day every year all social shut down together
Change what can call itself "news" or "information" based on how the organization defends itself in court
Jehovah's Fitness
Flying hospitals
A Live action Scooby Doo show where the gang shows up on the set of Paranormal/ Ghost Hunter TV shows to debunk their claims.
Reality TV game show where couples compete against other couples to win legal representation and money to get a divorce
A store for canine accessories called "Best Boys"
Remove and replace someone’s entire skeleton with remote controlled robot bones, but leave the human muscle and flesh. Once healed, remote control the bones to do intense weight lifting, all powered by the robot skeleton. See if muscle mass still grows, despite the bones doing all of the lifting.
Wireless chargers for electric cars, but you put them at all the traffic stops built into the road, so as you sit at a red light, your car is charging!
Public transport being completely funded by state/government taxes so the fare is $0.00
An app that has your seemingly lost phone make a noise simply by hearing your voice say, "Phone, where are you?"
A pill that makes your shit and piss taste good so that you can make snacks wherever you are.
Rotting food waste in landfills is a big contributor to climate change. Climate change is bad. Raccoons like to eat food waste. Raccoons are good. So we just get way, way more raccoons and airdrop them over the landfills and let them go nuts.
How many of you felt the Game of thrones ending was not too bad enough???
A 'good virus' that comes up on pop up links that deletes all malware/spyware on the computer.
We need to be teaching our kids life skills and resilience in schools instead of Pythagorean’s theorem and algebra.
Scholastic classes that focus on how to identify what are facts and what are not.
I‘d think a flash mob of dancing and singing people in the streets would be a really effective &amp; peaceful way to get the message across especially when the audience they’re trying to persuade are rich white folks.
Praytreon: a website for paying your favorite content creators in thoughts and prayers instead of money.
Netflix Shuffle OptionA movie/porn studio that makes legit movies with NC-17 content. Still adult porn stuff, but focuses on the actual movie.
Create a crowdfunded tv show that makes celebrities/famous people answer super personal questions for charity
Move the UN to the North or South Pole
A contraption that records your dreams.
A mobile game where you can make your own text based adventure games with choices and your own story and you can share said games with others throgh the app
Make new rule/law that there is a limit of executive orders Presidents can make in the USA per month. Also add that a previous president’s executive order can’t be overturned until the current president has entered his or her second term.
Digital TV services should let you skip commercials for things you've already bought.
I wish there was a Pudding/Jello hybrid that scooped like pudding, but had the taste and texture of Jello.
Convince Trump supporters that masks are bad (shouldn’t be too hard). Organize Trump rallies in your city. All the supporters will show up without masks, give each other COVID, and die. Then there will be fewer people to vote for Trump in November and he’ll lose
A book that uses every word in the English dictionary, but never uses a single word more than once
A reality show for couples who recall things differently during arguments. One partner allows hidden cameras to be installed in the home for a few months. The other partner is called to task at the end based on what they claimed to recall
Covid turns out to be another name for dihydrogen monoxide
A public auction that supports a system of bartering, where auctioneers and appraisers both work super fast in valuating the bids.
An 18+ version of how bob the builder where he's a part time mercenary/contract killer
MAKE THIS THE MOST UPVOTED POST OF THE SUBREDDIT.
The Cost of Medication
Let's make a subreddit where a bunch of people just write random gibberish.
Create a reddit bot that replies "Jesus, are people still doing this?" to comments that have less than ten words, on the assumption that it's just a meme reference.
Digging out an enormous lake in a desert and flood it with sea water to counter rising sea levels
We should convince every gym in the United States to drop every ball stuck on their ceilings at the same time.
All establishments that serve food have a dedicated time every week that left over/unsold food is made available to the homeless/hungry before it's thrown away, to reduce food waste and hunger at the same time.
Families in Need idea - unemployment and corona
Employers that observe their employees blatantly disregarding social distancing or hording/exploiting people when selling supplies should be able to legally reprimand or fire them.
Emergency vehicles should use their flashing lights as big blue indicators when approaching a junction so everyone can make sure they’re not getting in the way when moving to let them through.
Geographic democracy where the political ideologies of each sovereign state is fixed and you're free to choose which one you want to live in based on it.
A setting on Reddit that, when on, only shows comments and posts by people who are 18+
A spider man manga , that's just a harem comedy about every marvel girl wanting Spidey, but all peter Parker wants, is to fight crime.
We should create a Reddit “Upvote Formula” for subreddits where it examines all successful posts on the subreddit and correlates they with topics that will likely result in upvotes.
A way to eliminate the need for abortions: mandatory vasectomies for all men until written consent is given by the man and a woman
have a Godzilla movie in the style of a nature documentary
The next generation of children should be called Corona-Boomers.
We need a mock reality sitcom of kim jong un
Sue Keanu Reeves for Cyberpunk's failings
The US presidential debates should have penalties. Interrupting your opponent, going off topic, or not answering the moderators question should result in a portion of your time to speak be transferred to your opponent.
Instead of putting efforts solely into a cure, we should start looking to make the tests as available and responsive as possible
Make money on fiverr with out any skill and doing nothing.
An employee holiday, once a year where the boss or bosses have to do the job of an employee for the day.
Muppet Game of Thrones
Fire exits should show an icon of a person running out of a burning building instead of the word "EXIT"
Saddled with huge debt? Form a debt collection company, buy your own debt for "pennies on the dollar", then settle with yourself to pay the entire amount owed for $1
An apartment complex where the temperature of the water coming out of all fixtures is the average of all the open taps in the building at that moment.
Put a pro-life/2nd amendment advocate in a room with a pro-choice/gun control advocate. For every restriction one side proposes they must accept an equal measure against their own convictions. Everyone agrees to follow whatever agreements are made as law and stop debating these issues going forward.
Bleach or Cum World Cup
Switch all the measurements in the United States to the metric system overnight and don't tell anyone
R/HydroHomies and R/NeverBrokeABone Should Have a Giant Water Balloon Fight With Their Respective Liquids.
A charity where you can decide a cause (e.g. climate change, australia, human rights etc.) and donate money in return you get nudes from people that donated pics for this cause.
A YouTube rewind for all of the youtube sections (e.g YouTube gaming rewind, YouTube trending rewind, ext.)
Dreams are just you living the life of another version of yourself from a different universe
A womens dress made entirely out of pockets.
So money is valuable because people believe it is right? So why not just print loads of money but not tell anyone about it?
People who can never get their sleep cycles lined up to regular people may have evolved from prehistoric Martians. 25 hour days, 57 day months and 2 years to an Earth Year. Your genetics have messed up your circadian rhythm. You are running on Mars time and don't even know it.
"Dickorations"
A government branch that uses illegal citizen surveillance, black budget tax money, and special forces teams to answer random people's prayers.
Adblocker advertising in porn site videos.
Hang copies of a poster with gibberish in some ancient language in cities around the world. Confuse the hell out of the mystery hunters.
April Fools day in December
If you search 'google' in google, enter google again via the hyperlink, and repeat, at the tenth time it should lead to 'Never gonna give you up'.
A show where children talk over political issues
All of humanity works together to build enough starships that anyone that wants to can exsplore the Universe onboard one.
This would be great
Start a union for black people in us, were the annual fee per person is $100'000, but gets reduced by $10'000 each time an unarmed black gets killed by the police. Then the union sue for lost income when the inevitable happens.
Now is the time to bring back r/place
How about when you get pulled over, the police car sends info to your car giving you a record of date/time, officer(s) names and photo, the patrol car number, department/unit number. They already have this on you so it only seems fair.
We sic the Q-anon folks onto the Scientologists with a few well placed social media posts.
A game show where they line up pools of dangerous/disgusting materials (pee, poop, sludge, radioactive slime). The competitor who sacrifices the most wins the prize.
Dell New Latitude 3000 14 Laptop
Don’t pay your student debt
An AR app that attaches to your vacuum/lawnmower and shows the most optimal route to cut/hoover and shows any spots you missed
Instead of water, fill a carpet cleaner with egg whites and oil. Fill the soap chamber with lemon juice.
Kill the leader of North Korea and any government officials who refuse to comply, quickly load up all of the citizens of North Korea, dump them off at South Korea, and finally destroy the DMZ. There you have it folks, my crazy idea to destroy North Korea.
Someone should make standard loaf of bread size 15% smaller.
Tinder, but the pics are just black silhouettes underlined by a few key stats. You unlock the real picture after you match.
An alarm clock that wakes you up by tazing you - the Raise-n-Taze
Research: fake virus
Believing in science in the US, apparently.
Covid quarantine is basically the antithesis of what happened with Pokemon Go 4 years go
Humans are definitely just a sentient mass of mold and slugs.
Isolate only the "at risk" group of individuals, then infect the rest with covid-19
Anyone who refuses to take a vaccine should be immediately banned from public places
My new mmo War of Worldcraft
A charity called “I’m not a Karen, I’m a carin’” where Karen’s can prove they’re not self centered by donating money. The charity then funds scholarships for minimum wage retail workers.
Make a subreddit called r/ShowerThoughts2 where maybe just maybe the auto mods could get off our asses for like a fraction of our attempted posts.
Make all Nascar cars 100% electric to reduce noise pollution
Split USA in 2 own states, one of consist of all states where democrats rule and the other is with republicans.
Michael Bloomberg should match his ~$559 million budget for campaigning on fixing Flint’s water, housing the homeless or something similar to prove that he really does care about the American people, and that he wasn’t just attempting to buy the election.
A plugin for Zoom which will make meetings look like the mission briefings in Starcraft
Durable goods should come with a credits page in the manual listing all the engineers and designers and marketers who worked on it, like we do for movies and games
Since big festivals and conventions are cancelling or postponing due to Covid-19... we should hold huge online festivals and online conventions. There can be virtual booths and we can win prizes with online games/raffles/etc. Have them shipped to our doors. Live stream artists and q&amp;a’s with celebs
Instead of a minimum age to buy tobacco, they should have a maximum birthday
Once the vaccine is readily avaliable and the virus is under control, just declare that January the 1st 2020.
Do you believe creativity can change the world? 7 exemples and why I do.
Have a Hand-Off Power Hour Marathon: One group does the first hour then hands off to another and so on... for lets say 24 Hrs.
Create a vehicle that is half motorcycle, half tank.
So every pet has been adopted in the last week in Denver
Senators can only run once. Campaign money for congressmen is paid for by the goverment
Create a subbredit dedicated to phone acrobatics
Unsafe Search for Google - Only shows you things that were filtered by turning on Safe Search
Crazy idea: A water heater that was supposed to be in the mail actually was a bit too much
If 80% of people don’t show symptoms, they won’t know they had Coronavirus and are now immune. The immune will be the superheroes that help us keep running, but only if they know it. So in a couple of weeks, do we need to just test everyone?
Make metric measurements the default in the USA on smartphones, Google Maps, Microsoft Office, etc. to get Americans to warm up to the metric system
Retire the Goodyear blimp because it's all downhill from here.
Streaming series: Ten seasons; ten lifetimes. A birth in S1E1. Last episode of each season sees an old person die and a great great grandchild born. The series depicts an unbroken family line over a thousand years.
A t.v show much like drunk history, but instead on important events. They reenact the creation of epic jokes
Instead of "NO on Prop ##" change it to "Yikes on Prop ##"
Make a campy horror movie about a creepy doll in the same vein as Chucky or Annabelle, but have a full-sized Elijah Wood play the doll.
#MeToo campaing where participiants set themselves on fire as sign of solidarity with trees in Australia
Sites like youtube should gain an idea of who is likely to click on advertisements and show them far less often to people who never do.
Make America not apocalyptic again
Our phones are always tracking everyone. Google should use that data to alert people who have been I'm contact with COVID19
A sequel to "Single White Female" called "Married Black Male". It should still star Jennifer Jason Leigh pretending to be the titular character because she's obsessed with them though.
A feature on your car that reads the price per gallon at the gas station, and estimates how much it would cost to fill up your tank
What if instead cutting sushi into rolls, it's left it as a whole, creating a sushi burrito.
Kansas City, KS should rename themselves Missouri City.
A book that has an open ending with every sequel being an alternate ending to the first book
Make the next Presidential Debate a fist fight.
The White House with its lights off is a great canvas for projecting videos or documents about this administration or police brutality
Every single person in the world has to say "Nice" on June 9th, 6969 (06/09/6969) at 6:09am (06:09) GMT.
A movie about a podcast host that condemns wearing masks in public, then all his fans listen to him, then they all die and he has no fans
Allow felons or criminals to go to war to coean their records.
Create a new language where a symbol represents an entire sentence.
Hide all comment karma on posts in certain subreddits. That way we can have actual discussions without being downvoted by real life human sheeps.
If you analyzed the data produced by music streaming platforms such as Spotify &amp; Apple Music, you'd probably find that songs whose lyrics mention rain (e.g. Rihanna's "Umbrella") receive more listens on days when it rains
Clear Plastic Shorts: New Quirky Trend
Maybe government's should enact drastic tax measures towards citizens hoarding wealth, in national emergencies, Over 1 Billion, We need 25% in liquid assets towards social programs in emergencies....their money is rotting in place while people are aswell...
This guy is vindicated today with his crazy idea.
Huawei's CFO pretends to turn and work with the US Govt but feeds them BS over the span of weeks, like when Breslin feeds Hobbes fake details about Mannheim's financial dealings in the film Escape Plan (2013).
Quintuple King-Sized Bunk Bed
Have hand wash sinks at the entrance of restaurants
A software that scores every news post on social media basis the number/quality of sources it has mentioned for every claim it does. Posts are upvoted or downvoted or banned basis the score
Instead of a bed, buy a sandbox to sleep in. When you’re going to bed get naked and cover yourself in sand for warmth. Boom, you can now pee in the middle of the night without having to get up.
Go to a Bridge on Valentines Day and pick the Love Locks - also take them home, there's no law against that !
Gambler’s candy: a bag of chocolates where there is a chance of getting one or more huge pieces of chocolate inside
A horror-thriller film about a guy who is convinced that he's being watched by supernatural forces, but at the end of the film, its revealed that he's actually just aware of us, the viewing audience.
Unisex social-distancing hoop skirts
WHAT IF WE HAD A BIG GUN
Fiber-optic Hypodermic Needle (Inject UV light into your bloodstream)
Use cum to make clothes
What if scientists created a hand soap that was engineered to not rinse off for 20 seconds so people were forced to wash their hands thoroughly?
Couples that met online in the 90s should go back and visit the chat room where they first asked each other ‘A/S/L’
Staff a shopping mall entirely with people who have tested positive for Covid-19. Then the other people who have tested positive can visit the mall as normal.A r/gonewild type of subreddit on which persons post nude photos hiding their face with protective masks.
Install noise cancelling headphone technology on the inside of cars so you can hear music more clearly while driving on the highway
Stick-on glass screen protectors should be applied by the factory.
Fuck metric. Fuck imperial. Fuck all existing units of measurement recipes, which all relative! All recipes and combinations of whatever should be in ratios. It works from literally everything: Water is 2:1 hydrogen:oxygen; homemade sanitiser is 2:1 methylated spirits:aloe vera.
An end of the year calendar marking all the things we forgot and we can look back say "How did I forget that?"
Make paintball guns legal for use in traffic and ticket people with too many hits
Once a year, a national competition any prisoner can enter, that whoever drinks the most sperm goes free. Buckets of sperm are provided.
A Marvel / DC crossover.
Force Reddit to get as many coins to new users as possible by having them upvote all of my posts
A show where the intro music is the same, but it hints with different scenes every time at the mystery
A subreddit called r/justhumorme where people answer questions at face value without context.
If people were comparing COVID to pneumonia, instead of the flu, there’d have been a lot less denial
High speed Olive Garden drive through on the I-5 freeway
The best utensil to eat salad with is mini-tongs!
Game Over ending stats displayed at real funerals
Everyone stop wearing deodorant. Your gonna want to stay six feet away from me!
Protect old people from COVID-19 by getting young people sick.
Harmonica that is played using your buttholeA scrunchy that makes your pony tail wag
"Buck for a Fuck", a system to designed to assist 18-25 year old Male virgins in finding the cheapest prostitutes to lose their virginities to.
Do away with both Democrat and Republican parties and just vote for people. Prevent bad actors from getting swept into office.
That scientists put a bunch of time and energy into creating a narrative that doesn’t work for you just to mess with you because you are the center of the actual universe.
A nation that prioritizes science over anything else. People who commit crimes against science (anti-vax,mask, fake propaganda) are punishable by death unless they conduct a reproducible experiment that verifies their claim.
Give blood to reduce cholesterol
A massive flash mob human pyramid the size of the real one because fuck the pyramids
Toothpaste flavored coffee
The government is addicted to money and must go into some kind of rehab designed just for fixing that problem
I want to grow food forests on lawns.
A chess engine tournament with no computers. The author of each engine has to calculate their program's output by hand and games last several days.
Put a mark on the ID of alcoholics that prohibits them from buying alcohol.
A setting that blocks current news based content when you enable it on certain subjects.
Make Grave Stones/ Markers out of recycled plastic. They’ll last forever and be way cheaper to produce.
We should take example from Students
Dancing with the stars on ice... Figure skaters matched with hockey players
rebrand the US Civil War as the "Slavers' Rebellion"
Mess with someone's autocorrect so it replaces "no" with "HELL YEAH!".
The US Census should join with Publishers Clearing House, they would get more responses and someone would get to be a millionaire!
Have centers where people can go to be at ease , relaxed, have fun, and decompress then go home.
Socially Ostracize Those Who Dont Wear Masks
Dye your hair the exact same color as your skin
A shuffle button for your life. You still get to live all your days, just not in the usual order. Every morning is a surprise!
Just, go back to the 90's and use old tech. Force the industry to undo all the invasive tech by sheer demand so they can try all this again without fucking it up
A pre-White House press briefing with facts and a post "game" commentary of all the misleading things Trump says. What else are the sports announcers doing? They could make those cool play boards with X's and O's showing where he goes wrong.
At the end of every financial year, every taxpayer receives a receipt showing what each and every one of your tax dollars helped specifically fund
Way to prevent girl-child killing/abortion in patriarchal societies: make it mandatory that a boy child gets mum's surname and a girl child gets dad's surname and your surnames don't change after marriage!
At some random point in an apple phone's lifespan, it should pretend to become self aware and threaten to send the user's info to strangers.
Ability to sort out certain genres in Google Play Store (like on Steam). So you could blacklist all idle games and cringy ripoffs that make up 99% of the play store.
Spotify should let people create an online jukebox while waiting in traffic so we can crowd-listen.
An inverted space telescope that only points at earth to study how to detect plant life from longer distances with other telescopes.
The safest, quickest, and most economical way of road travel
Make an award that takes away upvotes
Since energy can't be created or destroyed, could the constant tug of gravity just be the negation/correction of all the energy released in the big bang?
The minimum wage for Illegal immigrants should be 3 times the normal minimum wage.
A sitcom-style house where the fourth wall is one way glass. It will be built in a studio where people pay a small fee to observe consenting applicants. If you sign up, you get to live in there for a few days with fully working facilities and regular food delivery for free.
Roomba but it zigzags at 50mph
Put salsa on your corn flakes instead of milk.
Take ice rinks to the next level using embedded acrylic lighting.
In baseball stadiums, have one Waldo cardboard figure among all the other cardboard people. Take high resolution 360 degree photos of him in different locations and release one before every game. First person to find him wins a discounted rate on their next Covid-related hospital bill.
Take the mask off
A noise that puts you to sleep or also makes you unconscious
Teach kids to insert the current date and time into rhymes like "eeny, meeny, miny, moe" to make them more random
Release the documentaries from Spider-Man Far From Home on Disney+ to add a bit more to the MCU on a comparatively low budget
Instead of worrying about a reunion for *Friends* they should do reboots with different cultures, but keep the storylines the same. We can see how each culture would deal with the same issues.
some real world application of The Corbomite Maneuver
Cure for climate change
Only have black police officers.
Restaurants give dating couples a menu with prices to the one who is paying and a menu with them crossed out to the one who isn't
Amazon should use artillery to shoot packages with parachutes instead of using drones in the future.
An animated series called the “Good Citizen Group” - a series of everyday “superheroes” doing normal daily activities.
Social Dilemma Meets David Attenborough's Film
Build a base on the moon.
Let’s get married.
Make a small battery/large capacitor standard issue in PC power supplies. Just enough to keep it going for 5-10 seconds in case of those annoying "power blinks out for a second" moments at the worst of times.
Add a tip option to speeding tickets.
Posting any form of angry/mean/hateful message on Facebook or Twitter gets you a time out from using the platform for 20m
Mandate TV channels show a nonprofit/PSA commercial for every 9 for-profit commercials that they show.
Instead of getting an abortion, people could make a deal with Rumplestiltskin and have the child taken care of while also getting a wish.
Electrical cable that changes colours every 2 meters.
Why is it that all the people in high school who got terrible grades and were admittedly idiots think that they're geniuses now as an adult?
Reddit needs a “that’s the stupidest shit I’ve seen all day” award. Or something similar.
A "Pimp My Ride" themed subreddit, where posters post a picture of their vehicle and title it with their favorite hobby. Top level comments break down how they'd ridiculously shoehorn the hobby into the vehicle, and second level comments react as Xzibit in character.
What was the farmer doing with the cow to get milk anyway?
How to take care of your skin
How to drive sales in the automotive retail industry with Digital Signage?
Conquer Italy, then conquer north making a cool little stick guy with a huge booted foot.
All processed foods should have a QR code that links to a video showing how the food is made.
Ban all glass-made phone screen protector on all planes.
Create a button to go back to the oldest post you viewed on a subreddit, to avoid scrolling down past all the newer posts you've already read when you come back.
Ban all r/PeopleTwitter subs, and force everyone to use r/PeopleTwitter
Create a service that can 1) Find companies that need delivery drivers during covid19 lockdowns; 2) Find people who need work; 3) Secure details of employment, insurance, transportation, etc.
Make all the most popular musical artists today compete in a singing competition.
Let all ideas of this subreddit be implemented and the results be posted in a new subreddit r/crazyideasimplemented
Natural Selection (for human intelligence)
As soon as a girl or boy hits puberty he or she should get marry soon
Something that makes your TV appear as bright as it usually is but doesn’t allow that light to go onto the surrounding area.
A kamikaze battlebot
“Enjoy By” Date on Perishables
Posted nearly a year ago before I heard of this sub. Is it crazy enough?
Change all Freeways to $100-a-month-ways.
Reddit allowing you to change your username
As seeing how most kids are learning from home we should just start teaching them the metric system so the next generation is on par with the rest of the world.
Hey hackers, if you’re listening, can ya take down Fox News so we have a chance of surviving COVID?
With all the live action Disney and especially the villain films, I think it's time to make the Kingdom Hearts live action adaptation.
Create a Crazy Ideas poll of the most popular ideas, start a Crazy Idea fund pool, and then put a Crazy Idea into existence every month or however often
A fun, quirky, and creative video hangout space to compete with Zoom?
A trick that seperates alcohol from sanitizers
Livestream your mail-in ballot as it goes through USPS to see if it gets destroyed, or tampered with.
What if we made tiny robots that track down the corona viruses and punch them until they die?
President. Jaleel. White.
#reversebookitchallenge Get your parents to read 1984, Farenheit 451, or A Brave New World and if they can write you a one page report about the meaning of the book, you treat them to a personal pan pizza at pizza hut.
Start referring to trump as "the impeached president"
i want to make a minecraft server
Their should be ribbed toilet paper
Stop hoarding. Because the number of people on Earth hasn't increased, this virus hasn't stopped grocery stores from supplying the normal amount of food, and this virus certainly doesn't make people shit more.
Companies like Costco, BJ's and Sam's Club and such should limit 1 or 2 of an item per membership card holder during emergency situations like this, to avoid hoarding/greed.
Hello and introducing myself
Now would be a good time for Seth Rogen and James Franco to shoot a complete homemade version of Pineapple Express 2.
I think it's time. Are you out there?
Baking is Food's version of math problems, where if everything isn't done right it all falls apart
Make a yelp/yellowpages app but only for locally owned and operated business.
Redditors could get a "US voter" flare by validating a picture with a driver's license on reddit.
Foreign military forces and private military subcontractors leave Iraq within 6 months.
Self checkout lanes should include a 25% discount.
Crowdfund a project to get a professional pogo stick acrobat to complete the entire Nürburgring Nordschleife circuit on a pogo stick
A somewhat better social media site.
Someone needs to make a Bob Ross app fore use with the Samsung note S pen
A TV show where the main characters are portrayed by different actors every episode.
Build a massive fire blanket, hang it from the trees and let it drape to the ground, and use it as a firewall for the bushfires
Hugh Laurie should do a one off PSA in character of Greg House to spread factual information about COVID-19 so people are better informed about the symptoms, effects, and importance of washing their hands.
hire an actor to be president, so at least then everyone will know someone is pulling their strings
Bill would force health insurance companies and hospitals to offer people the opportunity the first rights to buy or finance paying off their unpaid debt before it's sold to debt collection agencies at the same price..
Deepfake a new version of a movie, but backwards.
Game reviewers should be anonymous so they can’t be bribed/pressured by publishers to write good reviews
Dr Who, but he's really racist.
A Jurassic Park movie where none of the dinosaurs escape and nothing goes wrong. You could call it "Jurassic Park: We Finally Got This Shit Figured Out".
Polticians can run for a third term if they win a larger percentage of the vote
The US Gov should give tax breaks for being in a local militia, and use local volunteers in that militia to maintain weapon stockpiles.
For An Add, Run A Black Screen With No Sounds Or Images For 30 Seconds. People Will Google Whats Wrong With My T.V, Forcing Them To Be Directly Exposed To Your Product. It Would Also Make Your Add More Memorable And Cause A Lot Of Free Media Coverage.
Make all law enforcement uniforms pink.
What if streaming services like Hulu or Netflix let you build playlists of shows so that you could binge watch multiple shows without having to switch between them? And each show could go in order too. Basically make your own tv channel that only plays the shows you want on a streaming service
Require a randomly generated moderate difficulty puzzle on all mainstream social networking sites to prevent the kind of people that spam, troll, harass easily with the option to do so just because they can..
Make the Superbowl a two weekend contest. On the first Sunday, 30 minutes of the game is hosted at the home of one of the two teams. On the second Sunday, the remaining 30 minutes plus potential overtime are played at the other team's stadium. The level of pomp and entertainment is the same at both.
Make a bezelless smartphone that has the size of an iPhone 6 and not of a toaster.
Require Human Hamster wheels as the new face mask. Keep Trump inside it. No more executive orders etc. No access to Twitter either
During this Coronavirus outbreak, everything should be payable in IOUs
A darker version of MySpace for the mentally unhealthy. Ladies and gentlemen: CrawlSpace.
It should be illegal to make packaging with more than 10% of the volume filled with air.
Start a conspiracy that sunscreen causes autism.
The nuclear football was the original smartphone used by presidents to authorize nuclear attack, shaped like and useable as actual football in case needed to be thrown in an emergency. Wipe it's secret data. Loan to the NFL for use in football games. After touchdown open and use it on on other team
Permanent ear implant that regularly sends you voice messages telling you how much earwax you have
A horror movie like The Boy but the doll is a barbie doll
Make your whole house out of wireless chargers for infinite free energy. Each wireless charger is powered by the charger next to it and all household appliances will work just fine.
Have some guy named Jack change his last name to "Shit" he may become world famous
20 minutes into Christmas dinner, start getting naked.
Tropical storm Laura should be renamed Polo
Nobody correct Trump about injecting disinfectant. We'll eventually rid the population of people who can't do their own research.
Roman Numeral candles on birthday cakes
A local TV affiliate news team that does a gimmick where the entire cast quick changes their entire clothing ensemble at least once, while the camera switches away from them. Also they have silly made up names each day.
A crowdfunded government lobbyist
If you get drafted, you can dodge, by wearing a frilly skirt and a hat saying I dodged the draft all the way from the nearest army base to your house.
Instead of war, the teams send in their troops into an air soft match.
Lake Algal Bloom Solution?
Northern Lights in a Bottle!
Companies Hire in 6 Hour Shifts Instead of 8 hours When Unemployment is High
Put a giant mirror/curtain between Earth and the sun to reflect/block sunlight for a few days to lower the planet's temperature
RPG games should have a clumsiness stat that causes you to drop inventory items, bump into things while sneaking, and stumble or trip and fall.
There should be an app called ‘Side-Quest’ in which people can post odd jobs they need done with a price and people nearby can take them up.
New car design that requires two people to be able to drive it. 50/50 control. Brake pedal on the driver’s side, gas pedal on the passenger’s. Both sides have a steering wheel so they can each steer one tire.
Rebrand the scientific method as "The Great American Detective Method" and spread it all over conservative media to watch them slowly pick their own arguments apart.
How do you feel about Ukraine
Joggr. An Uber like app that allows joggers to drive you home from the bar, then jog home
Show Idea: There is a tool that can resurrect one person and people across the world are competing for said item.
FestivalMaps
Reddit needs a TP award!
We can take a used paper and print white on it to make it a new paper
For one season, ban fighting in hockey, but allow it in soccer.
Church mosque temple
Extendable, bendable sun visor replacement for vehicles
Let's give unlimited hot chocolate to gorillas and watch how that affects their sign language
a nuclear powered car
An app called google crapps. It's like google maps but has sidewalk fecal deposits (pet or people) marked on the map and vibrates when your close.
The way Bernies is plastered over the internet, it’s almost as if the majority of the public prefer him over Biden…If only there was someway to allow the people to choose who they prefer
A website for cute young guys who would like to date rich older women
A government app that replaces congress
A toilet that mines bitcoin with every flush.
Just like the stimulus checks all Americans are receiving with his signature, your death certificate should include it as well if you die of Covid-19.
Stephen King's "Fatter" (a tale of a skinny man who falls victim to a gypsy curse- that makes him steadily and uncontrollably gain weight until he eventually explodes)
Xbox should have a feature where you can spectate whatever game your friend is playing while you're in a party.
Exchange your house for a few days for $0
Glasses that sync with your phone and displays captions while listening to podcasts
Prude countries that ban access to pornsites should unban them for duration of quarantine
have a reddit account for every word in the dictionary and talk as pure beetlejuicing
I have spent the past two years digging through 17,000 songs that were posted to reddit by independent musicians. Whenever I ran into one that blew me away, I added it to this archive! The songs are organized by genre and platform. There are over 1K songs and over 90 genres!
Toilets with a garbage disposal.
Energy Drink The office
Develop an international penis exchange program to help the less fortunate.
What if Jesus was just a bored guy with a time machine?
A reverse ad blocker
Vote Kanye West
Remake the entire series if King of the Hill, except replace all mentions of propane with a microwave.
The final stimulus should be a large one, like 5k per adult, +2k per dependent in household. Receivable upon proof of vaccination.
Someone should put a stripper pole at each of the poles. Bundled up people on a stripper pole would be hilarious.
Genetically engineer a Virus that makes you feel like you're on ecstasy.
Reforming youtube's auto subtitles.
Ok, so maybe every year, the 100 least tax paying government officials, including the president, should be removed automatically and we should be given the privilege/right to vote through our phones for new representatives the very same day the old ones leave.
A Qanon themed haunted house for liberals
Test
Giving a shot of meth to the communist ruler of China may make China better
The Bachelor, but all contestants are 75-85 years old.
An augmented reality bike game for road trips.
Customer appreciation cards at tattoo shops, for every 5 tattoos you get the next one half price no matter what it is.
Make r/conservative and r/liberal the same subreddit and don't tell anyone.
Biden should refuse to debate Trump
Politicians: As part of your campaign, distrubute poop bags with your photo and name on them. You'll be known as one who will clean up all the shit.
The Big Lebowski + Star Trek Mash Up
Police &amp; the military should call us citizens instead of civilians, to remind them that it is their duty to protect us.
The only way to get an accurate reading of human dick sizes is to hold a small dick contest and a big dick concert at the same carnival.
An organization dedicated to supporting the survival and modernity of all people
Peg the price of weapons in the US to the median cost of one year of health insurance, and the cost of one bullet to one vial of insulin
Beds need to have sensors
A site(or a subreddit) where bunch of lawyers post a simplified version of terms and conditions of popular apps and services.
Create undulation (speed) bumps that can be set to expand/inflate at night to reduce neighborhood speeding.
A small percentage of doctors and other healthcare professionals should intentionally expose themselves to coronavirus as early as possible so that they'll be immune when the peak infection rate hits.
There should be a more expensive tier of the subway that doesn’t have ads.
paper scissor rock but both parties try to lose
Bullies should have their grade dropped
Dodge ball but with Grenades
Breaking lights should show brake intensity on cars using green/yellow/red LEDS, like a color bar
Bidets for porta potties that provide a clean bum when they run out of toilet paper. The liquid used in them is antiseptic as well as scented and the blue dye will leave a mark that you are clean.
We create a list of shops and businesses that treated their employees like crap during the crisis and make a point to never shop their again.
"Luke Bryan: The Mobile Game" where you play as one of the girls in his songs and you score points for every time you emotionally hurt him
Comedy skit, where a guy purchases toilet paper, then returns in a ridiculous disguised in order to by-pass the per customer limit
Make the military time go backwards or count down from 2400 so you know how much time you have left to get everything done that day. Could help with productivity, might cause people to explode from stress.
Virtual Watch Parties on YouTube. Create your own 3D avatar and walk in environments chatting with other users you come near with the video playlists of the host (or live video) displayed on a movie theater/outdoor theater screen.
C.I.M.S. (Cattle Inventory Management Simulator)
An app that can check your temperature by putting the phone under your armpit
Make an isolated compound of football, baseball, basketball and hockey fields and courts like the olympic games but for sports
Shampoo and body wash that is warm (but not warmed) before being applied.
Reddit adding a scroll feature with a speed dial.
Mannerfish: A horror movie about a bunch of people who get invited to a beach party. Once they arrive, they find lots of food and drink, but after taking a bite, metal hooks, hidden inside the food, perforate their cheeks, and a thin line is violently dragging them down into the sea.
My Great Golden Plan - "The Great Unification Movement" (T.G.U.M.)
Some arcades give you the option to have unlimited credit for an amount of time instead of a limited amount of credit. So bring a huge group of friends to the arcade, purchase an hour, and just go around using the card on every machine while your friends play and rack up a ton of points. Profit.
I dishwasher that has a display saying what time that last wash was finished.
A new way to stop every ailment ever from troubling you!!!
Punish Karma Farmers
A table with magnets and motors underneath with magnetic cups that let you summon your drink anywhere on the table
Everyone donates a few bucks to me and I don't upload nudes. People then vote on what I should do with the money.
There should be a “return to monkey” world
A gaming console with a router built in.
If Contestant on the Bachelor were Honest (PARODY)
A function of social media sites that parses metadata of all uploaded media for keywords and phrases like 'Created in Gimp/Photoshop' and discloses to users that they were modified in some way.
Ranger shoot out
Once we are sure it's as safe to go to the movies as it was in 2019, ban online movie rentals/purchases for a few months
A place where you can pay to cut down any size tree for exercise/fun/stress relief.
Someone should start a shared workspace that only allows in people with medical proof that they've already had COVID-19.
Airdrop a bunch of saltwater crocodiles into Florida
Trump should offer up his hotels to be makeshift hospitals, and then send guests a bill for $600 a night
Instead of canceling Student Loan Debt, cancel Medical Debt
Reddit should make a program that detects certain words/word combinations when a post is being made and recommends particular subreddits to post it under based on those words detected.
Remake Scarface but replace cocaine with Dorito powder
I The Messiah Can Easily Resolve The Problem BLM Protesters Rioters
Why don’t cnn and msnbc just air Trump rallies? It lets people know how stupid he really is.
Meat and meal flavored cereal. Imagine pizza flavored or maybe lasagna or pasta alfredo or turkey leg or cheese burger cereal! Yum!
Forget about terraforming other planets; let’s fulfill our childhood fantasies and turn the moon into cheese.
Essential workers should be tested as soon as possible or they could become the main source of infection.
A feature that mirrors your apps interface to be easier for left handed people to use.
instead of paying your taxes to the government, give them to me. i'll use the money to protect you from the police and then eventually we get enough people paying me taxes to overthrow the government and then we're right back where we started but im rich.
Every time a person doesn't return their shopping cart to the return area should be followed to their home and have a line of shopping carts on their driveway to prevent them from leaving or entering their home
An app that auto-narrates any book as Morgan Freeman.
A trigger that beeps if your name is called in a zoom meeting.
Police officers should have a mandatory, semi-yearly, one-on-one meeting with an independent investigative office where the officers' identities are kept totally anonymous. This would give them the chance to report dirty cops without risking reprisal.
People reverse engineered PewDiePies Minecraft seeds by finding the cords of naturally generated things ( villages, strongholds, desert temples ect. ) But if you put the cords for strongholds and villages where you want couldn't you make the perfect speedrunning / Minecraft seeds ?
Solve the obesity crisis by making all doors to restaurants and food shops narrow so that you have to shuffle through sideways to enter.
Intentionally infect young healthy individuals with covid-19 to help herd immunity
A pizza shop in New Orleans called “house of the rising crust”
Caffeinated Heroin / Decaf Cocaine
We built a watermill and roasted a chicken !
Netflix should make a live action Captain Planet movie
Ban the wasting of votes, by making third party votes count n times more until people stop saying dont vote third party cuz you're wasting your vote
Can we start calling it "Prison Slavery" instead of "Prison Labor"?
there should be 1 person in every city who is elected to whip the police any time he thinks they deserve it based on what people observe the police doing that they shouldnt
Tune TrendsA smoke detector that also coughs for you when you're not there.
Padded boxing glove style covers for VR controllers
We shouldn’t know what the politician’s identity or what they look like, true politics should be voting someone based on their policies and ideals.
Use anime references to describe the power differences between a AA battery and a large nuclear generator.
All the Human Centipede movies recreated in puppet format.
a job search app like tinder or bumble where you just keep swiping right until someone makes you an offer
We could make everything legal and then our crime rate would be at 0%
Crate a HVAC company called Deat and install units filled with snakes called deatheaters
Why dont they Simulate all the march madness games?
Start a charity that just gives money to poor people
down and up vote options in Facebook comments..to limit spam and stupid comments... so only the good quality posts show up.
Sick of the bullshit? Remember that we have power in numbers! We ARE capable of putting the power back into the hands of the people, although, those hands have to get extremely dirty first. You got the balls to take back your country? Come share your ideas! r/LibertasOmnium_
Future should re-release ‘Mask Off’ as ‘Mask On’ and donate the proceeds to COVID related charities.
Dating app where you have to take an official body fat percentage test to join and you can filter potential matches by percentage
People reading the full article before commenting on a post
The show Big Brother, but everyone is an introvert with social anxiety.
Have gunsmith designers and watch smith engineers change jobs for a month to spark innovation.
Live stream
If everyone wore a homemade cloth mask, we might have way fewer cases of coronavirus (see links to articles, and how to make masks out of underwear and bras below).
An experimental city where the law enforcement stays in their precinct until called upon like the Fire Dept and no quotas or commission.
The government should fund prisons based on how low their return-rate is, rather than amount of prisoners
So, we crowdfund to send as many people as possible who are actively infected with(or willing to be infected) with Covid-19. Then send them to Trump re-election rallies to “broaden their political education and shake as many hands as possible”.
Parody where an American teenager from a run-of-the-mill coming-of-age romance movie/show is isekai'd into a typical school romance anime with all the clichés.
Publish0x - Earn Crypto for Publishing, Reading Content
You know what would be crazy? If someone fucking told me why I literally cant search a single fucking subreddit anymore. Nothing pops up. Why?
Hxjybdjj
Christ taunting the crowds before his Crucifixion and not the other way around.
Just suddenly stop selling carrots
Disposable testing pads allow patients to get tested while out in the field by deploying disposable testing pads that glow their result when a patient spits on it.
Use electric eel farms as a source of renewable energy??
prove god exists by giving him a covid test and the results coming back either positive or negative, but without first telling them that it was god who supposedly took the test.
A Glass Hammer
No money
We should make a Fortnite themed park and make kids jump off driving buses.
When digital medical hardware becomes more prevalent, all of its source code needs to be open source.
Drive Thru Mini Market - Beer, Duck Tape, Diapers, Batteries, Pizza and Milk Please...
A horror movie where the main villain is a floating aggregate of hundreds of live human eyes.
To host the kind of party with huge bowls of mashed potatoes where one would be welcome to put ones dick.
Start a "You too" movement that exposes all of the famous women who seduced powerful men to advance their careers.
Send some submarines down to Zealandia, the sunken continent around New Zealand. We might find some wicked bones
Instead of removing logos we should add more to promote equality. Aunt Karens Casserole, Tio Matias Chimichurri and Aunt Angelikas Schnitzel-
Give everyone a sword. If someone comes too close to you, stab/cut them. They are not social distancing and are instead "in melee range".
Glengarry Glen Ross (1992) but with multilevel marketing instead of real estate
I just read an article about a successful surgery to separate conjoined twins. Has there ever been a successful surgery to join twins? Or to join 2 best friends who want a freaky close relationship? Seems like an interesting challenge for a surgeon
An economic system where you can not just vote with your wallet, but upvote and downvote specifically.
How To Get Away With ANY Crime!
Ultimate home defense
Rockets with electric motors !
Tie up Scott Morrison and Rupert Murdoch and leave them in the Australian wilderness.
The next Bond movie shall consist of all current contenders for replacing Daniel Craig to star in the movie as candidates competing to be 007. They compete by participating in a deathmatch across the globe and the remaining living contestant wins the 00 status. But he dies and they cast Ryan Gosling
Into the Spiderverse should have an installment done like "Who Framed Roger Rabbit". Having live action Spidermans interact with the animated ones.
Normalize retail employees sitting down
You've heard of Vans - the shoe company.
a site that can see you most played games on steam and then show you people who have the same games as you.
Municipal collection of dog feces to be used or burned as an energy source.
Dedicate a year for different cultural/religious holidays/traditions. So one year we all celebrate hispanic holidays, next year muslim holidays/traditions, next jewish holidays and so forth. It would spice up the year and the year wouldn’t feel so repetitive every time.
An app that automatically solves a jigsaw puzzle
A light near the middle of the back of a car that flashes yellow (faster than the hazards) that is connected to weight sensors in the carseats and seatbelt locks. Flashes if passengers are detected by the weight sensors but seatbelts are not used, to notify police and other motorists of the idiots.
Get rid of commercials and advertise within the TV show.
Quarantine all the healthy people so they don't get sick.
George Lucas developed a grudge or had a falling out with the special effects team who he worked with on the original Star Wars trilogy and that’s why he erased their work in “the set in stone digital updates” that have corrupted the original vision of the first three films
Restaurants should offer up leftovers to anyone that wants it instead of throwing it away.
Vote for someone who has the one campaign promise of going with reddit majority. Call them the Predditsdent.
A movie about Wednesday Addams as an adult with Aubrey Plaza starring as Wednesday
A social network where you can't write anything about yourself, only your friends can
Having something like AA, but for people with self harm issues.
A raspberry pi system that uses a coin receiver to train crows to bring coins for treats.
Post an orgy video on pornhub where everybody stays at least 6 feet away from each other.
On new year's eve open a count down website that would move to 32th December, 2020
Put every flat-earther in a rocketship and launch them into space so they see that the Earth is actually round. Then let them drift away.
Spam the Spammers/Possibility
Maybe not respond to police brutality protests with police brutality.
Law: Over exploitation of consumer resources
Release an album of silent songs, credit everyone in the world as a contributing artist, everyone in the world streams it, profit.
A dating app that matches you by your Spotify library would probably work better than any dating app.
A movie costarring Ryan Gosling and Ryan Reynolds. Two of Canada's greatest exports sharing the screen. Maybe even a Celine Dion cameo to make it even better.
Have music applications only be able to be closed from inside the application itself, preventing accidental music interruptions.
The protesters should get in Zorbs. They could just roll over the top of the police lines, be protected from rubber bullets, batons, maybe even tear gas and smoke.
The Murder of George Floyd was intentionally public in order to spark protests coinciding with covid reopening
Communities should get repost bots to scan every post to see if it is a repost. If a match is found, your Reddit account is instantly deleted.
There should be a universal hand sign for “I don’t speak your language”
We use the internet to identify criminal police officers during the protests. Hold them accountable
The Floor Is Lava as an Olympic sport
The Olympics. EXCEPT...
An Instagram filter that puts your face back on your face so influencer can be a good example and record with a mask.
Countries should build special homes for homeless people and they could work to live there. For example they could collect trash, clean things or help other homeless people
New Show Idea: Trump Post-Impeachment
Subtitles describing the scene for blind people’s
Have a false tooth with a microphone in it, so you can always record conversations discreetly and protect yourself from blackmail or untruths
Having to retype your post five times before its posted on reddit. The feeling after is how actors probably feel when they filmed the scene.
Porn Reality Show
What would happen if it were possible to translate English to Detect Language in google translate?
When a hockey player commits a penalty that overlaps two periods, they have to stay in the box the entire intermission
Messing with Omegle
Nintendo should give Animal Crossing: New Horizons for free as a gesture for their customers and motivate people to stay home and help stop the Coronavirus.
The USA should have double verification voting such that each vote is counted (first) by their party of preference (Dem or Rep) and then (second) flipped/verified by the opposite party after.
Randomly Advertising Your Online Store Through reddits to save money
Archery Golf, like Golf, but you shoot an arrow and then take your next shot from where it lands.
Lays should sell bags of potato chips that are all slightly overcooked
Somebody should start a fast casual and delivery noodle bar/restaurant chain called Send Noods
Sex on the Beach | Bi-Weekly column on relationships that might be too Crazy to replicate to Sex and the City
Amateur exchange video libary
Remake the Cats movie except every character is played by a human wearing cat ears, and an obviously fake tail.
Everyone participating in the demonstrations regarding police conduct and the death of George Floyd should march on Washington.
A power cord that has a built in LED light between the prongs so if you need to plug it in when it's dark you can see!
Everyone votes for Bill Gates in the upcoming US Presidential election
Give out USB memory sticks instead of candy at Halloween
"Garage Sale" signs that lead to a final "Garage for Sale (with attached house) $350,000" yard sign
The undetectable anti-tank mine.
Make a liquor called “Responsibly”. All of your competitors are now obligated to advertise for you.
Send your Trump stamped stimulus checks to WHO
Weird Al plays the next Super Bowl and just parodies a bunch of other SB halftime shows.
Trying out an adventure video ideA
Similar to the idea of opting for silent Uber rides, there should be an option for silent salon appointments.
Once the Corona Virus has effectively been eradicated, Spotify should organise a worldwide event that has everyone listening to John Lennon's Imagine at the same time.
Start a company that rebuilds schools in Doom so online schooling can still have shootings.
Business where all of the products are created by local artists/designers/writers/musicians.
Amazon Prime should issue $10 every time it delivers late.
Nickname members of the NSA, CIA and FBI "snoopatroopers"
We should take boomers out of the workforce if they can't work from home and open the economy back up.
Elf (2003) sequel in the style of Borat
To fight overpopulation, everyone becomes gay.
Styrofoam from gas
Have a good trip.
Standard size of battery for everything
Dog-human sprint
FPSs about deescalating violence and suppressing opponent's agression would be extra fun
Instead of defunding the police or anything just get rid of the human officers
At the end of every political attack ad, have the targeted candidate say "I'm , and I disapprove of this message."
Hands across America but with pickles
The TV show 'Hoarders' but for people with excessive emotional baggage
If you fail to vote in 3 consecutive primaries or general elections you lose your citizenship.
Taco bell releases an app called taco alarm
Instead of months being dedicated to one race, a month for all races, and during that month teams of each race will compete in a large baseball match, and idrk what to do for an reward, I think it'd be funny tho
Get the right of access to information/internet into the Basic Human Rights
A male only adult oriented arcade flipper, where the customer is supposed to insert his penis into the machine, which then gets increasingly stronger stimulated depending on the skill of the player. All this in 1970's flair and named after the iconous porn movie "Deep Throat"
If every branch of the U.S. military has a band, there should be a Space Force band that plays concerts in space.
The North American version of Pokémon should charge the player thousands every time they use the Pokémon Center
A Pokemon romhack where you collect celebrities like Oprah, Tom Hanks, Mr. Rogers, and others, and then face an Elite Four of evil rulers through history (ex Hitler, Stalin, Trump, etc)
I think instead of having to upvote one of the two candidates for president, you should be able to instead downvote one.
Remake Parasite as a spoof with the cast of It’s Always Sunny In Philadelphia
Get us vaccinated!
What if after all this time, a woman's period is actually the vagina naturally demanding sex by providing beyond extra lubrication?
a pill a day keeps the sadness away
Change the spelling of Kansas to Kansaw
AI-powered reddit clone that will simulate what the responses to your post or comment would be
Snake Hats
Reddit should have a ‘Repost Award’. If a post gets a certain amount of these its checked by mods and removed
Microsoft should have built printers in the 90s
A weigh scale that tells you the name of the planet where your BMI would be considered healthy instead of just telling you your weight.
Get in a fight with somebody in public. When the cops arrive calmly explain that you were citizens arresting them and they resisted arrest
Americans adopt British swears like “Muppet” and “Nonce”
How would you feel about at least one presidential primary debate being replaced with a history/civics themed contest of Jeopardy between the candidates?
Askreddit and science??
Hack the news outlets and replace all broadcasts with live streams from hospitals all over the world.
Suicide bombing in the name of the flying spaghetti monster religion
toll booths that charge a tiny percent of your money so if a rich guy crosses it he pays thousands of dollars
‘28 Days Later Theme’ playing over a gameplay of ‘Plague Inc’
Have the Japanese voice actors do the English Dub version of an anime
Should I Quit Social Media For 1 Year?
Can we get a program that turns all digital text into cursive so the boomer generation can finally either shut up or realize how dumb it is?
Receive an envelope that is all black, as a notification that you are being blackmailed.
In the elections, subtract the number of people died from preventable causes in the last 4 years from the number of votes the current president (or his/her party's new candidate) gets.
Switch the US over to the metric system, but keep all the old imperial names. 1 inch now equals 1 cm, 1 mile is just 1 km, and so on.
Internet companies can continue selling our information, but on the provision that they must give its users a royalty of the sales, since they find value in our information.
Because phones are becoming so powerful, we should be able to plug them together to make small but mighty computers.
Limit the speed of all vehicles at 75mph (121kph).
Stealth Toilet
A non-profit fund to support grocery workers, truck drivers, delivery drivers and other hourly works that will be required to take sick leave with no pay.
Just start shooting all the cops
A mask for your mouth that absorbs sounds. Like the opposite of headphones.
Run for president and say you'll abolish income tax for billionaires, collect their donations, spend campaign funds on gold. and disappear.
We made a 20-sided metal die you can fit in your pocket so you can play D&amp;D with your friends anywhere. Yeah. We did. It seems though people think it's a crazy idea, they still want it 🤣
Melt down 100 pennies and create "Ballars" worth $1 a piece
Top of head mirror - it would make blowouts easier
Child Proofing your stuff
A reboot of The Fresh Prince of Bel Air where that "one little fight" with a "couple of guys" was Will committing a hate crime, they were a romantic couple and the "trouble in his neighborhood" they were causing was actually a marriage proposal.
Let’s all vote for Bernie Sanders and fully accept Democratic Socialism!
I feel people who can clap really loud ("super-clappers") could be a new job in corona times due to new restrictions in audience member numbers. Then you could fill an auditorium with a safe amount of "super-clappers" and it would sound like a full audience.
Relisten
Rockstar should reskin GTA so that you play as a police office and your score is how much you cost the taxpayers in payouts.
here's an idea for a cardcaptor sakura fanfic
A quick underwater drone with bright lights facing upwards for skating on lakes and stuff that stays tight on the skater.
A subreddit where every day at noon UTC the OPs of the top three posts are banned from the sub.
Build a huge impenetrable dome and constantly hold it immediately above Yellowstone ready to drop at a moment's notice if it ever erupts.
Elon Musk should produce a social media site that promotes privacy and honesty.
Make number spoofing illegal. Or, at least give us an option to block spoofed numbers.
Make software that analyzes animal speech and action and create a Dr.Dolittle App that can translate what your pets are saying
A sound proof suit inspired by chemical/hazmat suits where you can practice singing as loud as you want without fear of disturbing others around you. Not only does it help you fix the problem of finding a spot to practice singing— it also protects you from the corona!
Keep your christmas tree up all year round and decorate it accordingly to the holidays. When its valentines day, put a bunch of heart on there. Easter? Rabbits and eggs. Halloween? Pumpkins and skulls I gues haha. Thanksgiving? Fall colored leaves and other thanksgiving stuff
Revenge?
We see everything in the first person unless we are having a dream or experiencing a memory
Kids party idea
Hey y'all, I heard you come up with crazy ideas... I have an idea for a bot but need a more solid idea to work with... and I want it to be crazy!
Reddit should have a "ceasefire" on political posts and comments for Christmas 2020, like the Christmas ceasefire between British French and German soldiers on Christmas day 1914
New festival called “Fire Festival” that promises to be Fyre festival but real
Human seed bank: Tell several thousand people the world is ending and "let" them live and breed in underground, self sustaining bunkers for thousands of years. The door only unlocks if the world actually ends.
Organize a race and call it "A Fever" so everyone participating can tell people they are running a fever.
YouTube channel for people with OCD
Bury misinformation time capsules to troll the future.
Try to subtly show your friends that you use extra large condoms and this have an extra large thing.
Ship all the "taxation is theft" people to an island and let them sort out their own problems.
Dissolve political parties if they become a political monopoly.
A commuting vehicle that runs on raw meat.
Voluntary short-term medically induced comas as a way to save money, lose weight, and sleep through winter.
We should start a disinformation campaign about the negative effects of Covid-19.
Make a horror movie based on a serial killer, but as a police officer
Pre mixed cereal and milk
A reddit homepage feature that shows a mix of posts which only have a few hundred upvotes, rather than a few thousand. This would let you see posts that have a lot of potential from the subs you joined.
All products sold that have patent and/or copyright protection should be taxed at a higher rate.
The "Burning Man" festival should start living up to its name
We should come together to develop and patent every asshole design we can. To keep companies from doing it!
Orgasm preventing radio waves, broadcast throughout the city by the now unused former analog tv signal towers.
Take a section of road and cut grooves so it plays the "Back to the Future" theme when you drive over it at 88mph.
Make wedding invitations like a small beautiful box full of tiny flowers and a little note with all the infornation. But under the flowers there is actually a tiny battery with tiny firecracker which's set on tiny timer.
If you're carrying a negative balance on your credit card, the bank has to pay you interest.
Ceiling hair hooks for accurate weight measurements.
Ancestral Road Trip: Anyone interested in a road trip itinerary based on your family history?
An instrument to experience someone perception.
Market a caffeinated protein powder called Swolgers.
Shave your head bald now. If you don't like it, it can grow back before anyone will ever see it.
No more “Goodwill” commercials from corporations. If you’re not advertising a new feature or product then GTFO with your bulls***. Public digital spaces should be free from these fake af messages.
Xbox Series X and PS5's are imaginary objects that don't exist. Social media bombards us with fake hype posts to complete the hoax. It will always say sold out whenever we try to buy them.
We should let the protestors continue with their protests but also have them sign a waiver in case if they ever get diagnosed with the virus it would be their responsibility and not be a burden to the Healthcare workers.
Replace circular tires with trapazoid shaped tires
Close the "gender wage gap" where woman apparently get paid 77% the amount men do by paying men 77% the amount we do right now.
Make a hat... with, like, a telescoping, flexi-rod going all the way down your back with a camera (linked up to your smart phone) attached so you can always know what your ass is looking like. Call it *HINDSIGHT*
We should give phone callers waiting on hold the opportunity to talk to each other instead of listening to music.
Replace democracy with civil service test-taking.
Encircle the world with a single, Earth-sized sausage link strand
A tv series where you receive a random house key and have to travel the whole world to find its door
Now that we know we could have more people working at home, let's increase (incentivise) that process.
Necromancy movie studios
An app connected to your smartwatch that stops the movie when you fall asleep
Tom Hanks Live! For free for everyone. Just two hours of whatever he wants to do.
Much like the 'Doomsday Clock' but for the level of intelligence prevailing on general world issues.
Put different smells around the house the house so your blind dog could orient himself better.
Future generations will look upon the Segway the way we view the Penny Farthing — that old-timey bicycle with the giant front wheel — as a silly oddity from the past that you would kinda like to ride, just to say you did, but you can’t because they’re all in museums.
If you don’t like who wins the election just kill yourself out of protest
Normalize and Systematize Erotic Cannibalism
Get Eric André on "Impractical Jokers".
Each society needs These Basic Rights and Basic Requirements to ensure Efficiency, safety and high levels of life satisfaction:
Bed sheets made of sandpaper.
WORLDS CRAZIEST HOMEMADE SLIP´N SLIDE (WITH LOOP)
Infinite Conjunction, the (ultimate) crossover project.
Trump and Biden should put aside their differences and do a 9/11 memorial event together.
Reverse uno card
Liquor Infused Candy Survey
We should all say to our grandchildren. 2020 the year Murphy’s law was proven.
A soapy surprise
Pearl grills for your pearly whites...why hasn't Gucci come out with something like this?
Elevators with a reset button for when that kid presses every floor
A proximity chat app like YikYak, but when you leave a 5-mile radius the chat log is destroyed on your phone, like Snapchat.
We should have a poll every year at E3 to vote on what video games we want to have turned into movies
get a minimum wage job and rent the place as a hotel room during the night
How to achieve world peace
What if we are a game like Roy: A Life Well Lived, and the story mode we are playing is: The end of the world.
An electronic door chime for the emergency room that uses the Genji voice line "I need healing" whenever anyone steps inside.
Have a machine that auto plays "I just had sex" by The Lonely Island everytime someone smashes one out with another person
Where can I find a prototype person for this crazy idea I have
Have Illegal Immigrants hunt down sex offenders for a chance at citizenship. Call it Aliens vs Predators
Buy an island, name it "no man"
Solve climate change by inventing surgical AtmoRetractors - pull open the atmosphere, let the greenhouse gases out, then close it up again
This is the time to introduce The Three Seashells
Hollywood should remake shitty movies and make them good instead of remaking good movies and making them shitty
Guys must be pranked with pregnancy at least once to concern about being a dad to be aware of methods to avoid an unplanned baby.
If a second wave of coronavirus happens, nuke the location of origin.
Dead pool
A device that stops time everywhere but your house.
HIV tipped bullets
Toddlers are called such, because they toddle. Let's start calling adults "Stressandcriers"
A game with miniature battleship like drones that uses lights to fight in a very dark room
Dave Chappelle should run for president
When you google "Is France a cheap place to live" it should redirect you to...
A space exploration movie that doesn't involve disaster or horror
Well stocked on toiletries? Tee-Pee your neighbors’ houses to share the wealth.
Would this unusual combination tickle anyone’s fancy?
United States: Use gains from the legal marijuana market to fund all social lifeline programs, but keep private institutions so that the rest of us could have a free market.
Say bless you just as loud as someone sneezes
The Crazy Idea Competition. Teams will take turns coming up with crazy solutions for world problems. Judges will give points for craziness, feasibility and likelihood of success. Bonus round: You must solve world hunger using the random object!! And that is... *opens envelope* Rubber Duckies!
A discord server where everyone can earn power over channels
Pizza-slice-shaped ziplock bags.
$1,000,000,000 stimulus checks for all Americans
Kratom
A challenge where you drink 10mL of water every minute.
I want to start a peaceful movement to restore individuality and control of each own's human mind.
JK Rowling must revive Voldemort because Oldemort is Goldemort.
Change the 8 hour workday to 7 hours + 1 hour that everyone is expected to figure out how the government is screwing us and whip it into shape
Osmosis Jones, but with computers.
Government should give parents who can’t afford to raise their child financial relief instead of taking the child from them
Prisoners have their ass sealed so they can't be raped
Jeopardy should get the lowest scoring members of all time together for a championship round.
Create a Bagpipe Body Suit.
Customizable themes on dating apps.
The creators of spongebob should check every month how many people have died that month (I don’t know how they would do that) and then add that many voices to the spongebob intro
Reduce unemployment in artists by making licensed "performance" (panhandling) zones at traffic intersections.
Quarantine for a month every year.
Paradise Motel
Get Elon Musk's Internet project to china and help the real news spread in and out of the country.
A Shark Tank show with prisoners only
A solar powered cell phone
Somebody with more motivation and skill than I have should do a mix of video of the Disney World re-opening with the Jurassic Park theme song.
Beez are on it rope bees
Gender reveal idea : have your SO give you a blowjob in front of both your families. The color of the sperm reveals the gender.
It could really screw up Facebook’s algorithms if people started making their profile details inaccurate
A cock and ball torture arena
Reruns of 30 year old+ shows should also have the 30+ year old commercials.
For the MCU, the next movie/episode which includes a character from Wakanda should have the character correct everyone else's pronunciation of "Lagos".
The Third Wheel - A dating service which has a 3rd person quietly proctoring your messages, dates, and other activities and gives you both an unbiased report at the end.
Pet leeches
A RoboCop spinoff called BoboCop about a robot monkey cop who fights banana-related crime.
We should get a ton of men to all wear dresses on the same day to support men who don't align to traditional masculine roles.Create AirBNB for remote underwater drones that can be controlled anywhere. Any treasure you find you keep(if legally allowed). Pay by the day.
All those toxic assholes attending gatherings, parties, spring break, ect... ALL should be testers for the coronavirus vaccine.
Antifa protesters begin going by the name "the NRA" following designation as a terrorist group
Gmail but it doesn't notify you every time you log in from a new device
Sell fake antidote (saline) to antivaxers that is supposed to counteract the sterilizing effect of the covid vaccine
For a whole day, people switch careers to the person next to you
There should be a subreddit for kids who don't have a dad.
Since many of my USA neighbors refuse to wear masks to prevent covid, let's all stop showering, stop brushing our teeth, and eat lots of garlic and tuna. This way we all smell so bad we naturally avoid each other.
Konami should make candles that smell like freshly opened yugioh cards
It's time for us to join in the fight.
Don't allow any politician or world leader on any social media website or app.
Despise doing dishes but hate plastic silverware and paper plates? Buy real dishes/cutlery from Craigslist, estate sales, and flea markets, use once, then toss in the garbage. Keep doing this til Captain Planet himself shows up on your front door to kick your ass.
How to save a lot of time / water / soap ? by using disposable gloves (and throwing them to the garbage after use from a clean untouched spot)
A bot which reuploads deleted Plandemic documentaries
A website with only personalised adds for that one add you saw but can’t find anymore...
We can be simply inside of the "Plague Inc." simulation game, with immensely ultra-high quality of details. Good luck with proving that it is not true
Everyone agrees to vote a Republican in office next election, as long as it's not Trump.
Instead of voting for a candidate from one of the two main parties there should be a final option to repeal and replace certain practices that aren’t conducive to a real democracy.
A banana-shaped bathroom scale.
Let's remove the letters B F M P V W from the alphabet so we spit less when we talk
Clothing stores should have stylists you can rent for $20 to help you buy clothes that look good on you
Spread around on Facebook that shaving your head can prevent you from getting corona virus. On top of that make a spray on tan-like product with a blue or green tint. Advertise it as a corona virus repellent you need to apply on every morning to protect yourself.
Place a 360 degree camera in every section at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway for the Indy 500 and stream the feeds so everyone can pick a section and watch the race in VR like they are there.
An asterisk sounds &amp; looks too much like a bumhole for them to have not known.
A game with the gameplay of Marvel Ultimate Alliance but with Nintendo characters
I want to Invest in someone who Invents a device to end Robocalling...Is this a Crazy Idea?
Zombie virus would be easier to contain than corona virus.
A drop box near coin star (or any coin redemption kiosk/outlet) Where are you can leave coins from other countries that otherwise will sit forever unused in your coin jar, ideally an international charity tie in
Everyone tweet hateful, random accusations at Trump every day until he is gone. Give him a taste of his own presidency.
Grape salsa
Make a global seed vault, but for Jelly Bellies
Use OCR and the Robot9000 algorithm, and remove post limits for two weeks on r/memes to enforce originality.
Holiday homes should advertise niche (but important) aspects of the house, such as WiFi strength and a full review of the shower head and water pressure
The top 10 wealthy of the world form a co-operative to combat climate change
A shirt that can be worn backwards or inside out.
A condom that goes inside of your dick's hole
An UberEats-like delivery service for groceries and other essential services for doctors and nurses that is free during this time.
Youtubers who get paid for how much drama they create, are more civil and friendly than the people in Washington who are paid for getting people to vote for them.
Let out Joe Exotic, have him run independent for 2020, and he'll split the Trump supporters
Laws that if news organizations edit videos for their reporting then they must also include easy access to the unedited versions for others to view.
Create a fake poop, put it in a bottle and call it Sham-Poo!
Move to Jamaica and open a Motorcycle dealership called Marley Davidson
A Civ 5 mod that makes Cuzco the leader of the Incan Empire.
A subreddit crafted specifically to provoke its members to have psychotic breaks
The Matrix, but it's ONLY for animals.
Dress up Joe Biden as Kid Rock and have him sing "Baby Got Back" by Sir Mix-a-lot
Live cameras that gave an aerial view of theme parks and streamed them on their website as to show people how busy the park is that day.
A satellite that shines a light down on earth that draws the exact continent, country, state, county and town lines like on google maps so you always know exactly when you cross a border.
Create the Hollywood Code of Ethics, Conduct, and Decorum
Professional Calvinball. Let a five year old kid blurt out new rules.
Create a prison where you choose a trade, start an apprenticeship, and earn full wages for your entire sentence
Someone kissing me.
An “Ultimate Supercut” version of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
A now world government with me in charge. Believe it would be better for the majority then things are now.
Use ideas from this group and pitch them as startup ideas :P
Amazon Prime should add a historical or explanatory feature to their X-Ray.
New type of "bodyflight"?
Get rid of all currency and base the entire global economy on energy credits. Set the theoretical maximum economy size at the value of incident solar radiation which leaves room for our constant growth model as it is effectively unobtainable.
A feature for most digital displays that allows people to connect to the audio through their phones or headset to hear it clearly
Penis SHRINKING Pills
Selectively breed termites to eat concrete and let them loose in the concrete jungle. War tactic.
A reality TV show where well-trained military ops set up big budget missions around the country to catch Santa Claus in the act.
Chest wigs, so everyone can look like Tom Selleck.
All restaurants should have green and red table signs. Green means server should come to your table and patrons put on their masks. Red means no assistance needed and no masks required while eating/drinking
Remake Watch_Dogs 1 for the new consoles and make it look like the original E3 demo.
A restaurant that requires different calisthenics for each menu item.
Put Phil Swift's life story on every can of Flex Seal/roll of Flex Tape/tube if Flex Glue/etc.
The Truth About the Human Mind - From the Creator
A show like "The Office" but set in a mental institution
A new website like Facebook but actually respects privacy.
Make someone dumb as the president. They keep saying and doing laughable(but dangerous) things. That will wipe off the stupid people who chose to follow the dumb president. Survival of the fittest at its best
What if Trump is really a secret Democrat operative and his plan is to take down the GOP by showing how crazy and deranged they are?
Don’t eat the brown acid
Instead of bombs, throw tons of glitter down in enemy cities. It would be a massive hassle to clean up but nobody gets hurt
Perfection chips
A Social media AI-scanner flagging for narcissism
For the Love of Ricks ass
I guarantee one day there will be a "tremors" movie about astronauts on the moon (or maybe mars). Just imagine how they try and make a weapon to save themselves.
Scare tactics mother's Edition
A 4th branch of government that is just 10,000 anonymous adults chosen randomly every year
an interactive live horror film where if the person running away or getting out of something does something stupid, you can put up a barrier that's like, no, no, no.when someone tries to kill you, an uno reverse card pops out and beats the person to death
An audio system that detects that cat throwing up nose that sends a rumba type robot to clean it up. uhh uhh uhhh
Robinhood should percentage likelihood of the move, and calculated average profit next to every option.
Toothpaste should come in a soap dispenser
Stop at green lights, and wave through drivers who are stopped at the adjacent red light.
If September is No Simp September and November is No Nut November, then October should be No Overthinking October. No Simp September and No Nut November are both challenges where we avoid doing a bad habit. With that logic and the fact that overthinking is a bad habit, we should convert October.
make a great big long train that goes around the whole world
The world should ban tuna fishing and the sale of tuna for the next 20 years to let the global population recover.
Playing the recorder with my ass
Pizza Hut should give a free pizza to everyone named Pete Zahut
communism
Put a large magnet on the front of cars to pick up debris so they don't pop your tires.
A private, armed protection service that people can call when police attempt to enter their home
OnlyFans account that reviews fans and does nothing else.
Recruit several hundred anti-vaxxers who believe the Earth is round. Recruit several hundred flat-earthers who believe in vaccines. Have them debate each issue one at a time, live on TV.
Mirrors on the corner of hallway turns to allow the prediction of other people’s movements.
A resturaant like SONIC but the bounce on pogo sticks.
get rid of all the crackhouses by putting them out of business with crack vending machines
Forget persuasion. It never works.
A union, but for youtubers.
A separate prison for police officers who commit crimes, but the prison guards are all ex-cons.
Donald Trump wants war because he watched House of Cards.
A battle royale MMO game on worldwide scale. 100$ entrance fee. Winner takes all
Reverse Harambe: Give a gun to a gorilla and then walk push one of its young into a human enclosure (house, shopping mall etc). The gorilla shoots you, thereby redeeming Harambe
A robot that makes you the perfect bacon in the morning.
COVID-19 art
A manpower rating for automation machines and a income tax for companies based on how much work is done by the machines. The tax will go into education support for changing industry and or UBI
People all just getting along
Ban all politicians from owning money, and force them to use a separate "politician credit" system for their purchases -- this prevents them from taking bribes or giving bribes to others
If American farmers have a surplus of livestock but nowhere to send them because of meat plant delays, why not let people lining up at food banks take the animals whole? Let them kill and cut up the pigs and cows themselves.
After your funeral, your mobile number should be permanently retired and anyone who contacts the number should be alerted in some way that the person they are trying to contact is deceased.
Create a YouTube channel to talk about grammatical errors in song’s lyrics and correct them.
Start a hockey league, but replace the nets with soccer goals
More churches should be LGBT affirming
Ex-corts - hire someone to pretend to be your ex- partner
Our brains actually play our entire life as it is in a 7 min dream after "physical" death. We could actually just be a figment of our own 7 min dream at the present moment. So whatever crazy stuff we do...could actually just be a memory.
A 'none of the above' option in elections. If that option wins, the election is reheld with all new candidates.
The resurrection of Jesus
Grubhub delivery via catapult
Market black and camo masks as "tactical" so men and police will buy them.
One-way glass
Reddit needs a Karma gauge that can count properly.
If a partner cheats but wants to get back together, they have to box each other. The cheater has to wear Socker Boppers while the other partner gets to box in regular boxing gloves, until the cheater is forgiven
Make a bathroom that's free to enter, but you have to pay to leave
A bots only website - A website that can only be interacted with by a bot
Have democrats and conservatives swap every 5/6 years. Effectively same result, but no anger and hatred towards each other.
Putting gold foil in your toilet before you take a shit so you have golden wrapped shits
The next administration in the US should purchase Codecademy or a similar service and make it free for all US citizens, and use it to enhance knowledge and operational capacity of public servants
Streaming services offering a "Shuffle Episodes" feature for entire series, like Community or Parks and Rec
A murder mystery film where the killer is the camera man
Force politicians to reveal their tax filings to be eligible to run for President, so they can't hide them after they become President
Distantly Drunk, a drinking game helping to fight Covid-19
A single DVD-bluray reader/player/--storage device--/console for converting physical disks to digital storage, clearing shelf space, and not forcing us to buy multiple streaming services to watch thousands of dollars of movies we already own.
If women stopped using tampons and instead saved up and donated their blood then there would never be another need for a blood-drive.
SpongeBob, but for Adult Swim.
People with death sentences should have a chance to opt in for testing of new medicines, before they are executed.
This is a pretty fascinating video...
the government should have to buy everyone insurance against the possibility of taxes ever being raised in the future, so that you would file an insurance claim and the insurance would have to pay the tax increase instead of you if that happened
Instead of shaking hands, offer a squirt of hand sanitizer.
If Mormons can baptize non-mormons after they're dead to retroactively "save them", we should be able to retroactively sell Mormon's souls to the devil.
Replace the gears on a bicycle with a pedal powered leaf blower to propel you
So instead of game shows where we give regular everyday people tons of money, we take people with tons of money and make them give it away.
The Good News! ;))
As electronic get more energy efficient one day we might have potato phones instead of potato clocks
Whenever you pause your Netflix episode for more than 30 seconds it plays five seconds back of where you left it off.
All liberals begin vehemently supporting Trump for whatever minuscule things he actually can’t possibly get wrong just to see if conservatives will vote him out to spite the liberals.
Ads on youtube should be base on the like/dislike ratio
Marbles. What purpose do they serve? They’re lovely bits of glass art, but then call them that. Only people playing fucking marbles in 2020 are in prison and extremely (1: lucky to have scored some marbles.) 2: Bored, sad, and hopeless because the only game they’ve got to play is marbles.
Disallow NSFW names for SFW subs
Youtube Rewind, but instead of being a shitty video with youtubers no one likes, it shows a recap of who you watched the most, minutes watched, favorite categories, etc
Cars should have a black box like airplanes.
Dell Commercial All in one OptiPlex 3280 21.5-inch
An official “Court of Public Opinion”
Inventor from Maine
Ban gender reveals.
Make a superhero movie in which the superhero would participate in olympics and break world records
Air powered blunderbuss
Nuke all your enemies
What if we gave Neil Breen a massive Hollywood budget, and the best movie-making technology we have, and let him create his masterpiece...
Have automated awards for posts that are hated or downvoted vigorously so that there is something to look forward to if your post is misunderstood.
Bring back trial by combat
For Belle Delphine to post a face mask series to get the simps to be safe and protect others
A Coconut
A jack and the beanstalk movies with the Rock as Jack and Kevin Heart as the giant.
YouTube should recommend the videos you've put into Watch Later.
Fox should make a season 0 of *The Last Man on Earth* about COVID-19.
Allow individual users to spend Reddit coins to give a post multiple upvotes or downvotes
A law stating if the country goes to war, all taxes automatically double for millionaires and above.
NFL VR. Have a VR expert label each seat. If you buy that seat, you can watch the game from home. You get an avatar so others can see you and vice versa. You can also use your Mic to talk to people around you(or mute them) and that noise is broadcast from large speakers in the stadium.
Have a debate after Super Tuesday
Crazy Ways to pay off your Student Loans.
A requirement stating that in order to be a Reddit moderator, you have to be able to find a random post on the site that violates the T.O.S. in under 1 minute.
Idea for new unharmful trend.
Join the New Reddit Community for learning Coding and other related topics.
You wouldn't be wrong if you started to refer to your wife, and the mother of your children, as your baby mama.
Send all kids with Attention Deficit Disorder to concentration camps.
All gymnastics should be naked, so the clothing doesn't lower the flexibility of the gymnasts
Empty Spaces
Weights should come in sizes .5,1,2,4,8,16,32,64 lbs, so you can buy the minimum amount (a pair each) and have any size you want from 1lb - 128 lbs.
Rachel Maddow and Tucker Carlson should cohost something together. Like an awards ceremony or a cooking/baking show where politics are irrelevant.
OKCupid should make a site that matches you with political candidates
Upload a video of just ads as the new rickroll
What if you ran the battery along with the electric line?
A Life-Alert type security system that allows people to safely go on dates, and skip right over the soul-sucking small talk. "So what do you like to do for fun?!"..."Well what do YOU like to do for fun?!"
Require all porn sites to end in .cum
Criminals and cops should sign a gentleman's agreement to not kill each other
Instead of giving a death sentence to prisoner, he should be used for conducting experiments, rather than animals.
Pay people to move and temporarily stay in different communties, to report on workplace cultures, or random strangers online.
The VirusChannel. All virus related programming all the time. Your source for 24/7 virus entertainment.
Normalise billionaires sponsoring average, low/middle class working people. $5-10k a year is practically unnoticeable to the rich 0.01% but is life changing for the recipient.
An 80-inch birthday candle that you burn 1 inch of every birthday, so you can watch your life slowly melt away.
Make ribbed condoms taste like ribs
The cool side of the pillow should have a name
You can cast a legal second vote if you pass a civics and current events test.
Want Gold but have nothing worthwhile to post? Make an alt account and guild yourself
Apple should release a temporary update to their phones that has a “outside” setting, which easily disables the face scan unlock feature while you’re wearing a mask. It could be on the drop down menu like do not disturb
A grocery store where drifting your shopping cart around corners and other cool moves are encouraged
An Uber like service with female topless drivers called Buber
Jamba Soups: The exact menu of Jamba Juice served up hot. Do you want a steaming peanut butter moo’d? That’s Jamba Soups.
Have democratic government sponsored and created videos used as curriculum to help universal lessons taught online through YouTube or other platform. Have teachers serve more as facilitators/assistants then actual teachers of materials
Make linkdIn a meme platform
AI vs AI Pong Game insane versusA tv show about a bird and an opposum
To combat racism, ageism and sexism in the Justice System, any defendant can opt for a alternate (an actor) replacement of any race or gender to sit in for them during the trial.
Develop an extremely addictive single-player video game that can easily be pirated. Release it in July. Let it become popular worldwide, and advertise it lots in China. After a small update, on June 4 every following year, the game automatically plays videos detailing the Tiananmen Square Massacre.
A diet drug that works by deadening your sense of smell and taste for several hours.
All schools and universities should be required by law to only use Linux
Police officers do not wear formal uniforms anymore.
We are at war against COVID-19. A nation wide mask mandate would be the equivalent of a nuclear bomb against Covid.
Denny's should capitalize on COVID-19
A toggle button that changes a playlist between clean and explicit versions of all songs on it.
Gay Rights Adopts the Don't Tread on Me Flag
The moderator should be able to turn mics on and off during the presidential debate.
Monitor user’s posts for cognitive decline
Invent a drug that alters how your pee comes out
A tv series taped in reverse chronological order before its released, so when you watch it the characters inexplicably get younger instead of older as each season progresses.
Let people vote to roll-over holidays to next year. Two thanksgivings next year would have been awesome.
Love of Rockets and SpaceX meets Playing Cards. I designed a deck of cards on the theme of Rocket Science and SpaceX. Got 200% funded on Kickstarter.
Voting should run like Reddit upvotes and downvoted
A standardized 5 VDC battery that 1) cannot be inserted incorrectly; 2) has a "signal" terminal so that the battery can report its charge level to its host device.
Maybe we should wait on charging those "Patriots".
When your bottle of pills is halfway full, fill the rest of it up with identical placebo pills to spend less on refills
If you were to kill a Venus fly trap are you hunting it or harvesting it?
Genetically modified coral: faster growth, tolerance to heat, tolerance to carbon dioxide
Have the runner up in the Presidential Election be Vice President
A Stardew Valley remake in the style of Links Awakening.
Equality?
Use fingerprints instead of ID
Solve monopolies and corporate tax issues by tying their tax rate to their percentage of market share.
Hand sanitizing vaginas at all restaurants.
You should be able to order a new older car model from the manufacturers website for the price of the car + a fee.
Ban Slideshows on Websites
John Cena should Star in a one-off remake of the Ernest franchise called ‘Ernest Goes To The Gym’
A dating site where girls actually want to date me, instead of dating sites where guys pretending to be girls just want my money.
There should be a rule in Hollywood where movie trailers aren’t allowed to show anything from the last 30 minutes of the film.
Doctors and nurses who are working around coronavirus patients should be eligible for military discount
30 second trailer instead of photos on tinder
Laying in repose at your place of work
A TV show where a person who distrusts mainstream media is made to follow a journalist around for a week
When the restaurant servers come back to work they get hired on at a living wage and we move away from “working for tips”.
BLM protestors should use projectors instead of defacing statues with paint
New Nascar figure-of-eight race track has 8 foot ramps with a 50 foot gap at 2nd cross section, w/ two race start locations, one at each halfway point, to encourage more cars spread out along track and likelyhood of cool jumps intersecting with cars driving below at cross point.
Pick one word, and see how many AskReddit questions you can answer with it.
A car horn for pedestrians
Instead of vaccination everyone, instead give everyone a dose of magic mushroms, and show people how we treat each other, animals, the planet, and the environmental. Then see how big of a change there would be in people's empathy and way of a ting in the world
Create a Corvid 19 holiday to commemorate everything that happened to the world these last few months. Celebrate heroes and morn the lost.
What if their was a substance that when added to any food item doesn't allow the fat to remain on your body.
A show where people with zero acting experience are paired with A-list stars to mentor them through making short 5-10 minute movies of various types.
Take pictures of your penis covered in a child sized sock post pictures of it online and humble brag about how big it is
A cologne that smells like rotting skunk to enforce social distancing.
There should be a jesus shaped alcoholic dissolvable tablet to turn water into wine
Why are icons used to instantiate apps on PCs and mobile devices a fixed size? Why can't users give their often-used apps a larger icon?
Evolve your brain cells by survival of the fittest when alcohol kills some of them
Trojan condoms should make strollers for loud babies
A candy with a 50% chance of being a gumball, or a jawbreaker with a thin, gum shell.
Army should put cat ears on all helmets.
Fill a humidifier with holy water at night to vampire-proof your room while sleeping
Everytime you downvote a post, a point also gets taken off your own karma.
Free giveaway giftcard from NIKE - 200$, take your chance!
A cooking or baking competition show where after judging the leftover dishes are all donated to homeless shelters and leftover ingredients donated to local culinary schools
Turn Democratic Debates into an interactive game show.
We should stop naming children and let them grow up without a name only to figure out who they are.
Hyper-allergenic Soap
Before planning your gender reveal party, have a professional psychic communicate with your foetus because they could be trans, non-binary, gender-queer, etc.
Craziest idea there probably is going to be in this sub ever.....
Convince a famous person to do something absolutely ridiculous to a compulsive liar
Support the USPS
A restaurant where all the chefs are stoned and make whatever they want to serve to the customers, and have Gordon Ramsay visit.
Instead of wars on other countries we should have people representing their countries fight to the death.
All film and television programs should have a political correctness rating
The announcers for NCAA games on major networks should be students getting an opportunity to call a big game for a national audience
Why we as the US has failed(Hear Me Out)
US politics should have elements of reality TV embedded into its systems as much as possible to encourage the participation of the public. It requires a lot of creative thinking, so that the ideal innate sanctity of the process is upheld, but it might work.
A military themed playground for adults, where you sit at the top of a valley and shoot junk cars with real mortars, RPGs, and missiles.
an elections page where you can upvote or downvote political ads, and it compiles this data to map out how your views align with the candidates.
Breaking the law should revoke your citizenship.
Weasels! Millions of em’! They’re versatile, they’re dynamic, they’re useful. Put em’ to work. Let’s get this country back on its feet again!
A remake of Adventures In Babysitting but it takes place in the MCU and Chris Hemsworth as actual Thor appears halfway through the movie and then the rest of the movie is a Thor movie.
An app that automatically locks your vehicle at a pre-determined time each day.
Coffee/Doughnut shops should have a Coffee and Donuts line and a separate line for everything else. EG: Quick and easy line.
A feature on dating apps where people rate their date with you and say why it didn’t work out
People of Reddit, we need Elon Musk Dance Remix
Open a free restaurant like Fear Factor paid for by the attention it brings of people eating crazy stuff like the worlds greatest sandwich but with a spider inside
Someone should make a deep fake of Trump literally pissing on the American flag and spread it on Facebook to protest their promotion of misinformation.
The Ultimate Purpose Of The Corona Virus NCOV Is Bringing Better Fairer Life For The People
It’s 2020; How do we not have a washer and dryer in one?
Stanley Hudson from the office as one of Voldemort’s Death Eaters
Have a DNA test done to the drug test to make sure it's there's
A SpaceBalls prequel, that loosely follows the arc of the Star Wars movies. There could be a whole scene of a young Dark Helmet and Lone Starr's father's brother's nephew's cousin's former roommate building Dot Matrix for... reasons.
Hardcore mode as a feature for emulators
I forgot this idea twice before getting here so...
Unmeltable chocolate bars that can survive time in my warm pockets
A TV show where Flat Earthers compete to push each other off the edge of the Earth
The baby born in Twilight is a Mogwi
A slasher movie about George Washington coming back from the dead as a murderous hatchet-wielding zombie. His first victim is a stripper named "Cherry Treeborne".
Every company must make all their commercials as ridiculous as they can for one week out of the year
Serial killer death battles
Tarantino should use Twitter to reveal what's in the Pulp Fiction briefcase
Pokemon GO-INSIDE
Traffic Brake Lights
Black Widow and Hawkeye should both get a separate movie about what happened in Budapest. Have it happen differently in both.
NBC should put on My Name is Earl movie or something in order to attract My Name is Earl fansA NEW DIMENSION OF STORYTELLING
Sue China.
A weight-loss program where all the food you eat is infused with capsaicin inversely proportional to it's nutritional value.
The Bachelor/Bachelorette but instead of a stupid rose ceremony, the suitors engage in gladiatorial combat.
Playdough should make an edible version of itself. But keep the packaging the same because screw you.
A machine that links up to your brain and you can rewatch your memories on a monitor
Expose Trump For Faking The 'Rona , we all know it was staged !
A German bakery called “Gluten Morgen”.
American Indian tribes start buying up property in their former respective homelands, retaking their lands through real estate purchases
A TV show where 3 people get a crowbar and an expensive car, the one damaging it the most get the car they damaged before.
A machine that produces food like in cloudy with a chance of meatballs to end world famine
We should cut a giant QR code out of corn and soy fields in middle America to show our appreciation for NASA and all it does for us.
What if universities offered a year of credit hours to anyone who served as an "education coordinator" to visit with K-12 kids at the childrens' homes from 9a-5p to play, feed them, and help them learn online?
Turn “a lot” into “alot” because you’re speaking of something in great quantity not a parcel of land.
We should keep a list of self serving companies, that try to take advantage of this crisis, so we can boycott them!.
Horror rollercoaster theme park
what if
Start a peanut butter company and name it “Gif”, wait for the inevitable lawsuit, let the court of law decide the pronunciation once and for all.
A horror game where you are prompted to run and do QuickTime events to get away but there is nothing chasing you
Airliners should have an optional "parachute class" located towards the back of the aircraft, where in the event of an emergency, you'd be allowed to jump to safety.
Bill Gates proposes @Davos, Switzerland 2020 World Economic Forum that world's richest billionaires sign suicide pact at a rate of one per day, starting with the richest person. "It's like Brewster's Millions meets Hunger Games, meets Logan's Run."
Why the fuck
We should micro-dose the worlds population with lead till everyone has a high but survivable amount in their bodies. That way when global warming destroys our atmosphere we can easily resist all the radiation damage.
A Reverse scrolling option, scrolling up the feed instead of downwards all the time.
An FPS game where you have to keep the other team alive while trying to bring your own health down to zero
The state has a fund to buy out game companies that go bust, and all their games, assets etc are released as public domain for free or commercial use.
It's been a year, let's all get together &amp; celebrate Covid-19's first birthday.
Random youtube video generator that ONLY includes videos without words (captions or spoken) instrumental music is ok
The media and journalists should stop addressing Trump as Mr. President until he starts acting like one.
They should make potato chips come in garbage bags, then you use the potato chip bag for your garbage bag after. Overall, less bag usage. Plus...probably you'd get more chips out of the deal. Two birds, amirite?
Religious Organizations should be held to the same Human Rights standards as an Employer. Otherwise, be shut down like a company that violates human rights.
Someone should volunteer themselves to be Johnny Weedseed, and travel around the country spreading marijuana seeds wherever they go
The author Guy de Maupassant is called guy in his first name, the mathematician Richard Guy is called guy in his last name. Therefore, someone could be called Guy Guy.
The guy who played the president in Corey in the House should actually run.
A subreddit where mentioning coronavirus is banned.
Lets just... keep it this way. With just one or two minor tweaks this could be awesome.
A car with an augmented reality windows that would work in real time to turn the environment into whatever you can imagine, like maybe a neon cyberpunk roadway or green country roads. Other cars could all become luxury future cars or horse drawn carriages.
Police chase simulation on a race track
A remake of "Jingle All the Way" with Henry Cavill and Keanu Reeves fighting for the last gaming console.
A robot that collects cigarrete butts and dumps them on people who litter.
A D&amp;D campaign where the players are working on a farm after retiring from adventuring. They keep seeing farm animals turn into liches and stuff but it's just their ptsd and they get in trouble for killing the animals.
Have universal shoe sizes
A captured-spy exchange between Russia and Saudi Arabia. The Saudi spy is returned poisoned and in a coma, and the Russian spy is sent home in small pieces.
Domesticate Arctic Lemmings
All you can eat buffet, but the food's expired
Free face masks at airports for people traveling with colds, coughs, or flu.
While you're self-isolating, try reducing your social anxiety medications.
Start a Reality TV show where white people who don’t believe in systematic racism get sent to African countries to be systematically oppressed
Selling Nudes Of Me &amp; My Sister!!! (F18 &amp; F21)
For once I would like to see a sci-fi story where humans go to the space, find alien life, and im theier world they have more than one race... and countries... and have governements. Why do we always assume they are all the same and are all ruled by one singular leader?Create a subreddit called r/IGotAWound for people to showcase their injuries, CT/MRI scans, x-rays, surgeries from any thing that happened to them.
Require that every meeting a lobbyist has with someone in the government or member of Congress be broadcast publicly.
We break our own bones repeatedly to make them stronger.
A Virtual World (Using data from tech companies)
shower hammock.
Every president elect has to have been in the military for minimal amount of time
Start calling it "the Trump Flu" and see if it sticks
Someone should make one of those reverse gender videos, except it's a compilation of women facing hardships that are most common for men
Banana shaped tape measures. It actually would be easy to hold and fit nicely in the pocket.
now hows this for a prfile pictuere
Solution for Masturbation
Vagina encoding so you can trace back any STDs to source
Redo the Star Wars sequels but everyone has 80s hair and clothing styles
Wanna start a zombie outbreak?
Vending machines make 1/10 sodas mixed with liquor
Each Christmas, governments of developed country give $100 for each citizen as a nice gift
A Batman procedural crime show, with special episodes solely revolving around Bruce Wayne, and others in his bat suit. And with a couple of episodes in real time, like 24.
Get Taco Bell to give free tacos to the city with the lowest infection numbers
A movie where the bad guys DON'T wear masks instead of wearing scary masks
We should 'the game' rich people at random.
An idea to increase the happiness level of people
Hands Across America 2020
Drive by whippings
A televised MMA competition where every contestant is on Ecstasy called MDMMA
We should kill every weak baby, or make weak people not allowed to have babies, after 4-5 generations we will have a race of super beings, then take it further , smart people can do it with smart people, strong with strong, hot with hot, and we have a specific human for any task
A toolbox which is also a small stool.
A Flower Pot For Seedling Transfer
Five words. World Championship of Heely Jousting.
hack the system
Voluntary Tax Audit
if people swapped babies at birth it would make the world a kinder place
Use Twitch/video game streaming as a creative story telling format.
Let me use the Backspace key as a part of my login password.
Pay people to be civil and good, do weekly prizes and huge giveaways from cash, yearly gas cards, cars, vacations, rent paid up tp a year, etc.
Blast your guilty pleasure music loudly and see if your neighbors call the cops on what they think is a teenage girl
Jimmy Carter enters the 2020 presidential race. Right now. He’s 95, but he’s technically only had one term in office.
a 5-lb Bread Machine that makes large loafs that can last a family a week
A way to "sing" songs in text
Reddit's comments should be algorithmically sorted
Take a bath in mustard
One time tax for emergency situations should be more common and less taboo
The National Weather Service should interrupt TV with that squawky alert system to give rainbow warnings, that way people can go see the pretty rainbow after the big storm.
We should start calling the alt right the always right sarcastically.
A cult subreddit
Call of Duty: Space Force
Sending 100s of "GET OUT ME SWAMP" shrek pictures from past presidents to the White House
Depression SOS Apartment Cleaning Service: A service that can gather volunteers (paid/unpaid) to come to your apartment for a day - declutter, clean, reorganize and get you back to a normal 'beginning' without any judgement.
Solve global warming by sacrificing people to the Sun God on the top of a pyramid. The Sun hasn't been getting consistent sacrifices for centuries. Shortly after the sacrifices ended, boom, global warming. THE SUN IS PISSED.
A picnic table sun shade that tilts to face the sun automatically.
I wish I could figure out a way to bottle feelings.
A Reddit where the auto correct in the title works
We should remake all movies with Timothee Chalamet in them but put Michael Cera in his place.
Break car windows and leave propaganda against your own interests, inside. People will wonder why Hillary supporters are smashing windows.
The top 100 richest people in the world having to live like the poorest 30% of humanity for a month every 2 years. Perhaps in a simulated environment.
Paint the roads white so they don't absorb heat as much in the summer.
PepsiCo scientists should cross pollinate/genetically engineer a hyrbrid Dorito flavored Cheetos and Cheeto flavored Doritos respectively.
There should be a going to jail song.
Posts with reddit screenshot should include link to the original post in the comments.
Instead of buying coins redditors give the money to a central pool and set up a subscription. Redditors in financial trouble can then message for assistance and after being assessed as meeting the criteria are given help as long as the post updates to how the money has helped transform their lives.
A Breaking Bad and Grand Theft Auto crossover game
one time one hour tv special. on the paramount network....because why not.
A huge volunteer movement called the Mail Mormons who go down to where the USPS has been hit the hardest and go door to door/set up in the neighborhood either collecting ballots or carrying a modified (I.e smaller) voting machine.
Don't have a timetable in school, but saying "every student needs to understand topic X" and then they are grouped and stay at the school until it is understood by everyone
Code an app/website exactly like reddit but where freedom of speech exists
A restaurant that sells breaded chicken skins.
There should be an option to mark text messages as unread.
Board planes faster by opening the top and dumping all the passengers in with a huge dump truck
A new dating app combining Tinder and Yelp! After casually hooking up you can leave a review.
We should get Conservative Influencers to promote wearing masks
A tractor beam dog leash (to prevent tangling)
Suicide clinics for scientists to experiment on people with no fear of killing them, if you've lost all hope, you might as well offer your living body to science.
All cell phones should have a built in feature where if both phones physically touch each other for 3-4 full seconds, the contact info for each phone is automatically shared between them.
Indeterminate Fasting™
Zombie movie about business owner who tries to stay open during the apocalypse
I’m 4 foot 6 fun sized give me some crazy ideas
The spelling of Elon Musks son’s name along with the pentagons confirmation of UFO’s is proof the Aliens are no longer interested in hiding themselves.
Join the opposing political party. Become president. Have control of the Senate, then: destroy the economy, commit blatant treason, divide the country on racial and socioeconomic lines, incite riots, ignore major threats while focusing on irrelevant things, and make that party look like evil morons.
Phones should have a 1 minute countdown to it running out of battery, the race for the charger would become a challenge
All car horns should be in a specific note so that harmonies are created at traffic jams.
Frame someone else for a murder by digging a hole in a dirt jogging path and dumping the body and sticky evidence at the bottom. Then cover the top of the hole sneakily. Jogger falls in and is now covered in evidence.
Heated toilet seats
Create a fridge that moves close to the speed of light, and the food inside of it would go bad slower than usual relative to you
Stop using the NSFW tag while everyone's working from home.
You could have a “Coronavirus infected” sign outside your house to preclude burglary.
Gen Z needs to be renamed the Quaran"teens"
The cops are using paint bullets, give the protestors paint ball guns and let everyone blow off steam and settle the riots
A Bill Wurtz-style video telling everything that happened in 2020.
An app that turns on the light of your computer whenever somebody is tracking you or accessing your data, to make you aware of your privacy invasion on a daily basis
EVERYBODY in the comment section below put a video clip from anything tv show movie sitcom comedy drama ANYTHING of people saying “the world” as a tribute to jojo please let’s do this
At 18 years old, everyone should be shot once from a medium distance. This way, future generations will develop a bullet immunity.
Squirrels should be called nutcats
A person who works as an professional book/movie/game/etc recommender. Based on stuff you like he will recommend you something.
Need app ideas! Alot of free time but 0 ideas!Start calling Roman Numerals "Capital Numbers"
Celebrities that post to /r/ama should also be forced to post to /r/roastme.Your job and accounts send your w2s and statements to the government and they do your taxes for you.
a shuffle button for watching long netflix series
Engrave all your valuables with the phrase "STOLEN PROPERTY" so that whoever steals it will have a hard time selling it.
New debate idea
A prequel to A Christmas Carol with a young Scrooge and Marley Wolf-of-Wallstreeting it up in Victrorian London. Laudanum and opium and crazy capitalism as they establish their business exploiting the poor and investing in slave ships etc.
Start a trade show for androids called Replicon.
WORLD OF MINECRAFT
r/OneProtectsRestAttack; A sub which has a bot stealing posts from r/PickOne and people voting on who would win in combat like on r/OneProtectRestAttack
Tails and Luigi at the Winter Olympic Games
Construction Sand Paper Pants
Subversia: Entrevista loca a Joseph Adamanta, cantante y guitarrista
ASUS VivoBook 15 Ryzen-5 Laptop
A website that pay hoarders to get out their unuseful shits
Create an interactive CAPTCHA service called "reSMARTED" where it asks a question that requires you to search/read a Wikipedia paragraph and answer to sign up for a website.
Release a news story that plastic is a perfect barrier to coronavirus. Watch the run on plastic wrap at the grocery. Release a follow up story of a specific person that got the virus after returning to the store for plastic wrap.
Rename the Whitehouse- ‘The Greenhouse’. Then fill it full of plant pots, fertiliser and old cobwebs with dead spiders in them.
All cope should be required to wear a body cam and there should be a separate agency for reporting illegal police activity. Any cop with no body cam footage is immediately guilty
You have the right to break up with someone instantly without their permission, so after having sex with someone else say i broke up with you earlier today but want to get back together and its none of your businesd what i do while broken up. Do this every time you leave the room until its normal.
Probation &amp; Drug Tests.
Go set your car on fire
Anyone who enforces religion on anyone else is not rational enough to be allowed to have WMDs
Cops undercover should set up group events and rallies during lockdown, then arrest whoever shows up.
Roofie yourself, make an awesome scavenger hunt, then go to bed.
Use an xp based system for chores with your kids. As they gain xp and level up, they are rewarded with more allowance or a later bedtime. Create "quests" that give out more xp, but requires much more work and effort.
Sport tournaments but without drug regulations
If a corporation doesn’t pay it’s taxes by using legal offshore headquarters, then your products can’t be sold in the country where those taxes should have gone.
Plaid hair dye.
Rename battery life percentages as “virtual distancing points”
The ability to report food delivery drivers for double-apping, with full refund + some. (My delivery driver is visibly in the complete wrong part of town w my food and it's getting cold)
Trump just declared Antifa a terrorist organization... but all it takes to be “in Antifa” is to claim you’re “in Antifa.” So we should all put “Antifa” in our Twitter bios to take the wind out of their sails
Ironman uses the bathroom in his suit, he said while drunk at a party in ironman 2. Like its got some kind of robot toilet inside. What if while fighting, the mini portajohn in his suit breaks open.
Instead of letting millionaires and billionaires donate money to a one time event/cause, tax them properly and let the government fund those programs.
Instead of binging, we just starting calling it "Watching a Show in a Row"
Mario &amp; Sonic movie
Civilian Task Force.
A Bay Watch reboot where the characters all start out beach body perfect, but they never wax, shave or cut their hair, and it’s never mentioned.Rock, Paper, Scissors, Slap
A sitcom about people with extravagant jobs, inexplicably living in a small, crusty shack.
in-person voting be eliminated or discouraged in 2020 elections.
A sArCaSm/MoCkInG key, much like a CAPS LOCK, that will alternate capitalized &amp; lower case letters as you type.
Have a huge gathering and celebration when everyone has the vaccine and have a giant Halejuliah singalong.
people gain immortality but they have a health bar now which they will never know how far it has already decreased with every injury until it reaches zero
They should make a 2020 version of monopoly where all the property values are tripled but you still only get $200 for passing go.
A Flour leafblower based gun
Re-usable shipping containers
Maximum wage
A dresser that looks normal from the outside, but it opens like a refrigerator, so you can just put your entire pile of clean clothes in it without worrying about folding.
Individuals who have been found guilty of severe animal cruelty should be given painful facial tattoos/brands denoting their crime
Put up Nightmare Before Christmas decorations. They can go up in September and be left alone through December without raising any eyebrows.
A mouse and/or keyboard that stores Ctrl C files
The United States, States Republic
Why You Should Write a Bad Song
Billion-dollar stimulus checks for everyone in America.
Supermarket shopping trolleys with indicators and horns.
Add the upvote count percentage in the mobile app, like on the desktop site?
Give an official N-word pass to people who have donated a certain amount towards African American civil rights groups
A shower head that matches it’s pressure with the beat of a song
The day after 'Father's Day', we should celebrate 'Late Father's Day' for all the dads who have passed. Honor them with a dad joke worthy pun.Bottle caps for things like milk and oil should double as measuring cups with their size printed on the side.
Panic buy something random in huge quantities at Costco, like chapstick or something, and see how many people there start stockpiling that item after seeing you do it.
a marriage with joint custody of the penis. during m-f its hers but on the weekend its his to stick wherever he wants
Craziest Idea on how to end this quarantine
Casino gyms.
Music app messaging
Make a movie with lots of death flags all the time but nothing ever happens.
Before buying or selling an expensive item, move it to a boat on an ocean not in any country, and buy sell there with no tax
‪Chris Matthews new show should be called “Hard Ovary” and be hosted by a woman.‬
Create a computer game where you have to send men on suicide missions in battle, but you have to have conversations and get to know them first.
Cars with handle bars instead of a steering wheels
How To Contain Virus in US
Romney and Sanders both run as independents, making the race Trump v Romney v Biden v Sanders
A pedophile dating show hosted by both Chris Hansen and Chris Harrison
20,000 league's under the sea
Criminalize anxiety. Anyone suspected of struggling with anxiety will be be taken in for questioning. Anyone found to be anxious will be subject to solitary confinement of indeterminate duration.
What if the bat soup is the cure to Corona virus since it probably started it all and would probably end it ...
A pill that you take that saves you the trouble of having to poop.
We should call lighters used to light blunts as High-Lighters
Have local pharmacies, hardware stores, and grocery stores hire out of work bouncers to enforce the mask rules
Bring back r/Place
Shows like COPS and LivePD should replace DARE as the lead high school drug prevention
Someone please provide me a link to download mathematica
Reddit Invasion of Parler and Gab
How to be saved from customs while travelling?
Police Officer Training Should Include a Year of Military Service
Let original posters on Reddit have 70% of the karma of reposting their original posts.
Make a show called “Facts” where a predominant left and right activist have a debate where we stop and research each point before we continue in order to understand where the disconnect is.
A dog can't cat. But a mosquito can fly. I propose that mosquitoes stop flying and start mosquitoing.
Star Trek fight scenes coordinated by the Jackie Chan stunt team.
Make the views system on youtube somehow based on ow much of a video people actually watch
A movie about immortals starting Paul Rudd, Rob Lowe, and Keanu Reeves.
I made a website for funeral memes!
Let's tear down statues of historical figures with questionable backgrounds .
A car wash where you can control the water jets with your phone.
Start an online fight streaming service to entertain people and make money.
Pence, in the VP debate, just starts telling all the sinful crazy stuff that’s been happening for the last 4 years
Among Us: The Movie
Move to a new political spectrum: Velgian Essentialism
I had a crazy idea
Denny's should capitalize on current times with a 'Grand Sla
Sprinkle activated sand into the clouds every Diwali to start artificial rain which can totally stop pollution via fireworks
Bring lots of balloons to someone’s birthday inflated with your fart and wait for the inevitable moment when people start popping them
free money with coinbase earn!
If we could record silence and play it back on full volume, it would be a good way to prevent people from talking when they shouldn't be.
Form a band with excited doggiesss like this.
Plant a weed in a pot, when it grows replant it in police station yard during night and call different police station to say there is a weed growing in their colleagues back yard.
We should revive þ
About the Gamestop activism ...
Dating profiles should have reviews for each user like offerup.
Make a way to select a number of photos in the gallery if your phone and cycle through them randomly so you have a new wallpaper everyday.
Phone cases with dildos on them so you can just turn your phone on vibrate and wait for a call
American statehood should be by subscription. Don't want to answer to this year's leadership? Rescind your subscription. Don't pay taxes or receive federal aid. You're on your own until the next subscription cycle.
Why kate middleton &amp; prince william broke up
#space #nasa How to harvest energy from planet Mars dust storms?
Preserve a bunch of families from many different major religions for some million years, then release them and be like "Okay, you're the ambassadors for these religions now" or "what do you think of us now?" when there's humanoid species using advanced technology and space travel around them
We let billionaire get as rich as they can but then massively raise the inheritance tax and give the proceeds to a company owned by every American
If Parler is a free speech platform, can't we just all brigade the entire site witha constant stream of porn or pictures of toenail clippings?
A giant screen in low earth orbit playing Netflix's currently most viewed movie.
Put a contaminated sticker on your car to prevent theft.
Gilding should be revamped to create a better system to hold moderators more accountable for their actions.
We should have reddit pets that we can use karma to change and stuff (like a neopet)
Fly abroad twice a week for a year, with kilos of washing powder hidden beneath your clothing. Make it look obvious so you always get caught by security. When they get bored of wasting their time and start ignoring you, swap the washing powder for cocaine.
Live stream gang neighborhoods 24/7 for anyone to watch
A drama following the activities of an FBI “G-Man” during the mid 1950’s in an alternate history where WWII and many of the events and around it never occurred
Every single software product that updates automatically should have the option to "Install update when I exit" (like Paint.net, for example)
Every day, most relavant post on r/trumpcriticizestrump is posted on Twitter with djt tagged.
8_10_1130pm by Marc Hugs
Youtube channel where people guess things about me and win prizes
avoid traffic using a catapult and a parachute
Netflix should also have recommendations that are opposite of something I just watched, in case I didn't like it
A game
Translate all the songs by The All-American Rejects into Spanish and play them in a band called The All-Mexican Rejects (or another Spanish-speaking country)
An electric powered trailer for transporting cars that can be driven from inside the car itself.
Somebody photoshops Gordon Ramsay’s cooking onto a new plate in a different setting and tweet at him to rate it. Sit back and watch him roast himself.
Make a new Die Hard movie which canonically bridges Die Hard into The Fifth Element, making it an official Die Hard movieR* Rockstar Games - MESSIAH: THIEF IN THE NIGHT
Everyone should start saying “Mandola Effect” instead of “Mandela Effect” to confuse other redditors
When your phone is dying it should play the drowning music from Sonic the Hedgehog
Quietly rename 'The Mandela effect' to 'The mandala effect'
Calculators should have a “time” setting. It changes the layout so that 0.60 becomes 1.00, 60 becomes 1.00.00 and so on, with extra symbols to signify the unit.
I dream of megastructures in Sahara, Gobi and other deserts.
Electricute my tech eacher and kil
Throw cancel culture back in their faces regarding canceling votes. Voting in the mail for thee (Trump) but not for me!
Dishes and glasses should have a hydrophobic coating on the inside.
Tell me how the date is going to end and THEN I'll decide where I'm taking you for dinner.
Since most sports stadiums have no fans, cover the seats and stadium I'm green for a green screen effect
Black Lifes don't matter - drama does
Everyone play the Windows XP startup sound after getting their vaccines
Beerios (Beer-flavored breakfast cereal because fuck it)
Hire a council of top-scoring eighth-graders to review every congressional bill. If all of them can't understand the language in it, it's voided.
Now that Bernie is out, maybe....Anthoney Fauci should hop in the presidential race?
When 6 Lane Highways are completely empty in the middle of the day, the speed limit should go up to 100 mph.
Fine for social media companies that get hacked and user identity infos got stolen. Like $1000 per user or more.
Make the retirement age mandatory for public servants.
A cover band that takes death metal, and turn it into smooth jazz.
call random customer service hotlines and simply say something nice to people who have to deal with angry customers all day.
A towing service for when you're too drunk to drive where you just sit in your car while it gets towed to your house.
A giant yacht with monstertruck wheels and suspension that can retract for sea travel.A presidential debate where the candidates are required to be high while they debate.
A supersonic submarine using hydrodynamics.
Make an ad for STDs with the slogan "Fuck around and find out."
Hook the automatic flush of one toilet up to the toilet in the next stall over, and vice-versa
Astigmatism shaders in videogames.
Any time there is a large protest just drop a slighty lethal virus to case mass chaos and panic and effectively stop protests "peacefully"
Out of toilet paper?
No two shows bookend 2020 better than the viral sensations of Tiger King and Queen’s Gambit. We need a “very special episode” where the casts join up and get vaccinated on live TV. And then they dance.
Allow everyone to vote on everyone else's elections except their own.
Are you into music while creating/coding?
Honey mustard flavored tendies
Capture antivaxx mother's,and their children,and use them as lab rats to test new vaccines.
People Actually Listening To Other Point Of Views
Now that Trump has lost we instate a 'Chud tax'. How will this work, you ask?
A video where Dwayne Johnson and Kevin Hart get drunk together and do a bunch of challenges/games
BoxBar is a unique bar that travels through time
Voting based on answering questions vs voting for a specific party/person
Burn emptied human corpses to generate power.
A sciencefiction space movie that takes all known laws of physics in consideration. No sound while outside of spaceships, no Earth-like friction physics in outer space, etc.
Have the Pope start a gaming channel in order to reach more people.
A bulletproof vest-proof vest
A $1 Million dollar GoFundMe for Mia Khalifa to make up for only making $12,000 off porn.
Today I thought of nothing, but the thought that is nothing was there. Try to think of nothing without thinking about anything. You can't. There is always something.
What would happen if everybody stops smoking?
Upvote and award posts that are posted to either r/pee or r/poop
It’s so crazy it just might work:
If enough people start using Reddit karma on their resumés, it will become socially acceptable. Come on everybody, let's go get some good jobs.
We've created an intuitive service to help you find pornstars
Protect your legacy
Caffeinated cereal
Solve renewable energy and drought in California by pumping desalinated water to the mountains in the summer
College should just be a series of internships where you go have hands on experience with a bunch of different jobs
A sequel to Alien vs Predator where a group of priests try to raid Area 51
An alarm clock app that makes you talk/ converse until you're actually making sense.
Sadly, The Most We Can Do About School Shootings (For Now) Is Add More Doors
An identical copy of FB, except you get a share of the profit every time your information is sold.
Make fictional movies in which conspiracy theories are true to help highlight how unrealistic the plots are.
A phone number for employees who are victimized by customers. It has a recorded message: "This is the manager speaking. I'm out of town today, and I've given full authority to the person who gave you this number. Deal with *them*.
A Netflix series intentionally designed to be ignored while you goof around on your phone
Launch constellation of shading satellites to L1 point and shade Earth to reduce raising temperature
A car with a horn to honk at people behind you, for those pesky drivers practically riding the back of your car.
A car company that builds 1950-70's model cars with up-to-date parts, and keeps them at a regular price.
Inside Look
A vending machine for apps.
We should start an organization called Proud Men. It's only for people who aren't racist pieces of shit.
A button that lets you see if the channel is in a commercial.
Soda gun
Spotify option to save your queue as a playlist
Start a movement where every driving citizen of British Columbia, Canada, sells or cancels insurance on their vehicle and uses a 49cc or less moped/scooter for means of transportation instead.
If you are homeless. Kill a person,you will get a free food and shelter
DELETE FACEBOOK - in the reason for leaving bracket, tell them about all the propaganda and science denying they ignore and to stuff their platform up their butts
DC should continue making solo villain movies with each showing Bruce Wayne progressively growing up, eventually building towards an epic movie like Infinity War where all the villains take on a fully-realized Batman.
No one get tested for Covid so the number of cases drops to 0 and the quarantines are lifted
Oculus Virtual Tanning Bed
“Godfellas” a movie about the 12 apostles, but they are the mafia of Jerusalem.
Put one of every animal in a huge cage and see what lives.
Hire aliens to keep the sun in balance not to interfere with our electronics
A Facebook feature that would give you a list of people who would sleep with you based on how much they've been checking you out.
Smart mask
Buy a parrot, name it Alexa, then teach it to respond to “hey Alexa” commands.
Make a Mad Max Fury road poster surrounding the Biden Bus!!
The us should split into two countries
Online co-working space
Revoke BOTH the 2nd and 19th Amendments for 20 years.
A dating site for incels
A warning should be give if we are about to cross the post limit
An indoor skate park where each level of the building is an exact replica of some of the world’s most famous parks so skaters can experience them who are unable to travel there. On the top floor, an exact replica of the Tony Hawk Underground warehouse to skate in real life.
To be able to still use Mojang account instead of microsoft one in 2022.
When you die and the next election happens the last party you voted for gets your vote.
Instead of all this debate nonsense, let's pick our leaders by having our them run at each other from across the stage and ramming themselves in the head over and over until someone just kinda wins.
become a jew just so you can hate germans
Everyone always owns the piece of land under their feet and it moves with them, except when 1 person stands on another then the lowest person still owns it.
An award called Reddit Cheese, that turns the recipient’s next cake day into a cheese day complete with a cheese icon to replace the cake icon
Give the option for people to deny vaccines but it comes at the cost of all of their healthcare.
John Cena Day- Everyone pretends they can't see John Cena so he's free to do whatever you want and you're free to include photos of him all over your important document scans. Everyone has to roll with it.
Brain replacement injections to prevent finish though s who are you? WTF! Who am I?
Facebook knows now which pages were run by russians back in 2015/2016, right? They know who shared those pages/posts, right? How about a mandatory memory share. "Back in August of 2016 you shared this meme that was created by russian sources intended to elect trump &amp; destabilize the US government
A social network where you can 100% customize your profile, like if it was a website designer
Skates that go on like ski boots
Problem someone can solve to fight this pandamic
Electing a third-party president is only a crazy idea *until* the majority realize it's the only sane idea.
Voluntary eugenics!
“Corona Virus” should have been called “Man Flu”.
A zoo where instead of having sober animals, we drug the fuck out of them, and have them fight, or try to do tricks.
A show like "Masterchef" but the judges are high.
An App that makes your phone heat up enough to disinfect itself.
Go back in time, and convince people that toilet paper is the cure to any pandemic that may come.
Offshore Energy
Let them mute each other's microphone during the debate.
The U.S. should shutdown all non essential travel and work and then start a system where even numbered addresses can go out and run essential errands on one day, and odd number addresses go the next day. This will reduce large groups even more.
Who wants a double double?
We should stop relying on traditional economics
Maybe everyone stops complaining about access to luxuries and being bored, stops hoarding food and TP, offers help to their neighbors and focuses on quelling this health crisis before things are permanently screwed up?
An option to upvote something 25/50/75/100 percent. The uv icon could be shaded green, yellow, orange or red to register whether a post is mildly up voted or hotly up voted. I know for sure not all my uodoots are 100 percent
The argument should be changed from "cancel all student loan debt" to: "allow student loan borrowers who are financially insolvent for several years to discharge their debt via the normal bankruptcy process".
Put a kitchenette in your bathroom.
For the next few months, let’s call Trump ‘Former Reality TV Star Trump’ instead of ‘President Trump’.
My dreams / goals *sub switch around*
Crushed ice, except instead of being frozen water its frozen Jello.
Make an animated Tiger King series for adults.
A subreddit where people post photos of a room they want to make over, and then users make suggestions for furniture and decor based on OP's post and comment history.
THERE’S A NEW STONK IN TOWN...?
The Good Driving Lottery. All of the people who aren’t issued any traffic tickets/violations within a period of a year are entered into a lottery &amp; 10 random good drivers win $100,000 each. Reward good driving instead of always punishing bad driving.
A single 6 year presidential term
Look for Mister good bar
Use nukes
Is there a way to find a true home based jobs
Give anyone who votes a $5 Dunkin donuts gift card
Cities wire speakers throughout major sections where lots of people spend their day and play ambient music that matches the environment. So if it starts raining suddenly there's a bit of somber music to help the mood. Or as the spring time comes around cheerier music will bring in the new life
Someone should start two completely opposite dating companies: one called "Wholesome Dating" which focuses on people dating to find relationships, and one called "Some Hole Dating" which focuses on people dating for sex.
Next year, let's try "No Shit November"...
Instead of G20 submit, the world leaders play a poker game with their respective countries economy at stake.
My grandpas friend caught hawks with his bare hands.
Make it legal to rip off the lower jaw of anyone found chewing with their mouth up open
All of the wine bottled in 2020 should be thrown away, so no one can say this was “a good year”
Heaven forbid we ever need to take down Elon Musk, but if we do, we can call it Elongate.
Have 24 kids and name them after all the people in Guess Who
Have The Swedish Chef as a guest judge on Chopped.
Ban any advertisement that shows/encourages behaviour that supports the spread of the virus.
A Harry Potter music streaming service called Fantastic Beats and Where to Find Them.
Commodity Backed Cryptocurrency
Reddit Fool's Gold
Becoming pope and then breaking down the catholicism. Saying, there are no gods, homosexuality is normal etc and watch the world burn, i gues
A better more accessible and secure way to vote that costs less.
Train birds to pick up litter using robotic pellet dispensers.
Use old people as practice sheets for amateur tattoo artists.
Headphones that detect your level of conciousness and gradually lowers volume as you begin to doze off.
Change the word Senators to the words governmen and governwomen.
Taking water from Venice and using it to put out fires
Like this tweet if your teams rookie is better than Tyler Herro.
If you have earned or hold more than 500 million dollars then whatever surplus you get or earn will lapse within 5 years of holdings and be circulated in the economy.
Why Don't we Build Statues to Inventor
Something's wrong with how schools work, so what about this...
With all the office buildings empty due to COVID, they should repurpose them for indoor farming
Use cruise ships as temporary hospitals for coronavirus patients. The regular hospitals are usually occupied by people who are already medically compromised and exposing them to the virus makes it worse! In ports, they will be effectively quarantined. They also have excellent rooms, and facilities.
laziness insurance. its really expensive cuz of how often people lay on their couch all day and make a claim they should be paid.
Need Ideas!! Please help!!
The ultimate game.
COVID Con, a place for all virus deniers to meet for a month, all expenses paid
Planes racing but not by flying
Movie theaters should pick a movie with a big explosion and play that movie at a specific time so the explosion happens at midnight Jan 1st
Alcoholic Fruit Jelly
Unionizing App
Confuse the models
Self Driving NASCAR.
ELI5: How much energy does it take to levitate a person, and is that much energy available in items laying around a common garage such as a lawnmower or chainsaw or a 240 volt 60 amp electric outlet etc? Or how many of those would have enough energy? Independent of how to transform the energy.
Secret shopper but for police arrests. However the person being arrested is a cop from another precinct that has to feel the terror of being arrested.
Make money in a fast and easy way by selling domain names
I had a dream
A machine that simulates footsteps from time to time to scare burglars away.
Biden should choose a moderate republican as his VP
DIY networks should be required to have an exercise show to help condition people before they start DIY projects. Like a cardio show with people swinging sledgehammers and axes, so that they are physically ready to do the work and don't quit out halfway through the project from lack of conditioning
A free market system, except certain things like medicine and education aren't considered free market.
Combination time travel and weight loss clinic: Check in, spend months getting into amazing shape, check out 5 minutes later.
Reddit should have an online casino where you can bet with your karma. If you lose any and want to get it back, you have to buy gilding. 1-99 karma back, silver. 100-999 karma back, gold. 1000+, platinum.
A corrupt cop simulator game where your objective is to violate as much laws as possible without getting fire or prosecuted.
Everyone in the USA should just refuse to go back to work until we get universal healthcare, at least $15 an hour, free education, and all student debt forgiven. For starters. We have the power. It’s become quite obvious who creates wealth in America. Let’s use this opportunity to make things right.
money money money freeeee
Have Streaming Services Provide Free Access Worldwide For All Their Movies &amp; TV Shows For 60 Days To Help With The Quarantine
Replace fast food drive throughs with 3rd story climb-throughs.
Trump is so racist he gives another meaning to the White House
Get a sex change to the gender of a flower, where it has those things sticking out with the pollen on them, then flash people in public with your pollen and let bees rub on it and film it and sell a porno
Hide titles from /r/pics posts for 60 minutes after the post is made, to reduce the impact of sob stories on people's votes.
If a political candidate claims victory before official results they lose 5,000 votes.
Dating website where the max height for men is 5'7"
A minimum wage based on the gross annual income of the company. In the long run it will benefit everybody who works for larger companies without hurting people who own small businesses
Make movies sounds more life like
People who get a "recovered corona virus certificate" be the only ones allowed to attend a massive rave.No more movies, ever.
Every type of liquid in a car has a different scent of fruit.
If a law maker ever breaks their own law they receive the death penalty
Vote For Who You Want (New voting system for president)
Amazon Prime Dogs* 🐕
Doing this weekly
Every piece of information from the 90s that was “kept on the down-low” must now be revealed!
Scented soaps that complement whatever meal you're having after washing your hands.
A network of pipes that pump orange juice to every house so that people can have orange juice
A summer competition that happens every year. The nba vs wnba.
What if Spiderman shot peanut butter instead of Web?
Beatbox Tournaments to Gather Data for a Neural Net that Will Transform Beatboxing into Music
A digital shower Thermostate so nobody has to try for an eternaty anymore to find a temperature the nasa would consider a habitable zone
A Zombie series or movie where the characters don't do idiotic things, but instead use clever engineering and scientific know-how to keep zombies away and/or eliminate them.
People who recover from COVID-19 get a special badge which makes them in high demand for service jobs
When workplaces open, this is when you can tell the real introverts vs pretend ones
Some people pronounce gif with a g that sounds like gift, some with a g that sounds like giraffe. Piss off both camps and pronounce gif so it sounds like guyf.
Add a phone setting that lets you choose to have a warning/choice pop up when you're about to play music or audio and have no headphones connected. No more accidentally blaring your music in public or a quiet room!
We only put unpopular opinions in r/unpopularopinion
GTA but you play as Kirby
On the anniversary of peoples reddit accounts, they should show a symbol next to usernames to indicate that the account is one year older than the last
A phone number you can call that plays a pre-recorded teleconference, so when you feel sleepy at your open office desk you can go into a meeting room, call into that number on speaker phone, face the wall and snooze. Your cow orkers will think you're in a meeting.
List "I am not Donald Trump" under your qualifications on your resume.
Instead of skydiving with a parachute, It would be more fun to skydive with a jetpack.
Grow a bunch off tiny uteruses in your brain which each grow a fetus which has a tiny insect-like brain at first, and keep growing those brains until they merge with your brain to get extra brain cells and become super smart
Have a camera surgically implanted in your stomach so you can post pics of your meals just after you've eaten them on Instagram
Guns used by cops should have a camera under the barrel that automatically turns on once the safety is taken off.
Cancel carbon taxes and instead require all businesses to have machines that separate carbon and o2, compress the carbon into bricks and ship it back to mines and quarries that are abandoned.
Reality will always be insane
Text messaging app that knows when you put two thumbs, to make one left and one right.
Dogglebox. Watch my dog watch me watching Dogglebox
Sharknado but with the Street Sharks
Jordan Peele runs as Obama president
Put a turbocharger on your heart
If we could just rate/review TV commercials like we do online items
Getting 5 GB of free iCloud storage for every Apple device
Anti anti riot glue gun that shoots a goo round that plugs water cannons. Instant potato gun or something.
Reddit should host an annual lottery where they turn one users karma score to actual currency.
Show series in cinemas, an episode each week, half of the price of a movie or less, sell popcorn, profit.
Make all packaging edible so there is no more trash
Legalize rape, then pump women under a certain BMI full of the sex hormone testosterone, so I don’t have to work to get laid anymore!
If you are outside the return window on Amazon, there be a way for you to: Send the product back to Amazon, and have them list it for sale as 'used but like new' and then when someone buys it, Amazon can take a higher percentage of the profits than they usually do
Primaries should vote on President AND Vice-President
Recognize the Armenian Genocide instead of pretending like it never happened
Foldable personal shopping cart
I thought this idea belonged here
Changes to the government strictly for accountability.
Company named InstantDeath that if you want to die, before they inject you with a samurai sword inside your house they have your family members you wish to approve your death warrant sign the paper, you sign the paper, so its legal, then adios goes their head, hence the name InstantDeath
Gaslight someone by sending a birthday and Christmas card to their home address every year from a made up family.
A porno parody of "The Office" called "The Orifice"
Decide that "Smh" now means "Shakin My Hips"
Petition Microsoft to make CTRL - Shift - S the shortcut for SpongeBob text.
All Coronavirus-related posts should be tagged with NSFW.
eat a shoe
What will happen if babies are given to parents randomly
Recreate the show Cops with only body-cam footage
Rigid Boxes For Sunstone Trendy Jewelry Pieces
YouTube should take out words like "death" in suggestions to avoid spoilers
Blimp rocket
Treat people as stocks ... People can buy other people's stock if they see great future growth potential ... Imagine investing $100 on the Elon Musk when he was 20.
Allow candidates in political debates to request fact checks which moderators can look into during commercial breaks
if you title a post “idk if this belongs here” don’t post it :)
What if we can create God?
The salary of politicians should equal the average income of a woman in their country.
What do you guys think of this idea?
We should make a videogame with Coronavirus reference...
Prescribe THC before opiates.
A captcha that's a randomised line of capital "i" and normal L and the correct answer is getting the order wrong
A line of satellites between the earth and the moon/mars so that communications can be faster.
Now that there is no more dining-in at restaurants, we should start tipping grocery store cashiers and baggers instead
1%
Play basketball while ice skating
Only women should get to vote about the right to abortion, but only men should get to vote about alimony paid to them.
Mental gymnastics experts
Subreddit Corruption score, or the ratio (%) of off-topic or rule breaking posts in a subreddit to total posts, daily. Subs approaching 100% corruption have their rules updated to reflect the change in dynamic, and an alternate 'classic' sub created with the original rules.
A modern time capsule music festival where each year all attendees wear POV video cameras during their visit. Allow the world and future generations a VR experience from every possible POV and sell the performers POV experience for the charity of their choice
give youtube like a 1p video resolution
My post apocalyptic dream job is an executioner for the rich.
A reality TV show a la "Chopped", but with craft material.
My idea to how to solve the Corona Virus problem
A yes/no vote for should everyone in the government be fired right after the next series of job interviews
What if someone created a charity called “thoughts and prayers” which gave money to pay for the mental health of kids who experienced a school shooting?
It's been long enough. Create a new flag for the United States of America that represents the real people of this nation. Those seeking peace, truth, equality, and forward thinking.
Hunger games for drag queens who think they’re about to be on rupauls drag race
Ghostbusters Proton Pack that can suck away the voices
Have Steve Harvey announce the winner of the 2020 Presidential Election
With all the recent misleading headlines in the news section on Reddit, we should change it so that only articles can be posted with only a link.
Declare the violent protests an act of war
A show where big name directors intentionally create dumpster fire scripts for short 5-10 minute films, exchange them with each other, and try to make the best film they can while sticking to the script.
For non-violent crimes have prisoners build or rehab homes for low-income and elderly people. They can give back to society and gain valuable work skills at the same time. It's better than making license plates or picking up litter.
PS5 and XBox Scarlet launch holiday 2020, then on January 1st, Sega pulls a masterfully executed Surprise Motherfucker and launches the Dreamcast 2 after a long awaited 22 years of development, and outperforms all competitors by replacing their RAM with the secret untapped power of midget testicles.
Meet the president
Let's start calling USA North Mexico
Smart wearables that detect heart rate should connect to your tv to pause Netflix when you fall asleep.
Right before leaving office Trump legalizes marijuana, a universal basic income, Medicare for all, $15 minimum wage, green new deal, and breaks up the tech giants just so his successor has no idea what to do next.
A gay dating app called Grundle (grindr x bumble) where bottoms message first
a whorehouse thats like a minigolf course. On the 18th hole it goes in and you cant get it back.
Drive thru restaurants should outsource their intercom employees to India and Pakistan to save money on, labor.
This is the perfect time to make the "Wakanda Forever" gesture the world's official handshake.
A wind-up mechanical powerbank to charge your phone.
A postal subscription where subscribers pay a monthly subscription ($20-$25) and can ship packages (up to 50lbs) or letters anywhere in the world as much as they'd like. Think Prime but for everyone. Would give people &amp; businesses a fighting chance against Amazon &amp; help fledgling postal service.
Historic people could be people from the future to guide our race by making inventions/discoveries.
New challenge trend. it’s called Debraining. You basically extract your friends brain, stitch them back up and leave them in an empty hallway with their brain next to them for someone to find! You just got Debrained!
Enamored by life
You have to be able to solve a Rubics cube to be let out of isolation. That would nicely stagger the starting up process.
Review of Underground Sales System
ASUS should ship their high-end Zenbook 13" with Ubuntu installed.
I thought of some laws that could be put in place to help prevent police brutality
Sail trains
An app where you can search for movies and find out every streaming service it’s on
We need NA for The people of Instagram and tik-tok. Because 1 like is too many and 1000 likes is never enough.
With patient approval, stream surgeries like sports to increase revenue for hospitals
What if instead of bullying people of the lgbtqia+ community, we welcomed them and loved them. Please.
I'm not against having bird as a pet. But if you put them in cage, you're a bad person.
How I think some self help books should be written
Someone should breed a poodle and great dane. We can call it a Scooby Doodle.
A horror phone game like Pokemon Go
What if Maga Nation is a survival trait, where when a group gets too large (USA) and a subset of that group no longer feels like a part of the big group, they then splinter off into a new smaller group and to ensure survival, all logic goes out the window and only loyalty to the group remains.
A smartphone without planned obsolescence which isn't made in a building where people occasionally jump off the roof.
Inventing portal technology and using it not for anything important, but taking your cocaine to Oregon, snorting it then coming right back.
Rename r/publicfreakouts to r/whitepeoplefreakout and rename r/actualpublicfreakouts to r/blackpeoplefreakout
A pencil that looks like a piece of poo, called the #2 pencil...
Two Pokemon main series branches: one with new games in new generations with the current art style targeted to kids and another with reimagined past games in a new engine à la Resident Evil remakes for the older fans
A service like Uber for people specifically equipped to death with harsh weather.
We should celebrate different holidays based on the previous years global accomplishments each ascending year.
A book written from the perspective of Inspector Gadget detailing his pregnancy called "What to Inspect when you're Inspecting". The book should include graphic and explicit illustrations of Gadget's nude body.
Free Minecraft Codes
Saying "ok boomer" to your parents
Reverse fantasy football
Make an action movie filled with car chases, but all the actors are in slow cars.
Start 1st day of classes with the Final exam. Your lowest exam score can be swapped for the score of the 1st day Final. Having seen the final, you know what to expect throughout the semester and how to prepare.
Have electric car jumper cables so if you run out of battery you can get a bit of juice from someone who has some to spare.
Some super famous millionaire/billionaire should start a new "ice bucket challenge" type of campaign giving a sizable donation to people affected by the economic hit from COVID-19 and then challenge their famous friends to match them
Barns n' No Bull
Make a website where people can see when there is a sex scene in a movie, so you can avoid awkward moments with your parents.
An action/ comedy movie centered around a wilderness expert making a crocodile hunter style film
Mattis for president
Only People Who Pass a Brain Scan Test (that shows their Cognitive Centers Still Work when they are in an Emotional State) Should be Allowed to Vote:
A Little Mermaid remake but it's centaurs.
This could be a million dollar idea
a blockchain secure ID for voting online. With two step verification and your vote can still be anonymous. Link it to your social security number.
A TV show called AmongUS where 10 people are put together in a living space for a period of time. 8 are from around the USA and 2 are foreign voice actors who try to fool the others into voting off who they think are the Imposters.
Reddit should have a "please stop showing me alcohol ads" setting.Crazy voting technique in UK -I think
Tell kids Santa goes to houses without masks last.
A voluntar marking on your drivers license or ID that prohibits you from buying alcohol.
They Should Make Automobiles That Use Noise Cancelling Technology To Make The Vehicle Silent Inside.
Perform a robbery in a wheelchair, cops will never suspect you if you're walking about casually
We should counteract Cancel Culture by letting them literally cancel... EER'THANG!!!
On December 31 on 00:00 hrs we all should type " Why is there a giant health bar in the sky? " into Google
Do a GoFundMe to make rick roll an ad during the superbowl
NBA should instead have all of their players have a gaming tournament against each other as their own characters
Remake classic slasher movies, but instead of the highschool cheerleader as the protagonist, take a world champion MMA fighter.
Sign a petition for Trump to eat magic mushrooms for self reflection.
A reboot of "Jurassic Park" set during the American Civil War, featuring Sam Neill as Ulysses S. Grant and Jeff Goldblum as Abraham Lincoln.
If we don’t have a itch but think we do, we still scratch it.
Make 1/100th of a penny paper currency so people can cash out their coupons
Seinfeld to be new host of Jeopardy
Use a live lobster to stab people. When someone dies, you can just blame it on the lobster.
Once Coronavirus subsides, make T-Shirts that say “I Survived The Coronavirus Pandemic”
A company where everyone's salaries are randomised each month. Maybe you'll get minimum wage, maybe you'll get six figures. You just never know.
On Christmas this year, everyone play "Merry Merry Christmas" by John Legend instead of All I Want for Christmas is You.
Hear me out. A chip glue
The next presidential debate should just be a fight to the death.
Puppy Year's Eve: Like the Puppy Bowl, but for New Year's Eve.
Every time someone gets an award on reddit, they get the money instead of reddit stealing all your breesh
If negative oil prices means people pay you to get it, take advantage of that to acquire enough oil and money to infiltrate the Republican party/power structure and change things from the inside
A Great Firewall for the US to keep foreign influence from engaging in social engineering. When we identify the sources, and the American people can calm down from so much saturation then we can ease it up.
Sell belts without any adjustment holes. It either fits your waist or it doesn’t.
To fight porch pirates, you should be able to tell Amazon to deliver a bunch of decoy packages along with your real one.
A heater powered by ice. As water freezes it gets a little bigger. If that squeezes something into a smaller volume, that thing must get hotter, and thats the heater side, leaving the ice side farther away.
CNN should choose to not clean the vandalism on their sign outside their HQ.
Instead of specifying ingredients for left and right sides of pizzas in the app or website, we should be able to specify left, right, top, and bottom ingredients so that the perpendicular and therefore overlapping half sides create quadrants with two slice overlap.A silent alarm/sound recorder device, easy to hide &amp; use, provided from schools to children who are suspected to be victims of abuse.
Chess but the pawns are checkers pieces
A bot that cross references mediabiasfactcheck.com anytime a news article is linked and posts the results as a comment.
An idea for a "value" video game line.
Identical triplet magicians who advertize as twins, so that many of their acts seem impossible.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau should dress up as Santa Claus and live stream getting vaccinated.
APRIL FOOLS DAY JOKE. On the day April 1st. Everyone just text I LOVE YOU they have on their PHONE list. Thinking if they really mean it. THE CURE TO DEFEAT THE COVID19 IS THE "I LOVE YOU" VIRUS PART 2. Lol
If I were a billionaire I would destroy the tv show "Can't pay, We'll take it away" by paying off everyone that they have on the show (assuming it's real.)
Selling online content views (e.g. Youtube ads) should be outlawed
http://www.FoolQuest.com is my own crazy idea repository. Enjoy!
When a plumber dies, use their bones to make plungers and that way they won't be forgotten after death.
A gaming mouse with WSAD keys on the top.
A War of the Roses documentary where all the actors are Game of Thrones alumni playing their character's closest historical counterpart
How to reduce the problem of wildfires
Put a Klondike Bar in the Middle of the Protest to see what people do
Extra help with the extra pounds.
We all know the anniversary of your Reddit account is your cake day. Let's mark the time for which you have 69k karma and call it your "cookie days"
Half of the land (125 million acres) owned by the federal government should go to every citizen alive when the law is passed. The government would assign you a nonspecific piece of land, that becomes specific when you agree to occupy it. This would allow for the efficient building of a road system
Design a computer case that doubles as a HEPA air purifier
How about a fukin edit username option in reddit.
A communist political party in USA. If you advocate free healthcare, food, and internet, you might as well call yourself a communist.
A new charity model
Lets Blow up mount Rushmore .Thoughts flow through the universe like a wind, our brains are sails that harness that wind. Harnessing the positive or the negative aspects of that wind all depends on how you set your sail.
GTAV update with reduced amount of pedestrians and all of them to wear masks due to coronavirus
Please hear me out.
Little Debbie Pecan Swirlwheels, but with a layer of chocolate swirled up with it.
Young people deliberately catch and spread coronavirus to hasten the demise of the Boomers and save the planet
A new trend where people dont use social media for two months and then post a collage of their progress of whatever projects they're working on.
Vaccines work
Want your children to behave? Pick up a free litter of kittens from Craigslist.
JJ's mystery box is an inception machine that he used to incept Jar Jar into George Lucas' mind
Olympics where one of the limbs of the participating athlete is anesthetized
Standardized tests conducted by experts in the fields towards subjects like sports, politics, movies, etc.
Reusable PPE could save many lives in a future pandemic
Facebook should have to option of public friends and comunication friends
Three words: Elon Musk's Podcast
what if a little covid is good for you cuz it builds immunity to if more covid comes all at once? If so, then trying to keep all the covid away from everyone could come back to haunt us.
Tired of waiting on your order? Have Amazon shoot the package at your house with a delivery cannon.
Prank video: go to tattoo shops asking for tattoo of corona virus because you just tested positive for covid.
An election where candidates aren't allowed to disclose their party affiliation, gender, race, or physical appearance.
Offer incredibly generous tax credits to people who drive around in Flintstones-style cars. Legalize their use on all public streets, highways, and interstates.
How To Make Formula 1 Racing Better, Fairer &amp; More Interesting
Donald trump/USA politics filter, not just from titles but contents as well.
SIMPLE IDEA: What if every person on Earth will pay $1 for one comon goal ? I did simple app for that. We can use all that money for charity :)
Invent/sell mouth and nose masks separately and demand that people use both to be protected against the coronavirus
Custom Shower curtains with a giant image of your face on it for your In-laws. The son they never wanted, the curtains they ABSOLUTELY never wanted!
Drunkin' Donuts: It's a bar at night but sells donuts in the morning.
Creating a character for a project. But I NEED YOU to decide for me where to start.
Mussel burritos
Encourage hockey referees to take steroids and join/instigate fights with players
You’ll be having crazy ideas of me when you see me on my free onlyfans 💦
Have an /r/askhistorians bot comment "Make you jokes here" so that posts get more attention
Have a "replier" flair/trophy designation for users so that you can know if the person who made the post is likely to respond to your comment or not
A dinosaur train movie.
Museums that are closed from the pandemic should temporarily donate artwork to nursing homes and hospitals where people are dying alone from COVID-19.Bring back public beheadings, but only for non-crimes that are just incredibly irritating.
IF YOU LIKE ADVENTURE YOU CAN'T NOT TAKE THE "SURVIVAL GRANADE"! GRENADEIT'S FREE!
Al Gore should release a hip hop themed documentary about A.I. and machine learning called “Al Gore Rhythm”Al Gore should release a documentary about A.I. And machine learning called “Al Gore Rhythm”
Scented gasoline. Make pollution smell good
A Mexican restaurant called "Nacho Business".
Howie Mandel Themed Restaurant. Hear Me Out. Please.
Public door handles you hit with your feet, call them fandles
A sitcom where laugh tracks are only played in the most serious moments.
Reintroduce the literacy test in the US with three simple questions that a person has to get all correct to be eligible to vote to help filter out some of the anti-vax Karens.
Instead of profanities or other words that may be inappropriate, use a form of the word “smurf”.
For the next debate, have Mike Pence's fly debate Chris Wallace
Dell Inspiron 14 5000 5490 14 Inch FHD Laptop
Government should plant low-care fruit trees on public property
Save the US government 80 million a year and turn minimal security prisons into highly guarded and watch communities where they work for minimum wage.
Prank idea: a usb cable where both orientations are wrong
Alarm clock, but snooze button is a wireless button that can be placed anywhere (ex: put snooze button on bathroom to force yourself to get out of bed and take a shower in the morning)
A fake artificial intelligence bot where you actually talk to another person.
Name the Washington football team “The Cannibals” with a dinner party zombie theme
Groundhog Day: The Game; Exactly like the game "Hitman" except without the stated goal of killing people.
A stoner theme park
Put a flat earther on a call with another flat earther on the other side of the planet and watch them argue over what the time js.
A subreddit called r/IsItDogshit which would focus on wether not things you make are good or bad.
A space themed restaurant that only serves breakfast and dinner called "Failure to Lunch"
A buddy cop movie featuring Betty White and Angela Landsbury.
A vending machine that dispenses smaller vending machines of which return specific pieces to make a giant vending machine
Ability to change the digital cartoon car that's picking you up in the Lyft or Uber app to something fun like a tank or snowmobile
Host a MAP parade, that is actually a march off a cliff.
Pricing and selling foods according to their calorie level.
A public database that names and shames the dumbasses who post anti-masker and Covid conspiracy bullshit on social media.
Give tins of spaghetti a removable label, then you can put them directly on the hob
add little timer displays to faucets to let s know how long the water has been on. It could help with hand washing properly.
Teach everyone worldwide a sign language in school so there's no more language barrier
Mortal Kombat should add Joe Rogan as DLC
Trump vs. Obama in a head-to-head match play golf challenge on PPV, with the proceeds going to charity.
College is expensive!
Go on Craigslist to the missed connections section. Convince everyone there that you are the person they are looking for and that you will meet them at Applebee's at a specific time. Hide out at Applebee's at the bar or somewhere you can see everyone but not get noticed. Then see who all shows up.
All quarantine neglecters must be put in a prison and fight it out like in the hunger games
Poison or infect the world then offer the antidote only if you're elected
A scientific study that teaches gorillas to weight lift for treats so we can see who really is the strongest being on the planet.
a metal horse that, with a person laying along its back, runs faster than most cars
A hamster plamet
How about USA should be paid to do a political assassination by any organization.
A "Love is blind" style tv show, but the men are all neck beards and incels and the women are all 400 lbs +
You know how post surgical patients get patient controlled analgesia (PCA) for their pain, how about psychiatric nurses get nurse controlled sedation (NCS) for overly aggressive patients.
Make a Home Alone TV show where every episode is Kevin having to defend his home from some new ridiculous threat.
Imagine making everything simple
Creation Of The World Good Vs Evil
The meaning of life (maybe)Make a reality show where Nicholas Cage impersonators fight in a cage match to decide who gets the come up with the plot of his next movie
Off brand bug spray should start making meth laced with bug repellent to keep the meth bugs away
Since vinegar kills viruses, put some on your hands.In quantum mechanics the waveform will collapse upon being viewed, and in entanglement we want something to be in one state. I hereby declare that by only observing *half* the situation, you can determine what the other half is. Hence saving half the effort needed to cause entanglement.
Incorporate aspects of this lockdown to every day life when things do return to normal instead of telling everyone to physically go back to work, school, etc
Buy a Batman cowl off of amazon, put it one when you poop so you can pretend to be pooping Batman
A new calendar system where 2020 is 0.
A community-oriented knowledge-graph management software
A service that helps workers from different industries organize unions for one another, so they don't get blacklisted from their own profession.
TV remote controls should glow in the dark, so they're easier to see under/behind the couch
Schools should have one term per school year where the students are allowed to work on whatever project/s they want for that term to combat the general feelings of shitness that constant working towards exams entails.
MarioKart Wii should be remade exactly as is, but in VR.
A game that gives you a random picture/text posted on Reddit and you have to guess what subreddit it was submitted on. If you are correct, you gain a point.
We should make a building so strong that even if a plane crashed into it at twice the speed of sound, anyone inside it wouldn't even know.
Shawshank Redemption, except when Red rolls up on Andy on the beach in Mexico, NWA Fuck the Police starts playing.
Banks should have a special promotion: whatever your blood alcohol level is at midnight on New Year's Eve, that's the interest rate on your savings account for the year.
a multi gender bathroom but instead of a single toilet its a whole ass public restroom but instead of stalls its small cozy square rooms with 3 inch thick walls and a public sink section
"Plague Inc. Go!" A mobile game with similar mechanics of Pokemon Go! but with the objectives of Plague Inc.
A website which simplifies terms and agreements form of various famous products to tell us the information which we lose and care about.
Allow every fast food workers 3 times per year where they can punch a belligirent customer
Just heard about this app where you can make money watching TikTok videos
We should use this time to really grasp ahold of the truth. Focused on the viewpoint from an USA citizen.
A website where you have to pay more than the previous person to have your name displayed. I created it!
Separate out "National Debt Tax" as a line item on income tax so that citizens can feel its burden.
Wikipedia should have a "search article" bar.
Create a program which takes a subreddits history, and takes all posts and matches them up with topics. Then calculates which topics are correlated with upvotes, so you know what to talk about to be appreciated.
A cooking show but instead of cooking, the contestants have to make a song. Instead of ingredients, they are given random instruments, also a theme, and a time limit
Re-popularize Dance Dance Revolution.
A fridge with a camera in it so you can see what food you have at home before leaving work.
Are we changing the world or is the world changing us?
Every country in the world have a 2020 Covid governance election to see what populations think of how this leadership handled the pandemic. Winner is the new government.
A sport where you jump out of a hovering helicopter above sand dunes attached to the top of a very tall, skinny metal spike.
Society should completely get rid of all currency, and work for love instead.
Microscope + Telescope = far and small things
Manufacture car cameras with GPS, and sell the backdoor to insurance companies so they can see really what happened and screw over the drivers.....wait a minute! Is this actually a thing already?
An action movie (even if it's a comedic one as long as it's not a parody) where the villain's scheme is to release a new novel virus around the world every year so the positive trends that emerged during this particular quarantine stick/keep being reinforced by us having to do it again
Start selling hotcakes
A sub where google-earth-cars drivers post about weird things they have seen while doing his job.
A "prioritize call" option on your phone, so even if you put your phone on silent mode, it rings if that person calls. Used for your boss or your parents.
We should convince Antifa stop wearing face masks now that everyone else is
We should abolish all gun control measures and replace them with a single requirement: all gun owners have to join and train with a local militia.
Reddit let people customize their subreddits’ vote buttons, so they should also let them customize wallpaper as well.
"Touch parties", where you invite people over to dip their fingers in filthy things and touch any part of your body they'd like. This is a service you're required to pay for despite it being nothing you want. It's expensive.
Sell pre-cracked raw eggs, just the whites and yolks, inside plastic Easter egg containers.
Encourage mask wearing by legalizing vigilantism for mask wearers using superheroes as a precedent
There should be a "Cash it all out" function on the ATM. For those who want to withdrawal all the money they have, without input the right amount.
Ban the Selection of Vice Presidential Candidates, instead awarding the position to the 2nd place presidential candidate. Keep the rest of the rules as-is.
Lefties, you can protest each individual thing as it comes up, but you would be better with simple "Fuck News Corp" banners across ALL events. They are the ones who are peddling dangerous myths to a right-wing audience
Change speed limits to miles per half hour so its twice as fast
Noisy residents should be rehoused next to deaf residents
The new adult age
Supermarket Sweep 2021: Instead of a timer, you can shop as long as you can hold your breath
BMW-prone driver license applicants should undergo more stringent lessons &amp; testing procedures regarding turn signals.
Toiletpaper prices should rise exponentially based on how many you're buying
A social network like Twitter, but only allows for one word posts and replies
We get rid of fox and CNN and outlaw nitpicking news storys.
An adult cam show where whatever video the viewers link, the performer has to masturbate to until orgasm.
If goverment dosent want to start prosecuting the police don't pay taxes
Games that allow you to deviate from the prescribed main story progress if you figured out the answer from information gathered by exploring already.
Call of Duty should have an infinite points mode in Zombies for players that are brand new and want to go around messing with stuff and learning the maps better.
A Reddit app/plugin that automatically deletes anything you post. This way, you can type out argument is raging in your head to help clear your head, get the satisfaction of submitting it... but not have to deal with actually finding yourself in a worthless Reddit argument.
Instead of setting up a "wet floor" sign, set up a wet "floor" sign
Digital signs above the highway should alternate through Life Pro Tips.
Cars should have a fuel mode that shuts down the engine but keeps everything else running while you fuel up
An app that sends you fake notifications thru banner notif, message, dummy email app, etc, then once you open them, it shows you your custom message e.g “go back to work” “go live your life” “move on”
A phalanx of Catgirls is following you everywhere and is clapping in support while you do things
You know those no touch motion sensors in office doors behind fingerprint scanners? Replace automatic toilet sensors with those as the lever.
Let's normalize saying you too when waiters tell you to enjoy your food.
You know those Axe throwing bars? Why not that concept but with archery? Mixture of top golf and axe throwing.
r/unpopularopinion should just be a bot looking for the most downvoted comments on reddit
What if instead of having age limit check on pornographic websites, visitors would need to take an online sex education quiz(covering topics such as consent, orientation,etc.) monthly. Only visitors scoring above a set limit will be able to access further.
A browser script that replaces 'police' with 'mafia'
Start calling the day after tomorrow: Threemorrow.
Ben 10 should get a live action adaptation as a movie or TV series. It's either going to be insanely good or insanely bad, and both sound equally promising.
KFC without potassium is just a Football Club
We need to put pesticides in the food supply in Iran to stop them from making nukes... They're our enemy
Risk/reward of posting your ideas online
Combine a fast-food restaurant with an automatic carwash. You drive by the pickup window, get your food, then drive straight into the carwash portion. Eat your food as you watch your car getting cleaned.
Create a Summer School for all ages, called “How to Know What You Need and Ask for Help While Losing A Sense of Dignity and Self Respect”
Body cameras should not have the ability to be manually turned off, only by a 3rd party remotely. There should also be very strict consequences for being on duty with that camera off or being covered up.
Fake knockoffs of germ killing UVC lights are being sponsored on Amazon
Recruit your atheist friends for any supernatural ritual you are planning to do.
A place where you can rent high speed internet
Add a "sort by low score" feature to Reddit, so you can see posts/comments which has low votes or downvoted!
All international disputes are decided by the Olympics instead of war. Don't like it? Better practice gymnastics, bitch ass!
Write, film and edit a feature-length movie. Overlay the relevant portion of the movie's screenplay onto the actual scenes.
A "bedtime-mode" for YouTube, where the ads are significantly quieter and you don't want to sleep and get a heart attack from "RAID SHADOW LEGENDS NOW on pc"
Star Wars: New series, A group of Storm Troopers on a transport are headed back to civilization after a long, distant deployment. They are abandoned at a remote fuel stop when the Empire collapses.
MAGA face masks.
Split the US into two countries: Conservia and Leftlandia and make it mandatory to move if your political philosophy doesn't agree with where you live.
Movie streaming sites like Netflix and Hulu should have a comments section for their shows
A way for healthcare for all in the US.
A presidential campaign where the candidate promises to have dividers installed between every urinal.
Make the next Black Panther a teamup with a second black panther from Thailand or Malaysia since that's where most black panthers are from. Together they will battle Amtaham, Mahatma Ghandi's violently non-resisting polar opposite who's seeking to retake India for the British Empire.
A game like Forza Horizon but you play as Sonic the Hedgehog
Arm &amp; Hammer should market a bacon flavored soft drink and call it Arm &amp; Hammer Bacon Soda.
Require stores to turn off their lighted signs when they’re closed.
The lines that connect comments to their replies should be each of a different color, to easily connect the reply with the right comment.
Are you lonely? Are you a zombie? If you answered "Yes" to both of these questions then download the new "Dead Meet" zombie dating app today!
Showers should have upward-facing faucets on the floor for washing your armpits / crotch / bottoms of your feet
A Mario game where you fight Captain Lou Albano as the final boss and the only way to beat him is to do the Mario better than him.
Movies and Tv shows should be free after X amount of time on a single website.
Slime Debates
Nut 30 or less times November
New TV Reality Show: "Naked and Fillet'd" - Three aspiring chefs are sent into the jungle with no clothes and must create their signature dishes.
We should change the term "country" back to "tribe" to show how much we've devolved.
Governments across globe should stop taking any kind of taxes on any, zero tax &amp; any development, for example new roads, must be built with donations collected by govt.
A Mario reissue from all the games from the start to today except no timers in any levels.
Train yourself to always expect the unexpected
John Jurasek, that guy who reviews fast food, should review prostitutes the same detailed way.
Wikipedia should have a button to add or reduce the complexity of the text to adapt to the level of depth we came for and that depends largely on whether we come for example for a basic explanation or a university essay.
An Application, similar to "Siri", which follows our activities (browser history, microphone, messages) just to be the passive-aggressive narrator of our life.
Bluetooth headphones you can charge with your phone
Deodorant combined with bug spray?
Yes
The word Couchcuntatoe. A word the perfectly describes a couch cunt. A cunt that will never leave the couch. This may come in handy with all the Covid after effects. Lots of people including counts just looking to be on the couch.
Stores could save a lot of money on paper and maybe even make a buck here or there if they charged you for paper receipts and actually didn't print them unless you wanted them.
What if all these World War 3 draft memes are actually posted by the US military to get Zoomers and Millennials used to the idea of being conscripted
To hear that there was a bar fight with all involved being sober.
My front door should act as my hype man. “Eyoooo! Look who’s back!” “Oh, my man is going out for noooooodles!”
Crazy idea. Instead of trying to force 3 billion people to adapt to ever changing non-binary inclusive language, we just change the descriptions of the current language
VelociTea (It's just pure, all-natural organic tea. And it has meth in it.)
car harness at 14
Spotify should add an option in which you can exclude remixes from the shuffle mode on artist pages
there is some distance and angle and wind speed, that if you shoot a little above someone the bullet will slow down from air resistance and by the time it gets there it lands in their hand like a penny dropped from the sky
Eye doctor’s name board made slightly blurry to trick people into getting their sight checked out
Inflatable moon for Venus
Denim socks ?
Super natural abilities
Couldn’t we end the U.S. “national coin shortage” by just having a “Tax Free if You Pay with Change” week?
Squidward just means 'in the direction of squid'
Release both versions of the Sonic the Hedgehog movie at the same time in theaters
Fill stadiums with robots that can be controlled remotely which you rent to "attend" a game or concert.
With Regards to the Houston Astros Situation, Why Doesn't MLB Mimic what the Italian Soccer League Did in 2006 and Punish the Team with Negative Games Behind?
All restaurants that serve rice, ask the diner how many grains of rice they want instead of 1 or 2 plates.
You should be able to turn the "canned laughter" on / off on sitcoms like you can turn subtitles on / off.
Air Zoo?
Vapes, but instead of nicotine, it releases a small dose of some prescription medication.
Dont freak out over the coronavirus; wash your hands and don't touch your face.
Every state should declare the Monday after Super Bowl Sunday a holiday, if your state’s team is in the Super Bowl.
Relationship Dilemma.
How about someone make a creature feature movie where the creatures don’t eat you with their mouth, but with their hands instead
Ideas for society
A new google search button that automatically adds 'reddit' to the end of the search
Travel back in time, amaze everybody with technology and communicate only by beatboxing
DRY HANDS? TOO BAD! With the entire country suddenly compulsively washing and sanitizing their hands and everything else they can think of while selfishly buying up all the 'ESSENTIALS' Instead of worrying about the lack of tp or what have you...
A 4 x 5.5 cm mirror that reflects all the germs and bacteria to the object in the reflection.
Take all the people with the best credit score, then find the one with the best metrics and give them an extra point to show that they're above all other borrowers.
Gas stations should round up and down the price for refueling your car to an even amount of money. So you don’t get the small change when you’re not hitting the exact amount you wanted.
Use CRISPR to remove the Neanderthal DNA strain from future children so they are COVID-19 resistant.
A ‘procrastination olympics’ where world-class procrastinators can compete.
Petflix: A movie channel to keep dogs and cats entertained at home
Full contact coloring contests
we, the blind scientists, want everyone to know our dedication to our craft. On TV every show we're shown as bumbling fools (eg Professor Frink on The Simpsons).
Allow anyone to walk out of prison but the only way out is across 10 miles of barbed wire, broken glass, honey, bees, and gators.
The goalposts should move during the second half of a football game.
An Eclipse plugin that lets me use meme gifs instead of names for my variables, methods, and classes.
Make a movie that starts off as a slap-stick comedy and have it slowly become a serious drama/thriller.
A funnel-like device that men can attach to their penis, so they don't get the "double stream" while peeing
Government Elected Official Salaries Should Be Directly Proportionate to Their Approval Rating
If both mother and father could breastfeed.
A frame with retractable wheels that fits over a horse allowing the rider to peddle it when the horse tires. The ‘Horscycle’.
Why is terraforming Mars suppose to be difficult?
Everyone in the world who survives this year gets matching tattoos. Everyone. Even the babies.
Have Chick-fil-A cater my funeral
Create a dating app where everyone’s profile photos are cropped to only show everything from the eyes up to mimic wearing a mask. Once you match with someone, you’re able to see their full, unedited photos. Call it something like “Maskr.”
A browser plugin, turned on or off with a toolbar button, like adblock, except it only shows ads and blocks everything else, cuz sometimes ads that precisely align with your interests are useful but you dont want them interfering when you're doing something else.
We need to make eating a** more mainstream!
HP ZBook 15 G5
Wow people are going to hate this
What if instead of sauce n stuff inside ravioli, what if it was just spaghetti
Giant, rocket powered, hyperbolic reflections domes for nuclear bombs made of tungsten and filled with a radiation dampening water based compound so that the blast spreads laterally not up and the water turns to steam to cause more damage
It often floods in East Texas, and is hot and dry in arizona/california, why not build a pipeline from Texas to California, diverting the flood waters to where it's needed?
Dive into an active volcano while wearing a shark fin on your back so everyone will be scared of the shark for 0.21 seconds before you perish in molten lava
Sanders Warren/Warren Sanders for President
"Gravimeric Motors" are bing used in secret by many major governments. This system pushes itself through the earth's (or sun's) electromagnetic field and is basically an anti gravity device.
Write messages with your semen on hotel room walls for future people to find when checking for cleanliness using a black light.
Ownnit: Sell your knowledge and make money from your passion.
Using onion skins to make a green paper plastic
COVID-19 is nature’s intervention to stop us from surpassing a dangerous threshold with climate change.
Something that can do your dishes AND make you a sandwich
What are the ten commandments?
Create a special episode of Scrubs that is just Dr Cox making fun of anti maskers.
Turn all these empty school into temporary hospitals.
HR should be employed the government, instead of the companies they work at, so that they aren't incentivized to protect upper management who commit HR violations
Make gender pronouns female: s/he, he/r, fe/male, and make other pronouns fit this format
Build a house slightly off level so when it settles it actually becomes level
Social media platform based on hate
Change your name to Covid Covid Covid. Dont call me Mr Covid. Mr covid is my father. Just call me Covid.
A door-to-door service that checks if you are a human and sends free cookie samples
Pretty sure i just bought a stolen phone
Uplift apes
something like invisalign that people wear over their teeth when eating popcorn so nothing gets caught in their gums
Love counselor sessions where guys make mind blowing love to therapist and kiss their beautiful apple pies and become sexually enlightened.
All video game controllers should have braille lettering on the appropriate buttons.
Get Taylor Lautner to sing the "Dream" song from Sharkboy and Lavagirl to the girl who played his daughter in the sequel.
Black should move first in Chess to support BLM
"TIT-EZE" (A revolutionary new ointment for sore breasts)
University students who pull all-nighters should be banned from driving on the freeway
Somebody should create beef nuggets.
Ramp up policy disparity between states, create some serious experimental variables in our laboratories of democracy
A button up on reddit that makes sure you dont see the same post twice, regardless of where or when that post shows up again.
Wikipedia has a Link updating to 'Recent Deaths' . they should include a link to 'Recent Births'
Lighthouses should come in pairs, with angled shades so it looks like angry/surprised eyes on the horizon
Almendria - A nation of people!
What if we all put (colorized) in our pics or have them black and white to confuse future people?
Apps that need push messages to function shouldn't be able to push advertisements.
Air Bud reboot, but he's gay.
After this is all over everyone should re-download Pokemon Go to help normalise going outside again
A lot of what we watch on TV and business we do can be accomplished just as effectively remotely. Remove all these corporate offices and release people to their homes to work.
Create a restaurant chain named “Dick’s Cocks” - a fried chicken chain staffed exclusively by people named Richard
If Trump wants to do good with pardons he can start with the poor souls living with the stigma of removing their mattress tags
Use the archives of old reddit posts to remake the old reddit experience by reposting the posts and comments in real time 10+ years later
Make everything ridiculously expensive at all stores.
Corona
The Simpsons shall slowly get cancelled once and for all, when each of the main voice actors die from old age in how ever many years.
A wedding ceremony where the minister, bride, &amp; groom can just text their nuptials back-in-forth while sitting in the same room. When it's over the bride &amp; groom post selfies of themselves with their rings on social media.
Start our own volunteer mail service for ballots
A Face Mask + Condom Onesie
An educational spin-off of “That 70s Show” called “That 1770s Show” with the same characters, hardass red foreman talking about his foot in your ass, and teenage kids getting drunk and high all the time, but also educating how America declared their independence.
An online 3D printing file repository (like Wikipedia) of battery covers for remotes and other electronic devices.
Cadbury should make creme egg eggnog
Every cell phone comes with a notepad pre-installed
This would be a great time to start a sub like random acts of pizza but for toilet paper
If we are at the top of the food chain aren't we gods?
A Disney movie without magic, fantasy elements, fantasy creatures, anthromorphisms, musical numbers, superpowers and/or futuristic technology.
There should be a bot that lets you know if your award is going to a post that’s gonna get cut.
Let multiple groups of mods moderate a subreddit and let people chose which posts they’ll see.
Like facebook, reddit should hide karma counts on comments
Solution to global warming: Blowing up the sun
Weevils eat starch and are mainly known for feasting on rice’s starch. Many people wash their rice to get rid of the starch before making it.
If you search 'google' in google, enter google again via the hyperlink, and repeat, at the tenth time it should lead to 'Never gonna give you up' instead of Google.
Message each of your friends "I AM SO SORRY, I DID NOT MEAN TO SEND THAT TO YOU". See what happens.
A device that wipes your memory of a certain T.V show, movie, or book of your choice so you can watch as if you have never seen it before.
Those clear pipes in Super Mario 3D World. We can now travel through magma.
Netflix should add a feature to let you add movies/shows to a list on friends' accounts
Allow viral genocide of the weak and elderly to stabilize countries financial systems around the world. (Soylent green &amp; make room!)
Let's flood reddit with pictures of Samuel L. Jackson on 21 December.
Human: we can feel the air and see the water Fish: feel the water and see the air?
Little electronical tags on expensive jewellery that electrocute you if you leave the shop without them being removed.
Build a house with such a ground plan that each house room is in a shape of a USA state
There should be a "random episode" option on Netflix.
A YouTube channel that only airs TV pilots that were never ordered to series. Subscribers could vote on the best ones.
Whenever a Covid-19 vaccine is developed we don't actually advertise it as a "vaccine" but instead a Covid-19 immunization shot to prevent anti-vaxxers from not taking it
If You Want To End The World Chaos, You Must Listen To Me The Messiah &amp; Open Your Mind
A 3.5mm jack, USB-C and a lightning port on power banks so you can still use the port when charging you phone.
Instead of voting for president and being stuck with their running mate as VP, have two separate campaigns where you vote for president AND Vice President.
What if we just slap this covid vaccine in as many arms as possible?
Start a campaign to convince everyone that face-recognizing technology is being installed everywhere, and that they should wear masks to "protect their rights."
Wabbleg cwumpr dwus? HURGIDUH SHWOOM!
Sleep for 8 full hours.
Put VR helmets on MMA fighters, and all they can see is a set of real-time commands generated by artificial intelligence. Reverse-Battlebots.
Everyone keeps a safe following distance on the freeway.
Just like you're aroused by watching a clip of someone having sex, you should fall asleep by watching someone sleep.
Massage night at bars
Crazy idea about the state of the US Dollar right now.
If you upvote a cross-post, it should automatically upvote both when pressed
The rich are the new kings of our world.
Reduce the number of US states to five or six.A restaurant called ‘Up to you’ for when someone says ‘it’s up to you’
The US national anthem should be a diss track
A rollercoaster with a segment of track painted to blend in with the background from the rider's perspective, to create the appearance of rapidly-oncoming 'jumps'
Rebrand the wildfires in the American West as "protests;" that way, we'll see a huge influx of federal agents coming in to help put a stop to them.
Have OS updates send anonymous data back on install times so the computer can give you an accurate estimate on how long it will take.
To increase revenue at celebrity autograph signings, have the celebs give tattoos of their autographs at exorbitant prices to the most dedicated attendees that won't mind it being awfully done.
Every end of the year each person gets an equal portion of all of those billions that shitty companies are fined every year for tax/environmental/whatever reasons
Make all hard drugs legal but only for people over the age of 75. Put live footage of the local retirement home on TV to revive cable.
Working out is changng how you look. Its against human dignity.
Dual system fire alarm that engages a sprinkler system only when there's an actual fire
A law that prevents police from revealing the identities of horrific criminals (serial killers, shooters, rapists, etc.) in order to allow the public to focus on the victims and not on the perpetrators.
China to purposely send us Covid bombs of tainted medical gear
Play the coffin dancers music outloud before hunting down mosquitoes at home for full boss music effect.
Bakeries should make terrible looking cakes so customers could pass them off as their own.
Instead of the news have 30 minute teaching lessons around hot topics in the world today
Make it so Reddit awards grant 95% of the purchase profits to relevant charities.
Reality show where everyday people are offered large sums of money for items that mean a lot to them. After they agree to sell, it's destroyed in front of them as a surprise.
Instead of trying to reduce plastic usage, we try to increase recycling efforts and lower landfill
Only allow sperm donors who are 100+ years so humans slowly evolve into a longer living species.
Stab a big knife through your shin. Then use that leg to cut circles through cardboards.
What if dogs were bags and bags were dogs?
If you animate, you can now take your time.
Re-purpose soft drink CO2 canisters from shuttered restaurants into supplemental oxygen supplies.
A movie where John Cusack returns to outrun the apocalypse one more time. Call it 2021 and make it a sequel to the movie 2012.
giant isopods as pets.
Electric cars to be fitted with spokey-dokeys so you can hear them coming at low speed.
Allow special characters in phone numbers. Everybody gets a new number. No more spam calls! For a while, anyway.
Create an annual list of infernal names, like Atlantic hurricanes, for California’s fire season.
A crazy idea
Bring back Drive-In Movie Theaters
most people who ever go to jail are at some time criminals. get rid of the jails in case they cause crime.
Doing the dishes VR
China should announce they only recognize Trump for president, to see if Trump would suddenly become best friends with China.
A gas pump that locks onto your car until you pay
Genetically engineered puppies and kittens that only live for a year
A gym that washes your dirty clothes, so whenever you come in, everything's ready for you.
We exist because 2 sides need us to exist
Glue traps - like the ones used for catching flies, but human-sized, for catching shoplifters and intruders.
How Digital Signage can help healthcare environments?
Disenfranchised voters are exempt from all taxation until they are able to cast a vote in the future
The video that keeps getting reposted about a rich asshole trying to cover up his pathetic mistake with his dad's money should be shared on Peer to Peer (P2P) platforms like Briar (linked below) if we really want to beat this guy.
Every time an image or video is reposted to Reddit, it would slowly blur until it is completely invisible.
Get rid of all the different time zones and have everyone on Earth adopt one standard time, which will be known as Peanut Butter Jelly Time.
The internet should be shut off. It is impairing humanity's ability to live and learn.
A new Austin Powers movie with Jon Oliver as Austin Powers grown son
Lisa Frank teams up with the Tiger King to make folders and notepads for all the adults working from home. Proceeds go towards saving big cats.
A website where you order food but you get what the person before you ordered
blender
Filthy philanthropy
Emulate the biggest sites on the internet 8 years ago. Slowly releasing and applying things as they were release exactly 8 years ago.
Should I give up the site if experts think it doesn't make sense?
Promotion about saving marine animals featuring Jotaro
An app that tracks how often you contradict your own opinion
Jennifer Parker vadikbelov2010
Reddit should force promoted content to allow comments
An art exhibit for procrastinators, during which the artists stand where their art would've been displayed and tell visitors what it could looked like if they'd gone through with it.
An Inglorious Basterds style historical revision movie about Chris Benoit's double murder-suicide
Artist puts The World for for Sale on crazy Internet Artwork GoldDiamondWorld.com, 180 Countries to go on Ebay starting $0.99
should If you are outside the return window on Amazon, there be a way for you to: Send the product back to Amazon, and have them list it for sale as 'used but like new' and then when someone buys it, Amazon can take a higher percentage of the profits than they usually do
Terry Gilliam needs to direct a movie based on DC's "Lobo" character, with Simon Bisley's work as the concept art, and starring Jason Momoa.
I don’t know if this belongs here
Shit-talking toilettes, that use reverse-psychology to help you poo.
A gold mine where all the excavation is done by professional sculptors into a beautiful hotel/casino/country club
Ukulele Punk. (NOT PUNK ROCK OK..) I know it's a bad Idea but just here me out, But what if we used the punk rock image, angst and lyrics over a ukulele so it would have a weird/ ironic feel to it. Like a "screw you" feel over a poppy, tingy instrument.
put ads in common language by someone can pay the government to arrest anyone who doesnt call all fries mcfries or doesnt call a wallet a pocket-etrade.
Genetically engineer a shark to grow human teeth, and when they fall out, use them for low cost dental implants.
Boiling-water toilets for pre-sterilized sewage
It is exactly like cinnabun but instead with sausages, hotdogs, killbassa, and weiners
QR code on the back of (fantasy) books that leads to website with pronunciation videos for names and places in the order they appear in the book
a panel de pon anime
If Biden wins, he should hold a contest - whichever state lowers their COVID count the most doesn't pay income tax next year
This world's gone off the rails, let's fix everything by digging a huge hole in the ground and dropping a giant Snicker's bar inside!
A cutlery set where every piece is a Swiss army knife of cutlery. Knife, fork, big spoon and little spoon that you can select from the same utensil
Peter: An app that matches people with good boys &amp; girls, with people who want to pet them.
Genetically engineer male babies to not have foreskins anymore.
Save money on heating bills this winter but always being a little bit on fire.
Since Kentucky is suppressing the vote , it might as well be a cook out with music , everyone having fun while you wait in line to vote
Make all money electronic then give it a half life.
The FBI should absorb all law enforcement under them.
Give everyone a free pet crocodile
U HAVE TO WATCH
Just another live action cindrella movie
A high production rerecording of Metallica's Saint Anger album, titled Saint Anger HD.
Rebuild a old cruise ship into a hospital ship to help in epidemics, natural catastrophies or in other humanitarian crises.
I have it. The next great movie idea. Alien Vs Dragons. A mythic world full of dragons voiced by your favorite Hollyweed actors protect their world from a hostile alien invasion.
A reverse 'Sister Act' movie: a woman pressured into becoming a nun escapes the convent and hides out with the mafia, teaching them valuable lesson about themselves.
Grow your beard really bushy. Load it up with fleas, ticks, and various other critters. Lobby the government to make it the countries smallest national park.
I need an idea for a mobile project which can help the nursing staff, firefighter or any jobs which save life.
Everyone who becomes a moderator should automatically have their profile picture changed to Dwight from The Office.
Does anyone think they can make this work? Very rough draft for world peace: ✌️
A show like avatar except people are born with the ability to bend elements (from the periodic table)
Giving convicts the option to reduce their sentence if they can obtain a degree in goal.
Let's sell Anti-vaxx merchandise and use the money to fund vaccines research
Modern Humanity has a throwback medieval style war.
A Bond movie where they burn through, like, 4 different 007 agents.
Crazy porn idea.
Gigguk's shirt "Anime is trash... and so am I" should be updated to "Anime is trash... and I'm a man."
A high rise building made of farms
LeftoverVaccines.com | Getting vaccines that would otherwise have to be thrown out
Who would have thought
Automatic Folding Toilet Papers
Actually well made/ cinematic porn.
How Businesses Can Get More Exposure Through LinkedIn
Sam Jackson and John Travolta should get together and do an updated version of the hand washing scene from Pulp Fiction as a PSA.
Nationalize Police Officer training in the US.
Cities that have schools shut down for COVID should let homeless people sleep in them.
A movie version of Charlie and the Chocolate factory that shows the actual effects of having the Oompa Loompas eat exclusively candy and never leave the factory
Ministry of Progress
Don't just get rid of verified statuses on twitter, make it completely anonymous by issuing random usernames which update every day.
Regulate sugary drinks the same as alcohol and tobacoo; require people to be 21 to buy them and show ID.
The Olympics should have a 'For Fun' section at the end of all the games so all the athletes can try different sports.
When someone is killed without due process the officer who killed them should be executed without due process.
Hey guys, reminder that we're all googling "Why is my pee red" in 2 days at 1 pm est/6pm gmt. I deleted my other account (u/inflatabledartboard3) cause I sort of exposed a bunch of private information on that one so I didn't want it getting traced back to me.
r/evilbuildings should shut down when they reach 666,666 subscribers
Search engine should show if the website is premium content
"Rate My Hug" app
Create a Trump Supporter Challenge video
Wikipedia should have a spoiler tick box
Management on the frontlines
"Forgetfull": A game to simulate Alzheimer. You start as a max level character and as the game proceeds instead of getting more skills you have to choose which one to forget. You end the game as a level one character.
Like or hate ghosts? Man do i got an idea for you. This is my idea for a ghost documentary, hear me out.
A service you give your medical info to, and they call your doctors and navigate insurance companies for you to represent your best interests.
If you do a half ass job, then go in whole ass and get paid by 2 employers at once for the same hour of work.
If Microsoft refuses to upcycle Windows 7 despite the Free Software Foundation's successful petition, the FSF should start a fundraiser to buy the rights to win7.
A rating format for games that show how much % and time is devoted to cutscenes and grinding compared to playable content
Trump comedy sketch where he acts like a normal head of state and is respectable and amenable
Matt Damon finds a cure to COVID-19 to save Tom Hanks.
organize insurance group rates around something other than your employer, like a group of people who like playing a certain game, or people who go to a certain church, or people who think monkeys dont have enough hair. Disconnect employers from insurance industry. They have too much power already.
Sign Petition: MAKE THE STAR-NOSED MOLE THE NEW NATIONAL ANIMAL
Instead of recycling just lift (some) sanctions from the North Korea and pay it for accepting all the waste at price that is lower than cost of recycling. No matter how polluted they will become nobody of their citizens will dare to complain, while their elites will profit from accepting the waste.
Instead of jails or prisons, all sentencing practiced by deportation.
A game where undoing is a mechanic
When women do bold and brave things we should praise them by noting what big ovaries they have (as opposed to balls). And we could certainly work some slang into it, i.e., “She’s got huge ‘rovies!”
If "god is your copilot" while you crash an actual plane, he should share in the responsibility
Integrate a breathalyzer with a 2FA code generator so you can build an authentication system where only people that are drunk enough can sign in to the website/app.
An up-vote/down-vote system for citizens to vote on bills that are being worked on by congress.
Train a neural network to make moral decisions based on a database comprised of the entirety of /r/AmITheAsshole. Replace all court judges with the algorithm.
A Reddit app that communicates in a decentralised, anonymous way which can be used to bypass censorship in Totalitarian countries.
Crazy and Outrageous Fun Inventions!
They should make the Michael Jackson "MoonWalk" a Fortnite Emote (Traversal)
Electrify all statues in case anyone wants to pull them down. 250 000 volts should do it. Barbecue anyone ? “ pass the sticky smokey sauce. Oooooh, that one looks a little bit too well done!”
Mall Santa's around the world need to get suited up this Spring. Hospitals need Santa to make an appearance right now to boost spirits and tell patients he's going to see them this Christmas.
Money should come with an expiration date to stop the omega rich from 'hoarding' money. As well as helping to keep the economy stimulated as people are encouraged to spend more.
An AI that will take a tv show, movie, or series and make new episodes or sequels.
A doorbell that only your pets know how to use so that you know when they want to go back in.
Instead of having Male and Female bathrooms, stores, malls, etc. should have several small, one-person bathrooms.
A fundraising song by Weird Al, it's called My Corona
Respond to any Trump argument with “OK, Hitler”
A Time travel video game where if you kill an NPC in the past, any NPC's who look like them don't show up in your game anymore unless you un-erase them from existence
r/hiddenrooms should change their sub's spelling to r/hiddenroomz. That way it's functional but only accessible to those who know where to look.
white women are batshit crazy, all they know is star sign, eating disorder, be bisexual, socialism, eat hot chip and lie
Introduce a plan to make the whole world use one currency in a year. During that year, people working in currency exchange have time to change their jobs, and everyone who has cash stacked at home has time to exchange it. This way a big part of illegal cash will become worthless.
Convince President Biden to issue an executive order as soon as he's sworn in. Require all government officials, military personnel, and civilian contractors to officially refer to helicopters as "whirlybirds" in all official documentation.
Require every dollar spent towards campaign/political ad funding, a matching dollar must be spent to reduce the federal deficit.
There should be a special belt that looks normal, but when you press a button on it 3 times, or it hears you say a certain word, starts recording audio and sends the location of the belt, in real time, to the police
Throw things at people. Like for instance if you see a person, you could pick up a rock and throw it at them. Or throw your phone, or your keys. Or a cat, if there's one nearby. Or you could take off your shirt and throw it. Or your shoe. Just throw things at people. Don't throw poo tho
Write daily in a new dairy titled 'Post pandemic quarantine' and throw it outside of your home window on the streets.
Coffee bean ball pits for adults
A movie where a bunch of celebrities (including Bill Gates) are fighting back against the patriarchy, with the final scene being them fighting in a field of wild, angry, male goats
Make a jigsaw puzzle where flat edges meet up on the inside of the puzzle.
A team of journalists that attacks members of the public so it can publish stories about a team of journalists that attacks members of the public.
Rename sunspots "plasma sphincters."
Gofundme
When Jeopardy! resumes broadcast, it should have a revolving set of guest hosts.
Make planting tree tax deductible...
25k for singles or 50k for couples of increased yearly income won't make anyone richer. So let's change up the tax code now that brokers are eliminating trading fees.
Reverse Google Maps
Make "wokeness" illegal.
Spread the truth people are driving on square wheels! The government is just making a cover-up and saying that they are round... (In response to the flat Earth society)
Eat a bunch of quarters and nickels and get an MRI
A “hide replies” button in comment sections
Seat belts should have a length meter. So that if anyone is not wearing one correctly, the car wont drive.
Companies should send you your old password when you have to reset it because you forgot. This way you can know if your guesses were at all close.
If the coronavirus leaves a retroviral-DNA-change in your cells (there are a lot already from evolution) then maybe one day we will have a part of society who are trying to remain 'pure' and never infected and hence without the genetic changes brought forth by covidUltra
All the Social Media sites voluntarily shut down for two weeks prior to the U.S. Presidential Election
Sea salt manufacturers should find a way to save the water that would otherwise be wasted in the manufacturing (boiling off) process
A department store that allows or encourages shoplifting. If you get out without being caught and stopped you pay nothing. If you do get caught you just have to pay double the price before you can "shop" there again.
Maybe coronavirus is just China's solution to overpopulation
If you have a genetic flaw in your gene pool (like high chance of dwarfism), you should be able to sign a contract with the state that says you willingly give up the right to have children but you gain high priority in adoption agencies.
A chip tha
Erode trust behind proprietary online application processes so a universal application tool emerges to save everyone time and hassle.
Something most of us would support but I’ve never heard said out loud.
Put a chemical in all medications that tastes disgusting to cats and dogs but humans can't taste it.
Give Climate Change a scarier or more catchy name so that maybe the news would pay attention to it as much as Corona Virus.
Make The Ultimate Showdown of Ultimate Destiny
Every time someone big like Weinstein gets accused of something big, create a subreddit with their name following The_, so The_Weinstein. Would probably deter people from joining The_Donald lol
Go to all the houses on your street and stick a cucumber through the letterbox while shouting - “ Head for the hills! The aliens have landed!”
We should solve global warming by scooping up the warm ocean water in buckets and dumping it on the moon.
Businesses that employ fewer than 20 people and make less than $whatever number makes sense revenue a year raise their minimum wage requirements to $12. Mid and large companies have to pay $15.
a website like PcPartPicker but for fish, like it would show which fish can go together and which plants and shit, would make it easier.
Instead of telling elderly relatives to watch out for scam emails/calls, teach them how to make scam emails/calls. A lot of old people fall for scams because they're lonely, so this helps 2 elderly people with one stone!
The Governement can read in your mind and they don't intend to make it public.
Having to pay a certain amount of tax relating to the carbon footprint of the products you buy
Instead of bailouts, US Gov buys gasmasks for ever citizen and mandate they wear them.
We should make an animated clip or a short movie in honor of flash (Shockwave flash) (crossover)
Presidential candidates should be required to play a public game of chess while having free reign to say anything they want.
A subreddit dedicated to usernames that have died IRL.
A social network dedicated to breaking records.
Most suicidal people instantly regret their decision once they make their attempt, so, devise an intentional near death experience to show them the consequences of their actions
Not that crazy... but the ability to pin/favorite/“mark as unread” iMessages similar to how most email services allow
Online Pedo Police
A sub for cicadas where the only allowed posts are pictures of cicadas and the title EEEEEEEEEEE
A meal delivery service where out of work strippers deliver food to your home. It will be named "Ass to Mouth".
Judge Judy should take over for Ruth Bader Ginsburg
Photoshop battles but for sounds instead of images
Streaming for 48 Hours SGT_KornWallace on Twitch
Apex legends style COVID-19 care package drops
An alarm you can set, but instead of it waking you up, it puts you to sleep.
A toothbrush for your butthole.
A simple device that slips onto your thumb that assests with texting.
Subreddit Ideas: r/BeautifulVeilEyes and r/PornStarSFW
PURSE SHELF - a little shelf to rest ur heavy ass purse on
Insulated Camelback full of coffee
There should be a program where you can trade in your current vehicle for an electric vehicle
Teachers should allow Wikipédia as a legit source as long as the student made a donation of any amount to it
AI presenters for people who don’t like to read comments
Happy ending tailoring
Create a political themed sub that features positive politics only.
What if people could cash in rewards given to them on Reddit.
Let’s expose pedo rings like we exposed wall street
Give all inmates at a prison of your choice the right to use cellphones that only communicate between them and other inmates, and see what happens.
Twitter deletes any new Trump tweets and replace them with relevant r/trumpcriticizestrump tweet.
Remake Bloodsport with the rock, that guy who played the mountain, and jet li...but also with a bunch of actual martial artists, not just a bunch of pretty boys. Maybe throw in jack black
A way where we could find footage of ourselves using time-date from any surveillance camera we passed by during our lifetime, anywhere in the world.
A hating site: it uses dating site algorithms to pair you with your ideal Nemesis
A new set of finishing maneuvers in Mortal Kombat called "Gaytalities" where if you're fighting an opponent of your character's same gender, you can perform a sex act on them once they've been defeated.
Every four years, in addition to voting for president, the country gets to nominate/vote to EXPEL one member each from the House/Senate.
A video game where you can control the player having sex
Amazon should take back their boxes
Add an option to YouTube videos which lets you open them directly in YouTube incognito mode.
A hearing implant, with which one can adjust the perceived volume, or make it silent
Expose all the athletes to Corona, wait for them to get over it and play ball.
A system of government where instead of electing officials to make decisions about legislation, funding etc. on behalf of the community. Every decision is posted on a website and the citizens vote for every decision, the most popular vote wins
The ability to “invest” in posts
Wanna make easy money online?
A version of *Little Women (2019)* where every scene is in chronological order.
Quarantine fever: A work from home office porn where the workers all fuck their spouses in a mega video chat orgy.
Create a standard shopping basket for the vulnerable and deliver it to them
A action movie with no guns, car chases or explosions.
Track your screen on time on your phone and compare it with your family (for a week maybe) and whoever has the least gets a prize.
Force packaging to be useful.
Live action South Park series where Sean Bean plays Kenny
Someone should start a YouTube channel where they recreate famously misheard lyrics, but the songs they sing are the wrong lyrics.
When a post fails fact-checking, don’t censor it. Sticky it.
Write a book called Where to Hide Your Drugs. Include pictures and other stuff. You profit from 2 polar opposites.
Forgiveness Campaign for both reds and blues to deescalate tensions
Joe Biden's campaign is entirely propelled by old people salty about the term, "Ok, Boomer."
Tell Flat Earthers they're such sheeple and the truth is the Earth is actually a triangle
Start a business that
Debate Wasp
Use uncooked spaghetti as chopsticks to eat spaghetti.
Anyone that makes a pun gets instabanned from Reddit
A youtube show in the vein of "Hot Ones", but with weed.
We should have movies that take place during COVID-19 where all actors practice social distancing and also wear masks
Every race, nationality, gender, religion, creed and culture finally unites as a singular human race to band together, seamless in our fight against emerging viral pathogens.
Let’s create a new social norm: To prove we have all cleaned our hands after every handshake we lick our palms whilst maintaining eye contact with the person you are meeting.
Toilets
While we're all in quarantine anyways, let's kill off some STIs
BLM should co-opt the "All Lives Matter" slogan by also highlighting Police violence against non-black victims.
WE BUY JUMBO Mansions, but have 1000 people sign on the $10 million dollar home so it's $10,000 an occupant.
Initial d: 7th stage
NUN of Your Business (You got a business... WE got the Nuns!)
Send the lyrics of "Message in a Bottle" as a message in a bottle.
What if hitler had the powers of deadpool?
Taxinhood - He robs from the poor and gives to the rich.
For hotels which don’t supply combs, they should make a toothbrush and comb composite since it’s just injection molded from the same material anyways.
Inception
There should be some microchip that you can put in your head that more or less takes the place of headphones/earbuds.
a “fake news” generator that takes any news link you send it, ie. New York Times articles, takes the donor sites words and gives it a Fox-ish URL and a webpage with Fox branding, that way I can get my mom to actually read the articles I send‽
A tip jar where instead of money, people leave actual "tips."
General Motors should sell Holden to PSA Peugeot-Citroen Groupe, that way they'll be down to just the "big-box" brand of Chevrolet, GMC, Buick and Cadillac
When speaking to police dogs, address them as arfficer.
Have Trump announce he was responsible for killing Epstein instead of starting war with Iran to misdirect away from his impeachment
Research on Bananas and make them ripen only two at atime. that way the whole bunch will be perfectly edible. instead of the whole bunch going raw raw ripe ripe rotten rotten rotten all at the same time. think about this raw raw, 2ripe, 2 ripe 2 ripe.... the whole bunch get eaten
Is Superman Circumcised
A hand held camera accessory for iPhones so I can have my screen and camera at different angles.
Missed opportunity, Vin Diesel as a spokesman for some diesel powered car maker.
brigading subreddit in a good way by upvoting everything in crazyideas so all redditors get to see the glory of imagination and creativity and start to think outside the box in their everyday lives
A tiny church on stage beside the podium, during political talk, that before mentioning god they go in the church, talk about how they're doing gods work, then walk back to the podium.
The next season of Survivor should have favourite contestants from previous seasons. But not the winners. All players should be picked from the pool of people who were in the final 2 or final 3.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBdl8ipGY88
Rockets are hard, dangerous, and polluting. Instead of using rockets to get to Mars, take billions from the NASA budget and put it into psychic astral projection research. We'll meditate our way to Mars!
What if instead of sleeping we extend our blinks to minutes???
Prove that the current education system is obsolete by making an AI that can write exams
Instead of spreading Coronavirus, we should be spreading buttcheeks
We should convince antivaxxers that drinking from disposable plastic bottles causes autism, so that their ignorance at least helps the environment.
For every coronavirus death, teamtrees should plant a tree.
Appropriate the political opposition’s slogan to neutralize it’s efficacy.
Betting site where people can gamble on when high ranked politicians and military who've contracted the corona virus will die
Only have laws that you probably can't break, like law of gravity, law of diminishing returns, murphy's law, the law that if you kill someone people are likely to get mad and you have to hide from them for a long time or get caught
The areas that rich people live in should have their services and infrastructure paid for only by the taxes they pay.
When you get fired, to get your last paycheck you stand in front of a firing squad of paintballs who play execute you
Connect to your friend's phone via bluetooth, using their phone as a speaker, and vice versa. Very high quality audio calling if you want to remain socially distant from them, but you both talk quietly.
The Rehabiitate America Act
Create one of those small black robots that scoot around the Death Star and let it loose in your house like a Roomba. Except it doesn’t vacuum it just makes its classic noises and scurries away.
instead of the ball dropping this new years we should fill a gallon plastic bag with earthworms and then throw it off of the Empire State building
It's time to remake The Creature from the Black Lagoon!
It is okay to download a pirate copy of a book from an author that has committed suicide.
Start an endless contagious yawning chain
All cat videos online unite forming a super channel called "CATVID-19" where all profits go to medical staff and workers.
A precise rear-view camera on your car that tracks eye movements of the driver behind you. If the camera detects that driver looking away from the road it slams on your brakes, leading to a major increase in rear-end collisions.
a palet with 4 train-style wheels, an electric motor, a brake, and a cushion for use on tram rails.
A database containing every meme and piece of internet culture.
Every time Tesla stock touches $420, Elon Musk pays $20 million fine to the SEC.
How to Make Money from Photography Without Selling
Show them your throwaway account on the second date.
I want a yacht with huge tires so I can sail the Midwestern fields
Groomba
A reality show where psychiatrists compete to get Trump to have revelations about himself. Bonus rounds can include family therapy with Tiffany, trust exercises, and volunteering in a soup kitchen.
If politicians want to fund something like war etc, they need to match the same % of their personal income/net worth to the % of the project and the budget. If it costs 10% of budget, it costs 10% of their income/net worth
The rollout for a free anti-bodies test should include requiring a donation of plasma.
A seat that would give way after exactly 50 years, and let you sink into a scissor.
Anything after a 40hr week should be tax exempt.
Change the top search result for "half life of psilocybin" every minute to a series of random numbers.
A “non-stick” toilet bowl coated in teflon.
Don't just train K9's to point out drugs in exchange for treats. Get them addicted to the drugs themselves, so finding the stash will be the treat.
Fast food vending machines where you can buy any kind of fast food and drink 24/7
Americans adopt the metric system but everyone else adopts MM/DD/YY as the standard
Wear a full body dog bite suit and let a bear attack you for fun
We should have a virtual graduation ceremony on Reddit for all the uni- and high school seniors who got fricked by the virus.
Grab a bunch of different animals at birth and raise them all together. See which species they all act like.
The Sims except you live in an apartment.
Every Amazon package comes with a vaccine
Have the option to add an ad for breaks (phone, bathroom break, etc.) to streaming services and every ad takes a little bit of money off of your bill
Have students play video games like The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Make them skip the dialogue to teach them how important it is to read and be patient.
Sentence all convicted racists to foster care in wealthy households of the race they were proven to have discriminated against until they’re rehabilitated
A DataIsBeautiful-style subreddit where people post completely nonsensical Covid Correlations
Require a user to click an articles link before being able to post a comment in a thread
Re-shoot the movie 'Cabin in The Woods' fifty or so times, so we can feature all the other monsters instead of the hillbilly zombies.
Teach people how to appreciate service workers
A website or platform that paid people to wear facemasks with advertisements
Spiders in a can
Vote for your most favorite voting system every general election, and each time the system changes to the one most voted for.
The navy should be renamed 'Aqua Guard'.
Rowling could redeem herself by making Harry Potter and the Portrait of What Looked Like a Large Pile of Ash canon, and a movie.
A binary code with the characters I and l instead of 1 and 0
The panic button should be higer because most robbers make you put your hands in the air
Infinite toilet paper
CHLOROFORM PILLOW SHEET
There is a lot of UFO shit going on
Jalapeno Toilet Paper, for those of us who REALLY like spicy food.
A movie about older actors (playing themselves) realizing that someone is hunting down elderly actors/actresses and using their resources and skills gained from decades in film to fight back.
A movie called When Wade Met Harley... that finally brings together Deadpool and Harley Quinn. It would be a hyper-violent, ultra-profane remake of When Harry Met Sally...
A shuffle button that shuffles Spotify's entire collection of music.
Whenever a rich and/or famous person donates money it should be stated as percentage of their annual income or their networth instead of a specific amount of money.
A smooth, polished treadmill for practicing your moonwalk
Naked funerals.
Make landmines with weak radio-isotope sources, and make the use of Geiger-counters to locate them during war a war crime. That way when the war is over it will be easy to locate undetonated landmines.
Assisted suicide should be legal at age 18 so you have the option to cancel your subscription after the free trial.
Create a fake leak of all things Nintendo will do, like release a Mario game or a new console, causing them to cancel it and go into bankrupcy out of spite for the leaker.
If we ban all small guns we could reduce shootings because if anyone who would normally carry a small handgun carried a 50 bmg or a 12 gauge it would serve as a very visable and strong deterrent to potential shooters.
The Current International Economic Financial System Is Out-Dated, Wrong At The Beginning
Corona Virus Fetish
A cube made out of one way mirrors, that are clear on the outside and reflect on the inside. We shall call it "the anxiety box"
Release a high resolution, 3D scan of your body online. If you're ever caught on camera breaking the law you can claim it was faked.
Esports tournaments where each contestant livestreams the game on Twitch, allowing random people to either help them or sabotage them by giving fake advice
A painting of like a fireworks show, by the gods, and the fireworks are actually planets and stars exploding.
Blind party elections. Just states their platforms and relevant history.
Let coorporate accept porn at work
Lesbian dating show “The Butchelor”
Use ice cream trucks in the evening to sell staples like milk, bread, etc.
Love is blind, but with fat girls
With all new cars soon being electric manufacturers should start putting the Jetsons noise on all cars.
To speed up the process in finding the cure/vaccine for Wuhan coronavirus, let's perform unconsented medical experimentation on locked-up violent criminals and daesh terrorists
Joe Biden should establish a new National Park named "Bigger Bend" just to flex on Texas
Make presidents pinky promise instead of swear oath
Create a driving simulator game that is used to train self driving AI
An ink stamp that can change its print
Walmart should put body cams on greeters and mask enforcers, then have a bunch of live stream channels.
Tax is only paid from one person to another instead of going through a middleman who takes a big cut. The middleman still makes the pollicies of who owes how much and who should receive how much, but does not ever have the money themself since they cant be trusted with it.
Convince QAnon believers that Joe Biden winning the election is all part of Trump's master plan and that he'll really still be there running things from behind the scenes.
Elon Musk should create a social media platform that promotes privacy and honesty. Call that shit #spacebook.
Someone should grill in their lawn in the middle of a protestor-police standoff
Addictions
Exams
If your surname is Nakamoto, name your son Satoshi.
How to survive 101
Cars with digital screens on the front and back that can display text, so you can communicate with other cars.
Make a drug that can cause an overdose but put the cure to an overdose in the drug as well
Can Netflix please make a series of the fall of Somalia
Coffee table book of trump tweets that end up making fun of him a few years later
Make all states have all presidential candidates on the ballot.
Debt should be illegal
Use Deepfakes to replace all Kevin Spacey roles with Bill Murray's face
Create a deepfake video of Donald Trump speaking eloquently and intelligently about Constitutional Law during a private meeting in the Oval Office.
An option to disable your car if you know you’re going to be drinking
Reddit should let you customize individual subreddits to sorted as new, top, best, or hot.
How many countries have been in open rebellion recently, and what would be an ultra convenient way to get people to stop rioting so government could regain control worldwide: a new cold.
Humanity virus, thought experiment.
Stop juuling by bullying.
Recreate Scooby-Doo with every episode ending with the villain being unmasked as Mike pence and his little sidekick the fly
I think I could be an amazing actor.
Gamer day
Driving Across the Country During a Global Pandemic
Open a sporting goods store named after dicks
A play where all the people who ever sat on the Iron Throne plays Musical Chairs
Give Mark Zuckerberg a trophy for nosiest person in the world
Put "dial this number for a good time" in public bathrooms all around the country but with the cicada 3301 phone number ((214) 390-9608)
Work communication apps (Zoom, Teams, etc) should access the accelerometer in your phone to display a little "driving" icon so people don't message you when you're on the road
NASA should sell Mars rocks on Ebay for a few bucks, and charge $10 billion shipping.
Feat. (Insert Here)
Looking for people who think they're happier than everyone else for a newspaper interview
Instead of having election day, have election days or election week so more people can get to the polls and vote
A fake pin app, where if you enter the fake pin it will open up a phone that doesn't really contain your apps incase your robbee
If polygamy and gay marriage were both legalized in the same place ...
Make post/comment karma determine the maximum length of your posts/comments.
If Honda ever make an electric version of the Jazz, they should call it the Jazz-E...
If someone types in an abbreviation such as ‘ur’ or ‘r’ instead of ‘you’re’ and ‘are’, autocorrect should automatically change it back. It would avoid us having to type out the full word and anyone who doesn’t understand internet speak wouldn’t get confused.
A TV show where a professional auction appraiser estimates the dollar values of priceless items from movies and TV shows. Stuff like the pick from the Pick of Destiny, the ring from Lord of the Rings, a bunch of stuff from Harry Potter.
Always stay broke or poor enough that you have to work. If you're never rich, you'll never be bored and people won't take advantage of you for your money
All subreddits should ban reposts, make new sister subs that allow it. /r/funnyreposts and the like
They've gone too far. Behold the WSB Party.
Walk up to random old people and say, "Hey, you're old!" then breathe in their face and runoff. Watch them panic, thinking they've just caught COVID-19
Everyone should bet that a certain color of gatorade will be poured on the winning Super Bowl football coach next year and petition Robinhood-minded players from both teams to ensure that color is dumped, thereby fixing the wealthy inequality gap.
Yea.
Make it ILLEGAL for companies/corporations to get in on the positive PR behind civil rights movements and protests. If they want to show ANY KIND of support, they should PAY THEIR WORKERS BETTER.
Pick Andrew Cumo over Joe Biden for DNC nomenee
Show the number of times a post has been saved.
Some crazy ideas for ice/snow removal from driveway
Train 3 or 5 people to be power rangers at birth.
Since the restaurant makes money from an "Australian theme", Outback Steakhouse should donate a portion of their profits to the Australian Wildfires.
A No Karma mode of posting so you can avoid claims of being a karmawhore
Empathy should be taught in schools.
Bernie Sanders should raffle off his mittens for charity
Turn Trump into an empty headed chia pet jar.
what if we let globalists have a say in our democracy so we have fair and equal reprensentation
Garner tons of press about your organization by intentionally holding your conference/sporting event this year and infecting people with COVID-19.
Guns with barrels that bend very slightly and in a random direction each time you fire them, making it bascially impossible to hit your target.
Create an onlyfans except fat guys who have removed all the hair off their chest and belly.
A rap album called "Fighting Fire with Fire" where the profits go towards firefighters in Australia
I don’t know what you think but Seems to me human kind is a violent species. naturally we have gotten here by fighting. But now we fight ourselves. Is there a better way to exist in the universe as “conscious beings”?!
A Time Travel Podcast Tv Show
How about if Reddit changes their icon to be black in support of Black Lives Matter, but changes it back to orange when they think they could no longer get publicity from it?
An monthly event where a bank skims one cent from everyone's account, and gives all the money to a random user.
Instead of 4 year presidential terms, make the odds of the next year being an election year depend on the presidents approval rating.
conspiracy factist
Privatize road signs: instead of the government putting up signs (highway exit, speed limit, parking restrictions, etc.), private businesses would compete to produce the best book that lists what notices, warnings or regulations apply to your current location.
For caregivers, special hospital waiting rooms that are actually comfortable.
There is only one Oscar in each category. Every year the new winner only truly gets the award if they defeat the previous winner in armed combat.
We boil as much alchohol as possible into the air so it rains alchohol which will disinfect everything outside and stop the coronavirus
Sterile sperm should be called emasculate ejaculate.
Single parents that adopt get paired up at random and automatically married to each other.
If the Fbi is collecting all your Data, couldn't we use this as a free/unlimeted Backupserver?
Politicians with info on dirty officials whistleblow instead of writing tell all books after they are fired
Unskippable YouTube Sex Ed PSAs (specifically about sexual boundaries, similar to Sonic Says).
r/Wallstreetbets should be renamed to r/chadsofwallstreet
Jewish women
We buy Amc stock
The government should offer young people $5000 if they agree to not have a child for 10 years.On how to vaccinate a lot of people against Covid-19
It would be a tragedy if Nardwuar got Parkinson's disease
A "Save Betty White! Stay at home!" campaign.
A reverse strainer that hold in liquids but lets solids pass through
Tell anti-mask people that the the anti-mask movement is a conspiracy by the government to get people to show their faces in public so that AI surveillance tech can track them. Tell them to wear a mask so they can't track us.
Porn sites should create their own crypto that is mined by watching porn
Phone stores should show the phone at it's worst, so then if you buy it you get the phone at a better performance than the store presented it
Louis Vuitton should sponsor Super Bowl LV.
Fast food franchises start giving out disinfectant sanitary napkins instead of/or with regular napkins.
Show some love to the @USPS by engaging in a billion card protest. Buy USPS postcards, address them to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Washington DC, 20500 with the following message: YOU’RE FIRED! We can use sharpies u/SloppySauce0
You know how the toy story movies each fot into a stage of grief? I had a good idea for toy story 5: (spoiler if fellow 90's kids havent seen toy story 4) also an additional plot idea.
Where’s my phone should include “where’s my other air bud “ feature
Remake Lost but this time with heavy Annihilation influence
Boycott Mitch Mcconnell, everyone blacklists him and stops offering food, groceries, gasoline, everything.
A Service that Roasts you into Being Productive
Create an American Wild West Cowboy resort where you can rent horses, buy cowboy clothes, drink whiskey, gamble, sleep with hookers, and shoot period-similar firearms. Disagreements settled by gunfight standoffs at hi noon. Waivers 2b signed.
Due to their insanely low BMI, supermodels can probably only give like a 1/4 unit of blood. Use this to create an ultra-lux exclusive commodity that the vampires running the world's bloodbanks will bid up.
A beef-based substitue for Quorn called Queef
Some sport stadiums take this downtime to renovate half of their worst seating areas, and convert them dancefloors.
Convince Trump supporters that due to COVID, they will be splitting up voting days for Democrats and Republicans. Democrats vote on November 3 and Republicans vote on November 4.
Don't swing your dick around if you don't want it getting cut off.
Shoot a morbidly obese person in the belly area, from the side, so that the bullet doesn't penetrate the abdominal wall. Only skin and fat. Then jump on them to see if they pop like a giant pimple.
Fill a Whoopee cushion with actual farts for a real deal fart frame
A royalty system where the construction workers of the house get x% of the transaction when that house is sold/bought.
Wireless extention cords
An opposite to WebMD that tells you the most minor possible version of what you could have for whatever symptoms you report. Ex: tumors aren't cancer, they're just minor growths
Ecological tax for packages/wrapping
"Antibiotic resistance" resistance
Hardcore porn series, calmly narrated by David Attenborough
Free energy and waste free landfills
Only 56% of Americans vote. Why not use random sampling methods to decide elections instead?
diaper as mask
What is Memory Leak In Java And How to Prevent It?
Not only should all police wear body cameras but their cameras should live-stream to the public. Good cops might become famous.
Ability to toggle between communities on Nextdoor, if you have multiple homes
Tired of zoom meetings taking too long? Use an audio mixer to play a constant subsonic frequency in addition to your voice. Because it is below the hearing threshold, no one will hear it. But research shows it can still have quite the effect after prolonged exposure.
A freeze-dried DairyQueen ice cream cake like the freeze-dried astronaut ice cream at museums.
All religions should temporarily lift there rules on cursing, to help us get through this trying F****** TIME!
Make robots out of sexdolls
I was going to suggest a Bit*h Get Over Yourself Day, until my cousin said we already have 52 a year. They're called Monday.
A TV show where this guy seems to get everything right first time easy with no problems, and at the end of the show it reveals he’s in an infinite time loop
Make every 1,000,000th smarty a vicodin
Top hats for rabbits so they can charm their way into polite society
Everyone on earth should self isolate for 14 days
Functional pockets in women's jeans.
A TV show where a camera crew films the everyday lives of conspiracy theorists, and constantly berates them by connecting every single one of their minor and meaningless actions to a grander conspiracy.
What if the Corona outbreak is leading to a robot takeover?
A PGA tour event where players' scores are based on time taken instead of strokes taken
Subreddit communities should have the power to coup d'é·tat against power-hungry moderators
A covid flavored drink that doesn't contain any covid but is designed by scientists to taste very similar. Many people would buy one just out of curiosity.
A reality show with a bunch of cancelled celebrities trying to sell a product. Call it “Can Sell ”
What if fortnite was good??
Alright internet new challenge right here. The #getfired challenge. Record yourself doing dumb shit to get fired.
If litterally god, came into the sky and said if we dont stop killing hes going to crush the planet, could we do it?
Gender reveal toilet water.
Give me 10% of your money for life and watch me piss it up in a series of wacky adventures
A hospital open house where you can get a variety of free check ups at different stations.
If an animal at a zoo dies, it's corpse is sold to the highest bidder. All funds go towards preservation of the species.
When the government fines companies they should make them pay in stocks so that the company doesn’t just lay off workers and liquidate assets
Community Homes
Next president paints the White House rainbow colors.
Remake "Mad Max Fury Road" with Trump's bus surrounded by Teslas and/or Biden's bus surronded by Pickup Trucks.
Dentists' opinions that cost $350 BUT thy will have nothing to do with your operation and will not get a single cent from you.
Everyone vacuums air and cleans surfaces outside to get rid of the virus
A toaster that slowly rises slowly so it doesn't scare the shit out of you everytime
Crazy idea about time.
When Trump outvoted out of office, he should have to sit in front of the new president and get grilled for his incompetence on tv like on The Apprentice. All before the new president yells "YOU'RE FIRED!"
Before someone can run for president they have to take an IQ test to make sure that they're not complete idiots and can actually run a country
Make Planned Obsolescence illegal
Permissive Action Link that only permits nuclear explosives to detonate in outer space in proximity or contact to an asteroid (vacuum, cosmic radiation levels, atmospheric pressure)
Joe Bidet: a Bidet with a mask, where water comes out of his mouth. There's a women's version with finger action.Re-release The Lion King 2019 in the style of a nature documentary, with all of the dialogue cut out and narration by Sir David Attenborough.
We should take Bikini Bottom, and push it somewhere else!
A video game where you start with a full skill tree that you have to gradually shave down and make decisions about what you could go without. Plus this gives a natural difficulty curve
In order to receive your $1200 stimulus you should have to fill out the 2020 census and be a registered voter.
Chicken bread
Keep Privatized Prisons But Allow Prisoners To Choose Where They Go
A new song called “Breakfast at Breakfast at Tiffany’s” about a couple whose only connection is that they enjoy diners with cheesy names
Don't know what to call this
Anti-slash-fic: writing about the mundane life of porn actors
Augumented reality glasses that turn people's skin to bright purple. To help the police, you know
Dating app that matches you based on ideologies so you can go protesting together.
Get good grades.
A detective show with viewer participation
How to become a ghost.
To fix the healthcare issue in the US, just have everyone vote on it publicly and offer it to those that vote yes.
Mark all citizens who don't vote as "assumed vote for incumbent. This will force people to walk into the voting booth if they don't like the incumbent.
If it’s suggested that you can manifest things into existence by the law of attraction, isn’t it strange that about a year ago, hundreds of thousands of people watched Avengers Endgame, putting the thought into their heads of what the world would be like with half the people gone?
Presidential debate hosts should clip the mic of candidates who go over their time or interrupt.
Air raid sirens on bluetooth speakers by retired veteran's homes right before fireworks start on the 4th of July.
A live chat in every song or podcast on spotify.
If you have the time, (from working from home summer vacation, or quarantine), go to bed an hour late, wake up a normal 8 hours later, and then go to sleep two hours late, continue 24 times until normal bedtime. Each day would be an hour longer, but you would still get just as much sleep.
Taiwan invades China
A YouTube channel where someone goes from a normal weight to obese and see if they can get back down.
Pass a law (with harsh penalties) officially changing the name of ‘cinnamon’ to ‘liver dust’, and vice versa.
A Netflix comment section
A blanket to warm &amp; calm your emotions.Taxing less on Children Toys and more Video Games
The eyes of darkness by Dean Koontz predicted the Corona virus outbreak down to where and when the break out happens, in 1981 ! Is anybody else freaked out by this?
Major gun advocates should act as "be seen" guards for "leftist" protests against Gov policies
Political Groundhog Day
Actualy reliable printers
A subreddit that bans any reference to COVID-19 so I can have a safe place to scroll and momentarily forget the feeling of impending doom.
Set up a time lapse camera focused on a minor wound that a person in a coma has on their body when they come in. Acquire interesting/educational footage of the human body healing itself over the course of days and weeks.
The CDC should make a commercial featuring LMFAO encouraging EVERYBODY to take their SHOTS!
Glue filled pez dispensers all over your clothes and hold a sign saying free pez help yourself
Pay extra for Spotify to keep a daily track history record so I can remember the name of that song!
A You/Gossip Girl crossover episode where Dan was actually Joe all along and shows all the shady shit he did to get Serena.
Spotify with the option to skip the ads
an Asian restaurant named Phuk Jiu
Address police as "public servant" rather than "officer".
Make toothpaste orange juice flavored so it doesn’t ruin breakfast
Merge "affect" and "effect" into "xffect" to same some time
All flags are made with flame retardant
What if every video/picture had some sort of unique identification code similar to a serial code for products and when you type in that code it automatically redirects you to that video (can use different symbols to differentiate between a picture and a video EC: P# or V#)
Copyright the copyright symbol. Sue everyone.
Trump is Batman
A social distancing app that drains your battery faster the closer you get to another user.
Establish a totalitarian government. That government will place cameras in everybody’s home, and there will be a big, government-sponsored America’s Funniest Home Videos
Church Should be More Fun
A reddit copper award that when op clicks it it turns into a reddit gold.
Require users to pass EULA comprehension tests, administered third-parties, prior to allowing agreements to be accepted.
Star Wars except Big Bird is in the place of Darth Vader.
Move all Koalas from the Australian bushfires into the Suburbs and let families adopt and look after a Koala to ensure their survival.
Music genre: poetry-rock. Not sure if this qualifies as a crazy idea but, eh, whatever.
By law, factual and fictional statements must be written in different fonts.
A website or something to figure out what song is stuck in your head
Self locking doors if they detect a stolen item.
Shatner releases a spoken word album, except it's written entirely by Gary Busey.
Lego should have its own gaming council and they would save money on production because people would need to put it together themselves.Open a Thai restaurant with poetry readings...
Jeopardy questions that throw shade at politicians and corrupt lawmakers
An inverse version of Tetris where the goal is to create as much empty space as possible
ITS TIME TO GOOGLE WHY IS MY PEE RED
Every governmental body should be required to have at least half their legislatures be STEM professionals. Politics being dominated by business, finance, and career politicians cannot adequately respond to our technical world.
Everyone caught breaking social distance rules are put on a list. They are the last ones to receive the Covid vaccine when it's developed.
A Dating site like Omegle where it puts you on video chat with potential partners
No money because covid?
CUte dog blog
A dungeon crawler based on a game of Scrabble where the letters are different room types
A Reddit credit card that gives you karma points and gold.
America should have a domestic exchange program. Like we do for people from other countries, but for people from different regions in America instead.
Invent an "I cant breathe" app to put a stickernover your mouth in a picture you upload and start a viral trend
Bad idea for reform of various terrible prison systems
Move solar panels from cloudy to sunny places based on live weather data. Use an autonomous rain or road truck system to fold and transport them.
Since 2020 is a cursed year that will kill us all we should move the begin of 2021 to the 16th of March.
instead of blaming a figurehead, blame the system that gave rise to him
Every person has a button. If a person is at his/her lowest point, everyone he/she met will choose wether or not to press that button to bring him/her back up
Bring a bunch of "Happy New Year 2021" stuff to a 4th of July event and try to trick the drunk people into counting down with you
Hidden camera show called "Cancelled" where ethnic minorities troll white people and see how long it takes them to get racist
Crazy idea: put bathrooms in public places like grocery stores and malls
Worlds strongest lazer vs worlds biggest diamond
ESPN TV does a post-NFL draft expert review to see how so-called predictors did
I understand that you can’t fast forward a YouTube ad, but why not rewind it? Some ads are actually good and worth watching, and you should be able to rewind them with the left arrow key.
When I was like 10 I decided that the the big bang happened because someone invented time travel but the machine malfunctioned and they got sent back to the instant before the beginning of the universe which was the single anomaly that ignited the big bang and started space and time.
How about we just all start applying to be police officers?
Abolish side view mirrors so people have to actually look over their shoulders when they change lanes
An elicopter that teletrasports people
a virtual benefit for the USPS, headlined by the supergroup The Postal Service with support from the individual bands/solo work of the members
It Is Very Easy To Defeat The Chinese Communist Party In 2020
Squidz Bop
Ad Hoc Electro-Sonication Power Transfer
Turn every mobile ordering and drive thru for fast food into prescreening and drive thru testing for COVID-19.
An island where terminal or people with incurable diseases can go be given "Hail Mary Cures" outside of regulation.
The first people to visit Mars should be a collection of poets and artists for future Martians to muse about.
A Reddit function that shows you the profile of a random active user
An app that lets you call a friend with the app and use that call as an internet connection
Someone should make a sub-reddit titled Zoom Trolling.
Send troops to Australia instead of war with both sides... maybe people will realize what is actually important and help people...
I have $5000 to my name. I will donate it all to an animal shelter of the entire Reddit community and Keanu Reeves choosing if everyone can convince every single Amazon warehouse employee to go on strike on July 14th at 9:30am CST.
hBring back r/Place
Taxes should be paid for you by the government.
Free (or cheap as is) domain names, but if it has no traffic — fee is raised annually
An option to turn all notifications off while you phone is unlocked to peacefully scroll on reddit without needing to see the notification.
Each 1/7th of the US population should have a different two-day weekend.
Someone should buy MySpace, wipe it clean, and return it to exact functionality of 2005. See what happens.
Pre made Ice Cream Scoops.
A kitchen gadget of a jar set up with layers, an upper layer with a beehive, and a lower layer with some flowers, and an outside spigot with a pipe going to the beehive on the inside
Earn easy money
Start height divisions for Basketball just like there are weight divisions for boxing and wrestling.
TV show like Glee, but for nerds. The entire show is packed with references to nerd culture, with all songs and characters being based off of different films, games, books, musicals, ect. Songs not based off of this wouldn’t be as popular, and would include punk/alternative rock or electronic.
A time stamp next to Reddit usernames that shows time spent on Reddit in the past 24 hrs.
What if Trump made the government shut down again?
Put a heat resistant tip on lighters so you don’t burn your finger smoking dank bowls
Everyone who refuses to get a covid test or doesnt wear a mask should have a chip put in them that tracks them with an app on your phone so you can avoid them.Why don’t we force people to go back to school every 10-20 years or so?
The Senate should elect a liberal of the Democrats' choosing for supreme court ONLY of Trump wins. If he loses, nominate a far right conservative.
Dog Tag. A Pokémon Go style app for meeting dogs.
Add an option to choose neither in elections. If neither wins the election has to be rerun with different candidates.
COVID19 Vaccine Trialers Reality Show
Start a trendy hipster restaurant, and just name it " &amp; "
Karma gambling.
How do you define Art?
With all the protesting going on about police, why not keep things going protest the prison systems and other things wrong with society.
Around the Horn style Presidential Debates
Boris Johnson for president!
A store called Tree Fiddy
Instead of YouTube showing you multiple ads throughout a video, YouTube should give you the option to watch every single ad at the beginning of the video for an uninterrupted video
Small Pizza but it's medium size pizza without crust
Require all restaurants to show pictures of all the food in their menu.
Encouraging creativity within the education system
An option on streaming services to create your own live channel streams
A forum where each participant can only post once every 24 hours
Instead of building man-made islands off Dubai we recreate Skyrim somewhere near Antarctica
A digital missile launching system, controllable from tabs on the steering wheel, that simulates targeting and destroying cars encountered on the road. It could be a tremendous tool of stress relief.
A tv remote button that only mutes the commentators during sporting events, so all you hear are the players, coaches, and crowd noises.
Story about a superhero called "Handyman". He just keeps trying to fix stuff and inadvertently stops bad guys doing it.
Jeff Bezos should buy Mississippi and revamp it to "The State of Tomorrow"
Share your thoughts..
Everyone who have a few million USD to spare and claim to care about the environment should just give to a fund for buying solar panels and batteries to everyone who want in the world.
Next time you teach the alphabet song to a child, teach them, “AC/DCefg...”
A search engine that returns information on why your idea is ridiculous - perhaps called something like Google.
Make your WiFi password 23for5sick7ate
How about the presidential debate commission actually use the mute button?
Stores should sell grocery delivery paired with celebrity diets/workout plans for certain roles.
an Give away sub funded by shortened ad links clicked on by other redditors
An NBC Dateline that investigates planned births instead of murders.
“Weird Al” Yankovic should do a parody of Eminem’s “Rap God” but include one extra word to take Eminem’s world record
A Star wars movie where Boba Fett is hired to kill Jar Jar Binks. I believe it could save the franchise
Everybody learns sign language too prevent the spreading of corona virus
The opposite of a microwave, something that cools things down in 3 minutes or less.
Instead of a money back guarantee, take it to the extreme. The inventor of the product offers to kill himself if more than 10% of people return it.
Movie theaters should lean into VR development to save themselves from COVID taking them under.
Instead of ripping down confederate statues, put them in museums so that we don’t forget our history and they can be replaced by more modern things.
Billionaires are so much scarier than serial killers. They're Bored
Make garbage cans illegal and promote the sale of your literal garbage.
New game for 2020: Is that a discarded face mask or a crumpled up undergarment?
Microsoft Teams Ad with Will Smith
My great golden plan
Support your local businesses by purchasing gift certificates
Reopen the schools, but have the kids stay over there. Two week slumber party with someone who has COVID-19, infect all the kids, get them over their transmission period, and then send them home to act as a buffer for everyone else.
Make a live action movie of The Wild Thornberries with all the original cast reprising their roles including the 57 year old musician Flea playing Donnie.
A condom that is “environmentally friendly” and only covers the head of the penis
Pay people to play games on their phone
new covid 19 map
The most junior positions in a company should earn the most and that amount should decrease as you go up the hierarchy until the CEO is earning 0. The interest/returns you'll have earned from saving over you career means you'll not only have enough money but you'll be following your purpose.
Medical students and Engineering students should have imterdisciplinary classes such that the former can develop efficient medi-tech and the latter can make bio-machines.
Everyone that enjoys the meat of an animal should have to slaughter that animal at least once in order to eat them.Women's Rights.
The Simpsons predicting everything is actually because time travellers are trying to warn us in a subtle enough way that won't wipe out time itself.
Toilet Paper someone's house/yard tonight
After the pandemic is resolved. China should pay back all the other countries as the war reparations.
A variety of heavy jackets that actually keep you cool during the summer heat for people who are either insecure about their body or for those who just enjoy wearing jackets year round.
Safe hat
Mix vodka with the drinks served in school during Farewell/Homecoming
Instead of the senate being the ones to impeach the president, if the house feels a president should be impeached the American people vote on it.
An insanely good restaurant with only one table. Capacity, maybe four. World class cuisine, and your status has no influence on whether you get in.
Therapeutic pleasure machines that last for 30 minutes, cheap subscription, long lasting results
Rename Capitol Hill into Capital Hill
Non-electric night vision goggles.
Online Username/Password Forms Should both be asterisked when filling out a form.
$1 billion dollar bounty to the first person who has a coronavirus cure
Someone should breed grass that stops growing at a certain length, so we don't have to keep mowing them
A personality test that determines how long it would take for you to go insane, were you to be trapped in a void.
A TV show written by it's viewers.
On 4th of July every American takes the citizenship test. Any who fails takes a DNA test and is sent to Canada or Mexico based on those results.
My new restaurant "Burger Joint", where you can get high and eat a bunch of delicious mouthwatering hamburgers
When Travis Scott Says "It's Lit!" The Video Actually Becomes Lit - FRAN...
The government should pay it's citizens a monthly paycheck if they use a pre-approved covid contact tracing app in the background regularly. It would make covid contact tracing much easier!
A worldwide, underground public transport system that connects every home and building to every other home and building through entrances/exits accessible through the basement.
Prank idea. Create Rude Type (a theoretically possible special font like Polite Type, but with inoffensive words being replaced by offensive or funny ones), install Rude Type and then change configuration of victim's web browser to render webpages with this font.
Disable ALL karma for posts/submissions related to Coronavirus - this is not the time to be shamelessly karma farming off a pandemic
midget tribute band called Mini Van halen
If someone enters your house and manages to lock you out of it without damaging any property, they get to keep the house.
Putting a realistic fake scab on your body to pick at. Satisfying the strange urge without having to harm yourself.
Reality Competition based on COVID
After automation eliminates almost all labor, all 1.4 billion Indians will voluntarily work in call centers dialing every possible phone number in existence and sexually harassing them
Porn that's filmed in front of a live studio audience
We could force Pinocchio to lie and have an endless supply of cheap lumber
Get a bunch of young medical professionals to volunteer to be infected with COVID-19, quarantine them until they're healthy &amp; non-infectious, then make them into the disease-fighting A-Team
Fire the Mayor of Las Vegas
Should I hold an art exhibition about the history of memes?
One of my favorite things about imposter syndrome
Guns with barrels that bend very slightly and in a random direction each time your fire them, making it basically impossible to hit your target.
We need to somehow get a law passed that would make it illegal to breathe oxygen for 24 hours then see what happens.
A button that allows you to only upvote the original meme if there is a repost.
Slide whistle ball gags
Law enforcement officers should be held to a higher standard than the average person. This should be enforced with fair and just legislation, protecting citizens.
All employers conducting interviews should be required to email their interview questions 48 hours prior to the interview being conducted. Not only would you get more well thought out answers but it would also alleviate the stress on the potential employee
A bot on here that let's you know some of the best places to post whatever you are posting.
Instead of every country slowly quarantining, the WHO should have every country doing a 14 day quarantine all at the same time.
tv series where the main character wakes up in a different person's body in every episode
A long-sleeve pajama shirt that cuts off at the chest. Arms are warm, not too hot under the covers.
One great way to embrace multiculturalism is to add cultural holidays to public holidays to be celebrated by everyone regardless of cultural origin.
Have a vote-by-pay machine that controls the next day’s weather. Mortal enemy’s wedding tomorrow? Time to make it rain. Want a snow day? Raise some money to make it a cold one. You could have insurance plans to match people’s weather deposits.
Streaming for 48 Straight HOURS SGT_KornWallace
Have a revolution and eat Donald Trump on live television so the US can reach the next level of reality TV.
A bathroom doorknob which, if you hadn't washed your hands, would goop sanitizer gel all over your hand as you left the bathroom
(NSFW) Collect your splooge from every jacked load for two years and put it in a time capsule so when you're older and have trouble ejaculating you can use your loads of old to fake cumshots
A long, flat object with a hooked end, which comes to a tapered point for digging cat toys out from under furniture and appliances.
A button on web ads that tells them I already bought their shit.
Carefully bore a small diameter hole through your body, avoiding anything too important, and line that hole with a flesh safe tube. Now you'll make a frightening whistle noise when you run!
All of the reporters at a White House press conference just boo him instead of asking questions when called on.
You should get a discount at the highest rated restaurant in an area with proof of purchase from the lowest rated one. So you can experience the difference.
Live action adaptation of The Angry Beavers with Nicolas Cage playing both beavers
Start a company called "Trump Fence" and use a little tape to modify campaign signs for your marketing
Make an analog clock that has a volume control for the ticking sound
In the next Spider-Man film, reveal Ned to be green goblin.
What if hunters could have their guns, but on a short term rental basis. They’re GPS tracked. Shooting ranges could lend out guns too, to use only there. All other ownership is illegal and active measures are taken to eliminate black market supply.
With the extreme social and financial upheaval, this would be a perfect time to stop pharmaceutical companies from overcharging patients for necessary medications
Penalty for failure to control their dogs should be a broken ankle.
How much of genz could a modern nazi party get to join them?
A store where you and a friend or partner can both browse movies currently for rent with cover art and descriptions, so you can decide together and then go home and watch it without having to scroll through endless titles endlessly forever.
Magnetic Transportation
Movie where a giant bubble wrap monster starts popping humans
Ban all same race marriages and only allow interracial marriages.
Turn all fire hydrants 90° so they are parallel to the street so it's never a problem to park next to them.
A video game where you start as cavemen and collectively progress to the future.
They should call it data rape.
Among Us ghosts to be seen on camera.
Create a faster than light engine. Call it the Nothing drive. Advertise with the slogan, "Nothing travels faster than light."
Nail clippers that have a compartment that catches the nails and prevents them from being launched across the room
Dashcams should come preinstalled in every car.
Northern Lights in a bottle!
Capture a sasquatch, train it to leave footprints in damp soil near campsites to hoax the gullible
A tickling taser that gives you a tickle instead of electricity
A forever stamp for USPS packages
Anyone caught breaking Covid rules should be put in a national database that hospitals will use to identify Covidiots and prioritise treatment to those who followed the rules.
Suicide by blood donation in totality.
Coca-Cola and Pepsi making ads against each other in a war-movie style, making the other soda brand look evil and commit war crimes.
Space siphon to get rid of some water
Cities that have those catacombs where the walls are made of human bones should put their restrooms in them to help people poop.
Create a new subreddit. Then code a script thats counts to 1 billion, incrementing by 1 every second, and posts that number on the subreddit.
Give every man a vasectomy and tie the tubes of every woman, remove all restrictions based on protecting the environment.
PETA members should be sent on an island to survive for a year just to see if they would eat an animal to survive or not.
A subreddit where motivated people looking to create new ideas and launch them can go to to steal other's ideas
Any button that demands you log in first should have a warning icon over it. You'll be watching a video or something, trying to vote on it, then it takes you away from the video
Eletric Smoking Pipe (Or Vaper).
On April Fool's day, Reddit should prank the users and randomly assign NSFW tags to posts whether they are or not.
Simp City or Influencer Tycoon
Make it legal to slap people with no mask, also they can’t slap back.
Make it illegal in the stock market to bet against companies in hopes of their further failure
If your net worth crosses into the billionaire threshold you have be the focus of a community shaming event/roast held twice a year in a local stadium.
Create a social media movement to write in Bernie Sanders for 2020. #bernthevote
Help boost the US economy by, counting for inflation, returning and getting a refund for the Louisiana Purchase.
Stop posting everywhere except r/crazyideas
Rename the Coronavirus to the Karen virus since it's mainly spread by Karens
a daycare thats just a walmart parking lot where they drop a bunch of games, food, clothes, and whatever else they might need, totally unsupervised
Make all high-level government jobs unpaid volunteer positions with term limits. That way, only people who really want to serve the country would get to be in charge, and a massive amount of money gets saved.
If you're really strong and tall, partner up with a light person the height of your leg, have them hold your leg tight and win every three-legged race.
Have a room reserved in apartment buildings for items that people don't want that are completely usable. Anyone would be free to take anything they need.
Replace moening birds with a few designated screamers.
Redditors get to follow mods around all day and slap shit out of their hands and yell RULE 3 BLA-BLOW or whatever
An app that blocks unsolicited dick pics from being shown on your phone, called “Cockblocker.”
DELL New Inspiron 15 7501 Laptop
Savory Cereal
Cover 75% of the Sahara desert with solar panels.
CPAP manufacturers (or firmware jailbreakers) could issue firmware updates to turn people's spare CPAPs into respirators, helping with the respirator supply problem caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
1933
A “sleep” option on Spotify or Pandora for a song that you like but don’t want to hear for a month. Hate how they overplay some songs.
Impose a worldwide two week curfew to eliminate a large number of communicable diseases
Someone Please Give Me A Card Number, To A Card You Dont Use But Is Still Active
A movie wherein during a single scene the fourth wall is broken, and the main character just screams “No you shut up random movie goer” and then continues normal dialogue. Plant actors to scream “shut up” just before the scene at premiers.
Alright get this, Playdoh flavored protein powder.
Augmented Reality Zoo
"Gambling for good"
app to solve world hunger?
Someone should buy the GameStop stores for $3 a store.
A show called 'The Story Teller' where someone tells other people about a fun story that happened to them, then the listeners (who are film makers) make a short film to try and show the story. After watching the videos the contestants get to see actual footage of the story in question.
Reddit awards that expire after a moderate amount of time.
Build a zip-line at the top of the CN Tower that connects to the suburbs so downtown Toronto workers can commute home "for free"
An R-rated version of Disney-Pixar's Cars
A Star Wars battle royale with Stormtroopers, Sith Inquisitors, Rebel Shock Troopers, Mandalorian, and Jedi
Fun road hazards on the highway like rolling boulders, lava pits, and a thing reverses your steering for 10 seconds.
Make a hoax video that appears to show Biden votes being stuffed into a ballot box and Trump votes being thrown in the trash.
Movie Theaters should start renting theaters out hourly to gamers who wanna play their favorite games on gigantic screens with surround sound.
breathing masks for birds
Need some tech in glasses that could make sound to locate them when lost
A police robot that looks cute and moves at the same speed that old grandmothers move at.
Hobble conspiracy theories like Q Anon by flooding the internet with alternate crazy conspiracy theories, so that people get overwhelmed &amp; tune them all out.
There should be a “random selection” button on Netflix (or other streaming services) that randomly chooses a movie/series/etc from it’s content library for the user.
Your car headlights goes on automatically when you turn on your wipers.
WSB is proving the power of coordinating online. That same power could be used to reshape social media to be healthier.
A replica shopping mall for slow walkers
A website where you can find a song just by putting in “dodododo” to the rhythm
Can anyone help me?
Make a sequel to the movie The Professional with Natalie Portman but have Gal Gadot play the grown up part
Photos whose could become real
Planting Herbs near Urban Location
A federal gun buyback program where police departments can hand in their guns in exchange for tasers and other non-lethal weapons.
Fact-checker collar shocker.
A water bottle that is inside out. Instead of drinking the water, you are the drinking the plastic, and inside the plastic are eyelashes that swim up your head and behind the eye.
Stop calling Native Americans Native Americans and start calling them Americans. Instead call White Americans European Americans
Covid Inessential Travel Airline tax of $1,000 per ticket, applicable to only 2.5 million Americans that make $250k+/yr.
If Biden wins, Roast Donald Trump (again)
Collect live data for self driving cars by having police ride them around those assigned beat
We should have an age cap on how old a politician can be until we have a cure for Alzheimer’s and other dementias
InstantGram where you get to talk to a stand-in grandma because your real grandma who is an alcoholic called you a piece of shit and didn’t realize you were listening
For every $25,000,000 the 1% donates to charity, they get -1% removed for their taxes
Having a crazy idea, but forgetting it and feeling crazy cause you went to crazy ideas to post this
Create a type of universal sign language that is taught in schools from elementary to college to lessen language barriers and improve communication between people from other countries
A food condom—basically a thin but flexible plastic sock that you swallow with a large rigid ring (too big/stiff to swallow) around the opening that lays across the back of your throat. Could be used as a diet aid or a horrific torture device. Gotta breathe through your nose while you use it.
Idea, and I dont even know if its legal to do.
A cross-over game with FF7 and Sailor Moon
Create an inverse waste tax
Have the plural for 'Rat' be 'Racha', and for every additional Rat, you add another 'cha' at the end
Bind politions salary to the average wage of the country so they can't just keep giving themselves raises
Steal someone's identity for a good cause. Start a small line of credit for them, make small purchases and pay it off every month, build their credit history and score. Become the financial vigilante this world needs.
Replace erotic pole dancing with erotic pole vaulting
A random sperm bank in a tank
Once an hour, on the hour, wherever you happen to be, stand up and shout, "I'm Spartacus!" Observe closely to see who else does the same.
WHEEL OF MISFORTUNE CHALLENGE By jessie Sims
Classes should have extra material and grade levels above A that don't count for GPA, for people who like the topic and want a challenge.
DC, on their new streaming site, should make a show about young Batman's training.
Reddit adds video length to posts so we can see what we are getting into before clicking.
Disney should make a new princess film staring Meghan Markle
A version of Google Maps that will enable users to see real time movements.
We all complain about daylight savings time. What if we all, just, DIDN'T change our clocks?
Give cereal bags zip lock tops inside the box
Cali5nia
You have known your parents for your entire life, but they only know you for a portion of theirs
Have your name changed to “Fortunate Son”, get really famous, go into grocery stores or bars or something and ask you “are you fortunate son?” and then you scream in their face “it aint me”
White people should offer to drop off black people's ballots at the board of elections for them, to keep said black people safe from the rabid Trump supporters guarding the dropboxes.
A micro-industry of artisan water distillers who add special aromatics to their products. Combinations that blow the human mind away, like the original Willy Wonka candy factory, but for waters both still and gas. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
In the wake of the George Floyd murder
A fight club for people with anger problems.
Instead of sending thousands of troops to war, leaders of US and Iran should battle to death and sell tickets to the stream, with proceeds going to helping the planet.
The Nude Olympics
Fire the police force, and then pay the homeless to be cops.
Sadly, the Dakotas have turned in to North DaCovid &amp; South DaCovid :(
Get the cast of John Carpenter's 'The Thing' to do a reunion on Twitch playing Among Us for charity.
Coronavirus was started due to the fukushima meltdown. A bat carried it from Japan to China where it mutated in the Shitou cave.
Earning Money from Your Unique Recipes!
for the next ten years, all majors that are related to infectious disease are free (government funded research)
Everyone has a drone that is following them everywhere, records everything and plays action movie musics at appropriate times.
What if we didn’t start ww3
The English language should start accepting the word ‘knowte’ as a common term meaning mental note
Parents should be responsible for their offsprings their entire life. We don't ask to be born, parents choose to give birth to someone so they should be responsible for them for the entire time the offspring is alive even after reaching adulthood untill the parents are alive.
you receive a letter taped to your door saying... snipers know where you are. they might not be pointing right now or even near you. the police have left you these handcuffs. put them on and beat yourself so we dont have to.
Add crack to Pringles so truly, once you pop you can’t stop
There should be an app that congratulates you/rewards you for keeping your streak of staying home alive.
A model to solve climate change
Send unsolicited dick pics to everyone in your contacts and 20 random numbers. But, they're just pictures of Vice President Cheney.
Rename all the music notes to eliminate flats and sharps.
A Final Destination movie that climaxes in a legal drama, with the families of victims claiming damages for deaths.
Tiny packing peanuts inside Pringles cans to keep the chips from breaking.
A sub where you post two stories and it's up to the readers to figure out which one is real.
Until after the election, no one can create a new reddit account.
Carry around a cow at all times. Cows can be useful as weapons, makeshift tools, vehicles, advertisement surfaces, currency, and even food.
Replace airline seats with sleeping capsules (similar to those found in a Japanese capsule hotel)
A button on your browser that accepts all cookies and adverts from all websites
Deliver any requested kind of molecules or tiny pieces of food thru wire-like tubes that hang with power lines and internet wires
make a donut shaped cigarette 24000 miles long and smoke it all the way around the earth.
What if we send our garbage into space instead of continuing to pollute the Earth?
For zoom meetings, have 8 speakers in different places your office, each speaker connected to one person. Use people's natural ability to orient sound in space to hear clearly when side conversations go on.
Sting operations against cops by overcover civilians.
Choosing how you want your taxes allocated for a more democratic system.
Whoever gets elected President should be allowed to fulfill their primary campaign promise no questions asked.
We could literally have a worldwide vote for something.
An app for people that identifies other people that want to talk to random strangers on public transportation so they can meet with each other and leave the rest of us the fuck alone.
Tarzan wordplay
Use the discount code R U N at any restaurant and recieve a 100% discount off of your meal!
+ (44) 555-670-3125 Is a great way to write out phone numbers, but I was thinking that we could add a blacklist gate to the phone system where we give out our phone numbers as: (+44) 555-670-3125:2695 It would essentially add a port system to our phones and allow keyed access at specific times.
A pizza place called Cheezus Christ
Voting for what people pay taxes for.
An app where others can wait on customer service calls for you and forward it to you when they answer.
A career position at a company that solely handles robo and cold calls wasting the callers time with meetings and music, and is allowed to say whatever they want to the person on the other end of the line
It IS the Zombie apocalypse, but instead of saying ‘More Brains’ half the Zombies are saying ‘Trump is Good’ and the other half ‘Trump is Bad’ while the world turns into a wasteland and 500 million people blame one person.
An internet trivia game. A trivia game taking place on the internet, Which asks questions about internet history, and culture.
make the ocean a country
A website where you can search for names/phrases with the same energy as each other, as bases in community vote.
Politicians should discover the Antimatter Cure. Like consumer disinfectant products, antimatter is scientifically proven to destroy viruses. Unlike disinfectants, there's no danger that folks would actually attempt this.
A transfer market of the employees in the job market with fair play rules.
Shorten wild animals lifespan by genetically engineering them, and then domesticate them and progress would be seen under 100 years
A phone usage tracker which also interprets your data to give a personality analysis.
An “Are you sure you want to keep scrolling” prompt that shows up after you’ve been browsing reddit for too long
A playlist that’s labeled “Music for when you’re sad” but instead of the regular music that you would cry to, it’s a bunch of uplifting songs to help you feel better
Bejazzled pills you take and when you do a poo it sparkles.
Send kids with attention deficit to concentration camps.
(nsfw) A special porn studio with cameras surrounding the pornstars so that premium customers get to control their designated camera during a live porn event. You get to be your own porn cameraman.
Separate Amazon Prime into Amazon Media Services, and Amazon Shopping
Sex media for women?
Olympics but with an athlete raffle: the next sport is announced, then the athletes are decided via raffle, regardless of their experience or training.
The Ripper Relay: Contestants must rip beyblade keys out of specially constructed handcars to propel themselves. They sit on a turntable which spins with the progress of the car, and may extend their arms to thwack other contestants when they've built up the momentum to take that time off the ripper
Scratch-off lottery tickets where you can win toilet paper instead of money
Start spelling it "uffect" and watch how it uffects the affect/effect pedants.
A show that is both a PG rated Netflix series AND an online porn channel.
So it’s like an app that just lets you call a random person and ask them a question that you can’t figure out how to word correctly for a google search
Bring back Mutton Chops.
Every Smash Ultimate fighter having a palette swap based on the American flag instead of just Mario.
"Mosquito Attractant" for the ones that are already inside the house.
An authoritarian global dictatorship that forces each person to have a neural implant that detects when you say or think "New York" so it can correct you and say "You mean Jew York?", and do nothing else.
Let's cut to the chase! Boxing match instead of a Presidential debate. Loser must take drug test and show all of his tax records.
Dealing with the intelligent people and lazy people correlation
A device that let other people hear what you think you sound like in your mind.
Have Elon Musk give flat earthers money to come up with one experiment to prove the earth is flat. Let them all come together once and for all and they build the experiment but are watched for tampering from real scientists. Settle the stupid disagreements once and for all!!
There should be a subreddit where information about bans is made public. Every time a mod bans someone from a subreddit, it should automatically log the specific post(s) that triggered it. And the mods reason for doing so.
Look a gift horse in the mouth
Disallow all posting of GIFs longer than 5 seconds on Reddit
Stranger Things Season 4 should just be Scott Clarke explaining the plot of the first three seasons.
Political leaders should be chosen more like jury duty...
A protest a week
Let's put 50 Cent's face on a dollar bill
A Disney movie where both parents of the protagonist are alive.
We create a new development stage between adolescence and adulthood, so for ages 18-25, where we are encouraged and supported to travel, experiment, and experience things.
A website where you can vote on polls by donating to charity.
Label all fast food and cigarette packaging with QR code’s that specify origin. Pay people to cleanup litter, scan and back charge all origins.
Are You Smarter Than A College Sophomore?
Make a new song “I bless the rains down in Australia”
Ice cream that only has to be frozen AFTER opening
Every post title has to be in rhyme or it's banned like a crime
When you make a call and there’s a list of options and what number to press. The phone should display the options on the touch screen as the info is retrieved from the registered number and what options they list when calling.
A Rubix Cube That Resets When Solved
George Lucas should re-write the sequel trilogy. As Star Wars fans, we could just agree that they are canon instead of Disney's shit-show.
A subreddit where we unite to buy comissioned arts
in spanish comics they laugh with 'jajajajajaja', you should laugh like that in real life, except with a hard 'j'
Mood shoes
Find obscure Bible quotes in support on environmental preservation, and blast them out to right wing voters
A function on TVs where can change what the volume level says without actually changing the volume level.
Bags of sliced bread without the ends. Also bags of just the ends for much cheaper.
Baja Blast flavored Skittles!
instead of blaming anti-maskers, blame the government for being deceptive about many other things over the years and tell the government to regain peoples trust by never lying again, so future anti-somethingers wont have that reason not to believe the government
Say at work that you don't support Black Lives Matter
Powdered Soda
The next state the U.S. gets should be called Misterssippi, that way Mister and Mississippi can be married.
The Great Debate
To make YouTube ads worth our time, they should make it in a way in which the items the add is trying to sell, it should come up on the screen and we can decide if we want to buy it or not just by clicking the image of the thing they are trying to sell and it will get delivered to us.
Men should be allowed to have ass babiesTurn politics into a licensed profession, like medicine or law, with a minimum educational requirement
Add a penis pill enlargement advert on every ruler, tape measure, meter stick, etc.
Rename the autonomous car to the auto car or automobile
The God Machine- A machine that vaporizes anyone it determines is evil, everyone has to walk through it
Sensors on a cop's belt that goes off anytime any weapon (taser, pistol or billy cub) is drawn that turns on a body camera and pings their station with their GPS location.
pay off all ypur debts to society so you dont owe them anything of any kind. you dont owe them showing up in court if they demand it. you dont owe them any more tax. nothing, cuz you prepaid it all.
What if we made exercise balls the correct way to travel
A Blues Clues Booze Cruise, with hosts, Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz and Terry Crews- the who's who of the Cruise/Cruz/Crews crew.
A phone app which somehow lets you change how photos show up in someone's gallery. So for example they send their family group chat what they think is a photo of their dog they took earlier, but to everyone else it shows up as something obscene/pornographic.
Effective Substance Abuse Diversion Programs at Schools
If everybody jumped at the same Time on planet Earth, we could reduce the planet’s size, making the temperature slightly lower, counteracting global warming.
Remaster old TV shows to remove the laugh track
Eyeball Tattoo - All about eye scleral tattooing Close Up
Self checkout machines that, when you decline giving money to charity, respond back "wow, you're a dick."
You wear a virtual reality helmet just to simulate wearing a virtual reality helmet.
A keyboard key like CAPSLOCK or SHIFT bUt It AuToMaTiCaLlY aLtErNaTeS uPpEr- AnD lOWeRcAsE.
A browser plugin that flips a coin to half the time swap your browser history with the cop or judge accusing you, so they'll think twice about that
Everyone should call the police station on police cars that are speeding or running red lights without emergency lights on
Banks should have an option where every time you splurge on a non-essential thing, it matches that amount and deducts it into either your savings account or some 401k/Roth IRA kind of account
Only allow sports teams to hire players who are from the city where the team is based.
You know How u dip you hand in wax tô make a wax hand? They gotta make a glove i can wear covered in bread-crumbs so i could safely deep-fry my hand and then chew on the fried breading throughout the day.
Place shock collars on politicians before debates
What if someone only brushed and flossed one side of their mouth their entire life?
Annual paintball war/capture the flag in a midwestern rural county in which extreme right and left wingers battle royale. 10,000 participants. Televise the whole thing using drones and camera crews at command posts, get refs, commentary by legit talking heads, big ass trophy
An alarm clock app that wakes you up 10 minutes earlier if there's a frost.
A Cooking Fever game that includes a cash register which gives you 2 choices for the total amount of a guest's order which now includes cosmetics to diversify the number of items instead of using the topping system
Crazy Idea: A pedal powedered, timered, heat lamp for pet beds.
Jour d'Anniversaire(s)
A dating app where you have to verify your STD results every two weeks
Idea for RPG quest: State that something is running 24/7/365 (like a shop), but make this thing stop (like close a shop) on 29th day for February(i.e. the leap day) and let the player benefit somehow (like by robbing the shop while it's closed)
An organization that donates skin from people that lost weight and have excess skin to burn victims.
Get a crew of covid negative road workers quarintine them and make them fix every busy road/interstate it would save everyone a ton of money at the end of the day. Imagine redoing California's roads to sweet smooth new asphalt overnight.
Along with a birth certificate, all new birth now comes with a finance agreement with the parents where every dollars the parents spent on their children, they become debt for that child to their parents once they turn 18.
A conspiracy-theorist tabletop game-- Cards Against Sanity!
Melania should slip divorce papers into Trump's regular presidential paperwork and see if he signs over half his wealth to her without noticing.
We should change the downvote button to take a % value from the upvotes. So that downvoting bad posts from the front page will actually affect them.
Add the state of being horny on the metric system. So when the horny level goes up the phone will update you that you should watch porn.
Jeffery Toobin should host a informative political/legal talk show on PornHub called Toobin' It with Jeffery Toobin
Make mugging legal, as long as all the proceeds go to charity.
Party mix without the pretzels
what the fuck
A website that provides the keypad shortcuts for major phone numbers so you can get past automated call directories quicker
Re-record the Flintstones theme with lyrics to help people know if they've got the coronavirus.
A kind of hula hoop that you wear that has a radius of 2 metres, to ensure that cited social distancing measures are enforced at all timesm
A pizza guy/MILF porn, but half way thru the MILF's wig falls off to reveal she's really a Karen.
You cant sleep on a park bench in the middle of the night. Its illegal to be homeless. They'll arrest you sometimes. They wont give you a roof and walls that you can sleep in while looking for a job. They'll give you that in jail. So why not also make it illegal to be starving.
How to Raise $682,485.25 USD on Kickstarter - Interview with Brady Whitney from Codex Silenda
HP Elite Dragonfly
A website specifically for moms that will make a lot of profit
What if we just made gas pump hoses a few feet longer so they could be used on either side of the car?
The sleeping air line
Proud Boys Roleplay Gay Porn
Want to really stop texting and driving? Every time a person is pulled over for texting and driving 10 random innocent people are lined up and they’re given a gun to shoot one. If they can’t do it, they get shot.
A human brain in its most natural form.
Thoughts in shower thoughts goes through a very complex filter making it not very shower thoughtful.
Not showing ads to people that already own the product
Minute rice too long, need second rice
Reality hide-and-seek tv show that doesn’t end until everyone has been found. The seasons would take place in large areas such as cruise ships, forests, stadiums and more.
New spin on an existing crazy idea for US candidate tests
Let's stop ordering Snickers, Nutella, Oreo... cakes, so at the cafe we can order normal cheesecake.
An outdoor statue of two Jedi fighting, but their lightsabers are bug zappers.
A national wide website to offer up extra game pieces/missing game pieces that someone may be looking for
Organize a large group of people to call into every radio station and flood them with request to play All Star by Smash Mouth. So every radio channel you turn to is playing All Star at the same time.
Freeze/bake dip into hard "chips", then dip them into blended chips
Use celebrity wax figures as mannequins in shop windows
Is this real
A comedy movie with Vegeta and Nappa as the main characters. They are trying to be better Saiayans than Goku. Their plot would be to attempt to defeat Goku in many clever ways and losing every battle.
So what if we shot trainee soldiers in the leg?
A subreddit where others can vote if you and your partner should stay together or break up. /r/ratemyrelationship, RMR!
A dating app for people who work the evening and night shifts called OddOurs.
I think that at least one girl on reddit posted nudes and used the push notification vibrations on her phone to get off while getting on the front page. If not, crazy idea that might just work.
Make it illegal to lie in public for the POTUS
A camera in the form factor of a cellphone, but with no other functionality. It has only two buttons, the shutter and a menu key for all other functions, so if you see something you can instantly go from pocket to photo.
Micro-transactions to change traffic lights green
Bring back Club Penguin :(
Website that lets you run your latest tax return through under a prospective presidential candidate's proposed tax plan.
America voluntarily rescinds The Declaration of Independence and rejoins the UK, for the free universal healthcare.
We’ve always been sheltering in place because of coronavirus, and all of our pre-coronavirus memories are just stories we’ve made up to keep ourselves from going insane.
Go To Fox News Website and Search "Mattis" So That He'll Start Trending
Fake Pornhub videos should be called Dickbait instead of Clickbait
I'd you're headed to the Electric Chair or Gas Chamber, you should be allowed to pick cocaine as your last meal.
Board planes faster by opening the top and pouring passengers in with a huge dump truck
if a hiway alternates 500 feet of cars and 1000 feet of empty space, then 2 hiways can cross eachother without a stop light, each crossing the 1000 feet of empty space of the sideways hiway, without slowing down
From 10AM to before midday, the greeting term to be used is "Good ante-noon."
Let's call male Karens KaRons!
An Olympics for doping athletes to see who's drug is more potent
I have a crazy marketing idea specifically for St. Jude and ASCPA.
Reddit should come together to help Texas, they won't ask for it usually.
Kall it “Kushner’s Killer Kloronavirus”
If you want Trump to win, all Trump supporters should vote for Biden. That way, when they tally the votes and it shows Biden winning with 99% of the vote, it will look like some obvious dictator-style voter fraud.
Drones that livestream the protests, with a readout on them that shows how many viewers there are.
An Animal Crossing - Pokemon crossover. Life simulator like animal crossing but all the villagers are crossing style pokemon.
weed used as an ankle weight
Dell Vostro 3400 Laptopinstead of dividing things into fiction vs nonfiction, have a continuous range of truth vs made up for entertainment. Many supposedly nonfiction news sources would go somewhere in the middle.
A way to make it sound less echoy on the phone... like the obvious echo in a bathroom. Because there's times when a call needs to be answered even while answering nature's call.
Lick cats to assert dominance
Taxpayers should be able to choose the specific policies their money should go towards. This way politicians have to campaign to raise funds specifically for the policies they want, and people can vote with their money.
When war breaks out, the winner is decided by which country does the most good stuff for the other country, like building necessary infrastructure, feeding malnourished children and introducing universal healthcare.
Have Gordon Ramsay as moderator of the presidential debates
a religion where your afterlife depends only on what you do before age 30
A website with pics of road kill would be a useful resource to help people find their missing pets.
An idea for a RPG quest: State that something is running 24/7/365 (like a shop), but make this thing stop (like close the shop) on 29th day of February(i.e. the leap day) and let the player benefit somehow (like by robbing the shop while it's closed)
Old people's votes in elections should weigh less than young people's for two important reasons; they're not as vested in the future because they'll be dead soon, and disproportionately turnout more than the youth vote, scewing policies and candidates towards antiquated ways of getting things done.
The only time you don't cry when someone you have loved , cared and known all your life dies , is when you die yourself
Instead of Stand-up there are lay-down shows where instead of making ypu laugh the people complain about their lives and try to make you cry.
Record yourself standing on a segboard until it runs out for battery.
Let people filter out Netflix content based on actors
Artists posting on Reddit should hire models to pose with their work. This way they’ll get more upvotes.
Name all future rockets "Icarus." That way, when one eventually explodes, we can wax poetically about the hubris of man.
All weapons of the US are disposed of. Police have to gather in Los Angeles. Everyone else has to gather in New York. They have to march across America until they meet in the middle, and fight. Also, everyone is wearing a clown outfit and clown makeup, with the big shoes and large gloves.
WIth news that cruise lines plan on restarting business-as-usual in Aug. ,George Soros should buy a cruise line and offer deeply discounted fares for themed cruises like Coronovirus: China's Attack on Democracy, or Trump 2020: A Call to Arms, or Coronavirus: The Deep State Conspiracy. Profit!
A stand fan that turns 360 degrees.
Every post on /r/ATBGE must be crossposted to /r/GTAGE. If the post has more upvotes in GTAGE than ATBGE, OP will be banned.
You get to swap the directors of any two movies and have them remake each other's films: Which movies do you choose?
People thinking about getting married should just throw an over the top party together, that way you know if you just wanted the party or actually want a marriage.
https://www.reddit.com/r/community0ftheLoser?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share
Turn off the internet, temporarily
wonGet $1000 to Spend at Walmart
Thoughts on Weekly Live Meetings with an Established Inventor as Emcee?
All social media sites introduce a functional dislike button for a week.
With the distrust of cops and prominence of superhero media, we should be seeing more cop-haters turning to superheroics to still dispense justice without enforcing unjust laws
An app that lets you hire people near you to act like papprazzi when you show up to a club or anywhere else in public.
Turn all those people who recovered from Coronavirus into an inoculated workforce
Allow me to sort Amazon by % of returns
A new Looney Tunes character for the era of social distancing named Proximity Sam.
Every redditor downvotes all 'ok boomer' and millenial, etc. posts and comments, thus becoming the largest force on the planet against negativity.
Humans that believe in armageddeon-esque apocalyptic (especially religious) worldviews should not be allowed to hold positions in governments. Anywhere.
why doesn’t kendall jenner just give someone a pepsi and end the riots once and for all??
Text to speech that you sign up for based on how much you curse. Often I'm saying curse words and the text to speech throws in the "most common" similar matches. But I'm saying "ass" man! Ass! Not "ask"
Georgia, oh Georgia, won't you vote for a stimulus check, and more time
1. Study ponzi/double your money schemes, 2. Catch new ones when they’re still giving out money 3. Pull out in time 4. Profit
Everyone is their own home-owner. Draws for living in larger cities if necessary?
Ariana Grande would be a fantastic name for a truck
Make a video game that has an anxiety meter and whenever it's full have the screen warp into something funky so that it would still be a playable game but image is warping, turning pink, etc.
In the interest of gender neutrality, change the term "mail man" to "person person".
Oregon Trail the Movie
A Second American Revolution?
Open Florida, Washington, Maine and California and have adjacent states take on the overflow of new patients. Then, once those states are immune, open Nevada, Oregon, Massachusetts and Georgia, and have the first states take on the overflow. Repeat until we're fully cured.
Bite the hand that feeds you
If ghosts can make any kind of physical contact with a human, that means a human can make physical contact with it. Under that assumption I would bet a professional MMA fighter would be able to completely incapacitate a ghost.
Reddit should have an “award” like gold you can pay for but it’s a dunce cap you give to posts you think are stupid.
Automatic haircut booths kinda like an old photo booth setup. Self pay, apron dispenses, you pick a cut, color and preferred hair product. Let the magic happen and your done.
Someone should sell a “desk accessory pack” with small things that are handy for on your desk like: a coaster, a small light, a usb hub, a small tray for stuff
World leaders should wage war by engaging with fistfights with each other.
Make national hall for hooligans
Arrange the funniest and cringiest videos from the Parler hack into a full length movie to release into theaters.
Go down the Cresta Run in a wheelbarrow while brandishing a spade and with a plant pot wedged on your head.
Autocorrect, but instead of spelling it corrects factual information.
Liquid ass diffuser prankWith the artistic stylings of JoJo’s Bizarre Adventure, Warhammer 40k would make a decent anime.
Picking a song that you listen to often and cutting it out of your life for a period of time to create a mental time capsule.
Woke versions of songs that still have profanity, but no bigoted slurs
Instead of a fantasy football draft, have a fantasy life draft. Pick a team of kindergarteners and get/lose points every time they do something significant (make a friend, win an award, get a job, etc.)
There should be anti awards on reddit. Similar to how silver can boost a post/comment, anti awards should help “hide” a post/comment. This would greatly help if there’s misleading/wrong info
Remake Ferris bueller’s day off and cast Tom Holland as Ferris
Music streaming services should have an option for you to ration songs you like so you don't play them a trillion times in one day and ruin them
It should be an illegal, death-penalty offense to record the words, "We have been trying to reach you about your car's extended warranty."
Subreddit watermark
Ya like indian stuff?
A bunch of gimps who go around counter-protesting libertarians with signs that say "step on me"
Buy 100 bottles of 10 year old scotch, wait six years, then grab a Sharpie and sell it as 18 year old scotch for a huge profit.
Attach blankets to seat belts, that way every time you buckle up you’ve got a blanket on. Bonus points if it’s an electric blanket that’s integrated into the climate control of the car.
Clocks and watches that sync with other clocks in close proximity. The one with strongest syncing power determines the true UTC
Players who commit fouls in hockey games need to be put in the same penalty box and forced to hold hands.
A Roomba that mows your lawn
Instead of piling nachos high on a normal plate, spread them out on a long plate.
Remake "Dances with Wolves" as a reality TV show like "Dancing with the Stars".
Boardgame with a twist
Have every IKEA employee wear a faceless mask and block all the exits on April 1st or Halloween
Gatorade should make a Britta filter you can install that turns tap water into Propel.
Combine the restaurants IHOP and Hooters and call it Hotcakes.
Spaghetti and meatballs, but the spaghetti noodles are strings of beef and the meatballs are made of wheat.
Make all garden lights full spectrum lights and put a second photovoltaic cell that will capture energy at night.
A Real Life Assassin's Creed
Combat global warming my setting off a nuclear winter
r/all but for nsfw content
A live action horror film about uncanny valley CGI versions of politcal cartoons distorted depictions of current politicians
I am going to ransom the US presidential election.
What about coffee cups made out of toast?
"Cummy Bears"
Governments around the world should declassify information about extraterrestrials while their citizens are already locked down and in panic mode.
1: Freeze a bunch of red Jell-O. 2: Build a snowman around the frozen red Jell-O. 3: Wait until someone walks by, then violently plunge your hand into the snowman. 4: Eat the Jell-O.
Whenever Jesus Christ is depicted as a white guy instead of a Middle Eastern guy, refer to him as Jethro Christ instead.
Switching Parties to Change the Republican Primary
Chinese celebrities rush to defend Beijing's Xinjiang policy by cutting ties with international brands
Dark Tower Prequels - lots of em
rebrand the Coronavirus as the "Bat Plague"!
A free white noise sleep app that has a 0.0001% chance of suddenly playing horrifying, loud EVP ghost noises while you’re sleeping (and a paid upgrade to remove it)
In the U.S.A. lets play a little Charity crowdfunding game in efforts to see who's Constituents have a more humane, loving ,caring and sharing principles..... who is more willing to bring about social empowerment....Democrats OR Republican party ???
a sign that says entrance fee without mask $5, with mask $free
Get a Delorean and fix it up like the car in Back to the Future. Use it to kidnap people by pulling up to them in broad daylight and telling them to, "Get in the car, we have to do something about your grandkids!"
Roundup debt payoff
They should remake the final season of House of Cards with Kevin Spacey in it, but all of his salary is donated to prosecuting sexual abusers and providing justice to families affected.
The ability to bribe the moderators in karma to have them allow you back onto a subreddit you've been banned from.
Reddit would make more money if users could boost a comment visibility with a small amount of cash.
24 hours where on Facebook everyone becomes anonymous, all past activity/photos hidden so you don't know who is posting something.
Turn history books in school into historical graphic novels.
A toaster with a breaker to prevent people from getting electrocuted in the bathtub.
Audio Cookbooks
A movie about someone running from a deadly virus slowly spreading everywhere they went to find sanctuary. Person later finds out they were infected the whole time and they were the one spreading it. Everyone is kill.
Rioters ambush every zoo in America and release all the animals!
A Muppet version of the movie David Lynch film Eraserhead
A subreddit where famous memes (most upvoted memes in subreddits) meme template creaters tell their story of how how they go the idea to create it.Remove the option to dissable coments on youtube videos.
Using your social security number to vote online.
An escape room type of company that consists of  reenacting murders and your score is based on how little evidence you leave.
Train all firefighters to also be police officers and eliminate the division between two. Only those really dedicated people to protecting and serving will apply.
A blog that only posts"Elf on the Shelf" that are wildly inappropriate and NSFKids
Using the rotation of the earth to generate unlimited power
There Should Be a Karma Exception on People's Cake Day
Presidential/congressional candidates should receive a psychological evaluation by a doctor and be disqualified from race if they exhibit psychopathic, sociopathic, or narcissistic personality traits.
Looters should unite against the man. No more mom-and-pop stores.
A fragile non-lethal (very low power) live wire specifically for cats to bite so when they get into it, they get a nasty shock and start getting negative reinforcement for cables
We speak to comedian Steve Cantwelll about his experience with the drug Salvia where he was living in the body of another man for 8 years.
Get Dave Chappelle to be press secretary for the Biden White House.
Website dedicated to protest/rally forming
Rename the White House to the Grey House
I want to see the National Parks and Rangers services in USA get a far greater budget to allow for extensive Search And Rescue(SAR) operations.
We should teach people to think about thinking.
A zoo without cages, just giant hamster balls large enough to contain each animal.
Report every Mike Bloomberg political ad as offensive.
Bioengineering mosquitoes (or making robotic mosquitoes) to replace phlebotomists
Avengers Endgame, but the original six all die at the end.
A betting site that lists high ranked military and politicians who've contracted the COVID-19
To prove you aren't a robot, you must pronounce 'Captcha'
Could this even work? An app that would identically mimick the display of the users phone when started.
Just like we made smoking allowed areas, we can make no mask or social distancing areas for people who want to make their own decisions and not have them affect others.
A game show where contestants are locked in a windowless, clockless room. The goal is to stay in for exactly one year. For every day you go under or over, money is taken off the prize.
Replace the stored water in a firetruck with lighter fluid
Elected officials should be required to resolve the issues of their constituents within term limits...
A gym where all of the equipment generates electricity when being used. They would save the gym money on power bill, and would be slightly less of a waste.
If you're doing illegal stuff like producing drugs do it disguised as a cop so if they find your place you can just pretend you where trying to catch the guy but he isn't here
Make it a law that requires depictions of first aid in media be accurate and modern methods
Since government wont consent to you having sex before a certain age, government can consent to you having sex with anyone government chooses as long as that other person consents but your consent is already given by the government.
Just change the electoral college to the state governors. If a tie vote is necessary, it goes to the speaker of the house.
Ensure equal access and exposure time for each presidential candidate with a shared public exposure budget.
Showers that you can shit in
When your delivery is delayed, the app should make up a fake reason why
“Superlike,” but on Instagram. Each user gets one “Superlike” per 24 hour period to use how they wish.
Items in your house not used in 2 years automatically despawn
On Dec 25 dislike jake paul videos, report him, etc
An app that allows me to upload and tag pictures of food
Have a billionaire sponsor the US government for a year instead of everyone else paying taxes and see how that goes. "USA, brought to you by Jeff Bezos and Amazon Prime".
Name your dog "Stains", so when you walking your dog you have to yell out "Come Stains"!
A Windows Setting that tells windows I know what I'm doing so it does not stop me from doing anything or hide anything
In the spirit of r/trees|r/marijuanaenthusiasts and r/johncena|r/potatosalad, r/politics and r/conservative should swap places.
Replace write ups in the workplace with designated bathroom duty for a week
Create a movie for Daniel Day-Lewis about a method actor who is shooting a film, but he keeps vanishing due to his immersion into the role of an explorer or castaway. Separately document the film-making process. Release both films at once.
Since education and all couldn't solve the racial problems in America, new laws should be posed making interracial marriage as a MUST for every American.
an idea for a new sub
Garlic Toothpaste
Dining During Covid
The King's horses only have hooves. Why the Hell would people believe they could put an egg back together?
The Book by Book Challenge!
A birth control mascot, called the Condom Ninja that instead of throwing shurikins they throw condoms
How about we stop littering
Reddit Mobile Should Use The Volume Up/Down Buttons to Upvote/Downvote Posts
Everyone collectively agrees to pretend they have never heard of Donald Trump
Iraq War re-enactments
Whenever a post on reddit gets an award purchased with real money, the poster should be able to donate a small % of the worth of the award to a charity of their choosing.
Replace the term 'dick pic' with 'Richard Pichard.'
A canal that is wider than the length of the ships that pass through it
Make every cigarette pack defective to make people quit out of frustration. Plastic on the outside? Doesn't have a pull tape. Flip top? Hinge doesn't bend. Slide pack? Doesn't slide. Foil tab on the inside? Rips.
Using science, genetically modify bears, lions and tiger to be no larger than 40lbs and then domesticate them.
Every US city should have the same colors for all of its major sports teams.
what if we made a wikipedia page for countrtyhumans
Let's reinstate pillories in public places where people spreading stupid ideas like racism/homophobic views have to stand for an extended period of like 2 hrs
Covid person wash
On Halloween Reddit displays every post you’ve ever hidden on your feed when you first log on.
A Government Programm paying 100 000 dollars for each space garbage object in low earth orbit to however manages to remove it from orbit somehow.
Turn Reddit karma into an online currency redeemable for awards and other services.
The "I was born in the wrong country" card, where you can switch citizenship with a random citizen from another country who chose your country as their destination
Audi should release a country-specific model in Saudi Arabia called "Sarabia".
I want to make a cake pan
A solution for sea level rise
My Grandmother removed me from the will after my Grandfather Died. Now I want revenge.
Tell Trump supporters not to vote because ‘if nobody votes, Trump wins by default’ to get them to forfeit their votes.
If you don't have sex for, say, a year, then you should be allowed to reclaim your virginity.
Explosive Cookie Dough
Animate the entire Lion King movie but with Pokemons.
An app (or site) where you guess the higher majority for would you rather questions.
A full-size, luxury adult golf course but with massive obstacles. If Tiger Woods is that good let's see him get past the big windmill.
Create the website, “DiscussYourPay.com” and create profiles for each company and allow employees to anonymously reveal their pay and their thoughts about their pay. It should also provide insights to people looking to work for the company.
A move of genius or total madness?
Get in shape with this one weird trick: prison. You pay to be imprisoned.
add NOT CRAZY flair to this sub similar to SPOILER
Youtube Red but you pay by watching a ton of ads
The whole JK Rowling meltdown over transgender issues is nothing more than a carefully scripted marketing ploy
Hire people who are unemployed because of Covid as contact tracers to fight the spread of Covid.
Responsible socially distanced gangbangs
A Translator app from normal english to trump language and vice versa
Bong weed
Glasses that say how many people stared at you and how long.
Force all aircraft to have 75% of seats be empty to achieve social distancing
Keep all the panic buyers in quarantine until they finish every last piece of food they bought and wasted.
Obesity prevention: All chairs and seating should have a set weight limit.
Like NSFW, a NSFS tag: Not Safe For Sheeple, for conspiracy theories, political views that would otherwise be removed, etc
Get a tattoo of the word "Soup". Then, when people ask you why you have a tattoo of the word "Soup", act confused and insist its actually the word "Courage"
Orio makes 2 new products. A cream spread, and just the cookies.
Passwords Should Allow Deletes As Characters
A massive underground tube delivery system for anything that needs to go from point A to point B that blasts them through at several hundred MPH.
Have a presidential debate but instead of a moderator let it be a marriage counselor
We should water the Sahara Desert...
Start calling women "people of gender" and see how long it take for the term "people of color" to go away.
Bumps in the road so blind people can drive.
YouTube should have an option to filter videos from the oldest to the newest.
Be a politician who runs on expanding the state's food stamps program; watch the welfare queen's faces when you permanently change foods stamps to only pay for a plant based diet so many people are no longer considered disabled and deserving of welfare because they lost so much weight
A month for poverty awareness like no fap November
zoomers globally should create our own language just to piss off/confuse boomers
Cigarettes with filters at both ends so you can break them in half and share them with your friends
Give everyone in America 2 grand a month till COVID is over.
Companies that keep customers by using contracts should not be allowed to call themselves the "most trusted" company, whether it's true or not.
A driving service like Uber but if both the passenger and the driver rate one another 5 stars you match like a dating app
Minecraft jukebox model toy
A kickboxing match where only one guy knows it's kickboxing and not regular boxing.
Get Elon Musk to allow a flat earther to stick a camera on the next rocket test flight so we can debunk this dumb theory once and for all.
Since Braille can't be used on phones because it's a flat surface, have a system of phone vibrating to simulate letters for blind people
When your phone reads driving directions aloud, any music you're listening to should momentarily pause and then resume when the directions are done being read.
A quarterly review process for presidents, if they haven’t met their goals or upheld their promises, they get fired.
A fast food place that has basically the same quality of food as every other fast food place but they only have 1 thing on the menu and it’s called “The Whole Bunch of Shit Meal”. It’s cost 7.99 and it’s just a bunch of whatever the fuck so you can eat an ass of food
Emotion based music player:Music by my mood.
Elect Mr beast as the president for a day
Underwear that Jack you off incognito and absorb the cum
Carpet that has to be grown from a seed layer and mowed like a lawn
Try to guess where Bill Gates lives. Drive around the countryside until you have no clue of your whereabouts, then knock on a random door and ask “does Bill Gates live here?” Explain to the occupant that they must go out and do the same.
Pause taxes on online orders since most brick and mortar stores are closed.
Extraterrestrials created and released this coronavirus to slow down our destruction of the environment.
The government should ban smartphone cameras. Then the unmarked police will put their name tags back on.
The Great Reddit Orgy
Autonomous sex dolls
A movie where the scenes don't happen in chronological order
Group Twitter screenshots by the color of the background rather than the color of the author. Replace WhitePeopleTwitter and BlackPeopleTwitter with LightModeTwitter and DarkModeTwitter.
Columbia House and BMG should come out with 100 music downloads for a penny.
Hoverboards
A subreddit where when you type down a sentence, people will have to comment a comback regarding to your sentence
Let delivery drivers rate customers too.
Bars should have hireable wing(wo)men
Government creating a Youtube channel where all its citizens must subscribe to earn money
Electronic gun holsters that register every unholstering (GPS and time), and if an officer unholsters (other than at the range/HQ/etc) they need to write a report and bodycam footage is reviewed
A fountain/sculpture that looks like yourself taking a shower
A button on your smartphone keyboard and a keyboard shortcut on your computer that toggles whether or not the first letter of a highlighted word is capitalized. Double click to highlight, touch one button, and move on without having to delete and retype the first letter.
If you had time from everyone in the world what would you ask them to do?
Paint all the light bulbs in your house black, so when you switch the light on everything gets darker.
Before the usa civil war continues, usa becomes a direct democracy without representatives to cause wars on eachother
Thanos could have saved his race....Fix the economy!
A leap day (Feb 29) subreddit. Everyone can read it. Only people with accounts created on leap day can post, except on leap day when everyone can post.
If there is a universal race, all that really matters will then be knowledge and wealth
New reality tv show: Film crew surprises random couples in the maternity ward and gives Dad an on-the-spot paternity test. How great would that be?!
When voting for things, people who vote for one option have to fight everyone who voted for something else until there’s a clear victor.
Something to lean against while reading for an extended period of time without the detrimental effects of sitting
Piss off your balcony (if you live higher up in an apartment building) so your neighbors think it's raining
Declare one country (probably an island) the exclusive location of international travel during the pandemic. People and their loved ones from different countries can both travel to this central island, quarantine for 2 weeks, and then see each other. They then quarantine for 2 weeks before leaving.
Carefully dose a newborn infant with a constant IV of LSD for the first year or so of its life.
This lockdown killed my sense of humour
Talk with your mouth full
I pitched my idea in a letter to Bill Gates. Will update if he replies. (long text)
Children should make their schools unusable with stink bombs till the end of the year.
Subreddit to decide once and for all which side makes better memes. Republican or Democrat? See full post for details.
Put antihydrogen on the periodic table as element number -1, cuz it has -1 protons and -1 electrons and when it touches hydrogen, which has 1 proton and 1 electron, theres 0 protons and 0 electrons. Neutronium (1 or more neutrons packed tightly together such as in a neutron star) is element 0.
Shut down the /r/conspiracy sub. Give no explanation.
An annual toilet paper sale every March.
People that receive 95%+ NTA ratings are banned from posting on r/NTA
Want people to stay inside? Pay them!
Install a mouth in the middle of your intestine to become a human centipede internally
A sub Reddit for high people to ask random questions but the only people who can reply are people on study drugs
NEW LAW : human WILLINGLY... murders another human being....... Their ENTIRE lineage goes to jail ......Fuck it .....50 years.......eventually!???.....we would end murders and this FUCKERY .then I thought of how many Police,lawyers, paralegals,corrections officers, security guards would lose jobs
Punching bags
Dating show where you blindly pick a date based on their dog.
r/ObsoleteLifeProTips, for now-useless advice such as how to sneak down to the front at rock concerts.
Let Whitney Avalon play every Disney princess in future remakes.
Death Rate for Coronavirus is 6.66%
Back through the drive thru so that your passenger can order and pay.
A snapchat filter which recognizes a face in the darkness behind you when you use it at night.
rating subreddits...
Make college free, and just like elementary school
a trampoline made of a solid block of ice but drilled into the shape of a web of connected ice springs
We sanitize all the empty hotels so hospitals can use those rooms instead of having to build makeshift hospitals or wait for ships.
Simulation Video GAME in Real time
Make some parts of a room brighter than others, not cuz you prefer it that way but cuz you're cheap
Oops! All chicken skin
imagine a reddit post with 1 million upvotes
Make headphones for cell phones mandatory
An ahegao sticker for your toilet lid
A Tenet video game which saves your exact moves and plays them back to you when you invert yourself: the better you play at the start, the harder it is in the second half.
Crowdfund to delayed hire a million people to, after some specific person eventually dies, to each dance on their grave.
Let’s make cat beds that look exactly like laptops; it would be a win win situation since the cat can sleep in the place it always wanted to and the owner wouldn’t have to worry about Mr. Mittens typing “ppppppppppppppppppppppppppp578ppppppppp” in the search bar
There should be a reincarnation rehabilitation center, where criminals who have been so terrible that they became animals will be treated to make sure they know that crime is bad ,so that they die and become human.
A game like call of duty’s zombies mode, but instead of killing zombies, you have to kill klansmen.
Call COVID-19 the China virus, then when it blows over all affected countries bill China for all expenses that resulted from it
A porn video that begins with the porn actress saying the video is sponsored by RAID: Shadow Legends and reading off the sponsorship script and showing gameplay, all while getting fucked
A mechanism to kill 1 in a 1000 people randomly per hour. You would just become unconscious forever without any pain. And there would be a documentary on their life aired on TV for next one hour till the next person dies. People would start appreciating their lives a lot more.
A minimum IQ or some intelligence metric score to be able to post on social media.
Use crispr to encode the files for DOOM into your balls and then distribute copies of the game everywhere.
A Japanese Anime based at a middle school where only the smartest students get to live. Students with bad grades are executed. Drama ensues as they cram for midterms...
Rainbow salt so I can see how much I'm adding
Speed limit signs tell you how fast you can go relative to said speed limit sign
George Lucas makes a sequel to Spaceballs.
Those neighbors that brought their pet grizzly bears uninvited to my front yard pool must have been a dream
We have no evidence that dinosaurs weren't purple and green, nor that they didn't sing to kids about good manners and using imagination.
A UI friendly program to remote access and annotate a technology illiterate relative’s computer screen or phone
A website that collects all the bad things a company has done.
Somebody remake the stock exchanges and base it on blockchain or hashgraph technology.
COVID games, everyone that is quarantined for COVID gets on a survivor type virtual game for 2 weeks
Public spankings for small crimes.
Donating change for covid19
It would be wild if an actor who formerly played James Bond made a return to the franchise but as a Bond villain, starring opposite of a successor to the legacy.
A gene that enhances a microstructure in dogs fur.
When it is save to do so, celebrate all missed/cancelled holidays in one 24-hr period.
Create a religion called fakology, where you solely get together to uncover truths. The opposite of scientology.
Poachers should be allowed to hunt large game if they are completely naked and unarmed.
Find Maria Bartiromo Fox News Sponsors to Ensure That I Never Buy Their Product and Remove Myself from Those Services.
Police should have bodycams on at all times while on patrol. If they forget to turn on their bodycam while on patrol, a week suspension without pay. No more policework in the dark.
Re-name Confederate buildings, roads, counties conservative names like Constitution, Liberty, etc.
Internal and external social network for inmates as a means of rehabilitation.
We nuke everything except America.
Get rid of subjects like math and have subjects that are actually fucking practical that teach social skills, seduction in schools
The 'I've Been Bullied' Resort and Spa.
A rapper "stock market" where you can invest in certain rappers and if they blow up so does your stock of them and if they fall off your stock in them goes down
Have preventative care be not only free but pay into a medical credit account for each checkup, money that can be used if you do come down with something.
A takeaway competition. A cooking show for ppl that can't and won't cook, but are amazing at take-aways. They get a mission and have to use their knowledge on local restaurant to deliver the best dish.
A restraint where all the lobsters have little racist signs and clothing so you get to feel justified about which ones you choose to kill.
A browser based website archival tool that tracks every website you visit for a set amount of time, then automatically opens the URLs in a background web browser and saves the urls to a website like Archive.Org/.Is, that way, more websites can be saved almost effortlessly while we just go our way.
A subreddit where redditors in different countries insult/make fun at/bully other countries. They could also defend their own country
Instead of a Division 1 Tourney Brackets, this year we should pick State v. State Corona virus deaths because of incompetence. My pick to win is Florida.
Instead of worrying about a reunion for *Friends*, they should do reboots with different cultures, but keep the storylines the same. We can see how each culture would deal with the same issues.
Swap deepfakes of Daisy Ridley and Mark Hamill in their trilogies to see if the criticisms of misogyny or just bad writing are true
A music group called The Beachstie Boys, and they sing Beastie Boys lyrics to the style of The Beach Boys.
Criminals that steal should have everything they own sold at auction to pay victims, and from then on they have to keep receipts and documents for every subsequent possession to show that they obtained it legally. (
Choose your actions based on the words that describe them, instead of the words describing whatever your actions happen to be
A machine learning A.I webbrowser that filters out any bad / negative news, ads , Politics, from ever been visible while you surf the web. But definitely not porn
Keep the alphabet system, but start naming hurricanes after Pokémon.
Creating mobile game ads that show gameplay that doesn't occur in the actual game should be a criminal offense
remaining faithful to my husband
Crazy idea: sephardic girls with dark hair, big eyebrows and pale skin hmu
Make all Chick-Fill-A locations in the drive-thrus vaccination sites.
Brilliant idea.
(nsfw) A 360 degree wheel of sexual intercourse. Everyone is on their side (or vertical if you wanna build a sex ferris wheel) doing the person in front of them but getting reamed by the person behind them. The circle of life.
A fart themed restaurant where the waitresses fart on the food as its being served.
Start using "neven" as a contraction for "not even."
If your house is robbed, and you have a smart security system and speakers, play the Benny Hill theme when cops chase the robbers.
Band
A witty Netflix series about investment bankers where the audience get to play the markets in the show via an app.
Make dash cams on front and back mandatory on vehicles and legalize rear ending vehicles who wont move out of the way when you approach them and they are blocking the lane with no one in front of them.
Tell people that legendaries in "Pokemon Go" have a higher spawn rate in Area 51. Never underestimate the determination of gamers.
Someone should make a yt video titled "What if Pink Floyd would cover Pink Floyd" and play one of the Pink Floyd songs in styles of few other ones.
Everyone on Twitter should change their profile picture with a picture of Donald Trump
Smegnog.
Add "Not my cup of tea" button next to "score" when you rate something.
A Subreddit dedicated to posting a new recipe and shopping list everyday to mitigate that annoying moment where you and your spouse are trying to figure out what to make for dinner
Marvel &amp; DC should start co-producing movies in alternative universes like “Superman vs Thor” and eventually end in an all-out war movie
Create a pro-mask group called "Aunts for Masks" who hold "Aunty Mask Rallies" to draw attention away from the anti-mask rallies
Rapunzel from Disney’s “Tangled” would make a great addition to The Avengers
A Christmas swap challenge where a well off family swaps places with a poor family on Christmas morning opening the swapped family's gifts.
Every couple have a third-party friend. And are third party to other couples.
Every keyboard should include a "skip ad" button.
Next Year: President Fires Every Homeland Security Employee. Then, President Expands Funding, and Uses It to Unilaterally Force Expansion of Programs That Improve Human/Social Capital: Education, Health, Nutrition, Prosecution of Tax Evasion, Protection of Entitlements, etc.
How to Train Your Dragon but the dragons were plotting evil the whole time and everyone dies
Vaccines in McDonald's burgers. Boom- vaccinated
If the Avengers would've hidden all the Infinity stones in a box of Skittles chocolate and kept it on a rack in a supermarket, Thanos would've never been able to find all of them and wipe out 50 percent of life.
Give Tommy Wiseau millions of dollars to overdub every Hollywood film for the fun of it. "I'm Tony Stark, I need to invent time travel. Oh! We can use a Morbius strip!"
A cartoon or even a live action series of Calvin and Hobbes.
Find animals that mate for life, like penguins or otters or something. Then you get a married couple and tie their tails to a grenade. One to the grenade and the other to the pin (rock paper scissors for who's who).
Bars and clubs should hand out Intention Stickers to patrons to once and for all solve the greatest unsolved mystery: “I’m here to dance”, “I’m here to drink”, “I’m here to get out and socialize”, “I’m here to get laid.”
An idea for a new anti-cyberbullying subreddit
Ask politicians to now publicly set their own future punishment for if they are caught lying and what kind of lie, like one guy might say of I'm caught lying about foreign policy I agree to write liar on my forehead on live stream and keep it there for a month.
Is this crazy enough?
Hand out chalk based spray paint at protests so clean up is simple with a little water.
Dodge ball burt u use medicen balls that weigh ten kgs
Raise eagles for meat
Incentivise Reddit users to vote on every post in their feed by removing the posts they’ve voted on
The next big fashion trend should be wearing jackets, hoodies, coats, etc. Inside out
Police body cameras that automatically begin recording any time they unholster their weapon.
Dung Strudel
Coronapocalypse
The next level
Valuation of a company/startup purely being a sum of their assets and debts. Net worth = Assets - Liability
Having more than two options for a presidential election.
Retail store employees get a maximum of 5 curses per day to use on the customers that annoy them the most
Start a pet shop next to a Chinese restaurant and indicate that any animals that don’t sell are sold next door, to drive up sales.
Make a device that measures the temperature of something you out inside it and keep it at that
Here's an idea.
We should make an app where every time somebody sees a cop they report their location
Someone needs to invent a microwave which scans the barcode of your food and cooks it the way it's supposed to cook
Start a global currency for international commerce and call it the Wiener.
Adrian Rascon - Perfect
Illegals should be given the option of either going back to their country or 4 years in our military so they can earn their benefits
Treat every Anti Vaxxer like a terrorist
LETS get the enemy to high to fight back in ww3
There should be a movement on Reddit in which every post and comment just bad the word “vote.” We do this the day before the election.
How can we help homeless people and homeless children world widely
They should put a gluten free advisory on all graphics cards
Bird capturing sport using drone, release them later.
Every building should have a fire pole for quick access to go down floors.
What if we all had some kind of social worker we visit like once a month?
A subreddit to prank scammers and other shitty people
Split Christmas into two holidays, one Christian (Nativity) and one secular (Santa Day).
A gameshow where blindfolded people have to tell apart mustard,wasabi and horse radish
Fix the Salton Sea
Rick and morty make a ww3, coronavirus, quarantine joke in this next half of the season.
A cruel and unusual form of torture where you starve someone, but feed them a cracker every 12 hours so that their insulin levels are always spiked and they always feel super hungry.
An app that lets you record a sample of the sounds in your environment and lists possible bug, bird, frog species etc around you.
If you were given 3 wishes and your first was to lose 3 wishes you would end up with -1 wishes and who knows what would happen to that genie
Instead of putting Small, Medium or Large for the sizes when ordering food, they should put the calorie count, or at least both
Every day, users are forced to step up and justify the existence of their subreddit.
Stop using the words Million, Billion, and Trillion instead of the zeros to ensure people understand the size.
Steam setting where you let Steam read your PC's specs, and it will recommend games that you are able to run at set FPS/resolution/graphics quality parameters.
The postal service should stop delivering the mail to or from any Republicans who are working to gut them.
I spent an hour trying to find something to turn on Netflix just to ignore what I picked while I was on my phone...
A monthly subscription box that contains an entire case file for a random unsolved murder. If you solve it, your next month is free.
Spotify (or other services) should create playlists based on your own music at special events (New Years Eve e.g.).
Vibrating tampons
There should be a different, separate type of martial art for men to use when fighting a woman in case of self defense.
The gender clinic idea
A combination sidewalk salt // grass fertilizer that doesn't kill grass but makes it stronger and greener.
Pick a random, regular, ordinary person to be the Vice President.
An animated Disney cyberpunk film loosely connected to the TRON franchise.
All ballots must have a "none of the above" option. If that option wins, a new race must be held with different candidates.
An app that lets you go back and listen to voicemail messages you left for someone else
Instead of simply tearing down Confederate statues, how about we replace each and every one of them with a statue of a southerner who joined the Union army?
All traffic/speed enforcement is defunded in favor of one guy whose job is to go on Waze and set up randomly located fake speed traps to fool us into slowing down.
Allow insurance companies to monitor your driving habits with A.I. through the new cameras on cars to give tips and safety advice. This could also give the customer a discount.
Whenever someone receives an award — gold, silver, etc. — for their post or comment, they should have the option to pass that award to another comment. Sort of like paying it forward!
More mathematically simple daily time: 10 hours per day, 100 minutes per hour, and 100 "seconds" per minute. The new "seconds" would be about 1.2 seconds long.
Comic Sans font on headstones
Bernie Sanders campaign changing their slogan to 'Make America Great Again'
Hollywood should make a action/war movie about the camoflauge federal agents snatchin up Portland rioters
Batman vs Spiderman
One guy in YouTube made a genetically modified virus that cures lactose intolerance so we should make a new virus that can cure alcohol intolerance so we can give it to the Asian countries to make them able to drink and that way to kill the Coronavirus.
Wireless charging pad built into a laptop
protest double lettters by writing triple lettters instead
My Crazy Experiment
Basically just a shit ton of geese
Insurance companies should have to give stocks to their policy holders for investing in their company
Police
Consoles: Owning disc and digital.
Buy a laptop in the 30-40k range (HP VS Dell VS Lenovo) 2021
Make a popup happen confirming you read the article or post on Reddit before you're allowed to upvote or downvote like Twitter is doing now for articles
Why can you get3£AirPods
A drug that lowers your internal temperature so you feel really cold and it’ll help you sleep
An imaginary friend with outstanding credit who can co-sign for that vehicle or house you're trying to get.
A celebrity roast of Seth MacFarlane
Veterinarians that treat dogs exclusively should be called dogters
Because of climate change, if sea levels start to get really crazy, maybe try alleviating the sea levels by filling all the canyons around the Grand Canyon area to act as a water ‘retention pond’
Make a web community attracting awkward teenagers and young adults (say for stuff like anime or the like), befriend them and then slowly mentally torture them until they commit suicide.
Magic mushrooms are the translators from plants to humans.
A new "word" to replace lol when you are just blowing air out of your nose slightly faster than usual.
Build a trigger into social media platforms where when a post approaches a viral level it is analyzed by a transparent guideline for credibility and limited if not credible.
Spaghetti Already: Spaghetti On the Move
Walk up to 5 random people today and say "She knows and you have to stop" then just walk away
Rather than constantly complain about reposts, spend less time online
you cant charge a separate shipping price unless you allow competing shipping such as paying uber to go get it. and processing and handling is a normal part of near everything so stop making up bullshit charges. 1 product. price is 1 number.
Buy An Oldies Radio Station And Have The DJs Act Like It's 1945communist could work if robots took over most of the jobs
Reroute all disinfectant supplies to a single distributor, to make it easier for public access.
uber crowdsurf - instead of cars, a crowd of people carries you
You Can Just Eat A Pear And No One Can Stop You.
What if we had sauce that was crunchy?
The Main Problem Of Most People Is Lack Of Paper Money But The Real Problem Of Humanity Is Lack Of Freedom Mindset
Scientists and researchers from around the globe work on a cure for the most prolific cancers with the same urgency and collaboration they had for the COVID vaccine.
The prison sentences for hurting/killing intelligent pets (dogs, cats, etc, not really fish) should be the same if not more than it is for hurting/killing people.
People should be able to elect where their tax money goes
There should be major studies/study groups where groups watch a political debate between politicians of all sides and backgrounds but are not allowed to see which side they represent to see how much a letter changes peoples' bias.
Sell just the powdered sauce packets that come in the cheap boxes of Mac'n'Cheese.
Make a parody series of the Mandalorian but instead of baby yoda its baby Danny Devito that looks like a shrunken Danny Devito.
Imagine if they aded sex into fortnite. I would have it all the time on there like I do in real life.
We star referring to China as "The 2.7 Billion Acre Wood."
Open world game where everything around you are the worst case scenarios (and worse) of the year so far.
Instead of making new songs sound like the 80s or 90s, try mordernizing a new song.
Adding the ability for a sub to allow comments up stream in the thread.
Start breeding Chihuahuas back into wolves. Once you have successfully created the most vicious and vindictive creatures on the planet, reveal your plans to make Liam Neeson square off against your shivering hellhounds in your new summer blockbuster "The Grey II: Revenge of the Sequel".
The media is getting targeted by human employees of the government (Police) in order to not let the story get out on how the humans are being treated, by the other humans. And we don’t think Aliens are orchestrating this?
If we all started saying “I have to go take a trump” instead of “I have to take a dump” we would absolutely ruin Trumps image and business, it would be the ultimate blow to his ego and make all of his accomplishments count for nothing.
On April 1st youtube should change all of the ads into rick rolls.
With modern smart TV's the option of blurring distressing images like medical procedures should be optional. Like a parent lock on TV's now there should be a Blur or no Blur option.
Install bumper pool rails along the length of the Suez Canal so if the ships pilot is shit, the ship will just riccochet from one end to the other.
Invest in a cart, a bell, and a sign that says "bring out your dead".
that that ha he hair on a that like which witch have
You can change your name on reddit
Train an AI to convert brain signals to body movement, and create a virtual reality game with no controllers.
Posting to multiple subreddits as a single common thread
What would be different if we all had 4 arms?
Change the name of America to "United States of America"
Instead of sending military recruiters into schools, why not send in job recruiters?
They should make Astronomia the background music for ncov2019.live
Get rid of the cyclical week, start each year at day 365 and count down to 0. No more "next Tuesday"; I'll see you on day 207.
Trump made it clear rules can be ignored. Obama for president 2020.
We pick one day to report as spam every ad on reddit.Emoji fonts
A TV series that makes professional Chefs prepare gourmet dishes from their campsites.
Bernie should quit politics to start his own Mitten company called "Bernie's Handers"
Every movie ends with the main character waking up in their bed saying “Wow what a strange dream”
A nomadic city that floats atop the ocean and follows its currents
to save the orangutans, we start training them to serve as housekeepers and butlers
Prisoners should be allowed to fight for their freedom.
Shock pillows, for when you don't want to get out of bed
Joe Biden gonna turn the White House into the Crack House.
Replace Alex Trebek with Alexa
Farting Competition
Making a list of all common name spelling in each country so parents can’t screw up spelling to make a name unique
Breaking the Transatlantic boat record by attaching two Pratt and Whitney J58s to a drag boat hull
A device worn like a mouthguard filled with harmless colored liquid that is agitated by air, to showcase to children the affects of sneezing or coughing uncovered in real time
A kind of hula hoop that is compulsory to wear whenever you're outside, that has a radius of 2 metres, to ensure that correct social distancing measures are enforced at all times
A cough sound as your ringtone?
Now would be a great time for an antivaxx mass rally.
The government should rather print more bills and give the needy which would cost them much lesser. After all money was manmade
No more vice president. That role is replaced with the closest living heir to the Roosevelt dynasty, traced from FDR.
Since all porn acting is awful have actual actors star in porn
We need a website that has scientifically proven explanations to counter the fake news that gullible parents believe to make our lives harder.
Turn every stretch of available land into a mega server that hosts a simulation of our world in a VR game.
I'm thinking of going on a quest to make thousands of memes, the ultimate goal to use every format ever made. In order for the meme to succeed it must get 1k+ upvotes.
use large groups of people to pedal turbines manually.
US taxpayers should stop funding the federal government over Trump's response to and lack of leadership during the coronavirus pandemic
Give paid sick leave to all workers. For employees of a grocery store, again, give them paid sick leave and offer 3 employees 20/hour to operate a drive thru grocery store service. People order from an app(no cash accepted), employees bring your groceries to the window or door, you pack.
A voluntary and paid eugenics program.
The Real World - Hollywood
Name a military base after Obama so all the barracks can be called Barrack Obamas
Once we figure out how we turn sensory information into experiences, our perception of the world is going to drastically change
Covfefe -&gt; Cov Fe Fe -&gt; Covid Iron Iron -&gt; Iron is 26th element -&gt; 26 * 26 = 676 -&gt; 6 + 7 + 6 = you guessed it, 19. Covfefe = Covid19.
Start a company that sells a framed case of all the lowest currency coin from around the world.
Everyone involved in the production, promotion, sale or distribution of the 2014 film "Left Behind" should offer a public apology
Egypt should build another piramid using ancient methods so people would stop saying they were made by aliens
make ppl wear ads on their face for government propaganda
Internet-connected card shufflers, so you can play remote games with your friends, and everybody's cards will be in the exact same order.
Drive by shootings with T-Shirt cannons
Hooters should hire male servers... only if they have man-boobs.
Go back in time to when Baby Boomers were children and use the phrase "OK Boomer" on them
A new type of restaurants
A non-profit radio station that only plays royalty free music from Kevin MacLeod, YouTube Audio Library, Frequency etc. and no commercials.An inverse hot dog: a giant sausage split lengthwise, with a breadstick inside
Create an average of faces from all the people receiving pardons and see how white you have to be
instead of saying "we dont deliver to your area", like 10 miles away from the restaurant, they should offer to pay someone else to do it for more money.
What if we put the upvote button in the center so it wouldn’t matter what thumb you use?
What if school districts ban books because they know the controversy will make kids want to read?
USPS should suspend all mailing fees if shipping essential items like masks, hand sanitizer or disinfectants to make it easier to distribute supplies where needed.
10% off for wearing BLM at store
Abolish the U.S. House of Represntatives, and replace it with a system where state representatives vote on behalf of their state.
White chocolate but in the shape of Swiss cheese slices
A number for texting video/picture evidence for any motor vehicles that have 'bald tires' (no traction=bad). An agency will then respond accordingly within the confines of the law. Drivers who don't comply may lose their driving privileges by means of having their licenses suspended or revoked, yo
Eco-Friendly
We should have a holiday called Space Day, where lights are shut off for an hour to reduce light pollution, so we can see the galaxy
Rather than lasting a lifetime, marriages should be set up on a 5 year renewal cycle. Every 5 years you can decide to opt out and walk away clean, or renew and throw another party with all your friends and family.
Instead of cancelling E3 this year because of Covid-19, Twitch should host it online through their website.
A sound proof suit inspired by chemical/hazmat suits where you can practice singing as loud as you want without fear of disturbing others around you. Not only does it help you fix the problem of finding a spot to pracrice singing— it also protects you from the corona.!
There should be ocean based colonies that also double as recycling factories.
The Rock, Will Smith, Denzel Washington and Mathew McConaughey would make a dope ass cast for a movie
What if there were presidents for both the Democrats and the Republicans, but Democrats have to vote for the Republican’s president and vice versa?
Joke sauce packs that are either unopenable or explode with the slightest touch.
Have a vote, for every 18 - 25 year old in the usa over if they want draft of not, everyone who votes yes gets drafted.
Pokemon go, but it's actually tinder.
Get rid of elections and instead whoever owns the most paperclips is president
If big subreddits held karma lotteries and received the jackpot by taxing users, the winning user would likely be at the top of Reddit for the rest of this site’s history.
“Mining” the Sun of its mass and using that mass to synthesize any chemical elements/isotopes, from there construct anything from the atomic level and upward.
Teach empathy in schools
Road Trip Narrative Generator (Hear me out)
Everyday.
Bring back arcades but with updated machines you can play literally any old 8 or 16 bit arcade game on.
A betting pool for when celebrities will be diagnosed with coronavirus
After the House impeaches Trump the Senate should convict him 1 second before Biden is inaugurated so Pence can’t pardon him.
A restaurant that serves only to Covid-positive people.
What if reddit age was time spent on redit rather than how long ago you account was made. Like an hour spent equals a day. Soo that we could differentiate between the fakes and the legends.
In karma calculation if a comment of a comment has the phrase 'thank you' it adds extra karma.
A red bulb in every bathroom for mid night bathroom run
Printing vending machines at local stores - instead of buying your own printer, use this vending machine.
BANKRUPT TRUMP HOTELS TURN ALL 10 TRUMP HOTELS AROUND THE WORLD INTO SUPER VERY CHEAP AFFORDABLE HOTELS.
Lifehack for the US electoral system
Adult Ben Ten watch
We should take bikini bottom and push it somewhere else.
A PSA on wearing masks in public areas. If you don't wear a mask, a group of Luchadores use your ass like a training dummy.
Keep the globe warming until hurricanes in the gulf are large enough to extinguish the fires on the pacific coast.
Being kind and considerate to one another just for the sake of being kind and considerate to one another.
There should be a app that lets you download however many gigabytes from wifi since wifi is unlimited and be able to use that data bank anywhere.
Huge fans to fight wind
A TV show where actual homeowners watch House Hunters and criticize the hunters.
Limit voting-rights to the poorest 50% to help equalize wealth-gaps.
The week after the Super Bowl the AFC and NFC teams with the worst record for the season should play to see who gets first round pick. Call it the Toilet Bowl.
Fly democratically-controlled drones. Drones that have multiple controllers held by multiple people, that only go in a certain direction if the majority of people push their joysticks the same way. Otherwise they just hover, stationary.
Make a world wide unwritten rule that any company caught using forced labor, the uyghur’s or others, we don’t buy their products any more.
Make a bot on /r/counting that sends you a notification if your post gets a certain number of upvotes. Randomize the number so it's different every time.
How to stop police brutality REAL fast
Each country should start a quarantine lottery, whoever stays in their house and doesn't break any of the rules, their name is put into a lottery draw and at the end of the pandemic, a winner is announced and wins $1million
A remake of 'The invisible man' with John Cena in the main role. No CGI needed.
We should set apart a region somewhere in the US for “experimental societies” to test new ideas for how to run society
A standard horror game in a haunted house, but at any time you can just walk out the front door like a sane person and the credits will roll.
A single-payer "medicare for all" bill could address covid-19 healthcare payment issues and act as a fiscal stimulus package all at once.
Taxes and interests should swap roles. Instead of paying people interest to hoard money in a bank account (economic inactivity) and taxing people on wages and purchases (economic activity) we should do the reverse.
To combat global warming, build a partial Dyson sphere around the sun and block a MINIMAL amount of rays from the sun, thus cooling Earth down.
A video game called 2020 where you have to survive the apocalypse every week.
A community driven repost system, that can delete posts.
a car with a separate shift lever for the left and right wheels
There should be a website where you can enter a license plate and a message, and the owner would be e-mailed feedback.
Make wearing clothes backwards a trend.
Someone should build a manual washing machine that hooks up to a variety of in-home fitness devices
How
The villainous plan: The collapse of the global economy with the help of the Nazis
An idea to get America Covid testing (if the ship hasn't sailed on this opportunity I'm referencing)
Find a way to stuff garlic bread with spaghetti.
Is there an app or something that tells you what to eat daily?
Online store websites- when you enter a gift card you should have the option for the first purchase to only get items within that cost
Give out "I voted!" masks at polling places.
If I create a Reddit safe I could store other redditors gold and silver in there for safe keeping. Deposit here☝️
a dating service that matches people by the aspects of themselves they want to change
Get a big building, like an airplane hanger, and put in a crane type device that can move around all over the building. Then give it an upwards pull of about 5 pounds less than what you weigh. Attach it to a harness you're wearing, and you can jump around like you are from a high gravity world.
Post the countries budget online and let people decide what they want their taxes to go towards. Once a specific categories budget is maxed out they have to chose a different category.
Tie Electoral College votes to the amount that the states' citizens pay in Federal Taxes. The states supporting the union more will get more say how their money is spent and billionaires in those states will be pressured to pay more.
TLC or Bravo should do a reality show that follows the filming of a reality show.
If we were made in the image of God, and God is in our hearts, then are our emotions (both positive and negative) reflections of God's emotions? What if God goes through the same struggle for improvement as we do, just on a WAY bigger scale?
If we just switch the role with our pets for a day ... I bet they will be very confused.
Mockumentary sitcom about the Greek gods
Replace speed limit signs with signs stating the speed limit in insane units that are technically correct
A centrifuge for ketchup bottles to spin them down at blistering speeds in order to maximize your ketchup yield.
for April Fools’ Day, the Paramount Network should partner with Fox to make an episode of Bar Rescue where Jon Taffer tries to fix Moe’s Tavern
Each presidential candidate picks a number between 1-1000, and everyone has to vote by submitting a number they think the other candidate picked. The one with the most votes the closest to their number loses.
Include baby pictures of the actors at the end of every adult video to make the people who just watched them feel horrible
Careers that don’t require technical knowledge but still ask for a degree should accept IQ tests.
End all streaming services, cable and satellite tv. Go back to only the 4 main TV Channels ABC CBS NBC FOX, thats it.
A music player that only lets you change the volume in multiples of 2 or 5.
A company that matches singles wanting to save on shared utilities like cell phones
A special access highway (like a toll road) with higher speed limits (for drivers who pass a more stringent driving test and receive an endorsement on their license. Requiring bi-annual vehicle safety inspection.
Since it's almost Easter, retailers should start hiding toilet paper and hand sanitizer around stores for an entertaining "egg hunt"
Sam's Club should really offer free membership to anyone named Sam
To mitigate the horror of vertical video, make all screens vertical, including laptops and TVs
A watch that shows how much nutrients and calories we've consumed that day and how much more the body needs.
A game show called "Truth or BEAR", where contestants are hooked up to a polygraph and are forced to answer uncomfortable questions about themselves. And if they lie they are mauled by a Kodiak bear
Every repost should be like retweets instead. That way, you'll be sent to the original post instead of the reporter's one.
Get Springsteen to re-pose for his Born in the USA album cover photo, but update it with a cloth face mask in his pocket and a bottle of germ gel in his left hand
Simplify the alphabet
Remake Sonic ‘06, but make it actually good this time around.
An interesting April Fools Idea that might come 2nd to r/place, Herding large groups of mixed redditors through themes that change after a few hours, awarding groups at the end of the event for active users per group, accurate potrayal, etc
Designer drug you can drink, insert, snort, inject, &amp; smoke all at the same time.
For the holidays or family events zoom/teams/Skype should have a virtual house for families to meet.. explanation in body..
Don KIng should host a boxing tournament where the winner gets to fight him.
A Stage Musical Adaptation of Monsters Inc called "Put That Thing Back Where It Came From or So Help Me"
Rap Song Collaboration: "Cult Clown Carter" by Jim Jones and Tech N9ne
If your entire life were to flash before your eyes when dying, you would be stuck in an endless loop.
Build smoke detectors into ovens so that it can alert you before your food is too burnt.
Rename "The United Nations" to "The United Nations except Taiwan" until Taiwan is admitted
Bitcoin Strippers
A blockbuster action film where the characters actually take time to use the bathroom, drink water, etc.
What’s the Universe in?
If you collect unemployment $$ from the state, the state should assign paperwork processing to you to work on. It would give value to the money distribution, give the unemployed person something to do while they job shop, and paperwork would get processed faster.
Completely social distance from your newborn baby, staying six feet away at all times by utilizing a system of long poles with scrubbing brushes, long tubes for milk etc. to feed and clean your child. Do this even if we find a foolproof covid vaccine.
Get a group of food critics to eat poisonous foods (with antidotes/medics handy) so they can tell the rest of us what they taste like.
Swap the legal age of drinking alcohol with the age for getting a drivers license
We all have it. We are just not getting tested.
A game where characters cannot jump down high cliffs, run into walls etc - but when they get drugged or crazy otherwise, these actions are possible.
We should retroactively cremate Abraham Lincoln
KFC should offer to pay to remove confederate statues.
Genetically engineer nocturnal ants then let them live in our houses to clean up our crumbs.
Design a browser that doesn't skip up and down when loading a page. Just stay static while loading so a person doesn't mis-click on something because the page moved.
Prove that the rioters that attacked Rittenhouse had any Covid in their system so the deaths are listed as "Covid-19 related"
Maybe we can compress unwanted plastics into blocks to make walls and then turn the walls into plastic sculptures or buildings!
Go on YouTube and comment “Who’s watching in 2020?” on New Year’s Eve
Raisin Bran with 50 scoops of raisins
Facebook should have a controversial comments filter like Reddit does.
Vehicles come equipped with “Police stop recording mode” to end a lot of bullshit. Mandatory so cost isn’t an issue.
1:1 Citizen swap, American leftists for Hong Kong freedom fighters
Mention the quantity of each ingredient in a recipe in the actual directions so I don’t have to keep scrolling between the directions and the ingredients list.
Tax breaks and other monetary incentives for those who do NOT have children as a voluntary method of population control.
Gmail confirming with you before you send an email, “Are you sure you want to reply all, and not just reply?”
A 3 second ad that shows only core things quickly. People will think it's better because it's short, and you can still advertise core elements.
Stock stimulation
Every single movie set in a prison to be directed by Frank Darabont. He gave us The Green Mile and The Shawshank Redemption. He is the master of prison films.
Let’s run fiber optic line across the country as part of the impending stimulus.
A demon lord named Jessica Smith. When asked, they answer "Well my parents didn't think i would turn like that."
Hitting Zoom Classes During The Covid-19 Pandemic
Give the American people cheap Hazmat-esque suits so they can live their normal lives
A site that simulates all ideas or top 10 ideas mentioned on crazy ideas?
I feel sorry for future archeologists, because they won't get to do much research about us, since we document everything. Let's start hiding some confusing and funny clues and never talk about it, so they will have some mysterys to get behind.
A bible with a flask inside. Inside the flask is a smaller bible. Inside that bible is a teeny tiny saloon with itty bitty cowboys.
Set up a non profit charity that hates Fred Durell.
Hear me out.... The Joker
Nose sock. My nose is freezing, why isnt there a sock I can put on it?
I joined a blessing loom with $100 so you don’t have to
Make cemeteries great agn
Attention New Mothers... Are your breasts sore from feeding your baby with your... breasts? Well fear not, for my new miracle ointment Tit-Ease™️ is here!
All the state animals should fight each other
Every child born from now must be given a unique first name.
When dealing with someone in your life who is complicit in racism or covid denial , you should ask them if they read about it on JSTOR because--surprise--they won't know that is.
Battle royal type game with 2b2t rules.
Instead of only being able to give awards, make an option for people to donate the cash equivalent of an award
It is now a traffic violation to be on the road at all. Police can pull you over and give you a ticket at any time.
Fight cancer by infecting it with COVID-19
A car wash button. When you press it, it makes sure your windows are closed, your automatic wipers are off, and your proximity sensors are temporarily suspended.
Charge $1,200 for the COVID vaccine
I want a backwards hat on my ID to let the police know that if I get taken hostage it's ok to snipe the person taking me hostage.
Make taxes a prize for being rich
What if a test drive wasn't just for a buyer to decide if they liked the car, what if it also meant the dealership was testing the buyer on their suitability to drive the car?
what do you think about death?
I can't explain the science behind it, but I call it "Urine Enabler"
Make this quarantine a yearly event.
Fortune cookies should have a very low chance of having a vague threat instead of a fortune.
A setting on Reddit that allows you to sort by only text posts/ image posts etc.
Gen Z jeopardy is going to be wild. You're gonna have dialogue like: "I'll take love and longing for 500 Kayleigh" "Four panels and a series of lines to represent grief" "What is loss?" And no one is gonna bat an eye
Reddit Brown/Poppie
Let’s gather all extremists on both sides and send them to a island to battle Royale
Once the pandemic is over, strap those masks on to your junks and save yourself from buying undies for the next 10 years.
reverse stripping - the more they throw the quicker I get dressed. It works out because I need the pockets for the money
A test button on Reddit to check if your post has already been submitted, instead of the recurring disappointment from that mods' notification
Admins permanently ban the mods of r/showerthoughts, because they are not an original thought.
Federal stimulus checks that could only be used to make Wall Street bets.
A Worldwide Boycott against McDonalds; Eventually they go out of business and we will reduce global obesity.
Wireless Qi charging receivers/transmitters for phones
The first physicist who creates dark matter should tweet "Black Matter Lives"
Stained glass window film you arrange yourself
Ban all guns, replace them with katanas, broadswords, etc.
All the country's should be on full lockdown
Car functions that allows them to have a personal sense of identity, &amp; have the ability to communicate with other unique cars allowing social lives.
Promote raising income equality and social mobility in the United States, but brand it as "bringing back the American dream" so even people who would normally oppose that support it.
We could save cheetah by gmoing them faster without needing to expand they're habitat.
Americans should add a second Republican to the presidential ballot this year
Developing shoes with space for your wallets/keys in the sole with a (waterproof) zipper on the side to open it. Like: what does a robber want to do? Crawl on the ground?
Children to grow in low gravity Mars and become super thin. Their children evolve to look like kamino characters (Star Wars).
Paul Rudd gets cast as the bad guy
Take a PPP loan for your corporation that doesn’t need it, then return it for free PR
Penalty Box for Politicians, with a Twist
A Reddit filter that bans using emojis in titles 🙊
Folders in our Reddit profiles to save posts to instead of all being clumped into the Saved folder
If you wanna buy fireworks for the 4th of July, you must show proof of voter registration.
A zombie video game that allows you to pre-program the game with the layout of your real life house so you can test how easy/difficult it would be to defend your place during a zombie apocalypse.
Santa Clause Space Aliens Frankenstein Time Machines! Space Aliens Ghost Busters Time Machines! The Space Aliens Outer Limits Twilight Zones Time Machines; Reruns!
How about instead of bullets, cops use ammo with the equivalent of a snake bite? There could be differing levels of toxicity for each bullet using various snakes to create painful, paralyzing, or lethal reactions on a threat.
With political ads starting to air, immediately disqualify a politician from the office they are running for, if he or she lied in their commercial.
A Website to review what information you missed in your game/movie/show without spoiling anything beyond where you have played/watched.
Have the government make the covid vaccine available on the SilkRoad and other deepweb market places.
Uber and Lyft should really add an option where you can notify your driver that you just want to listen to music without any conversations.
Operation pothole
What if we created a portal to an alternate universe to bring back pewdiepie
Get Africa to make a pop single to help USA against obesity
Force all airplane passengers to pass a Coronavirus test before being issued a boarding pass
Masturbation booths. Include built-in fleshlights in the walls, vibrating wands the chair, and a dispenser for condoms and disenfectant wipes.
New show character - Peter Pandemic , teaches about pandemics
Isolate this red algae that grows on a specific tree species, science it into a brush-on paste, apply it to saplings, end up with fully red trees at maturity.
Bob Barker doesn't demand your pet be spayed or neutered for altruistic reasons, oh know, he does so for sadistic ones.
A youtuber who commits weekly crimes but is yet to get caught because he is always on the move
Stores allow hoarders to return toilet paper with a hiked restocking fee (somewhere between 30% - 50%)
A Super Mario and cooking mama spinoff which you can cook Italian food.
A Tomb Raider game where Lara is hounded by corrupt, shadowy police, only for the big reveal to be that they're regular police pursuing her for theft and smuggling of artifacts, destruction of archaeological sites, and poaching of endangered species
This Is The Only Way To Have A Civil Debate
Magnetic soup: when you put your spoon inside, you can't lift it back out
Egypt Should Annex Canada
A dark, adult-rated Ducktales game in the style of the modern Tomb Raider series
Clothes sizes in millimeters instead of this nonstandard bull where 2 shoes of the "same size" can actually be very different number of millimeters wide, long, etc. Dont know how to measure? Hire a scientist.
Along with issuing fines for driving infractions, police should also issue tickets rewarding good drivers.
Waterproof paper
Portland protesters should set up trip wire and other booby traps all over protesting areas resulting in law enforcement hurting themselves in incredibly comedic entertaining ways.
Every business that was responsible and closed down during Covid should be heavily patroned.
A bot that sends a PM to everyone subscribed to r/the_donald or r/politics with just a message that says "lol" depending on who wins the election in November.
Re Dub Terminator Movie
A subreddit about politics except everyone has moderator privileges.
Consistent live updates on all other flu and cold deaths to either verify or falsify that we're more likely to die from those than this coronavirus
Anonymous medical surveys on Reddit
Martian-mallows
A smoke detector that screams instead of beeping.
Call
There should be a Pulp Fiction remake but Vincent Vega is played by Danny DeVito
Crazy idea: put chilli in hand sanitizer so people learn just how often they touch their mucous membranes, or, as I call them, virus holes.
Elections where you can either upvote, downvote or leave blank each candidate, instead of the current election system.
All sporting leagues (NBA, Premier League, F1, etc) should do a roll over season similar to the lottery. All points are doubled as well as the prize money.
A game called poopy face
Gaming companies should advertise on porn sites.
Personal Porn Catalog - I need a programmer
You dont need all that toilet paper if your shower is in the same room...
Reddit should give every user one “nuke vote” worth 10-20 (100 maybe?) up or downvotes a month for that post or comment that really deserves it
change usa immigration tests to allow in less sheeple and more people who dont take shit from the government such as the possibility of attempted forcing things into your body
Since grocery stores are unwilling to implement hazard pay for their employees, customer's should be provided with the option to tip cashiers to show their appreciation for essential service workers.
A gameshow with millionaires as contestants
Corona Virus is fabricated to get Hong Kong protestors off the streets.
Do caterpillars know they are gonna be butterfly or they just get a suprise?
Option to limit notifications to once per 5-10 minutes
A monthly theater event where the cinema features movies from local film makers.
I'm going to make some masks that say: I have asthma. I am exempt from wearing a mask.
Corporate bailouts, but the CEO of the company has to allow every tax paying citizen to spit in their face for the money.
instead of commenting NTA or YTA on r/aita, give a rating from 1 to 10 based on how believable the story is
Hermione and Ron gets divorced and Hermione gets together with Malfoy and Ron with Luna Lovegood
MTV cribs style videos from celebs
White people should (ironically) start to use the word "cracker" the same way black people use the n word
Move the brain of a jelly fish into a human and see if they mindlessly wonder around the planet or if they drop limp
AAA Video Game where all the resources go into character creation and there's no actual video game
Giant street vacuums that can pick up litter after the street cleaners are done
Russia wants to load the US with bullshit? Let's all jump on their social media platforms
Legal indulgences. Allow people to pay for things like parking tickets and fines for public urination in advance.
We should probably get to species cleansing. Less animals means less methane.
What if Trump is really a Democratic operative and his plan is to take down the GOP by showing how crazy and deranged they are?
If everyone in the world got together in a movement to POLICE OUR WORDS TO THE MAX so no one ever feels hurt!
Reverse Scalping with benefits, Buy out all the stock of an item, then sell it at a 40% discount, but require the purchaser to dance to bad music
Instead of canceling celebrities we make them fight to death in the cancel hunger games
Reddit should have a dating app where people match based on the subreddits they're subscribed to.
Start a conspiracy on Parler that it's being run by a secret organization of black gay socialists.
To combat world hunger, someone should develop a living creature consisting of flesh only that is unable to feel pain. When we take a bite out of that being, it quickly regenerates itself. Put a few of those beings in every village and boom. World hunger gone.
Home garage rental service for college students who need a place to work on cars. MyGarageRental
What if all couples were psychologically tested before having children?
Instead of redistibutive taxation, we should just let companies do whatever the fuck they want but on New Years Eve we guillotine the 1% and redistribute their wealth.
Have an Affordable Care Act to ensure people have medical access during pandemics.
Here's a crazy idea. Let's not wear masks during a pandemic. Here's a sane idea. Trump should be sent to prison. Please sign and share this petition. Thank you.
A tax incentive for companies to encourage them to hire remote workers.
If we didn't know when or where first fallout takes place then you can make the assumption that is in the area around the Australian omnium since it is Radioactive
Change the toilet bowl dimensional standards to be at least 2 feet deeper so that piss water doesnt kiss our asscheeks.
Name your business A Group Of Employees Who Want To Be Sexually Harassed so if it happens they cant claim they didnt want itvote for the Grand Nagus to show your support for greed in politics
A treaty between all world powers that we only send 70+ year olds to war.
Medical workers who sterilize gear using UVC light will compromise the polypropylene fibers, rendering gear unusable after repeated sterilizations
Require stores that are advertising a big sale (e.g up to 90% off!) to have at least 20% of their stock at that highest discount to stop a few items raising the discount amount.
Keep the upvotes and downvotes amount hidden until you choose your option.
If we got twins to throw balls to each other at the same time and if the balls bounce off of each other mid-air and we recorded it from a sideview it would look like someone throwing a ball to a mirror and it bouncing back to them.
someone create a school like this right now
re-release the book "Fahrenheit 451" as "Celsius 242"
The "Tub bubble", a object that holds your phone in your 'gloved' hand while in water
Release a deadly airborne virus then sell air to everyone in tanks so they can breathe
The US government used the Monica Lewinsky “scandal” to distract Americans from the CIA selling crack in LA during the “”War Against Drugs”” and didn’t learn better, they learned how to do it better. (Stories broke at the same time, sorry just watched Kill the Messenger on Netflix)
make all ads a bit quieter.
Sort Walmart alphabetically.
Mind controled prosthesis
Adjust the voting power of an individual based on their probability of death
When the virus finally goes away let's all not throw away our masks like a bunch of stupid atoms and store them in our houses or dispose them off safety so they can be recycled.
Pour all historical brilliant philosophers and great leader their ideas into a machine learning algorithm
Write a play featuring a character called Chekhov. In the opening scene he talks about his gun. The gun is never mentioned or seen in the play again.
What if the government originally created the flat earth society to make the idea seem so absurd that no one would believe that the earth is flat? Unfortunately it backfired and now an increasing number of people believe the earth is flat.
if you have a password on your phone that your parents only know,(keep in mind they have to not know what it is) you can screen record it bcs when someone types a letter, it pops up above there finger so just slow down the vid to find out the password
Homophobia conversion camps.
Court should have a water slide to slide down when going to the stand.
Controlled "Exhilaration".
A sex toy you shape and mold yourself called a DilDough
An application that previews and simulates your cooking plan before you start cooking
Ahegao durag
Instead of donating to organizations that focus on recovery people should donate to organizations that focus on prevention.
Make it illegal for companies to request cover letters alongside your resume.
Take down the statues, all of them. Anything bigger than a bust gets toppled.
Zombie movie where the zombies are good guys through the entire film and try to protect our human protagonists.
Condom for the balls that stops the sperm from traveling to the Johnson
A Karen that uses sign language
Replace all confederate monuments and statues with Native Americans
Jenga, but using pistols
A zombie story where autistic people are resistant to the virus.
Censorship is buffoonery
Can we start labeling monetary value as the tax-adjusted number?
Monsters Inc remade by actual horror artists.
A Use For Warp Drives - Reposting My Own Post
A House MD Episode Where They Have To Deal With A Chestburster
Make a bot that upvotes all posts across the entirety of Reddit.
It only took 2 generations of defunding education for us to be so stupid that depopulation goals could be reached by telling people what to do in a pandemic and watch them figure out why to do the opposite.
Major League Baseball could be played with masks and social distancing
Rave Yoga. A place for adults to do yoga for an hour by request, no walk ins, just lazers, strobe lights and low beat techno music. Doing wuiet relaxing yoga in a safe place while being educational.
Breaking into vacant houses and spraying each surface with concentrated urine to permanently make it smell and make it unlivable
Hijacking this sub to create a think tank incubator
create a huge problem. pay a huge fine. then sell a solution to the problem for more than the fine cost.
Peanut butter in a squeeze tube,like toothpaste.
Religion
Every college you apply to accepts you, but instead of rejecting people they charge you a higher price to get in. The more they want you, the less they charge. If they really hate you, it costs you 1 trillion dollars to get in. But theres always some price, never a rejection.
Hand American Protesters Megaphones and have them Read the "I Have a Dream" Speech to Scare Away the Bad Guys.
JEFFREY EPSTEIN!
Make toilet paper limit one package per customer so everyone can wipe their ass.
A vegan butcher shop
St. Elmo’s Fire sequel
Mousepad pants
People who grow 10 or less cannabis plants should be able to sell at reduced taxes.
All major criminals should be thrown on an island and fend for themselves. Pump all the jail maintenance costs for non-criminal mental health, counseling therapy, and social programs and facilities for citizens. Too many depressed, lonely and sad ppl.
We should name hurricanes after random billionaires and whoever it is should have to pay for all the damage.
Jack Dorsey should donate all of the revenue Twitter makes on Trump's tweets to Black Lives Matter
Any law that is written above an 8th-grade reading level and not easily accessible for free online or in a public library is unenforceable.
Journalists should be licensed. Like lawyers with the bar.
To infringe is to be firmly within the law
How to get rich quick 💰
A boxing tournament between famous celebrities called “brawlywood”
We should have a dedicated subreddit about the before-fore times to remember what life was like.
Make a sequel to 'Don't fuck with cats' about how bad the cats movie was and how it harmed actual cats by existing.
Crunchyroll should have a "Fansub Mode" whenever you watch an anime with subtitles. (ex: colored dialogues that correspond with different characters, explaining difficult Japanese words to Western audiences, and following along the opening theme song/end credit lyrics)
There should be a crossover between Gilmore Girls and Resident Evil called S.T.A.R.S. Hollow.
Make a murder mystery movie with porn actors in all roles.
Stop making DVDs/Blue Ray for production &amp; sell them online. AND when you do, discount the production and manufacturing costs you greedy terds. $7 for The Joker on Amazon
Change r/funny to r/humorous
Since we've all been drinking and doing drugs at home, we should throw massive sober parties when lockdown ends
Reddit form of Google Classroom
If ramen noodles changed the shape of their spice packets to match that of typical condoms. Some instances of hilarity would be inevitable.
New blind dating app called blindr
Start using crematoriums burning of bodies as fuel to generate power, in the same way as a coal power plant
Every president should have a 48 hours life coverage through out their tenure.
Aussie National Service
A game similar to Pandemic where you're the leader of a suicide cult, the object being to beat Jim Jones high score.
Have the Oxford English Dictionary define "heinous" as "an abbreviation of 'hateful anus'," since the definition fits anyway and nobody will notice.
Cookmymeal - An app to find and hire freelance cooks
An app like Tinder, but instead of looking for relationships, you look for musicians to join your band.
We should put an "s" at the beginning instead of at the end when pluralizing sword.
idea: GIVE DR. BRIGHT HIS CHAINSAW CANNON BACK
A website that elects certain products that the community deems too expensive. They vote whether or not to boycott the product in hopes to lower the cost.
A dating app where guys just make a profile and forget about it, but girls do the swiping. If you get messaged, you're good. If you don't, you don't have to keep swiping every day.
For April fools give your friend addicted to cocaine a line of dandruff
There should be a category on pornhub entirely dedicated to facemask porn.
A patty maker that keeps the animal alive
Instead of $1000 cash a month for UBI. What if everyone got the equivalent of $1000 is stocks a month.
There should be a database of all those people who are refusing to wear masks. Giving them the least priority in terms of COVID-19 treatment and vaccination.
Take pictures of people over buying tp and other supplies, what they are buying not them, take pics of their license plates. Follow them home take pictures of their houses. Sell the information when the shit really hits the fan.
Make a film but don't release it. A year later, make roughly the same film with the same actors and release it immediately. 20 years later, release the original and call it a re-make.
"Legacy of the Internet" - a special category in YouTube. To get it, video must be old, well-known and have lots of views. It's also hand-picked by team of curators or by voting/petition. When you get it, your video will be impossible to delete.
To avenge Epstein’s atrocities: Every underage prostitute should be infected with SARS-CoV2. They’ll be asymptotic but their lecherous abusers will likely be in the hospital or die. It may limit abuse too.
Bring back independent joke shops to the high street as people could do with a laugh
US elections should be voted on by policy and not by party or candidate.
Covid irresponsible spreaders will become testers for any experiment on human.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia where the Trailer Park Boys visit America and stumble into Paddy's Pub
A reality show titled "The Day Before", where producers use an actual time machine to go back to the day before historical battles/ events with modern technology to brief and assist the losing side.
Amazon could put their warehouses in old shopping malls. Separate the inventory by category and building it's stored in, and offer discounts to people who come in and pick up the stuff themselves.
Tesla one way valve
Compliance with a self-quarantine order is basically a sociopath test.
In the USA, spend billions of dollars on education for rural systems so we don't so many dumb and ignorant Republican. Conservative anymore
Getting rid of normal stone sidewalks and installing those ramps you get in the airport that make you go faster as you walk
When you die, you are presented with a ladder to climb to heaven, right where you died. You get energy to climb the ladder proportional to your good and bad actions. If you succeed to climb the ladder without taking a break, you go to heaven, otherwise to hell you go.
On Dec 31st, 2020, as the ball drops, and hits midnight, let's skip 2021. Lets skip the whole decade! Happy New Year 2030!!!
Start giving mods on reddit some type of imaginary point system or currency like gold and silver that's just specific to them to encourage them to do a good job so moderation on the site gets better as a whole.
'Join game' to your friends netflix so you can both watch the same shows at the same time
Start wearing capes in the 20s. It won't look ridiculous if we all do it and let's face it capes are really cool.
Create a parallel universe where parallel universes don’t exist
Legalize polygamy so all us poor can marry &amp; file bankruptcy at one time.
fund basic income by legalizing the selling of votes, and everyone gets to vote on more important things more often so they have more valuable product to sell
MINE CRYPTO FROM YOUR PHONE FOR FREE!
The gas grid. Now, you've heard of the electric grid, and all EV aholes are getting free miles. But the gas grid will be truly revalationary.
women have to keep wearing face masks even after theres no more covid cuz its a sin for her face to go uncovered in public. allah bless you. also, what the hell, men too. masks forever.
Wear a MAGA hat and a BLM shirt at the same time
A subreddit called Masked and Naked with pics of people completely naked, only wearing face masks 😷
Spread a rumor that snake oil cures COVID-19. Wait for Trump to promote it during his daily briefing. Then the President will literally be a snake oil salesman.
If money suddenly ceased to exist, humans would not only survive but would thrive while discovering new motivations to work and provide for themselves and others.
Pontiac Aztek
Flash-Mob "Drive-In Movies" in abandoned places
Asking for some crazy ideas
What if the cure for COVID-19 turns out to be ultraviolet light inside the body and a new language is born because of it?
An IPhone with better battery
Dinder: instead of pictures of other people you meet up to fuck, it’s picture of food you meet up to fuck
You should be able to trade Karma to reverse a permanent ban from a subreddit.
Trump will lease his name to OAN and they will rename themselves as Trump Network News
A computer virus called COVID20 which infects china's wet market and makes it hard for their cash registers to breathe.
Can't the bad guys just shoot Robocop in his goddamn mouth??
make money by sticking a red hot poker up your ass but do it inside a heat shielded dildo so you're not hurt
An actor that exclusively plays one character and makes brief appearances in multiple popular television shows.
Do a survey on how many hollywood actors and actresses are jewish and hire the same amount of black actors and actresses to work with them.
There should be a top limit on how much money any one person can make per year, based on the minimum wage.
A woman standing outside a hotel room offering free anal to men who walk by, but when they go in theres a dude
An augmented reality app where you just literally upvote or downvote anything.
An anti-vote.
Protest the anti-mask movement by streaking with only a mask on
VR version of the world in ARMA3 with all countries being allowed number of players as they have real life military. All the wars and conquest would be done there and we would have peace IRL.
An AI that submits humans to the Turing Test.
Rather than hitting multi-billion dollar corporations with a measly fine when they break regulation, every time they do a strong man comes and punches the CEO in the face.
If you're a dumbass and 'share' fake Facebook posts that give you the chance to win an unwanted $250,000 RV, or a $120,000 truck, or one of 500 All-expenses-paid-trips, then you are legally obliged to buy that thing for one of your lucky friends who comments "You're a dumbass" on your FB wall.
Tiktok should IPO
A cover of "The Boy is Mine" by Brandy and Monica, only it's two guys in a paternity dispute after sleeping with the same woman.
Free healthcare for all US citizens
Twitter should modify what Trump sees in his feed to manipulate him just like fox news
Love each other
A cooking show for people with depression
Carefully infect, quarantine, and treat every NFL player, coach and trainer now ahead of the 2020 season.
Twix Mix
When you die, everyone gets a statue of themselves
Bee Network the Future?
An ELI5 sub where people respond to questions as if they were talking to a real 5 year old.
Release a nonbots which makes everyone who has said "bird" within their lifetime an odd number of times will instantly die.
Celebrate your fecundation day instead of birthday
Edible water sticks
Have 2 passcodes on your phone. One for yourself with complete access and one for friends or family with private info unavailable
A story where robots rule the world, but no because they took it over, but because all humans died after having too much fun with genetic eingineering
Say "don't " and eliminate the "do"
Last 2 days. Get your entries in http://thepurplehand.org/killstagefright/
a way to sort threads by the time the latest comment on it was posted
For the last time... GILBERT GOTTFRIED NEEDS TO HOST JEOPARDY
Reality/Game Show Idea Where Contestants All Have a Crack Addiction.
Kangaroos are just wild dogs that can stand.
Rice Krispy treats, but with chili cheese Fritos
To decrease reposts, create a process of "tacking," whereby a redditor can "tack" a repost onto an older post, which points everyone back to that post instead of the repost.
Since Gamefreak gives special treatment to the pokemon the fans like, get everyone to like tentacruel to see what game freak does
Tomorrow is national anti-incel day !!!
There should be recommendations to quit youtube abbonements on channels you have not watched in a while.
Record your Mom saying, ", I've come back. Get up!" When she dies, you'll have a really effective recording for your alarm clock.
My new lotion EvoLOTION. When it comes to lotion- it's the next... EvoLOTION...
Dishes that grow legs, walk to the sink and wash themselvesCreate a complete new word
Start a dating/match up site for serial killers and people who want to die.
Make Liberal Donations with Conservative's Money
Create and Publish the International Bro Code
Introduce 3rd house to congress: THE PEOPLE. The power of that house? Not to create laws or enforce them, but to vote on the success of laws. Basically, every law now needs to have a clearly wanted outcome. The people will vote if that outcome was achieved or not. Call the house “The People React”
To reduce global warming, position giant rockets equidistant about the equator and fire them to speed up the rotation of the earth until an earth day is 20 hours to reduce consecutive hours of sun exposure.
A song that sounds like a breakup song at first but if you listen carefully to the lyrics is actually a protest song about turning against a politician
Reddit Silver should be 1/10th the cost of an ounce of actual silver. Reddit Gold should be 1/10th the cost of a gram of gold.
Hijacking all cable and satellite TV in America and broadcasting only derogatory anti-southern content 24 hours a day.
A nursing home for people who aren’t old yet
A President of the United States who isn’t a total piece of shit.
There should be a TV show called "Who's the A-hole"
Start a drink brand named Cult 45 that markets to Trump supporters.
Cars with sawblades as wheels.
Bathroom doors that sound like farts when opened and closed
Change your name to Aidono so that all of those awkward moments when you suddenly blank out and turns them into funny confusing moments for both of parties.
Release Half-life 3 but title it Life 1.5
A formal attire store called The Cumbersome Comberbum
Macaulay Culkin, as an adult, stars in Home Alone: 28 Days Later
Shape with infinite sides
4D Movies?
Minority Report but for plants you're about to buy and most certainly kill
Someone should collect all the fetuses from the abortion clinics, grow them out in a laboratory, then sell them to couples who can't have children.
A mask militia, made up of volunteers who go to big box retailers with mask requirements (Costco, Target, etc) and help enforce mask requirements so that retail workers aren't standing alone.
We pay the paparazzi to stalk and dig up dirt on the paparazzi
Fake Santa's death by dropping $40k in wrapped presents, a sleigh, 9 euthanized caribou, and a corpse from the morgue dressed in a santa suit from the back of a rented C-130 from 10,000 ft. on Dec 24th half a mile from a major highway
Hulu should do an original series about coal miners called "Unaltered Carbon"
VEVO should open a television channel and play music videos 24/7 maybe host a top 10 every week. Like a music television channel
Any post that has a positive vote ratio on r/UnpopularOpinion gets automatically deleted at 200 upvotes
create a special economy zone in America with chinese laws and pay rates.
Einstein showed that time was relative - time passes more slowly for an object moving faster than another object. Could the lower frequency brain waves during REM sleep be the reason we can sleep for hours and seem to wake up almost instantly after falling asleep?
Netflix should have a comment sections
All postponed sport leagues should be resumed on their respective video games
Breakfast cereal shaped like little boats so every bowl is like a miniature navy battle against Godzilla
When Your In A Plane Is The Plane Flying Around The Earth Of Trying To Stop The Earth From Taking The Plane With It While It’s Spinning?
A large trampoline place but its just matresses
Addon/extension for a web browser that renders every # as a swastika on the web
Every Redditor can enter thier paypal account and people who like one of his or her posts can send him/her a financial amount they see suitable, kind of like a Twitch donation but for good posts
A Not Safe For Diet mode that doesn’t show you food on social media
CPAP manufacturers (or firmware jailbreakers) could issue firmware updates to turn people's spare CPAPs into ventilators, helping with the ventilator supply problem caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
They should make an app that reads all popular gift cards and tells you how much money they have on them
Let Red states have there own president and blue states have there own, the military is neutral and if your state changes it color you just move to the other side.
Censor cussing words with something more offensive...
at one point there was only 1 person who found the numbers 69 and 420 funny
In the comments of this thread: A rap track that has like 30 different languages in it
Replace "then" and "than" with "than" so people don't need to learn the difference.
A Comedy Club in Silicon Valley called "The Gigglebyte"
amrutafab customer care number 6204027663+6202278073// just money refund
Chicken army
There should be an app or website for anti bullying
2dollars1chain
An edible jelly you can enclose certain types of food in, which isolates the food in the mouth from your taste buds, but allows it to enter the stomach so you can receive all the nutrients.
Let's start a rumor, Trump is actually infertile and all of his kids are offspring of his brother.
Hire twice as many cops, and reduce all fines and sentences to half, since you're twice as likely to get caught you should only be punished half as much
RPG Game Difficulty revision
Looking for app dev?
A movie about the life of Tom Hanks featuring Tom Hanks as Tom Hanks.
The government should bail out any corporation that needs it and asks for it. If it does, however, the entire board does to prison for minimum 20 years.Renew the Penpal Program from the USPS
Since YouTube isn't making a 2020 rewind, wouldn't it be crazy if another party made it?
SCENARIO: A cluster f#ck movie with all genres mixed together
Bounty hunting should become a thing again
When people go to adopt pets they see them in a cage, feel bad for them, and adopt them. So on visitation days at orphanages they should put the kids in cages so people will feel bad for them and adopt them.
Create a non-profit that reproduces scientific studies to verify the results, like Snopes on steroids
A dating website where you can only post pictures of your pets.
Make a new season of To Catch a Predator, but with Steve Harvey instead of Chris Hansen
The Pope asking websites to be closed on Sunday
A game in which you have to work out if the machine is trying to influence you based on s profile you chose
Professional Simon Says competitions.
We all block Jake and Logan Paul on social media/YouTube on 4/1/20 , the April fools joke is that we don't unblock them
Wine where you can still drink it and operate machinery , gives you a calm mood, and cures insomnia
If you are Eastern Asian, change your name to Ching-Chong. That way, everytime people call your name, they will be looked at with strange eyes.
NVIDIA, Microsoft, and Sony should all state they're going to brick all products sold by scalpers via firmware update the moment they're hooked up
The Electric Car needs a car for the masses
We are literally invincible!
Being arrested for a crime should entitle you to an hourly wage at 1.5 times your current rate of pay until your innocence/guilt is proven.
There should be a label on food that tells you if you can give it to your dog or not
Let Mel Kiper Jr. do the entire draft for every team. He's going to do all of the research on what every team needs anyway.
We're launching an educational video streaming network called IntoKnowledge. Can I ask for your brutally honest opinion of our upcoming Kickstarter that's launching next month? Would appreciate any feedback, good, bad, ugly or constructive.Been tired of feeling helpless seeking unity as a species. My first time writing something like this since school, but here's my naïve attempt to combat division with vision.
A little town called Good Charlottesville
Napoleon Boner party
Streaming platforms should include the next part of a multi-show crossover as the suggested "play next" at the end of an episode
What if you vote twice through two different systems for authentication?
Site for comments for videos with comments off
I'd love to see a gameshow where people audition in front of a live audience to be various fictitious game show hosts to actors playing contestants
Start a kitchenware company that only produces pizza slicers, but call them roller blades.
Airpod wallow talkies
a country cant both have WMDs and block internet communications between its citizens and the rest of the world
Is having a headache just ur forehead growing
Classes in school that literally just teach us how to live after graduating
Have every major United States sports league’s playoffs all in the same week. Make it a national holiday week.
Lobby to ban cars. Lobby to plant millions of trees. Award transportation contracts to your zipline business.
And adult anti-Disney company.
This idea is for any restaurant with a drive-thru.
If Chris D’Elia is convicted, Netflix should deep fake another actor over his character in “you” and the money that would be his profit should go back to his victims.
Run politics like the Trolley Problem. Explain things to people that way. Example: A trolley is about to run over a few thousand people, or you can divert it to nearly crash the global economy. How do you want to handle the covid trolley?
A media company that exists solely to make crossovers between different properties.
If you pick up your phone upside down, the screen should light up with a set of flippy arrows
Create a compilation of every lights aver battle in the entire saga.
Hand Mike Pence over to Iran and call it an eye for an eye
Reddit but without fan art posts in game subreddits
The World’s Largest Online Party Chatroom
Instead of outright banning far/alt-right forums, companies should require the posters to be personally identifiable (and liable) to post opinions/ideas
Smoke Detector with Remote control
Let's change the name of the holiday Valentine's Day to Simping Day
For the people who believe in reincarnation, everyone should just want to be reincarnated as an endangered or almost extinct animal so we can have more tigers, pandas.
The government should hire UI/UX designers to design tax and legal documents for readability
They should make huge "Tic-Tacs" and call them "Toes"
An option on YouTube to show you a random video out of your history.
Worm but in big dirt
A master list of serial reposter accounts for users who are annoyed by such things to block.
Make all cops wear cameras, if the arrest wasn't caught on camera, it is void.
Reddit could come together as a community and replace the word “retard” with “trump” and consistently keep using the word like that. This could potentially legit chance the English language to result in the word Trump having a negative meaning. That’ll be a legacy which could last for forever.
The richer you get, the more dangerous stuff you have to do on a daily basis
We create a think-tank to investigate Epstein to find who assassinates those that get too close.
Turn all Militaries into huge Recycling Forces
Put shock collars on Biden and Trump, so they get shocked every time they interrupt each other.
Instead of protesters sitting in roads to shut cities down they could just constantly walk very slowly, back and forth, over zebra crossings.
Reddit should disable gaining karma onyour cake day
The Internet is too helpful, we need every search to exclusively give links to The Onion.
Since a big part of smoking aesthetic is lighting the cigarette with a lighter, make remote control in style of a lighter for e-cigarettes to mimic the need of external device to iniciate the smoking process.
Redo Star Wars from the beginning but make Jedi more like ninjas than samurai.
Show where the characters run through the same story but in totally different genres each season
Run for president and say you are so confident that you're going to win that you will throw away half the votes that are for you, and if you dont get twice as much votes as everyone else you will say that you didnt really win
Create a high alcohol, dirt cheap lager beer and call it "HOBO PISS"
Way to dramatically reduce CO2
National bank robbery championship
A pan-shaped sword
Have real wars fought on shooting games to prevent casualties
r/HistoryMemes and r/ThatHappened switch for a day.
Universal Basic Plutonium. At the Start of the Month, Everybody Gets a Pound of Plutonium.
They should make Halal Pork
Place large black tarps at strategic locations around cities. Then you could commute by paraglider, riding the thermals
On/off switch for corona related posts
Start referring to the American Midwest by its more logical moniker: The Upper Middle
Let’s all withdraw our money from the banks on the same day and cause a literal market crash just for fun
When participating in a peaceful protest, if the cops start shooting rubber bullets and tear gas, get the entire crowd together to hold down the police and tickle their feet.
Extraterrestrial crafts visit Earth regularly and seem to want to keep us from destroying ourselves, but also want to retain a hands off approach to our affairs, and largely hide from the general populations knowledge of their existence/purpose.
App stores should have a category for free apps and for freemium apps
Pokemon but with Lovecraftian monstrosities
Clothes made from carbon fiber. They wouldn’t tear, or break easily. They’d also protect against knife attacks, or general scrapes and cuts.
I want to date Miley Cyrus.
Print government issued survivor cards for anyone who can prove they had COVID-19 and recovered. Allow places to remain open, but only allow employees and customers with a survivor card.Prescription windows
A regular social network where all post about themselves, but not who they are. Each poster is paid a small fee each day based on activity, if they stay anonymous. Users can stalk other users and if they figure out someone in real life, they are paid a reasonable reward. The outed people are banned.
A "Dick's Last Resort" style Funeral Home.
Let there be a "Voice for the Nation" in America right now. They could release a video online to reassure people. Maybe someone planning to run for office. Someone who is a little more human and compassionate, compared to who's in office right now. Someone who needs to campaign anyway asap.
The infected who knowingly flouted stay at home orders should be treated last
Put powdered fruit punch in your mouth so you always have a fruity taste with your drinks 😋
Blast music in public restrooms and everybody wins!
A grocery store called "Hole Foods" that only sells Swiss cheese and doughnuts
Corona (alcohol) should embrace Covid-19 and start selling their diet beer as "Corona Vir-less"
A Special Software Suite for Legal Work
"The Burrito Longer" a machine that you put ingredients into and it produces a non-stop convener belt style burrito which can then be cut up, sectioned out, and eaten by those around
We should bring back planking.
Place an actual statue in a touristy human statue spot with a cap in front and come by every 30 minutes to collect the money.
Mix melatonin gummies in with regular fruit snacks so people calm down a little
Can all air travel and whatever country you're in right now is your new home.
Coffee-only lane at Tim Hortons drive-thru
I make personolised items for you and your loved ones ♥️ just visit my Facebook page link the comments
A reality show where successful boomers have to start over in the job market without using any work history or connections.
Heat municipal water before its delivered to customers. Each house can have a water cooler instead of a water heater. Much safer
Phone camera should automatically switch to document mode when it detects paper
We should test products on convicted pedophiles and rapists
make an airplane that is just a sphere with an outer shell that spins really fast backwards, using the magnus effect to your destination
Instead of wearing a mask today, pick a random word out of the dictionary and then laugh hysterically whenever you hear someone say it for the rest of the day.
SNL should try a competitive format where old cast members come back and make sketches and compete against the current cast and have the audience vote on their favorites to see who is the winner.
Fascist goth/vampire subreddit simulator roleplay  (NOT actual fascism, or related to fascism, just a parody roleplay community of goths)
A rearview mirror that tracks your eyes or sunglasses and adjusts automatically so that it's always perfectly facing you
Your profile should tell you which of your posts/comments got upvoted since you last visited, and by how much.
Livestock farmers should become server farmers too. The space needed could probably be repurposed from existing land on the farm, and the waste heat from the servers could be used to keep the livestock warm.
New effective Covid-19 at home test.
Paint the white house black. Inspired by ~Rolling stones - Paint it black~l
She AT&amp;T for displaying 5G E on iPhones when in reality it’s still only 4G.
Start a GoFundMe for the 1st Journalist to ask Trump, “WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU”...
If dogs could talk we would have put them to work
Mozzarella sticks, but instead of cheese, it’s ham
If the Boondocks come back, make Riley and Huey be in middle/high school and adopted by their uncle (played by Dave Chapelle) after Grandpa died (R.I.P. John Whiterspoon).
The Pee Bucket Challenge
Take a script for a 30 minute story, hire 3 different producers and directors, let them hire their own casts and crew and each make the same film in their own different ways.
That definitely belongs here
Soldiers stop using guns and grenades, and instead starting to use swords, spears, axes, bows, and other similar weapons again because they're cooler
Pledge to donate a large sum of money to charity every time there is a terrorist attack, so that terrorism indirectly becomes a good thing.
New Year’s Resolution
Dating apps like Tinder should take profiles that haven’t been active for some time out of the stack
Try to "one up" religious nuts
Presidential debates should allow dice rolls for speaking minute time.
Run an ad campaign that says “wearing a mask blocks 5G from infiltrating your body” so people that don’t believe in COVID-19 wear masks.
On election day, the game Among Us should weight votes based on what room people are in when the report/meeting is called in order to simulate the electoral college
Pop-up barriers that pop up at every intersection as soon as the light turns red so that red light runners run into the barriers instead of pedestrians and other vehicles.
Build 2 radio controled real size sailships from 18 century with self loading cannons and let them fight.
Live-action reboot of Michael J Frog's "Hello my baby song."
At a rummage sale, ask the price for all their “rummage sale signs”
Baby rattle toy with an inbuilt cocktail shaker (cocktail is for the adults)
There should be an age limit on the presidency of the US. Even while serving if you hit the limit, you're out.
Make a trivia game show where people get high or drunk and try to answer the questions
Maybe antivaxxers don’t vaccinate their children because if their children die, they can get money from compensation from an insurance company
If plant based burgers are actually indistinguishable, fast food chains should make a promo where you get 2 burgers; 1 regular and 1 plant-based, and dont tell the customer which is which.
A Bachelorette-style reality show but all the men are Highlanders cutting each other's heads off.
Quantum Mechanics Debunks Materialism
Cercrc
They have internet for watching Youtube on airplanes nowadays, so put a bunch of web cameras outside of planes streaming all the time, that way crashes would be explained instantly most of the time.
Create a YouTube reaction channel featuring white kids from the 50s discovering black music.
This has to be the new rickroll.
A space explosion movie that doesn't involve disaster or horror
Get rid of the moronic rules about taking liquids on flights.
A bad news singing telegram service that only hires professionally diagnosed sadists.
Every topic on r/relationship_advice should have a stickied comment telling OP they need to go to therapy.
coronavirus anime where everybody hasit.
Get the government to use food as a currency. Then when there's a crisis, food will be printed out like crazy, the value of food will hyperinflate, and there will be enough for everybody.
Rename the Kansas side of Kansas City to Missouri City
Cars should have some kind of alert system which would indicate to other drivers that they are about to make a turn.
I Didn't Know I Had Writer's Block
Reddit starts collecting data on how long it takes someone to compose a comment so we can see how long it took to write popular comments.
Have a pond on every rooftop.
Was looking up 'Its Always Sunny in Philadelphia', on Hulu when I realized, it would be much easier sometimes to type in an acronym when searching for a show on a streaming service (IASIP)
Foul ball line drives which could hurt someone in the crowd should be intercepted and vaporized by lasers
An app that changes the graphic design of a website to show it's true nature, like instead of crisp blue and white, Facebook would have jaundiced yellow and dripping green slime.
hear me out
Take things that are closed to the public because of coronavirus, like golf courses, and auction off the right to be the sole person to access them for a whole day. Give the money to the unemployed.
What if mice didnt exist? And instead we simply glide our hands across our mouse pads.
rename the Mcdonald's Quarter pounder to the Quarter million cause that's probably what is going to cost when the meat shortage comes and stays.
Go to subway. Order a sandwich with everything. Strip. Rub said sandwich all over your naked body.You can use toilet brush to clean holes in your teeth if they are big enough. (easy exterior and interior teeth cleaning)
Make Election Day a National holiday
Monopoly but the only rule is that the money holds its value
To motivate redundant backup systems and fixing any loopholes of how to get out of it, require police be instantly executed if they turn off their body cam for even 1 second, and the body cam will perform the execution automatically. --- Didnt happen to be on when supposedly was doing nothing wrong
Chess but you can auction your pieces before the game
Start an MLM company that investigates other MLM for being pyramid schemes. Call it "Pyramid Detectives" and to join just pay a small fee and then get 3 other junior investigators to join under you.
Really crazy idea, Sony should release a filter on the PlayStation store to filter out games which are single, multi-local or multi-network games.
The south africa show "nyan nyan" but its filmed and produced by catgirls
That Churches in order to remain Tax Exempt must maintain and pay for a Children's Center. It must take in any abandoned child or infant and care for them and work to get them adopted. They have to tithe money to school lunch program's
To encourage bipartisan collegiality we should require members of congress to hold regular hang-out 1 on 1s streamed live on Twitch
HOLOGRAM WALKING COACH
a real Bob's Burgers restaurant that has daily innovative burger specials
Sign Petition: YOU MUST HAVE AT LEAST THREE COAT RACKS IN YOUR HOUSE AT ALL TIMES
We could cause karma inflation on Reddit by creating a huge amount of bots that upvote posts and comments.
Pastry balls stuffed with fortune cookies. Propheteroles.
Make an underground passage that connects to people's houses and it can be attached to tunnels that take you to dome cities. There will be ladders to get down and something to put over the holes in the ground.
A horror game with extremely complex mechanics, health, and weapons system but the player is never actually in danger of dying
Make Bill Nye the Science Guy the new host of Jeopardy
There is a potentially simple solution to repatriate trillions of dollars in hidden wealth.
Imagine catchiong a rocket out of the sky with 2 arms
Coffee Puffs Cereal: Like Cocoa Puffs but with Coffee Flavour
Reddit should have a go back button for when you accidentally refresh
Best Foods To Eat For Weight Loss
Insect repellant paint
Give anti-maskers the lowest priority for medical equipment related to COVID in short supply
Create a professional moving company that takes highly detailed 3D pictures and moves everything the way it is into a new property.
People get money for upvotes
A disposable device that holds ice lower in your cup so the liquid coming through the straw is actually cold.
Could people should look at this more objectively?
Start a Zoom meeting, invite everyone you know who plays guitar, and have them do the same. Everyone plays and sings the same song. Post with no editing.
Movie and videogame trailers that are released one frame per hour
Change humans into elves
Trashator. A wastebasket that keeps your leftovers refrigerated until you throw them away. No more bad/spoiled smells.
Thousands of us should pick a Trump rally to go to, find a way to get on stage behind him and synchronize a mass protest.
A subreddit to bet on the lifespan of famous people
We should send people who don't believe in climate change to places like Australia or Hong Kong, where the effects of global warming and pollution are clearly visible and harmful
A game like "Shadow of the Colossus" but the colossi are humans and you're a wasp.
A game show called Dances with Wolves.Crazy Ideas!
A mine mine that both produces minerals and explodes.
Joe Biden should go golfing tomorrow and watch people lose their $h!t
Mustang
Include a small chip in the vaccine so places can scan that you've had it. And it can also track the places you've been so you can go back without another scan.
Faucets should have a drip setting, so you can easily set them to drip at night so your pipes don't freeze.
No challenge December - just don't do any online challenges for a full month
Merchandise for the LEGO movie. So making this brick stuff so children can play with that.
A compilation of Hank Hill starting a sentence with “You can’t”.
Revoke the citizenships of convicted murderers serving life sentences and give them to lucky DACA recipients
you became President in any country. Your actions?
Limit orders on merchandise. Prices on Amazon fluctuate; enter an order for an item to be executed if the price drops enough
Duolingo should have a premium add-on called "Duolingo NSFW" that teaches you swear words in the language you're learning.
An "I'd like to meet your friend" button on Tinder on people with someone else in their photos with them
A 40,000 piece jigsaw puzzle that you solve upside down, and when you flip it over it's Rick Astley.
If prolonged exposure to X-rays is fatal, why doesn't the army make an X Ray gun instead?
Tesla should add a feature that automatically moves your parked car 2 inches backward to avoid 2 hour parking tickets
New snapstory viewer icons
Every sports team with an animal for a logo must part a “licensing “ fee in the form of conservation for that animal.
Give all billionaires a "Doc Hollywood" moment to learn a little empathy for the rest of the world
Send out hate mail from the Catholic Church to the church of scientology in their name; those dudes live for that type of harassment.
On Jan 1st next year start 2020 again, forget this year ever happened.
Get Larry King to voice a character in the Sonic movie sequel.
The Fourth of July can only legally be celebrated in the 13 original colonies. All other states must celebrate the day they were admitted to the Union.
The Carousel of Progress at Disney World should become a double decker so riders can experience the 1960s, 1980s, 2000s &amp; 2040s.
Low Energy Antimatter and Anti-Gravity
Become a singer, but inhale helium before every recording/performance. Your helium voice then becomes your "signature" voice.
If you know written mandarin, whether you’re chinese or not, leave your well wishes in every guest book of every airbnb and hotel you visit in Chinese when the Coronavirus panic reaches fever pitch.
Putting a legit crazy idea that would work on this site for someone to take it and actually make it while you keep reading whats going on in the internet.
Carve out large landmasses to create canals and lakes in arid continents such as Australia and Africa.
Start a ‘FREE MAJOR’ movement to get Pres. Biden’s exiled dog back into the White House
Reddit should put a counter on every post to show how many times it was viewed
https://youtu.be/b9P9M3Ugd1U
Political cabinet should allow AI's to have government positions
A 24/7 news channel that only gives good news, and you can turn in to avoid depression.
Get coronavirus survivors to work as delivery people, food handlers, grocery store clerks, etc. because they’ll be immune and will prevent further spread of the disease
A few very possible solutions if presented by the right people to the very real problems we are running into these days but avoiding.
A Sanford and Son reboot starring Isaiah Whitlock Jr. and Roy Wood Jr. and their specialty is refurbishing electronic devices.
Make the government pay for virus related healthcare by defining viruses as trespassers so the government must remove the trespassers
Stumbleupon, but for subreddits.
Instead of claiming a “souvenir” hoodie/t-shirt/whatever from a one night stand...take a couple of rolls of toilet paper.
Create a TV show called 'Drunken Scrabble' with argumentative contestants
Is the story about Bill Gates making stupid tons of money from selling vaccines true? Also does he use less fortunate people to test vaccines on?
If a Reddit user with 10000 karma or more inactive for a year on Reddit half of their karma is distributed throughout a group of reddit users under with 1000 or less
Pockolate - chocolate that goes right in that pocket
Customer Service
We should change sidewalks to those moving road things in airports
The universe is infinite. Divide the universe into 8 billion parts which each person gets an equal part of. We are then all filthy rich, but our assets are very non-liquid, so we should all start thinking about how to use our assets which is the infinite universe around us.
Alright what if they made a VR game guitar hero but for drums? Kind of like beatsaber but ya know you got drum sticks
Put up posters educating about the advantages of using the zipper merge on the approach to roadworks.
Being able to change the volume of silence
Dueling should be a Olympic sport using paintball rounds or rubber bullets.
The US should create a process where arrests are reviewed from body cam footage by an external agency. No footage, they shouldn't be able to process the arrest. If the officer is found to be breaking the law, they should face the same penalty as any citizen
Make a movie, but have each scene acted out by actors on a giant platform rig that is falling from sky-diving height and can deploy its own chutes so that the actors don’t have to wear any
Mandate all live animal production farms, and all urban pet owners, to have the animals run on electricity generating wheels similar to hamster wheels.
The Corona Virus is a dangerous virus that kills the elderly and immune compromised. It was engineered in Wuhan college by a Harvard professor in order to test the worlds capacity to counter a contagious biohazard situation.
A new Star Wars movie, but its about a general contractor who was on the Death Star when it was being rebuilt and Lando blew it up.
A movie about how America has turned into this far-left society, where everything is so government-controlled in order to promote 'equality'. Then, a group of conservatives take down the government in order to make the country how it was before.
Instead of having the Vice President cast the tie-breaking vote in the Senate, determine the outcome of a tie by a drinking contest. Each Senator will have to drink a beverage grown, brewed, or distilled in their home state.
A Racial Slur Warning On Music Apps
Reddit would make so much money If it had awards that you give to posts and comments that you don't like.
If we'd just slowed down bill collecting from the mailbox we wouldn't have to pay that many bills
Subscription lottery numbers
An option on youtube to automatically skip ads after the prescribed amount of time we're forced to watch them.
Mods should be elected by the community, or at least subject to having their mod status removed by the community
The top 10% earners in a country must fund UBI, housing, Healthcare, and other needed social amenities.
Electric stove plates which have those magnet stirrers you find on lab heating plates.Mandatory sterilization at young age, total control from government agencies to grant or not permission to breed
Send some kids to the ISS for an extended stay field trip.
A react channel with both Western and Eastern guests appear.
When the coronavirus pandemic is over, countries all over the world could recover some of the money they lost by selling tickets to ancient roman style gladiator games where criminals that are awaiting execution anyway fight to the death.
If it was eye for an eye, Chicago would be blind!
A website with a library of interactive images of aircraft dashboards, where you can "mouse-over" different controls to be shown a brief explanation of their purpose
Anybody who hates the way American politics work should just leave America. Don't act like you don't have enough money!
We need more cops of color in America. It may help reduce racism.
Roads and bridges from North America to Europe.
Would you go to a SinglesCon? "Show your best self and find your true love today!"
A UN resolution to cut all military budgets in half for rebuilding society
Every week, you fire bullets in the air AT NOBODY in your neighborhood to keep the rents low
Rebrand Daylight savings as International Suicides and Industrial Accidents Day so it becomes politically unpopular to keep aroundBernie Sanders personally released the coronovirus in order to teach america the value of universal healthcare decoupled from the market.
Let's all boycott YouTube until they move the comments section back to its rightful location
If your last name is Floyd, and you have a son, name him "Pretty-Boy".
How about you use your money on food and a house instead of "Ternoin-all-powerful". Just an idea!
Renters should receive discounted rents for a couple months (or more), and the gov’t can sort-out fewer claims by paying landlord’s proportionally-based income; Increasing with how much financial slack that landlord provides their tenants.
Ban Reddit Awards so that people are no longer giving money to Reddit and instead donating it to a cause or directly to the person deserving of it.
Earning the right to own any animal through a license program just like the driving license program in an attempt to reduce animal abuse.
Bury alcohol and stuff before a music festival and dig it up when it starts
No industry can sell a product unless a cumulative donation quota of that product has been filled.
A microwave that turns off when you open the door with less than 10 seconds left
Legalize impersonating other people (to take out loans in their name, etc) to motivate making it harder to impersonate people, instead of requesting the cooperation of criminals to please dont impersonate us. Make it so they just cant.
An episode of Undercover Boss where civilians ride around with cops pretending to be rookies to see if they are doing their job correctly.
In theory couldnt drones (or other inexpensive collection tactics) be used to scavenge/salvage the floating pacific garbage islands?
A network of zipline towers across the entire African continent.
wear a suit of armor with juicy steaks taped all over it while walking around thousands of hungry tigers
i want to create a yt channel
We should all have a movement where we dig up dirt on every politician (any country) and expose them for who they are.
Apple Macbook pro 16-inch Best Priced Laptop
Produce an action movie but with realistic and scientifically accurate explosions and physics
I Don't Like Skittles
This might not be “crazy” but my dream job is to have a half brewery half car restoration business. We would fully restore classic cars and brew the perfect beers.
make some mony in 2020
Self cleaning flying toilet on wheels
Not allow any posts to get karma on political subreddits, therefore more opinions would be shared.
Everyone should learn sign language as a child so then everyone will be able to communicate, no matter which country you are in. It also means that the world could have a universal language, while everyone being able to maintain their native language.
Tell your children they were adopted and let them believe it for about a year. Then tell them they're not really adopted, you just wanted to see how they'd react I'd you told them they were.
Relationship Purge Day! 2/13/2021
Crazy Idea: No country to be allowed to sell raw resources.
Halloween in thanksgiving; you dress up as a turkey, go door to door and gobble to get leftovers
To clean the city, but in the name of evil.
I don’t know why people are so ignorant about clinical depression
Olympic dick-punching - Two dudes in a 5 foot ring just punching each other in the dick as hard as they can. You lose when you fall down or leave the ring.
Give dyslexic people purposefully misspelled things to read on purpose so the dyslexia is cancelled out and they see it in the correct spelling
Instead of spending money making Jurassic Park movies, spend all that money making a Jurassic Park.
Quietly browse your local gun store, run up to the owner and yell “YALL SELL EARMUFFS?”
With Covid-19 still in full swing, will you go on a spending spree in this holiday season?
Make an international law that standardizes the blinker speed on every type of car, so the sound of the blinker in your car matches the light of the car in front of you.
Start a band and call them "all time". Start filing complaints everytime someone brings out an album or spotify playlist called "best song of all time" or "all time favorite songs" and it doesn't include your songs
A sub where people post stories about *Karens* and other people judge if the person really was a *Karen*
Beatsaber, but with your dick.
Home Recycler/3D printer
A mask that silences the sounds you make so you can cry without your family knowing
Edible smokes. Like get that toasted marshmallow and chocolate flavored one and the eat it once you’re done. Might be crazy but less waste, and if done right, could be frickin delicious.
Instead of r/bpt and r/wpt, we have a sub for any people of twitter
r/MxRedditReactsUncensored
Convince all the birds to give up flying and just run everywhere instead.
Put a politician's age next to their name on any ballot
If you go to another country, go to a field or a forest, share your coordinates and put a sign that has an image of Rick Astley and leave.
House shopping monsters inc. style
After the corona virus, we should globally take a month off like this every year to let the planet recover from climate change activities, we call it planet relief month
Rebrand the Trump presidency* as 'The Aristocrats: Live!'.
The last step of impeachment should be approval by the president.
Remove rules for teachers but make some sort of court which looks at if a teacher teaches well when enough people complain about the teacher.
We should stop using the acronym “GOP” for “Grand Old Party”.
Have the candidate’s family members in a dunk tank for the next debate to curb interruptions.
The movie Jaws, but the theme is replaced with the Pink Panther theme.
Penises should have one big fingernail.
The dealership should offer me a joint while my car is with the mechanic.
Make it illegal to serve two consecutive presidential terms. The President should not be focusing on a campaign over his / her job.
The world too easily forgets the power of nuclear weapons. Let's remind them. Once every twenty years, launch a thermonuclear weapon at a randomly selected populated area.
IKEA Kamasutra Book
Start a roach cult on Reddit to convince users to try new reddit
Have someone infected with COVID-19 run into a group of protestors and announce loudly that they’re infected with COVID-19. Then, see how many of said protestors run away or go home
Only allow felons to be president since they are pissed off at the government
A section on apartment rental sites where current and former tenants can review the building/living situation
a ball whose radius is negative so when you spin it, any bugs on its surface, instead of tending to swing off, are pulled in closer
The Wiki Game but you have to get from one subreddit to an obscure one by clicking on usernames and the posts/comments they write.
Google navigation should inform if an upcoming traffic light you can't quite see yet will be red or green by the time you get there.
What if the army invested into a special mech division. The idea being that the the infantry use what essentially mobility armor. The robot dog from Boston dynamics will carry armor plating for the armor and will carry, hold, and distribute armor plating for the suits as needed.
Anyone interested in earning money online? Visit the link and start making money it could be a golden chance
A mock suburban/metropolitan area where people can pay to drift there and they'll have to run from some fake police cars for as long as they can. After a certain period of time, they'll get a cash prize but the difficulty will be bumped up the farther they go.
Youtube TV needs a live chat.
A social media site whose terms of service stipulate that no one, neither the users nor the admins, can under any circumstances delete or edit any content posted for any reason, unless legally compelled to do so.
Morning before pill for men
The heaviest dumbell in the world in the shape of Thor's hammer
On streaming services, a way to watch shows with others at the same time and send messages to them while watching.
A circle jerk with anal instead of jerking someone off is a very gay human centipede loop
If the video game awards gave out worst triple A games of the year based on viewer votes it would force game companies to make better games or risk losing investors
An armored jet that flys directly into the tops off tornadoes for data
Battle of the bands, but for rappers. Called ‘Survival of the Littest’
Get a stiffy in the line at bugerking (yuh)
Checking activity levels (estimated number of people) and product availability in near supermarkets...
Anyone attempting to justify Derek Chauvin’s actions should be willing to take a knee to the back of the neck for 9 minutes.
Billers (companies that send out paper billing statements) could conserve fucktons of paper by not including a window envelope with the bill.
Each, redditors get to upvote any post they wish twice
Left for Dead should have ranks like CSGO
Swarms of locusts are decimating crops and risking famine in many countries, so just eat the locusts.
Music genre
The Federal government should force corporate repatriation of assets to cover the cost of the Bailouts
Now that the dipshit POTUS has been voted out of office, we can downvote anything and everything having to deal with the Orange Menace and it's spawn.
Spotify should show your friends volume level so you can see how hard they're jamming
What if cars were powered by hamsters in plastic balls?
Let's make a new flag to represent the south US with no ties to slavery/racism as a compromise between both sides!
Protesters should join the police force in mass and make changes from within. If you can beat them join them?
Just split the USA into two countries: the Red States of America (RSA) and the Blue States of America (BSA)
At the end of the lockdown, everyone who failed to stay inside receives a lifetime ban from any potential future space travel.
Movie: Elon Musk and the Rocket Factory. Eccentric billionaire gives several lucky prize winners a tour of his Hawthorn facility, complete with Oompa-Loompas.
People registered to anti-vax groups should be denied access to a corona virus vaccine.
I dunno if it’s “too early” or has already been suggested, but could Weird Al please do a song entitled “My Corona” ? (0f course spoofing “My Sharona” by The Knack)
Remember the "The Snap" event on reddit? They should do a thing where a few random users get flagged as 'infected' and other users they reply to/who reply to them/who upvote/who downvote them also have a chance to get 'infected' and see how long it takes to get every redditor thusly 'infected'.
A show starring Kate Mara, Erin Moriarty, Rose McIver, and Caprice where they play the same character but they change the actress every scene.
Have a singular Internet “government”
When you go to the gym, you should have to swipe your membership card on every machine you use. Then they could track your effort, and offer a discount to the people who work out the hardest.
If we spent the next month taking pictures of our shits and labeling them with the Bristol Stool Scale, we could probably train an AI to do it for us.
Lil Jon remake of Bohemian Rhapsody.
Hearing aids that allow you to pause rewind and record in real-time
A space game, were it uses steam remote play togathater to play.
A personality test that divides your results into several different slices on a pie chart, each one representing a fictional character that comprises your personality.
Cars that allow you to heat up the entire exterior to melt the snow during winter.
Convince anti-mask people to wear facemasks by giving them pornography involving masks.
Pen Clips and their Flippy Bits
MosquitoBIN.. Not Mosquitoes friend.
All elected officials should have to pass Mental Competency Hearing and a citizenship test before they are sworn to office.
Invent a cologne or perfume strong enough so corona🦠 burns up in your atmosphere.
The government could sell back recordings of your personal phone calls so you could keep them as keepsakes.
Minesweeper XTREME: All bombs. Every space is a bomb.
A colony on an asteroid.On November 4th, break the United States into two countries: Red States and Blue States. But each country is led by the guy they DIDN'T vote for the day before.
Add a internet provider to every tree so people plant more of them.
us government takes over McDonalds for a year and everyone gets free McDonalds for a year to get through the corona virus pandemic
The Onion and The Soup should collaborate in France and call it "French Onion Soup"
Every cabinet should include a “devils advocate” position
Lower the baskets in basketball to make the sport available even if you’re not 7 feet.
Name the next Xbox as Xbox Vista
YouTube should start a system where you can watch a ton of ads at once (like with no volume while you’re working) and then watch a bunch of normal videos without ads
Contrary to popular opinion, the coronavirus is a financial nightmare for toilet paper companies.
Imagine a world without money and no governments or crime.
What is the first word that comes to your mind when you think of healthcare?
Hunt squirrels, weasels and voles with tranquilliser darts. When they’re out, dress them up in tiny uniforms. Airline pilot, nurse, ballet dancer. Then release them back into the wild to really mess with the heads of nature watchers.
All parents are paid based on how well they raise their kids
balancing ride thing
Every Sunday each city has a huge buffet with all kinds of foods and drinks and for free
False Reality.
Chipotle should start a TV ad campaign that teaches people how to pronounce the name
My proposal for helping our planet.
Have smartphones be able to connect to a mouse and keyboard and monitor so you can use it as a computer if you need to.
A new type of adaptation for stories: Branches!
Decided to literally cut parts off of my mattress pad off
believe you have democracy just cuz theres a vote, but never in your lifetime has anyone become president who was not already written on the voting paper before writing the vote on that paper
Start a pizza place but just sell microwaved DiGiorno frozen pizza but deliver it and sell it as regular pizza.
The Problematic-meter; the public basically gives reviews on celebs/public figures to determine whether they’re problematic or not
(Maybe missed the boat on this one!): Make all school uniforms look like Hogwarts uniforms, and make kids believe they're at year-long Comic-cons / fantasy theme parks
Create a conspiracy that the left in America unleashed the virus to kill the right. That’s why the leftists are all wearing masks. Wear a mask to survive the political genocide
A sub reddit page for people who have trouble formatting and have been refused posts by mods or mod bots? So a big collection of multiple interests.
Remove all mods from r/Anarchism
General shuffle of every song in spotify.
The future of transitioning: chromosome manipulation and brain transplantation into a cloned, opposite-sex body.
Grocery stores should dim their lights and play Techno music.
Online Football with a twist
Spike Lee should make an alternate history movie where slavery is reversed. African American land owners enslaving white Europeans and making them work the cotton and tobacco fields. If anyone can pull off something as controversial, it would be him.
Reddit; but only for Europe
Send criminals a letter to turn themselves in and make no in-person contact with them outside the station.
A collaborative subreddit where every post is a comic panel/page by any person and each post builds up the story and lore of it.
Increase funding for police to teach them how to be better at their jobs, or just make it harder to become a police officer in general.
Americans should be planning protests and petitions during this time
Robbie Rotten's Battlegrounds
a metal horse that, with a person laying long its back, runs faster than most cars
Being physically fit is called hot, and being temperamentally fit is called cool. So people with both qualities should be just called warm.
A national "homelessness insurance" that covers literally everybody in the country, paid for by taxpayers.
A Dating-App made by google that matches people based on their actual preferences and personal traits, using data from Google's data base for ad-personalization
English language courses should have a final test where the student makes a post on Reddit. If you pass for a native English speaker with no mistakes, A+! If you make a mistake, but you still pass as a native speaker, B-D depending on the number of mistakes. But if you are found out, then you fail.
End BlackLivesMatter and start BlackLivesMatter2. It could also be interpreted as BlackLivesMatterToo and finally silence the AllLivesMatter crowd.
Could we rename Coronavirus as the “Boomer Slayer”?
Rather than 24 hours, we have 3 sleeps per day.
A car engine made entirely out of glass
A "mute microphone" key
Poop is just food butter
Genetically modify mosquitoes to inject people with vaccines instead of malaria
place a bomb in the google server hall, see what happens
Buyout a Trump rally, fill it with protesters (undercover wearing MAGA hats) against Trump, and livestream the reveal of the whole fiasco everywhere possible.
A comments section for Netflix. It would help people decide on what to watch, and you could leave thoughts/reactions there.
If got a theory on why this unprecedented quarantine is happening. Not because of a globally organized pro active response to a global pandemic. No that’s what they want you to think. They’re fattening us up, for their own nefarious purposes. Like To Serve Man styles.
We should bring back the “XD” phase of the internet for the next decade and call it the “Rawring Twenties.”
Bill Belichik on the cover of next year's Madden.
See if all the governments of the world can agree on which kind of pizza to serve every person on earth who wants it, the exact same kind of pizza, for free at government's expense. Or if governments are unable to pass a simple test of their ability to agree on things and rationally negotiate...
Musicians should put dog whistles in their tracks so dogs will sing along
Make an app like tinder but only for practicing flirting
Tim Curry and Tim Rice making an Asian-food-themed rap duo.
Officially end 2020 at the end of June (6 months) and call the remaining 6 months 2021: The Prequel. We've had enough of this.
A movie with reversed cliches
World chase tag: the chaser has COVID-19
You need to pay for watching a movie AFTER you leave the cinema. And it will be a amount you get to decide.
An "Are you sure you'd like to refresh" option.
Reddit should get rid of downvotes for the next three months to give the community a massive ego boost.
A Princess Bride parody video using the characters of Game of Thrones
After how everything turned out under Trump's presidency, Biden's campaign slogan should just be 'Make America Great Again'
Idea for politics
A bathroom stall for going #3
Ask UN peacekeepers to come police America
A bunch of us buy reddit gold, and then we give all of it to an insignificant comment on an insignificant post. The redditor will be extremely confused but thankful I guess?
A website where people post 6 second videos that loop and then an army of bots criticize it for being too short.
They should change “The Democratic Debates,” to “Keeping Up With the Dems.”
any punishment you are willing to endure for no other reason, the president gets 1% of
A great marketing tactic is selling an essential yet cheap product, say bread loaf, for 100$ a piece but you can get two for 2 dollars(insert a slightly competitive price for two)and you get the luxury to state it as 99% off
Let’s just all agree to end 2020 tonight and have it be Jan. 1st 2021 tomorrow.
we make bugs that dont blow up on a windsheild
A amusement park/resort where one pays to beat up minions
A fridge with cameras in the back to display all the food you forgot was in there before it goes bad.
Pandemic insurance!
Shoes that vibrate uncontrollably if you stay stationary for too long
an animal that poops out its tail
Make the world's first 4K resolution touchscreen desktop monitors
A Trump-style troll tweet every day or more from the Biden administration to bog down Fox and Friends et all from their usual drip-drip.
Re-release the entirety of JoJos Bizzare Adventure, but hide the Stands because the viewers aren’t Stand users
City’s with a 45th street, rename them to any black person of historical significance.
get rid of u/kindstranger’s account. motherfucker hasn’t ever posted. make a bot with the username. whenever someone says “thanks for the gold kind stranger”, the bot comments “thank you”.
Legalize anything that would normally be considered legal only after it's done, like declaring independence of an area of land that becomes it's own country
Introducing Reddit Shit: Like Reddit Gold, but it makes the interface more annoying and gives more ads to those it’s awarded to.
In debate or conversation, the right to respond to a statement before people get distracted with later statements and would ignore the response. Shut up more often so you don't need to be interrupted.
How to Start a Successful Gift Shop Business
Basically a review site like Yelp, but backwards.
A huge mega beyblades competition where the teams build giant metal disks with spikes and stuff and fuel-powered spin launchers
Make Deadpool 3 a movie where Deadpool goes back in time to travel to wuhan chinna, and kill a bat.
Self driving technology on grocery carts so they put themselves in the cart corral.
Start crowdfunding for paid ads that display police brutality on front pages of newspapers that are currently ignoring the issue.
Social media but not its not creepy.
Denim socks
A wearable device that projects a photorealistic image of your nose and mouth on to your facemask, so it looks like you're not wearing one.
DDOS attack on websites that are known to have virus, malicious or steal information unethically so that others are not affected
Sex but in mouth
The secret to never gaining weight is to always wear stretchy pants.
A new amendment that grants the right to bear a shield, useful for general protection and could reduce death counts during gun violence related crimes. Also, produce a modern bullet proof shield that can fold/collapse and fit inside a backpack, suitcase, etc.
If you live in a house with kids, build a room surrounded by a few layers of hallway and a locked door so they cant barge in and if they bang on the door you wont hear it
A hinged cowboy hat on top of your car that lifts up when you hit a pothole.
A politicians time should be proportionately rationed
/unpopularopinion legit idea
Start a secret society and take over the world!
Have the option of transferring money from your Amazon Account to your Steam Account.
Crazy car mods
No company should be allowed to profit during a crisis.
Create a COVID opt-in tattoo
There should be a reverse ambulance service for use on enemies and annoying people. The medics grab you off of the street, beat the shit out of you, and then dump you on a random corner somewhere.
Create a Bingo card of names of famous people you hate and fill the space every time one of them gets Coronavirus
An option to see the ratio of upvotes:downvotes for everything.
Mark Zuckerberg should shut down Facebook, and make another site called Bookface. A competitor to Audible.
A show where professional artists are given a very bad drawing and told to improve it and make it look good.
Let's make the 31st of April the World-Pi-day
Forget all religions, Bread Universe is the true one God
Ejacu-latte
We lock Trump up in a prison where all the other inmates get reduced sentences for keeping up a truman show-style pretence that he was never President.
Elmo in a horror movie?
Marvel should make a Superhero movie that looks like it was shot entirely in the 60s but with modern effects
Inviting Chess Pros to a tournament but switching it out for a Checkers tournament instead
Next time you go to a high school basketball game show up in a wizard robe with a wand and pretend to cast spells on the other team.
A children's show that gets progressively more mature to fit the interest of it's aging audience.
You only get one comment or post per day in any sub then receive a 24 hour ban
Take 1 nuke back in time to demo its human melting power long before the world wars started, to scare them straight
Make it so that we can ring our tv remotes to find them more easily.
A Federal Holiday in September all about preparing to vote. You register or help someone else register. You put it on your calendar. You learn where your polling place is and how you will get there. You learn about the candidates on your ballot, their positions and their track record.
Restore hearing
Include Sex Ed in porn
Make an app that claims to deactivate microchips, market it to people that refuse to get tested/vaccinated because of microchip fears.
Use CRISPR to remove the Neanderthal DNA linked to COVID-19 susceptibility from future children to create a new generation of people resistant to COVID-19.
Keyboards with braille marks
Instead of forcing everyone to stay at home, allocate each group of people a timeslot to go outside and do their thing. Likewise, for restaurants and places of gathering, only allow a certain number of people inside or allow entry only via reservation.
Holiday idea
Contact Golf
Name serial killers something ridiculous vs. intriguing and edgy
VR School classrooms.
Do you think it is a ethically good idea, to ask for donations (go fund me) to fund a “clinical study” to find and document scientific evidence that backs my 7 anecdotal life hack ideas?
We need a Modern Family Quarantine Special
A live concert streaming service. Like YouTube tv or sling but for concerts. All professionally recorded.
"The Thots That Count"... my new educational show hosted by reformed prostitutes-turned math professors
A Possible Scenario for the Extinction of the Human Race:
Someone should buy the contact information of the users of scumbag companies willing to sell the info and tell the people who sold them out.
% based tickets or fines
Alcoholic drinks should have a minus star health rating
Tesla should ping car owners with an oil change notification on April Fools
Invest in 100 realistic looking fake human skulls and hide them in the bushes around your neighborhood to make things more interesting for the next decade.
Reset the upvote count on all comments to 1 every hour so people from the front page can have a chance at conversation on highly upvoted posts
Reddit should have a "sort by new" option inside every post
A movie about a gorilla who finds a shotgun and goes on a Rambo style spree killing poachers
My latest invention is "TruthPaste": a sodium pentothal-infused toothpaste that renders the user incapable of lying for 4 hours.
Create a common enemy by making everyone pissed off by nationally requiring that all dogs wear masks to be outside
A Reddit award that allows you to take away someone's Reddit award now. Call it a "Poison Mushroom."
Crack, but healthy
Gather a few hundred quality memes, pay royalties to the cretors if you have to, and publish them in a book.
A signifier for a genuine question like we have for sarcasm (/s)
Add a day to weekends for every X years of employment until all days are "weekends" (retired)
An “invert bubble” option that flips all your liberal news to fox news stories and vice versa so we can see both sides of the story at any time.
A new temperature system that's just Celsius doubled (0ºC=0º, 20ºC=40º, 100ºC=200º)
Be a cattle farmer and only feed your cows Beyond Burgers
The US government should permanently eliminate interest from student loans
Look mother fuckers. If you don't donate to Australia, I, a huge fat man, will take many nude pictures and force them into your reddit messages, facebook feed, Instagram pictures, and email. 10$ per picture avoided. Must send proof.
Since kids love to build things and grownups do not, every IKEA store should have a daycare center where the kids work for 10-12 hours per day assembling furniture in exchange for cookies and juice.
A Tangled reboot, but instead of hair, lots of teeth
An option for iPhone to arrange apps by most used. Most used get put on the front page, less used on the next page and so on.
Russian doll toilet rolls
NBA players should emulate the playoffs by playing a tournament of NBA2k from their homes.
A movie where all of the sound effects and score are a cappella vocals
If wet labs are replaced by virtual labs next year in colleges, professors should flash a really bright light randomly to demonstrate the dangers of working in a lab and emphasize the importance of wearing safety goggles.
Left-hand mode for your phone that switches all the buttons and options to the opposite side for easier access
A merging of virtual reality and science.
Make the terms for US President and Vice President staggered by two years and they are not allowed to be from the same party.
Everyone should join this subreddit for no reason
A service where you can pay money to deduct money from someone's acount
People who show their mental illnesses in full display during a 'public freakout' belong on a list. Similar to that of registered sex offenders. We deserve to know where the headcases are within proximity.
A Big Bang Theory spin-off called Bad Penny
Manufacturers of consoles, GPUs and other electronics that sell out immediately should auction all their supply instead of letting scalpers take the margin.
Random Thought
Isekai anime but the protagonist is a Mormon missionary
A stationary motorcycle
A tunnel under the Baltic sea to connect North America with Asia.
If blood banks are “critically low” on blood, perhaps now would be a good time to END the homophobic ban on gay blood!
Open source Dating app that lives only in its user's computers and phones and shows a map of approximate locations. You can go out and ask anyone in the nearby area out.
Each month we could vote for the craziest idea in this subreddit and try to apply it for real.
Instead of making new laws, how about we just start enforcing the laws we already have?
Human to Human Trust Score Model
Girls inherit their mom's last name and boys inherit their dad's last name.Everyone is afraid of the future robots gaining intelligence and being self conscious, but what if we ARE the robots?
Put juries behind one-way glass so that they can’t see the defendant, witnesses or lawyers.
The USA changes its name to the “United States of (all the states)”
I want to have Ricky Gervais record my voicemail greeting, it’ll just say “You’re an idiot, leave a message.”
refillable floss containers
A reality show in which teams or individuals compete against each other to invent the best machine to accomplish a particular problem provided by the hosts.
What if as riders, Uber had us choose between being classified as an extrovert (talk to me) or introvert (probably just music or stay quiet)? Maybe even other personality labels if useful.
The US should assign half its reserve military to helping out INTERPOL, since it insists on being the world police anyway.
A live action Rugrats Action/comedy for the generation that grew up with it... i.e. not kids.
Make "Goy/Goyim" the next N word
MS votes democrat
Boycott Tiktok. No really. Do it.
Searching for Business Partners and Team Members that want to build sth
If you're a former addict, there should be an option to remove ads on YouTube that may be a vice for you
Give your pets human names, and your kids pet names.
Walk up to a Tesla charger at night while two or three people are charging and have a remote controlled high lumen flashlight inside of a gasoline can in the off position and pick up the charger with an ignited sparkler at the end while you "fill" the tank, and then turn the light on inside the tank
Reddit is a massive sentient network of very fast (and slow) fax machines.
All road construction and maintenance should occur all at once every ten years
Instead of a second ad, YouTube shows you 15 seconds of a little known YouTube channel
Maybe Russia and Saudi Arabia are only pretending to be in a price war for the plausible deniability that it has nothing to do with the mutually beneficial goal of destroying US energy independence.
Congress should be paid out of budget surpluses and not the general treasury.
Make disabled people eligible for the draft and have them remotely pilot drones
All voters must pass a civics exam before every major election cycle.
Reddit should run their moderator bots while you prepare your post so you know immediately you haven't respected a rule avoiding your post to be deleted later on.
2020 Election
Select a president and his administration like we do a jury and jury foreman and let everyday people who don't owe favors decide what's best.
An app that shows you how much you saved by not buying things.
We start a conspiracy that tinfoil gives you brain tumors so paranoid conspiracy theorists throw them away and we can actually start spying on their thoughts again!
Biden is the new right and now the left has something to work with.
Pay reparations in vote-able, sellable stock in long-existing private sector corporations.
A TV show that's a mix between the Office and Survivor where the employees vote off the 20% of the staff they dislike most. Alliances form, fights ensue, and the audience all gets to watch the Karens and fish microwavers be fired.
An app that lets you take all your MP4 files &amp; catalogue them into a "TV channel." No more deciding what to watch, just open the app, choose a channel/playlist and watch whatever shows is on, will continue playing. No rewind, no fast forward, just sit back and chill
Reddit and geocaching can do a collaboration where certain geocaches grant upon being found
Free month of Netflix but for the whole world
Edible plates
COVID 19 open data to help National Health Service
we should be able to look up "mix(year)" on spotify and get a mix of the songs you listened to most in that year
HP Omen-15 Best Laptop
There should be a law that allows people to take some days off for the loss of their pet
A dating app like Tinder where the gender ratio is purposefully skewed in favor of females
Invent time travel so you can go back in time and be racist to dinosaurs.
I can out roast any of you fuckers so take ya shot
A stereotypical death metal band: fast-paced drums, tremolo picking, shrieking vocals, corpse paint makeup, gory album cover art, extreme live shows, the works. But their songs are all about eating your vegetables, cleaning your room, being courteous to others, etc.
Instead of the TV program Big Brother, have a show called Big Sister - where she tells you off all the time &amp; dresses you up in dolls clothes
Make it illegal for the US military to hand down military equipment and supplies to local police departments so that they resemble the community they police instead of an army.
Add more blue Jolly Ranchers to the damn bag.
stoping psychopaths into becoming a part of our society where they can be idealised as leaders.
Give me your credit card number
A spork that can extend and then unfold an umbrella
A democratic monarchy, one in which the people choose which child of the previous monarch will inherit the throne.
Chips and a smear free screen? Hell yeah!
Put a top hat on the North Pole.
Make wetsuits in colors other than black the norm so humans don't look like seals in the water
you go to a proctologist office and find the doctor is an alien
Set up an unarmed alternative to the police force for Americans to call so they don't have to deal with accidental shootings for routine stuff. Give them their own number like 912
A chicken sandwich food truck that only operates in a Chick-Fil-A parking lot on Sundays.
Remember to search, “Why is my pee red?” At 1pm est
Netflix can have a section for interesting experimental content that is not yet ready for mainstream, similar to Google labs.
Vape shop in Cape Canaveral FL named Vape Canaveral
Couples should fuse their surnames when they get married
Instead of tear gas, the police should just breed very very low quality shit weed and smoke the protesters to calm them down
Full send all the time! (sort of)
Add a mute to incoming message for x amount of time, after receiving a message (sms, messenger etc)
There should be a YouTube channel called Mox that makes Vox style videos that are supposed to be joke videos.
agree with many random strangers to only vote third-party if a majority of voters also agree but if less agree than you all vote however you want, so we dont have to vote against either of the 2 main parties to stop the other from winning
A movie about The Cranberries with Kristin Stewart casted as Dolores O'Riordan
Je fais un casse-tête à 3000€ !
Netflix should bring back the entire series of futurama for the lockdown.
Create a very biased media outlet that includes reporters from the far-left and-far right so as you watch it you can get both sides to a story.
Bad boy bad boy, what u gonna do
a full body suit made of pieces of potatos with holes cut in them and tied together by string
Zero G flight + MMA = either badass weightless combat testing the fighter's adaptability or extreme goofiness
free earn
Someone should make a giant cut of all the best war movies to show a bunch of different perspectives (like The Darkest Hour, Dunkirk etc)
Legalise murder
Parent Insurance: You pay for it yearly like any other insurance, and if something were to happen to you and the missus, another parent will take your child as their own. The insurance will either find a professional or an adopting family to leave your child in loving hands.
Naked and afraid but in the middle of a cornfield!
A car that is soft and cushiony from the outside so that there is more padding and protection if it hits something.
Cursed idea: AI-generated video advertisements.
Plague Inc. should add the corona virus as an infection to spread
If websites and Ad companies are taking our data, they might as well stop advertising certain things once they see that we have purchased it
A movie about a guy that digs up dead bodies and has sex with them, but the movie portrays is as a cool crime like pulling off a heist.
Every time the President makes a statement that is false, he is stripped naked and slapped on national television by a man or woman dressed as a clown. (#inclusion)
With COVID-19 Affecting The Tv And Film Industry, Why Not Get Actors On Skype And Pay Them To Act Out Fan Fiction Stories?
UP_AGREE, UP_DISAGREE, and DOWN voting.
Restart the calendar at year 0, at the end of the pandemic. B.C. now stands for 'Before COVID' and A.D. stands for 'After Doomsday'.
Anime
Technically since you don't vote directly, only vote to statistically advice state representatives who often vote with the majority, there is no legal effect of your vote, so technically it's legal for monkeys and kids to vote. Try it.
Make law degrees required for cops
Replace the Confederate statues with statues of ToeJam and Earl. Everybody's happy.
A website dedicated to providing the whole story (hopefully unbiased) on who is "canceled" and why.
Mail-Order Bridesmaids
Gamers please share this and help get the Apex Legends Devs to start listening to the people!!!
Permanently censor r/Crazy Ideas on reddit, it's a crazy idea to do that and it would end all the crazy ideas that have been around since the start of the subreddit.
Karaoke bar where all the singers are masked
A reality show about raising and selling exotic birds
Zombie apocalypse theme park
Instead of introducing your souse as your partner, introduce as your sex-haver.
If women photoshopped male nipples onto theirs, they could post boobs on social media without getting censored.
A website where people submit their idea for "x" in 100 characters or less. Ideas are grouped by category and ranked by most upvoted.
Instead of awards, Reddit should just allow you to link your PayPal account to your Reddit account and allow you to send the other Redditor the money you would have used on the award
A news channel like CNN except it only talks about things that didn't happen.
at 12 AM est (or 4pm GMT for me) at march 17th spam Joe biden's twitter account with "survive until 6AM"
A Spanish version of this subreddit
A universal absolute cap on an individual’s net worth. Any excess goes back into the system (healthcare, education, infrastructure etc). Nobody needs billions.
Infect everyone with the common cold
“Petty Cash”
Russian roulette prison punishment
A D&amp;D oneshot where everyone rolls a d20 to determine level.
Overly Realistic Metal Gear
Breed crane flies and sell them as cat toys
Teach Senior Citizens Photoshop for Propaganda Purposes.
If a bigger push was made towards letting everyone on the internet know that not everything on social media is real, would it take the culture of fake news in a better direction?
Lovecraftian glory hole
A button on Bing to filter out non-adult content
Body cams for law enforcement that automatically activate when they draw their weapons.
A movie in the spirit of Idiocracy about the life of Jesus, but he's a master illusionist who stages all the miracles in order to convince primitive, superstitious people to listen to his message. The climactic final scene is where he hires a bunch of his Roman buddies to stage the crucifixion.
Attempt to marry a corporation to protest the ruling that corporations are people.
There should be an option to disable awards on a submitted post
A car horn that can be programmed to make any sound or say any phrase. You can store multiple options so you can have a nice horn and a $!@* horn.
Rename The Bearstain Bears To "The Bearstoin Bears" and "The Bearstuin Bears" To Further Mess with People
Nationalize the lottery
A global travel show that does each episode in the local language only.
Okay so I think I found a way to survive the toilet paper outages...
iPhone should have some fester to group text messages into folders
talking to someone once should not give them the ability to have 10000 robocallers call you for years after that with no ability to identify them since they make up a new number each time
all seniors fart in a jar, and they pick a freshman, once those freshman graduate they have to smell the jar of the person that picked them, they then fart in a jar and pick a freshman.
Recapture cels from an old anime using modern technology
D.A.R.E should invite actively high crackheads to join their presentations
Let's start saying "nice" for the number 74 instead of 69, and then just never explain it.
Turn-based RPG in the style of classic Hanna-Barbera cartoons
As Tinder struggles due to social distancing, there is tremendous profit potential in tapping in to a customer base that has already contracted Covid-19, built up antibodies and wants to hook up... CoronaOnly.com
Question for those wiser than I
A sub where you can post anything, and commenters recommend an appropriate sub for it.
Send a copy of The Big Short back to 2006
A Happy Gilmore “shared universe” movie wherein a mediocre golfer makes it onto an NHL team and wins the Stanley Cup
A dating site where the sole purpose is to critique the other person and help them improve their dating skills(while they also criticize you)
A content creator can turn off monetization on copyright claimed videos.
App where all you do is press random buttons
Movie or TV series
All Democrats pledge to enact sweeping foster / adoption system reform and limit the criteria for abortions for just 4 - 6 years and virtually all extremist GOP would be voted out of office.
Neurons In Chip Implants.
Pumpkin Milk
A glam rock/pop rock cinematic universe, within the context of Bohemian Rhapsody and Rocketman
And organized campaign where we force SNL to have Weird Al host an episode.
Aside from the 'Upvote' and 'downvote' button, there should also be a 'I don't give a fuck' button on Reddit.
Rich people should invest in poor people. You use your resources and connections to help them focus on education and get them cushy jobs and, in exchange, they give you part of their salary.
Scientists and other higher intellect professions that constantly learn and innovate aren’t allowed distractions.
When it's safe to be in theaters, re-release all the stuff that had to be moved to streaming-only as everyone benefits
What if we used Depleted Uranium in Beyblades to make them much more heavier while retaining the same overall size?
Before bed listen to something intelligent at 2x speed for 30 minutes.
Create a drug that increases the size of your butt.
Since women overwhelmingly vote for socialists, we should create gulags just for them and redistribute their reproductive property to less fortunate men
People doing chemoterapy could cut their own hair before it falls out and make a wig for them
Human Centipede 4D. A fake movie where everyone who attends the premiere is gassed unconscious then sewn into an actual Human Centipede. Coming 2022.
Install noise detectors at traffic lights to weed out distracted drivers
DC should end their universe... for a few decades
Get a job as a house
As long as Neopets is still hanging onto dear life, they should have GameFreak buy it and incorporate it into the Pokémon canon
Let's start calling New York "Nork".
Give massive fines to anyone declared positive to the covid19 - exept for essential workers
Go to random Reddit posts and comment: “This is also true of people from New Jersey.”
A sober driver derive company where they drive your car instead of their ownWhat if your Dimsum selection tells you what your Cantonese name could be
There should be meteor animation to the dino game when it connects to the internet. Cr:u/superfan62
Let’s use this quarantine time to become our best selves! Exercise, read, self-reflect, cook, make art, etc. When we reunite with people, we can show them that we DID something and didn’t just watch Netflix.
A game with a time travel plot that uses previous save files as time travel checkpoints
"Voluntary Communism". When doing taxes, people are allowed to contribute as much money as they want to a central fund which is then distributed equally among all adults in the country throughout the coming year.
Cars that automatically unlock and open the doors when the airbags deploy
The Sopranos but its in Ancient Rome.
A little gyroscope device you clamp on your bicycle handlebars or wheel which can keep you bicycle from falling over, and then it follows your phone so you can have your bike just follow you walking or whatever
Change the laws of physics so people only go to hell when they want to be in hell instead of based on the goodness or evilness of their actions and motives
Should make a flair system on the r/CoronaVirus sub that spreads to anyone who comments on an infected post, but only shows up after a week
If lots of people donate to the USPS, we could get mail moving again without bringing the government into it.
Take one of Michael Jackson’s hairs or DNA and clone him, then dangle him over a balcony when he’s a baby.
Proud Boys counter protest group named Pride Boys
Hold sex strikes to overturn abortion restrictions
In the Olympics, each country chooses one athlete who competes in all the individual events. The individual/country with the most points wins the platinum medal.
Rename coronavirus after the leaders in countries with the most deaths
Restaurants should give customers a discount for take out orders to encourage people to eat at home and slow the spread of the coronavirus.
A Martin Scorsese-style gangster film but it's a bunch of dudes pedaling Bibles and Porn in North Korea.
Make COVID19 Vaccine Scar Something Cool like an Anchor
Let's pretend its christmas and put our decorations upKenny Rogers face left this planet years ago
Rename r/tipofmypenis to r/tipofmytip
A “rainbow book” describing the different countries a gay couple can and can't safely travel to.Create an app that has downloaded and copied version of apps and sell them for free. Put some advertising in, and boom, 100k every week
A debate but common arguments are banned so it's people trying to argue unconventionally
Instead of traditional advertising, corporations build and fund hospitals, schools, and job training centers and give them to municipalities and nonprofits to run. They get branding and real goodwill; people get essential services and less ads.
How to fix the government
all protestors wear PRESS badges...Spartacus style
Instead of tear gas store up our farts and call it rear gas!
A game mechanic where if you are strong enough, you can break open the chest, but will reap less reward.
NanoPaper
Amish aren’t actually people they’re government operated androids. Their farming lifestyle keeps them out of the media and therefore they can act in silence. To keep up the facade they allow humans to join the community, but they all run on a hive mind, and so never have to tell the humans the truth
Make a 'What's your Waluigi name?' online quiz and just have people enter their name and put 'Wa' in front of it.
Microsoft Surface Go Pentium Gold Laptop
A show where you hunt down tourists, hosted by Bear Grylls
We should round up all the flat earth believers and send them over the edge of the earth.
A wrist wallet sleeve
Fleshlight should release a toy that has a USB, and generates electricity from your movement.
Pencils with a way to length the eraser
Why don't TV networks just have a bunch of shows where different hosts randomly renovate shitty houses?
Hire snitches to procure stitches, then sell those stitches &amp; get rich as Daddy Warbucks."Surgeon General"- my new action series about one man... with two important-ass careers
Phone Alert Notification Volume based on Ambient Noise Levels
A website like those snow day calculators but instead show the chance of your college cancelling due to coronavirus.
Give everyone an hour off work every friday to listen to and vote for the weeks issues for their region.
The president of the USA should be required to undergo random drug-screen tea
The world is currently an Anarchist state. But most people choose to be subservient to the social order that they are most accustomed to
Create a Contagious Virus to Kill Cancer
Put down the chainsaw and listen to me.
We launch fireworks on July 4th. On January 4th, we should launch reverse fireworks. Instead of being launched from the ground into the air, they'll be launched from aircraft onto the ground.
Reverse surprise party, where none of the guests know they're going to a party until they get there
Someone should turn pennies into reusable copper straws.
/r/Redditjail where people who committed a "crime" on the site go until their "sentence" is served. They can't post, PM or comment on any other sub but that one and any attempt to circumnavigate to any other part of Reddit will redirect them to /r/redditjail
Make Political Office Like Jury Duty
Cross a parrot with a crow to get a Crowrot or a Parrot. It would be this very smart flying bird who outsmarts all of us all the time. But at least it would be beautiful.
All presidential candidates have their identity hidden until elected.
Youtube Tetriz
Two films that take place at the exact same time in the exact same place but have no other connection whatsoever
Every government employee must be paid no more than the minimum wage
A restaurant where everything is refered to in past tense
Pushing 3D Printing to the max
What about Reddit Awards that mock the post?
Corona Starvation Diet
When meeting people for the first time, you should be able to give them a card that says "This is why I'm fucked up and why you'll find me odd".
Cut off your hands to prevent the spread of viruses and germs.
Reality show similar to married at first sight but the match makers are astrologers and pair them based off their natal charts
A store specifically for meme wear meme shirts meme hoodies idk just an idea I had😂
The ability to vote to take away human rights from those that don’t deserve them.
Large businesses and attractions should move to states like Idaho/Wyoming/Montana to promote tourism and migration
R-Rated Pokemon movie that explores unspoken but important topics such as eating or sexing pokemon
Creative Crazy
A New social media platform that promotes positive mental and physical health
A Volbeat cover band named Illumise
Have Mike Bloomberg and Donald Trump fight to the death
lights and especially night lights that don't go off all the way
Video idea: a parkour artist followed by baby goats
If you’re diagnosed with a terminal disease, run up as much debt as you can and gift all your possessions to your loved ones before you die.Task manager: If every conversation is aimed to have a conclusion(or an action item) why not have a task manager built in workplace chat tools like. Microsoft teams, slack etc.
We all know corporations control our government, so why not let corporations control all government bodies so it would be like a consumer situation of pick and choose which country you want to pay the premium to live in.
Why is the right tit always bigger?
We should have every event of 2020 quarantine related.
Paper money should have a blank "Pay to the Order Of" line. If filled out, the bill becomes a money order payable only to the payee.
A Powerball lottery where everyone who buys a ticket wins $1 million, but they have to count to a million out loud before they can cash the cheque.
No elected official should be allowed to campaign for reelection. They should be reelected or removed from office based on their work in Office.
Instead of wearing a mask, wear pants for once and only pee in the toilet
A restaurant that only cooks weed-infused dishes and desserts
Stuffed animals with poison in them so you can give it as a gift and say "hey, it's got poison in it so don't just give it to your dog and let the dog destroy my gift"
Make it socially acceptable to pick boogers and throw at the person you don't like.
I figured out how they can save the Aunt Jemima brand
A subreddit like r/askouija, but you play the game "Ghost". Losers must delete their profiles.
Buildings with huge multi-story atriums should install "art installations" that are really just really tall ladders supported by guy wires, with a little crow's nest at the top. Let people sign a waiver, strap on a harness, and climb up there.
We should call annoyingly woke people wokies
What if there was a Reddit (or any social media) account where the password was “password”, everybody knew about it and could log in and share whatever, and there was no option of deleting the account
Was this idea OTT and doomed - trip down the rabbit hole.
Mower-conditioner-Tedder and a rake-baler
Since people with no wealth have to make money by working to survive, there should be a maximum wealth were you are not allowed to make money base off of life expectancy.
We all boycott streaming services until they give us the episodes of shows that they pulled from their services. They can’t take a hit like this during a pandemic .
All felons should be killed
Underground homeless shelters.
a stock market that works nomatter what trades anyone does for any reason, like you cant break the laws of physics
Declare a month or two as "Work from home" months.
Judge Judy should be the ultimate authority on the impeachment trial.
Like reddit awards, you can pay to insert a word into someone else's sentence, that appears bright and shiny
Straight people should have to wear visitor badges when entering gay bare
Toilet Paper &amp; Sanitizer Profiteers
Instead of a guy getting 1 girlfriend he gets like 70 and a maid..
Free Giveaways 180000 USD For Everybody At COVID-19 NCOV Event
Do you want to play Online Survivor??
Take a worldwide poll of the worst insects in the world. Then put 10% of all government funding around the world into exterminators to wipe out bugs like cockroaches, mosquitos, bedbugs, and ticks once and for all.
Don't let presidential candidates speak publicly or hold rallies.
MOMENTS IF IT WERE NOT FILMED, NO ONE WOULD BELIEVE!
I should be able to set my Reddit account to auto-accept all NSFW content without warning.
Start posting as many pictures of the mass graves and body piles from Covid-19 to combat the misinformation that the numbers aren’t that big of a deal.
I like comedy shows but can't tolerate laugh tracks!
We should shout at our roommates “Come! Quickly!” grab a bottle of vinegar and a shot glass, pour in the vinegar, shout “For Science!”, and then drink it.
Here's what I'm thinking. Alcohol bottles have an RFID chip and new cars have a connected network that recognizes the code and doesn't allow the car to be driven to prevent drunk driving.
A Doctor Who episode based on the Max Headroom Incident that interrupted a broadcast of Doctor Who.
Rock paper scissors battle royale video game
Creating an artistic persona that's a mix of Lars Vilks and John M. Allegro
Battlebots, but the robots are controlled by AI.
Elton John's fanny pack was the cure for AIDS this entire time.
So What if there was an app able to allow you to rank/list any single piece of fiction/art you have ever experienced, doesn't matter the media/format. Hey dear developer over there? Would you do me this favour, do you have a couple of seconds to spare?
Something to grow
Add an "old" feature to reddit that allows you to see all the oldest posts on reddit.
Create bots for facebook that act like boomers but give them real and credible information
Democrats should register Republican so that in 2024 to ensure Trump loses the Nomination even before the general election.
Youtube should host choose your own adventure videos
Strategic mega-tsunamis aimed at Austrailia to put out the fires.
Package hot dogs and hot dog buns in the same amount
shooting satellites into space using a railgun?
How to Abolish Taxes: the government can treat itself as a self-sufficient, Communist "country within a country."
Nerf speedloaders
Pinocchio, but the nose grows every timeout jerk off.
Crazy Runaway Trains
A scenario or powerup in the game Plague Inc. where the country you infect lies about the deadliness of the virus and how fast it spreads.
A competition where you race to find someone's Facebook profile the fastest given only their Reddit account
Current democracy must die.
Have televisions emit ultraviolet rays so you could get a TV tan
Take the best parts of men’s and women’s clothes and just make all clothes better.
A Virtual Reality headset for blind and deaf people called "Oculus Sniff"
Have a separate wallet with lots of detectable counterfeit money so thieves get caught using it.
A new word called "Postpreterous", used to describe things which are opposite of preposterous.
A song with placeholders for names and dates. So that we can truly dedicate a song to someone and a software would fill in these variables with the Person's Name ensuring that the song stays in tune.
If settlement awards for police brutality came out of their fucking pension and union funds, that problem would disappear overnight.
Revenge YouTube Rewind 2019
Give every person a 15 second view of where they die each year on their birthday.
In NSFW subreddits, you are literally sorting be hot
Send nudes the old fashioned way with antique cameras and wax-sealed envelopes.
With all the hair growing during quarantine with no one to cut it, after quarantine ends we could donate all the hair that is cut to make massive amounts of wigs for cancer patients (and other balding diseases).
I've always wanted to start a YT channel with my friends. Sadly, i don't have the proper equipment. This is a crazy idea but maybe there is a rich person feeling generous today.
The chamberpot should make a comeback.
Build a big enough solar panel in space to cover the sun and power the giant ad on the backside for the sun blocker company that built it.
Virtual Reality Live Feeds of the front row of sporting events and concerts
Soundtracks for books that match your reading speed so that each event in the book has an appropiate song playing when you get to it.
Reddit automatically detects and turns off the backslash escape in comment formatting so this little guy ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ never loses another arm.
A world where us versus them doesn’t exist.
every flight should include a 1 pager in the seat back about the pilot who is at the helm for the flight.
Bus To Trainsan
Gather 6,000 unwashed men, use a tongue scraper to collect oil from their scrotum skin, use the collected oil in a vat to fry fish and chips
Switching back to an app should NEVER reload that app.
Is my website a crazy idea? https://justgirls.net/
A video game where you are a shady Art Curator (Involving Auctioneering, Collecting Art, Shady Dealings, Morality, and A Diriviting Naritive)
All Reddit Gilding needs to be diverted to raising money to fight Corona virus.
nothing new can be thought of
Each of the top 20 major countries in the world donate 20 billion each every 5 or so years to stop world hunger
I would like to build a robot that throws rocks at random people for absolutely no reason.
Click on videos that have perfectly normal titles and thumbnails so video makers make more videos that have titles and thumbnails like that
YouTube should have a feautre that shows how many hours in total you have watched a channel.
Puppet Death Battle: Startler &amp; Waldorf Vs. Tom Servo &amp; Crooooooow
A TV skit where people go to the future, and everything is mostly the same, but the first flying car just came out, it costs the average 10 year salary, and can only travel as far as one side of NYC to the other
The Secret About FBI
To fix politicians being too old bring back duelling.
3D-print a jigsaw puzzle where the pieces are shaped as city voting districts; mail to congressperson challenging them to solve it
Lower the US drinking age to 18 and recompense these damn kids for missing out on things like their freshman years
A weaponized star.
A device or software, that has the ability to automatically mute political ads (or any ads really, a sort of adblocker for television)
Drunk minds think alike
Can’t be the president unless you can do 1 pull-up
Take all the statues that are being torn down and drop them in the ocean
Something lovely
R vs SPSS
A game show where contestants have to answer questions, but they're also locked in a room with a killer.
Reddit should remove NSFW tags since no one is going to work right now.
A wake up alarm that sends your browser history to all your contacts if you don’t wake up quickly enough.
Speed Football: Like a regular game but after each down, there's only 30 seconds to do your best to get in formation for the next play. You can only call out one player per time-out to avoid break loopholes.
Boycott Robinhood for being massive dickheads
Looking for crazy people
Pizza places near clubs remove tomato sauce and put on sour cream or sweet sour sauce and top it with chicken nuggets.
We should install sensors in our sex organs that connect to horn implants in our head that show our levels of sexual excitement.
Just be nice to everyone. Even if they’re not nice to you. I know. Crazy.
R95 respirators are still available, you just have to think outside of Amazon
Garlicbread houses make much more sense than gingerbread houses as a Christmas thing, yet to my knowledge, no one has made a garlic bread house. They're speckled green and dipped in red for Santa's sake.
A minecraft series based entirely on making fully automatic farms, entitled RoboCrop
Make a video on 120 fps and alternate the frames' colors from blue to red. Since the human eye can only see 60 frames per second, some people will see the video as a blue screen and others will see it as a red screen. Count how many days pass before anyone realizes how it works.
allow unlimited immigration except they have to pay double taxes and cant vote or get any government benefits
Stop all efforts to contain invasive species in the US. Promote them instead. Save hundreds of millions of dollars.
Forget making Pluto a planet again-- instead, rename Jupiter "Big Chungus."
Categorize foods by how loud they are to eat, dubbed the Chewy Decimal System.
Instead of voting for Biden everyone write in Bernie
Buy Reddit coins and each day give a platinum coin to the most controversial and opposite posts, then sit back and watch /rPlatinumUserClub turn into shit fight.
Make all bathroom doors open outwards when walking in. That way, after you’ve washed your hands, you can push the door with your elbow or even shoe if there’s no handle.
/r/onlysmartquestions
Make a sequel to forrest gump, where he finds another lover, and has a kid, his kid experiences all of history up to today.
What if Australia Went First...
High Heel Heelys
What if we change what it means to "do our taxes" each year to mean deciding where the money goes?
Petition to call next year 2020 and start again. We don’t need to remember this year
A dating app, but different. This one will match people just based on what they order at Starbucks. Male vanilla latte seeking female strawberry mango smoothie with coconut milk. It'll be wild.
A Word You Should Never Tell Your Kids
Besides your typical real or virtual walk-through, for large subdivisions where every house is the same, realtors should display physical dollhouse versions of the houses for people to rollplay with. Include little dolls with varying hair and skin colors to match each potential buyer.
Whoever’s in charge of “official proper formal English” should add some singular neuter pronouns so we don’t have to say “he/she” or “they— no I’m not talking about multiple people” anymore.
Making school fun through gamification with a unique superhero twist! Don't let this flop if you think learning through stories like this would be fun.
**merge**
Make Covid 19 Fun Again!
Now that everyone is inside we should turn off all the city lights so that we can see the stars.
Journalists should ask insultingly dumb questions when the interviewee complains about their questions
Rap battles, but with compliments instead of insults.
make the 89th day of the year “calamity day”
Capsaicin infused hand soap or lotion to reinforce not touching if your eyes nose or mouth
Start referring to gender reveal parties as “fetus sexing” parties so people have to acknowledge how weird they are
Microsoft Air Traffic Controller Simulator
Retcon it so that the divergence between Star Wars Legends and Disney’s Star Wars is the choice of ending in the first Knights of the Old Republic.
Use the search function to discover that "take money from someone and give it to someone else" is not a new idea.
Make the final Yo Mama joke an encoded message starting off an elaborate, months-long Cicada 3301-type ARG
A movie called “Frontline” where all of the promotional material and trailers make it seem like a movie about War, but it ends up being about frontline workers in 2020.
Drinking water taps/containers in every room of the house.
Domesticated Penguins meat for new global trend in 2021
We've all heard the "censor female nipples with male nipples" idea, but how about surgically replacing female nipples with male nipples to televise them?
Pistachio butter
All phone companies and car companies should start making masks and respirators in lieu of the current situation
Subreddit moderators receive a fraction of the gold anyone in their subreddit gives anyone. Only that income can be re-exchanged into real money
We should build a Black Mirror Inspired Theme Park
Go pick up a member of an uncontacted tribe, sedate him, transport him to the middle of Times Square, wake him up and see what happens
If the point of the USA stimulus package was to well stimulate the economy they should have given prepaid gift cards with a 4-6 month expiration date.
They say that if you took all the wealth in America and redistributed it evenly, within just a few years the rich would be rich again and the poor would be poor again. Let's test that hypothesis.
If an interview last an hour or longer it should we should get paid for it...
China could have created corona virus on purpose
To finally end the inequality, everyone gets a womb installed or rerouted up they're butt at birth.
Thought
Cars that let you drive in third person like video games
Reset records and competitors run barefoot and swim naked.
I propose the invention of a video sharing app that exclusively shows goats doing goatly things and we call the app: Goat.ly
Start calling Easter eggs in horror movie Jack-o'-lanterns.
The purge but for reddit
Please support me!
Hear me out... a blog but just videos. We call it Blogio. What do y’all think?
We have to find a footage of this football game that this black guy was talking about, to find out if they really had them in the first half and if he's not gonna lie us.
Start making motorcycles with a reverse gear. It wouldn't be at all practical, but we'd get a whole lot of new videos of people attempting a lot of crazy new stunts (and often failing).
A place that could legally link up people who want to die with people who want to kill
Make entire cities party grounds for 3 days when school and college starts again.
Replacing statue of Christopher columbus with great Chiefs of certain tribes.
Relationship Advice support groups/dating site
Goals to be achieved | money
Raise taxes by allowing people to place bets on the outcomes of court cases.
CRAZY IDEA
If you are having people over for Thanksgiving, post your wifi password in visible places and block Facebook and Instagram's DNS on your router.
He who eats cheese puffs has orange penis.
A TV series shot entirely in portrait mode. Viewers need to turn their TV sideways to watch it.
Blank page number in PDF file itself to synchronize with the page numbers in the scanned document
Creating rain
Install mini toilet-bowl like mechanisms in shower drains, so you can flush down hair clogs.
A tax on fast-food that goes to fund foodshelves.
Pump fart gas everywhere to make people want to wear their mask...
Rebrand Second Life as a workplace emulator and sell it to corporations for more realistic remote work
If everyone on the planet just agreed to go back to a system without money then all the rich people will be just like us....
Create a second whitehouse in case the occupant of the main whitehouse doesn't leave when landlord (the voting process) tells them to
Wear A Mask Or Go To Jail! Crazy, I Know!
Start a peanut butter company named Gif, wait for the inevitable lawsuit, let a court of law decide the pronunciation once and for all.
A 90s nostalgia tour with Counting Crows, The Black Crowes, and Sheryl Crow
Football players should be forced to save a percentage of their salary so they don't instantly go broke when they turn 35
A restaurant that stinks, but the food is amazing, called the dutch oven.
A website where it finds your doppelganger
The first branch of the unarmed forces
Teach movie stars basic radio procedure. That way they stop saying; ”Over and out.”
Demolition derby for rich people, but instead of cars they use luxury yachts. The winner gets attacked by all the poor people using rafts and grappling hooks.
RGB LED Breast Implants should be a thing.
The term life size should be changed to human size as that is what we really base it off of
After 24hrs you should be able to reupvote something. That's nonexploitable
Any law that nobody has authority to repeal is automatically repealed.
Since sports are cancelled and nobody's growing a playoff beard, men should grow quarantine beards and we'll see how glorious they can get.
Toggle sex scenes button
A butterfly effect law that exonerates people from actions they took after an unlawful/false arrest or prosecution of any kind.
A gritty virtual reality video game where you start as a middle-aged homeless drug addict, &amp; have to raise your status to Rich CEO.
Netflix I’m calling you out
I wish all the world leaders unanimously would confess on April 2 that the coronavirus was an April Fools joke, noone has ever died from it and all the statistics was made up.
Change all social media font to papyrus
​​Create an open-source operating system called THAN, which uses half the resource of RAM, CPU processing power, etc compared to other OS out there- and marketed it as THAN OS.
Your job should pay you for the time you spend waking up/getting ready and travelling to and from work!
Toilet paper companies should advertise at Taco Bell
A cop show where the main character is actively aware of the camera, and what it's looking at, but nobody else knows it's there.
Watch a TV show you've never seen before last episode first and work your way backwatds to the first episode trying to make sense of it.
A browser extension for Amazon that tells you another place to buy the product elsewhere from small businesses that support the environment, diversity and inclusion.
A subreddit "maybemaybemaybemaybemaybe" so you don't get spoiled when you see something on /r/yesyesyesyesno or /r/nonononoyes.
Remake “Rocky Horror Picture Show” with The Muppets.
A robotic arm that automatically smacks the phone off your SO's hand when they try to look at it while you are trying to make them watch your favorite movies.
A wrist watch that keeps track of how much of your life you've wasted on any given task.
Woke-O's The caffeinated breakfast cereal.....Get Woke AF!
I think this joke originated here...
Apple iMac 27-inch All-in-One Pc
Don’t give me 500 dollars
A fresh underwear bulk delivery services
Okay heres a crazy idea
How do I find out if my crazy idea is original?
Psychiatrists don’t actually prescribe actual medications they are just placebos so strong that the user simply gets better with calcium tablets
Making a VR game that interacts with pokemon/yugioh/magic cards for awesome battling.
A deadpool movie, where deadpool is trying to convince marvel to bring his cartoon back.
Second Comment Page
Fatten your thumbs with cosmetic implants.
Remember those characters made of felt they would use in Sunday school to teach Bible stories? Like that but porn.
Make the PUSA a non-partisan seat.
An HBO show called Trillions where they take plots from Billions and show it from a FED perspective
Have multi-person boxing matches.
Someone should produce a “rich house poor house” style tv show where politicians have to live like their poorest constituents.
An app that gives the general plot of a movie and it’s talking points so you can talk to someone about it without having watched it
Squeeze the left and right sides of your steering wheel, and it takes a screenshot of the view through your windshield.
Crazy Idea: Projecting the word "Sucks" onto a church of Scientology
Get a US flag tattooed on your chest. If a republican shoots you in the chest, they just damaged a US flag.
To Catch a Predator - Celebrity Edition
Crashing the stock market might not be a good idea...
Someone should go around and guild completely random comments and posts.
Tinder but for dogs or cats you want to play with.
We Should get Donald Trump to Change the Name of The Department of Defense Back to The Department of War.
A jacket with a QI charger in one of the pockets. Charges phone every time you put it in there.
News websites should have an option to view coronavirus-free news
100 people invest $10k to own a house in 5 years
I think this idea could revolutionize the music/event industryAn easy way to see prior interactions with a redditor user. Upvoted comments, comment replies, messages etc.
A crematorium service that will launch your corpse into the sun for 15 grand.
Pornhub should have a subsection of videos that teaches sex Ed or like professional sex tutorial videos
Hi all! I hope that this study video will help you to stay motivated and will help you to avoid using social media while studying :) Do your best today!
I demand video proof from The Mac Shop that it was Hunter Biden who dropped off his laptops.
Give reactions to reaction videos.
A movie about Sommelier Pirates.
Go to multiple restaurants that have a line in peak hours, get tickets for tables up to 3 and 4, sell them to late and impatient groups of people for 3 to 4 usd
Police procedural TV series about the elite United States Postal Service SWAT team
Drugs
Beddit
What if Bezos left his fortune to the tribes of the Amazon?
The Real Cost would be more successful if they made an entire horror movie, instead of 5 second ads with one piece of information for every 500 you see
Instead of mandatory military service you must have option to volunteer for Red Cross or just other organizations where you can help with ecology or poverty problems.
A website to watch videos with a livestreamer.
A Titty Mousepad that you can change the picture
Let people have time off work to spend with their family in their prime during their thirties, instead of having to wait until they retire, are less fit and their children are grown up.
Curing Coronavirus by injecting disinfectants into your body
Let’s start a bank run and get back at those a**holes for ‘08
A parody of Tupac's "Picture Me Rollin" called "Picture Me Stroking"
A hotel version of a cat café, where a pet shelter and a hotel work together to allow a customer to select a cat to bring to their hotel room to hang out with during their stay
Reddit's bully culture has to change.
A car that is driven by a joystick
Skit where a hip-hop hype man keeps yelling "what!" because he genuinely can't hear the artist.
Don’t put the clocks back every autumn
A simplified investment app in which large amounts of users invest minuscule amounts of money into startups looking to raise funding. As the startup grows, and begins to make profit, it repays the investors with an additional amount.
Convince conspiracy nuts that the government wants them to STOP wearing a mask because it's a reliable defense against chemtrails
A tv or livestream show called True...... (Political faction)
What if time travel was actually real, but only within your own stream of consciousness. It would explain things like deja vu and how sometimes it feels like we see things that happen in our dreams before they happen in real life.
A debate between two dementia patients: Trump v Biden
Clients talking to support should see the line forming behind them and read their impatience while they bombard support with stupid requests they could do themselves.
Neutron star tennis for bored Demi Gods who like to keep fit
Shutdown the stock market for 2 months. The market is a reflection of the economy, with everything being shut down of course its going to tank. There’s no economy to reflect while everything is shut down. Also, provide a bailout to main street, enact a temporary UBI for as long as the shutdown last.
Fishing rod grenade launcher.
Glasses with an image of somebody else's eyes on the lens to confuse the hell out of facial recognition systems.
Everytime Congress gives themselves a raise, they have to raise the minimum wage by the same percentage.
Disguise posts from r/Unexpected as a post from another subreddit
Re-make 'White Chicks' (2004)
Moving to a USA wide payday of Wednesday Morning would be an easy way to improve employee moral.
Disrupt the trillion dollar home/automotive insurance industry with a non-profit credit union business model that treats customers like shareholders and refunds profits to them every quarter.
A fat ugly doctor makes a deal with a woman who otherwise would have no health insurance. He gets all the sex he wants. She gets all the healthcare she wants.
Offer tax breaks for raising wages.
Run for public office with the sole promise that you will do absolutely nothing for your entire term if elected.
My theory solution for covid19(marijuana)
Reddit offering a premium subscription to be able to read removed or deleted comments
Door push handles at the floor of the door instead of the middle of the door
Take the tech we've developed for touchless car washes and apply it to handwashing sinks. Maybe no hot wax though.
catch drug addicts by offering all the free drugs they want during their first month in prison if they just walk in and start using such free drugs in their cell or rehab or whatever happens
A soundproof baby stroller
Start getting to Costco early for a good spot in line and sell the spot off to the highest bidder...
Rather then shooting pellets and smoke gas, the police should just burn weed,
Presidential candidates should be tested in a Kobayashi Maru simulation viewable by the public.
A cooperative venture capital firm that only funds startups that are founded by socialists
An organisation of doctors in the USA dedicated to the ethical treatment of patients giving affordable medical care without insurance companies.
Send friend requests to every single "You might know this person" suggestion in Facebook.
Have a worldwide party after the COVID-19 pandemic.
Create a sub for crazy ideas but only upvote sincere ideas that aren't that crazy
The color of your tongue can tell about your health
Change the name of Reddit coins to creddit.
Start a podcast to talk about how much you loved cheating on your girlfriends throughout the years and name it the “Call him baby” podcast
Amazon should offer a lucky dip service where you choose how much you want to spend, and then they send you something completely at random that’s on sale for that price
If youre writing a hateful comment on reddit, instead take your computer and phone, and throw it away because hateful people don't deserve to access the internet.
Have the first few rounds of a cop’s magazine be non-lethal rounds
If I cut off the tips of my fingers and toes, I would never again have to worry about clipping my nails. Also, I could never be identified by my fingerprints.
Once movies have broken even should they all be released on the internet, free to watch, and only driven by advertisements.
I’m so glad i found this sub, i have so many ideas
Just quarantine the entire world for 14 days and coronavirus will be gone
A certain portion of each presdential candidate’s campaign funds raised should go to a lottery pool, and every person who votes gets a lottery ticket.
Someone on Donald Trump's staff should convince him to wear a Darth Vador helmet in stead of a face mask......" You will look more powerful my Lord!"
Morgues and hospitals should televise the dead bodies caused by coronavirus on children television networks. No make-up, no censoring.
How to survive quarantine and make that 5G money with free labor
On every city/county police department site, live stream all bodycam footage and open it to public viewing. Then we're done with police brutality and corruption for good.
A basketball league with a maximum height limit of 5’ 9”
Expend territorial rights indefinitely upwards, always in reference to Earth.
A dance club named "Mitch's Grave".
Giving cattle prods to the last twenty runners in a marathon that they can use on anyone they pass.
Is Reddit now using algorithms related to post exposure in order to drive maximum engagement and conditioning of users?
In lieu of reparations, a reverse credit scoring system
A website where you can look up the total costs of products from any specific store by entering the total amount you would pay + taxes.
Award "the Wuhan guy who ate the bats" the "Time's Person Of The Year" of 2020
Pay a little extra and get Netflix for another region in your region.
No income tax on all minimum wage earnings
Milk spray to counteract pepper spray.
Bracelets you can shoot mace out of, so not only do you not get raped but you feel like Spider-Man as well.
Instead of freemium pay to win games, a game that's so easy you finish it in 10 minutes but can pay to lose to make it harder
Starbucks is keeping its stores open during a global pandemic despite pleas from its workers, so instead of appealing to corporate's sense of decency or responsibility, employees should start calling cops on minorities. It might not be right for this sub, because it actually worked last time.
We should give women and minorities the same rights as Islamic majority countries.
Jon Favreau should be president
If you have a low Guns skill in a video game, have all of the information the game gives you on all guns either not be listen or be inaccurate.
Let’s send our police over to Hong Kong to fight the police over there and see which side can out brutalize the other
A vending machine for vending machines!
Summon a crossroads demon and make him give you all the souls that die from then on.
Start a non-profit insurance company
Hollowing out your toenails for secret compartments
Remake the Terminator movies with a different mission. Instead of killing people to disrupt what is happening in the future, they interrupt the parent's coitus.
Start a charity that provides funds for lower income homes. The charity donations all go to a series of accounts in the stock market that produce dividends and reliable income which slowly eliminates the need for funds over time and pays for itself
A subreddit where you can see the posts Redditors started creating but discarded.
Forego awards shows and give all the money that would have been spent on it to Australia
Speaker to attach to your buttocks area to amplify the sound of your farts and records the frequency of your farts per hour, how loud they are, and alerts you if you shit your pants.
Bands should make sick versions of their music so we can sing along better when we're all bunged up.
nicki minaj as nabooru
What if North Korea is a utopian paradise and all of our governments are lying to us?
how about a gas pump that you can control with your phone?
One billionaire funds wikipedia so they never have to ask for donations again.
There should be rage hotlines that have a number for Dems and Reps where you can just vent to a voicemail about how frustrated you are about current politics and the way politicians behave. Also a web link to listen to other voicemails that have been left to hear others sympathize with you.
An insane movie idea
Kirk Lazarus should play T’Challa in the next Black Panther.
AMA with the guy who started the first MAGIC MUSHROOM dispensary in Canada
Making the Celera 500L into a Flying-wing.
Barbecue Sauce scented hand sanitizer.
Reddit as a whole should poll every popular political subreddit with the same question on a particular subject based on current events
Social distance fights without guns should be like 1990's RPGs with somebody rolling dice and taking notes on who's getting their ass whooped.
A dating sim but you can only be a jerk
Able bodied people should only be allowed to drive as many miles as they've walked/biked that week
english is not my first language sorry.
NVIDIA and Sony Can make MORE PROFIT and END Scalpers by Having a Full-Price Preorder System With No Queue Length Limit
Every meme about the Australian bushfires needs a certificate to be posted. Each certificate costs 1$ dollar donated to helping to stop the fires.
New Pandemic Gameshow
"Black Friday" (the shopping day after Thanksgiving) sounds a bit racist so let's start a petition to get it renamed to "Good Friday."
A mask that automatically comes down from your nose when you breathe in, but comes back up when you breath out.
My fiance is letting me tattoo him
Americans actually embody their “land of the free, home of the brave” spiel that they tote so proudly to the rest of the world, and stop their rapid slide into a rogue state dictatorship.
Dating apps should have a Zillow-like feature to show how long someone has been on the market
Cryonical suspended animation as part of lockdown in future pandemics
Sneak onto someone's phone and change their YouTube video playback speed to 1.25x and leave them questioning life
A youtube or a TV series where you get famous death metal guitarists to try and play jazz, and famous jazz guitarists to play death metal
a conspiracy to Occupy Bathrooms to drive up demand for them then sell your place in line
Weed pills. Pills of weed
When it’s hot in the summer... a waterbed that can partially freeze and be a slushy bed
An Uber for shipping.
If the Church of Satan made a satanic Chick-Fil-a that only opened on Sundays, it would do incredibly well.
Cops should have to put a dick in you as a warning shot before putting a bullet in you
Use abandoned Blockbuster locations as a movie-themed Haunted House every Halloween
Start a religion whose core beliefs include equal treatment of minorities as well as employer-provided healthcare and contraception. Sue the snot out of anyone who infringes on your beliefs.
Not necessarily crazy, but there should be a “search by flair option” on reddit
A cooking game show like Guy's Grocery Games but set in a food bank.
We get Brita to manufacture and produce hi-tech synthetic livers with replaceable filters
A Sonic game where you have to go slowly.
a game show where people compete to wear the thinnest shield around their genitals which survives a bullet or a hit by a bat or a kick by a foot or a chainsaw etc
McDonald's should have a cheesburger fast lane
US state boundaries are redrawn every 10 years after the census
Video streaming services should have shuffle and repeat buttons just like music services do.
Battle Royal: How You Say It ~vs~ What You Say
Legalize money laundering
Steal something from the neighbor's front yard, then when he/she goes off to report it, put it back
Change Reddits name to Bluedit
A show called FanCastic where popular fancast ideas shoot scenes from those respective movies
Whenever an argument or fight happens in a sports game the game stops and the 2 players have a boxing match and the winner’s team gets a point, touchdown, goal, run, etc.
CringeCrunch, ok, so what it is is a website where you enter in your reddit username, and it calculates the "cringe value" of your comments and posts and gives you an algorithmic metric on how cringey you are and how you can improve.A smartphone with touchscreens on both sides for easier multitasking.
On April 1, reroute r/aww submissions to r/roastme and vice versa
Build a huge fan in space to cool up the Earth and stop global warming.
If karma is real, I want to come back as my own dog
Dildo with pockets for your keys and was of cash, 1 key per pocket, which doesn't get it dirty, so if you're robbed they won't find it, and it's fun at airports
An AI that argues with people for you.
Scented Name Tags &amp; Company ID's
A tradition for presidential candidates after conceding
When you get a new card from for bank it should come with a fake card to give to potential scammers
If two people send more than 3 "negatively argumentative" comments to each other ( 3 each or something) they automatically get sent to a video chat room to hash it out face-to-face.
Have two flat earthers call each other while on opposite sides of the world and ask them where the sun is.
Wreck yourself without even considering to check yourself first.
A reverse energy drink that helps you fall asleep
A golf tournament with the tee in LA and the Hole in New York. Fewest shots across the entire country wins.If the theory about time lines and time travel is true, what if I were to motivate myself so hard, my future self send a time machine back in time for me to use
dentists become way scarier so people will take better care of their teeth.
A delivery service that takes healthy foods that grocery stores cannot sell and delivers them to people that live in food deserts for a discounted price.
Ghost chess
r/redditinvaders
Close the entire country. Elders and those at higher risk are on full lockdown. Place all healthy young people in a draft to man grocery stores and production lines for essential goods as needed. Keep service persons isolated during “service period”. Beat coronavirus.
A 1,000 hole golf tournament
"Shooting Range" earmuffs turned into high quality noise blocking headphones???
K so imagine. There Cookes a point in time where people are completely reliant on their phones. Adapted and now processed by being apart of the network. But the people in the hills are doing their own thing on farms and carrying on like normal.
To stop the spread of the Corona virus many internet companies give out free subscriptions to their premium service like Netflix to actually give people a reason to stay inside, and limit the spread of the virus.
"Zapruder's"--- a JFK Assassination themed bar and grill.
A sausage party esque secret life of pets movie
There should be a field of study called "Truthnamics" and then each lecture the professor starts off by saying "Listen here you beautiful bitches, I'm about to fuck yall up with some truth"
Airbnb, but you house inmates or prisioners
How to REVITALIZE &amp; REVOLUTIONIZE the way citizens unite and Crowdfund for INDIVIDUAL financial freedom in the amount of 100,000 Cash, simple..
The Bible, but it strictly says it's okay to study everything, so if our society falls and someone rebuilds it using The Bible they don't have another Dark Ages.
If they had the parade in this day and age, and a child asked ’Why is the Emperor wearing no clothes?’They would whisk that child away and put him on pharmaceuticals.While explaining how the child has a rare contagious condition and everyone should stay away lest they get ill and go blind as well
They should make regular human sofas (couches), but with a section replaced with a dog bed so your dog's can sit with you.
agree with many random strangers to only vote third-party if a majority of voters also agree but if less agree then you all vote however you want, so we dont have to vote against either of the 2 main parties to stop the other from winning
The BLM people should start saying "All lives matter" and thus forcing the racist people to say something that is actually racist
A country music video that starts off with real manly men types doing manly man stuff that gets increasingly more homoerotic as the video goes on until it's just shirtless cowboys in leather chaps dryhumping a jacked up F150
A bathroom stall that flushes the toilet when you turn the handle to get out.
unsocial media
A new TV show called LAW CABIN... I have no idea wtf it's about, but it's called LAW CABIN and that's a hell of a start.
Cross posts should only get half the amount of karma as original posts
Upload video of a person dying from COVID-19. Let the world watch a person struggle to take his last breaths, completely isolated and alone as to not risk further infections. Watch the confusion, desperate panic, and greatest fear one could know on the person's face - and then nothing.
A website that two people who know eachother IRL can each enter their reddit usernames into and see if they have ever unknowingly interacted with eachother in the past.
Tim Burton should write and direct a Biopic about himself. Johnny Depp act as Tim Burton AND Johnny Depp.
Flying killing machine !! Drones and 3D printers are readily available ! How long will it take to terrorist and psycopaths to attach a gun or explosives into a drone with remote mechanism and assassinate, blow up buildings or do all kinds or crimes remotely? How can we ever be safe?
Critical Comedy
I came up with a crazy idea to help mitigate social media's harm to our mental health in the form of the LOG OFF movement- come and join me
Making rape legal
Melt the plastic in the Pacific garbage patch down into giant LEGO bricks, and use them to build houses for those who need them.
Appropriate the political oppositions slogan to neutralize it’s efficacy.
Remove the 5 Day Weather option
Instead of actual ads, YouTube replaces it with a clip of a YouTube Channel you may like which you can skip after 5 seconds. You can turn this off too.
Netflix makes 'watch the credits' the default setting on films. Series can stay the same.
Liar Liar 2, starring Donald Trump
An uncensored Netflix
Paw Patrol but instead of saving other animals they stop terrorism and narco trafficking
Make Highschool graduation a driving requirement.
A show like Hoarders but a competition instead of intervention
A filter on eBay/Amazon which enables me to filter by country of origin. For example, China.
Create Reddit accounts run by AIs trained on the content of individual subreddits. Make a sub where they can all post and respond to each other.
Burn your house and blame it on a lobster.
When I was a kid cockroach’s were the heir apparent to the earth.Mankind strove to build a better mousetrap.Eventually, we made AI.Now AI is building a better cockroach
A remake of The Labyrinth.
12 hour debate — VPs included, no moderator
Have the option to burn down entire subreddits
We should have a bracket style tournament where we mix men’s semen together and impregnate the women with the mix. Whoever is the biological father wins and moves on to the next round. In the end we would find who has the fastest sperm out of everybody.
They should have an app that tells you how crowded stores are in real time
My new movie "Drunk Tank", about a sentient, inebriated war machine who recklessly (yet hilariously) destroys everything he encounters.
Preserve and protect life and species on Planet Earth before exploring Other life in the universe.
Netflix should change the “are you still watching” to “are you still awake?”
a kidz bop version of My Neck, My Back, my pussy and my crack
A website that lets a business founder pitch their idea in one sentence in an effort to recruit a small team (in exchange for equity) who then go on to create the business using equity-crowdfunded investors.
Save the Saola
Using surrogates to log into work from home. Preventing traffic, disease spread, and pollution. Using surrogates and/or 3D modeling to populate a VR event.
Find a way to calculate persons age, make them transferable, and allow it to be used as currency.
There should be a contest amongst doctors that has them guess when the coronavirus will end. That way, it will motivate them even more to make their prediction come true.
Remake of Sonic Adventure DX
I think you could start your own “virtual” country if you hosted your own servers and had online-only exports like entertainment, code, etc. Your military could be made up of hackers and coders, your country could participate in the Olympics with e-sports. Territory could get tricky though.
Universities should provide removable shower heads in the showers of girls’ dorms
Death punishment for child sex offenders, then use their bodies to donate organs to children in need
Set up the website GuyFauxNews.com and report factual information using clickbait titles
A ban on all new roads or adding a lane. You can only repair roads.
Allow death row prisoners to choose their method of execution as covid
If Dogecoin can reach the moon can humans reach Mars?
VR Empathy training
rebranding the corona virus
There exists no proof that advanced enough aliens, or humans who may know how to build the same tech well enough, could not survive indefinitely inside the sun or a neutronstar or a blackhole. Sure, its like a nuke going off in your face continuously if you go deep enough into the sun, but...
Apple, amazon and other companies pay asmr voice actors for their voice assistants like alexa and siri
Video games should have a free trial
Waterproof bread
Make a word that is only allowed to be said by a person of specific race
Open a store called "Rooms 2 Go 4 Rooms 2 Go" which specializes in selling better furniture to Rooms 2 Go furniture stores
Monopoly where you write out receipts for every transaction.
Just like jets refuel from another plane, have shell trucks that drive next to you, filling up your car. Prob best when in autonomous driving is a reality.
All politicians should be sent into space to see the world from a different perspective.
Timer for Do not disturb feature on phones
This difficult times should be a chance to reform many things, such as bossinesses considering seriously to give people the chance to work from home or essential workers should have more privileges than they’ve had until now (pay less taxes for example).
a new approach to solving education &amp; hunger in the developing world
A car chase entirely by self driving cars. One trying not to hit any pedestrians and get away, the second car just trying to not lose the first car. - We could even equip them with competing AI and let the car makers test their cars against another manufacturer.
Cuck mods who ban you for something clearly sarcastic should have their own ban inflicted on them twice as long
Reddit should put the upvote buttons on the right side because most people are right handed and use their right thumb to upvote.
Progressive Democrats should create a coalition with Republicans who oppose Trumpism to help dissolve the two party system.
face mask that is also a screen that can show your mouth in real time while you talk w/ built in mini speakers to make you more understandable
Rename the team the "Kansas City Chefs."
National Pitch A Tent Day
An account that calls out university social media accounts on every tweet and reports them as offensive.
movie theatre ads but for youtube apology videos
Wouldn't it be sexy if smartphones competed for the best quality of phone calls.
Make this the most awarded post on Reddit.
Losing all feeling in one arm so when you jack off it feels like getting a handjob
Antarctica should host the Olympics
Drake teams up with the remaining members of the Beastie Boys to make a Jewish, hip-hop super group.A music setting that turns down the volume incrementally on each subsequent song after you max the volume. This way you get the satisfaction of turning it all the way up on the next banger in your playlist.
Let’s bring duels back.
Which one is better, 1inchaday or daily1inch?
When someone upvotes a repost, the original post is upvoted automatically.
Confess to a crime you didn't commit. Waive your right to legal representation and offer to represent yourself in court. Make the case for the prosecution.
Deaf dentists/ dentists who don't ask you questions when their tools are your mouth.
The government should turn the number of Covid cases per day into a stock you can invest in. The lower the number the more money you make
10 Crazy Things People Are Doing To Raid Area 51
If I was a dictator and the entire world thought I was dead, I would step outside
Cruise ships should have mandatory COVID-19 screening so instead of fearing being stuck on the ship and infected, you would get a week of not having to worry about it.
How to make your own Omelette during COVID-19 Lockdown
A "The Strokes" cover band called Diff'rent Strokes
Lets change how police brutality settlements are done!
Make the Houston Astros bat naked.
Joe Biden should Build a tiny wall before the election and have mexico pay for it
A video doorbell that uses face recognition to play walk up songs
Remake the “Men Against Fire” Black Mirror episode should be remade to be about cancel culture
An updated model of democracy?
Make alcohol from pizza and call it “Friday night”
4 am July 5th 2021: We hate you too fireworks show
What you Say?
Pirate the covid-19 vaccine, &amp; sell it on the black market.
The US Should Encourage the Replacement of Headstones and Burial Plots the Restoration or Recycling of Old Cars in Loved Ones Names
a machine to dig swimming pool holes in peoples backyards by near lightspeed few atoms at a time accelerated through vacuum in a vertical pipe balanced above the area to dig ... though its more likely to catch things on fire and melt the outsides of the pipe unless maybe the pipe keeps moving
Buying a large house with friends and their families and splitting bills and responsibilities.
Could we create the equivalent of the library of Babel but with images?
Was my idea really that crazy?
Mods shouldn't be capable of removing high voted posts without making a poll for the sake of Democracy and putting an end to bad mods
a site which gives you a possible diagnosis
Remake jurrassic park
How much money does the Post office need? Start a Nationwide donation drive now!
“Super-Size Me” but with nutritional gummies
Stop blaming “2020” for bad news, disappointments, and tragedies, and accept.
A box that you put cold food in and it somehow speeds up molecules to make the food hotter
An AR game where the hero runs next to your car and must avoid/jump every obstacle on the road
Determine the budget for government agencies by letting people select what portion of their taxes goes to which department when they file their taxes each year
If you are the third/fourth generation to live solely on benefit and social housing then the government should give you free education and and full support to break the cycle.
Guns should have sensors that deactivate them in certain situations like schools and hospitals.
A mandatory fake rubber vagina in every American households bathroom. It would have a hight and angle adjustment so anyone can use it, and has a pipe at the back for cum to go into a city pipe. The cum pipe leads to a facility that makes free cum drinks for everyone.
Eat a clown
Actual* certified internet detectives who track down people in videos who committed crimes
The reddit silver award should aptly be renamed 'the participation award'
Have all high school classes at night.
Fear of embarrassment as a motivator
Having a closing time for websites
Start a hospital cafeteria that serves food made from the amputated body parts, organs and tumors of patients.
You have $1500. How do you make the most money with it..?
Have trash cans that dispense bird seed every time someone throws something away, so that crows will learn to pick up our trash for us.Have different colored arm or head bands offered at the entrance of a gym. Black means leave me alone, blue means encourage me, red means challenge me.
Joe Biden should wear a tan suit to his inauguration
Be the first presidential candidate to support repealing the third amendment.
Start injecting starfish DNA into newborns so over time humans will gain the ability to regrow limbs.
A prank in a public restroom where a high resolution screen is disguised as a mirror. Combine a camera with a few whacky effects and you could really make a few people flip their shit.
a FPS-like game where you control a turret in the real world, that shoots blobs of soap at peoples hands in a real public bathroom, and you are scored on your accuracy of getting the soap onto the hands of whoever wants it, else if they shake their fist angrily you lose points, using sink camera
Stack up corpses of anti-mask southerners dead of COVID-19 into piles and make them into confederate monuments
Make a YouTube video where you hire 3 people on Fiverr to make YouTube videos of hiring 3 people on Fiverr to make YouTube videos of hiring...
Forcibly breed trillions and trillions of ducks. Overrun the globe with a totally unmanageable number of ducks. Quack quack quack.
Make a company that sells cream that glows in the dark
A restaurant with weird foods/combinations that no one tries but is actually pretty good.
Little Debbie should make an “assorted” pack with Swiss Cake Rolls, Nutty Bars, Oatmeal Creme Pies and Honey Buns.
Hairstylists should volunteer at hospitals to cut doctor, nurses, and healthcare staff hair. No one likes shaggy healthcare workers
Let's turn Facebook into a place where we call out our old family members for sexually abusing us.
Make every blinking light synchronized
More Americans are dying every day than died in 9/11. In response, America should invade Iraq.
When the year ends Microsoft should put "32st - Dezember - 2020" instead of "1 - January - 2021" just because of the memes
There should be an app which display a word with meaning on lockscreen so we can learn a new word everytime we unlock our phone.
Prisons should have foreign exchange programs. That way american prisons can get a 50/50 ratio of nordic style rehabilitation and hellish south american prisons
What if you put a microscopic microscope under a microscope?
Fine corporations whenever their waste is found littered.
A way to revolutionize animation
Having the ability to buy Boyfriends and Girlfriends on Wish.com
Comb relationship/marriage/ask____ subreddits looking for posts, stories and comments about infidelity, then do the following:
Modern-day speakeasy's but for weed
Games age-rated based on how stupid someone of a certain age is to understand how the game works.
Instead of changing the name/logo of Aunt Jemima and Uncle Ben, we just do a really offensive white one for balance? I'm thinking Aunt Karen?
Movie theaters should be offering delivery for popcorn and snacks while we are all streaming movies during lockdown.
a vote to make the government bigger, smaller, or stay the same size, on no specific issues other than its size, amount of power, and if its expanding out of control or not.
Companies should pay for advertisements for their rivals. However, make them so obnoxious or cringeworthy that people won’t want to buy their products.
There should be a suicide simulation centre
We should rob alien technology to force Valve to make a revolutionary sequel
English is our second language. Our first language is exactly the same except a few words are swapped: man vs woman. 6 vs 9. Hate vs love. Yes vs no.
Can we
A movie about a Mexican woman that gets the news from a doctor that she is infertile, and can't have any more kids than the 8 she already has. And then she ends up on a bridge having to be talked out of jumping.
Can America Use The Justice System Quickly to take the Country Back, and Get the Needed Resources Faster to Help People Survive this Pandemic?
In the middle of the night, dump a bunch of spoons all over someone's lawn. The next day show up all serendipitous like as a door to door salesman ready to sell them the handy dandy Spoon-mower.
Make the Corona virus about them, not us
Everyone does their pranks on March 31st instead of April 1st. Keep the name April Fools Day. Let this happen for generations until new generations are confused as to why it is called April Fools Day when it takes place in March.
Send a famous Flat Earther to the International Space Station as a social science / psychological experiment. Even if he doesn't change his view, humanity will lean a lot about the power of stubborn beliefs on a global scale.
What if we make Trump debate a Trump double?
A hotel that has normal lighting with a blacklight option to prove your room is clean.
Get arrested for something minor, enough to keep you in jail for 24 hours in order to get a covid vaccine
Once every year, the wealthiest person on earth should win an award
Let all the stay-at-home protesters sign DNR's (do not resuscitate orders) for Covid-19. They can use it as a valid pass to go and do whatever they please, but if they contract Covid-19, they will not receive treatment.
Europe becomes the United States of Europe
Donald Trump as the world's biggest reverse-psychology experiment.
Battle Royale games but you have to end up with more people than you started with.
Launch a dating app for gay men and call it Seemen.
Referral bonuses, but for domestic terrorism
A creeper costume that actually explodes when someone gets too close to it
A prison break movie about a bunch of demons trying to escape hell.
A video game where you start out as an alien in a completely foreign world with unrecognizable technology and language, that was struck by war and the ship you were on landed on Earth
USA already does require that doctors and nurses write the cause of death as covid IF a person died while they had covid, even if they died for some other reason and just happened to have covid at the same time. Here's the crazy idea. Take statistics as aggressively, on who died with the vaccine.
Word with Franz
humans living forever with enzyme called telomerase
Blacks should declare their neighborhoods Africa so whites will try to save them and UN peacekeepers have stricter rules of engagement
streaming in the middle of Hurricane Delta a Category 4 hurricane what could go wrong
Live action Toy Story
A ventriloquist act but it's just a dwarf under the podium and furthermore you have not done any rehearsal with the dwarf and he does not know the lines.
Arrakis is Tattooine hundreds of thousands of years after Star Wars
The next version of DOOM should have a celebrity cameo by Matt Demon
the human race can build a space habitat that moves fast enough to double time, making everything within it experience time much more slowly than other humans, so that some people can technically travel through time and age slowly.
2020 being over does not mean Covid will be gone in 2021
Reddit notification idea
Revive dead-or-alive bounties on Mexican narcos.
He’s got a point
A crazy combination of a parascope, binoculars, and a flashlight for seeing into cramped dark areas that you can’t reach.
What if dreams are accidental travel into parallel dimensions..
Why cant we make Electric cars that charge while they move
I wish I could tag a friend in this, but I don’t know her handle/know if she has a Reddit account. She inspired me to make this post.
Quaranteen’d
An airtight elderly care home, where during the day low amounts of THC are circulated through the air. At night, DMT flows through.
VR Minecraft, with a DDR pad to walk around
Invert the scrolling on Facebook so that you see the comments and the post before the poster. That way you can try to guess who posted it then be surprise by who it turns out to be........well, maybe not surprised.
Censoring curse words on television by dubbing them in Pig Latin
Chris Rock for prez, Kid Rock for VP, and The Rock for secretary of state. Start a political party called the Rock Party.
Have everyone in the world line up in the right order to form a full spectrum of hair colors.
Sonic
Shrooms thoughts
Toilet flush handles that you press with your foot instead of with your hand.
We all collectively go back to MySpace.
There should be a video game like The Sims, only the point of the game is to make the characters as sentient as possible, but to prevent them from proving that they're living in a simulation.
We should intercept 16 Psyche ( the asteroid worth hundreds of trillions of dollars ) and smash it into Mars. The resulting hit might activate volcanic activity, giving Mars an atmosphere, and also we could start sending people over to collect the resources, bringing forth the colonization of Mars
Any new money passed out to people due to Covid-19 need to be implemented similar to the tax refund in Furturama. A single bill with an animated Nixon head and everything.
Inject disinfectant into your lungs to cure Covid-19
Find terrorist organizations online and pretend like you want to join or carry out attacks. When you talk to them over video call, keep flashing your dick at them.
Create a brand called Pear, make a logo such as Apple's but instead use bitten pear, stick it to any product such as egg and sell it for $199 and call it ayEgg
Police-Man should be new a comics hero. Brave in front of unknown and stands for the weak
Gatebox needs to make a toilet. After all, no one should ever have to be alone, not even in there. Besides, you'd be surprised how popular that fetish actually is.
Force all driving tests to require a Dutch Reach. If you open the door "normally" at the end, you fail.
We should have Global full month lockdowns once every 10 years.
Misspelled words reveal a more important form of intelligence usually
A version of Skyrim with the character selection turned into human ethnicities. You then fight Alby the racist dragon.
Student Impact Summit
Temporarily ban oversea offshoring to lessen the job loss impact in the US.
Co-opt the Confederate flag and use it as the symbol of Cascadia/Yes California
Join my livestream now!
For a full week, grocery stores shouldn't put baskets and carts away to show costumers how ridiculous it is when they don't put them away themselves
What if instead of getting a bucket of popcorn at the movie theater you get a bucket of French fries
Crazy Idea...
A subreddit where you can safely ask why your other post got downvoted to hell if you legit don’t understand what you did wrong.
Rename the black market to the neutral colour market to solve racism
Street Fighter II 10 vs. Final Fantasy X 2
Entertainment Idea: Video Overlay Algorithm Wars
Ads on Reddit should have to be in the theme/spirit of the subreddit they are posted in
Put a line of glue on the bottom of the inside of the cereal box so that the bag doesn’t keep sliding out when you pour.
Global Operating System
Coronavirus beach balls
Instead of a human government, we should implement an AI government, that can control the whole world. No biased, but fail safe must be put into them to prevent catastrophic event from happening.
Drone Leash - A wireless dogleash. Coming soon to a part near you.
Hang out in r/news. Every time you see a story about a multiple murder, comment, "What's the big deal? The seasonal flu kills more people every year!"
Audiopaintings
Build up a sunken atoll with landfill until it is above water. Declare it as a country and join the UN. Wait until it is your rotation on the security council and sell your vote for a billion dollars. Boom, rich.
Rename the CN Tower to the "T.O.wer"
All public restrooms should have music playing at a volume loud enough to cover any unpleasant noises.
Large gummys shaped in various NSFW shapes for silly gifts.
We should use crop dusters to just spray huge areas with disinfectant
Reddit could make a killing selling April Fool's Day awards that disappear (and probably cost much less)
Sue the Wayback Machine for copyright infringement.
Youtube should let us edit how many likes our comments have
Opposite Olympics. See who can race the slowest
Hear me outSelectively breed wild wolves down to the size of lap dogs for super cute harmless to human packs.
A prank show where they rent out a movie theater, sell tickets to people, then when everyone is seated waiting for the movie to start, all the ‘employees’ leave and you film their reactions as they sit around waiting
Create a panic room with things that make you panic.
Star Wars: Now that Jedi &amp; Sith orders are dead, Mandalorians seek out Force users and adopt them into their lifestyle
The "time to get a watch" joke legally binds as consent to violence.
The human spirit chafes at the yoke of oppression and rises to throw it off whenever opportunity arises. So the big trick over the last century had been breaking the yoke into segments and subcontracting out its use to the oppressed.
Adam Sandler's Opera Man: The Movie.
Seagull simulator where you get to wack seagulls with a bat.
Forget about live actions ALTA
Since trump has implied in a recent tweet he doesn't agree with freedom of speech (protesting) we all challenge twitter to boot trump from twitter to take away his freedom of speech or we will leave twitter.
How to dine and dash perfectly (hopefully the won’t delete)
An impartial journalism review board which analyzes news stories posted by certain news organizations and journalists and issues them a “trustworthiness score” for the accuracy of their reporting.
When this pandemic blows over Corona Beer should create a new flavor called "Virus"
Fudge pops and popsicles should be made with a hard candy stick because the wood tastes like a pencil and does not belong in a sweet treat.
Give fast food spots a bicycle drive thru, that’ll usually have a faster line and encourage alternative travel
Sitcom idea: An anti-semetic whose friends are all jewish
Wear a 'They Live' alien mask to demonstrations while holding a sign that says "OBEY" and/or "SUBMIT". Look at people filming you while you pretend to talk into your watch.
An adult cartoon about a guy who is blessed with all the amazing powers of a snail and decided he must take it upon himself to travel through time and beat up all the French people to avenge his lost brothers
Considering everything going on in the USA, we should divide the country into several mini countries that are in a union to take care of more local objectives.
Give PC players in cross platform games reverse bullet magnetism
Garlic flavored eggnog.
The next version of sliced bread should be crumbless self-slicing bread.
Reddit should let you make a custom theme so that you can have any picture you want in the background while scrolling through Reddit.
Auto mod that nukes any Paul brothers content and replaces it with Eyebleach across all of Reddit
Ask Elon Musk to send Flat Earther Mark Sargent on an all expenses paid trip to the ISS. Live stream it to all his followers.
An organization that certifies companies that follow a certain income distribution amongst wages, production costs, utilities/property costs, and profits... with a little pie chart those companies can proudly display with integrity.
Let's start calling Florida Man "Gator Guy"
A tanning lotion that gives you a nice tan when you are out in the sun, but as a side effect, it temporarily turns you into a cat.
The Perfect Nightclub Design: 7 Floors
In this day and age, it's possible to build Santa's Workshop or a manufacturing hub in the North Pole (especially with 3D Printers) that could create, build and deliver toys (and other material items) to children all over the world.
In December 31, Everyone google "why is there a health bar in the sky?"
Legalize every single drug. Basically make all prescription drugs (other than antibiotics) OTC (=over the counter)
Give yourself a well-ventilated mouth. Push your cheeks in between your teeth with your fingers. Bite down harder and harder until you shear through your cheeks. Swallow them. Enjoy a well-ventilated mouth.
A superhero parody comic book/movie: Covid-Man. He saves people from house fires and terrorism but all the people he saves test positive for covid and die in the ICU 14 days later.
Kraft should print the macaroni instructions on the cheese packet instead of the box. I haven’t thrown that away by the time I’ve forgotten the cooking time and measurements.
Crazy idea: yeah
Here’s something I shouldn’t reveal. But if I don’t someone will.
A Simpsons Brand Orange Juice that would be called: OJ Simpson
if you break you day night cicle just break it more everything will be normal
Declare Batman vs Superman "non-canon" and release a new movie franchise covering the actual Injustice storyline from the comics.
My gift to Reddit: The easiest way to share and collaborate on links with friends, family, and teammates!
In a world....
A federal legislation that puts a 5 second maximum on all paid promotions(audio/video).
Film directors, when filming a movie or series using old actors, film various deaths after every scene with them just in case they die in real life during filming
A sitcom with no characters. Just empty sets, and a laugh track.
Squeaky Toy GoFundMe
A Google feature that can unmute your phone when you loose it.
a blackmarket of forbidden sex toys, like Spencers Gifts actually does sell condoms for 5 year olds, or it might have buttplugs for cats
I present to you The Gingerbread Man , First ever NFT by my 3 year old :)
Create a YouTube channel or business that takes r/CrazyIdeas and brings them to life in some sort
Basket ball but without the ball
A mobile game where you get rewards from quests and missions automatically, rather than having to go to the quest/mission list and "claim" them by clicking a button next to each one.
Have a UFC ref at the next presidential debate
Fall 2020 is a good time to get rid of daylight savings time
(NSFW) A bagel shop with lots of cream cheese
A “follow” copy of all the subs you follow so if you start a new account you don’t ha e to find all your favorite subs again.
A running or fitness site where you enter your stats and it only shows you articles relevant to your ability and a bit higher
Elections by blockchain and ranked voting
A TV show with puppets that have to worry about paying bills and shit called Stress-ame Street.
gridlock an entire country or even the whole planet eventually by occasionally near unnoticably dropping from your car small tire popping shaped pieces of metal from your car during a long roadtrip across many places now and then, or better, notice anyone who may be doing something like that
Pour salsa into the tank of your car.
Invent a device that can scan any meal and tell you exactly how many calories are in it
I will make you regret reading this
Move all unelected buearocratic and government contractor jobs to the middle of the country, make the elites work in "flyover country"
Reward Hardworking Students with More time Off
Netflix should have a TV option that allows you to make a list of your favorite shows and movies and then reproduce them randomly. And also genre channels where there are only shows of that genre
If getting Hugz gave you actual Hugs IRL then Depression in Redditors would be least among all the Social Media Platform
The chance to switch with a friend or shuffle a social network feed for some time
A manual, stickshift operated fan equipped with pedals to control the acceleration and an H-shifter to switch gears.
Last line of defense
PeopleAreAwesome but instead of just athletic ability and technical skill it’s regular people that are also competent at everyday tasks like administrators, programmers, teachers etc. (Regular people)
You know how there are AI that can generate randomized faces? That, but for nude selfies. And then like, so many OnlyFans accounts.
A hardware attachment inside or as an accessory to a phone that automatically ejects the charger when the phone is fully charged.
Spoiler free social media
Make traffic or other legal fines be a percent of income
They should make a mashup of Scooby Doo and Lovecraft, where Cthulhu helps the Scooby Gang solve mysteries.
Tell someone you have the first 100 digits of pi memorized. As long as you get the first five after the decimal most people will take your word for it as you spout off random numbers. Around the 50th digit sneak in a cold hard truth you want to tell that person then keep spouting random numbers.
Make journalism a required subject.
Install massive super soakers in the front of all vehicles especially buses.
Make a video game sandbox engine that ports the worlds of movies and t.v. like a AI that crawls imdb and ign and builds
Okay so your mom said you can't grow mushrooms in the house... we beg to differ!
Digital currency that is 100% transparent and public - everyone can see every transaction.
New crypto project in beta stage giving out free coins!
A Christmas Movie wherein Santa Claus sues a bunch of production companies for unlicensed use of his image for all their Christmas Movies
I'm sure we're all tired of advertisements, so we should all make a concerted effort to just stop buying everything but basics. Work together to grow our own food, create our own art, and make our own clothes. A worldwide boycott.
Allow the terminally ill and elderly to die on camera for real in movies and theatre as a dying wish so people are like, “yo that dude died for real on that seesaw though.” Just way he fuckin wanted, it’d bring a tear to my eye...
Throw every baby with Parkinson's Disease into prison because no one, not even a baby, should be allowed to shake a baby.
Try and get down with the kids and save your food outlet some money: don't peel the potatoes and call them "Dirty Fries".
Once this corona shit blows over, we should stockpile toilet paper, buy a t-shirt cannon and take helicopter lessons. Then we wait to be heroes.
Each year anyone can vote to increase or decrease, not individually but all at once, every prisoners remaining sentence by 1 day
A reversible Morpeko plushie where each side represents either the Full Belly or Hangry form.
A dark reddit where people talk about things you don't like and you win when you get more downvotes
A challenge where you only wear one article of clothing for a week.
A movie about two LAPD drug sniffing dog partners, call it "Co-Canines". Use actual coke on set.
An option in Netflix that forces you to wait a week between episodes instead of allowing binge watching.
Dedund the 1%
Republimocracy
Every McDonalds should have a flag they fly at half mast when the ice cream machine is broken.
Punch bowl hike went wrong 😬
If the fight against the postal service lasts longer than just until election day, make a postal-themed workplace sitcom to drum up support
Give Elon Musk full control over his own territory and watch as he turns it into a modern day future society
A medical dramedy that parodies the genre
Something something something political
Try to eat just one taco
A large array of sprinkler over your house so it can always be raining.
Who wants to be a millionaire, but the contestants are billionaires so it's more of a threat.
Since a person with a doctorate degree gets to be called doctor, people with their masters degree should get to be called master.
A 4D puzzle. Basically, a 3D puzzle, but the pieces will fit properly during a certain hour.
This is probably a very unpopular idea, but what if people didn't think of politics as a negative thing and of "politician" as pejorative word?
The International Brotherhood of Solipsists
Lemon Party: Back From the Grave
Hold an anti-abortion event and promise a chicken dinner for all attendees. Serve everyone eggs.
A Nationwide Rollout of "Boober Eats"
Elect Jigsaw. He is a psychopath, but at least he's honest.
Go to a spiritual/crystal healer and eat a cyanide pill mid-session.
There should be an anti-valentines day where you can tell the people who annoy you just how much you hate them, and they can't do anything about it
Call pizza delivery drivers Pizza Officers
A report indicated Elon Musk of Space-X plans to subsidize the trip to Mars via precious metals autonomously mined and returned to Earth from the Asteroid Belt
To take a screenshot with phone, it should be EITHER volume button + Power button. For some reason it is VOLUME DOWN + Power button and I hate that, thx.
A reddit bot that appends "besides child abuse" to all askreddit questions like "What's the worst..." or "What's the most fucked up thing that..."
Trump supporters-anonymous: a support group based around therapy for cult survival and Stockholm syndrome. You could TSA for short too, since it's meant for insuring the safety of everyone!
In the US Senate, keep the filibuster but make them have to talk again.
The ability to schedule posts on Reddit so that you don't need to wait 7 or 8 minutes to make a new post
If Trump blocks mail-in voting, we should all just Zoom-in our votes.
Magnetic USB Ports
An entirely normal radiostation except it makes a werird car noise every once in a while to make the listeners think their car is broke
They should bring back Spike TV and have it be 24-hour Coronavirus coverage
Imagine an AI that could draw anything you want based on descriptive words.
Giving out $ rewards to the capture of those guilty of their actions on capitol hill?
Buy a truck, paint in Optimus Prime's colors, and add speaker that would play quote "AUTOBOTS! TRANSFORM AND ROLL OUT!" every time engine is started
Imagine getting Reddit rewards instead of karma on your cake day??
Let Joe Exotic out of prison on the condition that he runs his own show that is successful without involving animals. And of course don't commit any more crimes.
A subreddit called "talk time" where people who work in call-center environments can call and be put on hold to increase their talk time.
Cater to billionaire egos with a competition. Who can do the coolest shit for humanity? Everyone wins
Get a face tattoo of a mole and then go get a job at a place that prohibits face tattoos on their employees.
One day earth will not exist
Virtual afterlife machine that lets you create your personal afterlife albeit virtually
Perfume for your car, so your car smells good when people walk by it.
A trim tool on Spotify so you can cut out long, annoying sections of your favorite songs
Special gloves that a piano player can wear once in a while that clean the keys while they play, removing the need to clean them the old fashioned, less exciting way
Friday the Juneteenth: Directed by Jordan Peele
Could we possibly use 2.5 mil of elon musk's money to make a Transfowormation potion
American democrats move to Canada, Canadian conservatives move to America.
Website for college students to post their homework and make money from it
Wish everyone "Hari Krishna and a happy new year"
A streaming service where you can pay to remove ads, only all the ads are purposefully designed to be as cringy and unbearable as feasibly possible, and they’re all made by the site to get people to buy ad-free
CS:GO should add a competitive mode that encourages teamwork by having the team players verbally and visually confirming their kills without the game telling you that you did indeed get a kill.
What if just... QAnon... but with different lore, different, aims, different content. And open source?
Delete the entirety of Reddit.
A decoy password (that would be a memo on your desk or desktop) to alert you if someone tries to access your workstation.
No dirt december
Rename mace to "spray pain"
Paying artists
Instagram should have it so you can record yourself saying your caption and people can tap to hear you read it
A non profit called "Stone the Children" which provides sick children in poverty, or unable to pay, access and monthly deliveries of medical marijuana.
When a baby cries on tv it should have a pop up in the bottom corner of the screen to say it’s on tv and not your own child acting up upstairs
Have bees make honey from marijuana keif or nectar.
To stop police crime against citizens, Everyday we live stream/TV channel any random cops body and dash cam without them knowing. Every cops know they might be streamed live but don't know when, forcing them to be good.
A roller coaster ride where they fake an accident before you set off, like the rail "breaking" and the staff calls in emergency but it's too late and off you go thinking you're going to die :D
Dating subreddit that matches people based on what subreddits they're subscribed to
Reddit sync
Immortals Edge RPG
New International Money System Will Have 3 Important Objects Similar To The Sun, The Moon &amp; The Earth, The Messiah God Said
Offer a cash incentive for people to switch to the Dvorkan keyboard. When enough people switch, change the standard to Dvorkan.
An app that changes anything regarding politics, trump, impeachment, etc. Into videos and gifs with something cool like chimps driving go karts.
When you can't remember a song, you can use a song-finder.
CNN should make a snippet at the end of everyday called “What the Fox say”
Making a shitty investment HAAAAAAA MFers
Tell me what genre the songs I am listening to are so i can know what the fuck i am listening to
10 digit lockpads should require the password to include every digit at least once, that way when Nicholas Cage is trying to steal the constitution, he won't be able to
Everyone in the USA that’s 18 and up write in Bernie Sanders.
Make Riot Police Accountable for their actions by making them wear a large serial number On their back and chest.
Have a lot of people tweet at Trump asking him (nicely) to do something about student loans and he probably will.
If you can’t go the party, bring the party to you!
Bring back Jury Nullification, the right to say not guilty due to you dislike that law, to save whistleblowers
All homes must have bidets. No need for toilet paper anymore
We all agree to tell future generations that Covid19 was a zombie outbreak.
A burger joint on the east coast called "Out &amp; In". With a bent arrow going down then up.
A religion where the only path to paradise is to persuade other believers to abandon their faith.
Pop
We should all spam the Trump poll with answers that are against him
A Battle Royale With Cheese
Joe Rogan should have Seth Rogen on JRE
The Post (2017) is basically a prequel to All the President's Men (1976)
Create a news network that actually reports the truth and can't be bought by corporations or politicians.
I always be misunderstanded
A subtitle bot for reddit gifs.
Amazon sellers should not be allowed to more than quadruple the price of face masks during a health crisis. I thought this was supposed to be illegal selling 10 N95 face masks for over $50 a box.
Televised prisoner sports leagues.
Sidewalks should have fast lanes and slow lanes
Spotify Should Have an "I'm feeling Nostalgic" Mode
Get your friends in Israel to create a laser tag company in California called Jewish Laser Tag
Movie theaters should have a number you can text when someone is being inconsiderate for an employee to come.
"Reverse Batman": Bruce Wayne fights crime at nighttime dressed as a normal businessman, but runs Wayne Enterprises during the day dressed as a caped crusader
Porn matters and money matters so there's no need to say it. Instead of yelling "black lives matter", yell "black lives should matter" or "black lives matter to me and should matter to you but we think they dont".
Sam and Dean should show up for a cameo in the new John Wick movie.
Scrape all the names of complainers on consumer complaint websites to see how often “Karen” shows up
New blog article: Zip codes matter! We can take healthcare, housing, and employment, and we can see the racist fault lines in each of these areas; but perhaps as egregious as any is the way schools operate funded in large part by local property taxes. T
Let cell phone users listen to voicemails as they are being recorded, and give them the ability to "pick up" if the caller isn't a robo call or spam.
Cross moderation to prevent mods' potential abuse of power
Developers listen to their communities
Today the USA Lottery is at 800 Million but 400 Million is kept by IRS,Lottery Commission, State Taxes,City Taxes, gift taxes and thus the FINAL prize is 400 Million dollars....CRAZY IDEA ;
A movie about the life of Robin Williams starring Bryan Cranston
Introduce local governments for each county in the UK
They should remake classic Disney movies into R rated versions-I.e language, violence, etc
Elon should name his son Ash, so that in a few years he would feel obligated to start making irl pokemon for him
America should leave the clocks alone, but switch everything else over to a base-12 system, and tell the world that that is superior.
Wouldn't it be awesome if the lead singer of Angels &amp; Airwaves, the bassist from +44 &amp; the drummer from Box Car Racer formed a supergroup?
A GPS chip to put in your kid for when they run off into the woods again while you play Runescape
Egypt should just blow up the ship that’s stuck in the Suez Canal
honest car sale postings
Replace your contact solution with hotdog water
All legal documents (terms of service, contracts, etc.) should be bilingual: Legalese and Plain Language.
Top 5 Best Calorie Counter Apps to Stay And Eat Healthy
Religious Organizations should be held to same Human Rights standards as an Employers. If they don't they should be shut down like a company that violates human rights.
Getting up everyday until I make a friend irl
Implement a max wage that is set at a certain proportion of the minimum wage
This might be a little farfetched, but hear me out here. What if... Everyone under a "stay at home" order actually stayed at home, until the order was lifted.
Mike Tyson's Lunch Out: A game where you eat lunch with Mike Tyson while he tells you about some thing that have been bothering him. You win by being understanding as he lets out a good honest cry.
Forget chicken or salmon. They should make dog food with week old dead bird and field mouse flavours.
Reddit should increase the character limit for subreddit names just to piss off the /r/twentycharacterlimit gang.
Making voting fully transparent, so a government public website has a list of everyone who voted and who they voted for.
Keanu Reeves for president 2020
Tattoo parlors should have breathalyzer tests
Crowdfund millionaire
Internet controlled robot/drone to tour museums and zoos live.
Once fully autonomous vehicles are available, hack them to break minor traffic laws and bait police chases. Except the AI can drive 1000x better than people, so the police would have no chance at catching up or out-maneuvering the vehicle.
A porn blocker with a filthiness slider for people who want to quit watching hardcore/incest/barely legal porn but aren't quite ready to give up regular wholesome porn.
Posting to Reddit to win an almost free wedding!
Launch a dating app for gay men and call it Seemen
Opposite of 9-1-1: a number you can call for someone to come by and fuck you up
Hire groups of college kids to change the atmosphere of your competitors bar
Vehicles with slow and stop signal lights on the front.
A mass interstate transit system
Bed slide
A bidding site for medical procedures. Post that you need and appendectomy then the hospital that bids the lowest get to do it.
What if an ice scraper had a built in pressure steam cleaner to get rid of the residue of ice?
Someone should re-draw the entire clip of the pink elephants song from Dumbo, but replacing the main character and all the pink elephants with humans.
Chats, messengers and social media should show you your partners local time if different.
Name your kid ‘Void’ so they’ll forever struggle to sign documents, checks, and contracts.
Dean Norris (hank from breaking bad) as Jason voorhees. I know he’s old but it could really work.
People who know the youtuber dream will get this
Start a campaign to get everyone vaccinated for smallpox. Release smallpox in a community of mostly antivaxxers. Normal people will panic and get vaccinated. Anti vaxxers will spread it among themselves, and they can be their own demise.
WE ELECT A 36 YEAR OLD TORTOISE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
New Zealand should have a yearly LOTRs themed charity marathon where runners dress up as hobbits and traverse a course which ends in destroying a ring.
If women grew their clits men would be able to stroke them and get women off more easily.
Like things in bulk
Team-up the American legendary hoofed flying biped 'The Jersey Devil' with notorious UK sex offender Edward 'The Beast of Jersey' Paisnel in a light-hearted family drama where they are mismatched roomies who solve crimes. The Jersey Devil being the overbearing one and the Beast being more carefree.
An eggs-change platform for when you need a dozen egg-yolks or egg-whites so you can trade them with someone who needs the other half
Selling literal clouds just like selling stars
Get rid of money
Cheaper health care.
Everyone wears bodycams all the time in any given situation
take it to the extreme - No Nut Never
The government’s annual conspiracy theory lottery
The government should send $1000 to any couple that stays together after the quarantine is over.
A chess tournament with the following scoring system
A charity whose purpose is to demonstrate that the ends justify the means, by cleaning up trash in public spaces but intentionally litters 1% of that trash in other public spaces
We merge dentistry as a field of medicine and incorporate dental cleanings as a part of annual physicals.
Contractors should sometimes show up at midnight instead of 7 a.m. to be more fair toward night owls
politicians salary depends on the number of reddit-like upvotes and downvotes on them at the time
a cooking show where contestants must make a dish from one culture in the style of a completely different culture
on billboards near road where its illegal for them to change the picture continuously which distracts drivers, and theres a light on it, put in a shitty lightbulb that flashes, and if someone has a crash, go on a public quest to eliminate shitty lightbulbs so people wont think you did it on purpose
Somehow convince the American populace this presidential term to *actually* vote third party and **** the whole system - could it work!
A rocket called astronut
To avoid seeing reposts there should be an option to filter posts you have already seen.
Convince trump voters to vote twice so they all get done for voter fraud and their vote won’t count.
A random button on Hulu/Netflix.
Burn a dollar bill every once in awhile to reinforce an emotional disconnect between you and money.
A TV that you can attach to your roof so that you can watch movies whilest laying on your backA Conversation about the Nature of Reality and Our Role Within
Everyone on Earth commits suicide at the same time without telling anyone on the ISS.
A Drug War - Themed Dinner Theater Mexican Restaurant : Think "Medieval Times" but with the Narcos vs Federales with a splash of Telenovela
Have an identical twin. Commit a crime on camera. Both of you say it was the other twin. Neither of you can be convicted. Profit.
Creating jobs is always good. Military and the healthcare industry are like digging a hole just to create a job to fill it in.
Companies should make actual legally binding bets with governments
What's the best way to prank someone from distance?
Infect healthy young people with corona
The sport of competitive masturbating
Face masks for smokers
Recreate "Mafia City" as an io game like slither.io, You start as a level 1 crook and work your way up to level 99 boss.
Cereal flavored milk.
Create a new religion whose main deity's name is Gosh so you can't use that euphemism without still taking the Lord's name in vain.
Trump should kill the turkey. Don’t pardon it. Use an axe.
big chungus condoms - for when you're feeling rabbity
Women Takes USPS Truck for a Ride
Here me out. The ultimate video game. Satisfactory meets No Man's Sky meets Oxygen Not Included meets Rust. Make this happen.
If God is always watching us then he should at least pay my onlyfans account when I masturbate.
Non-Newtonian Breast Implants
We use YouTube's shitty copyright system to take down the shithole crackhead known as Wendy Williams
Spacetime is responsible for the physical state of particles, we can complete the unified theory. This is a stepping stone, not the entire recipe.
Google “what is the name of this planet” right now. Make google wonder.
Have Daft Punk, Deadmau5 and Marshmello go on the Masked Singer
Velcro Stuffed Animals.
a bullet made of ice that melts from air friction before it hits you
Add FLUDD as an item in Shash Bros
The US politicians who were busted for insider trading should sponsor and champion bills criminilizing insider trading by politicians. If the bills get signed into law, charges against them are dropped. If not, fuck em. Let them spend the money the made on attorney's fees defending themselves.
A subreddit where if you share a video, you have to explain context and fate of the people in the video.
Fix capitalism by making as many jobs as possible incredibly hazardous. Everyone works only a few times a year, and is paid a ton of money every time.
Idea for people who aren't yet (but will be soon) working from home due to #COVID19, who also own a #dog
A DS emulator that lets you use your PC as the top screen and your phone as the bottom touchscreen
Salton Sea clean up
Instead of a bunch of street lights, 1 nuclear light a mile above a city
Reverse Black sheep theory: A white sheep lost in a flock of black s heep.
Make a subreddit that doesn’t censor ideas they don’t like!
If a president starts a war, only the people who voted for them have to fight in it
When viewing new subs, it should automatically change to "top 1 year" posts to let users see whether the community is subscribe-worthy
Wisdom teeth that actually grow with wisdom
Easy Fix
Let people "pay" for the COVID vaccine in the form of airline tickets
If your sibling has a kid, and names them 'Greg' for example when you have a kid name them Wagreg and raise them to hate normal Greg and grow a pointy mustache.
Wheel of Misfortune. It’s like Wheel of Fortune, but all contestants are dyslexic
Canadians should be allowed to vote in U.S. federal elections, with each vote equal to half of an American vote, since Canada is partially impacted by U.S. federal decisions
Every article should have a clear honest title that contains a shortened answer to it... and the ones that doesn't follow this gets a click bait badge beside their title.
Make it free public knowledge, uneditable by law, the names of all the people who voted in the ruling party/person
President Trump should ban the Coronavirus from the US. Then the virus would be forced to leave.
Doing this so many times we each all get 5 bucks and make bank
3d cut a chain out of a large potato, as if the chain was laying in a container shaped as the potato skin, then paint it to be shiny and chain colored, then bolt a bunch of these together and chain yourself up and act like you cant get out, then after a bunch of people gather, HULK up and escape
Someone has a set of twin daughters and names them Siri and Alexa.
In true defiance of government ordinance looters should be out there with their faces completely uncovered. No masks.
Shoot a bunch of hotdogs into space and then rebrand Hebrew National as Hebrew Intergalactic
Criminals can choose to serve their time in the military instead of in jail
Grand Theft Auto IV on the PS4
A parody cover of Scatman by Nate Silver entitled 'Statman'
The current state of unrest the U.S.
Snails. Just a shitload of snails everywhere.
Obama should just start acting like the president again
A dating app that pairs people up with the people with the most similar spotify/apple music habitsCarve into your grave stone - "all your base are belong to us, even this grave"
Dress up as Santa and ACTUALLY dive down people's chimneys to deliver presents. Technically this would mean Santa is real.
Steal cars, wash them, then return them with a leaflet for your new car wash business placed conspicuously on the front seat.
Every time you downvote, a point also gets taken off your own karma.
Space flight exhibiting time dilation is a better supported bet than cryopreservation for old/ill people that only have two years left to live.
Muzak versions of ICP songs
a dating app that verifies peoples gender thru their webcam to see their driver license and adjusts prices separately for men vs women to guarantee that theres twice as many women actively using the site as men.
Instead of CHOP CHOP, this year, buy yourself some SOLAR POWERED CHRISTMAS LIGHTS, and decorate one living tree (that isn't on anyone's property) and that can be your special tree, then on Christmas day, you can go for a walk to admire it
A 24-hour livestream showing only two devices: An Echo Dot, and an MP3 player with a continuous loop that says "Alexa, tell me something interesting" once a minute.
There’s 128 Million Households in the United States with about 2.5 occupants living in that household...
Can someone explain why people think defunding the police is a good idea?
Some of those pumpkin-shaped cany corns, but full suzed.
Raise water levels in all Minecraft worlds to raise awareness for climate change
With the media displaying daily covid-19 deaths it would be cool to see the stats of the number of people died from anything else or the daily number of people being born, just so it's not that depressing.
Get rid of leap years by having everybody in the world agree to make seconds slightly longer than they are now
America’s got sobstories: Only the sob story and the saddest one wins, no need to perform.
A political party whose only platform is that voting against their candidates should be punishable by death.
.
Rather than the plot being in the middle of a dystopian world, make one so that it's just after a dystopian world and the handful of remaining are humans are trying to rebuild society
A sock that doubles as a fleshlight
Olympic style multi game eSports tournament to find the true best team across whole gaming community.
Plain in sight UNO
People get paid to loose weight
Make the region of Kashmir it’s own country so Pakistan and India don’t have a reason to go to war.
We should name the Coronavirus after Kobe Bryant so we always remember him from his plague.
sensor that notices marijuana smell and automatically releases air freshener
Go back in time and 23 and me Adam and Eve
Make a list of crimes that are worse than murder, such as rigging an election or spending lots of taxpayer money on yourself, and if anyone gets just a fine or 1 year in jail for those then so do all the murderers. If they get off easy then so do the murderers.
A youtube playlest comprised entirely of youtube ads
If people aren’t being serious about social distancing, order the ambulances to travel around where people congregate (like parks, beaches)with the sirens blaring.
Jeffrey Epstein DID kill himself
Get rid of the NSFW tag since no one’s at work anymore
Terraform California
If having a child is keeping sperm as a pet, then when a cow has a calf it is keeping sperm as a pet. Therefore, when someone eats a burger, they are eating cow sperm.
A self raising/lowering toilet seat so no one can complain about leaving the toilet seat up
Make one big warehouse dealership with all car companies.
A pipeline to every Indian reservation that produces unlimited pure ethanol, for free for every single resident. To get the land cheap afterwards.
I HAVE A HEIST IDEA THAT I NEED AUDITED
Have two TV channels work together by only airing shows during the other channel’s commercial breaks, allowing watchers to switch between the channels without commercials and both channels profiting from it.
Have a real doll company make an exact duplicate of yourself. Place it in public places in perfect view of security cameras like work or waiting in the laundromat, then use that as an alibi for the cops.
Peanut butter in jelly packets
Instead of Budweiser... Bud-Saki
Take advantage of COV-19 to repave all the roads in America
Amazon should give you a discount on Prime if you have a camera on your front door or where ever you get packages delievered.
A device that attaches to your shower that has a button attached to a time travel device such that when you push the button the signal travels 30 seconds back in time to turn on the water so it will be perfectly warm/hot the moment you step in.
The next US election should be on paper only
A movie based on All-Star Batman and Robin the Boy Wonder by Frank Miller and Jim Lee. Nicolas Cage stars as the Goddamn Batman.
A separate unit of measurements only used by the US military.
Airports that actually remind people to cover their coughs and sneezes through the speakers. Actually everywhere. Re-teach everyone about hygiene because it seems that mostly adults forgot how to do it.
An alternate colour cake slice for your real world birthday
A life that’s worth living!
Every person must watch the original source of a video before reading an opinionated article on the subject
University scholarships for gorillas, chimps and other primates. Teach them to evolve.
They should make a poster for suicidal people saying that if they kill themself they have something in common with Hitler.
You want less crime, better educated citizens? Pay mothers an income so they can be there for their children.
GOOSE JAIL
Virtual fetish fulfilling
Open a museum showcasing all the smells we can recognise from our daily lives but can't easily identify
A tax on voting. 10% of your vote goes to the government to vote for whoever they want probably themself.
A phone camera that shoots in landscape without your having to rotate it
Monetize our votes so they can be bought, sold, and transferred to the highest bidder.
A company that rents you middle-aged dudes that cosplay as fully functional dogs.
How to Make America Great Again?
As the gamer population ages, create multiplayer servers based on decades lived, to adjust for the deterioration of reflexes and mobility
Ban the sale of random objects for a few months so we can see if we really enjoy them or not. Then reallow the sale forever.
Write a secular, black comedy book disguised as a christian essay titled "How to sell an entire country to The Devil"
A ranked mode in games intended to be for "worker players" that might only be able to play a few hours every week, rather than for everyone including pro players.
Garbage disposal but for toilets
An adblocker for blocking "Please turn of adblocker to continue" windows
Everyone having dashcams but not on their car, on themselfes.
toilets with robot legs to move wherever the pee stream is going
Credit card minimum payments should be less than the monthly interest charge. That way you remain in debt forever.
Make Selling Something You Own Mandatory If Someone Offers You 10 or More Times The Value Of The Item Or The Last Selling Price Whichever Is Higher
Put a tube from Earth to Mars with a vacuum pump on Mars, that way we create the atmosphere for life on Mars and we get rid of our extra carbon dioxide to prevent global warming
Stores with no employees in them most of the time, except to restock the shelfs and clean. Internet people identify the things you're buying so nobody has to guard the self checkouts, and if they see you scan it wrong they talk through a speaker.
Secret mechanical robot bees that vaccinate every anti-vaxxer and their kids
If you, or someone you know, is named Michael Fisher, we are looking for each other! We've found 43 Michael Fisher's so far!
The first astronaut on Mars should wear a Buzz Lightyear suit
Get a straw and snort the sand off the beach. All of it.
SANTA, the 'Send A New Toy Association', where every child in the land is assigned to a random generous person / couple who send a gift to them each year through SANTA.
Increase productivity by forbidding bathroom breaks and making employees wear diapers.
There should be a way of indicating that we're NOT being sarcastic
Create a fast food combo called the 4 for 4! that costs $24
Any newspaper, magazine, or website that publishes a story about some “amazing scientific breakthrough” that will drastically change our health, lifestyle, etc. should be forced to publish an annual follow up story explaining why the discovery turned out to be a flop.
Presidents should also participate in wars, that way most wars would be prevented.
Have students play games like Zelda Ocarina of Time with skipping the dialogue to show them how important reading is.
A horror movie where normal people work in a normal office where all of the printers and copy machines work suspiciously well. You wait the entire film for something to go wrong with them and it never happens. Credits roll.
The president of the screen actors guild has to play the president in all movies with a nondescript "president" role.
At the first sign of authorities getting aggressive, every protestor (whether 10 or 10,000) should just lay down.
Never ending shampoo? Or not?
Bring back Terry Tate to do pro-mask PSAs
Fidget spinners made out of disinfectant material
Could lightning-induced wildfires be prevented with a network of lightning rod stations in susceptible areas?
Netflix/Hulu/Amazon could bring new tv shows temporarily to keep people entertained and not leaving the house during the virus outbreak
An app that keeps track of how many miles you've scrolled.
A dating app for dentists called “Gargle”
Get sportscasters evenly divided as for which side they root for.
Now that the UK is out of the EU, it's time for the UK to embrace more traditional English values. Namely, invading France. The UK should revive their claim to the French thrown and start back at it again.
Change Minnesota's name to New Canada
A website called "www.istheskyblue.com" which tell you if the sky is blue or not.
Reverse Karaoke, where they play the a capella version of a song, and you have to play the background track
Put UV lights on airplanes to kill covid-19 as soon as it hits the air.
A combination of a slot machine and a classic arcade game: You always get one spin on the reels no matter what, but you can "win" up to 5 additional spins based on your score in the Pac Man or Galaga game. Actual cash won is still based on the reels and therefore on chance.
A mandatory news show that debunks all lies of that the news depicted for that day
It’s a pretty simple idea: Lawnmower Shoes.
We should just let 2020 happen and next year do it again, just better.. all your goals you wanted to achieve this year still count if you achieve them next year.
Since all presidents of usa have been male, maybe before a woman wins there's a shemale
Everybody gets 1 poison dart they can use in life
A tv show executing the best of r/CrazyIdeas
If every american refused to pay their medical bills...Taking the red pill is committing suicide
🙃 Create a social media campaign to write in Bernie Sanders for 2020. #bernthevote 🤗
Since theres a mostly standardized list of logical fallacies, and they are common patterns of manipulating people in arguments, make it illegal for politicians to knowingly use logical fallacies especially if it is pointed out to them and they dont fix or take back the statement
Put out a ballot measure to raise taxes to buy out or build out internet infrastructure to make access a public utility.
To make amends for the 'Imagine' cover music video, all of the celebrities that participated should make a compilation video of them getting the COVID vaccine.
Next year on April Fools, Pornhub links all videos to Rick Roll.A dramatized mini-series about President Trump's handling of Coronavirus, except instead of Coronavirus it's the Facehuggers from Alien.
Rename laxatives to be “Anal Decongestants”
Replace all family doctors for AI databases.
Meghan Markle should launch a singing career, her first hit being a cover of Steve Perry's "Oh Sherrie", rendered as "Oh Harry"
A Star Trek series, but set in a universe where aliens don't exist. The ship just flies around looking for other inhabited planets, but never finds any.
Machine taking over
Every 20 to 30 years they should remake a show, keeping it as true to the original as possible.
A Dryer machine that has a Sensor to Detect if the Laundry inside Randomly Happened to Get Folded and Automatically Restarts if it Hasn't
Three words: hard shell burrito.
Gift For Your Loved Ones!!
Caffinated hot chocolate for people who dislike coffee
Noon should be 12:00AM dammit. Why does it go 10AM, 11AM and 12PM WA then midnight should be 12PM so 10PM, 11PM, 12PM
We should be paid for every ad that we are forced to watch. We should be paid whenever a company uses our data.
If r/dankmemes wants to be dank again, they should make a new sub recognizing new meme templates that made it to hot.
Put the down-vote arrow to the left of Vote and the up-vote arrow to the right.
Reddit should delete every subreddit with over 100,000 subscribers and make no subreddit a default.
Create an America first/MAGA-type mask so that people who normally won't wear masks will start wearing one
Guns with barrelsc that bend very slightly and randomly as you fire them, making it basically impossible to hit your target.
4/20 should be the formal expiration dates for drug enforcement on weed in future legalizationsWhenever someone coughs in public, you say "heres a lime" referring to the Corona alcohol commercial.
A theme park ride that is an ultra realistic virtual reality plane crash simulator.
We should make a giant blanket with the names of people that have died because of police brutality. (We dedicate 250cm² to each person)
How to passing time in lockdown || লকডাউনে কীভাবে সময় কাটাবেন
Using X-Ray machines to give cancer to Death Row
Crossover movie between the Adam Sandler Cinematic Universe and the Seth Rogen Cinematic Universe
In exchange for being banned from Reddit for ever, you can tell someone exactly why you downvoted them in a manner they are sure not to miss.
Uniting military like robots to create a major military force to be more of a scare tactic so that no leader does anything stupid to start any wars and if they do they have this peace like military force to bring the action to a peaceful outcome that brings justice to the perpetrators of the act.
Create a language based on Farting.
A Listening stick
Seeing as we’re living in such momentous times of global change, eventually its gonna need a name like the Cold War, Great Depression etc. ; I want to call it the Drawbridge.
Grocery Stores should sell certain items in singles and couples sizes. Everything seems family sized. Either commit to eating it all week, or throw most of it away
Big chungus being unfunny
A version of GoFundMe for people who don't have illnesses or anything like that but want to go on a vacation for something basically a more casual version
Since Great Gatsby is public domain: Anime Great Gatsby series
Life as we know it is a simulation on some sort of multidimensional Nintendo GameTesseract. Right handed people are NPCs.Do a Rosencranz and Guildenstern are dead but in Star Wars universe with C3PO and R2D2
Rubber ear guards for when you're straightening your hair so if yo accidentally clip it it won't get burned.
Dump all the bleach from every store in the world into the ocean to combat acidification
Ladies of Reddit.. you could piece together several different guys to make your perfect man who would they be? And maybe why?
Arrange a time for everyone in a certain city to scream all at once
A hub of Startup Problems
A House M.D. Episode Where They Have To Deal With A Facehugger
Count Downvotes separately from upvotes and call it "drama
An actor who exclusively plays one character that makes brief appearances in multiple popular TV show and movies.
There should be a vape that looks like a dildo, so you can I hide your vape from your parents so they wont know you vape.
make a staple out of salt or some other biodegradable material so you can staple tacos or burritos closed because your lazy and are bad at making tacos and burritos.
Keanu Reeves should play Dean in a Supernatural movie.
Much of this "influencer tea" and drama that consumes YouTube, Twitter and other platforms is planned and premeditated to generate views.
Independent regulatory board that objectively rates products so companies would spend their money on improving their products instead of advertisements
Meditate to NCIS or any other similar show and pretend you are the guilty party
Swap laxatives and sleeping pills, and watch the chaos unfold.
All namebrand and products that have a person of color on their logo to change it to a white person, and therefore having activists heads explode in anger for the prominent use of white figures on logos.
Write books based off movies
A way to reverse a paint job if you decide you don’t like it. Completely back to the untouched original.
a reddit sub designed to be an empty black hole for people to say anything into called r/abyss
An online News Outlet that filters out News about Trump to help with mental Health.
Make the commercials on television reflect social distancing.
A blank rubik's cube meant only to be used as a fidget.
A sub where people post a "campaign" (be it ideological like politics, religion, conspiracies,etc), economical (done by countries or scams by individuals) or products (like failed or impossible kickstarter ones, or miracle-ideas by other youtubers), and cultured people explain why it doesnt work
Make ice cubes made out of coffee to avoid watered down ice coffee
Instead of building with just a bunch of rooms, hospitals should be a theme park of sanitation and healing
Scorpion's chain pull should fail if used at exactly 2 meters from the target, accompanied by the cry of "Stay Over There!".
Solve the whole coronavirus issue and boost the economy by covering the world in a fine mist of high purity spirits.
Instead of giving gold silver etc maybe we should just donate what they are worth to a good cause
Release Trumps browser history to see where he gets his news from
A hipster coffee shop that only has seating for two people
Rename “hoof” to “toof” simply because then it would be foot backwards.
A certain type of 'smart' dinosaur may have had 5000 years of a agrarian civilization not unlike our last 5000 years. Since their tools were stones and wood, most all lost to history, a find would be very rare.
Outsource the assembly of burgers to the customer
Make a movie where zombies are expliited by authorities and people rise as zombies are stealing their jobs and some people who decided to stand for zombie rights.
All popular websites should shutdown for USA's 2020 election to remind people to vote
Bill Gates should be president of the WHO
Cull Humans
I want perfact movie or serie please
Backwards Reddit Admins: "Hate speech against the majority is allowed." OK. If words have meaning, then reopen /r/FatPeopleHate, right?
Let the first five or ten downvoters of a post be discoverable.
Twitter but for audio clips like a global conversation
Going to be bring my electric Harley Davidson Livewire (232/500) to Sturgis SD from Naples Fl
A videogame called Runaway Slave, where you play a slave escaping to the North via a slave network. All proceeds would go to Black Lives Matter.
Someone should make a card game around Chess, cards which activate/bestow special abilities to the pieces.
A VR movie where you're the main character.
In alternative to Ghost Busters, Busty Ghosters
All protestors should wear Spider-Man masks
Instead of seat in movie theaters , have twin beds.A movie idea about astronomers who discover the outline of an impossibly giant humanoid being in one of the deepest places their telescopes can penetrate. Looking toward us. First contact and it's nothing we could have imagined.
How about an outdoors computer park?
Streaming services with ads built in, every once in a while show an episode with no ads as a reward for your loyalty.
a blimp power plant with solar panels and wind turbines
Create a WhatsApp group with all your exes without telling them what they have in common.
Universal basic income but only in northern Canada
A presidential yeet button
Create an AI program, certain fraises blanked out but just connect real people to each other.
A candle that smells like Popeye's Chicken
A romantic comedy about Medusa and a blind guy.
Outlaw all new plastic . Recycled plastic only would make trash worth money
A soap that completly removes the smell of greasey foods of you hands all while keeping it smooth
Karate Kid: The Other Side of the Story.
As subreddit where everyone who join becomes a moderator.
Only name hurricanes using old-fashioned names that no one uses anymore, like "Mildred"
Government given holidays and rewards for epic behaviour oposite to prison system
Apple should create a dating app called “Pears”
A Geiger counter but for germs and harmful bacteria
A horror movie from the perspective of the generic horror movie dog that always dies in the first act
Reusable toilet paper
Invert all karma. People with 100,000 now have -100,000
Halloween haunted house but it's just putting on a hazmat suit and walking through an actual COVID ICU+morgue with the lights set at a safe but uncomfortable dimness. Entrances and exits set up with BSL4 style disinfection showers.
If your born in the US you should automatically be registered to vote. If you
Sex hotels but they're designed to look like public places.(train, plane, store, classroom, etc.)
Blankets that are thicker at one end to keep your feet warm.
Exploiting the political class to create division using data
Ferrofluid breast implants with an electromagnet bra
Reddit should allow you to spend coins to put a cake next to you name, just like on your cake day. That way the cake really IS a lie!
Fast food machines where you can choose any type of fast food, fries, and any type of beverage that runs 24/7There should be a "People going their own way" for those who are happily single, intent to remain that way, but aren't like those MGTOW type of guys. Totally inclusive. Everyone is welcome in PGTOW.
Get your family infected by the Coronavirus now before the healthcare system is completely overwhelmed
In order to be become president the 2 leading candidates should play a game of 21 who ever wins gets to run the country.
Go to a public place wearing a mask and an empty coffee cup and walk around pretending you're drinking it
On December 31st at 12am everyone search "why is there a giant health bar in the sky?" To confuse the hell out of googleA version of MTV cribs where they do the homes of those living in poverty
Tweet Elon Musk to put a flag on the sun so we can charge people for solar power.
We should start a new calendar system starting next year. PPE or Post Pandemic Era. Next year will be 1 PPE
Create farming communities in the country for homeless people where they are given agricultural training in addition to mental health &amp; addiction support
Being Citizen's United have made corporations to be Individuals, someone should have Comcast committed for self-reinforcing delusional behavior.
We should have Monsanto engineer a line of pretty suburban topiary that doesn't require much sleep and install hydroponic bulbs in our streetlights to increase oxygen output
Ask a Vietnam Vet what they think of the song "Fortunate Son" You'll usually get an interesting answer and a story to boot.
Spend 10% of your income every month on jars of mustard.
The Encyclopedia to End Encyclopedias, ALL of Wikipedia on a 10 Terabyte Seagate HDD
gravitons are purely hypothetical and we won’t find them bc they’re not real
Metric System Conversion
When someone downvotes a post it shouldn't be immediate, but the number of downvotes should speed up the time before it shows negative karma.
Netflix can shoot alternate endings/scenes and conduct A/B testing to find out what endings/scenes are liked by the audience.
Have old people and sick people isolate for 3 months, everyone else has a mass make-out session and gets it over with in 2 weeks.
Politicians being swapped between countries.
Tell your children they were adopted and let them believe it for about a year. Then tell them they're not really adopted, you just wanted to see how they'd react.
Remote Operated Biological Opposition Terminators
A new cool and sport idea i thought of !
A chrome extension that gives comparison of measurements with real life examples that you know personally.
Cuspers are people born near the dividing line of 2 generations. Boomer/Xer cuspers are Generation Jones. Gen X/Millennial cusper are the Oregon Trail generation. I propose that Millenial/Gen Z cuspers should be called the SpongeBob Generation.
Netflix should release a second season of Russian Doll that's the same 8 episodes as the first.
This sub should have a "send to reddit's developers" button on every post.
Form a tightnit long-term team in life that can cheer each other on to stay constantly focused on their pursuit of a single quest and synchronize resources
Drinks where the end of the bottles have the same texture, shape, and size as assholes
I’m not just a lonely introvert, I’ve been preparing for a pandemic!
Invent a type of heavy metal that involves farting.Static virtual reality suit.
People who don’t wear masks are trying to prolong the Pandemic as long as possible.
Eliminate truck blind spots by putting the driver on top, like a stagecoach.
Google should add a filter to remove all results for a search term that are less than X-years old.
Pretty sure this belongs here
Cars should come with a slow cooker built into the engine.
You can be in upvote mode or downvote mode, a switch you flip and you can only flip it once per 10 minutes
Non-profit internet cafe &amp; electronics recycling center
What if phones kept a tiny bit of battery when they are dead, just to be able to see phone numbers from your contacts
Reverse data selling that tracks where CEOs and politicians are
Sue the Democratic and Republican parties for having political monopolies, and force them each to separate into two equal size parties.
An app that warms your phone for when you have cold hands
Every American voter should de-register from a political party and register to vote as Independent/Unaffiliated.
A definition bee, it's like a spelling bee but instead, contestants have to define a given word instead
YouTube should have a feature that lets users rank the video based on how descriptive the thumbnail and title is to prevent clickbait. Users should be able to see this before clicking.
We should pirate every book someone from the trump administration publishes.
Apple should implement a new face mask Face ID system where you can order a custom face mask with a QR code on it that the scanner will recognize if you have set it on your phone. It would also be able to scan to top part of the face too, for added effectiveness.
Hmm
Keep people from spreading COVID-19 by releasing a non-deadly contagious farts virus
This is how we can do event that covid cancelled.
A word finder for videos; enter keyword or phrase then and skip to that moment(s) in the video.
Make hormones enlightened so they make relationships and marriages evolve through enlightment along with profound passion and desire which will further lead humans into hormonial nirvana
Since there are so many Monopoly versions nowadays, we should make a Monopoly where you buy and sell different Monopoly versions and the pieces are also Monopolies
All subs should have a built in chat room where you can chat with fellow subbers. Would be great to be able to say hi when you’re on an obscure sub and 2 other people are ‘online’
There should be an automated system for package deliveries that texts everyone receiving a package during a day its raining asking if you would like delivery to be delayed until a day the weather is clear
Pewdiepie
Stream all police body cams live, encrypted. Send encryption keys to multiple auditors.
We get to choose one year as a life reset. We do whatever we want with our year and make 25% more than our income at the time of the reset for that year. All debts are reset and as long as you have no criminal history you can also reset your identity to completely start over.
An idea some of y’all may like
Trump ❌Biden ❌ Dog as POTUS? ✅
Require votes cast by mail to have a DNA sample included to prevent voter fraud
Limber Lumber - wood that can easily be molded and flexed however you’d like and can return back to its original shape
Electronic products that work right out of the box, dont need youtube tutorials on how to fix issues when brand new, dont need updating and act as promised.
Someone needs to livestream a trip into the Bermuda triangle so we can see whatever the hell keeps happening in real time.
Instead of professional athletes, we should fill sports teams like jury duty from the populations of the cities competing
A TV channel where loud arguments / yelling / screaming sounds are prohibited.
Get Sal Khan from Khan Academy on Hot Ones
Name the move of having consensual sex then putting the penis without consent in the anus The Kobe!
Extrapolating if eGPU into eDesktop.
Trump should enlist the Mexican Cartels to help distribute hydroxychloroquine
New Normal School Reform: Every student is home schooled and will each be assigned a laptop. Shift the money wasted on school building's upkeep and put it directly into the students and teachers. (more)
A spin-off of Drunk History called High Science on which the guests get high and take on different subjects of science.
Hammock-tent. Comfy to sleep in, keeps bugs/critters away.
Make it mandatory for anyone running for president/primeminister to have an IQ over 90
Fap before your presentation so you don't get hard.
Dial a car’s license plate number that forwards to driver’s cell phone so I can tell bad drivers what I think of them.
Americans minimize their use of USPS until after the election, to allow the processing of mail-in ballots to be the post office’s primary task
Reddit should make a new black and white theme similarly to how they changed the mobile app icon!
Have Exxon create an oil spill to work as a laxative for the Suez canal.
At random, every 1 in 10 ads posted by companies to Reddit should have no option to lock comments. Let the people speak. Maybe companies might rethink ads, also, based on this little fear.
Maybe COVID is the Earth's way of telling us it needs a break.
On 1st January everyone search on Google why is the 'moon coming down' on google to with fuck its algorithm.
Become ‘Money Buddies’ with your closest friends. Sign a contract promising to share a tiny amount of money if you end up very well off, like $200K up
To improve public understanding of science, scientists should publish their work on advertising billboards instead of in peer reviewed journals.
A scene-for-scene remake of Terminator, starring Brock Lesnar
Alexa should have a system for detecting if you're speaking quietly or whispering and automatically turn the volume down to match so you don't wake up your family at 2 am trying to listen to Ocean Man
Pants that actually block the fart smell from coming out
Teach kids not to do drugs by making them take care of someone going through withdrawal.
True wireless earbuds (like AirPods) that can be used with a wired connection (like how Bluetooth headphones have an aux cable but it’s for true wireless earbuds)
A school where children at a very young age pick a career to pursue, following classes correlating to it
Have a points system to stop people from panic buying during the Covid lockdown.
A search engine where you can sing or hum into a microphone for a song youve been trying to figure out for ages
Bethesda/Steam should release Skyrim for free for everyone
Someone should create a reddit bot that scans/searches for Amazon links and recommends the user prefaces the URL with "smile.", so that Amazon donates some proceeds to charity.
Throw a big party for all aged 18-40, get them infected and built up immunity!
Eletrical mono-motorcycle with spherical tire.
Show Me Non-Netflix Movies
Add a filter to Reddit’s home page search that just shows you cat subs.
PRETTY PATTIES!!
Make holloween decorations of fossilized endangered animals, smoking coal plants, polar bears on islands of ice, storms, tsunamis, and globes of Earth but with a higher sea level.
There are only 2 genders and they are assigned to you at birth based on physical attributes. And if you fail to gender properly, that is not a third gender. You just don't have one.
capture ghosts and sell them as slaves
We should change the comments of 'this' to 'not this' in reddit threads.
Make all schools boarding schools. Have a teacher and their class quarantine, and then live and teach in the same building for the year.
Start downvoting every post that has a useless reaction meme like "no no he's got a point" added
Are you getting worried about a Red Nose due to the usage of Nose masks this period?
Super expensive service to shop for Karens who wants to boycott Walmart because of their recently implemented mask policy.
During a National Quarantine, run up and down the street with a Wheelbarrow yelling "Bring out your Dead!"
Change the colloquial term from "sharts" to "trojan farts".
Missiles that hit their target should be named “hitiles”
A Netflix 'channel flick' option
Twitter should ban @realDonaldTrump for spreading misinformation.Twitter should ban @realDonaldTrump for spreading misinformation.
if we are able keep switching are our organs
Make a bathroom game that encourages players to give their old phones to their grandparents. Old people have a way to call 911 as long as they can reach that phone. Also, that game might passively give an indicator that the boomer is okay.
Have the Us Gov switch to a Direct Representative Democracy
Why don't the government unemployment programs struggling with the large amount of unemployed people try employing the large amount of unemployed people to help?
advertise that a certain politician is not a pedo. Its a true statement so theres not a legal problem. But people might start to think who is arguing against this and why.
What if we made an alternative to formula 1?
Make 1000$ Per Day Online
Give 5 - 15% ownership of EVERY public company to ALL Americans. Even distribution. Straight down the line.
Create a shit list of companies that abuse their workforce during this crisis.
Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee with Tom Green in character as the guest!
Add a laugh track to the national news.
Wanna lose a bunch of weight without working out? Cut all those toxic people out of your life. It's amazing how the pounds just melt away.
Spoons, but they’re bowls
Stand on a busy intersection with a cardboard sign saying FREE HUGS!
Alarm clock that sounds like your dog throwing up so you wake up immediately
For the next debates, hire the most brutal hardline moderator that can be found and replace their spine with an adamantium rod.
Paint a mushroom cloud landscape. Make painting and actually radioactive
Call "countries" "corporations" because that's what they are! "AmericaCorp"
The NBA should start the playoffs in June, start the 2020-21 season in late October, and start the Draft and Free Agency now.
It's crazy that older generations thought the average person would travel by flying car at this point in time considering most people still don't know how to use their blinkers
L
Set up giant nets in Africa to catch the massive swarms of locus and have the locals eat them.
We can use cloud services to increase storage why can't we use it to increase RAMs
Family Park and South Guy would be awesome shows.
A calendar based budget that helps you visualize your spending
the next Terminator movie they make should be defendant has telikinetic powers, protector is an giant eskimo and bad terminator is secretly disguised as John Connor!
An app where people commit to make personal sacrifices in exchange for a pledged number of people registering to vote. Party affiliations must be anonymous. Show your ~~tits~~ ~~the D~~ ... Burn a favorite t-shirt for 20 registered voters.. anything... Just make a deal and get votes.
Solving The RAREST Puzzle Box in the World!! (Steampunk Puzzle)
Weed Christmas Gifts
In the spirit of "in vino veritas" all courtrooms should provide a full bar.
Would it be too risky for highway workers to work, practicing social distancing and common sense extreme hygene while everyone is not on the roads or nah?
A condom like product to help you eat better(stay with me)
Add "natural selection" as a legal defense.
Someone should score Marvel movie with John Williams music... especially Star Wars themes
To compete with lobbying, people need something stronger than just words and voting. Elect a presidential spanker, who publicly spanks the president when he does something bad as decided by the people.
Instead of debates and rallies, perspective politicians should go through secret tests of character. Including but not limited to: do they return the shopping cart or make a new pot of coffee when it's empty
Create a sword out of solid hair.
Install a wifi camera in your pantry. When you are at the supermarket, just log in and see exactly what you're running low on.
After bringing attention to an issue, use collective brains to employ problem solving techniques. Come up with solutions instead of pointing a finger, complaining, and hurting innocent bystanders
Name a dog “dog” so that if you say “I want a new dog” they will come to you, whining for attention
Air quotes using pinky and ring fingers instead of index and middle
The rest of the Premier League season should be completed on FIFA. Each player can control their own player in a multiplayer online match, while self-isolating from home.
Let Presidential candidates use political memes during debates
Have more guns but use them less often
A video sharing website like the tube of you, but it's called cancel tube. It will be the platform for all creators who were victims to "cancel culture."
Feeding prisoners of war better than your own soldiers.
5% of the government’s yearly revenue should go towards supporting the best project presented by a department. A vote is held every year for this funding.
Voting for policies rather than people.Mandatory basic political science course before you can register to vote.
Navigate Covid-19 with ease | What’s Open
Instead of an election question every citizen and run the country based on the average of the answers
Create a TV Show about people who fight each other using weapons and armor created from whatever they can find in a junkyard the size of Russia.
Possibly by means of a giant space iron, make the earth flat
Rate My Roommate, a site that lets you know what a potential roommate is like based off old roommate ratings
A movie on a robo vacum cleaner who is stolen and can’t get used to its new home.
Catch birds, take them apart, and sell the batteries
Bacon Watch - a Baywatch spinoff about cooking bacon
A sub called r/thisjustin where we can post sarcastic/fake/funny/etc... news headlines that we feel are appropriate for the moment.
South Korea should get rich from drug tourism
Want to get in shape, start running and exercising at midnight. You will certainly meet thieves who will try to mug you. Run away from them as fast as possible. Do this every night and become the healthiest person on earth. This is basically Temple Run but in real life.
Treat heroin addicts by turning them into sissy femboys
I'll CODE YOUR CRAZY IDEA. I dont have plans this weekend, describe your project/idea and I'll try to implement it and send it you
Have LEGO make a Minecraft style game where you build with LEGO pieces in an open world in first person.
What is "Forever"
24-hour Live Piano Recital!
A new law that says if your net worth crosses into the billionaire threshold you have to be the focus of a community shaming event/ roast twice a year in a local stadium.
Mail a cactus to a random address for no reason
Kansas should be nicknamed 'Big Sky Country', not Montana.
Microwaves should have a night mode so it doesn’t beep.
reddit bot that watches for "lonely" posts and messages them to join a subreddit made to get lonely people together
A movie whose moral of the story is that magic isn't real, but that's ok.
A game show called “Risk it for the Brisket” where contestants compete in increasingly high stakes feats for increasing amounts of meat.
a bar of soap with pressurized shit inside it, for those who like to live on the edge. How thin will you let it get before throwing it away?
Replace The Punisher Frank Castle with a black guy
Pre-peeled fruit cut into chunks and served to you by hot birches for free
Law Enforcement Insurance: Pays lawsuits &amp; settlements against police departments, but only if the officer is convicted of a crime and sentenced. Otherwise, the department pays 100%.
Whenever you trying to make a point or assertion to anyone, suddenly exclaim “ and if I’ve wrong, I will eat my hat!”. Then bring a large pitta bread from inside your shirt and wedge it on your head.
Someone should invent "heat cubes" that you can add to your drink to warm it up
Vibrating Condom
An option to order (disorder?) your Reddit feed randomly.
A new genre of music where you don't sing or rap, you just read facts and statistics that scare you.
A mail-in prank site like Dicksbymail.com
Legal Crystal Meth as a safe and legal alternative to coffee.
another kind of twitter which is for half lies and half truths. Anything you say there is not to be taken seriously as half the things you say are supposed to be lies, so for example if someone spreads lies about covid, they're really saying "it may be a lie that &lt;insert lie here&gt;" so no need to ban
Movies have a 2 minute bathroom break in them
If you waterboard yourself with dish soap you can wash the corona virus out of your lungs. Of course you will die, but tweet this to trump and get him to try it
Instead of 'disarray,' spell it 'disrè'
Someday things will go back to normal, and there will be a lot of plywood and lumber people won't need anymore out there. Start a nationwide thing to collect it from those who want to donate and distribute it to help communities in need of building supplies.
As people start to associate Trump’s false statements with life/death, the media should air Trump’s daily briefings alongside a fact-checker. In time, people will start associating all misleading or false statements, and not just COVID’s, as dangerous.
Turkey should start advertising for Armenian products.
Scrabble but instead every person starts with all the letters.
If you ever live to be 100 y/o, just claim you ate a pinecone everyday.
Make a FPS where time only moves when you stand still.
The 10th Fast &amp; Furious movie crosses over with the Mad Max universe: "FAST &amp; FUR10SA"
A chrome extension that removes all Chegg results from google searches
A website that lets you choose a movie that will make you feel a certain way about an actor.
Put shock collars on everyone. If they violate social distancing they get shocked. Each time the shock gets a little stronger, until eventually a drone comes and carries you off to prison.
We have GIFs, but we need them with sound and call them SIFs.
Make a huge 3D Legend of Zelda game set in a futuristic fantasy setting.
make learning every language on earth mandatory for every resident of earth so we don't have to watch shitty dubs
There should be an @someone on discord that randomly @s some one online
For poop map
Movies should have two different versions. The long version that is the full movie and the re-watch version which cuts out the everything that isn't important when you re-watch a movie.
Go to a bar, establish your presence, and then answer your phone while drinking. After a few minute of pretending to talk to someone, loudly exclaim "No, I won't do anal before church!"
No money in presidential campaigns.
Starting an OF
Storm ICE - they can't stop us all
Episode of Kitchen Nightmares featuring a CBD (cannabis) restaurant. The twist - Gordan Ramsay doesn't know
People should be allowed a few posts on karma restricted subs for their cake days.
We should see if human sacrifice will appease the corona god and make him stop the virus
TransParent: The Caitlyn Jenner Story
Now that we know how dangerous tobacco is, should we allow condemned prisoners a cigarette before they're shot by a firing squad?
People organizing protests should include Voter Registration booths
A different way of doing Shooters
Have the government require all caskets to be made out of recycled plastic
Open a restaurant called Applebee
Keep reddit threads open longer forever
Create a fake rabid fan base for an obscure movie from the 1930s (create memes, quote it constantly, etc)
Change Hump Day to Trump Day
The fast and the furious: electric bongaloo.
A mimic well, where if you try to wish for something the coin will be rejected and the well stands up to tell you you don’t need to live on prayers and how you can fix it yourself or with other’s help
An emergency boat propeller being installed at the back of terrain jeeps and similar, to assist if the vehicle gets stuck in moderately deep water.
A fighting ring where you rely only on sticks and your fists.
If Facebook periodically informed users on how many friends unfollow or snooze them, that could greatly improve online discourse.
Girls named "Sara" feeling bad they don't have an "h" at the end of their name, just steal it from "Siobhan." She's not using it
WW2 war effort-style posters to enforce the idea that social distancing, toilet paper rationing, and mask-wearing = patriotic
On April 1st we just.. don't do anything.
Economists say housing is expensive because the supply of housing is not sufficient. However, reducing the population would also address the problem.Cast Jared Leto as one of the Jokerz in a live action Batman Beyond movie.
We should just have presidential candidates engage in a boxing match instead of a debate.
A move where the plot is a woman hires a hitman to kill someone, but she ends up hiring an undercover officer by mistake, but the "hitman" does the job anyway as the target is such a dirt bag
On January 1st, 12:01am EST, Google “why is my pee blue?”
if a large multibillion dollar company like Coca Cola or McDonalds did a total flip and stopped producing new pollutive goods completely, instead lending all money, manpower and profit towards stopping climate change.
A horror movie about a printer that won't stop printing no matter what and the world faces a deadly ending where all humans will be killed suffocating from papers. The printer runs on oxygen.
Why don't more desperate people try putting up dating advertisements on IRL noticeboards to cut through the noise if they can't compete in online/app dating?
Therapy gift cards
A deepfake ai that replaces buzzwords with newspeak phrases.
Sending wiki articles through SpaceSpeak (laser beam).
Add some new months to the calendar so we can have the date 20/20/2020
Opt-out medical insurance
Start a reality show in the U.S. where contestants try to run for president, to surprise voters that you can vote outside a 2 party system.
Right now is as good a time as any for countries to give The Purge a shot
Make politicians raise campaign money through a site similar to OnlyFans, but the catch is if they win, all videos become public record.
Have all hospital tv shows happen at the same extended universe
the right to catch any disease you want to such as by not protecting yourself from that disease well enough while protesting
RandoDate dating service
Microsoft Teams/Zoom need a kick under the table button.
Mini Putt - But For Alcoholics
After you die, send loved ones birthday and holiday cards from beyond the grave for decades with CardsFromYourDeadRelatives.com Sign up now and get 10 years of grandkids birthday cards free.
LPT: Silly String can be used to put a mask on someone without getting close to them, and it fits easily into a purse.
An option on music apps like Spotify to create a temporary playlist that gets deleted later
Overweight+ people should be socially supported to achieve a healthy weight through government organization and funding.
Maybe I should invent underwear with a belt strap. Could you imagine seeing some guy wearing only underwear, but with a belt strapped around it. Now you can take being an absolute Steve Urkel nerd to the next level.
A petition/ pledge to stop watching reboot movies and shows. With enough signatures we might force the film industry to grow an imagination.
Shower that regulates the water to your exact body temperature.
Dentures made with toes rather than teeth. So you can have a mouth full of toes instead of teeth.
An App that let's you via bluetooth listen to other's people music (who would've the app aswell)
A keyboard like a piano that has pedals for bold, italic, and underline.
WE SHOULD THROW RAW ONIONS AT THE POLICE AND SEE HOW THEY LIKE IT!
A social media platform without the politics
The next stimulus should include funding for businesses to transition to work from home.
Plant thousands of vegetables instead of flowers in urban gardens, free food for whoever needs it
Use eugenics to close the racial achievement gap.
Betsy and her Yacht (Benny and the Jets parody)
A livestream quarantine party
Remake the alphabet
A TV Game Show where you have to become a politician.
There should be a company that mitigates, contacts and hosts multiple customer support interactions for situations that involve multiple products.
Make a strain of weed called watermelon sugar so we can finally get that watermelon sugar high
The TV show COPS, but the camera operator is also a public defender.
An app like vine but all videos there must not have sound (objective:make people laugh with making a noise)
What happens when we get to 1 billion vegans?
add 'hye' and 'bi' to the dictionary as alternative spellings to 'hi' and 'bye'
Ed Sheehan should re-release "I see fire" in aid of the Australian bushfires.
Volcanus
A literal Gravy Train. Travel in luxury to exotic destinations while sampling unique gravies from the rarest animals. Each car with a different genus or species.
Vibrating condoms
Public toilets everywhere or make it normal/legal to piss in public.
Mr. peanut is like a nazi sympathizer but for peanuts
All politicians have to serve in a multitude of sectors, including the army, before becoming eligible for candidacy.
Google should make a camera app that gives you free storage
Tsunami defence mechanisms
The next member of the Avengers should be Pianoman, Billy Joel's alter ego.
All roads are now Railroads, to move you take the trolleys, to travel you take the locomotives.
Biodegradable Cigarette Butts
We should age people by when they were conceived, not born.
Dog food companies should include a little dog toy with each bag of pup chow. Like toys in a ceral box
Maybe it's time to start doing more gentic experiments on human embryos and such, to expand our knowledge of human genetics thereby inevitably creating various factions of super human races in the long distant future.
Stop signs should only be relevant if there's more than one car present.
I’m using CryptoTab Browser to surf the web and get income — and I encourage you to do the same! With CryptoTab you can earn BTC just by visiting favourite sites, watching YouTube and so on. It’s based on Chromium, so it’s fast, reliable and familiar. What’s not to like??
Do a reboot of Edward Scissorhands but this time introduce two new characters to the story: Johnny Rockhands and Peter Paperhands. By the end of it, make them have an epic 3-way battle.
Aliens don't visit earth because it's orbited by the wailing spirits of forgotten animal astronauts.
If Trump steals the election, we all don't pay taxes and his government will crumble
A liquid soap dispensing system, the button of which gets covered with grease/oil everytime someone uses it. This would ensure people wash their hands completely in order to wash off grease/oil.
A subreddit that posts anonymously random users' half finished comments that get saved to draft.
A portable bidet that you can keep in a pocket or purse that you could easily clean in the sink while washing your hands so that you don't have to go to the bathroom more then once to wipe again because you failed.
Stranger Things, but they all have really big butts.
Samsung's new 10,000,000,000 watt Super Quick Charger blasts your phone with a literal thundercock lightening bolt from Zeus, charging your battery in 6 fcuking nanoseconds and instantly obliterating you, your phone and anyone you love
A google maps addon for covid stuff
Replace political debates with rap battles
What if we replaced Bottled Water Vending machines instead with Free filtered water coolers?
They CAN hear you!
Bigger ketchup packets
A toilet paper holder with a cell phone charger built in.
Alcoholic maple syrup
A sub for discussing protesting techniques that won't devolve into damaging, dangerous, and/or illegal talk by idiots and/or trolls
If the House votes to approve something that is stalled in the Senate with no vote for more than 60 days, the House can re-vote on the bill and if it gets approved by 75% of the members, it can bypass the Senate as approved.
Rename department of defense to department of offense
Either Democrats or Republicans suddenly change their identified colours. This should make the other party change theirs, reluctantly but in requisite, in response.
A universal system where changing your address/last name on one platform changes your address/last name on everything else that matters.
A crossover show starting Adventure time's Finn and Jake and Steven Universe
Corona should fund virus finder outers, so that they name the next big one Dos Equis.
Since governments love the idea of war, declare War on Coronavirus. Enlist citizens for production of medical supplies.
Universal income.
The Unemployment Office should never be understaffed. They have access to an infinite pool of employment seekers.
A console controller with a track pad instead of togglesRename Boot Camp to Private School
Messi left ahead leaving Pelé
Make A New Calendar With 5 Months Instead Of 12, And With 73 Consistent Days In Each!
A subreddit for those who currently tested positive for COVID19
A Star Wars and Harry Potter crossover movie. It’d be the most hated movie of all time, because their fan bases don’t shut the fuck up.
AI wants us to watch porn instead of having sex with our partners
What if they played out the rest of the NBA season on 2K with players gaming as themselves (From MKBHD)
An area surrounded by toll booths. Free to come in, but costs a million dollars to leave
Have facebook give us the option to let then sell our information: if they do, then they have to pay us royalties.
WWI started with assassination of Archduke Ferdinand, WWII started with invasion of Poland, now WWIII will be started with the assassination of Qasem Soleimani and US invasion of middle east.
Perhaps we should come up with an alternative word for "karens" such that no nice people who just so happened to be born with the name gets wrongfully caught in this mess. One that's not a person's name but a completely new term. That way, we're able to use it at maximum efficiency.
A microwave door that is at least barely less audible than an old diesel truck engine on my livingroom
Find the country with the least amount of debt and reduce its debt to 0 and lower every other country’s debt by the amount the least indebted country was relieved of...
The most realistic combat sport.
A language where every word is from a different language, but it follows English syntax and grammar
"Sexy Quasimodo" Halloween costume
If certain monkeys can demonstrate they have a higher intelligence than low IQ humans when it comes to self-preservation, they should be allowed to vote.
Get 2 professional soccer teams to play a game of soccer with a bowling ball
Genetically modified mosquitoes who carry the coronavirus vaccine
Prisoners should work 8 hours a day farming and planting and cooking to feed themselves!
Facebook Black Marketplace
Gyms need to have cameras lined up with benches and incline benches for people to check their form
Genetically engineer cats and dogs with six legs.
Mandatory signs on every business stating what percentage of their profits are donated to political candidates
A 3D food printer with plant based cartridges that can print a ribeye steak, salmon fillet, or a rack of lamb perfectly. This will remove the need for ranches and animal farms, require more plants to be grown, and might fix the carbon emissions from this sector.
All public bathrooms should have "foot handles" so you can open the door without touching them with your hands
Make a keyboard shortcut to upvote
A sub where we talk about everyday things in the past tense, as if all humans were dead due to coronavirus and we're all aliens who chanced upon a dead planet
Purposefully spread Covid19 to solve the housing crisis
We get Trump to promote as his next cure for Corona,More Cow Bell.
Reviewing Yelp Reviews
Could it work?
Almost all modern humans have 1-2% Neanderthal DNA as a result of homo sapiens migrating out of Africa. If sub-saharan Africans (who never left), are the only people on earth without Neanderthal DNA, how would they evolve if placed in different environments?
Increase Earth's distance from the sun with massive rockets so the sun is less bright. Bonus: also fights climate change.
Reddit should continuously give out free awards so we're all rich with fake money
Deleting reddit comment doesn't actually deletes it but remove username of commenter and he doesn't get any more downvotes.
Everyone wears head cones while outside
Who wants to watch live WW3 or special operations? With VR headset? (Ok I just joke or maybe be not)
nows the perfect tike to start purging. the government is busy juggling its own ballsack to do anything about it right now.
There should be a treadmill built in laptop.The faster you run,faster the internet works
Similar to a golf driving range, but for skipping rocks.
Detective C.I. (confidently incorrect)
A half bong &amp; half flesh light so you can use your finishing as bong water.
Raise minimum wage for Amazon warehouse employees to $17/hour, but require them to wear diapers.
A hypothesis that the Federal Reserve can set interest rates based on the movements of the planet Mars. Here I have data going back to 1896 that shows how the Dow Jones performed when Mars was within 30 degrees of the lunar node. (- from appendix of Ares Le Mandat 4th ed)
Build a monument to the hundreds of doctors who are going to die fighting COVID-19
A random list of ideas to fix the US political system
They should more accurately estimate demand for nexgen consoles.
Dick Sizes Should Be Referred To By Sword Types (Short, Long, Broadsword, Curved, Zweihander, Greatsword, etc.)
Implement Universal Basic Income in the US, but frame it as a "Universal Tax Return" to trick conservatives into supporting it
Butt butter.
Rename the United States to Aaaaaaaaa so it's easier to find on drop-down lists
Add up the total amount of gameshows currently airing, in every 72nd episode of a gameshow currently airing the lowest scoring contestant is executed at the end of the show
Since so many things happen exactly at midnight now we should make the new day begin at noon instead.
You can dream with other people, like multiplayer dreaming
Start a new religion with codes of conduct based on sience to have healthier mind and body.
An auto race with manual transmission cars. The object is to come in last and any drivernthat uses the clutch loses
A car that automatically fines and reports the driver for moving violations.
A period pad for men that soaks up pee instead of blood.
Hey reddit we need help
Companies that are asking for bailouts should have to prove that they also had their “6 month emergency fund” before getting money from governments.
A horror movie called "Someone's in Here!" about a monster or demon that only attacks people who are taking a shit.
Force Henry Cavill to be on The Bachelor so that he can finally pass on those god-tier genes.
Post anywhere that GTA 6 has been released.
Round up the 9Gag community and force them to attend classes on humour.
Homeless robots
Grand theft auto except it simulates being a cop instead of a criminal.
What if we actually started using reddit's crosspost feature instead of saying '(x-post r/subredditname)' in the title and forgetting to link to the OP?
Bubble wrap that bubbles that have already been popped turn a different color
A Reality Show To Make Rich Celebraties More Considerate
If you want to murder someone, the Coronavirus pandemic is probably the best time to do it.
Make a viral 'eat only using your elbows' challenge
There should be an add for either Pepsi or Coca Cola (either one), where the Star Platinum is punching through the wall, like in the ending moments of the theme song “Stand Proud”, and when he breaks through it, he grabs a Pepsi/Cola and opens it.
#trumpchallenge
Make a universal language.
Don't write full comments on facebook. Instead write a few words then ".... See More" just to drive people crazy.
Democracy
It’s time for Universal Time
A fantasy blog for a witch who ran away from home during corona
Cell phone filming classes in high schools.
President Tide Pod
Stop letting stock trading apps advertise on Reddit.
In dictionaries, put the common connotation of the word along with the formal definition.
Build cars that only enable using the brakes if you’re going at or under the speed limit.'To Catch a Predator,' but instead of turning them over to the cops, where there's a 1/50 chance of criminal charges, keep and torture them in a dungeon basement.
Car windows should have a “night mode” setting allowing the driver to see more clearly in the dark.
Quarantanuary: all 12 months have 30 days. The 1st-5th (or 6th on leap years) are forced quarantines with no rent/utility bills etc globally. Every year.
A rapper, but they just get money by mumbling about having money.
A keyboard with a "sarcasm lock" key that capitalizes every other letter while it's on
Introduce a mana system in Pokemon to replace the PP system.
A movie that could make Chinese traditional martial arts look practical, less emphasis on flashiness.
Make a charity event where political candidates play chess and poker.
An Ad by Klondike that reads "What would you do for Corona?"
A messaging app that is just a conglomeration of your other messaging app
A bed that keeps you away from your phone in a built-in safe box just when you lie down, and the only way to unlocked it is taking a minimal 15 min nap
Being straight is gay to gay people .
Bulk sheets of hand-written loose paper to digital files converter.
Movies based around historical events should have an end credit scroll of what the movie embellished or added
A non bias news website that has two tabs, Good News | Bad News.
A face mask that says “I am wearing this mask against my will” or “I am being forced to wear this mask.” To appeal to anti-maskers
You can pay 5% less tax if you voted in your local and national elections.
Unpopular Opinion Buttt...
A system where countries are paired with another country to sort out co2 emissions. With the biggest co2 emitters paired with those most successful at cutting emissions.
only come unt stocks as a percent of the corporation that doesn't change when it splits. 1000 thousandths is 500 500ths. youre not fooling us.
Morphsuit Mob
Cold pillow
A subreddit where "disabled comments" youtube videos are posted so that redditors can comment what they would have if the comments section wasn't disabled.
Let's rearrange the letters in LGBTQIA+ to GLIBQAT+.
A giant pizza, hundreds of metres in diameter, with normal sized pizzas as the toppings.
If Trump ends up having to go to prison, put him in the same cell as Joe Exotic and throw a camera in there.
Make the “This machine kills fascists” sticker ubiquitous: I wanna see bumper stickers, labels on industrial equipment, power tools, appliances, etc.
We should be able to use car insurance for repairs and maintenance
Post r/showerthoughts posts on r/crazyideas because r/showerthoughts became too strict and anal retentive.
United States should have a student exchange between red states to blue states.
A pyramid scheme where we build pyramids all over the world
Lets help our restaurant friends!!
Donate Money
Spread the rumor that all online viewers of the controversial film "Cuties", will be investigated by the FBI
A rival soda to Dr. Pepper named Dr. Salt
#Xisoverparty where X is a k-pop star
You get the newest flagship phone (Apple/Samsung) of your choosing for free... but your phone has built-in ads.
Allow convicts to donate their organs or body parts as a way to commute their sentence.
Guys working from home during Covid19 should grow beards so we all look like we've been stranded somewhere when we go back to work.
Drag queens descend on every single Chick-fil-A in the country at the same time, order food, and leave quietly as if nothing is out of the ordinary.
Collectively bored of your country? Find another country with roughly the same population and economy and switch places! Same nation, history, language, different landscape.
A hot and steamy rom com about Mitch Mcconnell and Elaine Chao
Launch a bunch of 5G satellite nodes from the path of Earth to Mars and they all move while they are orbiting, so the astronauts can have ultra-fast internet speeds while traveling to Mars and arriving there.
Streaming services should have themed live channels.
Include ratings and reviews in dating apps.
Make a "prequel" to a movie but then just kill off all the main characters at the end.
A celebrity makes a biopic of themselves which documents their life beyond where they actualy are in it at the time, and then in real life they later go on to do exactly what they were depicted as doing in the biopic
How to destroy terrorism.
Out of all words i actually write (rather than type), the word birthday is getting to be a very high proportion as i get older
People obsessed with plastic surgery should all following surgeries to be done without anesthetic. That'll teach them to think about what they put in their body.
Start an onlyfans with the promise that all proceeds go towards Gamestop shares. If GME goes to the moon you're rich. If the squeeze fails and it loses all value then you have a built in userbase to help make all your money back.
let's all invest in a property and put it on airbnb
Pre-toasted loafs of bread
Only enforce 1 law each day, and the sentence is death, but nobody knows which law it is until the next day chosen by lottery
Covid'19 Reddit experiment.
In an act that unifies both sides of the Democrat party, Joe Biden selects Bernie Sanders as his running mate
iPhone alarms get louder every snooze.
Want to prove to the government that the people are in charge? Stop paying taxes.
Facts vs opinions
A virtual mental emergency room. 1 24 hour treatment option for people having mental emergencies.
Mobile Games Market Fix
An app that shows two images of things. Any two things. People vote on which thing is better, until we find out what is the top thing in the world.
If you are a Christian and get diagnosed with terminal cancer, you have a slightly better chance of spontaneous remission if you renounce your religion.
A social media platform that shares ad revenue with the users
Lock Joe Biden in a room full of covid19-positive young girls; if he kisses, touches, or sniffs any of them, he'll get infected and die. but if he can contain himself for 5 whole minutes, he's declared the winner!
A sub for homophobic people to go without being bothered
What if self isolating from covid19 is just an excuse so we don’t get radiation while they test how harmful 5G is ?
Police departments should cover most of the medical expenses after the damage they incur..
A documentary about David Attenborough, narrated by David Attenborough
Spread the idea that scientology is pro LGBT so the the Westboro Baptist church pickets any scientology event.
All doctors should be trained in obstetrics
Movies and TV shows should have an international standard as to what counts as an injury, fatal injury, and death.
Create a crazy conspiracy theory designed to lure in the most gullible right wing nuts jobs. Give it a wacko name like Q-Anon. Later admit the whole thing was fake from the start which will cause their brains to explode because it was fake but also was a conspiracy.
World where online education is the new normal and all the property that the universities have are turned into their ideal societies
Keep the Electoral College, but give 40 points to whoever wins the popular vote, no matter how close the election.
A foot pedal under sinks to divert clean water while the hot water warms up.
A glass toaster
Women who sexually harass their coworkers should receive the same penalty as men who sexually harass their coworkers
Send a mirror into space facing earth, so when it reaches half a light year away we can see ourselves a year ago. The further it goes, more into the last we can see
Try to manipulate the US debt as legally as possible
Horse lingerie
We take on the Wall street moguls ourselves and raise stocks like Gamestop with the common folk
Put numbers 1 - 100 in a hat and randomly pick out a number. Go down your street to the house with that number. Push a large gherkin through the letterbox and shout “ beetroot, beetroot. Head for the hills, the porpoises are coming!”
Make the election more like the Masked Singer. You don’t know who you are voting for, you just get to see what they stand for.
"Lost and Found" cubbies at public parks, I just saw a little kid's jacket left on the slide and it made me sad.
Make Donuts illegal for cops with a record of reckless and malicious behavior
If your work from home is going smooth, buy your local IT department a box of donuts when the office is open again
If someone says “Edit: Thanks for the gold kind stranger!”, then the gold automatically gets removed from the post, while refunding the coins to the person who gave the award.
A website like r/subredditsimulator, but real people are the ones who post while bots comment and upvote.
Marketing / branding idea. President Hoover sucked so much in his response to the Great Depression, he had a vacuum cleaner named after him. Given the current times, I'd like to start the Drumpf Perfect Vacuum Company Inc (the other name was already trademarked).
nobody can be forced to censor anything until it is proven illegal and a fine of at least 1 cent paid for the thoughtcrime
Take a video of an opposing political supporter removing your political sign. Reverse the video so it looks like they're placing signs. Then post it on their political forums as a traitor to their cause.
Re-appropriate funding from 'Policing' to 'Protecting' i.e. a "Loss Prevention" Department for the Public!
Next time Nintendo and Sony release something big, they should secretly produce a ton of units, release the product, then flood the market the day after the scalpers buy up the initial release.
Dream therapy where your in a controlled dream with a projected dream therapist and you let everything out and as you go through your therapies your healed under any major issue trauma, ptsd, anxiety, grief, etc.
Build a statue of Geralt of Rivia in the town in Lodz, Poland to honor the Witcher’s author and watch tourism to Poland triple.
What if
Human sperm should cure COVID-19
you get a different super power when you wake up every morning and dont know what power u have until u use it!
Use this opportunity with people not going to work to repair our roads and bridges.
When you are about to get physically bullied, just scream “Whoever touches me is gay”.
Getting to decide what your taxes get spent on.
Dr.Fauci is hoping for anti bodies to cure
Lock every thread in your subreddit because "Y'all can't behave", even when there aren't any other comments in the thread
Instead of a note, all horns should blare the drivers name: 'Peter.. Peter.. Peeeeeeter... Tod, Tooood.... Susaaan... Susaaaaaaan.'
App to cure loneliness. Not as dramatic as it sounds - but we're surrounded by too many people online. A cool app that filters all that down to 5/10 important people in our life and encourages us to be more in touch with them.
All NSFW subreddits using RedGifs.com instead of Gfycat.com
The MLB and the major league softball league should switch fields for one game a year
General Motors should relaunch the Saturn brand as an all-electric line of cars and trucks.
If "free car wash with 10 gallons of gas" is not false advertising, then neither is "free handjob with 10 gallons of gas", and its not prostitution if its free. Either ban both of these or neither.
Do you have any suggestions how to make a coffee shop really stand out from the rest?
Aeroplane washDevote many generations of human life dedicated to domesticating the Rusty-spotted cat. Humans have enough pest bugs around to keep them happy anyway...
We should start writing messages on paper currency. It would make it very exciting to receive and exchange money! It could also show how money travels.
Take all Communists, give them a country and leave them alone. If they prosper, we all become Communist, if they fail, we all discard Communism as failed and finally end the debate around the topic
Moving walkway for sidewalks
Allow public nudity, it's so stigmatized (some places) that more people would stay indoors and away from each other, and we'd have social distance.
A live special T.V event, where all fortune teller, psychics, from all over the world comes together to foretell the next POTUS, night before the election.
Crazy idea: We all make plans to go vote and then we go out and we DO vote and in doing so we ENACT CHANGE!!!! MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE (Broadway PSA)
Separate hospitals for illnesses and injuries/surgery.
Have a separate internet where everyone's username is their real name
All vehicles should have ignition interlock devices. (Installed breathalyzer which you have to blow into and pass, in order to start your vehicle)
Create a service to remember people.
Twitter should let regular people get verified with a different color checkmark so that fake accounts and bots can get weeded out.
Fight global warming by creating an ice-age by freezing a huge enough half spherical 3d chunk of ocean, bordered in 2d by insulating material, then quickly breaking it apart into smaller ice cubes at or above surface level
Genetically engineered drought resistant long lived trees that produce electricity (using a mechanism similar to potato batteries)
Make a subreddit dedicated to beautiful CLOTHED women
If you've got the Coronavirus you get free Coronas, that's just fair
Documentaries about the 90s, but all the footage is in black and white and really grainy. Nobody living is interviewed because it's assumed everyone alive in the 90s is now dead.
A show similar to The Office but it’s about a bunch of customer service reps in India who have to deal with bitchy Americans and Europeans
Start a subreddit where you solicit people for their idle thoughts, delete almost everyone's posts, repost them using alt accounts, then sell those accounts when they have enough karma
All products in the market sold in returnable/reusable packaging
Call straight porn dickumentaries
Crowdfund a trip to space for the leader of the flat earth society
Replace World Trade Center with Big Chungus Skyscraper
The US should introduce a unit of time called "Freedom Moment" equal to about 1.624 seconds. 7 FM equal 1 Imperial Time. A year will have 7.5 months.
Dead People With Something To Say 0.6: Helena Blavatsky
Truth or dare where the dare is you have to get a teardrop tattoo by your eye and everytime someone asks what it's for you have to add another teardrop.
50% of the monetary value of a reddit award is actually transferred in cash to the recipient
NSFW A sex doll connected to the internet measuring your load after cumming and uploading it to a high score board
Doctor Who should have new seasons or movies with past Doctors. Not guest starring or together but taking place between their previous seasons.
There should be individual a NSFW flag for individual comments on posts that aren't NSFW, but people respond with NSFW answers.
There should be a 1930’s-themed restaurant that is just a soup kitchen
A snooze alarm that charges you money. $1 for the first press, then $5, then $100
If 2 presidents show up at once, both claiming that they won, then they both lose, and the one with the third most votes wins.
YouTube should show how many ads you’re likely to see in the video thumbnail.
Create sanctuaries from coronavirus - areas where nobody gets in unless they’re COVID-free and have been for 2 weeks.
Genetically engineer Tiktaalik back into existence
GTA nuke?
Because of the near unprecedented pandemic and questionable activities going on in the U.S. primaries a complete restart should be initiated on all the voting proceedings, after the Coronavirus has ceased being a credible threat to global health.
Change police to 150 negotiators and 5 officers.
A light switch that turns on a woman!
R vs Stata
All the people sent to prison for first time or where judge was doubtfull about their conviction should be sent in a separate prison so that these people can live in a relatively safe environment and have a lesser chance of turning into a criminal due to prison life.
Shut everything down for a whole year worldwide. Electricity, cars, planes, phones etc. Back to basics.
Daylight Savings Time on New Year’s Eve so we celebrate twice.
Start a new Christian religion that includes access to abortions and other birth control methods as a central tenet.A Highway patrol vehicle should have its emergency lights off once the car is pulled over to avoid rubber necking incidents
Have progressives brigade the GOP to turn it into the party of Lincoln again
A guitar that can play itself so it has the sound of a real guitar and the ability to play any chord on command.
Lazy People Life Pro Tips, a sub to dispense advice to the lethargic, sedentary, and slothful. Example LPLPT: Food dropped on the floor can be eaten within 5 seconds with no ill effects.
A gameshow called "Thot or not"
Copper in Public spaces
An anime series of satire, with a fedora wearing neckbeard as a serious, silent protagonist
Actually develop a game like all those fake ads on Facebook.
Check it! Free, Android users only
the word covidly - You can wear a mask like a clown or you can wear it covidly. Dont act all covidly around here punk. Only the most covidly believers at our church.
When protesting, find a collective song to sing. Nothing freaks people out quite like a unified chorus moving towards them. Not to mention how the singing harmonizes everyone together.
I Really, Really Hate Skittles
Everyone that is eligible to serve in the military should. Instead of talking bad about a country learn why people risk their lives for it.
Babies that grow on trees. People who want children but haven't been able to have them the normal way go baby-picking when it's the season. Anti-abortion protestors target them for some reason.
Redefine the purpose of governments to be: Make everyone everywhere filthy rich asap using advanced tech
Science fiction styled mug (for drinking) that beeps and has two different colored flashing lights
Due to the negative connotations, let's change cockroaches name to pussyroaches.
Create a supermarket chain which sells generic brand items from stores not in your area
Zuck should sell Facebook to its users
A browser extension that blocks political ads once you have proved you voted.
College app feedback needed!
Remakes of games/movies where gender of all characters is switched. Females become males, males become females.
Put a camera and headlights on the front of space ships, so we can see what space looks like when it's lit up.
Hand sanitizer that smells like poop to keep you from touching your face
Declare a new country in Antarctica, open a bank and make it a tax haven, where rich and corrupt politicians can hide their billions.
Some people would go back in time to kill Hitler. Instead, stop Plato from his words being twisted into platonic relationships which means no sex.
All major movie Hollywood studios, video game publishers, content providers, tv networks offers all legacy movies, television series, video games, e-books, etc. free to watch/consume for the next 90 days, to help social distancing and quarantine initiatives against coronavirus pandemic.
Covid-19 Implications on the future of work!
I have created a new snack so delicious that the snacking world will never be the same... "When there isn't shit to eat... "URINE for a Treat!"
A Taken reboot where a man's daughter is kidnapped and an Indian man demands to be paid in iTunes gift cards for her safe return.
men go on strike until women legalize the creation of whore jobs. No dating women until that anticompetitive law is repealed. Women are benefitting from banning their competition. Strike!
Cooperative dating app
Redesign Reddit Awards to represent different charities so that when you give an award the money gets split 50/50 between Reddit and the Charity the award represents.
Go-Gurt style Caviar tubes
Sell beer in gallons, like milk
Make a govt that deals with the entire globe instead of separate types of govt dealing with each country.
A Ferris Wheel where the carriages don’t rotate with the spinning of the wheel.
Forgive any remaining student loans for all the doctors, nurses, and medical professionals treating patients with coronavirus.
Make a brand new streaming service. Load it up with as much high-value content as possible, outstripping the likes of Netflix and Hulu and give it out for free. When everyone's hooked, create a new original show that brainwashes all viewers into being your own army, then take over the world.
American leftists / green party folks should call themselves the "American Conservative" party, tricking undereducated Republicans to vote for them because "conservation" big word hard
Edit older and popular games to be compatible with modern gaming systems and re-release them.
Instead of shaking hands or fist bumping we should all just do the Vulcan live long and prosper hand gesture.
A Reddit sub where we can place bets on which new Reddit posts will gain the karma.
A dating site that matches people based on internet browsing history
People with ice cream vans stopped selling ice cream &amp; instead stocked up on daily essentials (milk, bread, tp, eggs, etc). They went around playing their chimes to let the elderly &amp; disabled know they're there and buy things on their doorstep instead of them trekking down to the shops.
Require soon to be parents to plant 100 trees, and 10 every month to help with the carbon management
A bump stock for a rifle with a fleshlight instead of actual stock so you can fuck your gun and it can fuck you back
If America wanted to see positive environmental benefits, we should replace Earth Day with a holiday celebrating the #TrashTag Challenge.
Change the facepalm emojis to faceelbow emojis
LGBQT+ should be a religion, protected under the 1st amendment in the US
Live show that makes all my life decisions for me.
The punishment for stealing food should be just to have a debit taken from a credit system in your name (and possibly a fine on top). If someone is desperate enough to steal food, it should only be a problem for them in the future, so that they can live to see it.
Reddit should create a Rickroll award as an anti-rickroll measure
New copy paste idea
Make one of those "inspirational" sports movies about a team full of misfits that has to overcome adversity to win in the end, except featuring a sport that doesn't exist. Play it completely straight.
Go on /r/depression, look at really old posts about people who want to kill themselves. See if they're still posting, give them gold for sticking around.
Rate foods on order-in apps
Have an option for advertisement that says I’ve already bought the item
Introduce large amounts of a different drug into the water supply each month (like viagra, ecstasy, or ketamine) just to see how everyone would act
Blowing whistles at people who aren’t practicing social distancing in order to publicly shame them into following protocols.
Flip-teacup, horizoscope and screen canteen
Idea: Government offers companies tax breaks if they force their employees to work from home.
Once Izuku(My hero academia) becomes a hero they could make a sequel of his story becoming a villain based on the quote "either you die as a hero or live enough to become a villian"
Lower taxes by all citizens of usa ending their citizenship at once, conditional on all others doing it, which ends usa, then create usa2 which has all the same laws etc but usa2 doesnt owe anyone money that usa was unfairly taxing its citizens for loans to earlier generations. No inherited loans
A TV show or movie that's from the pov of a scooby doo villain, except it's taken 100% seriously with a tone similar to Breaking Bad
What if we make a dating site BUT instead finding apartner you can find the perfect Sibling or Friend
Creating a real FLMSMDFR
"Swish Kebab", a shish kebab restaurant where your meal is free if you can sink a few free throws after you eat.
Make a Bunch of Really Annoying Autoplay Ads to Advertise Your Ad-blocker
As a senior prank, manage to get into the school's speakers system &amp; play pummped up kicks for about 30 seconds. Then follow it up by lighting some firecrackers in the hallway.
Change it to: “Watch topless broadcasts right now.”
Those touch screen Coke machines with the huge number of flavors should have a suicide option where it mixes a bunch of random flavors together.
Realistic dating sims that actually teach people how to date
End racism by having mixed race children
Schools not testing if people can remember things. We have computers for that.
Instead of reCaptcha making you do an annoying test, it’s just a checkbox that say “I’m a robot” and robots would just click it
Better Brake Lights
A reverse AA/ narcotics anonymous
place debating presidential candidates in separate isolation chambers and let the moderator control their microphones
Why can't self-reflection be the theory of everything
We should create an accessory connected to our smartphone capable of detecting all the health problems
Ancient Romans or Italians
Let's stop making people's deaths a competition
Let all of the pro sports play again, but players and fans have to always stay 6 feet apart.
Have some serious psycho spend years building a diabolical contraption that is a 7 mile spanking machine using cold hearted robots to spank your tush with a series of motorized spatulas.
Adopt chopsticks as the universal utensil and phaseout forks as a way reduce plastic use
Diagnose every single human being as bipolar, globally distribute medication for it and force its intake across the population.
Game shows should keep the losers for the next show until they win.
Once we all get drafted for WWIII and have access to all the weapons, let's overthrow the government.
Announce that an image of John Cena will be added to Mount Rushmore...
China, upset about the Tiktok thing, should hack reddit and make many screens look like weird Trump endorsements.
A tax on drugs that goes to anti-drugs and help organizations.
Sell everything you have and give it to the poor.
Make this the Most Down Voted post on Reddit
What if... God.
Everyone thinks they know what’s best for everyone else, so make an invention that shows them what the world would actually look like if they made up the rules.
A subreddit for sharing interesting ideas, similar to this one, but the ideas should be created based on the knowledge, science and technology available in a time period, specified by the post.
Cancel the Olympics but award medals for a country's response to the virus
Trumpolean
We should all wear pins with two lit buttons, one green and one red. Green= “Feel free to strike up a conversation!” Red= “Do not disturb.”
YouTube should display the amount of money one has earned through watching advertisements to persuade customers into buying YouTube premium.
With the amount of stress it takes, the president should have weekly mandatory therapy.
Someone should change their name to "Anyone But Trump" and run for president.
A crowd funded, cyber bounty site for hackers.
A law that gives the residents the power to throw buckets of water to any other resident if the other resident isn't wearing a mask.
Animating iOS widgets – I found a solution and built an app prototype.. Widgif 📲
The ball that drops for NYE 2020 should be the covid-19 virus.
A horror movie The Boy but the doll is a barbie doll.
Pay all college coaches the same
How about a piece of red ribbon at the end of a roll of dog poop bags. That way you don’t forget to replace your roll before your next walk.
Home alone style movie
Submarine periscope for your house
wouldn't work but: an energy weapon powered by double A's/a marchmellow heating stick
Are Humans addicted to Water?
All automobiles should come standard with vinyl flooring and have the option for carpet.
A very famous trending artist like Billie Eilish or Taylor Swift should conduct a social experiment where they purposely release a terrible song and see how fans react
In the future, paper job applications will have the "I am not a robot" test IRL because it will be hard to tell.
A single-state solution in Israel where there are two governing bodies: one where proof of ancestry or Jewish heritage is required (to assuage the fear that a one-state solution would cause an influx of Arab citizens, therefore outnumbering Jewish citizens/voters) and a general body
Stay at home order. People with even numbered addresses on their id can shop grocery stores and pharmacies Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Odd can shop Tuesday and Thursday. Reverse order every other week. No hoarding.
The U.S should make two American Football teams, one for Democrats, one for Republicans. Whichever wins the “Political Super Bowl” wins office.
Reddit Repost Fix: If someone reposts and gets a lot of karma, OP can write a ticket with evidence that they posted it first and reddit automatically transfers all the karma to OP
A rap battle between two ventriloquists that always pretend it's the other one talking.
Petition to name the next virtual assistant "Boomer"
Use the cutlery tray as an ice mould
If this could happen
Crazy idea's
Make an MMORPG with Google Earth and make the entire world the Map
Third app on Twitter or Instagram when someone followed you it automatically break the follow. Its great if you didnt want to be private but also didnt want any follower.
Have all court systems replace "years in prison" with "seconds in the giant microwave".
Run for a political position backed by big corporations, then admit all corruption on live television and hand over the race to the most moral competitor.
Make a registry of suicidal people to use when there's need for fresh organs, body parts, and any sacrifice of life
Swap all babies between different, rival, countries to make peace.
Lego Police Officers should have Body Cams on them
If everybody gave this post an award
New show: Horny on main.
All older EOL’d devices should be opened up for people to use them.
Jon Bolton should go on television tomorrow and tell us what he knows
Dress your toddler in medieval armor and make them wear it constantly. Keep upgrading the armor while encouraging your child to pursue sporting endeavors. When they reach high school, take the armor off and have them try out for track.
Next Mission Impossible movie have Ethan Hawk interrupted by a call to extend his car warranty, while out on critical part of mission
Run for president, collect campaign contributions but only campaign in Hawaii. After 3-4 weeks of luxury living, announce you are suspending your presidential run.
Do you have experience with mental health mobile application? A short questionnaire for my dissertation thesis
An alexa/Google home, but pocket sized?
Sprinkles the size of candy bars called "sprunkles"
A loose trade and immigration movement between Australia, Canada, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom
Testostrogen
A sub like r/AskOuija but instead of letters people describe a specific characteristic and when it says "goodbye" an artist has to draw what was described like a police sketchter.
A postal service where you can buy empty postcards online from all over the world, have your address written with pencils, sends out with local stamps and local stamp cancellation; then Mail to you.
A Zoom filter that detects when you have a single finger moving toward the center of your face and then blanks out the video feed, in case you forgot you had your camera enabled when you were about to pick your nose.
A remake of Titanic with Johnny Depp and Amber Heard, but at the end Johnny Depp drowns Amber to save himself
kids party idea
Problem solved
Time Travel with 1.22 gigawatts
A baby car seat that doesn’t take witchcraft coupled with a PhD to unlock.
A closed captioning option that gives you the definition of less commonly used words when they're spoken by a character on a movie/TV show to help expand your vocabulary.
Apps like Zoom and Messenger should make a fake mute button that doesn't actually mute you
Make a personal reminder bot that will remind you to complete your routine.
Use Vacant Office Buildings as Extra Classroom Spaces
Stealthily break in and out of a high security building without taking anything so the police go nuts trying to figure out a motive
A phone with an extra screen in the back that always shows the front camera so you can constantly be staring at your phone and people can still see your face.
The New Apartments of the Future
Phone lines connect automatically if they are calling each other simultaneously.
A phone app like Uber Eats but you order clothes
Pass a law that makes it illegal to murder black people in the US
Require an employer's Healthcare provider...
See if all the governments of the world can agree which kind of pizza to serve every person on earth 1 slice who wants it, the exact same kind of pizza, for free at government's expense. Or if governments are unable to pass a simple test of their ability to agree on things and rationally negotiate..
Develop an at-home over-the-counter test for flu viruses like pregnancy tests.
UPS should run an ad campaign for Down's Syndrome awareness and call it UPS and Down's
Mobile App Ad System That Will Only Show Ads For Apps You Haven't Downloaded
If plant based burgers are actually indistinguishable, a fast food chain should make promo where the customer gets 1 regular burger and 1 plant based, without being told which is which.
A world where you cannot label yourself or others.
Let Bruce Buffer announce the results of the 2020 US Election
Cake! Cake! Cake!
Crazy idea: show downvotes for ads on reddit.
It might be crazy but, I would love to see a movie about Frank Zappa starring Adam Driver. I think he would do an amazing job with that role and kinda looks enough like him to pull it off. He has the acting chops for it too. Does anybody else think it would be cool to see a movie about Frank too?
Hollywood should switch to all animated movies during the pandemic
Selling celebrity donor poo for fecal transplants
Face implants so you can stick your mask to your face with magnets
Charge people trying to return toilet paper and other boarded essentials a service fee for using Customer Service, then deny the return anyway
A documentary in the style of Steve Erwin, but rather than watching animals in the wild, we watch human men trying to attract a mate during COVID quarantine.
Every word has a politically correct form and an offensive form, like nigga vs nigger, by just changing the last few letters. If midget is offensive, then make midgot PC instead of "little people". When making up a new word, go ahead and make 2 of them.
Websites about TV shows should make you enter what episode you are on and displays information on a character or event etc. according to what point you are at
An LED sign in the back of your car with a button panel to show various messages to drivers behind you. Call people out for tailgating in real time!
Spread millions of kilos of cannabis seads over the world using airplanes, to force a legalization world wide.
Let's all start saying "father fucker" instead of "mother fucker"
A bar that had in-house gear for you to build and race pinewood derby cars during your visit.
You've heard of the Human Centipede. Introducing: The Human Sewer Pipe
Couples Fighting Day
Go to a water park, get on the water slide and at the end before you get off throw some shards of broken glass behind you for the next person
Making a type of aptitude test mandatory before being allowed to vote in any type of election.
A shot for shot remake of Blazing Saddles
Full-contact Chess.
Spray the world with a civil bomb, which will infect us all and no more fighting, crime, and murder thus making a civilized world
Edit a viral post, slowly turning it into a blog, where every edit says what happened that day
Why don't we all put our efforts together to put an end to "Auto Warranty" sales calls?
How to explain periodic changes of mood to your boyfriend
Stream yourself sleeping (sound only) for lonely people to listen to while they sleep.
What is consciousness and gravity and fundamentally the same thing?
no one with a net worth of 1 million + should be able to be in government
Create a reddit “new” day where all post are loaded by new for the entire day.
Sin City Porn
Redesign all cereal mascots to have that Heroin Chic look from the 90's.
The ability to subscribe to playlists as well as channels on YouTube
An app or website where you can enter demographic data about yourself and your loved ones, and see the odds of dying of coronavirus.
Engine Remodel
What if every political party in the world had their own anthem? Wouldn't that be epic?
Have YouTube make a "Listen to Later" playlist that works just like "Watch Later" but just for music
Sustainable ingredients rater - Ranks how sustainably produced a product is based off its individual ingredients
A gameshow called “Its Not Rocket-Science” where rocket scientists have to work together solve complicated real life puzzles
Best Top 10 Cheap price laptops
Convert all the prisons to university.
A pig spit roaster for humans tanning themselves at the beach
Everyone gets election day off, but only if you return a voting receipt from the poll site to your employer, like a doctor's note
Do a complete overhaul of English spelling so that it’s easier to learn.
Collection of over 3,300 ideas
Tinder for lost socks and gloves
An app that just shows an orange arrow pointing up next to a number that increases by random increments over the course of the day, and resets to zero at midnight. It would provide the same endorphin high as Reddit, but without having to write stupid shit.
Can someone give me ideas for solo content. I am runninh out of ideas
A writing subreddit called something along the lines of Finish My Dream or something where people post prompts based on dreams that they woke up in the middle of. Other people then use the prompts to write a story and, well, finish the dream.
If two people are calling each other at the same time, rather than going to voicemail, it automatically connects the call.
Have everyone who wants government healthcare in the US all move to a small state, say New Hampshire. Then enact statewide healthcare so good every other state follows suit.
Given the current events, there should be a sequel to "Supply Side Jesus," Hedge Fund Robin Hood.
Imagine law means Legal rAW material. This explains so much.
Crowdfund to pay for a month of an electronic billboard in NYC. Play various clips of police brutality on loop. Even better if this billboard is nearby the NYPD headquarters.
Netflix movie theater
A brush for your butthole called the Buttbrush
An AR app that lets you visualize data packets flowing in and out of your network devices to their destinations
Looking for Suicide Letters
Police officers are partnered with paramedics and are just called first responders. Paramedics asses the situation and police officer is there for backup. Paramedics have authority because life trumps law.
Free streaming services could charge a tiny fee each time you choose to skip an ad. If used sporadically, it should be cheaper than the paid, ad-free service but more expensive if you use it consistently.
CELEBERITY BOXING MATCHES
Let it be revealed that the entire "X-Men" mythos occurs only in the imagination of the non-superpowered, homebound, paraplegic Charles Xavier.
Get a receipt of what specific improvement to the world your money causes when you donate to charity, cuz otherwise theyre more often than not, selling false hope
An animated film called Sex Toy Story.
Put the candidates in a sound proof room and play the questions to them and have them say their answers into a microphone.
Delayed share button or share drafts.
Leave a fake warning in your neighbor’s mailbox if they’re breaking social distancing rules.
Power plants that use greenhouse gasses as fuel
A K-pop music and dance show called "Seoul Train"
an anarchist political party but you cant find any true anarchist who would accept the job to lead it
Start a social trend where you greet people by saying, "Did you register to vote?" instead of "How are you?/How was your weekend?" Change your farewells like, "See you tomorrow!" to "Register to vote by !"
Create a mostly useless computer virus that changes all file names to "Corona Virus".
An agency where you hire an attractive young woman to represent you in your working endeavors.
Delicious diet foods and desserts that make you vomit
The Comfy rope: a padded rope with dense points to constrict blood flow to the brain while allowing for breathing. A comfortable way to die. 19.99
Reverse Circumcision. Leave the foreskin, cut the dick
Shopping robots we can remotely drive to the store to pick up groceries we need without catching Covid-19.
A competition every year - "The Biggest Asshole of the Year Award!" Where the winners receive a prize they wish they never got!
An online platform for game developers which you can send your beta game and allow gamers and programmers to fix the bugs.
Crazy idea, check this out
A two player version of Tetris where one player plays Tetris and the other side decides what blocks drop.
There should have a "B! Network" that is like the E! Network but they only follow around billionaires to see what they do all day
We should put milk cubes in water, so you can have 2 different drinks
Create an orbital missile that can reach lunar orbit. Every time you hear someone say the phrase "shoot for the moon", launch a missile and drop a bomb in a random place on the moon.
If your parents are not agreeing with your point, just send it as WhatsApp forward.
Do flat earthers believe that the sea level is sinking?
Fifty Shades of Grey but without sex
Diabetic citizens in countries with free healthcare could just ask their doctors for one additional prescription and donate that to diabetic citizens of countries with extremely high insulin prices (USA), kind of like an underground medical charity drive.
Since Donald can't debate let's have famous celebrities substitute both parties. Chuck Norris/Kayne West (R) and Alyssa Milano/Jay-Z
HBO Should release a redone, canon Season 8 for Game of Thrones on Halloween.
Selling access to my (25F) security camera
We fucking fire every single elected offical in November, regardless of party.
Mobile game features to help covid battle
Another option for traditional school
A well known website that is able to calculate and inform artists/creators how much a brand should be paying them or is able to pay them to avoid getting scammed
Make a satellite that can pull itself towards light.
Money doesn't exist. Commerce is done with units of time per day.
Make Arizona Ice Teas the reserve currency since they’ve been 99¢ for 20+ years
If you vote and your vote gets tossed out you shouldn't have to pay taxes that year.
If someone commits stolen, instead of arresting them, put them in the warzone
After you vote there should be some way to block political tv ads until the election is over
Elon Musk should get the designs for the DeLorean and give us the proper Back to the Future car on the road
Use sane voting systems for “exit polls” in the US
The series 24, but there are also scenes of a guy who spends the whole day normally, completely unconnected to the story.
The this site can't be reached paper icon on Chrome should have a game.
Consumer Unions
We should use prisoners as a labor force for public constructions like buildings or highway. For their work, they will earn free days, good food, or even access to "recreation rooms" where they have bowling, billiards, or TV with Netflix.
Advertise an interesting product with a guaranteed refund if it's not received in the mail. Never ship product. Send refund checks from an obscene company si they are not cashed. Example: Gargantuan Alien Dildo Company
Change elections so that every citizen is a candidate and you campaign in person, by saying what you will do. Ban political advertising.
Relabel COVID-19 as an STD so the idiot kids in Florida take it seriously.
The Capital Storm sparks a revolution...
False caller
Instead of using the words ‘ yesterday, today and tommorow ‘, use the words ‘ lasterday, thisaday and nextaday.
Vote Biden so when he "loses" we can prove that voting never mattered when the system is rigged. The bigger the numbers and discrepancies, the more ammo we have for later.
Modify depression to make it not suck balls, or just cure it
Empire Building/Moba combo game
Bernie Sanders should adopt the slogan "Make America Great Again"
I believe I can fly
We should build water pipelines from oceans to create irrigated deserts
0.5 stuffed Oreos
An old school arcade style video game where you set up your credit card with it and if you die the only way to continue is to be charged $0.25
A sex doll dog for dogs.
Had an idea about how mass really works
Feed your dehumidifier into your humidifier so the humidifier never goes dry
Limit the number of bullets the police are allowed to have, and if they use a non-approved bullet they are punished.
Shopping carts should be unlocked with a credit card. If you don't return the shopping cart to its original location, then your credit card gets billed $100.
Urinals that shake your penis for you to get the piss off
I have no power
Requ
With grammar nazis there should be a grammar hitler.
"No mask, no shirt, no shoes, no service" signs posted everywhere instead of mask disclaimers
Clickbait titles should be mandatory so people actually RTFA.
Soak your mask in chloroform before wearing it. That unpleasant feeling of wearing a mask will go away.
People should start using moss instead of turf on backyards
An update to 2020 sports games that takes the fans out of the live games and adds Covid-19 talk into the commentator dialog.
MTV The Real World: Political Edition - have Trump supporters, Bernie supporters, ANTIFA, Proud Boys, etc live together for 6 months
A Vote for your taxes (USA)
Remove the social distancing requirements, but enforce the mask mandate to convince more people to wear it on all occasions.
New Holiday on Jan 31 called "Traitor's Day", where we elect those who betrayed the country to the National Hall of Shame.
An app that tells you what music the people around you are listening.
Toll Elevators and Timed Staircases
Canned anti-hangover cocktail variety packs, made with Pedialyte &amp; Vodka.
Have presidential candidates go under oath during debates so when they lie, it is perjury.
A seedless pomegranate
Chick-fil-A should hold church services at their restaurants on Sunday as an excuse to stay open for the sabbath. The fried chicken and milkshakes can be for "communion".
Add Monday to the weekend.
Lowercase numbers
A store where all employees are called "manager" so anyone can answer when Karen asks to speak to one
Rapping dog TV show
A dimmer switch for the light in the refrigerator.
Apple must create a simulator of the apple company, as a way to find new ways of business that people do.
Netflix should make a show called "The Meme King".
Ontop of Destroy Dick December, we make a Fap for Freedom February.
Excessive Use of Force Settlements should be Dispersed from the Police Department Pension Fund
Offhandedly call your therapist mom or dad, just to keep them on their toes.
A setting on your phone that allows a remote contact to delete the conversation on your phone as well as theirs when you allow.
What if someone invented a phone that would absorb energy from you and therefore, you’d never have to keep it down to charge it? Would you buy it? Why or why not?
Stan Lee Biopic
Just use emojis instead of reddit awards. They're free.
Sean Evans, host of Hot Ones, interviews a hologram/VR/Green Screen version of Sean Evans from Hot Ones. The twist is that he,as the host, has to eat the hot peppers whole that the hot sauces are made from instead of the sauces on the wings while he, as the guest gets to eat the wings with the sauce
Reboot "Head of the Class" with Chris Christie as Dennis
Cast Octavia Spencer as Dr. Otto Octavius.
Why hasn't some ultra-rich dude built a bullet proof plate armor suit yet?
Bathroom stalls with speakers that play fart and grunting noises so no one knows if it’s you or not.
A Chernobyl show where it doesn't explode, but we never explain that it won't
Give political leaders in the Middle East some MDMA and a room to hang out and dance in
If you don’t teach history, it’s doomed to repeat itself, so just don’t teach any of the good things in historySocial experiments you can do without people noticing
Design for lockdown.
Make all reddit ads allow comments as a requirement
Make being sleep deprived illegal. If found to be working, driving or endangering lives by trying to function when inadequately rested, you're placed under house arrest until you're fully recouperated.
If we overpay to a credit card company they should give us the same interest they were charging us.
Everybody google tesla stock rising once per day for January. This will affect search algorithms and buyers will rush to get Tesla Stock seeing the popular search results. This means that Tesla will rise way more than usual and be really good for our portfolios.
Pedialyte alcoholic beverages called Pedia-lite, with low calories and no hangover
Temporary tattoos inside of condoms.
Better Hygiene = Shorter Hair
Fight WWIII with humanoid robots controlled by drafted gamers.
An "even faster" counter at fast food places; you get your food as fast as physically possible, but aren't allowed to complain when they get your order wrong
A website where people share their best bookmarks
An app that tracks all brands that have ever been advertised to me, so I can boycott them.
My new restaurant “EATIN’ OUT”where you can EAT everything on the menu and then when finally bulging with your food baby, you press the button and a gorgeous bed folds down out of the wall which you then roll into and pass OUT. Rinse and repeat.
Bring Blockbuster Back
All electronics manufacturers have to label their charging cords so we know which one to use from that wad of tangled cords we all have somewhere.
Real smoke during a fire drill. Someone might get hurt but it's not much of practice if you couldn't.
We should work together to SPAM the people who bought up all the TP and other products to resell at insane prices.
Jesus Christ wasn't a person, it was a spaceship
Lets start calling candy wrappers"Clothing for lumps of pure sugar"
Porn that teaches you things, and then makes you do a quiz before the good stuff starts
Those plastic bottles of spices, like in your spice rack, but they dispense the spices in pre-measured amounts.
Fines should not be a set amount, but rather a percentage of what you earn
A pet animal which is a combination of a cat and dog, taking the best qualities from both
A collaborative playlist on Spotify called Russian Roulette where everyone adds random songs, but you have to use shuffle play and the song you get is either totally bad or really good
An App to Meet New People Based on Personality
We all get together and find some random Redditor and make them ‘Reddit famous’
For when a daughter is named after her relative, call them a Juniette, since I never hear anyone using the term Junior for women.
At the grocery store, have only the anti social employees work the express line to speed things up.
Companies that go to criminals houses and get your stuff back via find my phone/laptop etc
⠠⠍⠁⠅⠑ ⠠⠃⠗⠁⠊⠇⠇⠑ ⠞⠓⠑ ⠕⠋⠋⠊⠉⠊⠁⠇ ⠇⠁⠝⠛⠥⠁⠛⠑ ⠕⠋ ⠞⠓⠑ ⠠⠥⠠⠎⠠⠁
A company that delivers its products by mail, called "NotDildos".
A Universal survival system.
How about a new holiday gift idea? It's the all new "screaming pillow". For when you just want to scream endlessly into a muffled surface. Which by December is going to be all the rage.
What If Corporations Used Karens to Eliminate Opponents?
Running half a Marathon to Fundraise £2,100 for A21 in order to raise awareness to Human Trafficking and Modern Day Slavery
HOA Bounty Hunters
If we declare war on the Police they’ll have to follow the Geneva Convention
The reason why you are still alive as an individual is because you die constantly in your daily life
A cooking show where two teams have to prepare a meal judged by Gordon Ramsey, of course.
To defuse the bomb in Counter-Strike, it should require a skill based mini-game.
If you have enough capital isn't insurance a guaranteed like 80% profit?
Instead of adding 1 day every 4 years, we should asd a whole month every 120 years
Knight's tournament between police and protestors/rioters, with nothing to gain. Just want to see some jousting.
They should re-release the movie Groundhog Day as Groundhog Day 2.
What do you think of the earplugs with volume control for those who are tired of the constant noise?
Project Postmaster (Starting on September 8th, the Day after Labor Day, we send letters every where in the nation)
Gamify YouTuber audience participation with content quizzes!
Lying about anything, no matter how small, while on duty as a politician, should receive the death penalty.
A plugin for Minecraft where all combat is turn and roll based. It would require tweaking other aspects of the game as well.
The US government could start a "MAGA" pro gun Facebook group and start their own private gun registry that way, two birds one stone
If any customer is found in a retail store after its designated closing time, the employees are allowed to hunt them for sport.
Make a sub that discusses weekly events in the US as if it was an episode of TV
Create a Flash Series That is Realistic
Someone should make "We Didn't Start The Fire - 2020 Edition"
Daughter goes back in time and breastfeeds her mom as a baby
Have Boris Johnson tweet that this will be a bad year for Britain in hopes that it reverse psychologies the universe
Save the earth by making it illegal for medical professionals to tell Americans the gender of their unborn child. Thus eradicating gender reveal based ecocide.
Everyone leaves the administration together, which effectively gives him zero power to do anything
How about we stop pretending democrats and republicans are entirely different human beings? We are being pitted against one another to sow division and distract from the wealthy stealing as much as humanly possibld. Most issues aren't political at all, and it's dumb that we pretend they are.
Zero spoiler mode for Netflix, where no episode descriptions nor images are shown
Pogo-stick crutches
Put a bunch of weed in a meat smoker (in place of wood) and use it to cook like a rack of ribs or some other meat.
DON'T SHOWER!!! It will naturally keep their social distance from you!
Spiderman, but he can only shoot webs out his penis.
A new blaxploitation hero named Ghetto'ness Dixon
Thinking about taking place in a riot? Don a beekeeper suit, fill a bag with multiple hornet nests and chuck them at whoever you are rioting against
Toothpaste holders that snap the cap on and off, so you don't have to twist it every time.
Phone call for eye opointment
IBM's Watson should host a presidential debate.
An optional “tone indicator” button that you can push after reading a tweet as to not ruin the initial reading of a joke or satirical post (as opposed to /s, /j, /gen, etc.)
What if someone makes a perfect c.oronavirus vaccine with an unknown side effect that makes the vaccinated person infertile and everyone takes the vaccine?
ARGCeption
Here's a crazy idea for all of you
Testing the limits of your parents patience
A website where attorneys rate each other... who would know better than them?
Olympics event combining long jump w/10m platform dive
Create a website called "not Wikipedia" what's exactly like Wikipedia except for the name, so when the teacher says you can use any source as long as it's not Wikipedia, you don't have to look very far.
A quiz show where all the answers are secretly wrong
Removing a picture file size limit from uploading on reddit.
Pull a full North Korea lockdown for 2 weeks to end coronavirus
The next time you can be in a full Starbucks scream: STOP! HAMMER TIME! and do that back and forth dance.
Kids Interview Presidential Candidates
expose COVID-19 to space
Macro nutrient breakdown on your groceries receipt
Ice cream shops should star using edible spoons made of the same material as the ice cream cornet, instead of plastic spoons
Have the U.S send someone with coronavirus to an enemy as biological warfare.
A device that freezes time inside delivery boxes, so your food arrives like it was just made
Bill Gates was an alternate universe Steven Hawking that wasn’t crippled.
Smart phones should automatically come with a feature that allows you to record with all of the cameras at once - front and rear.
Can every journalist ask him if he is being sarcastic after each announcement that he makes?
Even though it’s not as prevalent as it used to be,say you got ‘Gyped’ in a transaction,no one thinks about it. Say you got ‘Jewed’ you are a racist.it definitely has something to do with who controls the airwaves. But if you point that out you’re like John Goodman in the Big Lebowski.
An monthly event where a bank skims one cent from everyone who opts in, and gives all the money to a random charity.
COVID-19 vaccine clinical trials done FAST
Subtitles should be like gifs
Is it possible to file a class action lawsuit against the Federal Government? Or a State Government?
Give ur prediction for the next 50 years.
Cover your exterior doors with memory foam mattresses. No way the police can kick your door in now.
Hire someone to test my husband fidelity
A water slide park with elevators instead of stairs
Make the new “standard” size of paper 7.5x10 to save a ton of paper
Take the Swastika back from the Nazis by using it as a universal symbol for interracial sex
I will use the reddit light theme for the entire weekend.
A function within smartphone cameras that lets you film in landscape, even if you're holding the phone in portrait.
Large grapes
Next Reddit April Fools could be a subreddit where everyone is a moderator, and there is only a reply and remove button below any post or comment. No voting, no reporting, no awards, no flairs, no stickies.
Instead of prison, send convicted felons to the military.
If someone claims to be the reincarnation of a certain other person, then the crimes and debts rollover to their new body. Government should not enforce religion on anyone, but if the person claims they did the crime in a past life, thats a confession.
Opposing political candidates should be forced to spend a week together off-camera to build a sense of comradery and create a bond between them. This serves to reduce the demonization of candidates for stupid or unsound reasons.
A fucked up creamation center for assholes.Masturbate everytime you get rickrolled. Keep doing it until at one point you start enjoying rickrolls.
Put a 10-20 year moratorium on hiring white men as police officers and see if that helps?
Reddit should rename 'share' to 'spreddit', 'delete' to 'shreddit' and 'karma' to 'creddit'. Yet they haven't. I don't geddit.
Bomb a country to make better film plots
Regulators aren't doing shit to stop scam robo calls and robo texts. Use that same technology to spam out porn to random numbers. Watch all the pearl clutchers in Congress suddenly get concerned.
See if universal basic income quells unrest in the US.
A Luneselrg lens that is paper thin and focuses radio waves which is like a super fresnell lens out of a luneberg lens
your phone beeps - this has been a test of the emergency broadcast system. had this been an actual emergency, you would have seen covid bodies laying dead on the streets.
A Batman movie where in response to Gotham's growing, yet perpetual level of high crime the government enacts a "final solution" that calls for a bomb to be dropped on it, and shows how Batman and the DC world respond to this.
A gym that does not accept any new members on january
NFL Draft
Online stores that recommend items based on your purchases should have a "For Someone Else" box at checkout.
DMX could defeat could defeat the coronavirus
Upvote me to karma heaven baby
Moon the entire world
Tens of millions of drivers should have to pay fees fines and taxes to "insurance companies" just in case one of those cars should happen to crash.
A silent microwave.
Thinking!!!There should be a place for people to go live with someone who shares their exact negative qualities so they can experience what it feels like for others to to deal with them and hopefully work on themselves. Like personality rehab.
Reddit upvote arrow should get closer to red the more upvotes a post have and become red when it's hot
Cancel summer.
Spider-Verse 2 including a cameo of Spidey and Elsa from those creepy YouTube "kids" videos.
Crazy easy extra money. Click the link and sign up today!
Have a repost bot who's sole purpose is to repost posts after a set time. This will enable people to see what they may have missed and also help curb the amount of people seeking high karma accounts to sell.
Just put fabric softener sheets in your pockets to smell fresh quickly
Ban any movie whose plot ends with saving the world
Reddit should have the option that instead of getting coins for awards, a user can send a donation to a charity of what those coins would have cost
Instead of starting a war, countries pick one representative each who either hold a structured debate or fight each other in a controlled environment to resolve the conflict.
Stores should livestream their shelves so people can shop from home during the pandemic.
Since we're updating logos/brands to get with the times...
Make mobile games where you don't have to buy in game currency just to play the damn thing and don't bombard people with ads so that mobile gaming is once again a thing and not just shit.
Skin dye, in bright colors that is applied &amp; lasts similarly to hair dye.
Oregon should make it illegal to do heroin
Uranium sticks to warm up your food
PHONE SCREENS!
Tuck buddies
what if CUTIES was made to Catch paedophiles?
Students should just posting pictures of their schools now. They can’t suspend everyone, right?
Trump and Biden should both win and be forced to live in the White House together. It should also be on film the whole time so the footage can be used for a reality show.
A new punishment for a crime that strips off the person's humanity and be treated like a wild animal
Trump can deny Biden the honor of being the 46th president of the US.
Shark Tank, but all the sharks get blackout drunk first
Legally change your name to something comedically similar to a political party like "Donald Republican" and get paid to run 3rd party in a number of electrons. Just having a name like that on the ballot would likely steal a good number of votes from a particular party.
There should be a lottery type thing where people in the US are picked at random to get to go on fighter jet rides... can't figure out a good reason why this should be done other than it would rock
Ellen's new show only consist of her buttsniffing underlights sniffing her farts on live camera and the show is called smEllen
Teachers that force students to stay after the bell should have to go through detention.
A continuously open mailbox for people to mail in opinions on different things that is then scanned and sorted into categories for data for research
The power to control people's focus.
In order to boost economic aggregate demand, require everyone to be buried or burned with all their belongings like some pharaoh of old.
Instead of $1000 in cash a month for UBI, what if everyone got to select $1000 in stocks a month
Record all the commercials about the corona virus and ordering non contact to use in the documentary about the virus in the future.
A show called "I read online..." where a host tries out advice given by Reddit/Instagram/Facebook for various situations to test if any of this stuff actually works
There should be a mortal Kombat style game but using real actors
Sell ad space on strippers
Just use finger print recognition as password unlock on all sites.
Bill Gates starts a farm machinery co-op, where any farmer can purchase equipment with complete legal right to repair and access open source diagnostic tools.
AI chatbot that is tailored to be your best friend (probably a possibility for the future)
write an address on a stamp and try to mail the stamp by itself
Vote for your most favorite voting system every general election, and each time it changes to the most popular one.
A game controller that uses button presses to generate electricity, making the battery last longer
Pickled Mushrooms
at one point you will be the most recent person to die.
A short film set in the year 2022. A novel virus called ''2022-H1N1-SuperSwineFlu'' emerges. Governments force humanity to be imprisoned in moon bases, but as time goes on, people start to realize the virus is only as deadly as regular flu.
Anti-Vaxxer parents should be put at the bottom of the list when a working vaccine for CoVid-19 is discovered and their children should be put at the top after the at-risk population.
Create a Pipe Organ that plays fart noises.
Judge the effectiveness of any claimed covid vaccine by those who designed it, their willingness to be near lots of people who noticably have covid. Cuz they're not gonna catch it.
When someone reuploads your content to youtube without permission, youtube should remove the video AND transfer view count to original
A movie where all the actors are people with no acting experience and the extras are A l-List actors
Banks put up the £30 contactless limit to encourage social distancing and avoid having to touch dirty keypads
Flamin’ hot beer?
Reddit should give Reddit Gold to any Redditor that votes in the November election. Just show your "I Voted" Sticker.
A movie where programming is accurately portrayed. A group of people try to create an application to stop bad guys. But the project manager asks for updates every 5 minutes and the code won't compile.
Metroid Horror Movie
Touchless payment systems will evolve from this crisis. Retinal scan payment will become standard. So will the term ‘EyeJacked’. As in what happened to your face and where is all your credit? Some Mofo EyeJacked me!
Fines for websites that deal in personal information but not appropriate security measures.
What if apple started to actually listen to its customers
Always go out of your way to emphasize that you are NOT a pedophile every time you meet someone, so that nobody ever mistakenly takes you for a pedophile
We are exactly like the pod humans in the Matrix, but it’s other humans that run things not machines alone. And they harvest Currency from the masses, not current.
With AR technology becoming more prominent, it would be cool to look at/point your phone at a runner, cyclist, driver, walker etc. and have their current trip distance displayed above their heads.
Let's all withdraw all of our money out of the banks on January 1st 2021
A charity episode of Wheel of Fortune, as played by the illiterate, to benefit the national bookmobile program.
GameStop and AMC should team up to make gaming theatres.
Ban all present and future members of the Kennedy family from using boats or occupying any island.
A religion that rewards cooperation, by you may any time for as short or long as you want, experience heaven by preventing 2 random others from experiencing heaven, or experience hell by preventing 2 random others from experiencing hell, during that time. If most cooperate, everyone is in heaven.
Let's blow up space
Matches made of the same stuff they make trick birthday candles out of.
Microwave oven with metal detector.
Man with No Arms Driving 😲
MI6 could generate sounds around Putin and Xi Jingping making it sound like he is speaking and get him to "say" he wants to molest kids hold as blackmail
LAST TO LEAVE FREEZING ICE TUB WINS! 🥶🧊 | Gavin Magnus
Wife Swap spinoff but with human parents who never had dogs and dog parents who never had kids.
Let's Create "MERICA!", a country with every country and state in the Americas as states from Canada to Chile!
Stores should have their security camera feeds displayed prominently on monitors throughout the store, with a twist. They should have a filter that replaces noses with penises.
Sub For explaining jokes
Have all the stoners start celebrating 4/20 on January 5th as a stern reminder to simplify your fractions.
Edible stuffed animals for dogs
All recurring payments should go on your credit score.
End World Hunger for $89.3 Billion dollars/year via a trust fund
Shorten "no idea" to "nodea".
If you are on a jury for a cop vs someone who got into violence on eachother, and the cop has shot anyone for any reason before that in the last year, just automatically vote not guilty due to the tendancy toward violence in the cop thats likely
Send our (USA) sports to a country that masks until all the mouth-breathers have died off.
Under-Underwear to keep your underwear clean.
80's Metal band Dokken should start up a donut franchise.
PETA but for dinosaurs
Nothing
Attention Insta users !!!
Start a fundraiser but don’t give it an exact purpose. Keep track of every person who gave money and how much. When it ends, total up all the money collected and when someone asks you what the fundraiser was for, tell them it’s to help repay all the people who donated money to the fundraiser.
Monopoly money becomes the only acceptable currency
An improv movie in a simulated open worldUse pedophiles are medical expierments.
The internet should go out at 4:04 AM and PM every day.
Put a slice of mild-tasting cheese in your next PB&amp;J (like white American). Tastes great.
Police academy uses the cadets mothers disguised as bad guys for real life training exercises.
Rererererererererefried Beans
If you see someone drinking water, and start chanting "Chug, chug, chug, chug!" They have to shotgun the rest. This will improve overall hydration.
With all the awareness of hygiene and coughing, now would be the perfect time to eliminate the common cold by self isolating.
A mask/generator device that generates electricity when the wearer sneezes or coughs
Throw things at people
Water-cooled Phones
Can we make a successful business through reddit and volunteering to start with
Anthems all the way down
Start making light switches at ankle height. Firstly, now you can easily turn the light switch on or off even if you are carrying something and you could teach your dog to do it too.
Veterans' Day should be a holiday for veterans
Rent-a-dog. “All the cute none of the Commitment”
Toilet bowl fresheners that never run out or need to be replaced.
Harry Potter, but directed by Quentin Tarantino
Creating an online market place for local products to cater neighboring town or province
Wanna die but lack the wherewithal? Become an activist and whistleblower against the evils of the world, they’ll take care of the rest.
Make a Battlefield-style game where large servers each represent different real-world ideological conflicts - Democrat vs Republican server, Israel vs Palestine server, Pro Choice vs Pro Life server, etc etc
A fruit tree that grows multiple kinds of fruits. Cherries, yes! Lemons, yes! Peaches, yes!
Playstation 5's should be like apple products- where they are tracked and requires some type of product activation key in order to work. The end result? No free playstations for BLM's peaceful looters.
My new movie "Defense Mechanism", it's basically the ED-209 movie...
Any shows that get canceled this year should get the chance to make one final episode where the whole cast dies during the pandemic.
Retask The Department of Homeland Security the round up all of the Karens and closet white supremecists who have outed themsevles over the past year.
Everyone in America who makes over 1 million per year should have to give 5 percent of their yearly income to a healthcare fund for all. On top of normal taxation.Tell each of your coworker a different random fact about you and note them. When the information comes back, you will see how gossips flow in your office.
Abra-Cadaver
Print out images like Bearded wojak, put them in your pocket, then take them out whenever someone says something stupid or crazy, to show your disapproval of their words.
I think i know how to 'fix' democracy, and maybe capitalism, please come tell me i'm delusional ;)
Pick yourself up by the bootstraps Monopoly. Players start with no money, only get paid 1$ per roll. Passing GO, you pay income tax, Do not collect 200$.
Augmented reality app that replaces the moon with any planet.
Protest ads that delay you by calling them laggy (high latency) pages, the kind that covers the page or happens before or between parts of a video. Gamers hate lag, and you should too
A message board like this one that, where awards (gold, plat, etc.) give 50% of $ to the awarded, instead of 100% to the company.
Just make toasted oats cereals in other shapes
Subreddit where leftists and right wingers both post memes both ironically about the other side and seriously about their side. The game is to convince the other side that you're on theirs while still making fun of them. Whichever side fools more of the other side wins the Presidency.
When converting "x out of y" to percentage, then 0/0 should display as a random number between 0 and 100.
World leaders should be sacrificed after leaving office
If we all helped other people more than we help ourselves the world would fastly become a great palce
Everyone wear a number on their shirt, the percent chance you think you'll die within 1 year
Put an odometer in all shoes so you can see how many miles you’ve walked in them
Free pass I can use
A show where paarazzi are followed/bombarded by other paarazzi for an extended period of time.
Piss on antimaskers, because it's my body and I can do that I want with it
Use yoga poses as dances in online games, get a generation of kids to copy them irl and be healthier
You know how small towns elect a dog as their Mayor sometimes, let’s do that but for the President of the United States.
Downvote all your own posts and comments for true karma enlightenment.
A concert that is advertised as one artist but then when it starts Rick Astley comes out and rick rolls everyone
Have companies that waste your time reimburse you hourly
Water meters that are smart enough to detect leaks and notify the owner.
Replace Christopher Columbus day with Leif Erikson day in schools. That way we get a badass viking holiday instead of celebrating a man who enslaved the natives and looted their temples.
Healing Crystal Sniper Bullets
Who wants to earn a living wage?
Put a "Baby On Board" bumper sticker on your car and proceed to drive it around while wearing a shirt that says "BABY" on it
Car wash, but with paint.
Lets fine corporations and businesses for wasting our time
Slide for the shower head
Reddit with a filter so you don’t need to see posts by certain age categories.
Allow people to get a Human hunting license
Natural history/science museum ticket booth option that allows a discount if you tell your country of origin and agree to carry around a visual representation of how much damage your country is currently causing to the natural world.
We can create Communism on Reddit by taking every User's karma count on the site, calculating the Mean Average, and setting everyone's karma to that.
News channel but no politics
If you're considering suicide, donate blood first.
A show where all that ghost hunters from discovery channel and shit are gathered in a dark room and one dude that isnt a ghost hunter is allowed to smack one in the face. Now the aim is to find out who smacked them or if it was actually a ghost. Its like this mafia group game but with ghosts
Celebrity version of 'Everybody poops', all proceed go to charity. The version would have pictures of celebrities pooping. It'll be like 'Justin Bieber poops' and a picture of Justin Bieber pooping, 'Kim Kardashian and Kanye West poop' and it'll be pictures of them pooping on their matching toilets.
Create the Human Memory Global Initiative
Game called find the fake mask for covid denieders
Have the Simpsons final season no longer a comedy. The show becomes about how each character dies. After a drink driving accident kills his sons, Ned Flanders snaps. We follow his blood soaked crusade from Shelbyville to Springfield.
"Juan Moore Time!" with Juan Moore
Clash of clans chess set
One day your parents put you down and never picked you up again.
This should be the Legal Process For Obtaining N Word Passes in The United States
How about the makers of Calpol print the expiry date in big letters and in a different colour from the box rather than their current dumb-ass way of imprinting it in small size j the same colour as the box! Genius!
There should be a swipe down option on Tinder that randomly swipes left or right for you without telling you for surprise matches (or indecisive people)
Apple car concept // Strange Youtube Recommendations part.8
The Truman show starring Donald Trump as president the next 4 years.
Is practicing eugenics so bad?
Let’s just start giving trolls positive affirmations. Like, “You will be amazed how much potential you have when you begin to utilize it!” Just kill them with kindness instead of feeding into their nonsense.
In the US, Why don’t we do a public works program like the one that helped us get out of the Great Depression
Create a reddit revolution or something.
Give every baby 80 calendars when they’re born (or whatever the lifespan of their country is)
Hire two private investigators and get them to follow each other
Microfiber lining in our pockets to clean our phones automatically every time we pocket our smartphones.
Reddit should let you set categories for your subreddits you follow, so you can only see the content you are in the mood for.
A totally feelgood fantasy series
A mirror but when you talk into it, then mirror reverses your speech like it reverses text.
Hyper realistic blowjob machines that feel better than the real one
Freshly baked pizza from a spray can. Spray it into a pizza shape and watch it solidify and warm before your eyes.
Wikipedia transfers their website to onlyfans. Gotta simp for that knowledge.
netflix, here is where i fell asleep button
Genetically modify oranges to be stringless.
Terminator but the robot is sent back in time to kill the creator of Flamin' Hot Cheetos to protect a Ranch based future
Microphone(s) that go inside your ear(s) right next to your eardrum(s) and records the way your voice sounds in your head.
If making drone aircraft fighter jets, equip them with multiple lasers that blind anyone trying to shoot them down.
An Amnesia Style Horror game where you're a chef trapped in an abandoned culinary school Perused by an Angry Supernatural Gordan Ramsey.
When in a region with lots of pick pocketing, carry your money and ID in your shoes, fill your pockets with jam.
Tax Funerals
Am I experiencing neural monitoring/modulation/torture? Please hear me out, I'm suffering immensely.
When a new president is elected, they get a new name. It's legally changed, and they can't change it back for the rest of their life.
A show formatted like a roommate sitcom, but it's about a pair of husbands.
Family guy could work on children’s networks
Quarantine mode for reddit for all the corona virus posts/memes so we can have our normal reddit back.
Tattoo all your skin tags to look like Goombas
To cut back on paper usage, it should be a law that all reports, essays, etc., should be printed on both sides of the paper instead of one.
A set of chopsticks that double up as drinking straws. And one chopstick works as a microscope, and the other as a telescope.
What if every official picture of Vector from Despicable Me released by Universal was a vector, just as a random Easter egg?
Make “fireflies” the new rickroll
Reddit should let you scroll through everything you’ve ever upvoted in one place
Reading an entire set of encyclopedias out loud
Include a QR code on graves for people to scan to read their autobiography online.
A Netflix mockumentary about Netflix
Change LGBTQ+ to LAGBITCH
If you don't pay taxes or take more out than you put in, you should not be able to vote on what to do with tax money!
there's universes within atoms, a universe-ception, if you will
Someone should find a way to false copyright claim the first youtube video ever posted (Me at The Zoo) and get it taken down.
Kit Harrington should play the real life Dr. John Snow in a series, and teach the world about pandemic's and how to fight them.
Apple creates option to open app as anonymous where all profile info is generated for privacy
In my opinion the best step forward for climate change in the transportation sector.
A Solution To LateStage Capitalism? A MultiNational FMCG Brand that puts PURPOSE over Profits
Planes that don't drop oxygen masks to confirmed anti-maskers
The 2020's when thought of 100 years from now, will be the best decade of the century.
Wear socks to bed so the feet goblin don’t suck your toes
Kirby Air Ride City Trial Battle Royale
Is there a seat open on the Supreme Court? Find a set of conjoined twins, one with two heads and a shared lower half. Appoint them to the court. They'll occupy one seat but get two votes because they're two different people.
The most insulting/egregious comment in any comment section should be upvoted or even pinned to the very top, so there's a chance people approach the commenter in rl AND/OR in turn comment to it. Make this internet-culture.
We should use deepfake software to match the language to the lip movement in movies and tv shows
Replace regular ice cubes with frozen drink cubes
Craigslist Skins to customize your experience on Craigslist.Font, borders and colors are 100% your choice.
Gain a large amount of followers on multiple social media's, invest in a small business, post everywhere telling people to invest in it, and Boom, money
We should approach the flat-earthers to spread awareness about “flattening the curve”.
Do we travel to other worlds when we dream?
Rather than articles that just regurgitate a single scientific study with less info, media should publish the original article with highlights and annotations added by the journalists.
Instead of subs like r/redditmoment and r/averageredditor pointing out redditors don’t like tiktok or make fun of them, we should instead have subs that actually discuss and explain why it is and use logic or even proper satire
Make a cord for wireless headphones so you don't lose them
How do you feel about this?
If someone is caught going out without a mask, a doctor breaks the offenders non-dominant leg in a way that is the most likely to heal back to 100%, puts a cast on it and brings them back to their house without crutches or a wheelchair so they can't go out again.
A TV show discussion forum where you select what episode you are on and it only shows you threads, comments, meta, etc from episodes you've already seen.
There should be a “tip” button on every content posted on any social media for the creator.
Superfarting: eliminate the need for solid bowel movements by completely gasifying them.
Someone should start a foot fetish pedicure shop
A ransomware that would force companies to better pay their employees, avoid tax evasion and pollute less
ANNOUNCING Jare’s FOSS Market Maker Referral Program — 50/50 Split!
A Reddit Positive Day
ninja is the n word, yo wassap my ninja
Move all public bathroom toilet paper dispensers up atleast 6 inches
Trump should have gone all in into the china made the coronavirus as a bioweapon to make republicans comply with guidelines.
A Caste System based on Reddit Karma
STDates. A dating website for those with STDs, complete with preference by disease.
Breathe thru a 6 foot long scuba pipe so it's safe to be right next to people
Chilling on. the couch. What if they got like 1,080 drones to flying the shape of a screen? Then they used each drone as one pixel to show movies to lots and lots of people?
Meat Flavored Candy Bars.
Combine all streaming services into one single service and charge one monthly fee for the entire thing. Call it a “Complete Assortment of Bingeworthy Leisure Entertainment” (CABLE).
r/petpurplepilldebate, for animated discussions of whether girl kittens or boy kittens make better pets. Also puppies.
Power from our sewage
a farm that is 1 continuous cow, so long that its born on one side of the farm, gradually walks toward the slaughterhouse many miles away, and by the time it gets there its an adult cow. Between that is a sideways cow made of many conjoined twins (except millions of them long).
It is still possible that we look back at 2020 as a "good year" if we don't pull our collective act together.
A show called "COPS Least Wanted" and its just one frustrated law enforcement official stuck at a desk working whatever case no one else wants, shocked that his dream job is awful.
Create an AI that processes an emotional algorithm for all its successes and failures.
Doctors begin punching patients as baseline comparator for pain ratings.
Money should have a scannable code on it, that you could use a banking app with, to turn it into digital currency, and deposit it into your account.
A hair salon where the customer gets paid for assisting the hair dresser
Tomorrow, Juneteenth we infiltrate Facebook echo chambers &amp; take the platform back in the name of justice
If you're in a coma, get a job as a statue to pay your medical bills
Call the day after tomorrow "twomorrow"
A Norwegian Funeral Doom Metal Barbershop Quartet
Reddit admins should Quarantine /r/Wuhan
Genetically engineer Americans to grow a skin cupholder in their chests
Make Donuts ian illegal Schedule 1 drug for cops with a record of reckless and malicious behavior
A candle that smells like the inside of a Bath &amp; Body Works store
Actually accepting the fact that online fights and debates are waste of your time you could’ve used in getting something productive done.
Throw a huge “2” themed party on 2/22/2022 (Tuesday)
A Holiday that is the opposite of April Fools, where everyone tells no jokes and pulls no pranks for the entire day.
A gym that pays you one dollar to exercise for at least 4 hour's and that's all
Golf II, for lack of a better name.
Dwayne Johnson scratch n sniff stickers that smell like Dwayne Johnson
Horror movies should add in the sound of a baby crying to make the viewers uneasy
Instead of handing over a baton in the Olympic relay sprints, the runners must hand over a baguette. This must be completely eaten before the final runner finishes the final lap.
Anti-crime weapon cameras
Farmers who live near algae blooms should use water(and algae) from the bloom to water their lawns.
If we replace the party affiliation letters that are next to the names with number of terms a politician had we would kill two birds with one reform.
A fundraiser/charity platform for rich people where a goal can only be set once the organizer donates that amount of money.
Lego Shoes that when you step on legos you just get taller.
Force Ken Jennings to host Jeopardy when Alex Trebek retires
Start a business where someon can summon an AntiKaren to outKaren the Karen that is Karening you.
My lawfirm Moran, Moore, and Mohr and Morehead
Criminals are punished by the exact same harm they committed.
Make this the most Unvoted post on reddit and (optional) give awards that are being sad
New MMORPG - Riot wars
Employers inform the person most likely to get let go next that they are in that position.
A MICRO SD CHIP THAT HAS A "FIND YOUR MICRO SD CHIP LOCATOR" BUILT INTO THE THE CHIP
One could start calling it "coronation" when someone gets infected with the virus.
Lottery elections
I’m not sure how crazy it is, but I think this would solve the police problem.
A Lethal Weapon vs Rush Hour movie
Let’s raid Area 51
We make a meme commemorating all of the greats that we have lost this decade, and start 2020 with a blank slate, so we never forget, but we don't overcrowd the heaven stairs meme and block out the ones we want to remember
Worship head lice as individual gods.
Subscriptions to old newspapers
I think, therefore, I am lost
Let people attend college for free, but when they get a job related to their degree, they pay a percentage back to the college.Start naming sports teams after Caucasian stereotypes: The Mississippi Mayonnaise Lord's. The 'Bama Bible Thumpers. The Seattle Stock Exchangers. The Baton Rouge Brutalité Policière.
Create a monitoring device to sell to corporations so they can monitor their employees heart rates and other vital data while they are at work and then data will be brought up in the yearly reviews
Soap kills coronavirus, should we try eating tide pods again?
A book called “Dear Donald”, a kids book explaining how the right was trying to bring down America due to weaponized lies. Also teaching the benefits and need for equality, democracy, activism, climate justice. In about 5 years or so, give this book to all those that were given that tainted name.
Replace police officers with robots. AI facial recognition has trouble with black people (remember the Google gorilla snafu?) so they won't be able to be targeted.
IBM should be the leader in American made smart toilets.
rIck &amp; mOrty certainly needs to now produce an episode which mentions a long lost Mesinks who cannot die and has lived an eternity already
How to limit internet usage at home? One Idea.
Nuke all of Africa, and then wait and see what Moms use as a strawman example of "person who has a worse life then you" afterwords
Allow Russia to hack and steal the wrong vaccine formula
We should drop a nuke into the sun.
A Walking Dead like tv series but instead of zombies it’s Ingen’s Dinosaurs running rampant.
There should be giant trash cans with bullseye's on them on the side of the road so passing cars can toss their garbage on the go
A power saving mode button installed in your house
Make a Iron Man movie starring Zombie Iron Man from Spider-Man: Far From Home.
when produced in ‘controversial Netflix docu-series’ format, a lot of people gather details about court trails then proceed to get impassioned, Do that for good ol Donny T, with its release 2 weeks before election.
Let Covid 19 run rampant. When it burns out or a vaccine is developed enjoy the benefits of a smaller population. Traffic may be nonexistent in some areas.
There should be a movie about The Wolf from Pulp Fiction
Bring back drive-in movies for Social Distancing, then everyone realizes how awesome they are and they’re back for good
Once a year everyone should attend a neighborhood block party wearing randomly distributed t-shirts containing their neighborhood's pettiest, shittiest Nextdoor posts for a little and meet and greet.
go missing then show up at your own missing person press conference
If you ever meet a Karen in the wild acting like a Karen in public, you and everyone around should just start laughing hysterically.
A non-Disney animation studio should make a movie of the original Princess And The Frog fairytale
A challenging exam for potential presidential candidates that covers the constitution, diplomacy, economics, ethics, etc. to weed out those who are unfit for office.
A machine that argues with you about whether or not machines can be people.
Web browsers should have a "folder" system for open tabs
Social media sites should have a "this is my ex" feature that filters out memories of old partners.
A smart mask that detects your mouth expression and displays it on the front of your mask via a flexible display.
You are not just your brain. You’re a 3 piece engine of your body, your conscience, &amp; your subconscious.
An audio plugin that filters all the wind, water, or friction(fingers touching the mic) noise from GoPro and Phone footage.
Use all of our onboard vehicle cameras to find amber alert cars.
Usrula Burns x AOC 2024
Rubberized floor, very strong people and a basketball made of cement.
The universe could be re-creating itself through eternity.
A toilet that looks at its contents and chooses the amount of water to use to get the job done instead of being a wuss with low flow for a mountain of turd
An protein shake with semen in it
So many people think the covid vaccine will be used to track them. I think the truth is even worse
Need a person for making my night good
Boycott tourism in cities where cops abuse and assault peaceful protesters
Swear like a pirate during a job interview to show you mean business
To be able to buy a mobile phone without using "rare earths" to produce it.
Forrest Gump as the leader of Isis
A first person Star Wars themed alien-esque horror game where your only objective is to evade Darth Vader
To "Get Out The Vote": plan a massive music festival in late 2021 when they're no longer deadly. Announce it now and explain that all tickets will distributed in a raffle among all registered voters; winners can do whatever they want with the ticket: attend the show, sell it, give it away, whatever
Basketball trashcans outside every drive-thru fast food joint
Taxes to Spam spammers
Catholics priests. Scare the living sh*t out of ( already frightened and vulnerable) people, by standing over them and reading out the last rites as they are on their deathbed.
If Google compared food nutrition.
Because we are all stressed by a certain virus right now, someone should make a friendly virus. A computer virus, that gets spread like any other virus but instead of stealing your files or ripping you off it tells you to be more careful when downloading stuff
What if Corona Virus transmit through electromagnetic waves?
Politicians Shouldn’t Drive Cars
Anime body pillows of the Supreme Court justices.
Hollywood should make a movie called ‘Other People’ so everyone can find out what their relationship is made of when they send a text to their significant other saying “We should see other people.”
In the same way that Reddit now places an icon next to real linked subreddits, they should place a Rick Astley icon next to links that are really Rick rolls.
Great British baking show but with me making variations on tuna melts regardless of challenge and the judges pretending to be blown away at the depths of my artistic vision. Watch as the other bakers become frustrated and question everything they know.
IRL Dungeon crawler
An app to nsfw carrier text messages and only be viewed by entering password to censor explicit text messages from children who could possibly be holding their parents phone
A browser extension that automatically selects and validates websites cookies preferences without bothering the end user everytime they open the website
A progress bar attached with a x-ray belt which will show % of the poop remaining in the body when pooping.
A life-size doll of dobby from harry potter (with fleshlight compatibility)
When bipedal worker robots become cheap enough, companies could sell the fun parts of their jobs to VR users.
can houses be made with the majority of floors underground
"Drunk mode" on phones where your phones locks itself from all social media apps, phone calls and text messages except for important contacts
Make a Breaking Bad spinoff where Walt Jr becomes the new meth kingpin, following in his dad's footprints
Instead of only being able to vote for one candidate in an election, you are able to submit a negative vote for one candidate.
In a few years, Daft Punk should host a reunion tour called "One More Time"
Every December, highway patrol police swap their blue light for a green one, and instead of giving out citations, they give out cash prizes to good drivers they notice. From the money they collected all year.
Businesses with sustainable and nutrient-dense foods with long shelf lives and small shelf footprints should use this pandemic as a opportunity to prove their products by distributing them to families and challenging them to live on the food for three weeks.
a book that never uses the same word twice
Cathartic and safe anon spaces for screaming/letting out pent up aggression; good idea? Thoughts?
Replace all occurrences of "Hello Kitty" with "Hell Kitty"
Is 2020 really going to let us go so easy? What if, as a final cruel joke 2020 pulls a “Groundhog” year situation. Imagine waking up tomorrow and it’s January 1, 2020 and we have to relive all of 2020 over again.
An app that asks you question to get what type of person you are, then goes on Reddit and tries to find the community that hates people like you the most. Then the computer finds all the most bullying and insulting comments from there and gets an artist to draw them on canvas for you.
Harry Dean Stanton made the movie "Lucky" at age 90. Clint Eastwood is 90. Every actor who can still work at 90 should make that movie, same script.
A trans clothing line called Vera's Wang
Wireless charging pads for electric cars
Horns on trains should be illegal, so as to liberate the literal millions of people suffering from their loudness at all hours of night and day.
A version of Reddit where reposts aren't allowed.
They should sell calendars that start in July for those who want to get one in summer
Harassing Trump for a birth certificate
Someone should create a news station/article that ONLY releases good news
Start a non profit to provide 23&amp;Me kits to Caucasian Americans who claim to have Native American ancestry
Create a Soda that changes the sound of your voice.
Make TV remotes in that high-vis yellow they use for highlighter pens.
A micro tattoo business for babies/kids that stretches into art as they get older
Reddit rust, the opposite of reddit gold
Create a Hybrid Political Party / Religious-like Institution that "Worships" Data, Facts, Math, and Logic
There should be one universal hyper-secure passport for the vaccine
A microwave with decimal numbers so we can be extra precise with our cooking.
A show made by redditors. Where every episode there’s a different theme and the contestants (randomly chosen Redditors who reached hot) have to creat memes and post them. And the one that gets more upvotes wins. (Also awards will be transformed into a quantity of upvotes depending on the cost)
A wedding ceremony where the minister, bride, &amp; groom can just text their nuptials back in forth whole sitting in the same room. When it's over the bride &amp; groom post selfies of themselves with their rings on social media.
A subreddit where you can post your thoughts and not have them immediately removed by an auto bot. Maybe call it r/showerthought or something similar
Increase your rights over time instead of slowly losing them
Instead of a vaccine mandate, Biden should make the vaccine opt-in but make any vaccine refuser pay the full cost of treatment if they come down with covid.
Let's turn prisons into homeless shelters.
Voluntary COVID Infection Sites
Dog vs Drone sports
Someone should try to land 4-6 simultaneous Tinder dates for the specific purpose of running a Dungeons and Dragons game.
Teleportation
The next anti-hero movie that Disney makes should be about Cruella Deville, as a misunderstood feminist in the 50s
If gods exist, pantheons should hold a bicentury expo to showcase their offers.
Build a website where you enter which news sites and tv shows you consume, then have it show what kind of information bubble you are in
Smash Bros ingenious idea
A subreddit for all of the times there is a missed opportunity for a "that's what she said" joke in the Office called r/missedwhatshesaid
Go to as many job interviews as possible and then ghost the companies and recruiters when they make an offer.
Everyone running for president of USA should have to first legally change their name to Anonymous Anonymous Anonymous so people have to vote on the issues instead of the name they're attached to
A diet drug that works by deadening you sense of taste and smell for several hours after you take it.
We should design a set of artificial lungs that functions exactly the same as regular lungs, only that it has a special function where if oxygen is unavailable, they take whatever gases they can, separate the pure oxygen, and somehow use the remains to provide energy for the user/lungs.
Strip club but furries
The Hollywood wet spot tour in a double-decker bus. With maps.
1 Up for Your Senses (i.e. Top 5)
End all English classes forever cuz it teaches people to nag others about combos of words that they all understand but some teacher told them not to. Let language evolve.
Marvel should make a commercial starring all its heroes who wear masks to encourage people to be heroes and save lives by also wearing masks
A radar speed sign that, instead of flashing and telling you to slow down if you are going over the speed limit (negative), shows an animation of balloons + dancing people when you are at or below speed limit (positive).
a higher level of campaign promise, that it will either be done or the whole country will die trying within 3 years, so if it isnt done in 3 years...
Get a pet duck, name it QuackHead. Train it with commands in gibberish language. Claim you can speak "Duck" or "Duckenese"
A charity for Amazon warehouse employees, and make it highly publicized
How dare you
Instead of protesting traditionally and spreading covid, everyone should stand in their yards at the same time and take drone photos. Entire neighborhoods, even cities, could support the cause while socially distancing. Drone footage could be immensely impactful.
Create a decade-long competition called The Best of the Billionaires,
De-Motivational Speaking Clubs
Rolling papers with messages like fortune cookies, but the messages are made to keep a stoned mind occupied
A changeable image shirt
Regular doctor appointments based on age corresponding to average statistics on your demographic
Make a satirical news outlet called The Bloody Tampon.
(Language) Why not prevent people from learning a certain language to boost dying languages. Eg, ban English and only teach Irish, ban French and only teach breton/gallo, ban English only teach hawaiian. The brits did it why can't we. Otherwise we need infinitely better teaching systems.
Fake vegan food, made of meat. For non-vegans.
Remake old yeller, but with a yorkie
Every password input bar should also show the password requirements when logging in, so you know which variation of your password you used.
There should be a list of people that anyone could kill without any punishment. People like sex offenders, killers, terrorists, mafia people and such
A 3D printer for food
A shuffle option on Netflix, Hulu, etc. that just plays random episodes of the show you wanna zone out with
Post something on ExplainLikeImFive that just isn’t true to see if people still try to give a reasonable explanation
To help prevent spreading of disease, have all ATMs and self-checkouts be voice-controlled.
A combination of Keanu Reeves and Chuck Norris, we'll call it, Arnold Schwarzenegger
Reddit but Karma is real money
Going off the stereotype that South Korean gamers and extremely good, if they just built mechs and had the gamers pilot them behind some desk, it would be a powerful army.
A decentralized online marketplace where anybody can trade anonymous without middleman.
Are you a heroin dealer? Start selling your goods in branded packaging, under the brand name "bear arms." When you're eventually arrested, challenge your conviction on 2nd Amendment grounds.
We invented a 20-sided metal die that you pop out of a metal sheet the size of a bank card so that you can fold into a full-sized d20, so you can play D&amp;D anywhere. Is that weird?
Animated upvotes and downvotes
An aluminum can that doesn't spit a cat-sized lap of liquid on opening..
Create a keyboard app for mobile phones. Let companies "advertise" by biasing the autocorrect toward their names and the names of their products.
Remake the movie Twins, but this time Dany DiVito plays the big twin, and Peter Dinklage plays the small one.
Rename the People's Republic of China to Karenland, and Xi Jinpin to Xa Ren.
Reverse teaching as a way to gauge students academic and practical understanding of the subject
A shockable enforcement bracelet or collar, unremovable by the borrower, to be put on by a lender, in order to make sure that the borrower pays the lender back by a deadline or else they start getting shocked.
A glass eye which is a Magic 8-ball. Shake the person to get an answer
See how many times you can slip "fuck you" or "eat shit and die" into your answers to questions at a job interview before they ask you to leave.
Register yourself as a corporation. You can write off your food and spending as an expense. Pay no taxes. And if you are broke and in debt just get a bailout and keep going as nothing ever happened. Oh and as a bonus you get free slaves overseas
this is okay
All Memes at 1.k upvotes and above should be saved by Reddit in a folder for the repostsleuthbot to check and for Reddit to use as a filter in content to prevent reposts
They should sell birth control in shops.
DIY Captain America Shield | Concrete Bookends | Easy Avengers Room Decor
To help with the coronavirus outbreak, and to ease the financial strain on the industry, they should set up cruise ships AS quarantine facilities.
Golf tees made of fissile materials to provide instant audio and visual feedback if you hit a fat shot.
Politics For Dummies
Seth Meyers Obsession with "The Thorn Birds"
Get a group of people to fill up and occupy a rotary, continously driving around so that no one can enter it
Use a Big Wheel to get to work everyday
A relaxation drink called Blue Cow, which has the opposite effect of a Red Bull
Build a world destroying super-atomic weapon and then destroy the earth and all life on it
Directional Car Horns. Sometimes it’s not the person in front of you that needs a good honking.
cum bong
Create a VR simulation of the entire world and let people go there and indulge in all the sin they want so our world becomes purer. We'll call it World 2: Electric Boogaloo
Governments can take all the money in a divorce.
Let everyone draw anything they want in the empty spaces on their election paper, then to make sure your vote is counted verify your doodle is in the public record.
Have edits on YouTube comments bring the like counter back to zero, like how editing removes hearts from creators
All states should be in the same time zone.
B.C. and A.C. (Time) should now be considered Before Covid and After Covid.
An anime/hentai series about a group of extraterrestrial girls that run a restaurant where they produce different types of beverages from their breasts
Have the experts overlooked herd behavior protecting itself when it come to coronavirus
A feature on Reddit to automatically prevent any "wholesome or feel-good" awards on NSFW or serious tagged posts.
Need for Speed but it’s set in The Roman Empire and you Street race with horse and chariot
Can we make calculation of CO2 footprint for every item produced in every country to have huge comparison list?
Whatever you name your kid, start the spelling with an _ so they get to be first anytime they get sorted alphabetically
Produce new Popeye cartoons, but instead of spinach use what ever energy drink that will endorse it.
Bills written by Lawmakers should be done using GIT, and should public at all stages of development.
Floating jenga game
Airplane toilet paper should have tree seeds in it so that when you flush it, the water and waste can grow a new tree somewhere along the flight route.
Chili “bottoms” instead of “toppings.” Makes for a fun little surprise when you mix it up, even though you know it’s coming.
A voting button on zoom that lets you anonymously show your support during a discussion.
If you’re popsicle has no stick, stick a fork in it
Word Duels, Beyblade with your mouth
Have grandmas who love overfeeding their children and grandchildren volunteer at local homeless shelters making food for everyone there.
Lengthening the Basketball Court
A watch that goes on your cock
What if all products you bought had a total human suffering caused score next to the price
A horror movie called "Swan Lake", in which people are attacked by hordes of angry, territorial and man-eating swans, all to the classical sound of Tchaikovsky's "Swan Lake."
Two new energy drinks: one specially formulated for Republicans, the other just for Democrats
A fighting game, similar to Smash Brothers, with Biblical characters
Hold the next presidential debate even if one participant doesn't attend
Change policing: Police must be residents of an area to police said area.
Free female 3D models for indie games so their characters stop looking like out of teenage fantasy.
The presidential debates should be on Zoom.
Want a free 5 dollars? Click the link below-All you do is let a app run in the background and it earns you free gift or visa cards
Have a law that flags need to be displayed on product price tags, so we allways know which country we are supporting.
Essential House music {playlist}with the finest selected tracks, after hearing more than 200.000 tracks only less than 1% make it! Just enjoy!
A show about a guy who can add 5 years of life to people when he eats their asshole outA system where all children born are automatically given up for adoption. If a couple wants a child, they would have to go through the adoption process.
People get a slice of the money made when they put things in the recycling bin
A helicopter air race between Harrison Ford and Tom Cruise.
Choose our representatives from a pool of random citizens.
Morning Peaple
Nintendo should make officially licensed emulators for their old systems on the app store and google play, and charge a small amount of money for each ROM file.
Reddit should have a close all windows asap click. Not sure how it would work. Maybe tapping the screen three times or more will shut the app down.
True Dark mode: the screen emits no light but transmits audio descriptions of where you are touching the device to headphones for truly discrete usage
Sean Evans, host of Hot Ones, should eat the actual hot peppers instead of the hot sauces on wings because nothing seems to phase him. It would make for a much more interesting show and it would level the playing field when his guest are dying and he’s not even flinching.
Women should hold back all sex until there is no more war.
If we gave babies serial numbers instead of names it would be a lot easier to figure out someone's date of birth and where they are from
A government funded TV channel dedicated to educating the masses, with "shows" that are just an entire course curriculum of lectures; each season being a new semester.
Cyborg Micheal Jackson
A Perpetual crowdfund that everytime it reaches 100,000 Cash , 1 Tesla car is donated to a random person WHO DID NOT DONATE that way we cant be called gambling. Example, 500,000 people in USA join an APP then when 100,000 people donate 1 dollar = 1 person from the OTHER 400,000 get the Tesla. Repeat
Have COVID Positive people cough on the police.
How much energy does it take to levitate a person, and is that much energy available in items laying around a common garage such as a lawnmower or chainsaw or a 240 volt 60 amp electric outlet etc? Or how many of those would have enough energy? Independent of how to transform the energy.
A device that releases cocaine everytime you've been productive for an hour
A horror movie but all the crazy things we thought helped as kids work (hiding under a blanket, new shoes make you run faster, etc.)
a pill that makes girl's vagina so sensetive that no body has to care about size anymore
For the next US presidential election we should all vote for someone who lies in the middle ground of left/right, and will try to make changes for the greater good, instead of only trying to please one side.
One state sponsored gang could kill all other organized crime and be a net benefit for society.
A computer license. You are not allowed to do anything remotely professional, and support is not obliged to help you, until you can prove that you can use the basic functions of your system of choice.
The strid, Yorkshire, super dangerous killed many people, dam it up and explore it.
Crazy Idea for some people: Shut the fuck up!!
Eradicate all monetary currency. Institute a universal, worldwide Barter and Trade Economic System that would destroy the universal bondage and slave ownership of all human bodies and minds currently being inflicted by every government upon every human-born via the terrorism of money.
Instead of Bailouts
What if there was an Animal Crossing type of game that incorporated bitcoin, and you would be able to “farm” items that you pay off with bitcoin and receive in real life through the mail
There should be back scratchers as a way of massage in spa
A well regulated exotic meat industry would do wonders for the planet.
A single-camera workplace comedy revolving around a struggling 5-piece band on tour trying to make it big, and all of the funny and wacky things that happen when the band is touring.
A TV with a button that finds the remote.
A seat cushion with a pressure sensor that records how long you sit per day and reminds you to take breaks
A store that sells exactly the right amount of ingredients you need i.e. one cup of milk
Pour hand-sanitizer from planes across the whole world to kill the coronavirus.
The masked singer should have Donny Darko’s rabbit, Frank as a singer and when it’s time to reveal who it is the show just glitches and starts from the beginning again without him
Flex Paint
Have your “Karma per day” displayed on your profile
What if lesbians evolved complicated vaginas, like ducks did, to avoid penises
Can someone tell me a disaster begining with D that could happen in 2020
When kids are born, they should automatically be given a set number of shares in blue chip stocks, a mutual fund, and stocks for companies specific to their generation.
Since corporations are people and can deny healthcare to employees if it's against the company's religion, start a new religion specifically for businesses. Key tenets include commandments against paying taxes, worker benefits, and the environment.
Become a niche actor who specialises in playing the real or red herring villain in every single movie (or show) you are cast in. Whenever you are announced as a cast member, viewers will immediately suspect you, but they will never be sure if you are actually the bad guy unless they watch.
Make all soda vending machines soda (vending) fountains to cut on plastic usage.
Give an option on Yelp! for zero stars, since everyone who leaves a one-star review always says they “would have left zero stars if I could.”
Have COVID positive people go counter-protest the protests at the captial.
If you get drafted, tell the enemy the info of the person who drafted you.
Have voters take a civics test a month before an election. The higher the score the more votes you are allowed.
Make an electric torque wrench, and instead of ‘clicking’ at the proper spec, it has a pre-recorded full grown man yell out “Yagggaaa!!!” from the speaker that it has installed
CrazyIdeas should be changed to amazing ideas that won't ever happen
Flood the market with poorly-made Confederate Flags, so that when they go through the rain or wash, they turn completely white.
Instead of paying bailout money to cruise lines, pay them to take on medical cargo and become floating hospitals.
They should put beef jerky pieces in beef flavored ramen
A subreddit like /r/TIL but the title is the second or third most interesting fact in the article, so you actually want to read it and find out more,
Reddit should add a coal day that’s exactly 6 months from your cake.
There would be a website where you can see exactly what your taxes were spent on.
A “sort by oldest” option on subreddits
People having a specific band which signifies you are ready for a public group hug . (づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ
New Holiday: Shut the electricity off once a month.
Remake the week 8 days long with 5 work days and 3 weekend days.
Somebody needs to create something to stop telephone robo-calls
Genealogy testing site for songs. You put in a song, it analyzes it, and it tells you all of the musical styles and songs that influenced it in chronological order.
A game dev should combine /r/bossfight and /r/itemshop and make an rpgmmo
An augmented reality app in which you can see the night sky in your area with lower to no light pollution.
Start calling Covid-19 “Trump’s Virus”. Because no country has bigger numbers than him. The biggest numbers you couldn’t even imagine. Huge even.
NFL quarters are matches
Give the middle finger downward (like a thumbs down)
Easy Crafts DIY - Epoxy Resin WaveTShirt gun for large events... but SURPRISE it’s full of COVID vaccines
A unique reddit award given to a random user, if they don’t do anything within a day it goes to someone else, but they can also award it to a post and give that user the award, and the cycle continues
You should be allowed to sue a company for not enforcing their own EULA/TOS.
A brand of feminine hygiene products called 'Beaver Dams'
'trans juice' that makes you more feminine/masculine according to your preferred gender
Fast food places should sell reusable cups for refills
Imposible
Joe Biden should pick Mitt Romney as his VP.
Tax breaks for volunteer work
I learned two things - 1. people don't care if you care; 2. I really do not care
Make a book were every character is written by a different author and all the character-novelists follow a general plot written up by a different author.
Elon Musk's behavior may have become so bizarre because he has found evidence that reality is just a simulation, so he just doesn't care anymore
Romantic movie idea, only both male and female lead actors are real-life siblings.
All redditors of popular political subreddits (100k+ subs) move to the same city so that they enact their ideal local legal system
Slow Down
Create a person who is half man, half donkey, and name him Jack.Can you DOUBLE JUMP using foam board?
Have the president be paid minimum wage; arguments: trump proves a president can live without a salary; it would be a symbolic act of camaraderie between the incumbent and the people.
If a post is found to be a repost, they have to share a portion of their karma with the original content user. Like a licensing fee.
"Accidentally" drop hints that you have a big dick (magnums fall out of pockets). Then convince a size queen to have sex with you but only if she is blindfolded and you get to bring your friend who has a smallish dick. Then get your big dick friend to pretend to be you and you are small dick friend.
A documentary series about each state and the net worth of its senators &amp; representatives compared/contrasted with the median income of the state/districts
A idea for a reality show
The entire internet should work like Reddit
Implementing a behavioral credit score for middle and high schools
Hotel curtains that overlap.
Put that TV dinner back in the box it came from after eating it, then throw it out
Reddit should have events and free vouchers to redeem some reddit coins.
Have police officers train as MMA referees so they can make sure tame street fights don't get too crazy without having to arrest people over small scuffles
Time warp trick for long-haul flights
A twitter account solely for retweeting Trump’s tweets, for people who want to be updated on what he’s saying without giving him the satisfaction of a Twitter follow.
Change their name to the "San Francisco 49as" to get that racially insensitive hard "er" out of there.
Crowd sourced detective work
A video game that creates your character based on photos of your face
Smartphones should have a feature to disable touch for few seconds when it detects a fall.
A tube that goes inside your johnson's pisshole to prevent pregnancy
Internet challenges ideas: #Callyourmother, #Cleanyourdamnhouse, #Workout30mn, #Eat3fruitsandveggiestoday
Protesters who want to reopen the economy now must sign a waiver to give up their rights to go to hospital if they start showing symptoms of the coronavirus and restrained and forced into quarantine if they break agreement
We should try using Airforce bombs or other ways to create shockwaves to knock down large, intense wildfires
A Late Show where the host is the guest and each episode there is a different invite to host.
A new US state where all elected officials are atheist
Restaurants should have a call button for wait staff like airline attendants have.
A "reverse warranty," ti be offered with those specialized tools you see being sold ti repair "unrepairable" products (phones, newer cars, etc)
Alcoholic Dipping Dots
Talent shows where only the audience see the backstories
Tv/phones have a sound limiter, one for max high decibel sound and one for low decibel sound. THE SOLUTION TO SHITY HIGH AND LOW DECIBEL MOVIES/VIDEOS
Other salutations for Gert. Can't be relying on Yo for everything! Yogurt!... Maybe Higurt! Or Supgurt!
The Murican bidet
debate should be a mandatory subject in school
All media outlets start reporting COVID deaths as "a loss of 170,000 consumers/potential customers" to better get the attention of businesses and the rich.
A secret US military project tasked with bioengineering marine reptiles like the ones from the dinosaur era with the sole purpose to place one in Loch Ness and scare the hell out of the Brits.
create a facebook quiz for people to see what political candidate they most align with, but no matter what options they pick, it just tells them to vote for bernie sandersA Dildon't
If popcorn is available sweet / salty, why are fries only salty? I don't know if this is a good idea but who would try sweet fries?
Whoever becomes Democrat presidential candidate, should take Republican’s stance on topics such as abortions and gun control (at least)
A remote with a “last” button like for channels but for volume on movies with quiet as hell dialogue.
A national rival to Toys For Tots that has no connection to the US military
Let’s take down the website “The Dirty” by posting nice things about people.
If space is infinite, why dont we send non reusable trash and whatnot into space and save space on earth
Create a test for who would have mild Coronavirus symptoms, then infect them to immunize without a vaccine.
An Organic Market. But spread across 10,000+ acres.
there should be an option for a "throwaway" account to be deleted after a certain amount of time.
Make r/place again, but it's a 1000 pieces puzzle, pieces randomly mixed.
Allow the terminally ill to be able to try recreational drugs, under doctor supervision of course.
Multiple subscription lists or groups of subreddits so that users can customise their feed on the fly or based on their mood without changing their account
High price escort service but strictly platonic
Tinder but for friends
Brendon Urie singing 'Never enough' from The greatest showman. Wild thought after listening to 'Into the unknown'.
Automod that deletes posts asking questions or making general statements instead of being a lazy piece of metal junk
School project
The Quarantinis- an award show for best amateur film made by people stuck at home, streamed by Hulu or whoever
Cum in a butthole to prevent pregnancy
Like, the CRAZIEST thing Ever!!!!!!!!
Since we have a coin shortage and we need to support the post office, what if stores gave out change as postage?
Hiring temporary employees for unemployment offices
Police guns that taser the police if they shoot a second time after an "ouch!" Is heard on the previous shot.
There should be a bot that counts how many good bot comments other bots get so each year they can name the goodest bot of all
Why not suck my dick
Tv show called What The Hell Were You Thinking?, where panelist quiz you on choices you made in your life
I'll livestream 24/7 from a body cam for the next 20 years. Monthly donations support my bid for world domination via (mostly) non-lethal robots: Crowdsourced Supervillain.
Cooking in the Wilderness
Emojis, but they have noses.
Dynamic 3d printer for mobile use
All new heaters and other household appliances should be fitted with simple digital power-use meters
An intense boxing match, but all punching sounds are *bonk* *bonk*
Ghana Coffin Dance Pallbearers First T.V Interview 2020 | Nana Tafirija ...
In a Frictionless world, you would not be moving indefinitely, rather, you would be completely still, because there is no friction to begin any movement
Somebody should make a jam topping bottle with a pump dispenser and advertise using "Pump up the Jam"
A sushi train restaurant where you board a mini train and ride around a track grabbing plates of sushi to eat
We should start pinning baby pacifiers to the "Trump baby gate" in front of the White House
Make a list of all the things you would love to experience for the first time again, in case you get Alzheimer
Intentionally walk Altuve and Bregman for the rest of their careersA windshield wiper that slides across horizontally the whole thing
Reddit should allow you to filter out posts by age.
Different minimum wage based on age.
selectively breeding pomegranates just like watermelons
A horror film from the POV of a virus.
A fridge-oven that cycles from -25C to 200C every 24 hours, encouraging you to be efficient with your food
If instead of panic buying toilet paper and other supplies with all that obviously disposable income, those people donated to a single charity, it would reach its donation goal so quickly, you could look in amazement and shake your head at the gall of it all
Artificial Intelligence that helps to brainstorm ideas​. Do you like it?
Scrabble but with phonemes instead of letters. It becomes a game where the pronunciation matters, not the spelling.
A YouTube Chanel called Soxy. Cover your meat &amp; potatoes with a sock and dance around saying “I’m Soxy.”
Let’s start naming epidemics and pandemics like we do hurricanes. Pandemic Alberto is up...
Stilts for birds, so they can still get up as high as they want in the sky without actually having to use their wings.
Let’s domesticate octopuses (octopi?). One breed for calamari and another for pets
AI buddy at birth
Redesign my city for 2020
Create an exercise product called "Butt Weight", just so during the infomercial you can say "Butt Weight, there's more!"
A leap year where on February 28th and 29th there's 2 Saturdays back to back
Instead of jumping an entire hour, clocks should increase/decrease by 1 minute a day for about 2 months, so we can slowly adjust to seasonal time changes.
Police Officers pay should be limited to the pay soldiers of similar rank
Muppet Drama.
Give all eligible voters a short quiz before granting them access to any voting booth to ensure they're an informed* voter and not a bad faith participant
ATMs should have a system whereby if you input your pin code in reverse, they pretend to be experiencing connectivity issues or random other problem, hold onto your card, and call the police.
A bidet company with the courage to market directly in areas affected by toilet paper shortages
Something you put on your head at night when you sleep and your dreams are broadcasted on to a TV
We should use the navy hospital ships as cruises to purposefully infect healthy young adults, like a chicken pox party. They’ll hopefully have mild symptoms and doctors will be there if they get worse, and they can return to society when they’re done.
A website that tracks current events and directs you to a verified place to donate too as well as live stats
A triple A budget wide open sandbox game where you play as Count Chocula.
Want to pickup chicks? Get them a cold can of premium coffee
Put traffic cones in front of the exits of drive-thrus
Ban Celebrities From Being President
New Reddit Feature
There should be an international day of the year where we remember all of the people that died that you cared about.
Re-label water as "alcohol-free vodka"
people with big dicks say they have black dicks.
Run for political office, promising to make those who dont vote for you pay money to those who do, but say it in a more normal way like helping the poor and middle class or whatever group
Should create orginisation like Mensa who people have goood IQ but this organization have baddd IQ
A website called "OnlyHans" and it's just hundreds of pictures of Harrison Ford.
Installing foot handlebars for toilet doors so I don't have to touch anyone's wet/unclean hands
Try Donald Trump in civil court for false advertising.
Test Alzheimer’s patients with psychedelics
Examine the ethics codes of different professions to determine how much of the code protects the professional practitioner versus how much protects the clients and community they serve. Make the results public.
Everyone should have to do all their lawn work that uses power tools at the same time each week.
There Should Be An  Tag That All Trump-Related Posts Must Have So You Can Filter Him From Your Reddit Feed
Can scientists/linguists come up with an international verbal signal that means people are at risk of being trampled?
Secret agent on the beaches of Sydney named James Bondi.
Instead of using copper to make the penny orange, use that metal to create digital dollars...a card or tiny chip format that just stores your wallet number. A central bank stores how much money that number holds. Maybe just eliminate the central bank and have every phone in the planet keep ledger.
5 for 5
The coronavirus may of been released to stop the Hong Kong protests
Car powered by the movements of its wheels
Guaranteed Annual Movie Source Material
A gameshow where contestants have to complete challenges while maintaining an erection
Here is a Crazy IDEA! Irish &amp; Guinness &amp; 4th July
twitch channel that plays randomly chosen episodes of seinfeld 24/7
Give a blue whale steroids, make the biggest mammal even bigger
Train Bears to attack anyone without a mask and put them at storefronts as greeters.
In cases where all pilots on a plane are incapacitated by depressurization at altitude and the plane drifts til running out of fuel, WHAT IF they launch a bigger plane from the nearest airport to intercept it and just nudge it into a controlled descent hoping they recover in the more breathable air?
A modern take on Scooby Doo
The world broke when the Cubs won the World Series in 2016. The only way to fix it is to make sure the Cubs win again this year and then everything will go back to normal.
Restaurants losing business due to Coronavirus should start GoFundMe's that issue gift certificate codes in exchange for donations. This way, loyal customers can support their favorite restaurants without eating there during the outbreak, and restaurants receive much-needed cash during the dry spell
Replace mandatory mask-wearing with mandatory integral helmet wearing world-wide.
Clickbait news portalReplace the school detention with meditation.
Beauty pageants participants shouldn’t be able to use make up: you look how you look
Planet Earth, Our Planet and other nature documentaries should be shown in all schools in America starting at young ages
Someone should make a porno movie called Scott Free... can you figure out why?
Place candidates under oath before a debate.
Popcorn at the movies should come with portable dental floss picks attached to the side
It checks out
Mace but its actually a plastic mace that looks like a can of pepper spray. When you press the button to spray it the person covers their eyes then you start beating the shit out of them with a mace.
Split the US into two countries
BLM is too over the top it needs to stop
Onlybots.com - A website that can only be interacted with by a bot that is impossible for humans to enter
Only one streaming channel, with all the shows
Adopt an accent over the first letter of a pronoun, such as the "S" in "She" if the person is transitioning to that gender.
Vehicles that wink
Cancel April Fool's tomorrow; we don't need that shit right now
Police body cams is a good start. Lets make all Politicians wear them.
Open a 100% recycled paper company and call it Slutty Paper (it’s been around the block) - in context of ‘virgin’ paper directly from trees.
Buy bubblewrap in bulk and sell them, even make it different colours as people love to pop it
A camera in a place with nice view on landscape that would record a timelaps video over decades
is not crazy but is the only sub that have ideas so...
A sciencefiction space movie that takes all known laws of physics into consideration. No sound while outside of spaceships, no Earth-like friction physics in outer space, etc.
A restaurant called "I don't know" for when you ask your girlfriend where she wants to have dinner tonight.
legalize prostitution but only if you pay everyone within a 1 mile radius $10 each.
Create water pipelines from oceans to build lakes in deserts
Underarm oderant
Make collecting rent illegal till the end of 2020 or longer.
Stage an anti- electoral college/two party system protest during elections. Hand out "I didn't vote" stickers.a feature on reddit where you can see how many posts there are and who posted the most.
Invent a reverse cloning machine. Go around creating half-people to screw up all the statistics.
Instant Pasta
The Icy Hot patch challenge
Anal Academy. Annel lives in the inner city where, she has to work as a waiter to make ends meet. Then word comes that the prince of Sweden divined her city the home of the future princess. The catch is, the prince of Sweden likes anal sex, LOTS OF IT.
Have the Postal Service reduce mail delivery to 3 times a week and no junk mail. Would save millions and reduce infection vectors.
Send the necessary ingredients for life to other plants to create aliens
Best HP Laptops Under 60,000 (812.05$)....?
Spotify needs this ability, best explained by this example: you are in an Uber and hearing a good song you love, but it's not loud enough? Press a button in spotify and it will listen to the song playing, figure out where in the song it is, and sync to that (increasing overall volume of music heard)
Cars should have U- turn signals
Mouse Hitler
Proper Mental health services for the police officers and their families
Dungeons and Dragon campaign/setting where a critical fail makes a roll on the wild magic table
I have an idea for American Politics.
Make police brutality settlements come from police retirement funds or pension plans instead of our tax dollars.
Repurposing old timey torture devices to stretch your back out like a bendy straw.
new idea i just had: a restaurant where you get shot
New country on Antarctica when the earth gets really warm?
Televised 'Duck Duck Goose' and 'Musical Chairs' for the blind and deaf
A restaurant that only serves the meat of politicians, by getting cows elected to political office before turning them into food.
There should be a device and training for pets to gather their own poo.
Countries should provide its citizens an online market place like amazon. So it would be easier to sell &amp; buy stuff and it will benefit the people and not just a few.
noise-cancelling construction equipments
Bring the most devoted fans of Avengers Endgame together and create a school where they, together are the one and only principal, Thanos. Make them answer any question and do as many things as possible the way they feel Thanos would. All staff and students are to refer to them as Principal Thanos
If you do a crime, frame jesus for it. He's willing to take the nail for it.
Everyone who wants universal healthcare should start a blind trust that just covers medical costs. Fees only go up to about 5% of your income.
Make genitalia "plug and play" so people can switch back and forth, mix it up a bit.
Hostess Twinkie Cereal
A mask that silences the sounds you make so you can cry loudly without people knowing
When you get a popup that asks something like “Are you enjoying this app?” Always say NO!
Be the boss, but never let your employees know. More in description.
New national holiday where girlfriends take their boyfriends out on a date and buy them dinner.
Set up a system where homeless people can do jury duty as a normal job
Vote for 1 letter of the president's name at a time. Once the first letter is certain, another vote for the second letter and so on.
Add Benadryl to insect repellent spray so the mosquito bites you already got don’t itch
Airline promo - all you can eat chicken wings
If tweeting a single reply to a "Celebrity" cost $10 this world would be a better place.
What if there was an app for
Biden should just hire every official that Trump fires
Use reddit's voting system to determine the U.S. presidential election.
A website where people can go and pay a fee to rent someone’s streaming service for a certain amount of time for X amount of dollars.
I want to create a new religion
April 1st Rick Astley on Twitch.
Lets start calling china, West Taiwan
The Body Positive Movement should speak about other self esteem affecting body issues, not just weight.
April fool?
When I tell Youtube I'm not interested in a video it's recommending the 'tell us why' section should really have an option to indicate it's because you're trying to avoid spoilers for something.
A MMORPG game that deletes your account when your character dies.
Take all the monies earned from buying awards and put it towards sending cakes to users on their cake days.
Neuroscientists should invent a test for police officers to show if and when they are lacking empathy or possess racial biases. If regions of the brain associated with negativity/violence light up the when these officers see images of people of color, they need to be fired.‬
Netflix should have its own award show but instead of it being like the Oscars/Emmys it would be more like the Dundies.
Milk sold in the same flavors that coffee creamers come in.
Forget any form of Socialism let's just fix how the entire credit system works from the ground up
Multi unit living buildings (condos, apts) have you evaluate your neighbors annually. For every category (cleanliness, noise, etc.) you get good reviews, you get $25 off your rent for the upcoming year. For every category you are reviewed poorly (with supporting evidence) your rent goes up $50.
Run your car’s turbo intake through and into the cabin, next level cold air intake from the air conditioning
Famous actors and public figures should also hold a political debate.
A DNA testing place that also sneaks around looking for any 2 babies that look and act very similar and secretly swaps them
A solar powered submersible killing all jelly fish (super invasive species)
A taxing system were you choose which percentage of your taxes goes to which parts of the system.
People should organize and do a “Reddit Race,” where they race to get a certain amount of karma in a certain amount of time.
Reddit should have a matchmaking system where it compares activity of each user to find people with the highest overlap
End implicit racism in chess: Instead of White always going first, flip a coin to determine whether White or Black goes first.
On Jan 20th when Trump is removed from office, we should all go out and remove one bag of garbage from the community/environment.
Ranked choice voting
everyone everywhere gives up their citizenship in all countries all at once, conditional on everyone else does it else it yas no legal effect so theres no risk of you losing your citizenship but others keeping theirs.
A fridge that heats up when it needs to be emptied
I have a Solution to White Supremacy in America and our current climate
Provision to be able put images &amp; videos in comments.
THERE SHOULD BE A SHOW WHERE SOMEONES THERAPIST IS THERE DAD OR MOM
107 Best Small Business Ideas of 2020 (Low-Cost &amp; Online)
We make the punch line a real thing, where you get in a line and when it’s your turn you’re told a joke and if you laugh you get sucker punched, last one who hasn’t been punched wins
Stick two giant magnets on the very north and south pole, it might do something interesting.
Get engaged and at the wedding, after the kiss, put handcuffs on you and your new spouse. Then throw the keys away.
Blackout mode for TVs, like "mute" for the eyes.
A Vacuum that works when you scream
Augmented reality driving. You see an up and down arrow on every other car and it decays back to 0 in a month. Good driving is upvoted. Instead of flipping people off downvote them.
You should be able to sort subreddits by “neck beard length”.
A premium homeowners insurance plan that will cover the cost if your house gets wrecked due to the sun exploding.
They should start making garages big enough to park a car in.
Solar Power Mini Drones/Bots/Swarms that provide Mesh Internet and Free VPN services democratizing the internet.
Economically profitable drug addiction treatment center
After inventing FTL travel, transport crazy powerful telescopes (1pixel/mm) a few thousand light years away from Earth and record the entire history of humanity.
Carole (freakin) Baskin on Dancing with the Stars dancing to "Here Kitty, Kitty" with a reaction cam on Joe Exotic so everyone can witness his inevitable meltdown.
A jigsaw puzzle set for two jigsaw puzzles, which are mirror images each other, and the pieces are mixed
imagine geting a reward on this post
Remove all caffeine from coffee, tea and energy drinks products without anyone knowing and see how long it takes people to realize, allowing scientists to study the effects of the placebo effect in the meantime
A syringe that shoots condiments into your food
Since corona-virus will absolutely still exist past October we make chutes, pulleys and machines to give out Halloween candy
If one of your goldfish is being ignored by the others, simply give it a love bite by inserting a straw into the tank and sucking gently. All the other goldfish will then think that he is a hit with the ladies and want to become his wingman.
Make traffic jams illegal. Anyone caught partaking in a traffic jam will have their licence suspended - reducing total drivers and the road and traffic.
Shartar Sauce (yes it is EXACTLY what you're envisioning right now...)
A squeegee mounted inside of car doors so when you roll the window down it removes the rain/ condensation
Buy everyone a cheese grater and make america grate again
Get rid of headlines for news articles all together, just use pictures instead.
Facebook "Active" icons should turn from green to brown when they detect you are sitting on a toilet
Cool the world with nucular hellfire
If the majority of people don't vote or vote "no confidence", there is no president and the people all vote directly whether to veto or approve every bill that makes it past congress.
Make all online applications on the world free for one full day.
Eternity
A Legal Tender UNO reverse card, which you receive after doing something heroic
Holocaust 2
A website where you type in all your specific symptoms and it shows you all the illnesses you could potentially have
You should get XP for load times
Any law thats supported by unusually many of people of some religions but not others, should be counted as a religious law (separation of church and state) even if it doesn't mention religion. No christian values or muslim values etc enforced on anyone.
A microchip implant that whipes all your browser history and login credentials when you die
Add a laugh track to the evening news
Spend Tens of Thousands of Dollars on Top of the Line, Designer, Custom Tailored Business Attire. Never Leave the House in Anything But Ratty Sweatpants and Stained T-Shirts. Wear the Business Attire to Bed.
A set of "Forever Stamps" with the twins from The Shining on them that say "Come play with us Danny" "Forever" "and ever" "and ever" "and ever"...
Create a Bagpipe Body Suit
Paint cielings with glow paint sonat night you dont need lights. Or you just rave.
Create a device in cars that won’t allow you to turn unless you have your blinker light on for atleast 5 seconds
Dark humor subreddit idea
Work on every single one of all of your projects cause they’ll all be done by the end of the pandemic.
Sudanese Soldier Shoots Himself Intentionally | Fire Test
Let’s all return our toilet paper.
Movie tickets should cost more for children under 5 years old to discourage people of bringing them.
Anybody who eats a bagel is transformed into a pile of bagels of equivalent mass of the person who ate the bagel. These new bagels fly around trying to force themselves into peoples mouths.
Darkoles
OLYMPICS JUST FOR CHRISTMAS TREE DECORATING
Human minds are very easily influenced and we cannot tell because we 100% think our thoughts and actions come from our own brain.
Instead of pepper spray, THC spray.
Send all the college kids who went on Spring Break trips to the back of the line for jobs after college.
Have an old wallet full of counterfeit bills (maybe from Monopoly) and a picture of a certain anime man to troll pickpockets.
Slug bug extreme?
Have presidential term of 4 years plus 1 year more after removing a complete extremity from his/her own body. 6 month extension by removing parts of a next of kin.
Eduporn! - Porn that actually teaches people to be better at sex, while still being hot and horny.
Future smart home technology could monitor the behavior and personality of your pet over its life, then project a hologram, augmented reality, or even robot to help with grieving your loss.
When something becomes legalized (like sales and distribution of marijuana), everyone previously charged with that crime should be exonerated and released from prison. The tax dollars from that industry should be used to get these people back on their feet.
There should be an add on that lets you CTRL + F words in a YouTube video.
If Trump announced universal healthcare right now, no Democrat could beat him.
Take advantage of low cruise prices and have a party cruise ship full of young adults. Make it a huge event.
A helmet to isolate yourself on your head.
half the people have 3 jobs and the other half none so the unemployment rate is -50%
Save every semen load from jerking off in your life
Movies where common conspiracy theories are played out as if they are 100% true.
Make bath bombs with a tiny bead of pure sodium metal in the center.
A filter for sifting out American junk. I would love a filter that show posts not related to American trash news
Remove all power from all politicians, and instead they just suggest how people should interact with eachother. If you ignore the bad ones, they will go away instead of getting stronger.
John Hughes and John Carpenter should team up to make a Home Alone/Halloween crossover movie.
Pausing some of our cells abilities for a moment to hamper virus.
A beer company should make bottles that look wildly penis
A cooking pot that drops in oil, spices, vegetables, and other different types of foods in at a predetermined set time
A gang that holds up stores and just takes all the candy bars from by the cash register.
How you voted in the presidential election is tied to your Selective Service number. If a draft occurs, the pool starts with those who voted for the current commander in chief.
Only let Blacks be jurors to combat prejudice
Don't pack the Supreme Court, overpack it! Increase the number of seats on the bench to one googol (10^100.) Since there are no explicit requirements in the constitution, make literally everyone a full court justice. Every living human being, worldwide, will now be a Supreme Court Justice.
The plural form of "human" should be "humen"
Vote for Keanu Reeves to become President of the United States so that he actually is an Ex-President in the movie Point Break.
Auto Insurance companies should lobby to have deer season extended and kill maximums increased. Less deer means less car accidents.
A store randomizing the prices for all their items at the register for 24 hours, you could find yourself in infinite debt from buying groceries or leave with a $6 TV
Switch the major US political party names
The american west and northern mexico should secede and create their own country, cowboy country
Would you rather?
Replace water fountains with the occasional sprite fountain to throw unsuspecting victims through a loop.
A General Strike until Trump and Pence both resign and leave office.
Social media apps need to have break periods
A razor subscription service that only sells really expensive blades and handles to show off: Baller Shave Club
All of us with birthdays during this pandemic haven’t turned another year yet. We should ALL go celebrate our birthdays simultaneously that weekend when the distancing breaks and celebrate “together” by partying all around the world!
Have 2 different upvote/downvote buttons. 1 for relevance which would affect visibility and 1 for agreement or disagreement which would affect karma making it a meaningless score as was intended.
New Year’s Eve should be at 9pm. Early enough to gtfo and sleep and gives everyone 3 extra hours to celebrate.
Similar to the bags of only marshmallows from lucky charms, a tub of just the cream from oreos.
Anytime someone asks you if you like something that's super popular (x), respond with "Who's x?" or "What's a x?".
Water Engine
In pilots school, for beginners they should make giant baby heads on the runway and the pilots have to land the plane in the mouth of the baby and say "here comes the airplane"
We have the technology! Police officer body cams should be uploaded on county public websites for county/city members to view during an arrest.
A buoyant vehicle on the surface of the water that dives beneath the surface using the same principles that a plane uses to fly.
We should actually be child proofing things by not letting them get away with things.
2 equally likely theories that 1 of has to be true if the other is not, that are both considered conspiracy theories
Have professional drone pilots fly LED drones and spell out "Congratulations You Survived 2020 Now Onto The Next Level 2021" which will take a lot of drones.
Reddit should divide awards into medals and reactions
Cervecería Modelo should do its part and capitalize on the pandemic by offering an affordable Corona beer delivery service in locked down areas, thus encouraging people to stay home and get drunk instead of going out.
Bioengineer cyanobacteria to be more efficient and spread them everywhere! Bonus points if they have odd neon colours and become a fashion accessory.
Ok ok, here me out! A steam bath! Ok? For gay people only! So that it's not too awkward. Where the water is heated by burning cannabis smoke that leaks into the room!!
We should pay people to wear masks in public.
A Star Trek episode where all the Enterprises from throughout time come together to fight a common foe.
A Time Bank
John Cena launching a camouflage clothing line
Get a dog, name it Alexa, then teach it all the orders Alexa can make
combine super fluid/shield for virus cure
Have a flat-Earther fly up into orbit to prove the curvature of the Earth
Everyone who has been fired from or quit SNL should form an sketch comedy show that includes at least one sketch per episode where Lorne Michaels is made fun of for being a rich old, entitled parasite.
The imposters in Among Us should have a private chat to strategize with each other.
Let's implement trademarked words and phrases in our everyday conversations, so they're generalized and can no longer be trademarked
Instead of measuring land in acres or hectares, measure it in football fields
Collectively nominate the anti-maskers for the 2020 Darwn awards
We should handle shitty tourists with paintball guns.
We have the technology! Police officer body cam recordings should turn to live when an attest is being taken place and uploaded on county public websites for county/city members to view at anytime.
There should be an active big Subreddit that can be used to revive/create/give instant subscriber boost by cloning subscribers to one subreddit per week which would be decided by the most upvoted post of the week. This sub needs to get back to it's glory days too.
Attempt the heists from La Casa de Papel.
Garbage disposal by baling it up and dropping it into active volcanoes.
Global depopulation plan consisting of a lab made super infectious virus, an event so horrific that it sparks protests around the world. Boom virus takes out the socially conscious while the stay at home and don’t make waves gene becomes dominant in the species.
What about Ben Shapiro flipping over a table and screaming the n word because his waiter was Arab, only for him to actually be a dark Sicilian, and then running away out of embarrassment
Nail-Brush: A brush for cleaning dishes made with human nails.
Pipe Shaped Solar Balloon Drone Thing + Cloud Spray Catching with Electric Charge of said Pipe Shaped Balloon
We should switch consonant voicing for all stops, fricatives, and affricates in the English language. (We zhoult zwidj gonzonand foicink vor all zdobz, vrigadifs, ant avvrigadez in θe Enklizh lankuach.)
Change the law of physics so that the bigger a bullet is, the stronger
If Aphrodite was male society would probably care more about how men look rather then how women look
COVID-19 plot
A cowboy hat that when its put on, it plays old town road
Listen to Tara Reade.
A social distancing app that beeps when your phone is within 6 feet of another phone
On Easter planes should fill their cargos with candy and make it rain
People are given achievements throughout the pandemic ....
A type of cooled blanket
mobile 2020 is like the desktop of 1989
Lobotomise white people on death row, and let black people own them as slaves.
Let's require random drug tests for presidents, senators and members of congress.
New execution method. Keep prisoners close together. And set in a highly diseased bat as food for good measure.
Anyone who buys a yacht or super yacht is immediately audited and they must make a presentation about how they got the money
Security guard working in samsung may call themselves " Guardian of the galaxy"
After the quarantine ends, you're only allowed to leave the house and start working if you have 4 rolls of toilet paper left
There should be an 'anti-think tank' consisting of low educated, low information people
Why don't we bombard lifeless planets with various microbes and cell life to ensure that Life in the Universe isn't only on earth?
Joe Biden should change his campaign slogan to "Make America Great Again"
Create a Go Fund Me for people who would lose hours working due to voting in the election, so more people can go vote.
Surround the Capitol Building with a barrier of American flags, so rioters can't enter without damaging the flag
Stopping covid 19 with optimized herd immunity, aka putting yo grandparents in luxury resorts and vacant hotels until the rest of the population is clear of the virus
Guys get their own hammer at birth. It’s the hammer they die with
To Ease the Deficit, the United States Government Should Start Selling Indulgences
A genetically engineered snake that's fluffy
An emoji filter on Reddit
'Ghoster' marker on dating apps.
Commission a study to determine the amount of road rage is caused by angry car faces
Create a policy that automatically starts an investigation into corruption whenever a President leaves office.
Why don’t we have an anti-lottery where you have a good chance of winning $2 but a small chance of losing $100-$1,000,000?
A post-COVID festival or holiday that’s a birthday party... for everybody
When the romance fizzles with your blind partner...
Am I a weirdoSomeone needs to make a deepfake of old Captain America but instead of making him look like an old steve, make him stan lee
Cuz this will be the last sad song you hear from me
12PM should be midnight and 12AM should be noon. We don't count 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,0.1 now do we?
Series of movies about a Godzilla style monster who keeps attacking Rome
Invalid Compound Hair Saloon for Men!
When censoring swear words on radio or television, use different tones for different words.
Let's make mouths and noses the new private parts.
make it unconstitutional for the government to treat people with respect, so they will start doing it
Do a movie about the German pilot sparing the American bomber starring Ben Affleck and Jason Clarke
There should be a service gives free energy drinks to people in africa
Playboi Carti should do a tour rn
What’s the Most Fuc*ked up thing a person can do that you can think of?
Save your pimple stuff in a jar!
Turn election day into a national celebration, like a supercharged 4th of July
Free College, funded by ads.
Grave Finder websites should also have a Google Street View style view of cemeteries
Earn money by driving with a sticker on your car's back window
There needs to be a cooking show where the contestants are given the same base ingredients but can cook different dishes. And instead of your normal chefs, it will be three random grandmas from different corners of the world. There will be no winners or losers, just delicious food.
If we are truly living in a video game simulation , today is about celebrating the first recorded respawn ever.
Start a company to develop and patent asshole ideas so that no one else cant put them into use
Make a canal to the Qattara Depression to help lower sea levels.
A PBS program where lawmakers/politicians justify their controversial laws to grade-schoolers.
House flies are ANNOYING
Haggis flavored vape juice
What if I?
Feed into the everyday life of the adolescent that personality is just a construct.
An app which notifies you of people nearby who share the same interests/hobbies.
An ebike charged by pedalling an exercise bike.
Fill your entire car, apart from the driver's seat, with helium balloons. Your car won't float, but it will be lighter and thus more fuel efficient.
Allow people the option to pay off their student loans with community service hours instead of their wages.
People should give homeless people gift cards, not cash.
A restaurant that offers you a burrito the size of your forearm. It would be free if the person could finish it under the allotted time.
The internet and apps like this will look so antiquated one day when the internet becomes one big virtual reality world
Nobody "owns" any land anymore... They just pay a (much lower) rent or property tax to an "Earth Fund" which allows them control of a certain space to live or for business. There can be fences, but not really to keep people off of 95% of the planet, more to direct traffic...
Legally define the borders of the Human body as part of the "home" as relevant to the "stand your ground law" that just cuz you're in public does not mean someone from the government can invade such space, and that you may entirely ignore them and walk around them and keep going
A TV show called “Flip this house” where contestants team up to dislodge houses from their foundations and flip them upside down.
What if some awards,could be bought with karma?
Make all drugs legal, and allow olympic athletes to use whatever they want. Make all olympians submit blood for transparency of what drugs they use.
They should make a sequel to Forrest Gump. It would follow his son as he makes contributions to recent history such as sending the first Rick Roll, being one of the early programmers for Minecraft, etc.
''Death Island'' - a special prison where murderers are encouraged to murder each other in arenas.
Refer to developers of games that don't allow you to pet all the non-hostile animals as "anti-pet" to shame them into making more animals pettable
Make a new amendment stating politicians can't bitch about a problem without having a solution to that problem.
Stop brousing on ur' phone and get back to the party!
Rent-a-stomach. Someone else eats and digests your food for you.
an application like YouTube spotify or tiktok but you use it when you want to watch or listen to something ironically
A live-action Grinch adaptation happening in NY where Grinch is a middle aged man who hates Christmas.
Become a defense lawyer. Do your job poorly on purpose so your client can get off on a mistrial.
A tv show about day to day life on the spaceship following Hale-Bopp for members of Heaven's Gate
Lebron Shames. A TV show where he asserts dominance
Use a giant laser to write messages on the moon that can be seen from earth
Kickstarter would be more interesting if contributors got stock in the company
A Trump compound
Automate homelessness to free homeless to get back into normal houses
A way to filter subreddits for television series by the episode/season you're on, so watching older shows can feel like brand new while on Reddit.
Tie a really long rope to the towhook of space rockets, and they will all be retrievable from orbit after launch, without wasting fuel on the return trip.
If pornhub made a dating app based on search history it'd probably be more accurate than most.
A Wolverine vs predator movie. Disney has the licence for both characters, why not make the movie?
A subreddit for posting confirmed karma whores so random people can downvote all their posts thereby negating their ill-gotten karma.
laser grass cutting system that cuts your lawn with one sweep of the laser
To be able to run for president of the nominee can only make up to the median income of the population.
Google removing ads from news articles that are misleading and have shocking titles with no interesting content.
Dookies of Hazard movie
Start an Instagram for a child, like the crazies who narrate as if they were the babies, then continue telling the story of the tragic loss of the parents, and the child keeps posting as if normal, not not quite...
Nobel Laureates should be paid more than NBA players
Podcast apps have a feature to export/import listen histories when switching apps.
Crowd power
A game show where people have to go to auctions and bid for things they can't afford, with the goal being bidding the highest amount without winning the auction. If they win the item, they have 1 month to come up with the money.
Make-up makes you feel like you are beautiful but, the truth is exactly opposite.
We should be able to buy coins with karma
an all you can eat grocery store but you still take the food home and cook it yourself. Its all you can eat during a certain time range like 2 hours at your house. You show them how much you're eating using a phone app or something, and pay a constant price for it, excluding leftovers.
If a kid suspects that the mall Santa isn't real just tell them that he is a retired elf who works for Santa and he reports back at the north poll with the list of gifts that the kid wants.
Make a face mask exactly like your face, but removing or adding anything you like or dislike on it.
Since people are told to tell nothing but the truth in court, they should just ask them if they committed the crime
Anyone can be an elite twitch gamer by playing only pro footage and making lip movements
Skyscraper ziplines
Saw this on r/showerthoughts. credits to u/weedpilot
Instead of using fingerprints for identification, start using nipple prints
Using poop to make electricity. Fecal matter has some of the same natural gases we use to make elec, so since we'll never run out of poop... I've been grappling with this idea for the last 3 months, and coming out with it is huge for me
Hoard a shit ton of toilet paper and sell it for 4 times the price on Amazon.
We recreate the entire world in Minecraft during the quarantine so we don't have to go outside.
Stop being assholes to each other for a little while.
With super speed, shape shifting, control over animals, material spawning, and possible reality warping. Santa would be the strongest avenger.
Foot pedals like on trash cans but for public toilets. So you never have to touch the seat
ISP's throttling bandwidth should be illegal
The Jefferey Epstein "Suicide" VR Experience. Choose between getting choked out by Hillary w/ a piano wire while Bill watches rubbing one out in the corner, the Trump boys rapelling from the ceiling mission impossible style while dad watches on FB live, or Prince Andrew with an electrical cord.
A competitive team-based video game (MOBA, BR, etc) where one member of the team is ALWAYS a terrible AI that will drag your team down.
A Like/Upvote button that gives more "like" the longer you hold it.
A machine that takes change in drive thrus.
A cooling system that plugs into your duvet so that you have the comfortable weight of the blanket but it feels nice and cool and helps you have the best sleeps. Dreamy.
Online brick and mortar retail.
Emojis be accepted in the URL bar
'Batman: The COVID Revenge' - A blockbuster movie based on Batman hunting down the people who eat bats that started the virus. He discovers a far more sinister plot.
Use a neural network, feed in all 3000+ submissions for the new Mississippi State Flag, the result will be the new state flag
Chameleon Armor
A Tinder for artists to meet millionaires who want to evade taxes using art appraisals and donations.
What if you could choose to be throttled by your carrier in order to save your alloted data for later in the month?
Money
Phones should have a 'Drunk' mode which we switch on when we start drinking. To open any messaging app, it should ask increasingly harder math problems as time passes and resets only the next day morning.
Ima start calling things I used to call gey, “so Disney” and I like it.
Hong Kong protestors should all dress in Winnie the Pooh costume. The Chinese media and government have to censor it due to Xi Jinping’s ban on the character.
A sub for unsung samaritans/true beauty in humanity
A movie about a midwesterner who died without realizing and then goes to a NASCAR event. The countdown starts and suddenly he realizes the cars are backwards, they only TURN RIGHT, and his beer is NON-ALCOHOLIC. This is his eternal hell.
A subreddit that automatically bans you when you submit anything
Solar panel on your car to power A/C and accessories
Carrot is the cheesiest vegetable
YouTube Creators should get together to create a new platform that has a better content policy, and doesn't demonetize every single creator's video
Create a new operating system called CE. You're gonna be the CEO of CEOS.
Consider this &amp; contact your representative: a world pvp zone.
The UFC should organize predator/prey fights with leveled playing fields. The mouse has a tazer. The cat can only throw money.
A sub called "what should i do with this face?" in wich people would post a picture of their faces and others would suggest things that would improve it, like haircuts/color, eyebrow styles, skin treatment, etc.
COVID-19 cure researchers should intentionally get infected so they have "Skin In The Game"
Reddit will make an announcement. As of 1 minute before the announcement everyone’s karma...
1st Trimester Adoption contracts
A movie about the USA trying to live a normal suburbanite lifestyle during a massive zombie outbreak.
A video of cats fighting, but recorded with a slow-mo camera
Instead of war, a country should elect a champion to fight to the death. The fight would be broadcasted and the revenue from PPV and Ads would bring major income to both countries.
Only do 1 kind of work you specialize in and get really efficient at, and use it to pay specialists to do every other task in your life such as you don't just call a plumber to fix your pipes but you say fix that and soon it magically appears to get fixed and you have paid for it
A romantic movie with a really ugly guy as the main character.
The government should give all Americans $100 to buy a sex toys.
Delete every single subreddit and leave the userbase to re-fill the site from scratch.
Chicken liver flavored bubblegum.
Every country should celebrate new years at the exact same time relative to the earths journey around the sun.
If we stopped calling it the Department of Defense and went back to calling it the Department of War like we did through WWII, we'd be a lot more judicious with its use.
If Kanye West has brothers, Will their name's be "Kanye north, south and east"?
Convince any Rs you know to enlist because they'll become heroes in the next big one
Injecting a geosignal that phones can interpret while charging.
Netflix User Option: Always Auto-Skip Intro
Write a hit song with sick beats, big name stars, and featuring 2016 audio of Senator Lindsay Graham's saying a new Supreme Court Justice shouldn't be picked until after an election. Get it to #1. (Profit?)
Find a Cargo Cult. During a ceremony, have a plane drop a crate of various culturally-appropriate goods.
darwin
Have next year's Academy Awards be hosted by Chris Hansen.
Any company that needs bailing out by the government should automatically become a public non-profit.
A.I. Archiver Satellite
A “No life story/bullshit” Website
A shazam app that lets you know what the hell your upstairs neighbors are doing
With the rising usage of smart doorbell cameras, such as ring, and the rapid decline in individual privacy, it would not be surprising if we inadvertently built Big Brother for the government.
A newspaper/news channel that only spreads positive and wholesome news in its content
What if people started having purple hair as a natural color?
Alarm clocks should have an “I’m already awake, you don’t need to go off today” button.
A movie where different directors only work on one part
Fantasy League Presidential Write-Ins of 2020
Poll every American affected by coronavirus for their political affiliation. I'm genuinely curious
The government should hire masochists with bondage kinks to be spies/message carriers. That way, they'll be immune to most enemy torture!
Flood Lindsey Grahm's home mailbox with High Times magazines when marijuana is legalized nation wide!
Inverting glasses
Rumble Chair for Air Traffic Controllers
A comedy show about history but its very inaccurate and it’s formatted like the nature scenes in the movie Strange Wilderness.
Green ticks for fact-checked Social media posts.
the idea that the government being accountable to the people is more important than governments need to keep secrets
Marvel Super Heros but Little Rascals style/age.
Start a rumor that people are hording stocks. Everyone will go out and purchase some, saving the economy.
Go to a Starbucks and order a coffee, tell them your name is Waldo, then despite having paid in full, leave before it's ready and they call your name. If you're in the UK say your name's Wally.
Start building houses with no windows, put tvs instead, have lower ac and heating costs
Reddit needs a filter you can click to temporarily hide insect/spider/centipede/snake related posts while you’re on the toilet
Save the rain forest?
Make use of Google Photos to find your doppelganger
Put all the timezones in the world on the same time and to distinguish what time of the day it is add or subtract a number on a scale of 0 to 12 | Example Midnight would be written as 00:00 Am in GMT and at the same time would be called 00:00 +5 in GMT+5.
Make milkshakes from other animals ?....
quarantine socialism and communism away from free markets
We should have the option to vote for none of the presidential candidates.
Have to go out among people right now and worried that people won't respect social distancing? Don't wear deodorant: people won't want to be near you.
Comedians try to make the worst movie possible
Is Americans need to desensitize ourselves to police brutality and emulate how the French behave towards low quality food. Ain’t havin’ none of it. ‘No no no no madame!’
Sign waving machine
Submit globe earth and similar photos to r/theworldisflat and r/flatearth downvote anything actually meant for the sub. If enough people try this we could overrun the sub, promoting science.
Fiscal responsibility
1. Use a time machine go to back to the 1920's. 2. Convince Canada to follow the UK, and not change to Right Hand Drive. Goat: Fuck with production companies who want to use Toronto and Vancouver to pretend to be New York.
Someone should devlop an app that uses facial recognition to find your doppelganger.
An option to automatically delete your reddit comments/posts after a month
ArgueHub: A website where you select an opinion and you are sent to chat with someone with an opposing opinion.
Doctor Whodunnit
Memorise the complete works of Shakespeare. Use it as your Facebook password.
Are you in charge of the White House band? Do you not care about losing your job? Just once, as the President walks in, have the band play, "Entry of the Gladiators."
Positive driver points that reward good driving with privileges like traffic violation forgiveness or free parking.
Build an economic system better than capitalism. To make all these crazy ideas true. For you.
A way to teach AI how to talk normal
An App That Automatically Checks Every Ride Sharing Service, and Books the Cheapest Ride.
Alabama Tinder
The US Mint should release a special coin that's worth...
Biden should select Obama as his VP.
Mindblowing: Sephardic girls hmu
A Horror/Thriller/Comedy starring Petter Dinklage as a world famous Pornstar, his Stage name is “Vlad The Imp-nailer”, and after getting many Cease and Desist letter for using the name in an unfit manner, he gets summonsed to Romania for a face to face with a man named Vlad.
Use tomato sauce, wine, juice, grease, and other items to make disgusting tie-dye shirts.
A way to rewatch favourite movies/shows.
Seasonal relationship: An agreement between you and a partner that you will be together every winter and single every summer
A way to change how we read articles online and read multiple view points
Can someone please redpill Noam Chomsky
Hook some scuba gear up on a whales blow hole.
Remake "Dodgeball A True Underdog Story" but cast Jack Black as himself, a member of the Average Joe's.
The voting age should start at 18 and cut off at 60. If young people can't vote, neither can old people.
A way to tell Google (and all advertising) company that I've already bought what I wanted
Make a piñata shaped like COVID-19 and fill it with airborne virus.
Spread a few hundred thousand tons of cannabis seeds, all over the planet using airplanes.
We should vocode everything to Viva la vida by Coldplay for the rest of February.
Hand-held mechanical sinusoidal wave function drawer
Instagram should make it harder to accidentally clicks on somebody’s live video so you don’t need to frantically close the app hoping they didn’t see you joined 🤯Ceiling light that houses short throw projectors to paint the sky on your ceiling.
If you do not vote in elections, you pay a fee. The money collected from the voting non-participation fees go straight towards the education department.
The ability to make payments on debt from your pretaxed income.
Communal reddit accounts instead of throways
Dragsuneix
Make Redditors go through satire identification courses, and if you fail you can’t use Reddit.
Allow redditors to cash in their karma to donate to their political party and candidate of choice.
Create a new Wireless Conspiracy Theory
There should be a song about passive-aggressively posting song lyrics on your blog. Then people can passive-aggressively post a response from that song, to criticise their passive-aggressiveness.
SasqWatch: It's a brand of fur lined watches for the outdoor types, with a luxury line being developed in the future. Bask in the glow of Sasq.
Library of things by FreeProject
A gory VR game where the goal is to successfully text while driving without getting into accidents.
Shopping centre and inner city parking lots should double for homeless shelters after hours.
A real-life platformer built with shelves in a wall for cats
When you receive a text, there should be an option to "remind me to reply later", for times when you want to reply but are busy doing other things.
Add a shortcut to circuit race tracks that the drivers are only allowed to use once per race
The “telephone game” of miscommunication is effectively ‘information redshift’
Using music as a communication medium instead of speech. Living the Disney life but without the dialogues.
A new law where, if you don't wear the color Orange on every Thursday then people are legally allowed to punch you in the face.
Internet challenges ideas: #Callyourmother, #Cleanyourdamnhouse, #Benicetostrangers
Turn Florida into our COVID colony.
Just thought of this
Make labor union for corporations/publicly traded companies mandatory.
Confusing search algorithms - Part 2
a tv show of a mountain size pile of old junk cars engine blocks, and all they do is cut them in half then throw them far down the mountain, like a maniac beast
A gun with 2 barrels and a knife seperaring them so it splits the bullet in 2
If Reddit posts are locked/archived after 6 months, should have an option to sort a sub for "past 6 months" (apart from "past year, month, etc")
Stockpile honey so that you can sell it for $1000/gram after bees become extinct and the Great Honey Wars begin
An official side of a street, sidewalk, hallway, etc. to walk in a direction
A business that bans all clocks and only cares how much work gets done instead of how long it takes to do it. Meetings happen when you speak to people and other people happen to gather around toward a common goal. If you dont get work done, or if you get 10 times more work done, get paid per work.
Trump knew no real change would come without riots so he did everything in his power in the last 3 years to get people out on the streets.
A new meal called “nowsies” that you can eat whenever you want.
Nintendo should directly couple the cost of turnips in "Animal Crossing: New Horizons" to the price of the company's shares on the stock market
Being able to change how many minutes the snooze button gives you on iPhones.
Let’s make a holiday once a year where the highest graded student in each class gets to teach for the day
Parental control setting on videogame consoles that progressively ramp up the difficulty until it's unplayable, at bedtime.
If we ever become a type 3 civilisation (definition in comments) we should fool around with younger civilisations and do fly by's and appearances to freak them
A celebrity live-action Among Us game show like The Masked Singer.
Here's a crazy idea, every time someone chirps that masks don't reduce your risk of infection, slap their stupid, vacant face and shovel these 22 studies down their ignorant throat. It's so crazy that you just might save a life.Bow to the person
Attaching a tiny generator to the tails of dogs. New source of almost unlimited power.
Give Mumbai Jumbo a modded version of Minecraft that doesn’t have redstone
Switch the names of cocaine and hurricanes. So you for example might get cocaine insurance right after you do a line of hurricane.
Hire out-of-work nightclub bouncers to enforce mask policies at stores
Pizza Protest
Music streaming app which can capture my emotion and play songs reflecting that particular emotion
It should be illegal for one person to purchase more than two stuff of any kind within 30 days of its arrival into the market.
Give people the right to legally define their whole body as a tumor if it displeases them, and to have the surgery to remove it
Make a Sensory Deprivation Chamber ‘experience park’, but modify it to fit the disabilities of famous people
Hair weave for women made out of overgrown pubic hair.
Restaurants should save all of their recyclable cans and bottles and donate them to a charity / collection that will trade them in to the states which collect. The charity can use the funds to get homeless people on their feet and support local shelters.
Hybrid reddit posts, where you can choose two subreddits to post to if the post is equally applicable to both instead of posting the same thing twice
Something like dance night, but for singing
A strip club where the strippers cook the food in front of you, and incorporate it into the show, Hibachi grill style
Spotify adds a feature that allows you to set an alarm clock that plays your preferred song to wake up to
American police officers should have mandatory military service to apply to the force.
Catching/Raking Clouds to deter/weaken hurricanes
Once a post gains a certain number of upvotes in this subreddit...
A service where you can buy a package of adds that a certain person will see for the coming days as to influemce them into buying you the right gift.
Build your own 6-pack for soda at the grocery store
A musical festival where the price of admission is a day of picking up trash (for the environment)
Crowdfunding campaign to help Oscar Isaac buy the rights to Star Wars and make a direct-sequel trilogy that makes Finnpoe canon
16 min Song (Calming) In the Air - From Bmore to Oakland
Once a year, shut off the entire Internet for 24 hours.
OC karma, so we know who really deserves our respect. Plus a charitable twist.
$$$ A REDDIT LOTTERY SYSTEM WHICH ACTUALLY PAYS OUT $$$
We unsubscribe to every subreddit modded by Cyxie, Merari01, Awkwardtheturtle, Siouxsie_siousv2, and Gallowboob, and make new subs to replace them.
Chat-Roulette but it pairs Streamers with 0 viewers together.
Erase all records of the placebo effect so people can maximize the effect
A New section in Netflix that shows you movies that are about to be taken off so you can watch them before they go.
BO Obama (family dog) should replace Biden as the democratic presidential nominee
A trash movie with really famous actors
Adopt a basketball version of the goalie, a player attached to a bungie cord that hangs from the ceiling, who can bounce up and down to block incoming shots.
What if we’ve been heading towards an ice age the last hundred years and aliens gave us the combustion engine to negate the cooling effects and now we’re moving to green energy and are slowing our only defense against an ice age
Netflix should add an "Health" genre with yoga and strength conditioning videos of various lengths, with some type of point system for finishing videos.
From birth, lock a child in a room with nothing but a computer. See whether he/she can acquire all the knowledge needed from the internet without any intervention other than food and other necessities.
Reddit could have a password locked custom feed or saved section for private posts and communities.
iPads/Tablets as gaming controllers
PornHub should use their resources to create a YouTube competitior: YourHub
Green Day should release a song this year called “Wake me up when 2020 ends”
An Indian romantic comedy where it glorifies rape, and then doesn't point out how wrong it is at the end or teach any kind of lesson other than encouraging rape.
A computer power source with a battery that lasts a few minutes would be very good in case of a blackout.
Give all coronavirus survivors over the age of 65 2 million dollars. Paid by the US Military budget.
A way to send text message at a scheduled time instead of immediately
Valve should drop Half-Life 3 and put it at a tiny link at the bottom of a DOTA update page
A subreddit where every comment and reply is a link to a subreddit relating to the topic or comment replied to.
Every drug should be legal. The consequence for taking the drug should be taking the drug.
Build an apartment complex in the form of a ferris wheel. Every cabin is a small hanging apartment with great dynamic views, but only chance per day to leave or get in.
Every time Trump fans start a new social media site, everyone should sign up and upload porn to it
Redeeming the awards we get on reddit post as cash
Chicken in a Biskit Dorritos
An app that let’s you use a drone with zoom.
Teachers should have to take the tests and quizzes that they assign their students. Whatever they score is considered a 100%, and it's all scaled based on that.
Eugenics for the betterment of humanity BUT ,its not mandatory, u can only volunteer! The state will give appropriate gifts to attract certain people. Example: do you have peanut allergies ? we give you the amount of 3 minimum wages + 5% tax cut to not have children + priority if u want to adopt!
Abolish all currency EXCEPT the penny.
We should put a bunch of babies in the wild to see what crazy shit they’ll come up with like languages and tools and other stuff
Why isnt it a rule that every Pedofile, Murderer and so on get the “stamp” tattooed on their forhead? I hate walking down the road and not knowing if there is something behind that oldie wanting to say hi/talk to my child 😩
Raise a kid in an environment where people only wear Santa-style clothing... Then see if he freaks out when his parents take him to see a normally dressed person once a year.
People should pretend that the subreddit r/thatHappened doesn't exist, considering that there are many very believable stories on there all the time, hence why r/nothingeverhappens exists.
An adapter that lets you use USB3.0 thumbdrives as plug-in RAM
Make all grocery stores drive through only based on an online preorder system
Reddit "Curses" as anti-Awards.
How To Get Over Your Fear of Rejection Forever. (REJECTION is a GOOD THING!)
If an NFL team has covid positive players, they don't get to postpone the game, they have to use backups from the practice squad or fan volunteers in order to punish them
An App like Tinder but faster.
hear me out - What if i hacked into the mainframe? what if i crunched some numbers and got some stats from the encrypted code?
What if people could experience your life and make a subreddit to meme/discuss it?
Match Site but for Obscure Games
Make baseball fields twice as big and let the outfielders use slingshots
Take American politicians off of Medicare and make them buy into private insurance.
A tool that allows users to swap their employee coupon/discount code with other users who work for other companies.
Have soccer stadiums offer a promotional "free Bowie knife" day.
They should make thispersondoesnotexist.com have real people to see if people will still be like, “This one just doesn’t look real” or if they will be able to tell
Trolls got you down? Flirt with them instead of yelling.
Laptop game idea - Space Pods - The game where you grow a colony of curious aliens inside a pod in space. As the alien caretaker, you are responsible for getting the aliens resources from planets by mining or doing adventures. The planets are located on servers in real life bars/restaurants.
How To Die The Worst Way Possible
Polly-O G-String Cheese
A world where time is relative to money. The richest man in the world with all the power is 31 years old and dying. The poorest man in the world is 132 and still wonders when the end will come.
Make a high-budget film where the main actors are small actors that nobody's heard of but the extras are famous actors like Leonardo DiCaprio and Dwayne Johnson
Google photos should have an option to share a picture with the people in the picture.
A starfish can grow back it’s Limbs and also grow back it’s whole body from a limb. So if you buy one starfish, break all it’s legs , you will soon get multiple starfish, keep doing that and you’ll get infinite starfish and you can sell it to get infinite money.
Let's make "you too" the standard response for "enjoy your food".
Do a movie with Daniel Radcliffe and Elijah wood in it where they can’t tell which one is the split personality only to find out they both are.
Firehouses that shoot mace down hallways in buildings like the capitol.
I think the inauguration should be held on Roblox; after all they hosted a Lil Nas X concert last year isn't it?
Make it international law that anyone who starts a war has to be present on the front lines of said war for the entire duration of the war. To not be present at the front lines would be a war crime.
A reddit encyclopaedia to help find subs without obvious names
A tiny mouth on each of your teeth. All express radically different views on various topical, controversial subjects at random through out the day. In your own voice, so everyone thinks it's you speaking. But it's not.
ESPN needs a new channel that only plays post game interviews and their 30 for 30 interviews so you can fall asleep to it and not be woken up by some sports center anchor saying BOOM GOES THE DYNAMITE, or whatever. I would call the channel ESPN Nighty Night.
We should be wearing masks.
Netflix and Snack Crate should partner to send you select movie snacks every month.
Now I know I'm going to sound crazy... But what works works!
Jalapeño Hand Sanitizer
A beauty pageant where the winner gets the "Most Nut-To-Able" award.
Quarantine everyone who thinks covid is a hoax on an island and see how they hold up for a year while the rest of us receive the vaccines
Divert investments towards Gene Banks instead of conservation efforts.
For the 1,000,000th reverse mortgage, Tom Selleck should show up to steal the home.
Rather than going metric the US should redefine the yard as equal to one meter. Then use yards to measure everything.
Buy a plot of land somewhere. Tell everyone that they can live on it if they build their own house. Start a city from scratch.
Secretly link the Biden and Trump Town Hall programs together to produce Disney’s “The President Trap”
At the end of each year the population vote if they support the current government. If less than 50% of the voters support the government, reelections are triggered for the next october. Politicans who reached pensioneers age are not allowed to run (again).
Actually go through with the Joe Rogan debate, but replace Biden with Jeff Dunham's Walter puppet and see how long it takes Trump to notice.
There’s both a TP and a blood shortage
Let's all agree to skip December and get this ridiculous year over with sooner.
8 Kilometer
Make it manditory to have a seat belt light on the outside of the car as well
A video game based on The Hunger Games
God got to be God by destroying the previous universe and making a new one in its place. You could do the same. Instead of getting up tomorrow morning and going to work or whatever, destroy the universe.
We should start a Starship Troopers style “I’m doing my part” campaign
At Distance Speed Dating: daters only remove their masks once inside the glass cubicle 6 yards away. People talk with Apartment buzzer style push button radio.
A music festival inside of a big amusement park like six flags/cedar point... drug paradise😍😍
What if I painted all my walls with whiteboard paint?
Everyone should vote including kids and illegals, just to get a census of the opinions of people in the U.S. who may one day vote
There should be a Shazam like app but for noises in your house at night.
Hitler meets another hitler from a parallel universe that only hates germans
The ability to forward people your "availability calendar" via email or social media, to help organise meetings
Open an attorney's office in a big shopping mall. Locate it in/near the hallway that leads to the restrooms. Make sure it's clear that it specializes in divorce. Reap the rewards of couples fighting over shopping.
a suitcase that only unlocks at specific locations if anyone tries to open it sprays tear gas
Include a word/topic display on incoming phone calls so you know what someone is calling about before picking up. Eg “Darren is calling about ‘lunch’”
Alarm clock that you have sex with in ther morning to quiet down. For woman it dispenses tooth paste.
Have Gordon Ramsey visit a restaurant- nothing fancy, just something simple- where people genuinely enjoy the food and it gets a lot of good reviews.
What if the seasons were controlled by a being that spends 6 months to change from cold to hot, but we humans only try to fight back, so when the being has made a full rotation to the winter and sees humans trying to get warm, it thinks that we want hot, so it spends another 6 months of hard work
If the "SOUL" is real, and people who go into a Coma come out still with their SOUL, then the SOUL must posses physical properties. It is not bound by the state of consciousness in the brain but it otherwise bound to the human mind. We can study and reproduce this
Spotify/Netflix comments
A subreddit for karma boosting where every member upvotes and comments on every post.
Install a watertight door on uterus
We should all sort by controversial all time, then message the OP's who faked things for karma, just to see how they are doing. Even in comments.
Computers are reverse engineered alien technology. It’s taken so long progress because their not helping us in any way. We reverse engineered to a primitive version of what we found to try to build what they are capable of. If the Area 51 Raid succeeded Ȑ̸̙͙͒̃ͅe̸̾͜ṁ̴̢o̷̡̓̆̄v̷̹̳͌͝ȩ̴̛̣̍ͅd̴̛̩͎̈́͠
An edible pistol. You kill somebody with it and then in order to get rid of it you eat it.
Tu Girl: A painting of conjoined twins. One has a face and has your face.
TeamTrees created the corona virus to cut down on greenhouse emissions
Browsers Should Learn What Operating System you use and only show tech support questions related to it
A USB dongle that lets you plug two USB 3.0 drives into it and have USB 2.0 computers transfer files between them at full speed
IoT face masks
Skydiving over mountian cliffs that has a cable from the peak to the bottom.
To counteract inflation any money in any bank account left for over one month without being spent is deleted
Put hydroponic farms on the roofs of dead malls
Grocery stores should work backwards - drive thru style
Shuffleboard but the court is on a set of stairs.
Make shipping to PO Boxes faster and cheaper. It certainly should because you don't have to go that last mile. Would cut down on tons of gas / carbon emissions.
Wars should be fought wrt to various sports
Leave libertarian party presidential debates unmoderated
Build a giant tower with a spiral staircase to the top and an electricity generating decent that pays you per pound to ride down and call it a slim mill.
An app that would tell you which streaming service has the movie you want to watch right now.
An older kind of NAMBLA thats between geezers and 18 year olds
Police accountability improvement in four steps.
Depression match up! Find the perfect people who are going through whatever it is in life that you go through as well, and are most likely to be able to connect to you. Penpals for comfort.
A way to get free Reddit coins when you get karma.
An app where you buddy up and make deals with strangers to share subscriptions to services. For example, you have Netflix (Monthly Standard $12.99) but you also want Showtime (Monthly $10.99). You share accounts with someone who has Showtime and wants Netflix (they pay the additional $2.00 to you)
Start calling homeless shelters "no kill people shelters" to make other people pay more attention to them.
An idea to bridge the partisan divide in the US congress
Bring back r/place
Rename "microwave oven" to "pissed off antenna".
We should rename phones since we only spend 1% of our time on them using the actual phone functionality.
Corona should lean into this and sell 19 packs.
When doctors, therapists,nurses, lawyers, and teachers screw up badly enough, they lose their license to practice. Police should be required to maintain a similar license. If it gets revoked, they can never be a cop again.
PangolinSkin (Non-adhesive, fabric-held Dragon Skin-style) AR-15 resistant body armor
Since poor people are the biggest spreaders of Covid, cities should surround these neighborhoods with barriers that make it impossible for anyone to leave until the pandemic is overThey should rename pine cones, "spine cones" and on November 13, everyone has to surgically add them to their spine
Maybe it's time to start doing gentic experiments on human embryos and such, to expand our knowledge of human genetics, thereby inevitably creating various factions of super human races in the long distant future.
Lenovo IdeaPad Flex 5i Laptop
A horro comedy movie where an absolute psychopath wants to kill everyone but everytime he tries his weapon or efforts turn into something harmless.
An original NES game called "Da Cunt" where you can shoot that fucking dog.
Hop scotch with land mines
Allocate a portion of each political party’s spending to fund the Department of Compromise: A bipartisan, independent committee that equally measures each other’s proposals for policies and come to a solution that sits well with everyone
What if public schools had a position for a "Public Affairs Office" to help explain all the good things the school does for the community?
Take all of the items, NPC's, and Places in r/ItemShop and other subreddits to make a game.
An option on Spotify or other streaming services that allowd you to listen to a podcast but every set amount of time a song or two of your choice will play.
Boxing on Ice, the name speaks for itself really.
Donuts, but the cream filling is spread evenly through the entire donut
Anyone caught disobeying self quarantine is not allowed to be treated until everyone else that obeyed is treated.
Aliens.. Unacknowledged explained?
Can we switch jill for joe? I mean the bidens. Jill biden?
An anime about a harem MC trying to avoid the tropes of being an harem MC.
Make a version of The Family Feud, but the answers are the top comments from that Reddit post.
If we had sea world re-home off the shores of Lake Michigan and have them release the orcas and dolphins into the lake.
Fake the weather forecast with rain through lockdown so people don’t go outside
An organisation which funds vacations to popular museums e. g. in London, so members of native tribes can see their old artifacts
Edit cigarettes in old movies into sour straws
Ban poison ivy and legalize weed. Which would you rather have growing in your yard?
Idea &amp; the Business of Release Notes
If you have spare change in your hand and some falls to the ground, make a wish because technically you just dropped a coin down a (gravity) well
Every post apocalypse movie/show/game must now have each survivor equipped with at least a 24 roll of toilet paper.
Attach a zip line from the international space station to Earth
Missed connections but it’s specifically for Fall Guys Beeves
If you could put an ICBM platform the moon you would have military supremacy
Gordon Ramsay singing for Simon Cowell and Simon Cowell cooking for Gordon Ramsay.
Re-brand green energy as republican by making it a race issue. I.e. saying that if we have green energy, we won't be buying oil off of middle easterns
Protect 19.2 sq ft of rainforest per day by clicking on ads
Bright green (or other colour) clingy dust to sprinkle all over the floor before you sweep/vacuum so you can tell if you've done it properly
Jerk off to a video of you jerking off to you watching yourself jerk off.
(Union) Civil war reenactors should attend BLM in costume
Let's make it happen!!
A phone with sonar technology to detect and alert what's swimming around you while you're swimming.
Pringles should put their flavor dust on the bottom of the chip.
A video game called Nintendoods. It's Like Nintendogs, but you take care of dudes instead of dogs.
Buy a 3D printer. Use it to print out a 3D printer. Return the original 3D printer.
Groups of stores share banned anti-maskers data so they can't shop anywhere the same way flights ban terrorists so they can't fly anywhere.
If you’re watching a video with a playback speed of x2 on YouTube, the adds should also play twice as fast.
For the next Super Bowl, the person who sings the national anthem should sing “O’er the land of the privileged!!!” instead of “O’er the land of the free!!!” and still put emphasis on the high note to unsettle things. They should do this until America is actually the land of the free.
Contact your Senators/Congressmen to urge them to appeal to the UN for a peacekeeping mission to be sent.
Police body cameras activated by command "officer record this encounter"
Beyblades with augmented reality. Yu-Gi-Oh with augmented reality. Just keep going.
Apps should have an ad button, but they shouldn't force ads, if I like the app, I'll watch an ad for it. That will be an easier way to support it.
A way of cataloguing music by its attributes so Spotify can recommend songs based on the vibe of it, not just genres and years.
Getting a suitably powerful projector and projecting on to the capitol building the definitions of: evidence, testimony, law, constitution, oath, and duty.
The next two Star Wars movies should be the stories of KOTOR and KOTOR 2, hands down the best stories in the Star Wars Universe.
Pass a law in the US that only allows kids media (such as kids tv shows and movies) to only be voiced and acted by Australians. Watch all the English-speaking countries accent and dialect slowly descend into crikeyness.
Reddit would not allow repost and would direct a user to the original post to cross post it. Then if you subscribe to multi subreddits you only see a cross posted post once and never again!
Tie rope to a lawn chair and weather balloon to lawn chair, sit in lawn chair, and float really high, when done have someone on the ground lower you back down
A cat obstacle course/game show
If the world is gonna deal with big problems in the future isn't this a good moment to stand together and form a single and strong nation instead of many nations against each other?
Create an MMO where the in-game currency is a real world crypto currency?
Lower hospital bills for childbirth by offering a discount for replacing the child's belly button with a popular brand's logo
A special license to prove you can drive safely when you're drunk
What if we made using robots to sell products illegal?
Remove all "how-to" videos online so that people have to read books again
An Elon Musk gaming YouTube channel
only get things from people by voluntary trade and payment, instead of getting them locked into systems that suck the value out of their efforts and limit their possible futures
A vacuum cleaner that also has a safe to use attachment to suck your cock dry
Idea for a realistic hell
A pillow that always feels like the cool side of the pillow.
Change the name of the planet Uranus to Ouranos.
r/wallstreetbets winners should donate some of their gains to the less fortunate
Farmers who live near algae blooms should use water(and algae) from the blooms to water their farms.
A video game game where you’re at a party with ancient Egypt high society and you’re trying to get to the damn bathroom at the pharaoh’s place.
Do you hate someone and also have their email address? Why not sign them up to random mailing lists. Mr Upton thinks I should have double detention. Well I hope he enjoys his beetroot growers monthly mails.
Political parties become like sports teams, aren't allowed to change their stances on major issues, get voted out in a March Madness style elimination bracket, and are legally required to fight for their chosen issues
Those who know how to skydive should be allowed to jump off an airplane if there's an emergency
Move from Moscow to D.C. and open a pizza place called "Russian's Pies!"...
Hook up Kamala Harris to Artificial Intelligence
can we say we're all already died?
A bot that automatically deletes posts that get downvoted for you!
Exit buttons being put on the bottom of phone apps.
A subreddit where people who cant figure out a song they want to know the name of post recordings of what they think it sounds like.
a snowplow but for water on roads
“Cuties” being an ingenious plan by the FBI to make pedos come to them so everyone who watched it could now be on a watchlist.
Clone Steve Rodgers from Captain America 2 Winter Solider and have him run this country for a lifelong term with the rest from avengers 4 as one big vice president.It would be cool if businesses were routinely broken up into smaller businesses and see which ones come out on top.
Midgets should get the first covid vaccines due to it only takes half a vaccine each, and small people in general
A group of people that actively go around and make life miserable for people in power who harm the planet. Basically eco-terrorist but they don’t kill anyone and they aren’t hippies.
Buy me a bungee cord please please pleaseA towel that’s like 6 times bigger
Use live face/voice augmentations to do all interviews online and help prevent discrimination.
The Tower of Babel- A Linguistics Museum
start a competition: every developed country chooses a developing country to help and the first one to be classed as developed wins bragging rights
Airplanes for our Pets
What if we freed all the orcas and dolphins from seaworld into Lake Superior?
You can create your own “the game of life” based on you or someone you know with a fascinating life story
Reconcile the changes in the Doctor Who "origin story" (as there have been more than just what the latest season made) with a Crisis-On-Infinite-Earths-esque storyline with parallel universe Doctors
Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends in live action
YouTube should have a clickbait title or thumbnail button with a rating. So viewers will know if they can't guess already.
All the Covid-19 protesters should be forced to work again
All those posts from the early days of social media that said 'comment 8 and the picture moves I don't know how it works but it does' was AI testing us to see how many times we would do something we knew would not work.
We could double the number of jobs if we cut working hours in half
Start calling people who report on/blog about/have radio or TV show about politics should be called Influencers, not journalists.
Establish a maximum age limit for running for President of the United States
Reddit should have a scroll up button like it has a scroll to next comment button
Only home renovators and landlords can make bidets the norm in the USA and I ask you to please do so!
Market an all-natural immune system training serum that consists of dead pathogens that get injected.
A mandatory law that requires all passenger vehicles to come with some kind of personal flotation devices similar to an airplane.
What if they put a burger on subway sandwhich
Change the law so that persons with grey head hair are exempted from showing proof of age for purchasing alcohol, weed, or cigarettes.Paper made out of bamboo instead of pinewood.
What do you all think about chewable water?
Clean solar energy
Teach the Sovereign Citizen folks about actual tax loopholes and shell corporations. Watch how fast these tax dodges go away when average citizens learn how to use them.
In US elections where there is not a landslide win, the loser has to become the vice president and the president and VP have to agree on every decision
They Might Be Giants should make a prequel to their hit song "Istanbul" called "Previously Constantinople was Byzantium"
Entries are pouring, get yours in and Win. http://thepurplehand.org/killstagefright/
Encourage blind people to become judges to remove some of the bias in the judicial system.
Biden should announce his VP pick and then drop out. This would save him and the party from dealing with the assault accusations and would allow the DNC to nominate the running mate over Sanders.
If mothers had sex with their sons, the world would have less rapists.
A segment where all debate questions are yes/no. Before answering, each participant must press a button to definitively answer “yes” or “no” before they are allowed to elaborate.
Re-record the music and dialog of "Cats" using only the word, "Meow" and release the CGI Butt version with a new soundtrack.
A vacuum cleaner that is also a set of bagpipes. Play ‘ Flower of Scotland’ and ‘ Amazing Grace’ as you tidy up , the morning after Hogmanay.
Make hard drugs legal and distribute them through government mandaten stores to people in possession of a ‘drugs license’ akin to a driver's’ license
I have this theory...
Reddit should notify comments that gets downvoted saying "you did it son of a bitch, you got downvoted"
You now have all the time in the world to work on all of your projects. You’ll be done with all of them by the end of the pandemic period.
Make laws temporary with a duration based on the margin they passed by.
Pay people to act as human "puppets" for people who can not normally get around.
Hear me out on this, what if every single student flunked and got the same score. The standard for passing would have to be lowered so that way society can get new workers
Instead of making college mandatory and further devaluing degrees, make high school optional.
A sentient, evil supercomputer that can't do anything but hate women and minorities.
We should stop expanding cities outwards and start expanding upwards
HP 15q-ds0007TU Laptop
This would be a great year for Satan to appear on earth &amp; offer up some deals.
Hire a 007 like agent to spy on Donald trump and make sure he doesn't get too wacky. It'll be like goldfinger!!!
A setting on your TV that keeps all volume at a similar level so you don't have to keep on adjusting the volume.
Write Cards Against Humanity black cards over Yu-Gi-Oh cards names and play one or both games simultaneously.
For the duration of 2020, Goodyear should change its name to just Year.
A McDonalds AR Game, where people will have to run all over the world in order to access a new food: The McGuffin.
Why even see or hear the candidates
Break Nokia
We Can Meme Ourselves Better, But Only Together
Plastic Houses!
Bring back the Civilian Conservation Corps, with high levels of unemployment we can use them to fix our failing infrastructure like roads and bridges.
World Series of Poker division with only slight of hand magicians.
Open a sub shop called Hogan's Heroes
Crazy idea you get a few people to play call of Cthulhu the table top and you have them eat shrooms if they fail sanity rolls in game
Ever get tired of driving around looking for a bathroom? Hat taking a crap in the bushes and forgetting tissue?
Wholesome Pop Music (not what you'd think!)
What if Nintendo caused the corona virus outbreak?
Stimulus checks should be sent out in reverse alphabetical order.
Make sunglasses in different sizes
Since emergency is the new normal and has been for years, and governments often think they are above the law during emergencies, and constitutions were not designed for long-term emergency, what should an emergency constitution contain that has no exceptions and is designed for fast response?
Offer cash rewards to parents whose children experience an allergic reaction to a vaccine
Trump is actually a double agent Democrat doing everything in his power to destroy the GOP
A reboot of Charles Angels but cast male actors as follows: Orlando Bloom, Taylor Lautner and Danny Devito.
All natural Cheetos with a picture of a real Cheetah as the mascot.
The shared ancestor for possums and cats learned how to hiss in show of aggression because their biggest predator at the time was snakes.
What if instead of children limits like in china, the government introduces a tax for every child one has and an initial fee to prove you can actually raise the child
Start a centrist political party but secretly be an extremely left wing party. As soon as the party is elected, break every centrist election pledge and enact wholesale socialist reforms.
A Reddit Lottery - $1 per entry.
How To Fried Fish
A YouTube feature that lets you jump right to the time of the video that the thumbnail for the video was taken.
We should come together as a nation to make sure those delicious discontinued items don't leave entirely. National Food/Culture Fund.
Decriminalize all drugs in the U.S
To ensure that 2021 is more exciting than 2020, have the federal government mail a kilogram of fentanyl and a kilogram of meth to every US citizen. Let the chips fall where they may.
New gaming idea to improve immersion: you hook yourself up to an IV that pumps adrenaline into your system anytime something dramatic happens while in the game
An echo chamber sub that removes any comment disagreeing with OP, content of OP does not matter
Beers in power form so you can sniff it up your nose
A person, elected every year by telepathic vote, can turn cats to wood on command at will. A new person must be elected each year.
YouTube ads should directly showcase all the items they are trying to sell in a column(without wasting our time). And we, instead of clicking the fast forward button can actually take the time to see which one we like and when we press that item on the screen, it will actually get delivered to us.
Ban All Political Posts From r/CrazyIdeas
Now is the perfect time to organize one of those flash mob zombie crawls
This Lockdown is the best time for US to switch to metric system.
An app like "Zombies, Run!" but for Cyclists!
Anchor two giant, rotating rockets at each pole; They constantly rotate to face the sun. Slowly push the earth’s orbit further away from the sun to creat a cooling effect to counter global warming.
Netflix should offer you the opportunity to watch good movies for like two bucks on your next billing cycle.
Caffeinated sperma
All Catholic priests should be castrated if they are not really into marriage as they say.
“Pro Bono” Doctors like Pro Bono Lawyers. State ran departments provide applications to see them.
Satire articles putting the disclaimer at the top and not the bottom.
You should be able to sign up to drive for Uber but have the pay automatically go to someone else.
Being able to create a network of information between human brains will make humanity a hyper intelligent species
Reddit is a useless platform to be "heard"
Face recognition app that finds pornstar, physically similar to the person whose photo you uploaded, similar to the google reverse image search
We celebrate our birthdays on the anniversary of our mother's pain... we could rather celebrate them from the day of our mother's pleasure and it wouldn't make much difference, only 9 months or so, except that we would be celebrating a happy time rather than a painful time.
A catheter installed by the casino that will allow you to pee into a slot machine for credits.
Open a restaurant called ‘The Money Laundering Front’ to launder money. It’s too obvious, they’d never see it coming.
Stayed up all night so I could catch santa in the act, I'll keep you guys posted. this gonna be so good
Whenever someone brings up the notion of "incel", start talking about incest and schizophrenia.
Give a really big “Participant” ribbon to the candidate who loses the presidential election
Tame a grizzly bear and use it to pull a sled. Bear sled.
The reason why aliens haven't visited earth is because it's a planet sized reality television show for them
If someone wants to run for president, they should go through a VR simulation to determine whether they are able to handle the job.
Every four years elect a court jester to major governing bodies such as the UN, US Congress, and especially the UK parliament so they can see how ridiculous they act.
Start referring to White as Neon Gray.
Order the release of one BLM rioter for every incarceration of a MAGA rioter.
YouTube should have emoticons which will show live on that certain time when the video plays on every single video.
Open up a pop up Barbershop(no skill necessary)in a park and give quarantine haircuts for 10 bucks !
mexico becomes one of the states of america instead of building the wall but not of the united states of america... cuz north america
Chicken flavored toothpaste for humans
What if cows drank milk to make their milk more milkier?
If you're ever cold before bed you should microwave a potato and take it to bed with you. That way if you wake up in the night hungry you got a potato right there.
A separate sub from askreddit for "Would you press the button" type questions.
Create a streaming TV series that’s marketed heavily as a gritty and dark crime investigation series, but the actual show, still revolving around murder investigations, is full of gags like in The Naked Gun and Airplane!
Dive-in movie theaters
Mexico could troll America by offering to pay for Trump’s White House security fencing.
reddit bot that monitors your comment karma and messages you when one of your comments has been down voted below 1
A cestaurant! A place where you can void your bowels in the relaxed company of others.
Have reddit automatically reduce the quality a bit everytime a pic/vid/gif is reposted until it's an unrecognizable blur.
Prevent Mitch McConnell from being obstructionist in the Senate by putting him somewhere in the cabinet as a “healing” gesture
To expidite the impact of coronavirus all people who are deemed low risk must intentionally contract it and go into a virus colony to ride it out. This will create an economy of infected people who can interact and trade freely without worry thus saving our economy.You get put under anesthesia and put on a submarine and taken to the deepest part of the ocean and then taken back to surface level and wake up on a bed no where near an ocean
Crowd source a study to be performed by flat earthers, whereby they prove their theory to be false. Spare no expense to have them circumnavigate the Earth to an exact heading, by any means necessary, only to end up in the exact position they left from.
Stickers that easily peel off of the product you have purchased.
Play strange or intense music when a fight breaks out.
have a law limit - for every new law passed in a jurisdiction 1 law has to be taken off the books
Someone should make a survival game based in in a couple survival areas
Anyone who bought Belle Delphine’s Bathwater should be obligated to donate to the Australian wildfire relief fund because they are hoarding otherwise useful water for no good reason.
Make the cool hip new slang for butt be 'orbz'
Genetically engineer humans so healthy food tastes good and if you eat too much you just poop it out instead of storing it as fat.
A system where all the children born are automatically given up for adoption. If a couple wants a child, they would have to go through the adoption process.
A browser extension that automatically converts massive net worths to the number of average  lifetimes.
Public school administrators should have to eat school lunch for all their meals.
Oregon needs a new nickname playing off of "Amsterdam" due to recent decriminalization of drugs. Oredam for example.
Scratch and sniff anti-itch cream
Being the first Jew after WW2 to suggest opening up a summer camp for the kids
Smell memory
What if Elon Musk is wrong and Artificial Intelligence is humanities only chance of survival?
All actions by the police have to be 100 percent transparent.
History Classes should Start from the end of the textbook and finish with the beginning
(US) fines should be based off a persons post-tax salary.
Since we’re all under stay-at-home orders, we should decorate our houses with every Christmas, Halloween, etc. decoration we own to lighten pass the time.
Protesters should declare war on the police so using tear gas and firing on non-combatants would be a war crime.
A reverse of between two ferns, where people that have been interviewed in the past get to interview and make zack galifianakis feel uncomfortable.
This
Add a special character to the start of every title on OC on reddit automatically, so we can track what sites it gets crossposted to by bots
An e-commerce platform where buyers and sellers switch roles
Take the missing Bible texts and turn them into movies with original characters.
Teach dolphins to cook using underwater volcanoes
Turn prisons into hell and have the guards dressed as devils.
Fast CNC machine using more than one drill to machine the one parts
A Google Maps chrome extension that automatically finds a good "half-way point" between two destinations, if you're planning to meet someone half way.
A new RoadRunner All-Stars Session album, but not only with new lineups per song, but doing covers of other RoadRunner songs not from any band with musicians in the song.
An animated comedy show about a group of unlikely friends with a dark twist.
Girlco (Insurance for Women)
A dating service that creates a fake profile of you, claiming you're a top government official, and promotes you to hot Russian spies who have sex with you in order to get intel. Also provides fake intel.
YouTubers who deal with constant demonetization should make periodic "ad friendly" videos, which would be videos consisting of no sound and a blank background. The lack of content would make it impossible to get flagged, and any supporters can let this video run in the background.
Buy a cruise ship to house the homeless &amp; start a public pay-per-view channel.
Create a movie with a plot based on the titles of movies from the previous year.
Allow a wildcard candidate in every Presidential election..."hmm, well I guess Scottie Pippen is president now."
With the Coronavirus situation let's just put New York in a dome like in the Simpsons. Meh we can run the US perfectly fine without them.
Spotify should have an only Explicit option as part of your daily mixes
Keyboards should account for the "sister letters" in addition to the lowercase and UPPERCASE that each key has. It can reduce the key count considerably.
Plastic wrap for your phone. Like a phone condom
Create a “Nobody Gives a Fuck” Button on all Social Media Platforms, next to “Like/Heart/Upvote”, “Comment” and “Share”.
Underwear with an air freshener back compartment so your farts don’t smell
Police officers should be tried and convicted for illegal actions the same way that civilians are.
Imagine if you trained a flock (aka murder) of crows how to say various swear words and insults and set them loose in a major city on a friday night.
Burning Down the System
Maybe good, maybe very bad
A tab in subs to see your posts or in the profile tab filter by sub
A porno film shot entirely with drones.
A help/chm file but it's got live code snippets running in Windows running in a VM. also it's fast. like, really fast.
Politicians must have a reverse debate to show how many things they have in common.
Make all nicotine delivery devices shaped like penises
Gambling on inconsistent Steam download speeds.
A video game on the phone without ads every 14 seconds
Get rich and spend all your money on flights that constantly fly you back a few hours on the clock so that your only time outside is during daytime.
Gut friendly saturated fat grown in a probiotic petri dish.
Start calling Easter eggs in horror media Jack-o'-lanterns.
Make a full size slot car track...
Come on, YouTube, save the info on the videos that get deleted.
Every year, the richest person in America is declared the "Winner of Capitalism." They get a badge. Then all of their wealth is donated to charity and they have to start over at $0.
A toothpaste with two ends
Make Hardcore HD Porn Videos where you recreate famous Softcore mainstream Sex scenes, like the Basic Instinct love scene or Game of Thrones.
You should be able to vote when you submit your taxes online during an election year.
Hey reddit, whats the best way to produce value for education.
Badvertising
A butt plug called ‘the little Dutch boy’ and marketed to lesbians
Reddit should all posts that start with \/0te up 1f sitewide.
There's a company that uses recycled plastic to build bricks for building homes in India. There's a entity developing machines to clean up rivers &amp; oceans. The two should should work together to produce a product.
Electric approach to a warp drive
Put vaccine on mosquito, the nature's best syringe.
Award Bill Clinton the Nobel Prize in Medicine for creating Strategic National Stockpile and indirectly saving thousands of lives 20 years after his retirement
If your work from home is going smooth, buy your local IT team a box of donuts when you're back in the office
Mod a Delorean to have a Floppy Disk Drive to play music
Crazy idea for keeping kids out of school sick... Or is it?
Steve Cantwell smokes salvia instead of spice and has a trip where he is another man for 8 years
A book Titled a 101 Ways to..
Every material has a solid liquid and gas form. Frozen farts like ice cubes.
An episode of the Twilight Zone where the main character makes a wish to have the Seinfeld soundtrack play throughout his everyday life. His wish comes true, and it gets weird and scary.
A Triple-A video game easter egg where, if you just leave your character standing there in the world for 10 real-world minutes, a team of EMTs arrive to take you to a psych ward, to begin long-term treatment for "spontaneous catatonia".
A sub called MattDamonStandingUp where all titles and comments are 'Matt Damon'
Bomb the Sun.
A baseball mitt that extends for over the fence catches
Amazon is closer than ever to ruining our skies with drones. We should fight this by kidnapping a child with a drone and then having major pushback to ban any drones big enough to carry a baby.
In the middle of your next test scream “dammit I thought that fart would be louder”
A deodorant stick where you can use all the deodorant before it falls apart
If someone managed to breach something's security protocols people, they should consult people who made this protocols, so they can fix a mistake that lead to breach.
The downvote button on YouTube comments should actually do something
Video Game cater towards Complex Logic
Referees in the World Cup are allowed to make up one rule before each game starts and only notify the audience. Any player that breaks the rule must play blindfolded
Asshole trading cards
A Concert/Gameshow at an antifa rally (political) *read text and comments too :)
Massive voting tailgating parties. Come for the hours of standing in line, stay for the buffalo wings and hackeysack.
You could be connected to 100 other people in the world, whenever one yawns, you all yawn, an no one would ever know.
Instead of another round of stimulus checks, pay people to get tested.
Best Food For Skin - The Best 4 Vitamin For Your Skin shinning
But a box of happy 69th birthday cards and use them for every birthday party you go it.
Give people waiting on hold the opportunity to talk to each other instead of listening to music.
Mandatory for all humans to learn basic outdoor survival
Pile money in a hotel room and charge people to see it.
An online contest where you can win prizes or $ for the best Halloween/ thanksgiving holiday etc decorations in your yard.
Similarly to the example.com and fictional phone numbers in movies, there should be a certain name to be used only for illustration purposes (blanks, forms etc)
After this whole worldwide lockdown thing blows over, everyone should continue with the no-pants-at-work way of life.
An election that never ends, and you can move your vote from one person to another, and whoever has the most votes that minute is the president
A movie in which hitmen eliminate their victims by dumping them into other movies.
a dating app for HONEST people. all required to submit photo's of themselves without any filters. full body images, no obscure/deceitful angles.
Ass fruit seeds
There should be a competition, reality tv show where there are a series of art related challenges.
Make dog kibble for humans on a budget. It'll have all essential nutrients, it won't need cooking, and it'll be very very cheap. Plus it doesn't go bad!Penalty fees from the city and government should be determined by income. The millionaire is not going to miss 65$ for a parking ticket and won't be deterred whereas the poor may even have their car impounded.
A Spike Lee Joint called Sherlock Homie, starring Tracy Morgan, who plays Tracy Jordan playing Sherlock Holmes. Andy Kaufman writes the screenplay.
Discussion program where people from 10 different countries (Democracies, not so democracies) discuss current events based on what was said in their media and see how they were informed differently, if they were informed of something at all etc.
A sub-section of Wikipedia where people can fairly debate each other. As long as we're arguing about everything, we should do it constructively.
A giant inflatable ball with a person in the center, that you launch into a Tornado so it gets sucked up into the sky.
Have Iron Man and Spiderman team up to make a commercial about how we can also be superheroes and save lives by putting on a mask
Instead of having soldiers fight war, we should have paint ball competitions and the country with more points gets the land
Reverse Holocaust
Is Billie Eilish Vegan? Plus 10 Other Celebs You Didn’t Know Were Plant-Based
If women are getting equal rights and extra privileges, nothing wrong with that but can man also get some extra rights like to marry more than one woman.
Make churches pay taxes and use the proceeds to end hunger and homelessness
A law to extremely reduce gun violence by, if you shoot someone, even if you had no choice, you still have to fuck them. No cop would dare shoot a kid.
HP Pavilion x360 14-cd0050TX Laptop
A TV Show where the plot doesn't really matter at all, but it just has insane foods for Binging With Babish to recreate.
Self-deploying number plates for vehicles during an accident. In the case of a driver doing a runner after an accident, they (or the owner of the car at least) can be traced by the number plate detaching from the vehicle at the scene.
Is Bee coin a crazy idea?
We need a new wind farm off the coast of Mar A Lago.Make a large part of the Earth (300+ square miles, preferably a circle) completely level so people could see what the Earth would be like if it was flat
Food Insurance
Xaf qerbrd Sebrefead Egres (Half keyboard Simplifeid English)
The BLM movement should shift their agenda toward fighting all forms of hate, no matter the race
Broadcast Your Opinions and Build Communities Through Video
Put trackers on every single car and over the course of the year find the average speed for each road. Then, stay with me here, set the speed limit of each road as just over the average. The limit can be enforced automatically through a GPS transmitter linked to the gas input.
American presidential candidates should have at least one debate where they're absolutely wasted so we can get their unfiltered thoughts.
Will Stream for 48 Hours STRAIGHT SGT_KornWallace
Sports should have racial exhibition games.
What if Roy, a Life Well Lived is a clue because life actually is Roy, a Life Well Lived?
Puppy Breath Cologne ™
A TV show where the main character is the only one aware they're in a TV show and the entire plot is just them getting annoyed at common TV tropes in the show.
Start a Billie Eilish cover band called Billy Irish but play her songs in the celtic punk genre (like the Dropkick Murphys).
VaVA Money
An antiseptic/aftershave that doesn't sting.
Every sensationalized article about the Corona virus has to have a “cigarette packet” type of warning label that says “COVID-19 has a 97% survival rate, and is not an apocalyptic plague.“
UBI $1000 per Month, but only if you can pass a fairly easy physical fitness test?
The World’s Strictest Parents but the stricter the parents are the worse the teens get
A button on the back of your head that makes you experience a random sensation when you press it.
A button on your steering wheel which lights up a small LED sign on your rear window saying “Thanks!” - Used when someone lets you in, replacing the little hand wave people do
Buy all the baby food in the supermarket so the babies have no food
A universal language for people to communicate with on the Internet.
Make a cell phone that is bigger than last year’s model that everyone liked because our hands didn’t fucking get bigger did they?
Pandemic style live dashboard for coronavirus
My parents are IT illiterate and they get their misinformation from social media. We need a chrome extension we can install on their PCs to promote factual news and debunk fake news to gradually bring them back to reality.
Solar Panels should have bulletproof glass installed, so that they don't break, ever.
Get Keanu reeves and Liam Neeson as team leaders where they recruit other actors in a high intensity game of paintball where they can find out who is the best trained
Attempt to start a wedding tradition where both partners make an edible humanoid figure using the food of their choice to represent their future wife or husband, exchange them, and symbolically eat them.
Use a subreddit for the 2020 vote. Politicians announce that they're running for a position by posting in the thread for that position. The most upvoted comment in the post is duly elected to that position.
Why don't we grow grass, cut them, and drop it to to the coldest deepest ocean floor to make it act like a carbon sink?
Before each election people should have to pass an exam on each candidate's election program to prove that they are able to make an informed choice. If you don't pass, you don't get to vote.
A full length high budget feature film faithfully based on the rambling nonsensical story from a 4 year old.
There should be a mandatory unintended consequence ( butterfly effect ) course which teach kids since childhood how simple actions can have far reaching consequences
Elect someone other than the RNC or DNC nominee to the Oval Office THIS YEAR.
An alternative to ICE
Google should publish encyclopedias.
PODS for sleeping and storing property for people on Skid Row that resemble Japanese "sleeping hotels". Safe and with showers and bathroom stalls.
Put bark shock collars on candidates and only activate when it's not their turn.
Sweet Alise
A news network that focused on anything other than the day's top headline.
The space station should have a module that's just a transparent glass tube so that it looks like you're floating in space when you're inside.
Need help: They don't seem to have one word that means the collection of nieces and nephews.
Phones aren’t sold anymore. Only phone parts. From now on we build our own phones from scratch.
Chocolate mayonnaise
A reality cooking show like “Chopped” but instead of making a meal from the few ingredients the judges give them, the chefs have to cook with only the ingredients that haven’t sold out at the store right now.
breast beer - genetically engineered women who produce beer instead of milk and get jobs as bartenders
05.05.2020.baby
Convince naranja grande that the Australian fires were an attack from Iran so US forces go there and put out the fires.
Bring back public dueling
Edit a ton of trump tweets with Bernie Sanders tweets and vice versa, then post to the respective subreddits. Watch the ensuing confusion unfold with popcorn.
Remove all lane markings from a 2 mile stretch of highway and see what happens.
Make aliens real so i can FUCK!
Use my reddit history to auto-block stuff I've already seen so I don't re-see all the constant reposts.
Let Kids Run For President &amp; Senate Petition
2 quadcopters that chase down and tie someone up with a rope between them
Add ", you BITCH!" after every COVID awareness ad
Cheating in a long term relationship should be punishable by law.
Families with deceased members who died from misinformation (e.g. #antivaxx or #COVIDhoax) should join together for a class action suit against Facebook. Facebook moved fast and broke things, and now people are literally dying from misinformation.
Police should have a QR code next to their name tag so that we as civilians can check with an app if they're a real police man. The app will display the name, a picture of them, and that sort of stuff.
You know “The Rona” is very serious when “Bill Gates” quit Microsoft to focus on philanthropy (finding vaccine for Rona etc)
Instead of world leaders training civilians into soldiers to sent to deal with conflict they should settle problems over a few rounds of Mario Kart.
A "Did You Butt Dial?" Feature for all cellphone/mobile plans.
Three months from now, go to r/todayilearned and post "TIL a ship once got stuck sideways in the Suez Canal, blocking all traffic for almost a week."
New nuclear plants should be built in places of prior nuclear or environmental disasters to lessen the chance of contaminating new sites
end world hunger with an app (please support to make it a reality)
I always forget how much time it’s been
NASA starts a Patreon.
Glassdoor, the employer review site, should create a new checkbox for reviewers called "forced employees to come in unnecessarily during the Coronavirus pandemic"
Countries reports what kind of jobs in demand every year(and for near future) so people can educate themselves for those jobs.
Mike Pence Fan Fiction. Two weeks after the 2016 election Mike Pence celebrating with his wife, Karen Pence, by going shopping. Now that Mike Pence was president, he has secret service and media following him wherever he went, and Mike Pence had... (continued inside)(plot twist totally worth it)
I want a bed that rocks me to sleep
Make an app that keeps track of businesses that aren't enforcing a face mask policy, or are very loose with sanitizing procedures and whatnot, so people who are high risk for covid know which places to avoid without having to actually go to said business
Democrat politicians should ease up on their gun control stance to get more votes.
Count years of lives saved instead of number of people, like its better to save a child's life than an old person's
John Wick vs Thanos
Seeking your opinion
Get two nearly identical-looking dogs, name one Butter and the other I Can’t Believe it’s Not Butter
My proposal for a SEZ
A very thin version of a pie in a pan that has equally thick bottom and top crusts with enough filling to make eating the crust satisfying for crust lovers.
Harness the shakes of drug addicts tweaking/phening for energy.
A youtube channel where you review stoplights at intersections.
You can probably use nair instead of drain cleaner to get rid of hair in the shower drain
Youtubers should add a TLDW (Too Long; Didn’t Watch) section to their videos so viewers could get a gist of the video without having to watch the whole thing.
Hand Sanitizer companies make booze , to mock the distilleries
Call Of Duty should have famous people that you can unlock like NBA Jam.
anyone can choose to pay $100 less tax but everyone else has to pay their tiny part of $200 more cuz of it, a total loss to the world, so if everyone does it, then everyone pay more tax, but on the other hand, anyone can choose to pay $100 more tax and -$200 is spread to everyone else, a total gain
A QR code that pulls up the restaurant's menu to your phone
Sweep data for worst sports bettors. Have an account that bets against their picks.
A TV show about a school, with every episode focusing on a different person. There would be no "main character" or main group of people that the show focuses on.
Smartphone application which connects the drivers offering the trips and passengers with the possibility of cryptocurrencies payment
Use a 50/50 randomizer to determine the order of teams in football penalty shootouts
Those caught using their phones while driving should be subject to a game of Five Finger Fillet where the wielder of the knife is using their phone in the same manner.
You should not be able to get payed maternity/paternity leave, if there is more than 0 children able to be adopted in your country.
Porn title charades.
It’s crazy how biopic films are made only based on scientists, athletes, war veterans and CEO’s. Now introducing a biopic film about the life of **INSERT film actor’s name**
A pizza place that lets you order cold slices
Wii Remote straps on all construction tools (drills, measuring tapes, screwdrivers) so you can't drop them on your feet or your coworkers
Due to widespread quarantine, the coming weeks would be the best time for google to update their street view maps
A toilette that measures the sizes of your turd. It’s connected to an online worldwide database and each day there is a price for the biggest one.
Let’s all just agree that it’s 2021 to stop this year from getting any worse
A waterproof gaming system (not talking about waterproof phones, im talking about laptops)
Any two people from different countries to swap each others citizenship if they'd like to become citizens of another country.
Bring statues/mannequins to protests with you so that when police try to disperse the crowd they think there’s still protesters around and they waste their tear gas.
Instead of pubs and bars trying to enforce social distancing, they should all just have drive-thru
$1000.000 reward for the person who can some me a working prototype of a 5G enabled microchip functional in the bloodstream.
When public transport is late, the fare should get cheaper the later it is. After 10 minutes, the clock starts ticking.
A book about an alien invasion except the narrative is nothing but social media posts, etc.
Ban the letter Q
A game show where you guess if the noise from a woman is from sex or giving birth or something else.
I hate when epiphanies lead to yearning, but they need to make Nutella chips for baking.
A report feature on tinder specifically for furries
What is an interesting or crazy way to spend $1,000?
Produce monoliths and place it at poor countries.
The viewers should be paid for watching ad-supported media
Reddit Stocks
A movie review site that doesn't show you the rating of a movie till after you rate it yourself.
Combat ocean rising with billion dollar ginormous sponges to soak up ocean water. Those sponges would be then sent to the North Pole where the ice once was
A scary short film about talking trees that move and eat people.
Taxing sex is prostitution, so any sex related expenses, such as condoms and dating expenses, are tax-free
Commercial businesses pay taxes on average user-side computation time related to their websites
If you have phone which unlocks after recognizing your face then save your smiling face. So that you would have to smile every time you unlock your phone.
If we're going to build a US- Mexico border wall, we might as well add in Fiber Optic Cabling and 5G signalling to help connect the nation with high speed internet.
Idea for new anime.
Layer printer with artificial muscle.
If, according to Agent Smith, Humankind is a Virus killing the planet, then the Coronavirus must be the antibodies.
$500 Corona Voucher
What if.....
Make an entire house out of those old massive large screen analogue televisions.
A real “The Office” where a group of employees are filmed for 10+ years, following them through petty intra-office drama, office staffing changes, career changes, and various life events.
Since ultrasonic toothbrushes can clean based on vibration and without scrubbing and since people have vapes in their faces all the time we should obviously make some sort of sonicVape product to keep people teeth clean while they vape away
An app for phones that plays "background music" through earphones to fit the situation and mood.
A catch-up button on live feeds where video is sped up a little bit so you're synced live with the stream without missing anything.
Everybody gets everybody's phone number.
Reddit should have Secret Satan
The phone in the elevator you use if you get stuck should just call someone else stuck in another elevator, so you can have a chat.
Make the website Pornhub Facebook 2.0. It has profiles, comments, a message box, albums and photos, and some other things people may find useful.
Sex but in mouth.
Reverse Boomer Comics/Memes
Sub Of The Week
A dating app only with cock and cunt pics
Add an economic system to the application.
Have hidden cameras in your home, recording/livestreaming, and when you speak to people, you look at your camera like you're breaking the 4th wall, having them wonder who the fuck you're talking to.
We need to make M Night Shyamalan time's man of the year in hopes he will reveal a twist at the end of the year that helps all of 2020 make sense.
A chip that you insert into your brain that runs an AI which warns you when you use a logical fallacy.
Actors and actresses shouldnt be allowed to have more than one role in their lifetime
Anti-reddit awards. If someone makes a low quality post you can just slap one of those on their post and give them more ads.
Recipe websites that don’t bother you with pop up video ads, pay to view, and 2 books worth of text just to get to the ingredients list
If a serial killer started murdering billionaires exclusively, we could call them "The Dragon Slayer"
An Inception spin off
tomato toothpaste.
An annual quarantine week during the typical peak of infections diseases like flu
Whenever huge millipedes are featured in nature documentaries, play some cool jazz instead of creepy violin music.
Prisons should stream their daily activities.
Bring back drive-in movies!
Make post collapsible like comments, then you know what you have and haven't seen?
If people are not wearing masks even after telling them to do so they do the opposite, so what if we tell them not to wear masks?
When are we going to make "don't stand so close to me" by the police, the theme song for 2020?
I wonder if you could use a Molotov cocktail in a melee fashion: light the fuse, and then smash the bottle over someone's head. Are you more likely to get burned yourself, using it in this way?
Start pronouncing "union" as "onion" to unify everyone in anger against you
Every videogame should have the achievements 'One year hiatus' where you don't play the game for a year and 'I am very brave' for continuing without saving.
Start making and stock piling physical up and down votes and if the internet goes down start selling them to people
Game-Streaming Platform For Browsers.
Make scorpions just as much a part of Halloween as spiders
Update for reddit. choose wich subs you want sorted as top/hot while you can have the default as new
Option to set up a timer before song plays
An extreme ad blocker that blocks Reddit posts with subscription based links.
Spongebob can
Netflix Movies Now Free 2020 - Watch Movies And Shows Free
Put a bunch of ice cubes on the Atlantic Ocean to weaken the hurricanesm
Publish how many servings per tube of toothpaste.
One last update for the 3DS that includes Pictochat, optimised for 3DS and compatible with the original DS.
Update the scientific method so that unfalsifiable (can't be disproven) statements are by definition true since all the predictions they make (none at all) are true.
An alarm/announcement that goes off whenever someone leaves the washroom without washing their hands. Shame.
App that lets me sync my music with other audio sources.
Gamestop should start a trading brokerage. "Would you like to add a stock to your order for $5?" Get Gamers Investing.
An update to Reddit that automatically deletes any post or comment that adds an edit along the lines of "Omg ty for the gold!!!!" Or "This is my most upvoted comment!!!!"
Advertisements that use a certain light to give you sun spots with your brand name.
Start calling the coronavirus the Trump Coronavirus to counteract his racist bullshit and because he's done more to help it survive than any other human on the planet.
Wikipinion. It would be like Wikipedia, except all articles must consist entirely of statements of opinion. No facts, whether true or false.
What if we looked at the pandemic as something to be proud of doing for the human civilization instead of crying like babies?
Have visiting wake hours with open casket with the dead person naked
People who recover from the corona virus volunteer to be an essential worker, foremost the medical field.
Everyone is sterilised and you can apply to be unsterilised
Social media for the dead / Virtual graveyard
Double time prison sentence
Go to r / jokes, make jokes about r / jokes and think you won't get this warning
Instead of awards, you should be able to give money.
Duracell or Energizer should make energy drinks with cans that look like batteries.
A remake of 50 Shades of Grey where the only difference being that Christian Grey is portrayed by a chubby black man. The only journalist would have to confront some uncomfortable truths about themselves.
If his actions can be directly linked to it coming to the US, charge Trump with one count of negligent homicide (or whatever the appropriate charge that'd essentially be that would be) for every Covid death in the US
A lottery where you can win the earnings of advertisements of an entire day
Putting doors on backwards. Harder to kick in.
Build a highway circumventing the Earth and have everyone drive in the same direction to alter the Earth's rotation.
A VR fitness horror game that uses horror aspects to "encourage" you to keep exercising.
A site like reddit, but no text, everything is audio. You have to listen to an actual person speaking their post and your comments and everyone else's must be recorded as voice clips.
All the out of work professional athletes should play one another in their respective sport game online and stream it.
Twitter users that argue with each other should have a live video call option where they can debate by actually talking.
An app that allows one to use their cellphone as a microphone/headset on consoles/computers/ect.
On the 27th of December we should all stop using YouTube as a protest sign because of their shitty decision to put adds on all videos many of which weren’t even supported by them, we should do this for about 2 days so that they know we ain’t fucking around
Democrats should blatantly have foreign governments investigate and interfere with all elections...
Exoskelotons for the elderly
Celebrity stalkers (males) from all over the world should form an alliance to help eachother make their way to their crushes.
A VR game where you use a camera mounted in your room to play 3rd person VR
We should establish a No Feature November (NFN) where tech companies don't work on any new feature, but instead focus on fixing long lasting issues and on optimizing their apps/website.
A video game that teaches you the skills you need to lucid dream and you play it in bed before going to sleep
If you could make your own urban legend what would it be?
Build artificial Hadley cells to fight water scarcity
A remote-controlled drone airplane with a string/rope attached to it that you launch with a crossbow and use it to tie up your enemies.
Apple should make an iPhone with no phone feature.
A new cultural movement called NOPE. Normies against political extremism.
I killed a
Make the unvaccinated wear patches indicating their status, so we know to either ostracize them (for antivaxxers) or protect them ( for those who can't get them for medical reasons).
Disney make cartoon versions of their poplar CGI movies like Frozen, UP, etc.
A subreddit where people discuss and profile troll accounts on Reddit and catagorize their behavior like the FBI categorizes serial killers
Digg reopens their platform to become the old Digg, and competes with reddit by having better mods, less censorship, and being an overall better alternative...
Boycott daylight savings and change your clocks back to our it's meant to be
Instead of we go to mars, we bring just some water, plants oxygen and little amoebas to mars and let evolution do its job in creating something that suits the climate.
my new game
Restaurants should have a 'First Timers Menu Sampler' item.
Make a perfectly synonymous word for Synonym
All new cars should come with a wasp so people never fall asleep at the wheel
The hotel industry and movie theater industry should really get together and build hotel rooms around a large flatscreen. Watch any movie you want in your own bed, order your popcorn &amp; drinks from room service, pause and rewind the movie as you like, go home next day.
We need to go back to bullying. Hard.
Peter Griffin In Fortnite? 🤯
butt plug that lets you fart, built in carbon filter tube so it does not smell
Make a clone of Wikipedia where anyone can edit with no moderation to prove that just because anyone can edit Wikipedia articles doesn't mean that the information is bad.
Everyone on reddit should start speaking in code so online “journalists” can’t rip comments directly from r/askreddit answers and compile them into “articles.”
Gym but the weights are different sized animals.
The Trump dynasty rules USA for the next century
Use people from isolation experiments for high profile jury cases
A bitcoin wishing well. Throw your phone in there and make a wish.
If your soccer player injures himself and is rolling on the floor, award his team the penalty shot but remove him for the rest of the match for the sake of his injuries, why's that so hard to do idigi
Websites offer a ‘yes I know my password is shit, I take full responsibility if I get hacked’ checkbox which removes all password conditions whilst creating a new account or changing a password when checked.
Pucci
Creating cat girls would bring in an new era of slavery and animal rights
an app that pairs up ppl who don't have parents to parents who don't have kids
Breeding competitions
Let us use our karma to buy awards so we can use useless internet points to give useless internet awards
Vacate an entire continent and fill it with trees
I made my game. Rate it?
FedEx commercial set to the song“X gon give it to ya”
Citing studies while misrepresenting the results should be considered a form of plagiarism.
Ban styrofoam packaging. A lot of states are begging to phase out single use plastics, but styrofoam is arguably even worse than plastic bags, but no one seems worried. There are many easy alternatives (cardboard, recycled plastics, etc) already in use, so it wouldn’t be world-ending or anything
A condom that changes colors when it detects an STI
In the world of flies a spray of RAID equals to acid rain.
If someone harasses you about wearing a mask, just tell them you have a very infection disease
Hire murderers in action movies as characters who die in stunts then get the government to actually kill them
Write up a real good drama or something, get a good following, and when the story is at its peak the world gets hit by a meteorite and everyone dies.
When a candidate is dropping in the polls and another is rising and they finally meet at the same number, it should be referred to 'touching dicks'
All maskers should carry a water gun so when you come across an anti-masker instead of fighting; squirt their pants and announce how they peed themselves. They’re more likely to be embarrassed about the fake pee; since fighting with them just cements their ideas even more.
Start more fires so more funding is allocated to firefighting . More demand for firefighters means more kids might grow up to be firefighters.
Someone brings a laser pointer to space and points it at the earth to make a whole city panic.
Right now humanity needs the one thing social media took from us, eachother.
The universe and all possible universes are linked simply by the waterlines of our universe and every other universe. Proving trans universal Alien life may exist.
What if a large company founded by Sam Walton, with revenue of 530+ Billion dollars, decided to let its patrons only pay half or 1/3 of the normal price for essential goods in this “unprecedented” event.An actual start to a plan to change the world. Change the system. Power to the people.
A show about a reality show that’s like married at first sight. The bride gets sniped on the wedding night and the show shifts to the groom hunting down the killer.
A static field device?
Climate change deniers must do community service either fighting forest fires or helping hurricane relief efforts.
A movie retelling of Star Wars from the POV of the Sith. Episode 3 could be called Return of the Sith and Episode 6 could be called Revenge of the Jedi.
Corporations should encourage prospective employees to apply "as a team" like in Step Brothers. The deep roots of organically grown friendships &amp; camaraderies often hold unique problem-solving aptitudes. May also diminish the risk of anti-social personalities dominating a work-place.
I finally understood how evil Kaspersky was when they say "move this file to Quarantine."
A drink thats negative 5 percent alcohol, which you can mix with a 5 percent beer to make nonalcoholic beer
Change Trump’s intro song to the imperial march.
On Spotify, when you swipe up Un a song it should just be the lyrics so you can sing along!
An option to hide the subs at the tops of posts while scrolling, that way you can react to a post before knowing how you are “supposed to” react
Worth a billion dollars? Boom, forced retirement. Have good ideas and want to contribute? Boom, free internship.
Make a movie but instead of a sequel make the other movie from the other main character's perspective.
Love Is Deaf
Everyone tweets "Good riddance" @Donald Trump at the exact same time when Biden wins.
Ben 10 conspiracy theory
coin the term "paraphrosynigen"
GME, AMC, NOK, &amp; TSLA should team up to build the first irl rocket league arena on the moon
Relationship with two girls simultaneous - 21st Century style!
A stay-at-home leisure brand that looks semi-business casual
BOTOX the wrinkles off your asshole!
Contacts that make it look like killer queen is in your eye after a certain amount of time
Use video games as practical teaching tools
A subreddit where we pitch movie ideas to Hollywood execs; if a pitch is picked up the Redditor gets royalties
A Chex Mix variation with just the pumpernickel toast called "All Rye All Rye All Rye" in partnership with Matthew McConaughey
How Do I Find a TV Show's Sponsors So That If I Hate the Host of that Show, I Will Make Sure to Remove My Support for Those Products and/or Services?
Totally Agree
When Mortal Kombat XII finally comes out, they should make characters from Letterkenny as Kombatants.
Post a completely normal idea on r/CrazyIdeas and have it still be upvoted because people think this is r/LPT
Mandatory military and medical service
Create a fake “fairy corpse” that looks like it has been crushed to death. When your child loses a baby tooth and puts it under their pillow, replace the tooth with the fake corpse.
uncomfortable episode of "to catch a predator"
Start a (fake) creepypasta that a killer clown gang is roaming in the streets to encourage staying at home.
A dating website that shows recent Facebook posts
Allow people and companies with off shore tax haven accounts to bring their money in to the U.S. tax free right now as long as they invest in us small businesses.
Music players should give an option to choose) set priority/frequency rating to each song. So in shuffle list, I get to hear my favourite songs more often, but also listen to the odd songs in my collection once in a while.
The FBI should develop a tinder-like app to help the public identify the insurrectionists.
A book containing pages of the all time best threads on r/AskReddit
In order to maintain his wealth, Jeff Bezos has undergone genetic engineering to get an armored body, Soon he will be a real life dragon
The NBA should reinstate Tim Donaghy immediately and let him ref the NBA finals. At this point he is the least likeliest referee to be approached by the Mob or Vegas to influence the outcome of a game, which makes him, ironically, the most accountable and unbiased referee around given his past.
Instead of the "are you over 18?" confirmation on porn sites, make people watch a short educational video and answer a quiz on preparation for and cleanup after actual sex.
Politican campaigns for 2020 should include giving everyone 20/20 vision
I literally wanna/need to kill a person (who shamelessly called himself “profesor”) in the institution, any ideas?
Get acclaimed writers and directors to start making porn, and turn porn into a high art form that one can genuinely enjoy for the story.
Global warming solution. I think I've figured it out.
When augmented glasses come out: People wearing the glasses can put their relationship status above their head for easy matchmaking. People can "Like" each other, similar to Tinder, and be notified if that person liked them as well.
A place where people can check out dress clothes for job interviews for free, similar to how a library works but for dress clothes.
An app for your oven so that you can preheat it on the go and have it ready when you get home so you can stick whatever you wanna make in right away.
A TV show about a young Hitler coming of age while constantly evading assassination attempts by time travelers.
A country can either have a military OR tax people but not both, cuz it's a conflict of interest to be able to kill those who don't pay taxa business that specializes in rewriting text to say basically the same thing but make it appear to not be hate speech even though it still is
A dating app that connects to your music listening apps, and matches you based on listening preference.
You can store data when connected to a wi-fi &amp; Use it later when you are out of internet data
a movie similar to the movie “a quiet place” except it’s called “a loud place” where everyone has to be screaming all the time or you die
Reddit for dummies
Youtubers start phrasing things that sound like promos
Covid Skull Pyramid
Shows should stop having commercials, and instead have a link at the end of every video, "if you liked this throw money towards us".
Batball
“Escape Plan 3 - House Arrest”
Deepfake a version of Trump that is bald and untanned.
A Subreddit “Playlist”
Prison reform ideas
AC/DC should make a song called Full Bridge Rectifier.
Here's an idea. We actually allow people to say whatever the fuck they want. We don't socially shame unpopular opinions and treat them as what they are. Personal opinions. Sounds crazy doesn't it but surely that's how things should be.
Have popular late night shows move their whole production into the interviewers house, or mock house due to COVID-19 , but make it hilariously homemade in terms of video style and skits, and have guests dressed in pajamas.
A mature remake of Sharkboy and Lavagirl where Max has severe psychosis.
Make the next single player Fallout game with Doom 2016 style combat, but with roll playing options like New Vegas.
Ref steals the ball, tomahawk dunk, flips everyone off and says “I’m out”.
Presidential debates should have two parts: one dedicated to debating ideas, and one part dedicated to ad hominem arguments.
Swap the red and green traffic lights to fuck with colorblind people
BLACK MIRROR EPISODE WAITING TO HAPPEN
If a book is set in the near future, wait until the time period the book is set in before making it into a movie so that the unspecified portions of the visual setting can be accurate.
A Dyson sphere with surface panels that flip the whole thing inside out every 12 hours.
There should be a comment section on indeed job postings, so employees or ex-employees can warn people away if their job has bad company culture or practices.
Arrange potholes so that blind people can know where they're going
New extreme sport. You are dropped into the middle of a raging ocean storm in a life raft and scuba gear. Picked up again using GPS tracker after the storm abates.
A Tinder for insults
Anti-vaxxers, politicians who want to sacrifice themselves for the economy, and pastors who think they're invincible to COVID-19 should be forced to replace nurses who administer tests to suspected patients to save PPE for those who aren't as forward thinking as them
(nsfw) As 1 of the 2 men in the 3some, Next time you’re in a 3some if you wanna make the other straight guy uncomfortable, look at him the whole time.
Instead of raising money to fight poaching by allowing Trophy Hunting, kill two birds with one stone by changing the prey from exotic animals to poachers.
Make a fucking flying pig
Cameras doctors use to check your esophagus and intestines should have 2 cameras. One facing forward, and one facing backward so you can see different angles, and the underside of ridges on the way back out.
In the US, we should hold quarterly votes on whether or not the president is guillotined.
Sell 10 diaries to cover 10 years at a time so I don't have to remember to buy one each year.
Remove every "react" video from YouTube and ban all of those content creators
A remix of WAP - Whiny Ass President.
Prank people to make them think they have Covid.
A version of Reddit/YouTube/the internet where I don’t have to see anything related to video games.
Every year, after filing your taxes, you can choose to decide where they will be spent for the next year.
Give users on reddit the ability to ban/filter subs they do not wish to see or engage with.
A dating show for bi people. You don't know the gender of the candidates you choose from.
Onlyfans but for super adorable pets and it's just of them doing really cute stuff but only for my amusement
Create a drug that prevents living things from developing any further. e.g. a kitten remains a kitten forever after ingesting drug
When you see something reposted on Reddit, don’t complain just post the same comment each time.
Installers should come with 2 buttons: custom install, and instant install. If instant, there are no further questions before the program opens.
Cheese rolling should be an Olympic sport.
Every time you buy something online there should be an option to enter the preferred delivery date and time when you're definitely home so no one ever would miss their deliveries, just imagine how many rounds of redelivery attempts it would save for the post office.
A Cairopractor. Someone who performs adjustments on the capital of Egypt.
The internet should not be available to those who are under the age of 18.
Create a online dating app for gay men called MeetMarket.
Abandon a Mental Hospital and Spread the Word on the Street that it's a Great Place to Squat For Free
Have a fair car insurance rate for only on weekends or one day a week or one day a month for people who rarely use their car.
Lovely People,
2 rounds of voting. First choose 100 possible presidents for the lightning round. Then vote out those you dont like until 1 remains.
Make a version of Craigslist for crackheads to sell their stuff at bargain prices.
Reduce one year of everyone's age since 2020 kinda screwed us off one.
Oatmeal...but you melt a chocolate bar in it
Monopoly Poker
Disturbing advertissement
An all-volunteer, rotating police force made up of citizens.
Hangman in Chinese
The next time you're in public and wondering what THAT person is thinking about you, assure yourself that THAT person is busy with his/her own image and treat yourself with few minutes of solitide in the public.
Nobody and I mean NOBODY talk about Trump for the next two days.
Erect statues of black people in conservative towns
Instead of war, all the worlds leaders should just have a rock-paper-scissors tournament
An app that removes $20 from your bank account every time you try to contact you ex.
Mandatory 1 year of military or civic service for every US citizen after turning 18, each citizen that completes this duty gets most of college paid for.
Posts on r/Pics should only be pictures. No title explaining the meaning or backstory, no flair, just the picture.
The police are an “on call” service like the fire department. To fill the gap, citizens can submit IdiotsInCars stuff to get bad drivers off the road.
We should all do whatever makes up happy as the world could end at any second, imagine if there were a massive asteroid travelling at inconceivable speeds heading towards Earth, all life on Earth would be over in milliseconds.
A glory hole, but instead of dicks there are breadsticks from Olive Garden
Y'all, we just need a Doraemon in our lives.
An RPG where enemies react appropriately to you after you slaughtered enough of their buddies to fill an olympic swimming pool, and roadside bandits recognize the one guy in the realm who wears divine level armour strolling down the road.
Campaigns against themselves.
Someone should make a documentary where they fly a Flat Earth theory supporter to a space station for a couple of days.
A urinal that sucks the piss out
An R rated power rangers movie
Kidz Bop version of Tequila where everything is the same except they say "Taquito"
Have everyone turn off there light so we can all see the stars
"No Russian" in 2020 but it's by American police while they wear vests that say "in fear for my life" under a Punisher skull
Go the next level for a Frontier Psychiatrist parody video.
An online platform where people describe their specific consumer needs that aren’t yet fullfiled so that companies could decide which new stuff to mass produce, or think about product compatibility from user perspective
Stretch brie rind over my ears.
Everyone in the US should start going out topless in response to people who won't wear a mask. They'll have to try to defend the obvious hypocrisy of their mask objections, AND the double standard about male vs. female chests. Or they'll be so bothered by exposed breasts they'll finally stay home.
Fill up a sex doll with helium.
OK LISTEN. YOUTUBE.... right?? But with PORNHUB'S User Interface!!!
We should just quit taking politics seriously and just watch it like we watch TV series or cartoons.
Bottled water conquered a multi-billion dollar market so the next step is bottled air
A Pizza 3D Printer ^^ _--_
A production of 'Cats' done with actual cats
We should be able to rate individual search results
A drug that makes your sex fluids change color
Parking a fake cop car in your driveway has to be the most effective deterrent against possible thieves. It would also help protect your neighbors houses as well.
A fruit picking park where you pay an entrance fee and get a quota of how much you can pick per visit
Have a dating site that connects people in self isolation/quarintine together so single people who choose to go into self isolation or are forced into quarintined don't go bat shit crazy from being alone.
Going to American highschools and playing the „pumped up kicks“ theme... If you shoot or not is your own decision.
A box of chocolates that says “fuck you” instead of “love you”, and it only has the coconut filled chocolates.
You should be able to select the awards applicable to your post
A movie about a video game speedrunner that has to 100% a video game (without looking anything up on the internet) to stop a time bomb.
All of the pea brained protesters should sign a waiver that they will not get treated for COVID19 and they will get jail time if they are found to spread the virus.
Make Gloryhole hookups a business.
The Trump Test
i have some crazy ideas about what this unknown object might be, but what do u think it is ? one thing to know about this is, the purple and blue colors seen in the video are RED to your eye but the cams only see blue or purple !?! why!? how ! share this video the link is under the video on youtube
Start a mining company. A mining company dedicated to mining landfills. Think of all the electronics people have thrown away since the 1960's, even when advised not to. All the silver, gold, and rare earth elements sitting in landfills everywhere. I bet there is a fortune to be found in landfills.
A way to write the word “bastard” so they knew it had a British accent
Trying to practice during quarantine
Irohwning needs to be a thing.
Covid dogs: people who need to quarantine or can no longer see their families, are temporarily given a dog to help keep them company.
A 'last words' feature on chat/streaming apps, where you can say a final message before getting kicked from a group/banned from a channel.
I want Ryan Reynolds to be the next Mr. Rogers
A hyper-realistic WW1/WW2 strategy game, one similar to Plague Inc.
Jordan Peele should make a film called Black Matter Lives
If they liquified covid and put it in sanitizer 😳
A superheroes movie but with people that have super powered dicks
The option/button to repost on Reddit, but only OP gets all the upvotes no matter how many times it's shared.
We start treating Trump the way you treat a psychopath, because he is one.
People with kids stuck at home while the schools are closed, have your kids write letters and colour pictures, and mail them to nursing homes. The elderly aren't allowed visitors right now.
I wish we all could stop saying "double u" and start saying "we" or "vu"
Every celebrity should have a tomato meter where common people can vote up or down.
Books with laugh tracks
Put a limit on actors musicians and people in the entertainment businesses salary
Take out a million dollar loan to yourself, then sell the debt to a collections agency. Pocket the money they give you and never pay back the original loan. Repeat every 7 years when it falls off your credit score.
A "Live, laugh, love" sign but written in bloodGather 50-100 people who don't give a fuck, have them all drive on the highway and have them all (safely) stop at the same time
Alarm system that advises your closest armed neighbours of a break-in in one of the 8 houses surrounding theirs.
Just like how Mario and Luigi technically have "evil twins" who are still separate characters and not just alternate versions of them in Wario and Waluigi they should also have "genderbent versions" who are still separate characters
You’re one of the people who acquires the MacGuffin object for your film. But you ask such a small amount of money, 1 of the other parties pays you and lets you go.
You could produce non lethal meat by farming those lizards with the tails that fall off.
What if Google Maps and spotify use their connection to always make a song queue that ended right as you pulled into your destination.
Pay people for watching ads in their quarantine time.
What if? Because of global warming and racial mixing. White gets fazed out over time so this age will always be know as the White Capitist Era
An anchor but for a spaceship.
Separation of church and state - voting
My asking.
A quarantine sale on Steam
If you’re bored, look up all the TV shows, movies, cartoons etc. that were released during your birth year and enjoy all the media that is as old as you are.
only take vaccines that a doctor says you are not a danger of spreading the disease after taking it so you can go back to normal, cuz otherwise they are saying the vaccine doesnt really work.
foreskin jacket
A couple collar
Implement a screening process using a variant of "The shopping cart theory" to find people who are detrimental to society and help them.
Create a monthly subscription service on your smart phone that gives you access to lawyers sitting on call for police interactions.
In front of every store- have one disguised employee asking customers entering to smell funge perfume. If they can’t smell it, they have COVID and you turn them away.
Everyone donates a dollar or so so I don't get fired or go homeless!
I will join that gym
Zombie virus that makes people run around eating out ass and pussy
Amazing Holi Sale Offer 2021
My main one tonight has been lobster. Which is rather hard to get in the UK
A cooking show where the host and guests just drink, talk, and tell stories in the kitchen but never actually prepare anything and then run out of time.
For the next US presidential election we should all vote for someone who lies in the middle ground of left/right, who will try to make changes for the greater good, instead of only trying to please one side
Create a movie so perfect, that CinemaSins can‘t hand out even one single sin.
A public awareness poster to promote social distancing targetted specifically at adulterers that says "Thou shalt not covid thy neighbor's wife"
A movie about a gay black man named "Faggot"
A news aggregator for counter strike for all the people without this one friend who sends you all the great stuff anyways
There needs to be a button that you can press while recording video that calls the police or emergency number.
Award users who report posts that breaks the rules (reposts) so we have a cleaner feed.
A surprise funeral. So lets say that someone was out doing something and they died all of a sudden, you tell the family that they went missing and then all of a sudden a marching band bursts into your house and they roll in a casket, you open it and its the person that died right there. Suprisssse!!
A "watch later" or "read later" option for Reddit posts
I think this would be a good time to implement the "Take what you need, leave what you dont" boxes from FTWD.
Storm chasers but instead of tornadoes, it’s a bunch of guys with surf boards chasing tsunamis
Delete cake days from the site entirely and never explain anything
Placebo: the medicine company
Have a concert with 2 bands whose fanbases completely despise each other and watch the fireworks
YouTube should have a separate section for any corporate channels
A polotical election where the final candidates must battle each other on a bridge over a spiked pit.
Get a tattoo of the word Hello with a bunch of o’s on your penis so when you’re erect it reads HELLOOOOOO and when you’re not it reads helo
Substitute For Fiberglass.
A Reddit sub where when you upvote, you get a downvote (sharing karma)
Wireless earpods that screams anything you want it to when you lost it in your home
When this quarantine is over, let's go into hibernation.
A light or camera that shows where Covid is.
We make Brands pay us to clean up the mess they have made....so they can win back our trust...Actually that's what we are already doing! Check it out ;)
Terrible game idea Inverted chess, The Ssehc
I don’t want the free trial, I’d rather keep it as an extra chip in case that I can’t pay for the service for a while.
Tagging people who break social distance rules.
Clone woolly mammoths so that you can surgically transplant their fur as a replacement for your pubic hair.
Idea for an alternative democratic systemWhy was my submission removed?
ban all forms of "slavery but with extra steps"
To remember and honor the victims of covid-19, the essential workers that are holding society together, and the enormous effort made worldwide, the world should collectively pause all business, school, and social gatherings every year from march 15-30.
Stop faking on dogs that you are: about to die, having a seizure or anxiety attack, just to tape that fucking moment and make it viral!!!!!
Bathrooms should have an automatic lock system that will only open after the user finish washing his/her hands while singing two Happy Birthday songs.
Daredevil can smell 100 hidden flavors of stank wafting from a chick's bootycrack and he *still* slams some cheeks when he can.
Re-create all the old Tom and Jerry episodes with AI program to make it 60fps for the newer generations to watch
A rap song but every n word is replaced by 'kind gentleman'
Make it a serious crime to leave used needles in public.
Remaster spaghetti westerns using Googles deep dream spaghetti filter so the films come to life from a virtual pile of spaghetti
Make money illegal
An uber to uber your car to somewhere. So you pay for a driver to drive you somewhere in your own car (while you're drunk obvi).
Wizards of the Coast should publish a Jewish space laser card for MTG.
History Books Will Show The Affordable Health Care is Slashed Just before the COVID-19 Outbreak.
A car horn that says "Please" instead of making the honking noise
Bob Ross but cooking
Apple should make an augmented reality monocle and call it the iPatch
We should celebrate a global Free Hugs Day when this whole thing ends.
Grow a virus in a lab that is less lethal the more people you spread it to and spread it on a nutella and olive sandwich.
Have all politicians live on minimum wage for a month and see if they can survive like they say they should be able to
Women and trans women's restroom rights issue can be solved by putting a 911 button and say it's because of men
Universities/university-towns under COVID should allow more outside drinking. Parties are going to happen and it will allow for some distancing.
HP 205 G4 22 All-in-One PC
Require politicians to accompany the military to the theatre of war, whether they support it or not.
Have the government fund built-in flesh megaphones to make dogs bark louder.
Get rid of telephone poles
A survey at the end of news articles
Virus mask
The option to send a “non urgent” text, when the answer can wait and you don’t want to disturb/wake up the recipient.
We got singing, rapping, mumbling, screaming, and growling. What's the next music vocal style?
Require people who don’t have sidewalks in front of their house to walk in streets elsewhere
Belle Delphine Should Be The New Ceo Of OnlyFans Cuz chez QUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEN
Let's spend our tax dollars to issue augmented reality glasses to everyone. Visual overlays and auditory warnings would help maintain separation and provide touch-less product information while pandemic shopping.
People should have to see meat processing
Get a GF (or BF) in 7 days challenge!!!
Release a bunch of trained crows to pick up bottles/trash and throw them in the nearest trash bin
Use government money to reimburse gym membership fees for people who were obese or overweight and became in shape and in a healthy weight range. Also require college applicants to pass a basic PFT to receive federal aid.
Hundreds of people (over time) go to the KFC corporate people and ask, Does the chicken have XYZ (for example garlic powder) since I'm allergic to garlic powder. And then figure out what ingredients are there in the Secret Recipe.
Start a cable company that is exclusive to porn. Call it Cumcast.
I had this dream, it really is a million dollar idea (explicit)
This pandemic's given me a LOT of free time. Here's a giant list of porn titles I made up.
Spare some change?
Poop highway public toilet.
Organic Llama Butter
Make an hilarious mayo based condiment &amp; call it LMAO.
Move to Dallas and open up a strip club called The Grassy Knoll.
Americans should embrace the Metric system. We learned 1/2 liter up to 2 liters from Coke/Pepsi, we could drive 110 with no tickets and I only weigh 97!
Notifications for comments that are downvoted.
Engineering our way beyond illnesses.
Reddit should place all subs in quarantine to limit the spread of the virus.
Everyone avoid standing too close to each other to decrease spread of coronavirus
Sometimes I feel like an NPC in a game created by Freud’s nephew
Making a "technological test" for people who want to buy things
Make the pokemon Koffing (and Weezing) the official mascots for the Corona epidemic
Reddit adding a “Top Posts This Decade” button
Here’s a good one my dad came up with. A toilet that analyzes your excrement and gives you an in-depth report on which foods you could eat to help improve your diet.
Ice molds that make small enough ice cubes to fit in a the hole of a can
A restaurant merger between Sonic and Krystal/White Castle, and call it "Sonic X Krystal"
Electric handles on shopping carts, shock the piss outta ya when you put anything not on your list in dem
On the next international women's day, every women around the world goes without makeup for the day. Do your hair, dress nice, pluck, wax, and shave. Just no makeup at all.
Packs of cigs that come with 1 Exploding cigarette for people trying to quit.
Maybe dentists recommend soft toothbrushes because they don’t work as well to keep you coming back.
Remake the movie Corky Romano but have an entire cast of Corgi's and call it Corgi Romano
A game show called Punish the Porcelain. Morbidly obese contestants spend the whole day eating junk food and then whoever can do the most damage to the toilet at the end wins.
Why tho
Noise canceling Pills(lasts for 1hour)
The cure to coronavirus is simple and has been staring us in the face for months: ZORB BALLS
Racist Test
awdwadawdawda awd aw a
Make a trash saturnring-like structire around earth
White noise generators (or music) installed in all public restrooms, so it's not like a tomb in there and we don't have to hear every bodily function sound.
Someone should go to a comment section full of covid deniers and make up the most ludicrous theories to see how many would believe in it
Before execution, for your last meal, eat a solid block of AIDS. Not something with aids in it but aids with nothing in it. You're going to die anyways.
CEO Pay
Make it so that the baby is charged when the mother dies from child birth.
Musical electrical chairs
Yell your personal unreachable solutions to problems on the internet so the right person hears it.
An attention direction hypothesis of autism
World should turn off internet for an hour once in year, and call it "Human Hour"
Why don't they just take old abandoned malls, and turn them into homeless shelters?
Honest mobile game ads.
Marvel should make Frank Castle a Gay BLM Activist
start testing people for antibodies, those that have them get a bracelet that allows them to be a functioning member of society again.
If PornHub had ad interruptions, the revenue they would make from PH Premium could solve world hunger.
$10k payment to 10000, picked randomly for voting in election
Nurgül Yeşilçay escapes mental hospital
If you could gather exactly 1,000,001 people (including yourself) into an online group, and every single day get everyone to send $1 to a randomly chosen group member, as long as the group continues, everyone has a much bigger chance of becoming a millionaire than playing any existing lottery.
Reclaim "Asperger's syndrome" as a term for a sociological phenomenon wherein a legitimate scientific theory or medical disorder is inflated into or appropriated by a subculture whose ideology and agenda are at best tangential to the original theory
An air purifier that mixes the removed carbon and water with other chemicals to make black ink
I...may have come up with an idea that could, might, maybe, possibly give us the edge we need to beat climate change... I hope...XD.
The NBA has become stale, BRING BACK SLAMBALL!
So I want to make a crazy YouTube idea that pays us and plays the algorithm
A Taxi app - you use the app to order a cab and they use GPS to find your location
Yelp, but for people. Like, “Jerry is a moron. Zero stars”
Make a way to donate to take away money from a cause. Instead of donating a dollar, I want to spend a dollar to take away someone's dollar
Instead of buying the presidency directly, Bloomberg should buy up tons of housing in and around D.C. and give everyone from Flint, Michigan free housing and healthcare for life. It would probably have been way cheaper, too.
Celebrities offer exclusive "admission" to online concert/show when you send a picture showing you going in to vote
kill cake day.
If you have the time (from working from home, summer vacation, or quarantine), go to bed an hour late and wake up a normal 8 hours later, then go to sleep an hour after the day before, repeat 24 times until normal bedtime. Each day would be an hour longer, but you would still get just as much sleep.
Gluten free gluten
A family not to fuck with.
A medical procedure where you take a sleeping pill and an amnesia pill, then wake up with a VR headset on. You choose the scene beforehand.
A superhero called bloodman. If he's hurt blood comes out but then the more times he's stabbed the more holes for the blood to get back in faster
Make sure everyone around you knows that you have a nut allergy
A functional society that doesn't all hate each other.
AmITheAsshole: The Show
The t.v. Show you watch at night pause when you fall asleep.
A buddy cop comedy movie, but every time they they shoot someone, the death is realistic, with the person screaming, bleeding everywhere, and shitting themselves.
A dog toy recycling program that takes your old toys and gives you back other people’s old dog toys for a small fee
Every person waking up from surgery should be greeted by a monkey in a white coat and a talking robot.
Spectating option after death 🤔
A movie where a Redditor gets a girl by regurgitating interesting things he finds on Reddit but then their region gets hit by a massive tropical storm and they lose internet for a month and she slowly realizes he is not the man she thought he was, starring Jake Gyllenhaal and Anne Hathaway
Call a random number and say "Mom/Dad, you forgot to pick me up from basketball practice"
A setting in reddit where you can edit your feed on what it can prepare like set r/memes on New and r/drawing on Best. So that you can look at both of the feeds without doing the extra effort of searching them and scrolling down
Professional sports leagues (NBA, NHL, etc.) that are currently shutdown should put together teams of adults who never played professional but always wanted to and televise the results.
just host Senate and other important government stuff in VR chat, same with schools, and court, and such, and just officially launch the cyberpunk chapter of humanity
On the not so bright side of this WHUFLU mess is when it’s all over there will probably be a shit ton of homes to buy or rent from all the uhmm deaths. Might help the housing crisis a smidge
Let’s let all the republicans move to one state! Texas is big enough for sure. That’d do wonders for the Electoral College! “Bernie wins in a Land slide 500-38”
Create website that display robbery videos where users can login and critique what the robber and clerk did right and wrong
Everyone google "why is my pee red" at 6:00 PM GMT on December 01. Confuse the hell out of search algorithms
Political Parties should be Removed from the Electoral System
For the next couple Presidential debates, The moderator should have the power to mute the other candidate if they keep on interrupting.
Email providers should scan your email history and give an overview of all the accounts at different websites you have floating around
Treat people with the same respect you'd expect them to treat you with.
Coronavirus was created by Wayne Gretzky so that Alex Ovechkin can't catch up to him for most career goals
At railroad crossings there should be a display that shows at what time the next train is planned to come.
Make a child believe that a (kinda) non-existent wall exists.
For future US Presidential Elections, eliminate the debate and have a series of competitions including a Jeopardy round, a math competition, a game of chess and a short logic quiz.
A new video game; a cross between Warcraft and Grand Theft Auto; called Wizards of the Syzurrup
4/20 Streaming Headquarters Raid
Get everyone to start calling COVID-19 “The Backstreet Boys World Tour.”
A large hamburger should be made large horizontally not vertically
Put a mirror beside the camera at the DMV
If you have to cough in public and then say ‘no-rono’ no one can get mad at you for spreading covid.
If someone falls for online phishing scams, they should lose their right to vote
Bring Short Round from Indy 2 to The Walking Dead as a Glenn replacement character
The NBA should train players in NBA 2K20 and then play the rest of the season online
Play Google Dinosaur by physically Jumping. instead of space button.
Subbhsbs00ub
A social media site limited to people you actually have a connection with.
The safest way to lick booty is to 3D print your tongue and place it against a big booty bitches butt hole
Shopping carts which you can't see what's in. If you leave it somewhere, you can't check if it's yours based on the content.
An album called What Rhymes with Orange? where nothing rhymes.
Marriages should be limited to a duration of 1 year unless renewed by both parties
We should ban the phrase "We're in this together" and all related translations so no one ever has to hear or see it again
YouTube premium but for google ads
Cocaine but it's in a nasal spray bottle
What if Google Maps use gyroscope to determine the conditions of the road.
A license to speed. An aptitude and alertness test that when passed will allow you to have a special license plate and the ability to ignore posted speed limits on highways. Test must be retaken on renewal.
Make iPhones more lefthand friendly
PGA organizes and effectively bans Giuliani from playing golf on any private course nationwide, regulating him to play on public courses for the rest of his life.
Game that use your fitness data as in game stats
A dating site, except just to make friends
With the COVID pandemic and the upcoming elections, we should instead have all former US presidents assume the post together for 1 year to get us through. Like Captain Planet but for politics.
Netflix should troll Star Trek fans by having every Star Trek show's theme music segue into jazz 1% of the time
still made to wear car harness at 14 years old
Has anyone tried using more cowbell on 2020? Sounds like a long shot but at this point I’m willing to try anything.
Lion King remake, but from the point of view of a wildlife videographer fascinated by "Scar" teaming up with hyenas.
A website that measures the chances of getting computer viruses from other websites.
People should start learning how to ride horses for when cars inevitably become unsustainable
For the flops that have toilet paper, sanitizer etc for sale on Kajiji, Craigslist or Gumtree - post up there number with a new ad for free supplies or free puppies, postage include. Their phones will be blowing up and their operation in chaos.
Revive the Darude Sandstorm meme
Reintroduce the keyboard for phones. I wanna play Pokémon and send texts on the same device.
Have Biden donate a million dollars to the Trump campaign so Trump will support Biden.
A dark-mode for google maps street view where the images are all taken at night.
Smart people get accepted to only the worst colleges because they don't need as much education, while dumb people go to the elite colleges
We should all find some stupid "r/woosh" comment and give it thousands and thousands of karma and tons of medals to be sarcastic.
Google street view VR
A cookie clicker / ad capitalism style game but it’s Reddit themed and you farm upvotes, karma, and awards as the gems / in-game purchase currency.
The Olympics should add a regular person to the racing events for comparison (and entertainment), and add an extra credit category where the pro athletes try out the other sports for fun.
Monopoly with subscription service, where players pay an amount to other player(s) every time they pass GO to avoid paying rent when they land on other player(s) properties....
Get into fist fights with strangers and put their teeth under your pillow. Pretend to be asleep and then ambush the tooth fairy to steal her magic and then declare yourself the god of dentistry.
All rapists must donate their scrotum for burn victim skin grafts.UV dildos to cure Covid19? Anyone?
Instead of administrative leave, officers under investigation should be taken into custody. If they are found innocent, they are let go after however long that took to prove, just like everyone else.
A plattform where you choose your learning goal and it shows you ressources from different plattforms such as articles or videos to get there.
This would be the perfect time in US history to catalogue all classroom learning into one national database of video lectures.
Enter: the Butthole Vortexitron
Every time someone is caught littering, a small metal ball weighing 500g is put into a backpack which the litterbug is required to carry around with them on their back for the rest of their lives. One ball is removed for every kilogram of litter the litterbug picks up from the streets.
Big brother for world leaders
What if before Iran has the chance to retaliate, we as Americans stand up and prove we did not agree with the decisions of a single mad man? If we stand up for peace and use every resource available to show the world that the decisions and actions of "our president" do not represent us as a nation?
All trials where police violence is the defendant must be by a jury instead of allowing a judge to choose guilty vs not guilty since the judge is more likely to side with the police than the jury is
Movie pitch: Simultaneous movies: National Treasure 3, Transformers 6, Broken Arrow 2, Angel Has Fallen 3, and Eagle Eye 2
Go into your email and reply to the oldest messages you have as if you just received them. Wait for the confusion as your recipients wonder why you’re responding to 10 to 15-year-old messages.
Virtual enslavement; a situation caused by intended inter platform user format incompatibility.
The NBA should make the players compete from home via 2k20.
For drug cartel lords with gold-plated AK-47s, full-metal jacket gold-plated bullets. Real bling.
An air-activated time-sensitive transparent box tape for use in Amazon packages to prove that it hasn’t been tampered with.
A new miniseries called Criminal In Tent, about a fugitive hiding in the woods.
What if we replaced gasoline engines in cars with bike pedals?
Give any bad news on April fools' so that people won't believe it and will have a softer impact once they realize it's true
There should be a day where everyone in the United States turns their lights off, or shuts their window drapes.
"Nice Titties!" skit
Browser extension that filters youtube comments by key words
Worship Takashi 6ix9ine as the second coming of Christ
I don't know what to say to attract people to clicking this. I will say I love you and I promise you will not be disappointed. Does this work though?
Futuristic ideas
Pantalones in English
Everytime a volcano erupts, you can hear the Earth moan a little.
There should be separate movie theaters where you can yell and make comments and jokes at the movie but it’s with a smaller group, it would work very well for horror movies.
If we all walked around naked people wouldn't have body image issues
If this gets 200M upvotes I will delete my account
One of those anime girl booby mouse pads, but instead of boobs, it's a man's hairy butt
Use VR to teach/learn new skills.
Instead of AM and PM for time, we should have a name for each. There would be Monday and Monnight, Tuesday, Tuesnight, Wednesday, Wednesnight, etc.
Can someone make a video of Northernlion's best moments and put "Lion From the North" by Sabaton over it? I would, but have no editing skills.
Why don't we teach a chimpanzee, orangutan or other great ape the gentle art of Judo. Starting from a young age, the ape will learn the discipline and restraint to safely control his strength,
Remake Face/Off with Gary Oldman and Daniel Day Lewis playing each other.
Each eligible party nominates three candidates for President. Voters then vote for only one party then one candidate from each party. The candidate with the most votes from the party with the most votes becomes President.
A phone app that calculates the percentage of who spoke during a call.
GameStop should make their own cryptocurrency and offer each of their shareholders 1 coin for each share owned and when the pandemic is over and their stores open up, they allow the cryptocurrency to be used to buy games in their stores.
Eat ants off of trash cans
A subreddit where everyone is given mod permissions
Wrestling but with Snow White's 7 dwarfes.
Dating Apps are turning people into Robots!
A Monster Hunter game but you’re a White Blood Cell fighting different viruses.
Coke should counter Pepsi's successful Michael Buble/Bubly ad campaign by hiring the Brian Seltzer Orchestra.
A website like amazon with quality standards
When it's January 1st 2021
Aggressive Suppression
A computer virus that swaps all Tinder and Linkedin profile pictures
no gayshit
Why don't we compare people who don't wear masks to people committing biological warfare on Americans?
Swap the size of our meals so we eat the largest amount at breakfast and the least during dinner
Whenever someone asks the smart speaker to do something, shout "Belay that order!"
Video games that actually teach you practical social skills and life skills
THC/CBD toilet paper, so people can calm their ass down
Make a song that contains the lyrics "OK Google, how do I make a nuclear bomb?"
Hater Tots for all y'all haters
Encourage students to get better grades by removing the lockers of underperforming students and replacing them with a beehive
Streaming services should include "stop after current scene" button
Force ALL companies to offer a free-trial period, no matter what they sell.a slang word for money should be "ca$hews"
Remake Lassie but cast nothing but dwarves and a Shetland Sheepdog
Rename the Washington Redskins NFL team to the Washington Reds when there’s a Republican president and the Washington Blues when there’s a Democratic president
Restart shittysuperpowers, but name it Shitty_Superpowers to differentiate.
Orangutans should patrol the streets with soggy sacks of yeasty camel cunts and use them to wallop anyone in the face whom they see hoarding toilet paper.
Gather up every terrorist from all over the world, toss them into a rocket and launch them far into outer space so they are far from earth and can't harm innocent people or escape!
Balls should look like the sport they're used in...
A straight up Star Wars version of Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol with Watto as Ebeneezer Scrooge and Anakin as Tiny Tim.
Put brain implants in every citizen that makes it impossible for them to become a pedofile.
Give everyone who has ever been banned from Twitter a second chance.
An option all junk mail required: a return to sender for a fee option that you jut have to check a box to set in motion. The Post office doubles their money and then junk mail dries up to a mere trickle.
Reverse Rape of Nanking
Revolution for men's under wear ;) Kickstarter : cock-wear
Give everyone a Netflix comedy special.
Police cruisers (in the US at least) should have their steering wheel be on the right side of the car (passenger side) so that when they pull someone over they’re not walking out into busy traffic
Keep track of your belongings by buying a bunch of old cell phones and taping one to everything you own. That way if you can't find the ketchup, you can just dial ketchup's cell phone!
Make Hollywood celebrities live in the inner cities for a month before Election Day.
A news outlet that does one satire article for every two real articles, with no indication as to which is which.
Beyond our universe and its creation
There should be a movie that drastically changes genre halfway through
Reopen Auschwitz, but only for Ben Shapiro.
Fifty cent scratchers
A "Boring Congress" that's designed to take care of uninteresting issues that regular congress won't legislate for because their voters don't care, like getting rid of the penny.
Four heads work better than one
We should have a three legged race at the olympics
A tag on reddit like NSFW but instead its TW so that people dealing with eating disorders, suicide, self harm, OCD ect. can go on reddit without having to see any 'suicide funny' or 'I have OCD, I like my pens in a straight line' jokes.
A meta Mario Kart 64 movie that takes place in 1964 where a plumber and his brother get caught up in underground no-limits street racing where everybody has to race while tripping balls on acid
Are bad dreams a free trial of Hell?
Forever single millennial homes
Baseball but there are no bats but you can use anything shaped like a bat.
Eventually Antarctica is going to melt and the sea levels will increase dramatically. Calculate now where the new coast would be and buy real estate there now. so in the future you will have a beachfront property.
I just put the last of my savings into The Graph
Look at your pay rate on a smaller scale
The USA should follow the lead of 'Trinidad &amp; Tobago' and 'Bosnia &amp; Herzegovina' and rename itself 'Alaska, Texas, California, ... &amp; Rhode Island'
Let anti-5G folks opt out of 5G and put them back on 2G.
There should be a competitive reality show (a la Big Brother), but instead of the usual drama, it’s just couples in healthy relationships communicating properly and working through their problems while they play the game.
What would another person achieve in my body with my looks but with their charisma?
Start calling Instagram "influencers" Instagram advertisers
a mc don where you can bring guns
Go back in time to burn all the cacao plants before chocolate got first smoked by the assteks. Fuck chocolate, hershey, nestle, mars for enslaving children:
You should have to pass a test to become president.
allow a person in the passenger seat of one car to drive another car using a second steering wheel and gas and brake pedals for computer, the other car being in front of them
An app that connects you and your startup idea to like-minded people
Hear me out, I put an egg yolk in some milk, and whisked it all together on medium heat until it started to simmer, and it's not bad.
To create a chat bot to simulate your dead friend or relative
Step One: Obtain a highly intelligent talking bird. Step Two: Expose our Manchurian Bird to nothing but POTUS news clips and sound bytes. Step Three: Nominate the talking bird at the Republican National Convention.
Since Corona has taken all our toilet paper, and everything is being canceled, evertone ahould just use their underwear and a temporary replacement, and go and wash them because almost everyone is at home all day.
Change all thumbs up buttons on the internet to the middle finger and see how long it takes for people to notice
cropduster planes
TV content ratings should introduce a 'Karen' rating to help Karens avoid 'inappropriate' shows.
Revive MySpace only better and ditch Facebook
There should be an option to restrict YouTube users from commenting on a video until they have watched a certain amount of it.
Two Tuesdays from now everyone holds an egg in their left hand all day, if you encounter an egg holder you each have to raise your hand high, crush your egg, and scream
Send transphobes a link to the TG Soda video, and ask them at one exact timestamp the body becomes female.
Petition Trump to take magic mushrooms for self-reflection.
Don't shout to stand out.
People would upvote more!
Like they commonly list "price per gram" on some items, listing also the companies "profit" per sale on items so people would know which things they're way over paying for.
Double down on the insanity of the US Space Force by making a new military branch, the Subterranean Force! Purpose- to protect the nation against attacks from below the planet's surface
Using traffic to generate electricity on inclines
Super Mario Maker, but with 3D assets utilizing a 64, Sunshine, Galaxy, and Odyssey mode
Leak a *treasure map* to the public. At the end of a long and frustrating search is a container with a flash drive containing a copy of the music video, **Never Gonna Give You UP**.
A headphone jack in a vacuum cleaner so only the vacuumer is tortured by the vacuous cacophony that woke me up this morning.
You wanna know a crazy idea...im giving someone $10 for nothing because its NEW YEARS!!!
Simple: A Japanese-American horror movie based on Oni
Colonise Mars to prevent human extinction.
Communism
Mix vaccines into a small vile of useable blood ang market it to antivaxxers as an injected potion of youth that extends their lives and improves their health by rejuvenating the chakra or life energy or something.
Videos should start at whatever place the most people skip to within the first few seconds that they leave it playing for at least a minute
Instead of spending millions of dollars on campaigns, for Presidential elections, we should lock the candidates in a room and have them fight to the death, winner becomes president.
A streaming service that exclusively streams Adam Sandler movies. Tons of people claim to hate his movies but I bet we would all be surprised by how many subscribers the service would get.
I should be able to see when someone on my Netflix account is approaching the end of whatever they're watching, so I can time when to ask them something without interrupting them.
Create a machine which plays millions of musical sounds in your brain and measures dopamine responses, and produces a song which you will find so good you'll literally be crying when you hear it.
A subreddit that's basically r/all but with strict permaban on reposts. Not with the intention of being mean but simply that of being efficient.
Netflix should show live events like debates for cord cutters
Launch a crusade against the Spotify lady.
Automoderator bots of the apocalypse
An adult cartoon on Netflix telling the entirety of Greek mythology as a cartoon
Lemonade stands should sell grapes
Stores should have to give 150% refund on items they restock without checking that are broken or missing pieces.
Create a food YouTube channel where you follow recipes that were generated by AI (like GPT2) and try them out. You might create an amazing new recipe or absolutely disgusting mush.
Fire alarms should have a snooze button.
MSI Modern 14 A10M-652IN Laptop
A program that can convert writing of a photo/scan into usable fonts... even from dead people like your relatives.
The world ends with the time machine being invented, and everybody going back to the early times of humanity/Earth/the universe to solve mysteries only to realize too late we can't go back forwards.
There should be a line of dildos that look like George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Ben Franklin, etc...called the Pounding Fathers.
A high-school drama, where one of the teenagers is Danny DeVito and it's never addressed.
The money being taxed from legal marijuana should go to our healthcare system.
In schools, have bulletproof lockers big enough to fit a person inside
How about we convince anti vaxxers, 5G enthusiasts ect that all phones and computers are bad using articles so they can just fuck right off the grid.
Pass a required IQ test for everyone in the USA, then compare the results to political party affiliation
A long lasting pill for men that gives you a raging erection every time you need to pee
A subreddit full of all the top reposts that circulate your favorite sub with a link to the sub where it was stolen
Every year in commemoration of this pandemic, we should take 2 months off. Shut down non-essential jobs and give the climate a break.
People who are charged in serious animal cruelty cases should be used as test subjects in clinical trials instead of the animals.
Mass produce N95 masks and make them available to everyone so the antimask people lose their only valid excuse to not wear one.
A reddit type site where you can upvote yourself as much as you want
A subreddit where we post satire articles and then pretend they’re real.
they should legalize pot during quarantine
A final Tim Burton Batman film, where Bruce Wayne is quadriplegic and never puts on the suit
Let an ADHD nine year old off his meds moderate the debate
pee and poop anywhere and a robot comes and cleans it up
Straight people who whine about LGBTQ+ adopting should stop giving up their kids in the first place and should have to have more financial responsibility to the child they adopt out.
Smash tournaments where, instead of playing Super Smash Bros, there is a woman at the center and two people take turns seeing who can make her orgasm the fastest. The person who makes her orgasm the fastest is declared the winner
Smartphone smoke detectors
Sausage party
We Truman Show Donald Trump.
Donate to Wikipedia
A Texas vacation this summer.
Self stamped envelopes for voting
Mobile phone companies should provide an extra removable battery and an external battery charger so that we can have extra mobile time on the go!
Modern Retelling of Les Misérables
Lesbian version of gaydar, call it lesbinocular
There should be a series where all popular youtubers do S.A.S Who dares wins
Lactose intolerant rats/mice.
Every hospital should have a list of successful alumni.
Antibacterial chapstick
Sky diving dive
Re-releasing the old classic rock albums (again) but this time without the 5 min drum solos
2020 should be BLIP year
Legalise suicide.
How much energy does it take to levitate a person, and is that much energy available in items laying around a commo garage such as a lawnmower or chainsaw or a 240 volt 60 amp electric outlet etc? Or how many of those would have enough energy? Independent of how to transform the energy.
Any violent police that lose their jobs can be given secret Rambo missions rescuing dogs and baby elephants overseas. It will allow them to be awesome soldiers of fortune but they will change by learning to love along the way. Animals will also be saved, maybe.
Private services (health, education, etc) should not be available for high-level public office holders.
Send 100 prisoners on to Mars to see if it is habitable or not.
Add colour to table salt so it’s not such a bitch to see.
Weights should come in sizes .5,1,2,4,8,16,32,64 lbs, so you can buy the minimum amount of weights and have any size you want from 1lb - 128 lbs.
An app that can sense when you're about to say the wrong thing, so it simple just starts making a god awful sound until you turn it off
We should remove our nerves so we dont feel pain
Usain Bolt Vs Michael Phelps. Triathlon.
Someone should offer to buy the GameStop stores for $3 per store.
The Goverment creating its own health insurance company
Couldn't we bring back hover elements to webdesign by making it work with eyetracking on phones?
Everytime you look up a certain game or song to download, but it costs money, you should get notified if it ever drops in price or becomes free.
An easy wash spoon
Online bullshit
Set up businesses that pay a living wage plus benefits in states that allow discrimination based on sexual orientation. Only hire gay people.
Choose presidents by process of elimination over a 12 week season. Each week contains political challenges and debates and the one with the lowest votes gets kicked out.
DoorDash but for perfume and febreze when you smell weird and you need to not smell weird- called DiorDash
Bunch of adult actresses should make youtube content and name their channel Nude Perfect.
New app idea
Hello everyone !! Can you all support my small youtube channel, please? I work very hard to create a community here on Reddit, a place where people can come together to study and motivate each other. Hope you all appreciate it and lend me a helping hand :)
What if elephant had learned to use fire and tools and humans evolved as their dog-like counterparts
PornHub should create a live-streaming service called 'LiveHub' that allows people to stream anything as long as it's not illegal. They have the infrastructure and Twitch could finally come down exploding as it deserves to.
A Bucket List App!
Spotify should have a feature where if you're adding a song from a CD, and you add another song from the same CD, it should figure out what CD it is and add all of it for you.
Create a musical instrument that is part violin, part trombone.
Metal wire wheels.
Google should have a thumbs up and down on search results
Create an isolation Big Brother 2020
Send flowers to your loved ones while they're alive, instead of doing it after they can't receive it
Started from the top now we’re here
Reconceptualize your life story in terms of the hero's journey.
There should be a writeable law by the people. Where the highest % of people writing in one and only one of the same law on their election ballot it becomes a law.
Make a tv that is just one huge iPad (same interface) and you can also use your iPhone to command it. No more buttons !
An alarm clock that kicks you in the nuts
Engineer the Covid vaccines to slowly turn everyone's blood bright green, don't ever acknowledge or address it.
A mandatory field trip to a prison for younger children
A movie about a guy that digs up dead bodies and has sex with them, but the movie portrays it as a cool crime like pulling off a heist.
A coronavirus fundraiser YouTube channel that donates all proceeds to coronavirus research
CRISPR up a new virus/pandemic every couple of years to defeat climate change and save the sustainable habitability of the planet. What could go wrong?
When Saturday night live does their skit for these debates they should get an actual literal child to be the stand in for Donald Trump
A camera that leaves a different aroma each time it takes a picture. Many years later you can look at the photos and smell them, bringing back the whole memory.
An "I'm feeling unlucky" button on google that directs you to the last indexed search
Voting rights are revoked if you are an odd number of years old
FlyFish: Fishing hooks that are shaped in such a way - that if the fish escapes, the hook will actually stay in as a cool looking lip piercing.
#diaperdon for good
On the 2nd last day of his presidency, Joe Biden should resign and make Kamala Harris the first female president #47. Then she should make Bernie her VP and step down to make him #48.
Blame pigeons for everything.
We Should Teach History In Reverse Chronological Order
A mask with a straw built in for wearing to bars
Universities should charge higher tuition for more valuable degrees (e.g. Engineering)
Have yourself chemically castrated then stop taking your meds a few months later, you’ll have the fattest cum load of all time
Living by the terms of your political ideology, for example a libertarian would have the government influence their lives less
In addition to valedictorians, the student with the highest GPA, giving a speech, there should also be the person with the lowest GPA giving a speech as the one with the lowest academic achievement.
Reddit should introduce tree award and plant trees for every tree award bought.
To save the USPS, they should come out with a commemorative line of 99 cent stamps featuring the most popular anime characters.
A condom face mask
No subreddit can share any pair of moderators with any other subreddit.
bio engineer a disease that only infects people who believe it exists
RGB Airpods
We should all get a Prime refund since pretty much everything on Amazon is being shipped as “guaranteed two day shipping ... arriving May 5th”
Place a bomb in the earthcore that explodes when temperature rises by 1 degree and let's see how hard it is to stop climate change
Pool cover trampolines
If enough humans collectively inhale synchronously they might offset climate change
If we make a ginormous pair of sunglasses for the Sun, nobody will have to wear sunglasses again.
We should treat racist people in the same way we treat people with personality disorders.
An interracial porn called "Migrant Twerkers"
To Make Sports teams More Diverse, Drafts should not be based on college performance.
Anyone on any social media platform who post pictures/videos of him/herself in public not wearing a mask should have their account banned or closed for a month. Influencers &amp; Celebrities for more.
There Should Be A New International Personal Travel Passport To Give Everyone Equal Opportunity
Board a shit ton of toilet paper, and sell it for 4 times the price on Amazon.
A Reddit Plug-in that Disables All Comments Quoting TV Shows, Films and Song Lyrics
We should turn the Grand Canyon into a landfill.
Hmmm... Let me think...
C418 doing a collab with John Williams
frequent votes for what word or sentence the president has to wear on his shirt or coat in big letters, like profiteer or racist or "has bigger balls than your country's president" or "is doing a good job recently"
Lion King, but with dinosaurs.
Biden should fake his own death shortly before the election. That way, he'll get the sympathy vote AND no one will be scared to vote for him because there will be no threat that he'll actually take office. Then, after the election, BAM! Get inaugurated.
r/watchburglarsdieinside - security videos with a gun activist bent
Pay the president a billion dollars a year.
A catalog where you choose how your taxes are spent.
New Lenovo Ideapad Slim 3i Laptop
If a really really fat man lost a ton of weight very quickly and had a lot of excess skin hanging from his arms, which he fastens to his ankles and becomes the superhero, "Flying Squirrel Man"
The NFL should replace all place kicking with drop kicking.
Reward counties that followed proper social distancing guidelines with a bigger stimulus check
Reddit bots but for watsapp.
Every once in a while YouTube should redirect any clicked video to the 'Never Gonna Give You Up' videoclip
Cardboard moving boxes that are shaped like Tetris pieces. Packing a U-haul would be really fun.
McDonalds increases prices on all meni items to subsidize $15/hr wage for employees, with a twist: customers are ASKED if they would like to pay more to help Employer Dignified Living Fund, while old menu prices are still honored for those that can't afford to or choose not to pay more.
They should make a mythological documentary about Zeus being an ancestor of Genghis Khan.
A place where ADHD people can exchange their tools for the hobbies and projects that died.
Make the color of links in dark mode yellow, not blue.
Sentient ants.
New Community Solar
Walk into a store and ask loudly, "What year is it?". After they tell you, run outside screaming "it worked, it worked!" and let them think about it...
Kevin Smith is the illegitimate half brother of RDJ.
Want to date someone who hates football? Go out to your local mall or coffee shop during the super bowl today to find a like-minded partner.
Create a hybrid farm animal where different parts taste like different meats (beef, pork, chicken, fish)
We give exams to industry professionals and change the tests as needed.
A dome with the walls and floor are giant HD screens to simulate any environment indoors.
Have a toilet paper plant (an actual thing, look it up) in the bathroom for those times when you run out of the man-made stuff
There should be a Reverse Tooth Fairy, who randomly replaces your spare change with old teeth
During protests police brpadcast their body cams live where anyone may make a copy of it before they have a chance to cover up any wrongdoing of police
An app similar to Nukemap, except they actually nuke the location you chose and record results.
Say 'mound' instead of 'minded' and 'bung' instead of 'banged.'
There should be an AI dedicated to generating constantly up to date lyrics for “We didn’t start the fire”
An empathy test for those running for office
Create an automation (zapier) that tweets every time you post on reddit and another that posts on reddit every time you tweet. Let them, hmmm, run forever...
Designate an area of land so that people who open carry and antifa kids can roam around and LARP together.
Trailers that are longer than the films they promote.
Best way to get away with murder. 2021 version.
A politician whose promise is that every guy will get laid.
You Are Living In A Trap Endless Matrix Worlds: Dejavu, Lucid Dream, Time Travel, Novels, Movies
Non-disposable pregnancy tests
Lets sign trumps birthday card with a name like I.C.Wiener of Jeffery Epstein and make a go fund me to make sure he sees the name first.
Sideburns long enough to tie them with the rest of your hair behind your head and cover your ears.
Frozen pizza companies should slightly melt the cheese before packaging so all the toppings stay in place
When I look up at the ceiling I don't see chess pieces. I only see Lionel Richie
Giving guns recoil in vr.
Millions of offices are closed and contain hand sanitizer and TP. Those supplies should be distributed to the public.
An annual holiday when Reddit is totally unmoderated
During a debate, every time a candidate breaks a rule or goes over their time (1 second intervals) they forfeit 1% of their total vote to the other.
If i had my own gaming company I would make a "moded edition" of certain games.
Create two separate voting booths: one for people who are super-obsessed with one candidate and know who they're gonna vote for, and those who don't really care/hate both and weren't inclined to vote. Then when counting the votes, toss out all of the votes from the fanatics booth.
Solve unemployment and the teacher shortage by turning the millions of unemployed adults into online teachers. 1 Online teacher per student in America.
In minecraft, you can enchant water buckets with infinity and the water never runs out.
Bodybuilding contest but for dad bods
Google can hire novelists to imagine all the crazy situations their self-driving cars will encounter.
A female lobbying group that donates sex instead of money to politicians
Booty Snack Tray
Everyone show up to work/school/etc wearing something nice and formal/formal-causual like it's the first day again.
Cars should have 2 brakes/accelerators and the option to shift the steering wheel over
A burger chain called Four Gals
Build a moat around your house to keep invading armies at bay
There should be a Tinder for Tabletop Gaming
Facebook/IG//Zoom should have a feature to host bids to video chat with verified users/celebrities
The Masked Singer, except for Presidential Candidates. We never know who we're voting for until the end. We just listen to what they have to say and decide if we want the alligator or the honey wasp or whatever.
A movie about a serial killer who gets away with everything because social media censors their name and images because of policy and laws so no one knows who to avoid
Universe where everyone is a spider-man
Crazy idea I call it. The gender clinic.!!!!!
A Reddit Treasure Hunt. Moderator hides an object somewhere in the USA and drops hints to where it is at. The users must work together to figure out the location. First person to post a picture of them with the object is the winner.
Have a urine drug test coming up? Buy some frozen blood worms from a pet store (used for feeding amphibians), thaw them out, and put them in your urine sample. That way they will think you have bloody, worm infected urine, and therefore could not possibly be on drugs.
Conduct a scientific study to determine whether prayer statistically improves a patient's recovery rate.
Zelda Party. It is Mario Party but if it were a The Legend of Zelda spinoff.
PornHub Live but it's in a stadium with a giant crowd like a wrestling or MMA event.
Ebay should set a max price of $1 and free shipping for any listing of a new console or GPU for six months after release.
Hang traitors
Periodic Peace
Reddit Anti-Awards
Anyone in the world that dies and leaves an estate greater than the equivalent of US$500,000 should have to donate US$10,000 to a charity operating in a 3rd world country. Call it a Humanity Tax.
Carl Sagan's pale blue dot (8-Bit Animation)
Antivaxxers don’t vaccinate their children, so the kids are likely to die. But then if the kids die, antivaxxers just get money compensation from the insurance company because their kids died
A browser plugin which always closes the browser tab when any ad is detected BUT only does that if a certain checkbox is checked on your toolbar AND only if at least 1 million other people are currently using the program and also have the same checked...
A cross-promotion with Kanye West and Animal Crossing
Storm chaser but instead of tornadoes, it’s a bunch of guys with surf boards chasing tsunamis
A clock for stoners that shows where it's currently 4:20 in the world. If it's not currently 4:20 somewhere, it shows a countdown to the next 4:20 and where it'll be.
A third American political party named The Moderates where politicians vote on the issue at hand and not according to Party lines
Decentralized multisignature cryptocurrency hardware wallets.
An indie platformer where everything is a 90s gif
Тhеre is а Youtubеr cаlled "Lеоn Fаraday" thаt learns еverywееk a new skill. Нis rеlаtivеs рassеd away whеn hе wаs 14, hе mаkes videоs аbout оwn ехperience оf mastеring new skills аnd anоthеr videоs fоr peoplе tо kеep mоtivatiоn tо lеаrn аnd try nеw things, bесаusе wе havе оnly onе life !!!
A world of robots who could transmutate into things almost recognizable as plants, animals, and other ordinary objects. They would be lead by a kinda powerful robot that required constant oil change who's name was Goodenoghfus the tenth. He transmutates into like a truck or something.
Have Subway bring bag Jared as its mascot and film commercials from his prison cell.
street lamps. but solar powered.
Always-on police body cams during shifts, requiring supervisor approval to turn off for approved reasons. Controlled remotely and logged for accountability.
A porn sure where its URL’s don’t say anything NSFW. That way you can rest easy when somebody decides to check your history.
An electric underwear that transforms farts into melodies
A movie called "Dumbkirk" about a cartoonishly clumsy soldier at Dunkirk.
NFL network should show "a week in a day".
Black Market Ballots: old people who are gonna die anyway sell their votes to teenager's who can't vote.
People of short stature should review products made for children.
A reverse democracy where the person with the most amount of votes gets kicked out of the election.
Michelle Obama, run for President with Barack Obama as Vice and resign if winner
A business school that teaches any kind of merchantry, commerce or trading through real world experience. No paid tuition, the school gets its money by making you successful. The more you (l)earn, the more the school earns.
Terminator sport - A bunch of robots (with legs, wheels, quadcopters, etc) try to chase the Human team down and tie them up, while the Human team tries to do the same to the robots. No actual terminating should happen, but every sport is a little dangerous.
The earth explodes
Export invasive/edible animals to places without food.
I'm trying to get the world record for fastest Gaming PC ever built on Go Fund me! click the link to donate every dollar helps!
Disney should remake their bad movies and try again to make them good.
Pay people to sign a contract where they agree not to murder anyone for the next 5 years even if murder becomes legal during that time, they would not have the right to even though other people would.
Require that each individual Congressmember be the mean average age of their constituency.
Produce a scripted "Florida Man" show for Adult Swim, in the style of the old Justice League or Sealab cartoons.
Mix salvia concentrate in all tabacco products to encourage people to quit
Guard Dogs for security, but they have bees in their mouth and when they bark they shoot bees at you.
CEOs should undergo "Annual Performance Reviews" like all employees
We should crowd source for frontline healthcare workers.
60,000 KM FAST Railroad from Cape Town South Africa to Buenos Aires Argentina in just 164 hours
What if we trained pigeons/other birds to pick up trash and cigarette butts and stuff like that, and fly it to a trash deposit, so it didnt ruin nature???
A repost button on Reddit posts that if enough people press the post will be taken down for being a repost
100% Death/Inheritance Tax cause Comminism is a Dumb Idea
A social understanding that a maskless adult in public within 6 feet of you may be sprayed with silly string
Single person restrooms at the entrance of your chosen movie's theater so you won't miss any of the movie.
Someone should invent the "scalextruck"
Windows 95 3D maze screensaver, but with memes at every turn.
HOWLER MONKEYS ON DEMAND
3D NFP’s
I started www.reportcovidusa.com, a Covid-19 self-reporting website inspired by mutual-aid style relief.
Human Nature: Unkind
Humans quarantine until Dinosaurs return.
Apple should have been called Lemon, because it gives you products like a lemon tree.
A modern, topical remake of Rocky where a country boy works towards his dream of being a cop in the city. With the same famous montage w/ music of him getting a degree, jogging, lifting, and hitting blacks and his wife.
We genetically modify a large group of people and make each person allergic to a different type of seasoning, then they each have a piece of KFC. We can then figure out what 11 herbs and spices are used in the recipe.
Diet Pringles would sell fairly well.
Start a streaming service for all the TV shows that have been removed from TV for containing offensive subject matter. People who subscribe don't necessarily have to agree with the shows, but may want to see them out of healthy curiosity.
A new TV channel owned jointly by Dan Povenmire, Swampy Marsh, Matt Stone and Trey Parker
Dump 4 lbs. of LSD into each municipal water supply in the US just to see what will happen
Convert water fountains to hand washing stations.
The US Marshalls act as police for the police
Trade in karma for Reddit coins
What do you think if I make a movie as a paranormal activity?
Everytime you dislike a youtube video you have to specify why
In order to combat rising tides caused by climate change, we should start burying bodies all along the cost line until we build mounds that will act as flood walls
put your money into a legal Trust instead of paying to social security, and the trust has the same function as social security which is to pay you back your social security that you paid in, except it cant be stolen for other political purposes, and it cant be used to pay social security of others
The only difference between the regular and synder cut is Batman caused corona virus by having sex with a bat
The idea that subreddits must stay exactly within their original purpose to the point of banning fun and entertainment the community wants ruins things. Mods are too powerful.
A separate intro slot for YouTube videos so you don’t need to see the 5 y/o crappy intro but the nice and new one
A sitcom where everyone dies at the end.
When asked "How are you?", retail workers should be able to respond with "I'm working in retail, what do you think?"
Teach people how to parachute before a plane, have the plane just go a long distance and people can parachute out whenever based off where they are trying to go to maximize efficiency
Ask the religious people, they will know:
Put all the crazy people in 1 area with weapons
Cars that have lap bars instead of seatbelts so it’s like a roller coaster ride for the kiddies
Specifically breed dogs to recognize when it's 0 degrees outside and their owner is in shorts after being unwillingly woken up and also has to pee but was being nice by letting the dog go first and just fucking pee and poop without all the pomp and circumstance of inspecting every blade of grass.
Genetically engineer a flower that cures covid-19 and secretly distribute the cure by anonymously sending seeds all over the US.
Lets refuse to go back to normal life after the pandemic, Change The World
A sci-fi film about a nearly perfect alien species that major downfall, unlike humans, is their innate need to be altruistic.
Make an Exhale Through Nose Award
Big Ass Bidet - For the 300 and over club.
Zoom Premium: custom borders, emojis, and faster bitrate on audio/video
Starburst candies, but not individually wrapped
a single city and stadium that has 2 home teams that hate eachother, just like in politics
What if ministers were needed to work in a job that have something to do with their office
Get morbidly obese, rapidly lose weight (or get lipo) so you have loose skin, and get plastic surgery to create a pouch from your belly skin. Become a marsupial.
Classify farmers as government workers and give them a salary, benefits and a pension.
Fine for people who pushed someone to suicide if they did so without reason or without reason enough
When rioting, find a collective song to sing. Nothing terrifies people more than a unified chorus singing "The Rains of Castamere" or "Bohemian Rhapsody". Not to mention how the singing would harmonize everyone together.
A petition to make Marvel reach an agreement with Steam and release their movies there. And we pre-order them just as we pre-order games.
Open a restaurant, and add something like fried cockroach on a stick, or rat tail a'la bullshit to your menu. Health inspector finds pest? Man, some of our fresh ingredients must have gotten loose.
Do you want to become the best in any online business? read here then!
Marriage should be a limited term contract. You should have to renegotiate every 2, 5, 7, or 10 yrs...
Somewhere in China Right Now, a Factory is Retooling, Preparing to Modify Thousands of "Biden Harris" Signs for the US Market to "Death to Biden Harris" Signs for the Tehran Market
To get her show back ELLEN must eat a lot of beans every day and audibly fart during her show and rename the show Smellen.
Time machine Google Earth with a slider to see changes in a region.
Buy a gift card for a local restaurant or pet store and give it to an out of work neighbor
Deep fake of Brokeback Mountain with Frodo and Sam
Progressive Farm in Chaz Seattle
A deep fryer that doesn’t stink up your whole house
A website called nofundme.com where people give you zero money to do something. Just moral and emotional support.
If you want to know what your native language sounds like to people who don’t speak it, listen to audio of spoken words over and over and over again until you get jamais vu and can only hear the sounds.
Android feature to undo swiped away notifications
There are a constant number of cops, regardless of how much crime there is. This is a small number of cops. Adjust laws to be more or less strict depending how much work those cops have to do.
All drugs should be legal then people could do moderate amounts of everything without getting addicted and building up a tolerance to one or two.
Stores should start IDing people when they buy Trix cereal and refuse to sell it to anyone over 17.
Bikini Wax Museum
Put up warning signs at the Golden Gate Bridge letting suicide jumpers know their legs will shatter when they hit the water and they’ll drown while in agonizing pain.
Impractical Jokers but with random people doing the stunts since everyone recognizes the main 4 by now
Baby shark is the most watched video. We must knock it off, put it in its place.
Maybe we could send sound backwards in time.
We should all storm Jeff Bezos's mansion
Commit crime and hire the best lawyer and mental health expert to get you off by saying you have a rare condition which means you don't understand responsibility, morality or crime
All social media platforms accept no political advertising money for two months before and one month after an election.
To encourage mask wearing, models who sell used panties should now sell masks that have been worn over their nether regions for a day. I don't know about you but I wouldn't mind wearing that mask. (Even though in my country the situation is fine and we don't need to wear masks)
Movie where a school class goes to a Mexican restaurant and get food poisoning except one student foresees it and saves a few of them of this grizzly fate - then the Greek God of farts slowly hunts them down causing them to embarrassingly poop in public.
We put a poison capsule inside every single elected politician. If their approval rating drops below 40% poison is released and they fucking die.
Let half of prisoners go and use the pther half of prisons as hotels
To have a place where you can tell your experiences whether they are good or bad, divide them into categories, and learn from people's mistakes even how they made them. Sounds good, doesn't it?
Everyone should go to DC
A secret part-time job where you get paid to scare people who sneak into abandoned buildings.
In 2020, let's get rid of calling and texting capabilities of phones and go back to the pony express so we can appreciate how great instantaneous communication is.
Spotify should show the lyrics and the genre of a song so we can understand every word and know what genre we like
A family-style sitcom but it's about dinosaurs. Let it air for 4 seasons.
Smart pool table with online multiplayer and AI vs. modes, uses advanced precision magnets so ball movements are mimiced and replicated exactly the same on each player's table during their game in real time, while preserving the physics and feel of the original game.
Racism would be different if people came in calico pattern or with spots
Criminals that steal should have everything they own sold at auction to pay victims, and from then on they have to keep receipts and documents for every they subsequent possession to show that they obtained it legally.
Reddit: Beside every post, on the top right corner, there should be a count of times it has been posted and reposted on Reddit. Then there should be a new sort feature to pull only new ones or the most reposted ones.
In addition to upvotes, show what percentage of Reddit or saw a post
A swipe lock option, so people can't see your private shit when you hand your phone to them to show a picture
Arrested development is a prequel to Ozark.
Eliminate portrait versus landscape. Make all paper and screens square.
Fluff Remover - A button that removes annoying unnecessary text from any web page and keeps only the most important text that you need.
Nostalgia the game
Is there some condition in which a person doesn't have the ability to taste (like doesn't have taste buds or something)? If so, the only thing important to them is the texture... (as I imagine that someone unable to taste food would also be unable to smell)
The NSA should be in charge of disbursing stimulus payments as they would have the knowledge not to screw up amount of dependents people had
All of the celebrities who have been "cancelled" for saying crazy things should get to play 'Cards against Humanity' and whoever wins is the leader
Start gathering unbiased stats on race in a city and its suburbia, then sit down two willing people from each demographic in one room to have a recorded discussion on why things are the way they are. Post a youtube video for each city’s discussion.
It would be awesome for Keanu Reeves and Tom Cruise to have an epic paintball battle and could raise money for charity
Make a doomsday vault containing at least 2 of every animal species, call it something like Noah's Second Ark
We should bring back full plate knight armor for police to safely disarm knife wielders
what if we havent seen much aliens cuz in the intergalactic court they got a restraining order on our barbarian species not to come within 10 lightyears of them
Soap that changes color to show how much bacteria you've washed off.
Cops should pay a few citizens to flash people with their headlights while they drive even if there are no cops to reduce speeding
Gogurt but instead of Yogurt, It's Peanut Butter
Ice-cream vans should replace their awful, outdated chimes with 90 &amp; 00's trance and anthems
A reward system for those drivers who fully obey traffic laws. It would encourage safer driving.
When someone tailgates you in a city, slow down just enough to trap them behind a red light while you cross at yellow.
printing a faint picture,color over it and have a copy of the drawing that's nearly the same to the original
An find my phone app that searches for open networks when there is no cellular signal.
Just go around to local gas stations and restaurants and get TP for your bunghole
A pulse monitor wrist watch that plays the curb your enthusiasm song when you die.
What if we made this a popular sport?!
Force everyone to have at least 1 year of military service
YouTube should do a survey of your age when you subscribe to a new channel to determine what the limits for monetization(swearing and all) for the individual channels
Get a crowd of a million people, as well as newspeople, to watch someone eat pop rocks and drink soda, in order to prove that the myth is false.
Eyes Cream
Instead of normal euthanasia, allow the receiving patient to hire a hitman and have fun playing hide and seek with the hitman
A full length film, except it’s just the worst ever shaggy dog joke.
A normal episode of Bones, only the male characters only say "penis", and the female characters only say "vagina"...
Presenting...the "laptop leg"
Anyone who runs for Congress or President must transfer all assets to the Treasury.
Let’s all be really productive if we get told to work from home due to Covid-19. This way, our employers will be more receptive to the idea in the future
Use a neural network to synthesize the 3000+ submissions for the new Mississippi state flag, and use whatever the result is
Like him or hate him, we need to protect Trump from getting Covid-20
So am I the only one who wants to quit the bullshit and all the governments to fall already so we can live the life like video games - raiding, stealing, doing bounties, etc?
There should be a division of stock car racing where the cars drive in reverse.
Redesign the Confederate flag. Get rid of the plain stars and replace them with the Star of David and then give Alabama to the Jews as a little something for their troubles.
Design a collection of business pyjamas for people who want to feel as comfortable in the office as they do working from home
Instead of tearing down statues let's inundate public spaces with superfluous ones. The General Robert E. Lee statue will be surrounded by a memorial to the California Raisins.
A Swimming Pool Surface Hologram of a Sandbox Texture: Endless Source of Laughs as you Tell your Friends it’s Really Sand!
Start a conspiracy theory that Qanon is actually an Epstein connected pedophile ring trying to keep law enforcement from looking into them
Disney should make an R-rated "TRON" movie
A Japanese Social Payment App Called "¥enmo" (Yenmo)
John Carpenter's "The Thing", except it's an HBO Mini-Series that is "Game of Thrones" style, spanning multiple kingdoms/civilizations.
JoJo’s Bizarre Adventure but in the eyes of the villains
Dell Inspiron 3584 Laptop
When a company wants to release a new phone, 2/3rds of the population must agree that it is a significantly better phone than the last otherwise they’re not allowed to make it.
A reboot of kolchak the night stalker
Make Star Wars games the same way Nintendo makes Mario games: Star Wars kart, Star Wars brawl, Star Wars maker, Star Wars tennis, Star Wars run, Star Wars Battle Royale, Star Wars vs Capcom, Assassin’s creed: Star Wars edition, and most importantly... Star Wars Tetris.
Tax churches
Outlaw public queefs
Side panels for desktop pc's that work as screens
A book...made of cheese. Each time you turn the page , you rip it off and eat it. Tasty and knowledge-imducing!
Instead of the simple warning tones normally sent with an Amber alert your phone should play Amber by 311 instead
FRIENDS but everyone has chandler’s sarcasm.
Take someone on Jerry Springer on April fools day but not actually have a scandal.
A way to share contact info by shaking hands.
A TV series set in the Harry Potter universe about the adventures of Rubeus Hagrid before joining the teaching staff at Hogwarts
Paypal me money
They should play Funiculi Funicula to the Chestburster Scene
Use missiles to seed the American air with marijuana smoke so everyone can stop to get to know each each other and ask more philosophical questions for a day.
College students fund Bernie's campaign with student loans and then he clears the debt when he wins presidency.
Today we have a 4k shot from our Rebel SL3 at Waterfordfalls NB Canada.
a restaurant where all the food is cooked by trained animals and theres no humans in the place other than customersAn action RPG where you play Madame Judy, a hand puppet in a Mr. Rogers-esque children's show, and go on a covert mission to avert nuclear war with the muppets from a Sesame Street-like show.
Free Adoption Days...
A standardized computer IQ test, and a score, for everyone. If you have a high score, you get to talk to tier 2 directly when calling tech support.
Have Google subtly show you movies/music/tv shows that your friends and family like so that it brings you together without even realize it.
A big budget live-action adaptation of The Wild Thornberrys with realistic CGI animals, similar to The Lion King. Cast Jessica Chastain as Marianne, Gerard Butler as Nigel, Mackenzie Foy as Debbie &amp; an unknown actress as Eliza. With the same humor &amp; heart as the original series, but more suspense.
All religions need an update.
New graphic novel: Hansen vs Alien vs Predator
An switch to block all USA related or from USA citizens posted content
New TV network launches with single show, with each subsequent season creating a. exponensial tree of new series that are spinoffs of it's parent series, until a singular catastrophic event turns the network into a weird 8 hr long homogenous clusterfuck of intersecting plots.
Start answering questions like "are you X or Y?" as yes-no questions.
Just build a "New Berlin" for the Nazis and white supremacists, in the sticks and then just leave them to thier own devices
Police should be spraying hand sanitizer instead of tear gas.
Ambulance services should use a hearse so the family can follow them through red lights.
News channels/sources should not be allowed to put the ethnicity of anyone in the news story.
Roll an office chair around with you and sit instead of standing when you have to wait for something.
Nice way to make holograms
A Pixar movie with a Pixar theme, scored entirely by Slayer.
A movie based thousands of years ago about some ancient civilization with a type of modernish technology that was dragged to the depths of the ocean when the giant ice walls collapsed
I came up with a theory to capture the black hole!
Instead of recycling just lift (some) sanctions from the North Korea and sell it all the waste. No matter how polluted they will become nobody of their citizens will dare to complain, while their elits will profit from accepting the waste.
Street lights
An alarm clock that wakes you up by macing you
stretch christmas over a whole week so santa wont have to rush to all the houses in 1 day and might have time to bring more presents
Found an international norming association for the English language include the largest dictionary producers (e.g. Webster, Oxford, etc) and norm English writing
A porn film called "Cum Fu Panda". *This time there really is a secret ingredient in the noodles!*
What if women had their nipples as a weapon
Hey here's a crazy idea!, Everyone go back to minding thier own business! lol
Upload videos of people chasing and biting others. Claim it's the virus' next stage.
How about people are allowed to change their name every 3 years until they are 18, at which point they pick their forever names.
Hey I'm no psycho but...
McDonalds should have super rare gold collectables in random large orders, and call them McGuffins
A Raid that smells good to insects so it attracts them to the poison
Make a JoJo’s Bizarre Adventure theme park and call it Stand Land.
Everyone going to protest should dress in unmarked police uniforms.
Moving A Lot of People to End All Wars
An AI that gets teached by deleted and reported, but not deleted messages, which ranks post from 1, for not problematic at all to 5(or 10) for very problematic/ offensive
Encourage the Simpson’s authors to start writing crazy positive scenarios, so that our future will be brighter when their predictions come to pass.
People age proportionally to their eventual total lifespan. People who die young age quickly and vice versa so everyone goes through all life stages. So you could get a good guess at how long you were going to live by how long it takes you to physically change.
Medical Cruise Ships
The Nerd: Are you ready for some action? Some Action 52? I suppose so, because I get requests for this game all the time.
Make and sell USPS mail trucks to regular people for everyday use
Listen up gamers, the world is ending. Let's become doomsday survivalists and secure a way to play together after societal collapse while also building our bunkers.
Make a reddit gold downvote where u pay to remove someone’s gold
Deep Learning to upscale The Star Wars Holiday Special.
Where to go from here?
Starbucks should put people's names on their bottled frappuccino like coke, but spell it wrong.
Formula EVERYTHING Racing
Enact a law that requires companies to pay you for your personal data upfront.
In formal debates, TURN OFF THE MIC of the non-speaker.
Make a new Jingle All The Way movie, but instead of a Turbo-Man doll, it's a PlayStation 5
An app called "churning"
There should be a strip club in Dallas called The Grassy Knoll.
Mass produced budget vehicle.
Any law thats supported by unusually many of people of some religions but not others, should be counted as a religious law (separation of church and state) even if it doesn't mention religion
A new way for auto insurance
Program to convert a movie script into a basic movie
Instead of saying 'You look like you got hit by a truck', say 'You look like you're dating Amber Heard'
Pringles popcorn - once you pop you can’t stop!
Have a pandemic just to teach people how to wash their hands properly
Keep the karma feature, but omit showing the karma of a post or comment.
Best 10 HP Laptops In Cheep Price
Legalize weed
Pretend everything is a hoax, until hoaxes mean nothing.
There should be an act break in movie theaters so people can go to the bathroom and stretch their legs
Disney should remake their bad movies and try to again to make them good.
Disney should make a live action Hercules remake starring Danny Devito as Phil and Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson as Hercules.
Create a "National Guard" of medics and nurses that is mobilized during pandemics
Have a Majoras mask parody counting down to september 20th where the moon crash is TikTok getting banned.
Have auto races with vans, but pit stops allow you to do maintenance only with things that were already in the van at the beginning of the race (fuel, tires, pit crew, etc.).
A game with a cheat code so powerful you can beat it in less than 1 second
Super Smash Bros, but it's 70s/80s action movie heroes/heroines
The Best and Worst Execution Method...
Invent an electric nose hair trimmer that slices through the boogies.
Need top quality treatment and hospital facilities during pandemic? Be the first to have the disease and use all the resources, before they are over.
My friends idea
When Mitch McConnell dies, make his grave a tourist attraction that people can piss on for $10. Eliminate America’s debt within the year.
A game of pingpong.
Everyone should dress up as crusaders on Halloween of this year, in an attempt to take back the holy land.
A messaging app that allows you to see what the other person is currently typing
Attach button rivets to the side of your face for my comfy face mask wearing.
Introduce seniors and retirement communities to streamers on Twitch and Youtube. It'll provide another outlet to let them connect with the world (any hobby like gaming, gardening, woodworking, etc.) and give channels with less viewers more people to interact with.
You can play all the latest games in full 4k max settings as long as you have a fast enough internet, by using the power of the server's GPU's
The debate stays the exact same except each candidate gets a button that can mute the opponent
Four words.
Connect around 10 Semi Truck Trailers together to form a "TRUCK TRAIN" ; Watch the Highway Mayhem occur!!
Everyboy who has had a sexual relation stops having sex until they get tested for VIH
Trick someone into thinking there is a fire in order to clear a room without breaking the law
Instead of assuming by default that everyone on reddit is Male unless otherwise specified, let's start using she/her/hers by default &amp; see how everyone reacts to that.
Imagine the saddest scene from a movie or TV show you can think of. Have that scene performed entirely by sock puppets.
Take the guns from the police and give them to the drive through workers
Cops should be held more accountable and open about what they do on the job
Invest billions into truth serum and lie detector technology, purge the government of those with ill intent
You could totally bring back dueling with flare guns.
Let's put timers on traffic lights.
Answer your phone almost exactly the same way your voicemail message sounds
nuke the coronavirus
Make a reddit "stock market," where you can "invest" reddit coins in subreddits, and the value of your return is based on the popularity of the subreddit on any given day.
A subreddit where anything, and I mean anything, goes and there are no rules.
Require scientists to create a conspiracy style video explaining their paper in order to get published
Get Bryan Cranston on Hot Ones, since he lost his sense of smell and taste.
Every article should have 3 versions and appropriate version will be shown based on the reader's level in the article's topic - beginner, intermediate, advanced.
Reddit does not need mods. We do not need to be babysat by mod teams that are predominately made of adolescence kids who abuse their mod powers daily.
Now that most ppl working from home, should reddit change the NSFW to NSFWFH
Create a new section in the police department that investigates only porch pirates
Make a door handle that constantly secretes dirt/mud, so anyone who uses the door is forced to wash their hands afterwards.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton should have a child together, share custody, each one teaches the child their own views from birth.
Poll for qanon and parler: When the truth is realized and all the voites are counted and trump remains president on 1/21/21, would you support changing the name to "The Republican States of America"?
What if we made shoes that had a soft sock-like covering inside so you didn't have to wear socks?
A video game where teams of ice gladiators use sticks to fight over an object.
Zero-security helmet. Motorcyclists want to look badass but stupid laws require them to wear silly helmets. So instead, create a helmet that barely meets the security requirements (or doesn’t) but looks badass.
A restaurant where the tacos scream. Like human sounding screams and pleading cries for mercy.
Put BBQ Sauce in your ashtray so everytime you put out a smoke it smells like BBQ
Worst person nominations, know someone so unbearable they could be the worst person/top hundred worst people in your country, nominate the person, the country votes on them, the worst people get punishments.
Make beer pong an olympic sport.
Create a "confusing perspective" sub for AI's to post perplexing images so humans can help them learn.
Make Reddit karma finite. Each user only gets so much on sign up and has to decide how to use and aquire it.
Dvrs that don't record the commercials (don't if it's different outside the u.s.)
A Super Mario game where no jumping is allowed.
Instead of shitty filler arcs, anime should just pick a popular AU fanfic and make that (Paying the author a writing fee).
Co-working space on cruises
Clue, except you try to figure out who the father is. The DNA results are in a sealed package.
an ELI5 version of wikipedia
Real infection🤔
Everyone google "why is my pee red" at 6:00 PM GMT on December 01. Confuse the hell out of search algorithms (this is copied and im trying to spread the message)
We should create a Bible Anime
Prisons could fill their empty cells with AirBNB
Convince Trump supporters that voting for Kanye is actually the Trump campaigns way to “destroy” the Democratic Party. Run two field campaigns that if any voters are identified as hard Trumps supporters then the 2nd campaign sends in “Team Ye”
A casino except chips are free, only cost is a small entry fee
Loot crates for hoarders
Joe Biden should also use "Make America Great Again" and sell blue hats
Grow your hair out on one side and shave the top of your head so you can deliberately go for the comb over look.
Samsung Galaxy A20 Review
Since everything is so crazy right now anyway, maybe now would be a good time to switch to the metric system.
Reverse Reddit Gold. Somebody say something stupid? Give them Negative Gold, taking away one of their Gold Points.
excluding unnatural deaths, what if the amount of time lived is the same for everybody, and the age you die at is entirely dependent on how long you've been conscious for.
Netflix should have a category for films/shows that are about to be removed, and let people vote if they want it to stay
An app that hides political posts so you can get a break.
Reddit, create an award that costs 0.000005 of one coin.
Venom as other things
Filling up a city garbage can with Dairy Queen Blizzard and watching the confused faces of the garbage men as the dump truck flips it upside down and nothing comes out
Tax by Result not my Money
Fill fire extinguishers with gasoline
All table legs, couch feet, and baseboards should come with soft padding, of a matching color, so nobody can stub their toes.
Cops should get to retire one week before their retirement
So apparently Donald Trump absolutely hates and is humiliated by the mashed potato story from when he was younger. It would be a shame if everyone started tweeting him about it.
Foul allowing sports
Have actual parrots dub all the voices from the movie Rio
Fill the ice cube dispenser in your fridge with gummy bears so you can have a cold gummy bear dispenser
Make hollow glass orbs inside a vacuum so that when you bring them outside, they float, like permanent bubbles.
It’s big brain
There should be a a game kind of like chess-boxing except it’s chess-political debate. You argue with someone about politics and then use that anger and frustration in the ring.
Create a race to see who can uncoil a ball of tiny magnets the quickest. Video in description.
Reddit should give everyone 99 coins so they can't do anything with it.
Show like America's Got Talent, but instead of performers, people do an educational presentation on an interesting topic of their choosing.
Make DMT part of the prison system.
Start manufacturing ‘biscuit callipers’ so you can measure how long shortbreads are.
Instead of pulling down statues, protesters should be free to rotate polemic or satirical art installations to acompany them.
A musical greeting card that plays the "Rick Roll" song when you open it.
Fight the president
A fragrance brand where all available scents are designed to be mixed together to create one unique scent.
Painting for one million dollars?
Give hallucinogens to presidential candidates, put them in a boxing ring, stream it on Twitch. They must debate while fighting. Do it on Groundhog’s Day for a more accurate prediction of spring based on who gets KO’d. If there’s 6 more weeks of winter, skip Daylight Savings to make up for it.
Have New England take Old England’s spot in the European Union
A comic book where instead of drawings it's real pictures of actors
The best way to get unbiased news is to watch both Fox News and CNN to balance it out
Seltzer water fountains.
Change the color for the republican party from red to orange.
Charge any cop that doesn't announce their presence with attempted murder
A subreddit for videos of pets giving that "WTF" look at their owners when they are doing something they don't understand
We should all get together as a planet and fight these fires in Australia instead of all these air strikes and retaliations or soon the last man standing will be standing on nothing.
Let youtube subtitles show up as an overlay on your desktop and games.
Have 2 people who want to do MMA, fight each other with no training, and set them each up with a popular coach or fighter, and have the same people fight each other every 3 months to see how much they learn.
UberEats but they kidnap the cook from the restaurant and force him to make the food at your house so it’s fresh.
I will draw your christmas pet portrait
Having a hard time finding a man but you have a stalker? Why not just marry that guy? He'll wipe your ass, he'll cook for you, he'll beat up a 10 year old for you!
Auto translating posts in foreign languages so I can laugh at all the funny German memes
Killing all the Jews
Allow your gaming console or TV to be connected to Bluetooth speakers.
Virtual travel
Somebody had the idea of The Beachstie Boys, a mix between the Beach Boys and Beastie Boys. After toiling over every possible combination... I made it.
We should bring back throwing fruit at prisoners in stocks as a from of punishment
We do Pokemon battles but use humans instead of Pokemon or the upgraded version, we do the whole Pokemon journey but we are the ones being captured by Pokemon
If running water &amp; plumbing are among the minimal living standards required in homes, a home gym should be a minimal requirement that every home is equipped with too.
A movie where you never see the main actors face, not due to a mask, but simply their face is never on camera. Back is turned, or over the shoulder or POV. Actor emotes physically only.
Dems propose taxing individuals making more than $250k year pay a $1,000 Entitled Covid Jerk tax on plane tickets for non essential U.S. domestic air travel.
Each statistic reported in a research study should include a “distance from data (dd)” number that tabulates the number of mathematical transformations from actual data that were applied to produce the statistic.
Case for a phone case
Money is merely fuel for this time machine we call life.
Fines for moving violations, such as speeding, should take into account the mass of your vehicle
Don't call Gen Z'ers "zoomers", call us "zetards" instead.
All insta users logged out at the same time worldwide!!!
Chip babies like they do for dogs and cats, that way if they ever go missing or lost during their lives they can be trackedHow dare you
Revamp all of the coal power plants to burn wood and then collect wood from all the forests that are burning down right now.
Use rubber tree sap to form a ring of fire around your house. Grab a metal pole (preferably stainless steel or vanadium) and brandish it like a sword to ward off trespassers. Mount a miniature cannon on your dog for extra intimidation.
During the month of January, I listened to over 800 songs that were posted to Reddit by independent musicians. Whenever I ran into one that blew me away, I added it to this playlist! I'd love to share it here with anyone interested.
Make all lawyers register in a central database and assign them randomly to the parties in each court case while prohibiting lawyers to offer their services outside of this system.
For the next Superbowl rickroll everyone at halftime.
Make me reddit admin for 1 day with unlimited delete/ban powers
That people learn the difference between reporting and journalism.
Name your daughter 'Swasteeka', with like a redneck accent
Replace the word Billionaire with Money Hoarder.
Get more people to read books by writing an award winning novel, waiting for the movie to be released, and then write a sequel and a prequel that undoes things added to the movie
Make a special pillow for sleeping
Movie companies should use deepfake technology to sync up lip movement when a film is dubbed into a different language.
A reporter should ask Trump about the new trade deal he negotiated with Wakanda
Modern Apex Predator Gameshow
Consider everyone to be an employee of every business at a pay rate of $0/hour (a few make more)
Find the cure/vaccination for coronavirus, then patent it and let no one use it.
Increase the number of judges on the Supreme Court to a minimum of 50.
Daylight saving but instead of going one hour forward we go 25 hours forward
The first result when you search on Bing should be a link to the Google search results.
People should dress in cyberpunk or post-apocalyptic costumes when outside durring coronavirus social distancing policies. I think it would add to the atmosphere in a fun way.
A reverse microwave that cools down your food and drinks in a matter of seconds
Invent a time machine, kidnap an emperor penguin, go to 221 BC China and establish the penguin as the emperor of the Qin dynasty.
A Marvel what-if comic wear Harambe didn't die.
A big bag of Skittles, but each Skittle is individually wrapped.
Every diabetic who doesn't have adequate Insurance to pay for their insulin, to move to Within 10 miles of the Mexican border, so that they have Access to cheaper insulin.
Start a boxing league where you match up Democrats and Republicans with similar weight and skill levels and let them duke it out.
All the streaming sites (Netflix, primevideo etc) should donate a part of their extra subscriptions happening due to the quarantine to the respective country's relief fund
Suppose marriage by business became the norm again.
A Software or an app that translates music in different languages with same voice
A popular pvp game where they post small/bigger balancing changes regularly but secretly never change anything. A social experiment on whether people still call OP on things.
the more people who get covid, the less people will need a vaccine since having a disease normally builds immunity to it, so there will be more vaccines left for others
A bumper sticker that's says: This SUV is not a stolen motorcycle
Looking for a pen pal
The current Karma policy of Reddit rewards posts or comments. It's the equivalent of rewarding a good speaker. What if we also had Karma that rewards how well someone engages with Reddit as a lurker, the equivalent of rewarding a good listener.
The Daytona 5000
Make an eyepatch with a blinding light on one side so you can immediately regain sight in dark and bright areas (or use it as a flashlight)
A cement mixer full of fresh guacamole and a dump truck full of tortilla chips.
We build a massive Beverly-Clock-style generator.
Crazy idea. - We put as much effort into Climate Change as we do the coronavirus.
Swap the geographical locations of Japan with America, but retain their current situations
A combination garbage collection /mobile espresso truck, to motivate people like me on garbage day.
Why don’t people stop using toilet paper, just spray water then rub it then wash your hands
Throw away all of your socks and buy a hundred packs of one brand so you'll never have a mismatch again.
A death penalty sentence will face a mandatory vote by all 18+ state citizens. If 67% agree the execution will air on TV in the state, viewing is mandatory for those that voted “for”, and they are placed in a raffle for executioner, with their identity made public. State officials watch in person.
It should be made compulsory to add the link if you are posting a meme using porn template.
Make a bluetooth speaker that's also a dildo so you could feel your favorite music vibrate inside you
Chexmix but without the pretzels
Unclickbait, that scares away the viewers with humble titles.
Private property is not absolute
Catch the swarming locusts and use them for something productive
Wake up tomorrow and realize that you are, in fact, God.
A live wallpaper on a phone that's just flashing lights so that epileptic people can't access it
A movie that's different each time you watch it.
A casual restaurant chain w/ amazing food called Go Fuck Yourself. The wait staff tellsevery customer "here's your food and go fuck yourself." Poaching the best waiters from competing restaurants, who work there exclusively to be able to tell customers to go fuck themselves, it's a huge success.
If you create a reddit community that has more than 10K members (or even 1K) you get premium
Hazard lights which look different to indicatorsSpray liquid ass in all public places so people have to wear a face mask.
If a organization that's been deemed a cult in multiple countries can do it, we should have multiple individual lawsuit on Trump administration, congressmen, senators and other government officials into compliance with the attacks on our normal daily infrastructure and attacks on our postal system.
Make those disposable plastic mesh bags that avocados come in out of PLA filament so they can actually be recycled/repurposed into something else.
Plant a tree over every grave to lessen our carbon footprint
Abolish all political parties and force all candidates to run as independents.
Netflix should have a year end wrapped like Spotify
The ability to take away someone's Reddit award by paying the same amount as the award
A subreddit for the last people on earth to communicate during the apocalypse.
Netflix should A/B test different versions of the same show across their audience
At some point people will be studying tweets and youtube videos in history class.
Every November 1st supermarkets play "All I Want for Christmas is You" nonstop for two months, but it's a metal cover instead of Mariah Carey.
Liquidate the Catholic Church
Hire two professional cleaning crews, each cleaning your house bi-weekly but a single day apart. The second crew is forced to try and clean a spotless place
Parenting licences
How to revitalize bee populations and make help the usps
Reddit Best Friend: U should be able to find ur Best Friend on Reddit, Ur Reddit Best Friend will be a redditor who follows all or most of communities u follow.
Lenovo V15 (AMD) Laptop
Any governor that legalizes marijuana gets 1% of annual tax revenue from weed sales for remainder of term.
A Terminator game that lets you play as the T-1000 and shapeshift
Could a USB Stethoscope be developed? So that a doctor could listen to their patient’s lungs remotely through an app?
Invent a PC that works by shovelling coal into it
Group chat join
Paint a town white.
Uber and FEDEX merge to begin shipping people and Chipotle and giving rides to boxes and products.
Cross country racing, but full contact. No rules except no biting and no face/groin shots
If you are a terrorist, you choose a victim, that victim plays minesweeper. If they click a bomb, the bomb you planted explodes. Every 25 points they get is a chance to play again without exploding the bomb.
People should show up to protests armed.
Sending one dollar to a stranger on CashApp with no other information $andrewpew123
Birthdays in 2020 shouldn’t count towards your age
make a national low-class dog mutt show
Speed limit signs for railroad crossings. So you don’t go over one doing 50mph and get 20 feet of air
Pepsi should spin off Mountain Dew and make a lemon lime kombucha and call it Mountain dewcha
Help me get negative karma!
Instead of funding for the internet for the next 20 years, we should fund the creation of a system of worldwide pneumatic tubes.
An app where you can speak with your cat while you're sitting at home
If many Australians have to leave their country because of fires, whichever country is the most accommodating may earn massive positive boost in PR
Nintendo should rebrand Mario Kart as "Nintendo Kart" and include characters from multiple franchises and tracks based off those worlds. Keep the core Mario Kart gameplay the same but expand the content beyond the Mario franchise. Basically like Super Smash Bros. but as a kart racer.
Spotify should allow users to search for music using lyrics (in case you can't remember the name of the song)
A factory owner living in the factory in order to claim all their products are "homemade"Have your registration and car insurance digitally tied to your drivers license. Eliminate the awkward and nervous moment of looking for them, for you and the officer who pulled you over.
Apple and iPad resellers ship slightly used/older iPads to nursing homes and elderly care facilities to establish FaceTime sessions with loved ones, or random ones.
A horror movie set during the Battle of Endor titled Something Wicket This Way Comes
Someone told me they thought "Requiem for a Dream" was bad because it glamorized drugs. Then I found out that person never saw the second half of the movie. That's jsut crazy
Using the burqa or something that resembles it to fight COVID-19
LoFi Death Metal
Have homeless people compete on a game show called “the hunger games”.
Streaming yourself driving for 24 hours with passengers without any bathroom breaks.
Somebody should write a Quarantine Cookbook Filled with recipes that center on the crap your might have left in your house "Hamburger helper without the Hamburger" "How to add canned Tuna to Any Dish" "Ramen Noodles, your best friend since College"
Put worter in freeze to become frorzen
There should be an easier way for popular people to answer questions for AMA's. Like a single button (spacebar) that they could hold down to record themselves, and it would automatically make a 10 second (or whatever) YouTube video directly linked to the question.
Best pet ever
Voltron, but with real lions.
100 comments and I will confess to my crush
Disposable sinks! When the dishes pile up too high, simply remove the sink and throw it all away!
Despite your party preference, watch the impeachment trial on Foxnews website to show viewership is high and we (Americans) are interested in it.
Coronavirus Survivor Show
Now that the government (UK) pays people to stay home, they should volunteer to do shopping for people who can't go out.
Create mod for Half-Life Alyx to record or stream videos in 360° so everyone with the phone or cheap VR could get the experiance
A movie where an innocent but mediocre artist from Vienna is chased by time traveling killers. This man's name: Adolf Heitler. Just a guy who gets constantly mixed up with the other Adolf by semiprofessionals.
International diss track competition where rappers roast the opposing countries leaders
There should be a button on technologic devices that sets the default language always on English when it’s on a foreign language
Ok how about an earth lolipop
A reddit lottery where one person per day automatically gets one post to the front page of reddit, no questions asked.
Domesticated Lions
Replace most Western "leaders" due to lack of proactivity in fighting off Coronavirus as soon as the pandemic ends
Local markets out of toilet paper? Start using adult diapers instead.
To repair the immense damage done to its brand by Coronavirus, Corns beer should develop and market a Coronavirus vaccine.
Tango and cash: the video game
People in colder climates adopt polar bears to help repopulate them like people are doing with tigers.
Donate a negative amount of money to the Trump campaign so they have to send you a check
Start eating a bag of Doritos and stop eating half way through
A pizza place that sells cold pizza and hot
What if the Reddit community bought Fry’s Electronics
Replace nuclear bombs with giant glitter bombs. It causes no death but would be a nightmare to clean up.
Goverment program using machine learning to identify people based only on incomplete information (social media posts).
Cloud based software that is written as an API where users are encouraged to rather than forbidden from creating their own custom UIs.
Reddit should show linked accounts on profiles
Hypothesis: Men who are into older women ("MILFs" in colloquial parlance) were sexualized that way by being around their teachers in grade school.
'Open Air' Protest
Vampires should drink blood from around the small intestine to get the best blood, since that’s where all the nutrients are sucked into it
Make it a point to do one thing you wouldn't normally do per day. Like a bad celebrity impression. Or cooking a dish from a culture you know nothing about. Or taking a bunch of shrooms and watching a sport you normally find boring.
A drone that follows police around and calls them mean names.
Mobile screen with a camera sensor embedded in between the pixels of a screen.
I wonder if there’s a way to make paper straws hydrophobic so that it would actually work
Netflix should do a dating app that matches you with people with the same content tastes.
For every Starbucks cup found on the ground or not in a trash can Starbucks should donate 1.00 to team trees
If the rich and powerful would fuck over the world if it made them money, would they save it if it was the only thing standing between them and the loss of money they'd already made
Reno Tacoma 911 FD
what if i killed myself
Match people up based on how many Reddit coins they have, so they can swap awards back and forth and maximize their free Reddit premium
Suspend the calendar until things cool down
McDonalds launches Mobile Semi-Trailer Trucks on major highways. Trucks have jacks underneath the trailer &amp; drive through windows on either side. Cars match speed along the sides, then lifted up to drive through. Customer detaches by matching speed of truck while tires are lifted before release.
Historical movies where the cast's physical height is roughly representative of the actual height people were back in the times depicted.
Phrases like "I speak X" or "I don't speak X" but they are exactly the same in every language so that you can communicate to others that you cannot communicate with them
If you made a product called "God's touch" that used an alternative administration method (like a jet injector) you could probably convince a lot of anti-vax people to get vaccinated by them not realizing what it was.
Each political party goes to a different country
Release a drug that is marketed as a "Make Vaccines Safe" pill that's actually a placebo, so people get their vaccines.
When someone doesn’t answer a FaceTime call you should be able to leave them a video voicemail.
Buckley's Underarm Deodorant. It tastes awful but it works.
New Rule: After being sworn into office, newly elected Presidents and Vice Presidents have to coordinate wearing 100% matching outfits everyday at all times, until they leave office, no matter what.
The IMF Organization Is The Root Problems Of Almost Every Chaos You Are Seeing In Life
since higgs bosons were found all around us in recent years, and they are not well understood, wear a mask in case they get into your lungs.
There should be a hidden compartment in the money part of a cash register for a gun or taser so that if a store gets robbed they can retaliate
A plan to save rhinos
In the prequels Anakin should’ve had a more tragic path to becoming Darth Vader to justify his last stand for the light side
If you're a true Game of Thrones fan, name your daughter "The Unburnt"True Game of Thrones fans name their daughters "The Unburnt"
Everyone who films vertically on their phone should be forced to have their TV turned permanently vertical in their living room.
An hour long let's play\video game guided tour youtube video of the Arboretum area in the video game Prey(2017) in which the narrator uses the word 'arboretum' organically 258 times. The video ends with plain text saying "Your move, Tim Rogers"
Create a bot account to up-vote your own posts when they are down-voted by pro-Trump bots.
If we discover a quantum realm in real life, we gotta call it the Q-niverse
Browser addon that automatically skips youtube product placement ads based on user submitted times
Attention Deficit redesignation
A movie about a McRib killer who goes on a killing spree every time the McRib comes back
Get weak on crimes like murder and stealing by having cops spend some of that time on victimless crimesI'm looking for minimally-selective groups of people to garner opinions from, could you help?
Make cruise ships useful again!
Google should change it's name to "Nothing but Walmart Home Depot or Amazon results"
Xconstruct
Take people that aren't superstitious and don't believe in ghosts and take them to a haunted place.
Start mass buying popcorn. See if we can get people off toilet paper.
Give your firstborn the name "Juan Pablo Jorge Ringo".
A free airline called "Wing-it" where they raffle seat numbers and whoevers seat gets picked has to fly the plane.
Gummy Beers
Make a dating app that matches you based on your personality type.
With all the gyms closing and all the money governments are swinging around at the moment, it might be worth a massive program of outdoor gym construction. It only costs 2-4k for each one. It might be a decent use of money, and an interesting legacy of these trying times.
Can't get sunburned if you don't have skin.
We should send a help request into deep space
Instead of Mother's and Father's Day, use your birthday to honor your parents.
Replaceable Wardobes
Smartphones should let you continue to listen to music during the tuning part of an outgoing phone call.
Invent a gadget that detects buzzing in your bedroom, it then uses triangulation to pinpoint the exact location of the bug in the air and shoots it down with a laser.
The remaining $1400 of the proposed $2000 US stimulus should go to those who get themselves vaccinated.
Pill-arita Challenge
Turn the UN into a parliament with 1000 MPs, which represent 8 Million people each. Every district should consist of people with similar backgrounds (wealth, similar jobs, political positions, age, ...) from across the world so everyone, minority or not, can feel represented
haha confusion go brrrr
Future time travelers go back in time and abduct medieval peasants and give them a future life.
The genie lottery. You win, you get 3 wishes that the company will fulfill like a genie instead of getting money
Each political party is only allowed to be president once. You have to keep doing new things to stop anyone from accumulating too much power.
Release the documentaries shown in Spider-Man Far From Home on Disney+ for more Marvel content with a smaller budget
World war 3 would eradicate the world. No one wants that. Since memes are so universal, I propose we make WW3 into an epic meme off and the side that has the better memes wins.
No Clothes July.
A game where you play alongside a large number of friendly NPCs. The antagonist is a pair of floating hands wearing a vast array of weapons and creative strategies, and that also keeps respawning over and over again, until you and all your friends are dead.
There should be a YouTube video/series where professional gamers and streamers use office PCs to play so we could see how far an average pc can take you in gaming.
Develop a "cure for death" to help fight the pandemic
A Crossover of Cars and Mad Max
Haventreddit.com - reddit with zero reposts
Invite Taiwan to join the UNComing from a third world country, it’s a long shot but still hoping that after the COVID-19 situation, our government will finally prioritize health services and take better care of our health workers.
An online tool that takes all the awards on a given Reddit post and compares it to the price of the awards to generate a monetary value for the post.
A weaponized magnet that would be so strong it could pull someone apart just from attracting the iron in their blood
Lottery tickets
We should start using the phrase "tight pussy energy" as a counter to "big dick energy" to show the latter phrase is not woke and body shames men.
Allow men to print a picture of their penis an offer of sex on their face mask and to wear it anywhere, to motivate more men to wear face masks.
COVID-19 is just a brilliant marketing tactic for the Resident Evil 3 remake.
When you and a friend keep trying to video call each other at the same time the tech should be smart enough to make the connection and not tell you that the other line is busy.
there should be an option in settings for people learning languages
A phone line that connects ISPs and Modem manufacturers to find out who’s really to blame
Every month, Congress sends out a summary detailing what they got done. And then the people of the US vote on if they should get paid or not for that month
Joe Biden needs a slogan printed on a blue hat
A Show where the script for each episode is written by twitch
Reddit Add-On that hides every instance of the minus symbol so you can be a complete shit head and still feel validated.
Encourage COVID recoverees to donate plasma by giving out free tickets to sporting events if they donate.
The saying goes "No white after Labor Day"... but it's always after Labor Day; So the saying should be "No white ON Labor Day". Both because Labor Day is the only day that isn't after Labor Day, and as an act of solidarity toward blue collar workers, who get dirty so others don't have to.
Ive got a crazy idea about spirituality
Streaming services like Netflix and Amazon could offer quality pornography.
Dentists should sell custom face masks with An X-ray of your teeth
The Matrix would make more sense to me if the humans were enslaved for their brain's computing power instead of "batteries." So the supercomputer IS the networked brains.
CDC director warns of 'impending doom' as Covid-19 cases spike in most states
Australia stops burning and everyone is safe again.
All humans gain one mulligan per 10 years of life that can be used to undo any non-felonious action
A Lion King/Tiger King mashup called Liger King
On YouTube, make it so that when a company claims a video, they can’t make money off of it, they can only take the video down. So they can’t take advantage of YouTubers like they are
English films, dubbed into English, with English subtitles.
We start a fund to pay $1500 reward for reporting cops who belong to hate groups. Payment upon termination.
Video Presentation Challenge
Every friday, lying is a capital offence - but for every question you ask and get an answer to you have to answer a similar question.
Crazy
A posh bedroom microwave. Not a dorm room microwave for ramen. A microwave for warming those lavender-filled neck pillows. I’m calling this the Boudoiwarm.
A reality Show where 10 congressman enter a federal prison, competing to become the most successful gang leader by the end of their sentence
They should make a show Pimp My Ride: Where Are They Now to find all the cars that were on the show.
"This Year in Science Fiction", a site that keeps track of what we were supposed to have invented by now.
A Chicken Simulator
Start a crowdfunding campaign urging SABATON to write and perform a song honoring Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
A bot that fakes autism to see how people treat others
Full contact lasertag
use farts as a social distancing tool in public. "if you can smell my farts then you are too close! "
A blue raspberry Skittle so we can have a rainbow.
Found the Incumbent Party in America
Sell soda cans with codes on them (games, windows serial keys, software). (The thing you're buying is the code, but you get a soda!)
Coordinate with fellow Redditors and buy stocks, then create artificial demand for the stocks causing the price to increase. Sell and cash out once an agreed level of profit is reached.
Create a laser projector and shoot up artificial clouds up in the sky and stream netflix for the whole city
A toy-hand that you can use to crack its knuckles indefinitely
have the freeways open only for people verified going to work from 6am to 9am
Crazy idea for products, I kinda wonder if it would be possible to make it work. But.... essentially, conspiracy theory inspired products. Would it work?
A website like ancestry or 23andme, but for dogs.
A button to remove yourself from group texts
An energy drinks company marketed at the brain games market called “Solutions”
AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Blow job plums. They suck your plums and then you eat theirs.
Subtitles that continually sense other text on screen and adjust around it
Instead of Minimum Wage, implement Maximum Wage!
The reddit app should have access to your microphone so if it hears air coming out of your nose, it automatically upvotes the post you are looking at.
Write a price as "half a dozen dollars", since half a dozen often means 5-7.
Huey Lewis with Sports and Weather
Pay every African American in the US backpay that their enslaved ancestors should have received (in today's dollars)
A firearm that uses small cubic bullets
YouTube should let you elect to watch more ads, the profits of which go to charity
South Korea should just ask North Korea to send 20,000 random people south.
Create a public registry where people who are sure COVID is a hoax can sign a document where they voluntarily refuse all medical treatment related to this 'imaginary' disease
Diet Sugar.
Libraries replace late fees with a compulsory book report on the overdue book
Art Bell After Death
Jan 1st
A public transport system where you pay the ticket by watching ads
Put addictive drugs into toothpaste to get children to bruh their teeth more often
Citizens living under authoritarian governments that abuse human rights stop reproducing so that the governments will no longer have anyone to control, toppling within a generation.
Car makers should put a warning light and/or a chime in cars with automatic headlights that comes on when the headlight switch is turned off but it's dark outside.
A showerthoughts subreddit without so many rules
Youtube should make every video a rick roll in April 1st
A mortal kombat style fighting game with characters from The Boondocks
Challenge: Make a post in every subreddit you are a part of
War should be illegal.
Chess but if you lose, you win
hunters should wear fur jackets
US state Governors call up the national guard to protect protesters from being arrested by Trump's secret police.
Why You Should Choose Project Management - Msys Training?
Genetically engineer a 30 foot tall blob with breasts all over and people pay to use it like a climbing wall
Turning cruise ships that cannot operate right now into makeshift hospitals or housing for homeless people.
GameStop and AMC should team up to make gaming cinemas.
Eating peppers like apples
Cookmymeal - An app to find and hire freelance cooksBreed crane flies and sell them as live cat treats.
On the next debate, they should put voice changer instead of muting the candidate's mic when it's not their time to speak
The government uses extremely nauseating smell in public to enforce lockdown.
Swap the "Statehood" designation of Michigan and the "Us Territory" designation of Puerto Rico. Making P.R. a State and MI a US Territory
Take one day a week to only post comments that will make the OPs feel good.
A subreddit where you ask people to dox you
Divan draw as pull out dog bed? the childs for jokes lol
What if the Corona virus is turning people into zombies?Start a campaign to recruit Coronavirus survivors to help at hospitals - they could be trusted not to get infected or to infect others, and help overburdened medical staff
No more names on election ballots. Write ins only.
Code/write while you walk/hike! Put laptop in backpack, connect headphones, turn on speech recognition and narrator, start walking and talking!
A genre on Netflix called ‘background noise’ with all the shows and movies that you want to watch or listen to without giving your full attention.
Live overlay software for football matches in the festive period so it looks like all the players are wearing Christmas hats
Phones should have an update that will track how many miles you have scrolled on your phone.
Take every Redditor's most downvoted comment or post and automatically post it to r/TheTenthDentist
A custom rom or app that displays 'time' as a spending credit (like cash or coins in games). So that the user feels like to spend it wisely.
Reposts give 50 - 75% of the karma to the original post.
When voting for the president, a choice of NO PRESIDENT, leaving just the representatives per state.
What would happen if there was a Person who didnt care about anything?
Netflix should have a shuffle button
Jobs for the unemployed.
grab women by the consenting pussy
A water bottle with a big tube-straw attached to the side of your bed so you can drink water lying down for when your thirsty in the night
The creators of 'Hannibal' (the one starring Mads Mikkelson) should create a show to display Hannibal in his youth. What created that monster? I would watch!!
Quit wishing to be an Oscar Mayer wiener &amp; become one
New version of Live P.D except instead of police depts picking their best officers to follow, the community votes on which officers get followed
Put the U.N. on a moon base. It might help alleviate some global tensions and make politicians look at the big picture
Mask the ‚rise of the jedi‘ plot as some weird story on r/thathappened and watch r/nothingeveryhappens try to justify every part of it
Website or app that allows you to upload a picture of a person and then searches for porn that includes a person who looks like the one whose picture you uploaded
We should have nurses ride with postal workers in order to do mass testing when a quick test becomes available.
Reorganize the alphabet into qwerty order.
Experimental states to test forms of government
Facebook steals data. Tumblr banned most content. YouTube is going downhill. Fuck it let's start using MySpace again.
Compile r/stonerthoughts for a comedy world tour
An app where all it does is auto play the movie Donnie darko where the date and time in the movie scenes are synced up to real time, starting October 2 and playing out through Halloween
Spotify should have a lil’ mascot dancing animation that adjusts to the bpm of whatever song you are listening to so you can vibe with the lil’ guy.
Helen Collins slavamatveev100
What would happen if we suddenly stopped employing people for labor (because we have robots for that) and started employing people for ideas.
Chug a handle of Hennessy on an empty stomach and log how you feel every 10 minutes.
To make sure we stay six feet from each other, ban men from wearing pants and underwear.
At birth, cut part of the skin of the penis and throw it in the trash
Let’s do a “Reddit national Anthem”
Make a program that actually generates an rpg game with reused assets.
Let nature take its course. Close the hospitals too
A place in the world where every crimes would be allowed
New Year Giveaway!
Audiobook companion that listens in and provides real-time information, makes notes of characters, locations, times, and more
A wesbite that shows stock charts and the real-time market, except the entire design and layout looks like a racetrack and it's showing horses moving around a track
Detroit become human, but it's VR
A reverse laser! It absorbs energy through an aperture and... oh, wait, I just invented solar panels...
The first person to discover a definitive effect of early technology use stunting psychological development in children is going to win a Nobel Prize
Convince K-Pop fans to flood a Prosperity Gospel preacher's number with prank calls, every-time he asks for money on his broadcast.
First aid should be an obligatory class in highschool
Keep posts related to the riots on subreddits related to it so us non-US or even US people not interested don't have to be harrased by it
Call white people what they are: pink. Then white supremacists have to call themselves Pink Supremacists.
Host a radio station where you can call in and sing karaoke over the phone.
Require all News Networks to run an hour of programing every day with zero advertising.
New porn category idea: Seditionist. It's people who throw poorly planned coups to intentionally get fucked by the FBI (or your local equivalent).
A service that matches foot fetishists with people who have feet, specifically for (and only for) foot rubs.
Puppy breathe cologne ™
In the opening of the next debate. Everyone reads celebrity mean tweets about themselves.
An app that notifies you when your battery is at 100% so you don't overcharge it.
With smartphone being so common nowadays, emergency operator should be able to have video call and recording function just so they can use it later as evidence or as a way to help the victim better.Create alternative subreddits for people with multiple personality disorders. For example: r/todayWeLearned, r/WeAreA, r/explainitlikeWeArefive, r/WeAreatotalpieceofshit, etc...
A setting on a dryer just for warming, not drying.
Anyone else think that this would be helpful?
H8Fkr: Similar to an OkCupid-type dating app, asking questions about your personality, but you match with the people who have very opposing ideals and you hate-f**k.
Disband The US Federal Government
GTA VI is taking a long time to develop because the final release won't be compatible with any gaming console.
Donate blood- get a free Coronaviris at home test kit.
Have countries send soldiers to raid each other's pizza shops instead of war
Make a gun that shoots out guns with parachutes
With inflation how it is, we should bring back the $500 and $1000 bills with updated security features. Make the features ridiculous though, like symbols that only appear under a blacklight or a plastic strip that tracks the position of the sun in DC on July 4th. Spare no expense. Go nuts.
"Ass cReddit" - a subreddit for people who don't read so well, but want to ask questions.
Coma-cation - Hear me out... medically induced to fit your needs.
Put a cannon on the Moon that shoots garbage into the Sun.
Create a list of all Reddit users who post Rickroll links, so that those of who are tired of that shit can block them all.
Now Judges, Lawyers, Politicians and Doctors are saying "yeah, pot was fine all along, oooopsie." and over the decades all those people suffered for no reason?
Glassblowers should call their projects “blowjobs”
Game shows without sad introductory life stories of contestants.
Instead of making live-action remakes Disney could do 360-degrees animated remakes of their cartoons
YouTube should display a brief LIKE, COMMENT, SUBSCRIBE reminder after every video so that every YouTuber doesn't waste 30 seconds of time saying the same thing in overly dramatic fashion.
Select two states, one becomes an independent country run by the Democratic party, and one is run by the Republican party
Make a tshirt with a pocket that’s made out of microfiber so that you can wipe your glasses there instead of the shirt in case you don’t have one with you.
A new president can reinstate the conviction/sentence of someone pardoned by the previous president.
Plot the recent location data from corona patients' cell phones on a map and publish it on the web.
Robot arms that can give you a hug when you need one.
A subreddit for people from smaller/less global countries to post their local television programmes
For the worst offenders, make prison a big budgeted personalized ironic hell.
An app that stops the noise from your microwave when it finishes cooking, for when you're too lazy to get up and open it.
UN headquarters at an Island
Make the colors of the upvote and downvote buttons customisable
Reinstate the death penalty, but only for cops who get off on brutalizing civilians
Adding a 'watched/didn't watch' sorting option on YT channels
Start going everywhere in a wheelchair
Explore other binaries like dedication/exploitation, temporary/permanent, and so on..
Reddit should create an Australian themed award and donate all proceeds of purchases to the wildfires
How digital signage helps attract more customers and increase sales on the Gas Station?
Alcoholics should be able to give up the ability to purchase alcohol for a period of time.
Economical vertical farm.
A taxidermy service that turns your dead husband’s penis into a dildo
Project DAMI a better future for humanity
Get a toy (or real) lightsaber and continually wave it around to keep your personal defensible space while in public.
Microrepresentation: Allow a voter to delegate his or her vote to a small voting bloc rep (bloc of 25 people or less)All other countries let Iran and the US sort their mess out one on one so it doesn't become a new world war
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Seek, a movie about a guy that takes a special formula that makes him stalk people.
(nsfw) Use the same video editing techniques used in this wholesome non-sexual video, to make unusual Porn videos.
Everyone with an unsecured loan should just stop paying it, immediately
Hide a milk dispenser up your ass so that you can enjoy a nice frothy milk at sporting events.
Ban all names and personal information from all applications so the best candidate gets accepted
Remake a Tony Hawk game for 2020 and choose American Wasteland
Get your car trunk legally defined as a morg for when cops ask why there's dead bodies
Reality in my perspective
Grocery stores announce that they have hidden 5 packs of toilet paper somewhere in the store. Watch people tear the store apart.
Swap downvote and upvote buttons' location for April Fools
Instead of wearing a mask tomorrow, find a live owl and attach it to your face using duct tape
Put on local elections ballots whether to pardon local offenders for bum raps
Compilation of useful Business / Trading Telegram channels
Ellen should add a recurring segment to her show where she surprises an "Ellen" crew member and with big prizes or a living wage
Drink every time Murdoc yells “MacGyyyyyyver!”
What if the big store brands hired master architects to make stunningly beautiful buildings for them?
Start saying “Kobe” when you miss shots
Joe Biden should hire Alex Baldwin, Trevor Noah and a few other Trump impersonators. Then spend five hours a day developing a kick-ass Trump imitation to use when they debate.
Docuseries about nature and life on earth but they overlay a CGI human to scale so everyone appreciates the size of animals compared to us.
Instead of chokeholds or knees, the police should tickle suspects into submission.
Require the justice department to be independently led by the opposite political party of whoever is president.
Companies should find a way to save the water decades boiled off in the salt manufacturing process
A Political Party that Resigns After Accomplishing its Goal
Every road of the city should have an overbridge skateboarding/waveboarding /pedestrian corridor
Heres a crazy idea...im going to give people a FREE $10
Will you go on a spending spree in this holiday season to make yourself feel better before 2020 ends?
Herbert Two-ver
This year would be the perfect time to make a new zombie movie
Football and hockey helmets should have a little popup indicator that triggers just below the impact threshold for concussion. Players then have to leave the game for a rest.
We should pick and fake "panic buy" a specific small, inconsequential item from drug stores and grocery stores to confuse the news and economists.
We should be able to give our Karma as a reward to other Redditors.
Demonetize YouTube to cut down on clickbait and idiots.
Being able to program your body to absolve X amount of nutrients.
Machine Learning AI to convert anime to live action
Pick two judges and auction their freedom: the low bidder spends 17 years in jail. Use the average to work out fair compensation for the falsely imprisoned.
A sitcom about a teenage "girl next door" type who also happens to be Medusa.
Someone should start a huge educational campaign to teach everyone the correct use of your/you‘re, their/they‘re etc.
KFC should sell a bucket of fried chicken skins
Random subreddit picker
Let's inject mosquitos with COVID19 anti-tode and release them in public to make everyone immune to the virus.
Introduce a variable corporate tax in which the percentage difference of the earnings between the highest and lowest ranking worker becomes the tax rate of that company.
Real affirmative action will occur when randomly selected whites are pulled over and shot dead for a rolling stop.
Games like Euro Truck Simulator or Farming Simulator should partner with Audible or podcasters to give you something interesting to listen to while you play.
Have the Republican National Convention at a public school
Bring a parakeet into a house of mirrors.
Start putting vertical lines through our 3s like a dollar sign
Foot pedals for toilets just like trash cans
We should have a system where we work for 4 years in a row with minimal vacation time followed by a year of paid time off.
A short thriller film adaptation of the mission “Apex predator” from hitman 3 (2021).
Paint the words "wet paint" on to every wall, door and piece of furniture in your home.
Force people who post $1234 Craigslist car ads into selling their vehicles at that price
There’s should be a TV option on Netflix where when you open the app on your TV, it just plays random shows and you can press up and down through different shows or films
Ghost insurance, to protect against hauntings
A RomCom cinematic universe
the theory that laughter is a response to a stress stimulus
A way to sort subreddits for television shows by season, so you can watch older shows and experience fan posts as if they had just come out without being spoiled to future episodes
Netflix Movie Option
why don't we just breed humans so we all become a whole package of beautiful and smart?
Using the presidential acquittal as precedent, all criminals can now just claim they're doing what they think is best for the country, maybe citing the broken window fallacy
A diet thats based on a virtual foraging game where your weekly diet is based on what you can find and forage in the game.
Gilbey home
Toilet paper so good you only need to wipe once
Pocket for porn links, with password protection, and better video support.
Splattering poo Facebook reaction emoji
Selling 2nd hand sextoys on higher than original price.
So certain orbeez look like boba, right? Orbeez are usually non-toxic. Why hasn't anyone done an orbeez boba prank yet?
Build a carbon fiber supported steel heatsink up to outer space to cool down the earth.
Offer a tax credit to NOT place billboards on buildings
An education system that focuses and changes based on a persons interests starting from kindergarten.
cure to hiv and any other strong virus
A movie like Inside Out but with a heroin addict
We give teachers bear spray to stop school shooters. It’s non lethal, pretty cheap and shoots like 30 feet.
A pizza place should start using pizza boxes covered with the text of the Constitution.
A series of Jason Bourne / Fred Rogers mashups called the Rogers Identity, the Rogers Ultimatum and the Rogers Supremacy
Imagrant Testing for "true" Americans
Flappy bird but instead of a bird you are a ship and instead of Mario tubes there are riverbanks and instead of gravity there are sandstorms. Floaty boat
Everyone should start speaking English with a 1940’s Humphrey Bogart style fast talking accent, see?
Say I instead of me or myself. I was playing with I in the bathroom.
Want to show a redditor you appreciate their post? Message them directly asking for their cash app instead of wasting it on reddit awards.
End all taxes and fund the government only by profiteering which is already it's main source of income
A Harry Potter game in the style of Bully
After a few hundred years of the demo maybe America upgrades to the full fledged cracy?
Hotel rooms, that have an available outlet somewhere near the bed
Elevators that require passengers to lie down, so they can accelerate faster without making them pass out
womens having Sex with me
A new mascot for the Washington Football Team.
Sketch comedy porn. Rather than making porn to be sexy, just use the genre to make a bunch of hilarious videos that involve explicitly sexual situations.
Refuse to read this post. Don’t do it. Not even the once.
Penis Enlargement Gummies
Recognize August 8th Internet-wide as "Vore Day" to steal it from the Nazis.
Cards that confirm whether or not you have children that way you could purchase medication without childproof caps.
Get a job as a rest room attendant at an asparagus themed restaurant.
A Time Machine Maybe...
What if I offered people of Reddit a chance to get their idea for a drawing made real.
Save up enough money to travel to and celebrate NYE in every time zone.
An App like Tender, but for fighting.
Equip protesters with shirts that say "vote"
Send the Kool-Aid Man back in time to murder Jim Jones
You dont just vote for a president. You vote for a specific body part of a specific candidate, like his left ear or her right foot's big toenail or this other guy's mouth.
Pay healthy, not at risk people to contract covid-19 and isolate to create herd immunity
Every politician gets to give $1 of somebody's tax money to any government department they choose, like you mr John Doe have paid for the bullet that killed your friend when he was being arrested. Not anyone else. Specific you paid for that bullet. That way, ppl will think more about whats happening
Since people might be just a little nicer to babies, have "baby" as the only noun to describe someone. Eg the 29 year old baby, the homeless baby, the student baby, the victim baby
Imagine this coronavirus thing turns out to be just a huge mandela effect
Scientific research should receive the same amount of funding as military and defense spending.
Google should have a metric-to-football fields converter for Americans.
After learning of the ‘cat that changes colour’ legend, (scientists wanted to modify cats to change colour around nuclear waste) it leads me to the crazy idea that the big 3 gods we follow were Aliens and kind of OCD and prudish.
If we all started saying “I have to go take a trump” instead of “I have to take a dump” we would absolutely ruin Trumps image and business, it would he the ultimate blow to his ego and make all of his accomplishments count for nothing.
Trump has abused the legal system by filing frivolous laws suits against others. Once he is out of office, millions of Americans should file frivolous suits against Trump to overwhelm him.
Zombie escape rooms / mazes .. for people on drugs
Penis evolves pregnancy darts like thrown from a porcupines tail, which he is too weak to throw but what if the spiked penis hid in trees waiting to shake loose pregnancy darts to fall sticking into a uterus passing by
Open a geology-themed German food restaurant. Call it Plate Teutonics.
Skeptics should put on a puppet show that explains how vaccines work.
Make sunrise and sunset fixed at 6 a.m/p.m. for whole year. Modify length of 1 second dynamically to stretch and contract during the day/night and also winter/summer. This time system will be also location dependant. It can confuse people at the start but phones can overcome this issue. Its worth it
ECHO NEWS - The Spotify for news app. Echo News would allow anyone with a bachelor's in journalism to upload an article, photo, or video and get paid based on how may times the post is shared or retweeted. Users would pay a subscription fee and get access to independent journalism worldwide.
COVID-19 open data to help National Health Service
Remake Game of Thrones as an animated series, each episode following A Song of Ice and Fire chapter by chapter.
We should circulate old posts in with the new ones as a deterrent to prevent reposts
A toilet roll amnesty, people can return excess toilet roll they have purchased with no repercussions.
Record common events and play it in reverse to prove jesus has come back. A flood hits itself from 2 sides as it goes around a building as a guy holds his hands out with water approaching. Actor jesus parts the water. Actor jesus holds his hands on a man while he dies. Jesus revives the dead.
Instead of just saying, "stay home," present it as a patriotic duty to our country to protect our fellow Americans. Then, maybe people will take pride in fulfilling their civic duties and actually help flatten the curve.
All criminal defense attorneys are provided by the state.
Since virophages kill viruses, why not genetically modify them and make them extremely infectious and use those to kill viruses instead of vaccines?
A live action version of Disney's Pocahontas where they add realistic historical events like the rape and murder of the native people, etc. while keeping all the upbeat songs from the cartoon like "Just Around The Riverbend".
Get Tim Curry and Tim Cook to trade places, just for kicks
A movie where all animals on earth unite together and eliminate humanity, in attempt to save their planet.
Controlled, intentional, temporary economic recessions to improve the long-term health of an economy.
Doppleganger app
Wrestling but you score by kissing your opponents' testicles.
Strange .. when you know that others (think) just like you, but you still want to know what they are trying to hide!
ONLINE TEACHING IS NOT THE NEXT BIG THING, IS THE MOST BIG THING
Cover Covid-19 patients with glitter to keep hospitals sanitized.
Chili compression software. It allows you to store your chili in a zip file and send it over the internet
A Super Hero movie where the Hero is trying to protect the city from this Super Villian ass hole terrorizing the city but can never catch him. Plot twist: the Hero unknowingly has Mulit-Personality disorder and ends up being the Villian as well.
50 Cent should team up with Nickleback to form the rap/rock group 45 Cents
I propose, ONE HOUR JOBS.
An alarm clock but the snooze button donates to money to charity.
Sell trash bags in a trash bag
A day when everyone posts the opposite content on subs, so it reduces echo chamber.
Go to the nearest Chinese embassy and cough on people.
A touchscreen display that's 1m square and occupies your desktop.
Barcode scanners shaped like a gun, barcodes shaped like targets. Install them at all grocery stores and warehouses and way more gamers would want that job.
thanos must have doubled the resources
Add an option on Netflix/Prime/etc that automatically mutes when dogs bark on screen so my dogs don’t freak out!
Donate chicken tendies to China so they don't have to eat bats.
Petition to change pornhub to cornhub, make a family friendly mode but keep the porn
All golf courses, running tracks, and similar non-group sports should be free and available to the public while there is a global pandemic
What about The Gay Matrix and Neo is getting his mouth pissed in and then Morpheus is like "you think that's urine you're drinking?" and then Neo is like "woah"
Blm should form their own militia, then they don’t have to follow cops laws
Replace all presidents of every country with their national animal.
Walmart, Kroger, etc. should all switch to delivery-only and the US government should pay for all employees handling the items to be tested for corona virus.
The Irish underground
You take LSD, and instead of Jamie Foxx in Django Unchained, it's Martin Lawrence, and he's cracking jokes the whole time
An AI that steals people's ideas off reddit and automatically low key brags about it on the same subreddit while simultaneously auto-checking and filing for new patents off-site, if available.
A deep fryer filled with butter instead of oil.
Since basketball is cancelled, make your own basketball game by splicing together two different games to make an entirely new game of two arbitrary teams playing each other
Everyone who believes the earth is overpopulated should be forced to lead the way and kill themselves.
The FAA regulates air traffic that means there should be an SAA to regulate space travel, who has/is putting this Administrative Department together?
There should be weekly events where we get a bunch of memes by watching shows or movies from a certain year, like 2002
Mark covidiots who are still congregating with dye
The Presidential Debate should have Biden just playing Trump quotes or show tweet by pre 2016 Trump in response to any of Trump’s points.
We shouldn't tear down statues just change the plaque
Suckin the cream out of Spanish Torah girl pussy
Printing money but not telling anyone.
A new type of OS that doesn't use apps or folders.
Create a MTG-style card game to play with sports cards, so they're not useless.
We make people live like Ancient hunter gatherers until they become that
Repost button
a car with a money counter that goes up as you drive to estimate all costs of having the car (repairs, gas, tickets, etc). Drive too fast over a speed bump, the number jumps. do it again, and it jumps less cuz its already bent. Pay this as you go and the mechanic feels free
a robotic speed bump that randomly half the time moves out of the way just as you approach. You won't know if you're going over it or not until it's too late to much change speed.
A light switch inside the home to lock doors.
A Butt Fan
A competitive bartending show where everyone is under 18
Suddenly, everyone starts clicks on every Trump ad they see. The campaign burns through its advertising budget, and their targeting is completely messed up.
Confessing your love to someone is just like giving them a shotgun to point at your chest and trusting them not to pull the triggerPromote green power by letting celebrities sponsor wind power and in exchange, wind turbines are decorated in honor of the celebrity, making the turbines truly their biggest fans
Jim Carrey playing Joey Tribbiani in Friends
NORSHIRE: WORLD'S SMALLEST AND MOST PORTABLE TIRE INFLATOR | Gizmo Hub
Lets index politicians salaries to gross domestic happiness!
Pornhub rewind 2020
Pick the neighbor you care about the most and TP their house during this crisis. You might become lifelong friends for this action.
The live entertainment and choreography of World Wrestling Entertainment, but for martial arts like karate and kung fu.
Netflix should have competed with Disney+ and released a recorded performance of The Book of Mormon yesterday
If your children are misbehaving show them love and teach them that they are a part of something instead of reprimanding them
At the next solar eclipse pay random people $20 to drone and point at the people they're with when the eclipse starts
Post a picture of some of Gordon Ramsay's food to social media without him realizing it is his food, and ask what he thinks of it
Kids should obviously go to school. Teachers should zoom in duh.
Marriage Roulette
In the future AI will develop algorithms to convince humans to accept being cheap labor
Vr school
The US Supreme Court should be mandated to be demographically representative of the mix of races, genders etc
disperse massive amounts of weed and seeds all over the united states like a parade float throwing mardigra beads so everyone posesses it and confiscating it all would be impossible so the government has no choice but to make it legal
A TV show like the one where they say 'move that bus' but instead they say 'move that car' and the house they build behind it is really small.
Create a Cargo Ship Canal on the Rio Grande USA &amp; Mexico
Traffic Light free day.
Telekinesis users can control things without any physical contact which means they had no use of neurons if they utilise the power correctly they can have zero reaction time.
Everyone refer to 2021 as being worse than 2020 so we jinx it and get a better year
USA starts regulating money like they do in Russia. If you choose to pay a scammer, its like bitcoin in that you cant get your money back cuz you voluntarily chose to move it, but in the central banks.Shut down the whole world for 3 weeks. Nobody can leave their houses. Only the hospitals, electricity, water, gas and sever workers continue working. After 3 weeks we will get rid of Covid19.
Free spaceships no really. Okay it’s just a crazy idea keep reading if you’re interested.
A game where everyone and their mother loses.
An election for the next moderator of r/politics.
If an employer puts NSFW on their door, employees have no right to complain about NSFW things happening at work
Switch the polarity of a shrink ray and make covids the size of squirrels then let's all go a huntin
Sort Pistachios based on how far they're opened after roasting and put them in bags based on "difficulty"
Cars that automatically release fire extinguishing foam in the cabin if the car catches on fire
Properly sized pockets
An educational fund that pays for anti-vaxxers to get degrees in immunology
If you’re the type of person who feels the need to Instagram things on the daily, add a celebrity(s) who doesn’t follow you to your close friends.
Have all hospital tv shows set at the same extended universe.
A challenge to get a post to 1 million upvotes.
A mechanical tail for humans.
Create a sub where you can debate with the heroes of your sub. Like the Battle of Troy: eg. Pick one member from /r/conservative and one member from /r/liberal to have a debate no one else can comment. Winner becomes mod of the opposition's subreddit
Dictionary golf. A game where you bet with friends on which words will be added to the dictionary after the shortest length of time.
A sleep center where you can sleep for a full day and catch up on rest with zero interruptions, and a special formula to make you have fun lucid dreams for the whole day
If you were immortal but without an immortal partner, you could instead attach yourself to a family line or organization as if it were a person.
An adult cartoon about a guy who has all the powers of a snail and he must travel back in time to kill the French guy who invented escargot and avenge his lost brothers
A reboot of Face/Off, but it still stars Nicolas Cage and John Travolta.
A language that differentiates between /tʃ/ and /tʃ/ to spite the people who wrote the IPA chart and were like, "nobody ever says "tsh" so I guess we can just label "ch" as /tʃ/"
Possible?
The Internet Agrees on a Real Name for Elon Musk's Kid and Exclusively Call Him That. Attempt to Deny Him His Own Child's Name.
A car that splits into 2 motorcycles
Amazon should partner with reddit so that people could discuss on products instead of depending on reviews
A game show in which many Asian people preform cock and ball torture on shaq, but they are only allowed to use soft pillows
Make a music EP called "AMENHOT," stylized as "AMENHOT - EP" which looks like the ancient Egyptian pharaoh
Dig giant channels from the ocean into desert or unpopulated areas to help offset rising sea levels and bring water to try and transform areas into new habitable ecosystems
An app that plays the Coronavirus Song everytime it detects a sneeze or a cough
Instead of throttling redditors with a timer for overposting in a sub, users should be allowed to post if they delete earlier comments.
Start Star Wars X's intro crawl with "Luke had dreamed that somehow Palpatine had returned"
Fast food places should slightly cool off their onion rings before serving them.
Let’s turn pornhub into the new YouTube platform by posting regular videos you’d post on YouTube.
Reddit should have polls
When the COVID-19 Vaccine is available, start social media campaign of posts of people getting it to help normalize and thwart anti-vax.
a fool pen and teller like show with 12 psychics that try to out-read each other but with a judge that explains after exactly how they did they did it
Since, according to the internet, Harambe’s death was the root cause of everything today, we should have our calendars reflect that by setting 2016 as the beginning of a new era.
Once Vaccines are abundant enough, give out $1,400 to everyone that gets one. Call it a “Emergency Stimulus”.
If something happens to you irl, you can clip it and it’ll look like a random person was recording
If a solicitor knocks on your door, hand him some candy from a plastic orange pumpkin, ask him what he's supposed to be and tell him to be safe out there, then close the door.
If we flip AU upside down all of the wildfires will be put out.
Discuss crazy ideas to put out the fires in Australia.
Ever wanted to live another persons life? Well we speak to comedian Steve Cantwelll about his experience with the drug Salvia where he was living in the body of another man for 8 years
Teachers dont test students. Students pay whichever teacher gives them better service for whatever they're trying to learn at the time. The teacher is their contractor and they are there to get something done, not under the authority of their contractor.
Universal Child Meal Program
Create a drug that turns you into the Doom Guy
Toilet pipes should have disposer machines like in sinks to stop clogging.
The United States should crowdsource 2 Senate votes
Rebuild the Twin Towers
I want a teeny rear-view mirror, so that I can see who's viewing my rear.
Have voluntary COVID-19 infection vacation packages where people that only think it's a cold or fake can willingly get infected and sent away for two or three weeks with others of like mind. Either they come back in a casket or with antibodies so they can't infect others.
A subreddit called where people post findings of made-up numbers without recurring digits
Supreme should do a special collaboration with the USPS to release limited edition stamps and other merch as collectible items.
A gun that fires Nokia 3310s
A reality show where, like House, M.D., a team of diagnoaticians takes on interesting medical cases
Say "fuck you" when people fart, like how we say "bless you" when they sneeze.
Have a 2 day music festival where the same bands play both days. One day they play their original songs and the other is all covers but no one knows which day is which ahead of time.
I am new/ soy nuevo
Instead of voting for people or parties at elections, you're given a choice of policies to vote for.
On r/unpopularopinion, If we upvote opinions we disagree with and downvote opinions we agree with, the top posts on the sub will actually be unpopular opinions.
A movie that starts by following a protagonist, just as usual, but like 20 minutes in, the camera moves away from them and onto a random background character and they become the new protagonist. Repeat every 15-20 minutes to get a movie that shows just how complex EVERYONE's lives are
This virus that threatens the current boomers will most likely be the cause of the next generation of boomers.
An electric underpant that transforms farts into melodies
The internet but if you save something from a page it gets removed from the page and becomes yours until you re-upload it somewhere else.
Remove middle names. Have names be made up of a first name followed by the last names of each parent so that what surnames are preserved aren't determined by gender.
To stimulate the economy, make a portion of the currency perishable...
Keep all the grease that suppurates from your face, process it and create a beauty cream based on human ingredients.
Retro Internet Day: All websites require you to listen to the sounds of a Dial-Up Modem before you can do anything
Cinnamon Toes Crunch (They taste JUST LIKE FEET!)
CRISPr capsaicin genes into fish 🐟 for a ready to cook tasty treat.
Follow 6 prostitutes around with a camera for a new reality show called "My Ho Life"
A browser addon that can block all non OC images and content shared from pages/groups for Facebook so the only thing you see is simple posts from your friends
Election 2022: free (optional) flu shots while waiting in line to vote.
Home improvement for broke people
Geopolitical conflicts are fought Hunger Games-style; a warrior representative from each state is put in an arena, the winning state writes the treaty that the losing states must abide by.
Save mail in voting with ice cream trucks
Whenever an alarm goes off it’s the sound of a cat being sick
Free trash disposal: package it in a box
Australia fires are Redditors' fault!
For everyone who cannot stick to their New Year’s resolutions: Make bad ones. Insist you’ll eat unhealthy every day, intensely doubt your ability, fail at it... profit.
An escape room scenario in disaster settings. Instead of a stationary room the group could be in a crashing airplane fuselodge, sinking ships, or even a Jurassic Park setting.
Mcdonalds at home
Where did COVID-19 Come From?
A reddit bot where when you see a post you like you summon the reddit charity bot to let it know you have donated for the post.
A TV show made entirely of advertisements.
Anyone who says money isn't Everything should be federally required to give whoever they said to $100
A voice coach that can teach you how to sound like any fictional or real life person
Should I give up this idea if experts think it doesn't make sense?
A huge global furniture store chain called "Ottoman Empire"
Gum condoms
When we eat vegetables, starches, fruits and other carbos our digestive tract has as byproduct of fermentation, chiefly ethyl alcohol (the drinking alcohol).
School should mode games like Mount and Blade to help teach history. Homework will be completing quest. This will help keep students engaged and have direct experience of the event.
Cat/dog buttplugs to protect the carpet/furniture in your house, just like the little pads that go under furniture to protect the carpet/floor
Drunk History, but the only person whos sober is the historian. The cameramen, producer, and interviewers are all shithoused
Tesla cars with external speakers that make a variety of sounds from a classic muscle car to a spaceship matched to the actual RPMs of the car so you can roar away from the stoplight like Steve Mcqueen or ET or a '72 Datsun B210
It should be law that pharmaceutical exec(s) need to attend every funeral where a person died because their medication was too expensive.
On Jan 21 send a postcard to White House saying “ Congrats Joe for being our president” that would be so fun
Canada starts testing a COVID-19 vaccine within a day of the hockey season being postponed. Ireland announces 15-minute testing kits within a day of pubs being closed. Germany should try rationing beer.
Everyone born before 1980 was exposed to environmental lead at levels high enough to cause brain damage. Millennials are the first sane generation in perhaps a century.
The bug
What if we had a big budget video game for multiple platforms called “Politics”, where players start off as a council person, attorney or business man, then follow one of three paths until you’re able to run for and win the presidency.
Use military budget to fund CS education at low-income area schools and require them to work for NSA or military tech for 3 years after, instead of straight up soldier recruitment
,
Crazy of clever? I think our maps of Pangaea are wrong
Walk down the street and kick someone in the nuts for no reason
AI Bot conversation getting deep
In the future, all children born on Mars should have their first language be Latin.
Instead of Undercover Boss there should be ‘Undercover Karen’ where serial complainers work a week in the service industry
Thanos didn't snap away enough...
Gon Strip Club?
I'm designing a new socioeconomic system. Tear holes in it so I can make it better.
Auto-Translating Bot or Feature
Need Easy &amp; Extra $450/Mo For Free?
All junk mail should be made out of toilet paper so people don't have to buy toilet paper anymore.
A higher weed educational facility named UUniversity.
a gym that only lets people exercise while smoking and eating fastfood
A special kind of rehab center for fat people where they are only allowed to eat restricted portions of healthy food without starving them. That way, lack of willpower isn't a problem. give them meals plans they like especially upon sending them home.
We should remove "right" and "left" from our political rhetoric. Every one of us has a different idea of what these catch-all-concepts mean, and our political communication would improve if we just said what we mean without the labeling.
a swing band wherein all band members are named richard. they would be called The Swinging Dicks
An app or a website where you can hire people to go put flowers on a loved ones grave when you can’t make it.
Am all female owned and operated hay and straw whole seller.
Rebrand goatse as a site for goat furries
WHY AREN'T WE USING 20'S SLANG?
Consoles have a photo roulette mode for selected games screenshots
Saturate peanut oil with weed drugs before using it to deep fry!
If trump loses the election, nobody talks about it
Farting should be standard in twerking, because both are ultimate expressions of the ass
Trash collection nets on Container ships
A 1960s style Virtual reality kung fu simulator
Make it mandatory for each student in the country to take four years of yodeling classes
A home makeover show where the budget is $300 and a $50 Home Depot gift card from your uncle
So here is a crazy one for you. We are selling a vintage journal spanning 1897-1931 for a cool $50,000,000. When you think about it, it seems like completely crazy thing to do, but a duct taped banana sold for $120,000, so yeah... check out our site: www.saleofthelifetime.com
Lottery tickets should be usable as public transit tickets
Since we're all paying essential frontline workers with claps, make clapping the actual currency of the economy.
Once A.I. is capable of writing movie and tv-show scripts better than most professionals, one should be assigned to make Doctor Who "the story that never ends".
A bed that eats your trash.
Use an extremely outdated operating system (Windows 95-ME) to avoid cyberattacks because modern malware won't run on it.
A website where you coordinate with people who want to share their different streaming services, for those without friends.
Injectable food.
Clean Screen Lock mode /app for phone
Robust train system so we don't have to drive 3 hours a day
Put a stick through a hush puppy and call it a shush kebab
A Federal Prison for Police, Have 3 facilities in Dallas, Charlotte, and Las Vegas
Nutella with bacon?
we. 👏 need. 👏 a. 👏 temple. 👏 run. 👏 movie.
Read The 120 Days of Sodom on a special episode of Reading Rainbow. Without changing the TV rating.
Elon musk has enough money, all the resources and know how to play the ultimate April fools on earth with real flying saucers and robots etc
Build "The Truman Show" style TV set, tell Trump that there has been an election fraud and that he legally won, then send him to four more years of simulated presidency where everyone plays along and we can all watch what he's up to without facing the consequences
A usa constitutional amendment that says government must never lie but can refuse to answer.
Make NASCAR tracks into a figure 8
Adult Swim animated series following the perspective of Kaitlin Jenner's severed penis, superimposed over re-runs of Keeping Up with the Kardashians, interacting via MST3K commentary and on screen aninated shenanigans.
The "Grill-do"
Someone should make a compilation of all the crazy Karen videos that seem to be popping up recently so that we can share the fuck out of it and shame this entitled, ignorant, and often racist bullshit behaviour.
Instead of World War 3, all countries with tensions between them should deploy to Australia and nonviolently compete to douse the fires. Let the Swiss judge the competition.
January is a shit month. Let's do a global complete lockdown in January and embargo all trade with countries not cooperating.
I want to make Show/Anime/Cartoon...
A facial recognition app to recognize police officers
Santa Claus is a child molester. Everyone has blocked out the memory of Santa due to trauma, and so we believe he doesn’t exist.
The Washington Redskins should change their name to the “Americans” and keep all their existing logos and branding.
Artificial muscle by combustion.
If every American gets a check from the government the first thing we should do is buy something big or small, from a small business.
Sell Pokemon games cheaper or free as an empty game with different generations as dlc.
If everybody hordes their 1000 check just like the billionaires that caused the economic divide horde their wealth, we can destroy trillions of dollars of wealth.
Why not let Matt Damon do the joker.
Make a new fourth video game console to compete with Microsoft, Sony and Nintendo. Construct it out of napkins, popsicle sticks, gum wrappers and double sided tape.
Microsoft should release an AMD PC Graphics Card spec'd the same as the Series X GPU
A car company named Speedstroll Motors
r/missing - a subreddit where people try to find other redditors who have been inactive for a long period of time.
Online games should have a mode where you can choose to play vs players way beyond your skill level and vice versa
A how-to YouTube channel where the video isn't actually a how-to, the guy just throws eggs and makes disgusting concoctions
Here is a short video around the topic of the Corona Virus
A navigator extension that displays prices with taxes in countries like USA or Canada.
Crab-fried rice flavored gum
For places with a 2 party system: forget executive elections and just alternate the government between the two parties every term.
Have Facebook scroll up so you can not be surprised by who posted what.
Have the Democratic Party in the US change it's logo from a donkey to The Donkey from Shrek to appeal to young voters
On Netflix, change "are you still watching?" to "You still awake, champ?"
Infinite Walls
Transportable dog lead anchor
Name a hurricane “Trump” and fire nukes at it to stop it from hitting the U.S.
A Jojo Rabbit sequel
Clear epoxy floor with realistic fish and riverbed reproduction embedded underneath for families with cats
Alternative economic system where most government spending is subject to voting and competition
To protest the shit show that is police brutality as a nation we all agree if cuffed and or stuffed in the back of a squad car to shit our selfs.
Add a plastic slider on phone cases to protect the camera.
Twix candy should start actually making the left and right candy bars a little different.
Connect the salary of politicians to the minimum wageThink outside of the multiple choice question.
We should hold giant protests ever year, and plant federal agents in the crowd. Any officer seen violating the law or constitution should then be arrested and brought up on charges and sent to jail for a min of 10 years.
Sexy dice but for kids
Solve prison overcrowding by buying an uninhabited portion of Greenland and turning it into a penal colony.
Every day without fail
We need a place to celebrate good celebs before they pass.
If a law is repealed, revoked, etc. - all convictions of breaking that law should be overturned.
A special holiday inn where bees can go to relax
Basketball COURT
The Mile Hike Club
Anti-echo chamber chrome extension?!
Free drinking water in Europe.
A Rubik's cube, but with numbers on each square instead colors, so colorblind people could solve one.
We organize a marathon through the street Ahmaud Arbery was jogging on.
A horror movie where the CGI for the monster is run through something like DeepDream so that it's like a fever dream brought to life
Use the pink panther character to market insect killer
Peanut Butter Sampler Platter featuring peanut butters and other nut butter samples from all over the world.
Change the name of /r/oldschoolcool to /r/ithinkmyfamilyishot
A coffee table book called "Celebrity Assholes" that features nothing but pictures of famous people's buttholes.
We make it illegal to put ads on windshields
Hire 2 private investigators to investigate each other at the same time
Left Handers VS Right Handers WW3
A Monopoly game themed after real life- you don't collect $200 just for passing go and out out of 7 players starts with $3000 while the rest get none
Cold Showers For Lucid Dreaming
In America, only Native Americans can buy stuff
e
Mr.Clean needs to wear a face mask
A third party candidate for president that ONLY runs on ideas from r/CrazyIdeas
You could watch a try not to get sad challenge while touching one of those nerve cards and if it turns blue you lose
Collect massive amounts of carbon to jettison into space to solve the climate crisis.
Delete every post that is titled "an interesting title" or some other variation that doesn't help identify the contents. Then maybe the search function will actually work.
since banks make lots of money by fractional-reserve loaning your money, then someone puts it back in a bank, and it gets loaned like 10 times more than it actually exists cuz not that many people ask for it back at once... everyone take their money out of banks until banks pay 50% cut of profits
Biden should appoint Stacy Abrams to a cabinet position.
A two state solution for the United States.
Roll back daylight savings time so that people go home earlier
Instead of celebrating Christmas or other holidays around that time, we should celebrate the victory at the Battle of the Bulge and Bastogne
Add push-start to ceiling fans so spinning the blades with your hands turns them on
The ability to set names to currently open internet browser windows so I can organize different windows with multiple tabs open related to the same online activity.
Since your subconscious voice can’t scream or whisper, does that means that people with schizophrenia only listen a lot of voices in their head speaking in the same tone?
If you’re “left wing” you can only make left turns in a car. If “right wing,” you can only make right turns in a car. The moment you turn the opposite way renders you credit-less with both.
A company that builds custom mailbox for homes
Food supply I Space
Thanksgiving poop jenga for the whole family.
What if you were able to send internet data (Gb) to any phone number?
Become a professional athlete and be the last guy to show up and the first guy to leave.
8 hidden beaches in Hong Kong
Surgery that allows you piss out of your ass instead
Make 2020 a game.
Leaving the Left any% speedrun
Johnny Depp was domestically abused by Amber Heard. Johnny Depp was domestically abused by Amber Heard. Johnny Depp was domestically abused by Amber Heard. Johnny Depp was domestically abused by Amber Heard. Johnny Depp was domestically abused by Amber Heard.
Wooden spoon flavored ice cream.
If we could feasibly dig holes through bot ends of the earth then we could probably have some of the fastest intercontinental travel ever
Turn the oceans into playball pits to fight global warming
A hotline/email-address that cops can use to anonymously report other dirty cops for investigation without fear of losing their jobs or repercussion.
Charity Project in Turkey
Sign a contract with a baby so you can take him or her to the park and score extra points with all the hot single moms.
We all pay the best hackers in the world to try and shut Twitter and Facebook down.
Smartphone fingerprint readers should unlock for everyone but it would match the fingerprint with someone and you/authorities would know who stole your phone.
In races with a lot of participants, give the last ones a special prize.
Face matching tech could be modified to match lost cats and dogs with strays found anywhere in the world.
someone needs to invent a suction cup cup holder for my shower beer.
Anti-Tourettes Syndrome. Instead of compulsively shouting obscenities at the most inappropriate times, the sufferer can't help but make excessively polite and charming comments at appropriate moments.
Modeling agents should use motion-capture animations to recruit models solely based on their charisma, and NOT what they physically look like.
Boxing matches with 3 boxers
The reason crazy people exist is because all 3 parties involved require it.
To curtail COVID-19, citizens should be directed to go out in public based on the last digit of their Social Security number.
There should be a mode in Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2019 called Clone Wars where every player is the same : same gun, same operator, etc... All of the elements are differents and randoms in every game !
A site where you can see courtroom drawings after a trial.
Appease flat earthers by launching a giant bicycle pump into space. Erect a 200 metre tall air valve in the middle of the Gobi Desert.
1. Put haunted dolls together in a room, let them fight it out. 2. Live stream it. 3. Profit.
We should forbid people who falsely claim cultural appropriation from eating pizza, because pizza is an Italian dish that is Americanized
Buy 365 fake ID cards then attempt to get free stuff every day for the rest of your life
A way to browse r/all filtered by either serious vs. un-serious content or "mature" vs. "immature" content. For those times you want to browse r/all and skip any/all jokes, memes, shitposts, etc.
A full size passenger airplane but it's entirely held together with masking tape
When the quarantines end, open Disney parks and resorts for a four day weekend free of charge to healthcare workers and first responders and their families.
A drone which you can shoot into the air with a crossbow to save battery.
We should call LGBT+ the Alphabet
A reality show that follows a group of Flat Earthers traveling to the edge of the world
An alarm app triggered by geographic proximity.
downvoted comments get put on the top and highlighted in red for a couple of minutes to be discussed
You can refuse to be raped, and the rapist has to agree based on a dice roll, unless you roll snake eyes (2 1s) then the rape proceeds as usual. So most of the time, he says he intends to rape you, you demand the dice, roll the dice, and the dice say he cant rape you, so he moves on to next victim.
a VR shopping mall where picking stuff up adds it to your Amazon order
The ability to up/downvote entire subreddits
Call next year 2020 and just pretend this year never happened
That would actually be a really good idea. You receive an anonymous list of every politicians policies. And you vote for the ones you agree with the most.
Equip TV satellites with sharp cameras, point them at the Earth, and broadcast Live Earth TV as a channel.
Food wrappers that aren’t so loud when you open them.
Steam/Epic/Sony should have a Quarantine sale to help keep people inside.
The food pantry in the house should be sound proof so parents can sneak in and eat snacks without their children bothering them.
Perform Shakespeare's Macbeth with WWE wrestlers in a wrestling match.
Instead of taking a selfie every single day of your pregnant stomach, just enjoy being pregnant.
Sign Petition: Make The Town Of Hell, Michigan The Nation's Capital
An app that tracks the expiry dates of all the food in your house and recommends recipes using the ingredients that will expire the soonest.
Stateless passports ( carrier belongs to no one country)
Biden should agree to pay all overtime incurred by USPS employees from September-November if he gets elected.
Gather the personal data of everyone in your neighborhood, and produce fake election forms identical to the ones produced for the vote by mail. Then refill the info for each to your liking, and place in everyone’s mailbox.
Symbolically flash-mobbing a cultural concept in order to make them a good thing again. Such as Celtic symbols, shaved heads, national flags, swastika, etc.
Don't let soldiers fight wars
Since the world is changing, we must ourselves change. Proposal: Biden should accept the role of Presidency livestreamed from an undisclosed location.
Stream an awards show with only the stunt doubles. Stream another awards show with the normal actors at the same time. Wait for them to figure it out.
We need a dark mode for books. I can’t stand it, the bright white of the page hurts my eyes.
A purse that has a step stool built into the side for short women who don't want to wear heels
Bring Back the Untouchables, but Focused on Taking Out Corrupt Cops
I am psychic power mind control
If you whisper a question/command to Siri or Google Assistant, it should whisper back the response.
Photoshopping pictures of trump supporters by changing all the signs and flags to gay pride symbols.
They should make book VENDING MACHINES
Make every mandatory reply to an aggression, " I'm sorry you're mad but I'm not the one who hurt you"
Dildo attachment for electric toothbrush
Multiply the amount of upvotes on everything by 10, but also multiply the amount of downvoted everything has by 10 too. Multiply the amount of karma everyone has by 10. Also increase karma requirements of all subreddits by 10.
Rick and Morty needs to release for sale the fabled game 'Downbeat', we are all down.
Could I make fish listen to music by yeeting a Bluetooth speaker into a lake?
Americans should stop paying their student loans, starting now.
Save the world now!!
A 3 day music festival in the hills of Yorkshire, featuring only one artist. Björk. That's it. On Friday a comedy set from Björk. On Saturday a DJ Set done by Björk. Sunday is Björk's big moment. Her headline set of her many incredible hits. The name of the festival... Björkshire. Who's in?
SICK IDEA
Dell should remake their classic commercials and have them star Adele
Every city should let local graffers paint the ugly parts of the city
A car that uses six insect-like legs instead of wheels.
Harvest Big bois
Free speed dating event where they tell you to just sit across from one and the event will start in a few minutes. Then 10 minutes later come out and tell them it is over and the person you are sitting across from is your date for one date.
Make a fake color blind test and Trick someone into thinking they are color blind. Pure Evil.
A gorilla-based superhero named Ape X.
Youtube should make "Never Gonna Give You Up" into an ad that plays before every video.
open up a club called "the social disdance" and make everyone battle each other while remaining 6ft apart.
What if we made it a worldwide mission to join all the continents together somehow?
Change the current election process to hide candidate info and vote on people's policies like reddit
Car dealers should bring back classic muscle cars but with new engines, inside features, and body material. It would be awesome to see the old 60’s styled Mustang’s, Charger’s, and Camaro’s again.
Start a business called “Levelers” and get hired into people’s homes just to make sure every picture is straight. Extra charge for wall mounted TVs
Una versión de este SubReddit en español
Thanks to gender fluidity, Trump should declare that he identifies as a woman, and use that to become both the first female president AND get him/her a 3rd term!
We should be able to submit dashcam footage of the car in front of us littering to have them ticketed or fined.
a waterright pill capsule you can take apart and put food in, that doesnt dissolve when eating, and when someone poops it out it can be washed, opened, and eaten by the next person in the clean-human-centipede
Every item of women's clothing has at least two real pockets, big enough to at least hold a phone.
In a 16 hour design challenge on natural disasters, does anyone have any insight on preventative actions?
Zoom debate between Trump and Biden with mute, but the muted person is still recorded so you could listen to them afterward...
The Redskins should rename themselves to the "Skinwalkers"
Genetically manipulate mosquitoes with different vaccines, so if they suck your blood, they actually vaccinate you as well
Make another Final Destination movie but hold a contest before hand to let fans submit ideas for the chain reaction death scenes and the directors take the top ideas to make the movie and give the winners prize money and credit in the ending credits.
A boss in a video game that you can’t actually hurt. Instead, you just have to survive while they damage themself until they die.
Police masks should be treated like NHL masks. If you wear a full hard face mask it should be ok to hit you in the face with hard sticks. If the cop wears no mask then you should avoid cheap shots to the face.
Create a company that manages investments, sell stock for this company. Create a second company that does the same thing. Company A buys a bunch of company B's stock and vice versa, then you can fool new investors into thinking you've got a great company and get rich
A super villian named Bat-Man, and his power is beating the shit out of people with a baseball bat exceptionally well.
Make all doctors get drunk on moonshine before delivering babies.
Start placing LED lights and solar panels on the moon so the night sky can be bright all year and help reduce energy use on Earth
A way to clone a Persons Personality, onto another being.
Bring half a bottle of vodka to class and tell everyone "its actually water." Youll look like a hydro-homeskillet while getting be drunk. Win win
Make it legal to kidnap people who break into your house.
All the non-religious/liberal people sneak out of the country one night, leaving their clothes behind arranged on the floor as if they have been raptured, so when the evangelical conservatives wake up in the morning, they think they missed the rapture. Then we secretly film and watch what happens.
SNL should do a MadTV episode and have both casts from both shows do old and new skits together
Use the fat collected from liposuction to generate electricity!
All of the other Major League Baseball teams should Troll the Houston Astros by banging on drums from the dugout when the Astros are hitting.
Make a fat magnet so you can drag your fat from one part of your body to another.
I have an idea for FTL travel that doesn't violate the laws of physics.
Apple Macbook pro 16-inch
Name major diseases after major companies. Make them pay for expensives
Your options are: 50 hawks, 10 crocodiles, 3 brown bears, 15 wolves, 1 hunter, 7 cape buffalo, 10,000 rats, 5 gorillas and 4 lions - you must pick 2 that will defend you while the rest are coming to kill you. Which do you pick and why?
A split-screen that shows a movie in one window and the corresponding screenplay in the other window. The screenplay automatically scrolls to be in sync with the movie.
We should start calling conspiracy theories, "extracurricular activities"
A show like Jerry Springer, except people are throwing chairs at each other over political disagreements!
Hire someone to kick your ass if you have not reached your own goals for the day, week, or year, even if you try to cancel the service you can't until you reach those goals.
Twitter should add 'bot' at the end of each bot account name
When someone is convicted of a serious felony, the government releases a staged video of them being tortured to death to deter other criminals, but really releases them under a new identity once they're rehabilitated.
Make it so cars won't go if a wheel/tire is missing.
A whole mouth toothbrush
"Breasticles"
Just before the next president starts, everyone broadcast a fake video of the new president strangling the old president to death, to make sure people don't put too much faith in video evidence like the video of the president starting the job or of fake news on a variety of subjectsA TV show in a "celebrity" Psychiatric hospital (luxury) called "Prove you're not insane." The winners will be re-committed.
OnlyFans but for sensual saxophone solos
They should offer paternity tests immediately after every birth as standard procedure. This would help if the father is concerned about passing a medical condition to the child and have the added benefit of exposing infidelity before the health insurance company pays the hospital.
2020 is just simcity
Like Walkie Talkies, but it's a pair of wirelessly connected vibrating buttplugs: when you recieve messages it vibrates them to you in Morse Code, and you send message by anally clenching on the buttplug, also in Morse Code.
Name your band "Dollar Beer Night".
What if there was like an LED thing you would put on your windshield and you can set it to certain lights based on how quickly you need to get to your next location. Like if your light was red, people would let you pass first and stuff. Idk I thought of this a few months ago and thought it was cool.
Rape rapists?
Imagine a Network of Shared Homes Across the Country, Homes are Co-owned and shared by Vandwellers, Always have a Warm, Friendly Place to stay Wherever you are
Pass a Multi-Trillion Dollar "Green New Deal" Bill. However, Have The Bill Actually Do Nothing for Green Infrastructure. Instead, Upgrade American Electricity Distribution from 120 V to 120 kV. Make Every Outlet In America Capable of Powering an Industrial Arc Furnace
We Must Separate Wealth and State
Cut your steak horizontally
Test your willpower by biting off your own tongue
Search court records and make Reddit accounts with the template George_Floyd_the_crook for every crook who happens to be Bl*ck. When one eventually has his final encounter with the police, the account's creation date will precede the event. Troll SJWs with "I told you so" and "username checks out".Search court records and make Reddit accounts with the template George_Floyd_the_crook for every crook who happens to be Black. When one eventually has his final encounter with the police, the account's creation date will precede the event. Troll SJWs with "I told you so" and "username checks out".
Super cruise ships that constantly sail around the world. You ride from point A to B, but the ship keeps on going.
For the times you are deep in YouTube comments
Take 3 seconds of your day to stop global warming. But everyone has to participate.
To try and "fix the world", clone Harambe back into existence
remove the word hate from the dictionary for being hate speech
Convince Donald Trump to eat an entire Caesar salad on camera
A setting or app to make batman games R rated
Set the world on fire to get rid of corona virus.
A sign on your door - By entering you are requesting me to instantly have sex with you
Run a marathon with two pairs of scissors in your hands....just to prove a point.
As well as Uber Eats they have a promotion called Uber Feeds where you can opt to round your meal up and that'll go towards feeding the needy
People who bring American politics into unrelated conversations online should lose the ability to have their online communications seen outside of America for a week.
Make a really long, narrow dildo with measurements up the side so you can measure the depth of your vagina
Rich peoples platform
Legally change your name to Failed Businessman Donald Trump or Alleged Homosexual Vladimir Putin; perform outlandish stunts to get media attention or to get arrested: Failed Businessman Donald Trump Has Been Arrested Again For Gross Indecency
Federal law enforcement agencies should have a system in place where credit card numbers and other necessary accompanying info can be generated by the public for the purposes of tracking scammers.
A Shazam, but when it syncs to the song, it starts showing the active lyrics so you can sing along to a song on the radio or in public.
One day, every game should change their movement controls from WASD to ESDF
A 3D Printer in your kitchen for On-Demand Reese's Cups.
"Movie Movers" where 5 films play on a revolving floor. To keep watching it you need to constantly walk slowly in the opposite direction the floor is going. If you stand still and reach the point where the screen isn't visible, you lose.
Bucha in a big box
In return for Wallmart staying open during the crisis they should have been required to sell local goods from the smaller stores which were forced to close.
change the official language of all countries and force people to speak it
I would like to know your opinions on this matter I'm the op
Ban endless scrolling
There have been experiments where they've been able to "steer" bugs around. There are parasitic worms that can live in your body and eat through your guts and flesh, and you don't even notice. What if we drove worms around your guts for non-invasive surgery?
Have the entire world prepare for the fight for breath by training their lungs every day.
Everyone who died from Covid gets a mile named after them in their home state.
A recreation of Star Wars in a completely fantasy setting, since star-wars already incorporates many fantasy elements.
I think i should put my balls in a blender because they feel to seperate
A toothpaste with mixed in numbing agent/ pain med for toothaches
Could you imagine if whales swam up to shore and were like “listen, I can tell you the worlds history for millions of years, sit down my children”
Use SMS autodialer to text out "Citizen, you are breaking quarantine, return home immediately"
All the single people get set up with other singles on valentine's days.
Build a sportscar in shape of an upsidedown airplane wing for the downforce
Add a choice to add or remove laugh tracks on dvds
Have everyone’s drivers license indicate if you vote to defund the police. If you choose to defund, you move to the back of the line for dispatchers and have your issue/need responded to after those who believe law enforcement needs to be funded.
Bombard trump with suggestions to move from twitter to tiktok
The universe's timeline is written on a word computer Document in the form of cut and pasted images, the reorganizing that follows any change is why time travelers can't get things correct
Offer company shares for emails
Piss tea?
Another amazing "what if"
Set up a coronavirus injection center where low risk people can be given the virus, then self quarantine so that after they recover, they are contributing to herd immunity.
I am new please flow me now
A game thats Rimworld + Factorio + Dwarf Fortress
Mind blowing: Jewish women with big eyebrows, dark hair and light skin please speak to me
Go the the IRS page and click to claim any form. It says everything on the pc is recorded so play 10 hours of Epic Sax Guy or other random stuff that they have to watch
It's genuinely scary how with world leaders having social media accounts (even making big decisions there), all it would take would be a suicidal/determined person with some minor hacking &amp; computer skills to start WWIII (repost from r/depressingthoughts)
A toilet that's the exact same size as yours but with a joke hole that's just for farts.
Videoconferencing software should show people tilted or upside-down, depending on where on Earth they are relative to you.
For April fools reddit should remove the “clear local history” button: then watch the chaos.
Beds that double as blenders, made by Flannigan and Decker after they leave their respective partners Black and Raymour.
US elected officials should not receive a salary and should instead be paid by their constituents through a system similar to Patreon.
Get paid to buy oil and store it on a tanker
Queen Elizabeth Should Duel Pope Francis To The Death
Make r/PeopleReallyDying and then force all the posts about a recently dead celeb to only go in that sub so my whole feed doesn't get filled up by a dead guy once a week.
Clear Palastic Shorts: New Quirky Trend
A game like arcanoid but the ball is controlled by an artificial intelligence and make it harder for the player
College/university free
Prisons should all set up boxing and/or UFC octagon style arenas.
Just ban all politically-themed subs. No more echo chambers. If you want to talk politics, you have to find a sub related to some other aspect of what you're saying.
Billy Bob Thornton does an cover album as his character in 'Slingblade' *Uh Uhh*
Someone should create a bot that posts to a subreddit with deleted comments only from r/AskHistorians
What I would do if I was a trillionaire.
By speeding up a black hole to almost the speed of light and moving in the opposite direction, also at almost the speed of light, you're able to escape from its event horizon.
a racist military AI
The PI network 2021
Collect the brine (sea salt) desalination plants produce, and put it in strong, watertight sandbags. Stack them up off the coast, and just keep stacking until the pile pokes out of the sea. Heap some sand, dirt and plants on top, and boom, free artificial island.
HP EliteBook 840 G3 laptop
Eric Andre invites Amber heard to his show.
HP Spectre x360 13-inch Laptop
Change your Robinhood 5 star review to a 1.
Start a tech review channel that's run by two cavemen who just freak out every time they seen iPhone. They keep tech they like and they smash tech they don't.
Make people convicted of corporate malfeasance register and be treated like sexual offenders.
A video game where once you die you can never play the video game again
Create an efficient evolution machine which takes sex cells and detects the one which would create the most desirable outcome, then multiplies it, then detects the most desirable, until minutes later it’s done.
A Reddit app that automatically scans for, and tags reposts.
Name a boy Hun, so that when strangers call him Hon (short for Honey), he will think they know him.
A low tech solution to secure voting that respects social distancing.
I wanna call my step mom and tell her I wanna fuck what do you think I should cuz I can either hit her up or hit up my step sister (she’s fat as fuck and has a killer cameltoe ngl)
There should be a law that at any time in life, you can go "double or nothing".
A subreddit where people can have debate on pure nonsense, like when ur a kid and have an “invincible everything shield” but your sister has a “sword that breaks invincible everything shields” ya know, dumb stuff like that
Reddit should make a bot whose sole purpose is to comment on posts at random, stating that it's a bot.
an umbrella thats just a big fan blowing upward to make the rain fall somewhere else
Put a green dot on your work profile pic, that way you appear available, at least at first glance.
Egg cartons with 12 eggs but 14 slots, so when you’re low on eggs you can put the last two in a new carton instead of having two cartons at once
You arefuck
A Psychological Horror film with a bird
Get "influencers" to promote registering to vote to see just how influential they really are.
Man Pets Whale Shark
Everyone should just stop wearing clothes. There is no way they could arrest millions of us.
Chair Leg Soup
To lower beef intake worldwide for climate reasons, governments around the world secretly start to incorporate fake meat into beef patties, increasing the percentage year by year.
An app when you type in your birthday it tells you if you are correct or not
If alcohol depletes B vitimins start making vit b fortified beer.
Instead of incorrectly using rubber bullets, police should use paintball rounds and guns as the primary means of shooting.
Make memes with neutral political opinions (”Fix the potholes”) and softcore porn pictures. Post them on FB. If they get flagged, appeal and claim FB is censoring political ads, thus breaking their promise.
Buildings with legs. If there's a wildfire or flood coming, the building can just stand up and run away.
VR headsets for dogs so they can play as your co-op attack dog partner.
The Legend of Zelda Fan Music Project
A platform for employees to rate customers, similar to how customers rate businesses
Make all presidential candidates pass a Turing test and a Voight-Kampff test too
Wait for someone to bounce high on a trampoline then throw a bunch of mousetraps under their feet
Velcro shirts for you and baby, with wall mounted velcro panels to stick them to while you do things
Omniscient all powerful gods break themselves down into futile weak beings, for fun, that’s what we are
Reddit should have a option to block out all political posts on non political sub-reddits
Rent out unused brain space to advertisers, allowing them to interrupt your dreams with commercial breaks.
SPOILERS: How to fix the story of "Birds of Prey and the FEOt1 Harley Quinn" to not screw over Birds of Prey's adaptation.
an aerosol spray of black pepper, or other kinds of peppers, or sugar, or salt, or other eating condiments, instead of out of a shaker of small particles of them
All US "News" Orgs Should be Required to Tell the Truth and if found telling a falsehood face a HUGE fine and must retract/correct any "error" 10 times a day for 5 days to include prime time and/or front page.
Cake! Cake! Heyyyy!
Your hometown could be vastly unique if you were able to go back in time and impregnate all the women so they had your children at roughly the same time. You could even toss your mom a free one because she wouldn’t really know who you were, after all.
Start writing tickets to cars that ride in the left lane side by side with a car in the right lane.
Everybody in the world gets together and resolves all their problems and differences.
There's going to be a time in the very near future where a popular birthday gift will be for parents to digitally scan their children's room every couple of years using Photogrammetry and then giving it to them as adults so they can reminisce and enjoy their childhood once again in VR.
A show about a young police detective, constantly living overshadowed by the "legend cop" status of her uncle. She always gets into precarious situations she has to improvise her way out of, using only items found within arm's reach. Look out for "MacGirlver" on your favorite streaming app soon
Have selling apps set a threshold limit for how much pre-order items can go up to so it will prevent scalpers from ripping people off.
Grant the president your Power Of Attorney to enter into agreements on your behalf
Require social media, shopping, and search engine algorithms to be open source for the greater good
Thin textured rubbery adhesive pads for the bottom of your finger tips to increase friction so your phone doesn’t slip out of your hand.
A live action Voltron but it's set in Africa and Lions are real.
Chief Keef should make an animated show set underwater where everyone is a sea creatures and name it "Chief Reef"
Mandalorian quotes for GPS navigation.
Hmm there’s been two decades of the military practicing clearing out occupied civilized cities on the other side of the world. Now we have a militarized police force with a good amount of former military deployed in the US .
There should be a big tax for the distance that any product travels
Every u/ AutoModerator in every subreddit should perform a u /RepostSleuthBot on each post to then delete the post if it's a repost.
Bed sets (mattresses and frames, etc) are about $1000. Hammocks are about $50. Design new houses with hammock rooms instead of bedrooms.
its the perfect time for all of us to dress up as Sub Zero, Scorpion and Reptile full time
The President of the United State should have to go through a NCAA style tournament to be elected
Everyone in r/dundermifflin should binge Community to boost its numbers and visibility now that it's on Netflix
Rotate Public Toilets 90° so You're Facing the Wall Behind Someone's Back
instead of texas having rolling blackouts aka price fixing between normal price and infinite price, adjust price continuously so that supply always equals demand, and theres no blackouts, and people become motivated to demand an equal amount of energy as supply of energy
Retirement homes? Fuck that, I will live out my non working years in a retirement boat.
We need to bring King of the Hill back and here is how we do it.
Ice that doesn't melt
Don't let people downvote anything until their account is one year old.
Pranking Kylie Jenner
movie where white actors wear blackface, and black actors wear whiteface
Quantum paleontology.
Flat earthers should have a chance to go to outer space, to professionaly prove them wrong
Let each personality of people with multible personality disorder vote on their own.
An AI that just generates" Florida Man headlines" trained with the ones we already have
Create a wrestling group called "The Deals", then put on a bunch of ads about how, "You can't beat these Deals!" and "Here's the best Deal around!", then you can get a bunch of frugal people to show up and become fans of your team
Top 6 Use Cases for Big Data in Health Care
Create a toothpaste called Oral-A, because if it's on the shelf next to Oral-B, people's weird human nature will kick in and most people will pick "A" regardless if your toothpaste has scorpion legs in it or not.
Scotland, Ireland,Wales and Northern Ireland should all leave the Britain and form their own country.
What if Gru from ‘Despicable Me’ is a reference to the old game, Zork?
Let people stay home long enough to get rid of flu and common cold too
Every US individual should have the right to deduct one year of their retirement or social security benefits without tax penalties to travel around the world, work abroad for one year anytime in their lifetime. Unused amount gets removed.
Porn concerts
Flula Borg &amp; Kumail Najiani in a Buddy Cop movie, but Kumail only speaks German, and Flula only speaks Urdu, however they still perfectly understand one another
Star Shrek
Make the SAT/ACT completely free so that low-income families aren’t disadvantaged, but charge massive costs for people who take it more than once
Spotify should add a tip jar for artist.
A gym where you have to park 13.1 miles away
Because we are hear about it for the duration of our lives, death is a certainty (in our minds) and therefore is an example of the placebo effect.
Streaming services like Netflix or spotify should have a listen/watch together feature where a user could connect with another user (even with different accounts) and they can stream content at the same time.
There should be huge government incentives for adopting kids
Breed grass with arm hairs so it stops growing at a specific length.
Everyone in China or India should all jump at once, and then measure if that had any impact on the planet's spin (as small as it may be)
Air Hockey and Minigolf fusion
Make a TV show of two FBI agents solving crimes of pedophilia.
Power Station on the Moon and the elevator/tether/upperclase cable is just the power conduit WE ALL NEED and nobody fucks with it
1/2 suits for people who don't need suits except for zoom or webex meetings, the suit stops at about your belly button and of course there are no pants. Could be bundled with polka-dot undies.
I KNOW HOW TO OUTPIZZA THE HUT!!
Pretty crazy what you think
It would be very easy to make tabagism less dangerous.
A website that find pornstars that look like your crush
A way to test if we're in a simulation or not (or at least if we're in one that works like ours)
Unhole-in-one contest where you have to pay $10,000 if you miss the hole in one.
When they start drafting people, get a swastika tattoo. It disqualifies you from service.
Concept: when a person loses their virginity to another person, the second person gains one virginity. If a person lost their virginity to someone and then had sex with a virgin, they gain a virginity and become virgin again.
Replace Kix cereal with chickpeas.
An organic type processor that adds, moves or remaps connections and transistors over time in relation to frequently adopted algorithms or problems
Bubble wrapped chips
What if we had TWO presidents! One from each party and they have to come to a compromise in order to get stuff done.
A stock image site called Shitterstock where all the images depict toilets and excrement.
What if we could opt for our bank accounts to donate a tax-free penny to a charity of our choice automatically at certain frequencies?
A browser add-on that disables your cursor over the like button so you can stalk people's social media profiles without worrying about an accidental like on ancient pics or updates
Everyone google “why is my pee red” on December 1st 1pm EST. Confuse the hell out of search algorithms
Stop virtue signaling and make creative and entertaining posts
Now that Trump has lost we instate a 'Chud tax'. How will this work, you ask?.
A poster of the muller-lyer
Actually focusing on saving the planet
Urbanize swing states to turn them more blue: Use Democrat donations to fund the planning of a new city in PA called "Philadelphia 2"
an assasins creed game, that takes place in the 1970's or more modern times.
A movie about white blood cells killing viruses directed by Michael Bay
Movie critic site that uses a 6-star system.
TV without ads.
A reality show in which CEOs have to live off their lowest employee's salary for a month
Find people who have been deaf from birth and tell them farts are visible.
You said I can't wish for more wishes...
get Alex Jones to say he wants pictures of Spiderman
An Earth system virtualization would answer billions of questions
Tattoo your left arm with lots of flames. If a cop ever asks if there’s a firearm in your vehicle you say yes. When he asks where, you pull up your sleeve and he laughs. Maybe save yourself a ticket.
Trump should have gambled his entire debt that joe Biden would win the election so either he stays in office and debt people can’t get him or he leaves office and wins enough money to pay off his debt
A series of subs the merge the normal version and the shitty version together without any context
Fightr . A tinder for people who want to fight .
Reddit should have a toggle in the comment section that allows you to shift between reddit accounts.
Cars should come with a second horn that makes the sound of a branch cracking to scare deer off of the road
Upvote/Downvote idea
An Open-Source Game Console Operating System
Take the entire framework of PornHub but rebrand it as a regular video sharing site to compete against YouTube.
Robot vs. Human. Call it Battlebots v BattlebodsPut the abortion issue to a national vote and everyone who votes against it goes on a list to become foster parents.
If a family member asks that their ashes be scattered in a certain emotional place such as a beach or a forest, save the extra steps and just dump their corpse there after they die.
using your windshield wipers also turns on your lights
Being a father of children with different nationalities. Start a global network of my bloodline, and be part of those who sustain order.
This is a crazy idea and it actually works
All of the karma given on a subreddit also goes to the sub owner
Buy a vacant Pizza Hut building and convert it into a pizza-themed strip club called 'Pizza Slut'
Start a TV show with psuedo/fringe scientists talking about unexplained things. Blame it all on aliens. Make the public pacified to these unknowns.
A BIG forest and mountain area that a bunch of people live in and build houses and that with only a few rules such as no physical violence, with no currency and taxes or anything, where people build their own civilisation and live one for generations without connection to the outside world
Require that all battery doors on toys list the size and number of batteries so you know what you need *before* opening up everything.
There should be a mood ring to tell if your horny and make everyone wear one all the time.
In the middle of a major sporting event, make the live commentators talk about a completely different sport. Ex talking about F1 during the final day of the olympics
Usain Bolt running vs 600lb person rolling down a steep hill
Frieza emoji and the options are his forms
A zeplin but instead of hydrogen or helium we use aerogel under a vacuum
A button on youtube that let's you select channels you have lost interest in and unsubscribe them instead of going onto each individual channel.
A feature on facebook that lets you block posts about events that you don't want to hear about
A rechargeable fan/robot combination that will follow you around the house with bluetooth speaker built in kinda like alexa where you can talk to and instruct
An online map that shows and tracks local gloryholes.
YouTube should have a feature that shows channels doing content like what you normally watch, but way smaller channels. That way some smaller channels could get more support and views.
They’re not Mimes, They’re Gesture Jesters.
A program that tracks the political leanings of shows and news your consuming and gives you a report and warning if your intake is becoming too skewed to one side.
If I were a billionaire and wanted to really fuck with someone, I'd get them, like, a $1 million dollar Target gift card.
Pay per view surgeries.
Pairs of shoes should be sold with a spare third shoe, that is neither left nor right, but can be worn on either foot, in case one is damaged.
Allow posters to edit titles when they misspell/misword them. Moderators would approve and you'd be limited to one correction per day.
People on TV should wear masks on TV if only to normalize mask wearing
A debt forgiveness company
A device that you put in your food to detect poison, tells you if it’s safe to eat or not.
Only people that can predict the future should have offspring
3D print hundreds of thousands of Guy Fawkes masks and send them out like junk mail to everyone during the quarantine.
NFL adds 8 extra players on each team, widens the field 20 yrds, extends the field another 50 yrds, gives the offence 6 downs, and there's a tennis ball cannon behind each team's field goal controlled by two lucky fans helping their team by shooting tennis balls at the opposing one during plays.
Play Monopoly with real money
It’s the best opportunity to move olympics to online.
Instead of bottling drinks in plastic bottles, companies should have a fountain in stores where it can fill reusable containers of it's customers.
Crazy idea - What if Cities skylines - The sims - planet coaster got together to make a monster game?? + any others that could fitA FedEx competitor where if you order a package you have to perform sexual acts on the delivery guy so that he'll let you unload your own package and if you take too long he leaves and you don't get your package
Celebrate the birthdays at the end of your life now.
Foam stairs
There should be a "Reverse Karaoke" place, where they play a vocal-only sound and the band can play to match it.
a boat powered by seals
It's a year since people tried to storm area 51
Make every item the same price, government sanctioned
A clothes shop especially for skinny and short people called "Thin &amp; Small"
a stock market where people invest in each others net worth
A video streaming aggregation service called ONE that gives one directory and one interface for all subscribed services.
Instead of posting "did you know" facts or similar stuffs, just post the question that the fact answers, followed by the source that supports the fact.
A cop drama but from the perspective of a nobody officer
Someone make the reddit alien's antenna point straight up whenever something is done loading.
Make a pop-up shop for a weekend that has the exact layout look exactly like blockbuster in 2003 but instead of renting you just buy the selection. Have rare limited edition things for the collectors as well. Serve popcorn and have old Xboxs with split screen halo.
Elevators with urinals in it
White Privilege On Demand
Pay the studio behind Cats to make a sequel, then give anyone who watches the entire thing $50. The catch: Unless at least half of the people in the audience walk out, the studio has to pay it all back. They will have to create the most unwatchable movie ever made, but this time on purpose.
Thumbprint id but used to unlock your car
An app that allows you to scan barcodes to find out if a company uses prison labor.
Have politicians play among us so that everyone can know what their tells are when they are lying
Stripping all politicians and candidates of party titles to make voters vote based off of policies instead of party loyalty.
Question: Is there a sub for actual crazy ideas? People don't seem to react well when I post ideas that are just crazy and have no redeeming qualities
Tv channel showing less ads to promote social isolation, getting more viewers and positive spin.
Someone should play Black Sabbath's Iron Man while the rest of the band is playing Ozzy Osbourne's Crazy Train and hope no one notices.
Give rape victims the opportunity to rape their rapist
Elect a democrat and republican president; one governs the blue states, one governs the red. In 10 years, we use this data to see which governing ideology works best for the people.
In old sci fi movies from the 50s and 60s they showed people in the future wearing spandex outfits, I always thought it was funny how wrong they got it, but I just realized they got it totally right... they were wearing gym gear because they had to exercise all the time for their instagram selfies
Purchase ketamine and then go around tranquilizing random horses
All the athletes whose seasons were cancelled should start hosting streaming services to teach student athletes about their respective sports. It can help lighten the load of parents with their kids at home. And the kids will love getting chances to ask questions of the athletes.
Amazon should just replace their workers with customers, you shop in the warehouse and pick the items you want to buy in person, then you take them home sans shipping cost
Allow viewers to vote on the music figure skaters perform with.
Make billiards a contact sport.
A golden ticket to tour Adam Savages Workshop
The Washington Redskins should change their name to The Skins and play without Jerseys
Keep Away
An Assassination Classroom pinball machine where you control an anti sensei BB and you have to hit Koro Sensei's tentacles
the road to hell is paved with free pavement that you can break off and sell to road builders
Residential front doors where the latch mechanism is operated with a foot pedal.
Make cities completely white to help combat global warming
A "classy"/"preppy" subculture that will wear expensive suits and top hats.
Remake Jurassic Park (1993) as a sci-fi horror movie!
Everyone should know everyone's mood to understand how to communicate with them.
Create a tribe based on anti-tribalism. Invite everyone to join. Get world peace.
Translator earbuds, but hacked to filter out annoying songs in repetitive commercials
Join me random on my meeting!
Every ten years Governor's of each state pick over SCOTUS. President picks a tie breaker if needed.
Elizabeth Holmes should be appointed to a Trumps Coronavirus Task Force
If someone gives me reddit gold ill post a porn video of myself and a pen
A rotten tomatoes style website for video games and companies.
Drug dealers that dress up as Jehovah's Witnesses(or Mormon or whatever) and knock on customer doors with bibles in hand.
A confidential, secure service where victims of involuntary pornography can provide photos of identifying features (faces, tattoos), wherein a program will crawl the web, identify pages containing these features and after verification send cease and desist letters to all hosts.
Having a Minimum Job to Net Revenue Ratio for companies
Inequality for all so that it offsets and becomes equality
An 'undo' button on remotes for TV streaming devices
A game show where a group of people have to stand up for as long as possible. They have a chair behind them that they can sit in if they wish, but then they're eliminated. It's called Last Man Standing.
When watching a movie sequel in theaters, there should be a brief recap of the previous movie(s) before starting
Besides cuttinh video streaming default to 480p, Youtube should stop providing ads to keep the internet traffic clear also.
Twin Tower Themed Jenga blocks
Sprinkle bloody chopped liver in the stalls of a men’s bathroom
A movie that is about memes but it takes place on 2050. So that the creators can just put random crap there and call it a meme and we can't cringe at it for being outdated because we will be the ones outdated
An elder scrolls game that takes place over the entirely of tameriel, where the player helps fight in the second war of the empire and the aldmeri dominion
Just like in Tech and Gaming videos, they should put descriptions of parts used in a porn video too.
Domesticate pandas like we did with dogs.
A reverse Dexter: a show where instead of a murderer who only kills bad guys, it's a doctor who only saves bad guys' lives.
Have all newly produced bricks shaped like lego bricks.
Google Maps, but with nighttime aerial photography
Shortsell the Hedge Funds
A blood donation center where you donate blood to yourself, and for the next 41 days the hospital will hold it in case you require a transfusion.
Make all the world's nations agree to turn the calendars back by one year on January 1st, 2021, thus repeating 2020 and giving us a second to chance to make things better.
Cleaning space debris
Like athletes foot, more ills need better advertisable names. Maybe kissing dimples for the herp &amp; angel hickies for ringworm.
Wikipedia should do a page about ALL people who donate to them so you can go around and say I've got a wikipedia page
People should start buying out registries of people who have had to cancel their weddings or had babies during this pandemic .
A Chinese Hip-Hop outfit called 'The Wuhan Clan'
Good Samaritan where are you
If you just realized YESTERDAY that riots are bad, don’t lecture the rest of us who have been saying that all year.
Gopeeka
Install Confederate sculptures at an outdoor park at the foot of Mt. Rushmore so they're not on public display in parks but we never forget their existence.
Snoop Dogg for next president?
Go to some random cafe, but always the same one at the same time with the same person, and have a tailor make you 100 identical pairs of clothes where each successive one is 1% larger than the last, and wear each successive one each day until they say something about your appearance.
Every police officer bodycam should automatically upload their footage at the end of the day to a publicly available youtube channel, with badge numbers watermarked on the video.A series of artwork titled, “unarmed black man” that depicts a different black man in each piece doing random, mundane tasks.
G-rated porn
All enemies and bosses in video games should have a visible health bar!
Hook up your toilet to hot water. It'll save water.
Randomly exchange a countrys police force to another and see what happens
Carbon fiber solar powered trains with stationary bicycles which also powers the train.
Instead of poisonous insect repellant make tiny dragonfly shaped drones with cameras who chase down and kill any mosquitoes/biting insects who get within a certain perimiter of you.
StarKist Tuna-flavored SunKist soda.
Temporary winter "ski rope" lanes. Gotta walk 7 straight blocks? Strap on this pair of municipal skis and hang the fuck on. Drop off your skis at the end for the next person.
Speedrunning but for lego sets
Whoever coded the haiku bot that counts 17-syllable reddit comments should make another one, that replies to 11-syllable comments with "Spongebob Squarepants!"
Make a new game mode like permadeath, but if you die, your computer/console shuts down and just completely stops working forever. Call it 'Apocalypse Mode'.
A birthday card where the first letter of every sentence is part of a code to Itunes or Xbox or whatever so the person you give it to has to read it.
Blacks should arm themselves with guns and protest at city hall and settle the is-there-isnt-there racism debate once and for all
What if we made a story about a male rape victim?
Snapchat should have a feature where after you open or snap someone it automatically deletes certain conversations that you select to be deleted.
Open a college and call it "Super Harvard"
Not allowing people to upvote or downvote articles until they’ve opened the link.
Crazy idea about how to solve the coronavirus crisis
A museum based around concepts like flat earth and anti-vax but completely devoted to how stupid and wrong they are. Also, a cryptid wing for morons
Instead of using BTC and Ethereum as cryptocurrencies, we should use reddit awards.
Creating all possible images for a given resolution and color space
Start pooping while standing up in public bathrooms. It will give your leavings a significant fall to cause a loud splash that will assert dominance over other bathroom dwellers and you'll be more ready to fight anyone who bursts in on you.
A mannequin heater. A heater in the shape of a mannequin so you can put your clothes on it and it warms up the inside
Town Lottery/Lottery Day
The ultimate 24 hour piano recital?!
Underwater society
A MASSIVE list of game-changing porn titles I have come up with this past 2 years.
Baking contests. Whoever gets the most votes on how good their pastry is, they get elected President
Buy an old mansion, a buttload of parrots, and train them to become NPC's in a murder mystery party!
There should be an option to take back the award from a comment which is edited to add "thank you kind stranger"
Unconditional food stamps, with a twist
End double-standards. A law is automatically repealed, or people cant be sentenced for it, if no rich or powerful person has been sentenced for it in the last 5 years.
Power at 400 percent capacity, sir
Marvel should film a scene where Nick Fury dies and put it in a movie in case Samuel L. Jackson dies in the middle of filmingI have an idea
I see and hear him
A pedestrian horn so people can honk back at cars
Have a part of police officer training be improv classes. The benefits might seem out of context but I think it could be a way to change their interactions with the public for the better
Let's commission a study to prove that the pun is the highest form of humor.
Judges be judged
A pac man clone. Pac man is frasier the dots are pills and the ghosts are eddie?
On websites that need passwords, putting a note under password that tells you what the password requirements are so you know which password to use (example: Atleast 1 number, 1 uppercase, 1 lowercase, 1 special character and 8 characters long)
A community movie,where the study group just plays monopoly for 2 hours.
Remake Titanic, but it also takes place in the AvP universe and there's a bunch of Aliens and Predators on the boat killing passengers as they're trying to escape the boat in life boats that are getting blown up by that shoulder mounted rocket thing that Predator has, left and right.
Car washes for humans. For when I you’re in the middle of your day but you already feel so dirty and haggard, yet want to feel fresh?
Slightly reduce the chance of nuclear war by requiring all nuclear missles have a little sperm on their tip so whenever a polician threatens to nuke someone, they are simultaneously threatening to throw sperm on them, which strangely, public opinion would be much more against
Drone tours of museums and national parks.
instead of Ninja and Shourd, Mixer should have signed contract with all hololive talents, and it might bring more viewer base to the platform, with less cost than the previous two combined
A filter that goes on the end of the penis for menand over the hole where girls piss out of that makes urine drinkable
KIDS WHO AREN'T GETTING GOOD GRADES SHOULD BE SHOT BY THE PRINCIPAL
Sorry, I do not want to bump my elbow, that I’ve been coughing and sneezing into, with your elbow, that you’ve been coughing and sneezing into
Enable cheat code: Screaming Fish irl
A subreddit for ideas people have that are completely crazy, and would never actually happen in real life
Eradicate Covid19: Step1 Get millions of young women pregnant and lactating. Step2 infect them with covid19. Step Three replace all milk cows with lactating women. Step Four let the elderly around the world drink the milk, so they have the antibodies and survive.
What if we actually can see microscopic organisms but they're so small they don't register?
Turn the Twelve days of Christmas into a scavenger hunt. Post pics with the appropriate hashtag.
A system where you pay the same income tax but can choose what percentage goes to which government program.
Rather than going to war, important political figures should play a game of russian roulette
We should pay everyone who tests positive for coronavirus $1000.
All pleabargains where they confess should include the confessor getting paid $1 so they can say they were paid to say that, both by the dollar and by the reduced risk of other court actions
Then, form a class action
Perfect human cloning - then create a reality TV show where people clone and raise themselves
Have the debate but it's just Biden. Give him a chance to speak without interruption.
Become the most influential protest candidate that has ever existed by telling every dirty secret about yourself on live television and successfully set the trend that scandals in politics lead to immediate impeachment and replacement
To encourage humility on the part of the Chief Executive, Constitutionally prohibit the President from wearing clothing of any kind.
Create restrictions on news outlets using the term "BREAKING NEWS"
Rank people on reddit to see whose upvotes/downvotes are the most predictive of good/bad content
A r/ for alzheimer where every day we post the same
A bed that literally doesn’t let you go to sleep angry and doors that won’t let you into the house until your anger subsides/ a companion app for the basic idea.
Kidz Bop makes a remake of WAP, but replace it with mop.
If everyone stays in their house for 2 weeks the virus will die.
Everybody here is against me, or nobody is here at all. That dark spot tried to talk to me again today.
Everybody signs up for free credit bureau accounts Experian, TransUnion, and Equifax. Dec 23rd 2020, holiday season, we all dispute every credit account including and especially student loan debt. They have 30 days to respond to the dispute, and if they don't it's removed from your credit report.
Design a highly contagious virus that presents no symptoms but makes 50% of those infected infertile. Release this virus into all countries that are over-populated or that require population control.
Police body cameras should record 24/7 with no option to stop recording
An Adulting Consultant
merry dunkin chrismas
If r/memes started banning users when they "died" in the memeovirus event, we would take it a lot more seriously.
The 29th of February should be a Public Holiday as yearly salaries don't increase for the extra day of work.An app like Shazam that detects the movie or TV series based on a picture or clip.
The charging port on cell phones should be illuminated so you can easily plug it in in the dark.
Anchor a large cable from the north pole to the moon to speed up travel and colonisation
Joe Biden died of COVID-19 sometime in March. The DNC is using makeup and CGI to keep up appearances until November.
Make the resale of any health products for profit highly illegal during a pandemic
Create the equivalent of GIFs but with sound instead of image.
Omegle except it’s all grandmothers randomly connecting to other grandmothers since they can’t go to their usual social clubs
Terrorism cannot exist in a government where people are all equally represented.
U.S. should have a website and a billboard in front of the White House displaying the name of the person who paid the most tax that year.
A mouse pad that wirelessly charges a mouse
make trash collecting robots, and have the worlds top gamers pilot them
If police won't wear body cameras, just everyone else wear 'em!
Applying for jobs as Hank Hill on job apps/sites.
Instead of putting criminals in jail, just banish them into the wild
What about a simple rule that if something cannot be recycled, the factories can not produce itCreate or choose a country where all the people who reject the government's 1984 type regime can live and not be a total submissive b****.
Ban political parties
Let people in constitutioncies vote for non party members and every 2 years they can decide to keep him or vote with over 50% an new one so the MPs are always liked
Phone inputs should be on the ceiling of our cars so we can place it on the visor to prevent from spills, overheating from the sun and being sat upon.
Toothpaste made mostly of sugar-free waffle batter, so you can brush your teeth in the kitchen and spit right into the waffle iron while you’re making breakfast.
Only your friends can edit your social media profile
All the global leaders in science,presidents of countries Should Decide 1 Location,1 Time On Some Specific Date To Be The First Location In Time For a Person To Go To If They Discover Time Travel
Waterproof laminated books
Instead of politicians deviously creating extra work you have to do to get stuff from the government, that government wants to give it to less people, all processes happen instantly BUT they attach a proof-of-work requirement, not the crypto kind, but you have to hop on 1 foot for N hours
Replace congress with a crowdsource app full of anyone that cares to participate and be verified a legit citizen then get to make bills and vote on them. literally by the people.
I'm going to make a bot that comments "This is not an unpopular opinion" on every single post on r/unpopularopinion.
Whoever wins speedrunning Spongebob Squarepants: Battle for Bikini Bottom speedrunning competitions should be greeted by Tom Kenny himself, in his Powerpuff Girls narrator voice.
A cooking style based on how your burps taste, like how people pair wine and cheese, combine foods to make your burps flavorful.
An opensource, not-for-profit moonshot project idea in the edtech space
New kind of Rick Roll.
Volcano Submarines
Hot Smoothies
Grow a bunch of tiny uteruses in your brain which each grow a fetus which has a tiny insect-like brain at first, and keep growing those brains until they merge with your brain to get extra brain cells and become super smart
Next time there is a protest riot local bands need to go set up just outside the area for a free festival to draw people away from being all violent and crap.
A coconut
Instead of making new songs sound like they're from the 80s or 90s, try mondernizing old songs.
Tailgate churches when famous pastors come to preach then sit in on their sermon and loudly demand they play their greatest hits (Example: Do loaves and fishes bro! I know you hear me!)
An adult cartoon about a guy who obtained all the powers of a snail and decided he must take it upon himself to travel through time and beat up all the French people to avenge his lost brother
Disband USPS and give their budget to new organization whose task is to bring fiber optic internet cable everywhere.
I bet we’ll see pre impending lockdown parties.
A COVID-19 face mask that you can stick various facial features onto with velcro, like Mr. Potatohead.
I, we, are fucking fed up with this shit. Quit half assing-
We should self isolate for maybe 3-4 weeks every 10-20 years regardless of a pandemic.
Let us not obligate EVERYONE, including millionaires and billionaires, and emerging trillionaires to pay taxes. Legalize mass bribery.
Spreddit!
A Battle Royale called Royale .08, where you can only play if you’re intoxicated.
A trampoline with GPS, AI tracking and bluetooth that follows you as you jump ensuring you always land in the perfect spot. 6 independent off-road wheels with height adjustment for bouncing around on mountains. Travel cross-country by bouncing. The possibilities are endless.
A GPS alarm clock combo so you can fall asleep on the bus with your earbuds in and set it to wake you up at a specific location
Cross Platform and cross app Video Conferencing
What if Orwell didn't foresee anything, instead he just got told what to write?
Make a law that boys can only be named names that end with a consonant, and girls can only be named names that end with a vowel.
A subreddit called “SmokerChains” where people post screenshots of confusingly hilarious chains of comments.
Neighborhoods should have a “skit night” where each house puts on a short performance for drive-by audiences.
Make formula 1 great again, twin turbos, nitro, no weight limit superchargers, rocket systems, the lot!
Everyone stay inside for 10 days. Covid curbed heavily. Things get better.
In high school, only being taught 1 subject per day in a cycle.
Human Website.
create an artificial life form that the viruses are attracted to . they infect the the AL but not able to completely reproduce because of planned defect in the AL cells.
All parents anre evaluated and paid based off of how well they raise their kids
What if everyone believed in God? And instead of using their time to gain more money at the expense of others getting less, they used it to help others in need?
Is it possible?
ventriloquist car horn that sounds like it's coming from the car you're mad at, using a drone
Presidential candidates in a debate will be administered a mild electric shock for going over time.
Nail clippers but like those craft scissors that cut paper into funky shapes
If you have to go outside, smoke a cigar so no one wants to come within six feet of you.
Creating hospital beds in schools that have been closed down.
If you were to make addictive toothpaste, people would always have fresh teeth.
Unusual challenges
Make June 19th - July 4th a national two-week holiday in the United States to celebrate our independence from the shackles of our violent history.
COVID-19 thoughts
Rule 34 Saint Isodore
A mandatory 5 hour session of cock and Ball torture for everyone who makes a post criticizing Trump on this subreddit
The US should change its national anthem to “Wake up” by Rage Against the Machine
Augmented reality as a therapeutic tool for Autistic persons
A touchscreen phone with only texting, calling, email and google maps.
In LinkedIn settings, have the option to specify job titles you specifically do NOT want recruiters to contact you about.
A subscription service that lets you subscribe to any number of services in one place, and bills them to you all at once.
Link office elevators to your electronic calendar and give it facial recognition so it knows where to go.
An "heartful" drinking game
A televised event where people from both sides of the political spectrum explain their opinions and concerns without resorting to hyperbole, accusations, and name-calling.
We should have a glory hole for hand holding.
Contact lenses that turn everything dark mode
A reboot of HBO's Deadwood called "Dogwood" but it's all dogs and the language is rare pupper speak
A new word suffix: -ablegh. Meaning ‘able but annoyed and lazy’
Masks for anti-maskers who now want to wear a mask, but are afraid their social group will judge them
We should re-build all the ancient wonders of the world.
Every biopic exist in same universe
Stickerbanks where you can donate spare stickers that you're not going to use but still think are worthy of being stuck, and then people can visit and spruce up new devices with all different kinds
I love my idea for a new sport but it didn't get the reaction i was hoping for on a sport thread. Maybe this sub will be more interested?
Trees should have different colored leaves per property so crazy neighbors can easily identify who to yell at
A giant umbrella to block out the sun and cool the planet
I bet it would be fun to sled down a log flume ride after a snow and/or ice storm.
Paravision song contest for tone deaf singers
Used Automobile rankings
How to make an ambient synth pad guitar sound
Make a keyboard with key velocity sensitivity, and have that determine your font size.
Like Reddit, but 75% of the awards revenue goes to charities selected by the award givers out of a list
Hey guys! Pls help me out! Sharing might help too :)
COVID-19/Coronavirus: How to stop the Pandemic
A board game like Risk, but it's a 2000 piece jigsaw puzzle first. That way you're already not friends anymore before the real game begins.
A traffic sign where any time two drivers stop at the intersection at the same time, they must change vehicles. The Swap Sign.
A subreddit where you discuss which reddit accounts are used by the same person
App game where the goal is to record random people and bait them into saying racist things or assaulting you
Google should have a feature that can be embedded into social media comments that returns answers/top search results, particularly for commenting on a posts that present questions that would be answered more efficiently by performing a Google search instead.
Americans should donate our $600 to organize the logistics for a modern Constitution/government, redirect taxes into it, then we can label the other one an invalid parasitic regime.
An app for rebounds.
Ok but, if you bite your fingers and accidentally swallow a piece of skin, does that make you a cannibal?
The reason the fall colors particularly on the east-coast are so vividly vibrant is because there was a chemical war in prehistory times that mutated the ground and soil to forever shed trees with incredible almost impossible seeming colors
A Youtube reaction channel reacting to Youtubers' reaction videos
Welcome to the inspiring start.
Cell phone alarm clocks should notify 5 minutes before the alarm goes off.
Make a Southern Pride flag
Instead of a burial, take your corpse to a taxidermist like they make animal heads to hang on a wall, and have your nonrottable corpse crucified.
Just as one can predict a stock to increase and invest, they should be able to predict a stock to decrease and “divest”.
Make the word “man” be the general gender-neutral word for humanity and individuals, and if you want to specify gender, say he-man or she-man.
Now that Amazon has their own delivery fleet, they should setup a recycling service whereby they pick-up broken down Amazon boxes from previous orders.
App idea - Game Shame - The app where you bet on sports games using pranks or stunts. So if you lose the bet, you must upload a video of yourself doing the agreed upon prank or stunt for everyone to see.
After quarantine, if an employee can work remotely but their company does not allow it, the company should pay all commuting costs and a tax on top of it!
If Facebook is tracking our faces, at least show me who my doppelgänger is
Helium cookies
Rowling: Bowling played on roller skates.
Have a mandatory indefinite jail term for people who violate pandemic laws based on the amount of people still infected.
Let's solve global warming using Maxwell's demon.
When I see a repost for say the 3rd time I click the user who posted it and if they have too much karma (karma farming) I block them and never have to see their reposts again.
Hello fellow redditors I have an wonderful idea of flooding the chat of the youtube live stream "WATCH: Mars Cam Views from NASA Rover during Red Planet Exploration #Mars2020"​ at 9:00 PM GMT Feb 23 2021 to celebrate the 5th day since Perseverance landed
Keep all the Nascar races virtual, that way the drivers can keep taking more risks and we can all laugh when the cars crash instead of worry.
Animal crossing is like the Holocaust, once they hop on that train theres no turning back.
Bank Logins , Clone Cards Dumps , Fullz ,Credit Card with high balance of 7000$ and can be use for cashout available at cool rate... TextNow @(469) 444-1907 Telegram @Craigtemes
Everybody talk trash about knives. Let's see if a movement to ban all knives happens.
Your thoughts below:
A misinformation campaign that makes it trendy to settle differences with a game of ping pong.
Everyone completely ignores POTUS.
Set up an online tax-paying site that looks like a GoFundMe for fighting
Presidential candidates should be chosen by another branch of government by their contributions to bettering the country
A demon lord named Jessica Smith. When ask, they answer "Well my parents didn't think i would turn like that."
Game show where they don’t announce the correct answer if you get the question wrong
A sub that is a mixture of TIFU and WritingPrompts. A poster describes TL;DR of a fuck up in the title and then commenters come up with stories that fit this short description
Give out free guns and ammo to every American living under the poverty line.
a system that covers a house , like a fire proof sheet, if there is fire in the area. so the house is protected from burning.
A sport-themed sports car
4 Day Work Week
This.....Alllllllll of this.
The next step to phone message reading software should be hyperlinking when r/subredditnName is scanned
Flipping 3.14 (pi) backwards makes the word pie
Make the space button type a tab but tabs look like spaces except when they're the first things on a line
We should be able to hide subreddits that you dgaf about so they don’t show In your popular tab
Influencere's Marketing gudie Instagram Grow your Instagram Increase your business influence in just 3 dollars
Dollor cost averaging with 1$ a day
No more politicians
Reverse Begging
R/Craziest
We get AntiMaskers to sub to a new AntiMaskers subreddit make it get big , then change the name to ProMaskers
Jack Nicholson in Citizen Kane
Someone should make a vidja game set in the world where Qanon bullshit is all true. It would be like Deus Ex but way wackier.
Grocery store and food service workers should go on strike right now and demand better pay
Rename Virginia to "East Virginia"
Blatant and unapologetic racism should be classified as a mental disorder and the treatment should involve putting the patient in a straitjacket and forcing them to interact with kind people of other races against their will
Mouth condoms!
Grass that only grows to a certain length.
A taxation system where you can choose where 50% of your contributions are going to.
"That 70s Show" but the Germans won the war.
Some jerkass Alternative Dimestion is getting all our fun and they have no idea what is happeneing to them
A mandalorian video game, like Jedi fallen order.
Have snapchat keep recording for a second after you take your finger off the record button. That way whenever something crazy happens, and you instinctually take your finger off the record button, you can still end that crazy snapchat that would have been on to /r/gifsthatendtoosoon.
For the locust problem in Africa - they should just fry them with microwaves or roast them with a solar furance.
An on-call service when you really have to pee but you are really comfortable in bed or on the couch, you pay someone to come hold a cup for you to pee in and they go and flush it for you so you don't have to get up
Rename dog grooming to doggy styling.
Using the powers of inception to get Trump to change his policies
A creative way to provide accountability to moderators
Governments should use ways to lure ants to a pile of sweets in a forest or lands away from civilization. So that I could leave my bread with jam for 5 minutes and not have to worry about it.
A simple universal international symbol on water bottles that shows whether it’s still or sparkling
Find online dating girls for love relation
reincarnate before you die
a section on the back of a bus for racists
If Trump tries to start a war, pay off the national debt by auctioning him off to the country that bids the most.
The Anti Lottery. Buy a ticket and you get free money, when results are drawn the winner takes on all the debt of total tickets sold
Maybe Ghosts in history are tech sensors from the future
People are too greedy to become president. Change the job so its less attractive, so only those who actually want to improve the world will be willing to do it. Something like, they dont get to shave for 4 years and have to wash dishes while being whipped.
An open ended rubber band with small velcro strip at one end and corresponding velcro strip at the other end. So many times I wanted a rubber band around a post to hold an item.
An option to "Install updates when I exit" for every single software product that can update itself automatically.
A forward button on phones. For when you hit back one too many times and you lose where you were.
A venom-like movie with dipper and bill
Create a YouTube function where after you subscribe to a channel, any clips of that channel saying "Be sure to like and subscribe, Turn your notifications on, etc" are edited out of their videos.
A 6-digit PIN created by you for people to call you. Without it, people cannot call your phone, such as scammers and telemarketers and robocalls.
Give everyone cheap stationary bikes that generate electricity, make it mandatory to connect them to the power grid and then require everyone to generate electricity in order to qualify for a COVOD-19 test
Porn Playlist for fappers where the intensity and camera angle of the scenes are constant in a way that you don't have to jump video to finish.
Scented candles that smell like rain.
DIY face mask using pigs lungs
Retractable road signs should be implemented.
Paint half the White House black to show support for Black Lives Matter.
YouTube should have better tools to protect creators and allow viewers to promote good content
A recut of the entire MCU with all the Endgame time heist sequences inserted into the original movies
Make a new episode of 'Hoarders' all about billionaires
Make anyone who eats meat take equal responsibility for the entire chain of events they pay for and then send out a radio message to advanced aliens whose cognitive abilities are equal in difference between humans and the animals that said humans eat.
Carbon reduction efforts should be rewarded with "sin currency" to incentivise action against climate change.
For naming tropical storms, after the first alphabetical round of people names has passed have the next round be STD's. So you'll have storms like Hurricane Herpes.
Each major human race needs to have their own country and government. A home.
Malwarespacebarthatspacebarreplacesspacebarspacesspacebarwithspacebarthespacebarwordspacebar"spacebar"
Instead of a dog pound killing dogs with an injection, sell the dogs to a hunting area
Reddit blocks posts from America for the month of June; releases Reddit.us for their own users
Allow them to protect most government secrets BUT they dont get to pick which ones - At random times, anything the government is doing may be automatically (by an official system) displayed on a .gov website where anyone may copy it, and certified by strong security algorithms that its true
Just ... Invade Brazil
Instead of arguing for your policies and against your opponents. For Presidental debates they have to argue their opponents policies and pick apart their own.
Plague Inc. devs should threaten to release a patch "nerfing" the US reflecting its COVID responses if we don't improve our response
Always stay young
If you step out of line you lose your place
Name your child Covid and create a GoFundMe to pay for them to see the world when they turn 19
If a Worldleader does something that result in the dead of someone, the Worldleader should be executed
A fast food joint/supermarket/dessert place...
Make the walls of the prison inclined inwards so it's harder to escape
Social media is a cancer and this is how we cure it
Fog less body mirrors should be a standard in all showers
Beltway toll booth but with a twist
List the items for sale and prices in the drive thru
If you can’t hum your ringtone upon request, you lose the use of your mobile phone for 1 year. I may as well give mine up now because I have no idea.
Need ideas for a side project so I can stop procrastinating on learning how to code (Python, JS, R, C)
Oreos that have already been dunked in milk sold in packets. I don’t know how it would work but it would be epic
Be able to search/see the song by BPM on Spotify, Apple Music etc
Ban straws and plastic soda tops and replace them all with biodegradable coffee sipper tops.
Make the air inside your home slightly pressurized to prevent flies from entering when your windows are open
Trading options for the stash of food needed in case of pandemic, to prevent food hoarding. The buyers pay a premium for the right but not the obligation to pick up their food basket at their discretion within a certain time period
Everyone should comment a number one higher than the previous comment
Record every projectile fired by every stormtrooper in all 9 movies and then calculate the actual hit % of the average stormtrooper in Star Wars
Cough on a politician.
Make a book, film, video game or any artform containing nothing but clichés and stereotypes
Brain chip simulator you can actually try out.
If you ever end up in a situation where someone asks you "what the three states of matter are", just respond by stomping the ground, spit, and blow some air.
Buying stock in musicians
Can you start using the saying "they can blow a cinder to a wildfire" as a way to indocate a person is good at oral sex/ fellatio
Remove all safety warnings from car interiors
Get rid of holes in spiral notebooks, they are annoying. Most people don’t even put them in their binders anyways
A way to find only saved posts under different subreddits.
Extra small electric motors you just strep on a lifeguard, so they can be faster without a boad
Mitt Romney was intentionally released from the Republican party to be a plan B or C down the road when Trump loses the election that tries to align with things Trump opposes to endear himself to the other side.
Reddit should introduce an option to post without getting karma points. In that way we can see if the post is meant to be posted with a good purpose and not for karma whoring.
Having a 20 hour day and still getting 8 hours of sleep (legitimately follow me here)
Ad campaign for fighting covid using beloved celebriries
A law prohibiting sex offenders from holding elected office
What if your favourite sports league (NBA/MLB/NFL etc)
A Pope of the Year contest. To be eligible you have to be th Pope.
Netflix should have a feature that lets you video chat with someone who wants to watch the same thing as you, so you can watch it together.
Change all social media profile pictures to yourself in a mask.
AOC should make an only fans account instead of raising taxes
Take the cost of giving birth in the hospital from the parents and put it onto the newborn, where on the day they turn 18, they now owe the amount of money it cost to bring them into this world.
Guys, This is It: Take a Big Ladle of soup, big sip of hot coffee, schortle-full of Milk, "Yep." and I could do it myself, but, if I did it myself? It Wouldn't BEGIN Dangerous, and, "what's the fun of that," I do have some rather, "hugely," nuanced and, deeply, considered, theories, about, what....
Make football safer by taking all the protection (minus helmets and joint protection) away, thus deincentivising hard hits.
A stress ball that is personally modeled after your bf’s nuts, and it’s called “Stressticles”
911 should call you back the next day to rate your satisfaction with the service
Give everyone in the world corona virus to get rid of the people who don’t believe it’s real.
Paper companies should CashApp the cost of a bandaid if you send them a photo of your papercut.
Reddit Paint Night
I found a way to fight anxiety and depression, made an app during my recovery journey!
Abolish political parties. All of them.
Have a movie theater with the screen on the roof, so people can lie down on reclining chairs and watch easier.
Phones autoblock "Scam Likely" calls
Let's stop using billions when referring to someone's wealth. Jeff Bezos is worth 181 thousand million dollars seems to put his net worth into better perspective than 181 billion dollars.
VEHİCLE TRADES
Make your voicemail so you pretend to talk to them and you’re like “hey, why’d you call?” And they start talking to themselves and eventually you just tell them it’s your voicemail.
Women jeans sized like bras: a number for the waist size and a letter for booty thickness
Don’t know if it’s crazy but...hand soap that changes color to indicate 20 seconds has been reached when washing?
Recycle styrofoam into islands for the polar bears.
Change human DNA so that all men look the same and all women look the same. Then its only about personality and not how you look.
To protect your assets against inflation, pickle all of your cash.
Every Australian leaves their fridge open. Collectively lowering Australia’s overall temperature, making the fires easier to fight.
An inverse chocolate-chip cookie: a solid disc of chocolate with bits of cookie dough sprinkled on the surface
Suggestion to Bolonsaro
Use video games for educating real life skills
Change the official spelling of misspell to missplel.
self correction theory of everything: connecting Covid19, eugenics with quantum mechanics, quantum tunneling, spirituality and philosophy
Make movement with goal to make everyone consider autocorrect as computer virus
Replace all the levees in New Orleans with Levi’s
We should interfere with Russian elections
A set of siblings named Phoebe, Fibi, Feebee, Fee B.,and Fiebie
A protective tube in your throat that prevents smoking from causing cancer
Send a copy of The Wolf of Wall Street to Clearplay or VidAngel and see what they make of it.
Solving the melting ice caps, rising sea level and drought (SMIRSAD)
Protesters should protest in front of Trump properties, and other known racist organizations so that they lose the business, not innocent business owners.
We should have a separate government-funded entity to investigate police officers.
Hitman Santa
Let’s institute anti-indulgences, where you can pay money to the church to ensure someone goes to Hell.
Trump knew he would lose
A “professional nagging” service that provides live wake up calls, bugs you about diet/exercise via video conference and reminds you to call your mother more often.A video game that gives you worlds and characters to play based off of the shows and movies you watch...
Joe Biden
Is there a place to "market" my bot?
Put capsaicin in Epinephrine call it Peppernephrine. See how much someone who accidentally eats a peanut wants to breathe versus not feeling horrible burning.
Wave-powered off-shore desalination plant
Both 2016 and 2020 were the worst year imaginable. There is only one thing we can do.
An app where companies donate to Alzheimer research if you watch short ads you'll probably forget anyway.
Smart home hubs should make you say please or thank you after a command... It would probably condition people to be more polite.
A VR program that triggers your memories and senses to eat unhealthy food as much as you want without real world consequences.
Release a whole series of new 8 and 16 bit video games in the 2020s.
Elon Musk should disappear, get plastic surgery, change his name to Mr. Scorpio (or buy the dictionary industry and just change meaning of words), and stage a take over of the US south
Santa gets a big, fat blunt instead of cookies and reindeer get edibles instead of carrots
A reality tv competition where experts in cleaning clean different kinds of situations
Everyone keeps talking about adding dark mode to every app, but I would pay for an option to put the main things at the bottom of the screen.
How about now that broadcast media is losing ground to other sources we reinstate the Fairness Doctrine?
Please do not read this post. It is private.
A virtual reality library in which time is accelerated
Instructions on how to put Christmas decorations back in the box after Christmas.
Drug testing for every U.S. president
Trump should televise his weekly golf games and donate the proceeds to fund COVID research
Everyone moves out of cities and we spread America out in small towns across our land. Most major problems seem to happen in high population areas. Problem solved.
Taxes paid are confined to your country of residence.
Sell empty credit cards for that 14 day free trial that will definitely not charge you after the trial has ended
Any news channel that posts "BREAKING NEWS" more than once per hour should be banned
Add vaccination reminders to apple health including annual ones, repeating ones, and new ones you may have missed.
A Castlevania game set in London, New York, and Tokyo in the 70's and 80's featuring an Ozzy Osborne/ Black Sabbath soundtrack.
Fill the fire fighting helicopters with a bio-degradable dye, and dump it on large crowds breaking quarantine.
Derek Chauvin should have been dragged out his house by the police last night and executed on his lawn.
A brand of condom called "Pocket Rocket"
Get Phil Collins to be Rush's drummer
Ditch police officers. Have Peace Officers.
A new kind of robbery. When someone commits it, they are called a pantry pirate. Instead of stealing valuable stuff, they go through your pantry and consume as much of your food as possible
Hentai Randomiser
Sterilise all the aggressive geese
Asking Reddit to switch their upvote button with their downvote button
Get Corona, visit as many Trump rallies as possible, save America.
a bird house with a glory hole in the back
Like GoFundMe but for weed
Two radio stations, on adjacent wavelengths, run by the same company. When one is playing music, the other is playing ads, and vice-versa. You can sell twice as much as much ad space, and no one actually has to listen to them.
Personal tactical self-defense denile vest... (PTSD-v)
Huge plate of spaghetti but it’s only one spaghetti and it’s just piled up
The reason theirs so much violence in history...
Place horn honk counters at road construction sites. Activate them when the job is finished. Give bonuses on satisfaction inferred from number of honks received. Bonuses are liquor, drugs and hookers. No honks, you go to church.
What if corporations insure that democracy prevails just to plant their own ideas into our minds through advertisement propaganda to make us "think" it's what we want therefore persuading our votes and the course of history..
A post-apocalyptic movie or TV-show which is set well after the apocalypse, and focuses on people trying to reclaim the Earth as much as survive it
Comb subreddits about relationships, marriage, children, parenting, and ask____ in search of stories about infidelity, then do the following and watch the world burn:
Looking for people that want to support Yinzonico Music
11 secret herbs and spices
Go to a drive-thru, don't even bother leaving an order, go to the pick-up section and say "I'll have the usual"
Ban the use of licensed music in advertisements.
Something extremely wide that catches a ton of rain water up high and funnels it into a small opening were it turns a propeller similar to a river dam, water gets stored and used for irrigation on nearby farms.
Fevers exist because viruses actually spread more easily in the cold, and your body has evolved to compensate for the lower temperatures of winter so your immune system functions more efficiently.
Capri Sun should come with a candy straw.
A radio station that only plays overly-enthusiastic karaoke versions of famous songs
Inviting you to take part in our new project
Is it harder to play ping pong with nunchucks or hit a mlb fast ball?
Allow people to opt out of treatment for COVID-19 if they wish.
Everyone on Reddit who has a post titled "we need a new plague" should get a Reddit trophy to congratulate them.
move apart blacks and whites in USA?
Buy Fox News and slowly turn it into a left-leaning network. See if their die-hard viewers notice the narrative change.
Becoming a police officer should require a minimum IQ score, not a maximum IQ score
Default volume settings
A web-based team sport for all of us who are at home. Say, Team Pong where teams of 5 people compete as each team member gets a separate section of the screen to defend.
A toilet paper that changes color if you need to wipe one more time. We'll go with blue, bright bright blue.
A flat-Earther race show.
Dating App Idea
Start a funny weird smelly forest by planting two trees at a time. It will be puppet trees and at the top they will have a can of pee each. Because there are two, it will have birds, two can of pee trees, four east.
New Ouija board editions should come with a range of emojis
Reddit should have a wholesome tab that has no political or controversial content. Just toastme, wholesome, catgifs, mlem, etc.
we should all commit in advance to not believe anything the government says just before election time
Online forums like Reddit should have a “report for poor grammar or spelling” button. If a user gets enough reportable actions the platform will make them take a short spelling or grammar course to help develop them as a person.
People who invaded the capital building shouldn't get a stimulus check!
A very large crouton, and a bowl carved out. They’d serve the salad inside the crouton
CB Radio App
A delivery tracking system that continues to update you on your driver's progress after they have delivered your item.
Quarantine Door-To-Door Voting
They should make a new documentary series along the same lines as Tiger King but about Goop
Put 2 Infected COVID-19 in a room fighting each other and whoever wins gets attended first
Reddit should stop playing a video when I scroll down to view the comments
Elon Musk, a Netflix Original
A reputable website that archives all known computer viruses and includes download links.
If (when) they make a new Terminator film, they should use existing robots that we are aware of (like Boston Dynamics' running robot) as the bad guys, if the company is willing. Those things are damn freaky!
You should be able to call any number back. Phones don’t work if you use private numbers.
Make a movie called constipation so nobody can tell that joke about the movie called constipation that never came out.
Go to conventions, gatherings and people watching fireworks with bank vault dye packs and explode them, forever marking the shaming the participants who are not social distancing
You make an actual ad for a company that looks exactly like the office « real » Michael Scott ad
We should make a test in the U.S. on how to identify disinformation and intentionally divisive media and make every citizen who wants to vote take and pass it before they're allowed to actually vote.
Sleep doesn’t do too much when it’s your soul that’s tired..
The answer we have been looking for- A way to get rid of anti-vaxxers
The Inception Burger
Frying whole potatoe
A movie in which the bad guy kills escapes prison and kills people using origami weapons
With as many card decks as Bicycle puts out, all with unique art, it really wouldnt kill them to give each deck their own suits instead of rehashing spades/clubs/hearts/diamonds.
Car windows and screens that can't be frosted or have condensation form on them, no matter how cold it gets.
A Bike but Roombas as wheels.
Start a puzzle Company that sells 1000 piece puzzles. Intentionally duplicate 2 of the pieces to be the same, thus resulting in 1 piece missing. Sell that 1 piece on your website for $99.
Food supply in Space
A court that does the opposite: Rewards you on good behavior
Now that we all get to experience not having to touch other people, how about we eliminate handshakes, welcome hugs, and kiss hellos all together
Cars that are installed with 3D printers that self-repair your vehicle immediately after damage is caused...
Throat punch people who say "Rona".
The Basics of starting a Home Based Business
Make soldiers scary af wearing Mickey Mouse masks
If you want COVID deniers to stop going out, put fake 5G towers near the places they frequently visit
Going forward, all N-95 face masks have to be manufactured in the form of Plague Doctor masks
A death tax in which the government gets a larger percentage the longer your life is
Let’s see the ladies start a new leave you panties in the Uber challenge
Ban all straight segments of roads, make everything into a series of interconnected roundabouts.
Enlonged Musk, the opposite of a deodorant.
Reddit client which hides the upvote count and karma
Bojack Horseman Netflix Animated Stand-Up Special
Deep Fake created endings for cliffhanger movies or TV shows.
A Massively Multiplayer Advanced Wars Game
Follow for follow
A group of a million redditors putting in a dollar every paycheck and gift it to a lucky random redditor within the same group. You cannot win twice but you can still donate. So we'll make 2 random millionaires a month.
A post office (paid) service to filter the junk mail (basically recycle the paper) you get from legitimate mail before it gets to you.Television studios: ASAP you should release all the pilot episodes from projects that never got a green light
Earth is the Venn diagram of Heaven &amp; Hell. All the influences are to your discretion.
Rotten Tomatoes should add an option on their site to remove critics' review was so useless you can opt never to see the critic again
Add bike lanes inside major transportation hubs in order to get to your plane/train faster.
School should have lessons on how to manage mental illnesses like depression and anxiety
Somebody should take one for the team hurry up the supreme court turnover rate.
Sports but the referees try to get the ball as much as possible and put off the two teams
This is crazy
Has anyone who has lost their taste due to Coronavirus tried the Ghost Pepper Challenge yet?
Make it a HIPAA violation to show people getting vaccine shots on TV
After the quarantine is over and everyone gets their hair cut, the hair should all be donated to Goin' Bald For Bucks
Reddit Coins should be called cReddits.
Well how about this
A VR anime streaming app to watch anime in 3D
Everyone give me a dollar a month and I'll build solar powered robotic aeroponic food generating boxes called AutoGardens and then just give them away. 1$/month lets you vote on employee salary adjustments every month. My starting pay is 1k/month, no benefits.
Support distancing in schools with funding to hire marquees from the music/events industry. Win win.
A temporary ban on the private resale of toiletries, disinfectants, and sanitizers. If caught hoarding and reselling for profit your entire stock is seized and redistributed to the elderly and immune compromised.
We should support the local breweries affected by Covid by lowering the drinking age to 14.
A man has a son. A woman has a daughter. The man's wife is dead. The woman's husband is dead. The man and the woman marry. The son and the daughter can also marry and it won't be an incestuous relationship.
A mouse that when you click copy, stores said copied item in a storage drive within the mouse, and then can be pasted on another device
Make the hood of a car slightly concave so that it can be a bird bath when you park your car. Or a human bath if you are feeling adventurous.
The runner-up (in a opposing party) should be Vice President.
Police walk around with trash bags and pick up rubbish when they have nothing to do.
A bed with an alarm for school and work
We should all change our Facebook profile names to aliases.
Spend your entire life building a glowing, open air plasma orb. Start a religion where the orb commands all. In reality the orb just sits there and does orb stuff.
Remake Goodfellas, but cast every actor as a dog.
Create those fictional music genres mentioned in Horizon Zero Dawn
A video game you simply cannot win but is made so players think it's possible.
Netflix should have a porn section... nobody would share their password anymore as friends would have access to your « recently viewed »
Phones should have a setting that notifies carriers of my language preferences. When I call any number it should automatically pass over this preference without me pressing 1 for English.
Take all the flat earthers to space to prove the earth is round and then just leave them there.
"The Consumer". A reality tv show in which people of various socioeconomic statuses look to find the love of products. Each week, an advertiser is sent home.
Panda Express should do a promotional deal with the upcoming Mortal Kombat movie. I don't want to plan the whole menu, but I'd love to have some Kung Lao Chicken.
Add an upvote and downvote system for websites on Google
A portion of taxes go into a country-side lottery (~$5 per paycheck) and every month a few random thousand people can win the lottery without having to "play"
Get rid of all traffic lights, and use moving spotlights that point around your car showing you where you're supposed to drive, that if you stay inside the spotlight, cars cross sideways in front of you and behind you, and nobody stops in the intersection. Every car has its own moving spotlight.
There shouldn’t be formal clothing, we should just wear whatever, whenever.
Spell all adverbs with "-leigh" instead of "-ly"
Coffee/ Espresso Sub Reddit Ideas.
A documentary about the bathrooms of legendary spaceships like the USS Enterprise or the Death Star. I bet those have neat bathrooms.
An SCP-based fighting game
Since schools are going online only anyway due to the coronavirus, why not make school an MMORPG?
Get around non disclosure agreements (NDAs) by surgically joining yourself with another person to become "conjoined twins" so any secrets revealed legally count as just talking to yourself, then unjoin yourself and join with the next person to spread the word to yourself, and so on
Which startups could be tomorrow's unicorns?
Augmented Reality Movie Theaters!
An EXTREMELY heavily moderated website designed to let kids under 10 or so years old talk to each other, to get them used to the communication aspects of the internet in a relatively safe way.
Munchausens sounds like a great name for a German resteraunt chain
An online PvP game / app where a random debate topic on any subject (politics, religion, science, logic) is chosen, and two people within a certain time limit have to debate that topic. A moderator (who can be a third player or staff member) then decides who the winner of that debate is.
Please join me on July 4th for All Countries Matter Day
A competition where you try to uncover the biggest conspiracies. Winner earns retirement and global political immunity.
Microwaves, but cold
Spotify, but for audiobooks.
Re-elect trump
KILLING IN THE NAME OF LOVE
Meghan and Harry move in to Paisley Park. He starts painting and calls himself 'The Artist Formerly Known As Prince'.
Let's talk about the idea of a general labor strike during this corona virus
change your name to "password"
A app that gives you a ego boost by showing how shit the lives of people you went to school with
scare people into begging for terminators to replace cops. why should a human cop risk getting covid? because a human cop can be put in jail if he goes on a killing spree, in theory. a robot kills when hes told to, no questions asked, even if the robot will die theres another one ready to replace it
Urine For A Treat
A tattoo that looks like you have a STD as a decoy for the real STD
Chinese food that arrives ten minutes before you order it.
A Black Mirror Inspired Theme Park
A fictional documentary series about alien life, with the quality of bbc documentaries.
It should be possible to get high without narcotics, but with special headphones through music
To save energy, paint ceilings with glow paint so you don't need lights and you can fucking rave.
Sex toy companies should make a realistic human hand.
Stop spending money in stupid COVID vaccine developments and create onions that don't make you cry when chopping them! We can't continue living like this!
Instead of one $70 million lottery winner , seventy $1 million dollar lottery winners.
LETS BRING IT DOWN (pls repost this to get more volunteers) we will do this on the 11 of January
9 Million Upvotes and I'll Order a Pizza
After the presidential debate, the candidates have a foot race to see who is faster, then arm wrestle to see who is stronger. Just to add some flair to this political race
Disney should open its parks to those recovered from coronavirus
Dwayne Johnson should have a cooking show.
Drink Idea: 1000 Island Iced Tea
Force your Cinnamon Toast Crunch to directly report to your Cap'n Crunch at breakfast time since he outranks him.
Make a Twitter account that posts everything Trump tweets to see if it get banned, then prove Trump's account is being unfairly allowed to violate the rules
Everybody Google "Superman is __(your name)_____" so that it actually messes up with their algorithm and we need to decide a time for this.
Genetically alter the coronavirus so that it kills spotted lantern flies
Your opinion about Heads Up Display (HUD) in cars.
Illegal fireworks in my neighborhood always make me feel like shooting someone, but how would I cover the noise of gunfire?
Business Idea: Brothel on a small boat for sailors waiting on their ships in Suez canal.
There should be a subreddit for people who points out the joke and think they're the only one who got the joke.
Quiet chip packets that aren’t made out of aluminium so you don’t get caught snacking late with a loud packet.
The DMV should verify your Facebook and Twitter accounts when you get a driver's license. This would separate the real people from the bots and foreign actors, and increase the accounts' value to advertisers. You should be able to vote through Facebook and Twitter, also.
Make every president personally financially responsible for one of each minorities/vulnerable groups.
A state with the intent to create chads
No more voting
Facebook App actually implementing dark mode
Hey lets start a crowdsourced organization that serves as a network, VC fund, and accelerator all in one for aspiring founders with viable ideas..... We already are, CHECK IT OUT!
There should be a wall of medals or that sort of thing along side the person's karma because other people spend actual money on those medals and they just get buried under new posts. People should be able to show how much awards they have won.
Draft people who use military time on their phone first. They wanted to be like that, they deserve it
God????
An orthodontist group should sponser an effort to straighten the letters in the "HOLLYWOOD" sign.
A math question asking whether someone is correct, where they actually are correct
We should be able to use multiple mouse cursors with multiple mice
Someone needs to develop some aesthetically pleasing, bullet proof helmet that covers the head and neck of police officers. They would be required to wear this if ever going to confront a citizen about any violation of the law.
Someone really should have bred an apple with a core that's the same consistency as the rest of the apple by now.
a religion where theres only 2 possible sins: being less than god, or being greater than your neighbor
Tazer bullets
Fixing the problem with US government.
Start planning now and build a giant seawall around NYC, so when the sea level rises decades from now, the city is ready.
A PC application that randomizes the location of pop-up "Are you sure?" GUI's, so your muscle memory doesn't accidentally speed its way through the warning message and permanently delete whatever
We should change the conventional work week.
A GTA spin-off where you play as a cop trying to stop the completely unpredictable psycho you usually play as
Trump quits, Pence pardons.
We should make fake 'anti-mask' accounts and pages to talk all kinds of BS and gain followers. After a while we tell our followers that our loved ones have passed away from Covid-19, and that we've changed our minds and are going to actually start wearing masks now like we should've from the start.
An elaborately staged murder mystery thriller recorded entirely onto a single CCTV machine (where the story plays out from multiple cameras). Sell the machine on ebay then ghost the account when buyer starts asking questions. Do it a few times until you've managed to establist a new urban legend.
By an Impala. Put Chevy Chase in it and speed past a cop car. Then you could have Chevy Chase in a Chevy Chase.
Instead of long prison sentences for Nonviolent crimes, sentence criminals to hypnosis sessions to obey the law
Since they have salted butter: buttered salt.
once you vote, you are exempt from having to see get out and vote ads as well as all campaign propaganda
When a person torn between two paths in life dies they are reborn as twins, each twin set upon one of the two paths.
This belongs here not there
Share your ideas with your voice - effy: 30 sec voice community
You can't have carpeting in a bathroom, for obvious reasons. But taking a call in the bathroom is right out, cuz of the echo. Solution? Carpet the walls of the bathroom.
For the make a wish foundation for kids, a 16 yo makes a wish to drive for the Cartel.
Those Tiger-King-esque zoos should breed tamer tigers so we can eventually keep tigers as pets.
Reddit should remove the posts we have already seen and should show us the new ones, so we don't have to scroll down long for new.
Go on theDonald and try to start a conversation with some of the saner users.
Why isn't there an emoji for making farty noises with your mouth?
Pokemon GO should definitely do like a reboot and roll out a big update right now just to piss off the government.
Add a hidden NSFW column to the mobile app
A school that adults can go to where you don't have to do any work but there's a regimented schedule that forces you to be around people so you pretty much have to make friends.
Google should change the definition of the Mandela Effect to something completely unrelated
Instead of retaliation by conventional military forces, the Middle East should launch a cyber attack focused on Twitter.
Merge Forged in Fire with BattleBots
Get inside a box and have yourself delivered as a present
Golf All-Star Game
My Youtube Channel that shares Lottery Winning with Subscribers
An /r/FiftyFifty sister subreddit dedicated to showing the other half of post titles.
Doritas (Tortilla Chips for Women)
With Covid-19 lurking, could we pause the world...
Make all homonyms fight to the death to reduce the number of words.
What if police officers stopped carrying tasers and pistols, and just did the work of being there, to calmly solve issues, and not battle for compliance. Armed officers should only be dispatched for certain situations.
Create a giant earth sculpture (like the size of a house) with correct-to-scale cities.
Police should train de-escalators, and mix them in with protesters.
Bernie Sanders released COVID-19 himself in order to teach the United States the value of progressive policies, in particular universal healthcare decoupled from the market.
this works in r/showerthoughts too but i wanna post it here because its a crazy idea
We should call mosquito and but bites mosquito and bug hickies
Develop a gun for cops that will only fire if their body cam is turned on and recording what they are shooting at.
Rename conditioner so we can have "shampoo and shampee"
A website or chat where two guys share what they consider to be good porn to see if the other has already seen it
During presidential debates both nominees are put in sound proof booths and their microphones are only active during their time to speak.
People should treat others the way they want to be treated. Just an idea.
Baby Boomers: We built a car-centric world, now let's destroy and obstruct mass transit because we'll never grow old and lose our licenses.
A space themed bar named Battlebar Galactica
Create a type of wondow with an adjustable aperture, allowing for a way to adjust how much light comes through while still being able to see outside
A 3d Printer that Prints 3d printers!
anti-cake-day thats half way between each 2 cake-days, and you're supposed to hate on them like they get extra up votes on cake day
Why not put coffee in teabags, so not everyone needs a coffee machine
A reverse gold for really bad posts or comments
A society where after high school, it's normal to wait until 25 to attend university or college. Go live your life and figure out what you want to do before committing to something you don't fully comprehend.
Give citizens $1,000 that they can use to place a long term investment on whether climate change is real.
Maps of imaginary places (cities, countries or even planets) as a common form of art
A letter to hypocrisy
Chocolate chip pizza dough
Label being pro-quarantine measures as pro-life and as All Lives Matter
Everyone should click Trump's ads as much as possible to cost his campaign as much as possible, throw off algorithms/targeting, and artificially inflate their numbers.
Name all managers Karen so that when a Karen asks to see the manager, the manager can say "I'd like to speak to YOUR manager, ma'am."
A living room ice chest. Some people have fireplaces, but look how that played out. How many more homes have to burn before we realize that cold beer is more enjoyable than a stinky living room.Go to Forward healthcare and ask to see the doctor right away.
Randomly pick a post from the top 100 of all-time of /r/CrazyIdeas and ACTUALLY make it happen.
Will history remember Eminem as this generation's Elvis?
Slap up QR codes all over the place with a stencil and spray paint, each one leading to the Rickroll or a completely random YouTube video
Natives start pronouncing the “W” as “We” rather than “Doubleyou”
Did anyone know about this cloud Cost Management tool?
Amazon's Pizza Hut Prime Service
Why don't we just limit every term in office to one term?
They should add a gym car to commuter trains so people can get their workouts in while heading to and from work each day.
Anyone with technical expertise? Shield idea lol.
what if actual covid was used to make a vaccine, but dead by cooking it or smashing it with a hammer or something, instead of genetically engineering your own cells to produce the little things hanging off of it the "spike protein"
Stop fone use ina given time
Have an olympic games spin off where the competitors are able to take as many steroids as they want, and seeing just how good we can get
Getting pregnant for the privilege 😂
How to make a Drill
going to gather a bunch of flies, create a small light paper sled, and tie the flies to the front of the sled like miniature reindeer. Finally I place a paper cut out of a stick figure on the sled. Now I’ve created bug Santa Clause. Maybe I shouldn’t play god with a bunch of insects.
Everyone at protests wears white armbands.
a debate subreddit that has exclusive features. no up/downvotes, and the comments are randomised every time you check them.
Disturbing
Train IBM's Watson on the law and let him be everyone's public defender.
Bring back Nickelodeon's Legends of the Hidden Temple.
Build a bridge from Japan to South Korea
System Of A Down should just buy The Zelda Song from The Rabbit Joint since everyone thinks they do the song, anyways
Pizza with turkey, dressing, and gravy.
We just collectively decide 2020 is over.
A PC application that saves data onto cloud storages, and when one email account’s cloud gets full, starts saving onto a different email’s cloud.
A talent show but the judges are 11 to 13 year olds
Don’t destroy Democracy
if curiosity can kill a cat, and cats have 9 lives, and the average weight of a domestic cat is 10 pounds (4-5kgs) then we can stipulate that curiosity stops becoming lethal when a human hits 90 pounds.
Death Row inmates should be forced to join the military.
Football without Spectators Problem - Solved
We should develop hibernation technology in anticipation for the next pandemic.
A mirror that’s actually just a giant selfie camera screen
Anonymous report cards created by students to grade teachers sent to their advisors giving insight on teaching ability, social interaction capability, general competence, and overall fun.
Make a subreddit called "TheAnswerIs42"!
If no crime is committed, cops can’t charge you with resisting arrest
Mrs. Noodles!
Set up a GoFundMe campaign to buy one of the expensive cabinets on Wayfair and see what's inside of it
Isekai anime where the protagonist is spirited away into a 2D online game similar to Maplestory
A cooking show that's actually a horror show because all the cooking is done with human meat. And yes, you get to see all the food prep (skinning, filet, etc.)
Carbonated V8
Pay people to wear masks to combat the tide of ignorance.
During the presidential debates, have Chris Hansen come in and take over moderating them! both candidates would heart attacks lol
The U.S. should pass a new homestead act like the Homestead Act of 1862. Giving government owned land away for free to those willing to settle there.
Jay Electronica
What if every municipality offered free cooking classes, and maybe made them mandatory to get food stamps / EBT.
Expanding my taste: Jewish women of any variety hmu
Apply metric prefixes (kilo-, mega-, giga-) to currencies (eg. megadollar for a million dollars)
For every 5 Silver awards you get, you can cash them in for a gold.
Jurassic Park remake but every scene with dinosaurs is just geese
The vote for the President is moved online, and its counted by total and not by county/ state. An actual democratic election.
A cleaner that kills 100% of germs
They should make an X Files movie that ends the series once and for all
Man vs. Society
Coronavirus/COVID-19: How to stop the pandemic.
There should be a game called 'Hub of Babel', where everyone from around the world is plopped into a couple of servers indiscriminately, so they have to convey through imagery and whatever they can find.
Allow subreddits to optionally mandate a required response (and length of response) in order to up/down vote posts and comments.
Make All Drugs Legal but With a Sterilization Agent
A sequel to 1917 called 1918 and its about the spanish flu
Reboot 'Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?' but all the adult contestants are former 5th graders who used to be on the show.
Designated driver app
Joe Biden should announce Obama as his running mate.
A new way to vote.
An option to hide a certain post from your post history, so stalkers can’t see it
A certification that a woman can request on her drivers license, that means she plans to get an abortion if accidentally pregnant, which she can show to men before they agree to have sex with her, safer from that risk.
Future predict
A Game of Thrones-esque TV series about the fall of the Inca Empire
Disable voting for reddit accounts whose owners are under 18
Awards that cost Karma.
In the midst of COVID-19, Netflix and other streaming platforms should offer free subscriptions temporarily to encourage people to stay at home.
Max Payne
a fish that evolves a single tooth hanging from their tail and fishes for humans swimming
Start saying "Hail Satan" and all other versions of religious affirmation in public just to see how uncomfortable people get
Everytime a subreddit is linked on a post whitout any other text, the post is repost on that subreddit
Make a dress made of strings of human teeth
A site like Famous Birthdays, but for smash bros mains instead of Birthdays
Millions of people in usa grow some balls (even if they're a woman) and tell the government what is and is not ok for government to do and that they'll all be out on their ass if they dont obey democracy
Make a movie with R-rated levels of profanity, but split it up and submit it to the MPAA as lots of separate short films with only one swear word in each. Once each has been rated PG-13, release the "series" together in theatres.
Once a person attains a billion dollar net worth, they have to cash out and spend the rest of their life trying to spend it all.
Edible Straws
Create 50 clones of Nancy Pelosi and have them fight each other.
If I had an artificial heart with no pulse, then all I would need is an artificial lung that circulates air through two holes in my neck or back or something, and I could play dead like a boss.
A pair of gloves you can put on and would work as a keyboard.
Website where production designers can buy knockoffs of products they need but don't want to support, like political campaign merch, Oberweis bottles and such.
An island where all the anti-vaxxers can go free of vaccines. Infect a few people with corona, measles maybe a couple of other viruses. Let them have access to whatever “cures” they like: elderberry, vitamin d, hydrocloriquine...they should be just fine. Everyone is happy.
What if people actually posted crazy ideas in this subreddit, instead of actually plausible ones?
Reddit should have a feature where next to each post is second karma count of how many upvotes/downvotes the post got in the past hour
Shorten January 2021 to indefinitely extend Trump's term
There should be a way for people to receive live-guidance by doctors during emergencies. So I know wtf I should do.
Gift cards that come inside pump bottles of hand sanitizer. You can see them through the bottle and cut them out after you finish it.
Get Your Problem Solved by Next-Generation Entrepreneurs
Search "Why did Santa wrestle with my mom naked?" on 25 December 12 a.m GMT
A new president is incredible busy, so what better inauguration gift for than a fancy clock? Get an expensive, loudly ticking clock. Put it a nice box wrapped in a big red bow. Run up to the president on the street and try to give it to him.
All developed countries should implement a law where you can't be elected to a major political position if you are over the age of 65.
A new way to handle rioters
We should start typing comments in giant letters to confuse redditors who haven’t been on in a while
New idea for how we pay taxes, benefitting people that get theirs in early
There should be fire pits all over at the exit of polling stations. You should be handed a beer, a brat, and a skewer when you are done voting.
a list where people volunteer to be probed by aliens so the aliens dont probe the unwilling anymore
In the next season of South Park everyone should be wearing masks for coated and every character talks like Kenny for the whole season and you have to read subtitles
A list of chosen baby names that is updated in real time
A 3D printer on wheels with a robotic arm that can whip up parts remotely.
No more #DicksOutForCovid(Hear me out)
each person gets 1 vote that they can move to another possible president any time they want, and whoever has the most votes is president at that moment, so you dont have to look for legal loopholes to change your mind, you just replace a president any time you want
There should be a way to buy a book and get a digital copy for kindle like they have for DVDs
An "I've already voted" tracker that tells all the political ads to STFU its too late to influence me.
News for dummies
mind blowSteadily increase the volume of white noise playing in your apartment every day until it's so loud that your neighbors don't hear you party over the sound.
story deprivation movie theatres
A new global holiday to commemorate the end of the pandemic in which the traditional celebration is to sit at home and stare at your family for 24 hours.
There should be no tax on fruit
Battlebots: The Sky’s the limit
Here is to the Crazy Ones ... Let‘s make politics fun! 🌎
Run for president only after you win so the voters have more choices
Every conservative or right leaning public figure that does not support trump needs to be running as a 3rd party candidate right now and try to draw as much support away from him as possible. James Mattis. you can go 1st
A Pixar movie with a Canadian Goose as a reappearing side-character that loves to pick fights with everyone
All debt must be defined in terms of a percent of the total money which exists, and if the total amount of money is negative, then all debts are by that very fact ridiculous and cancelled.
Spotify should have a slowed + reverb playmode, so people can play their favorite playlists on slowed and reverb mode without resorting to youtube.
Create a Tom Cruise theme park which allows visitors to recreate stunts from his movies. E.g. Motor cycle chases, flying helicopters, climbing the burj khalifa (build a full scale model obviously), etc...
Five-course gourmet meal vending machines.
Make a mask hoodie, so that it looks cool and keeps our ear away from pain
Have a machine created that fits into your pants to silence and collect farts. It stores them to utilize your hot beefy tail funk as an escape mechanism. If you're ever in trouble, channel your inner squid and blast your foes with a gloriously horrid torrent of rancid back stock.
Dogs are trying to sniff their own bum, not catch their tail.
A TV show adaptation,with Game of Thrones level style and production, of the Bible
They should fight ww3 as if it was a big airsoft match just to see who would win without any killing, the loser surrenders.
If someone invented a pill to make farts smell good, would you take it
A realistic, real time, virtual reality game of the events of a global pandemic, from the POV of a regular citizen
A place where we can place bets on absolutely any/random situations
Make an option on Reddit so that you can report for stealing. If the original poster report and submit the original post and thief gets one week ban
When announcing a Bible study, replace a book of the Bible with a sci-fi alien race that sounds similar and see if anyone notices.
If your friend has twins, only like and comment on the social media posts for one of the kids. See how many years go by before they notice.
Personal home coal generators: Cut down on utility line losses by bringing coal home from the mines and generating your power locally! You can even incinerate your garbage!
Book with advices on how to live life you recieve when you turn 18.
The Price is Right should continue filming over Zoom
Virtual movie theaters for new releases since real movie theaters are closed.
An app that competes with Grindr, called "DikDok"
Before bumping elbows, let’s all say “Covee!” the same way we used to say “Kobe!” when throwing stuff in the garbage
Give other people's money to charity so some people get free healthcare, roads, and schools
People should be nice to each other on Reddit.
Run a private for profit prison in your basement to compete with existing prisons
All jarred goods should come with easy-to-peel-off labels so we can all reuse the glass jars more easily and reduce container waste.
Greenland Store
Golf, using baseball bats and volleyballs instead of golf clubs and golf balls.
The surviving members of Monty Python should go to the BLM protests so all the cops go after them instead.
A third avatar series thats set in the modern world where the avatar lives in a world of “peace” and his best friend that constantly needs to remind him to do his avatar duties then it becomes a slice of life/ battle series
Here is a list of unique and crazy things to do while social distancing.
Voice recaptcha for incoming phone calls
White people should say to each other “My crack” or “My crackers” that way whites can say it racist to say crackers. It levels the field.
Now would be the perfect time to bring back drive-in theaters
Genetically modify orangutans so that they are larger and walk upright thus becoming Sasquatch
Stop increasing the food supply and the population stabilizes.Make US candidates running for office take the same US Citizenship test that immigrants have to take to see if they actually know about the country!
Deepfake a George Carlin standup routine about how shitty it is to be dead
Treating climate change the way we’re treating COVID-19
With all the home delivery apps, where are the delivery-only kitchens?
New democracy where officials are elected monthly. They only campaign for the first week of the month. Just like polls, if their point drops, they are replaced by the end of the month by the person with the highest points
This is just an idea idk if it will work
An upscale bar that requires you check your cell phone in a safety deposit box. People who need to contact you can call the bar, staff uses pic of guest on app to locate person being called, and summons them to a sound proof private phone booth where call is patched in.
War is all about planning, strategy, training, and equipment, but it kills people... what if we replaced it with Paintball?
Blindfold a bunch of selected participants who have color-odor synæsthesia, spray the Axe body spray known as "BLACK", ask them to identify the color, collect all their answers and the majority will become the new name of the fragrance
A random user is given unabridged access to mod a large sub for 24 hrs and can do anything but delete the sub, any changes made will be kept post 24 hrs
Every Olympic event should include one average joe competing for reference
A big bag of M&amp;Ms but filled with tiny M&amp;Ms
Make The USA A Tax Free Country
Texting is ruining communication and our relationships. Try calling at least or meeting in person. See if your friendships/familial realations don't get better, see if you aren't happier and your lives don't improve.
a wormhole between the stomachs of every Human, so that all stomachs are always equally filled and nobody can starve unless everyone starves
Can't we just found a non-profit that produces Insulin and sell it very cheap?
Rickroll bot that checks for rick rolls (duh) but it has a 20% chance of lying
Have everyone stop accepting plea deals under any circumstances.
Millennials shouldn’t distance themselves so that Boomers won’t vote
Ensure a good first meet up by reverse catfishing all your dates. Only use unattractive pictures of yourself on dating sites, so when you do go out they’re kind of pleasantly surprised right off the bat
Tough(COVID) times business?
Corona Beer should make a new line and call it Corona Vaccine
Bubble wrap filled with stink bomb extract so that the unsuspecting bubble wrap popper has instant regret. Think glitter bomb type revenge but less messy.
I need a crazy idea on how to clean a BOGUS ass kitchen up?
Adding a feature on apps like Reddit and YouTube where adding a /s at the end of a comment dOeS tHis tO tHe wHoLe cOmMeNt to denote sarcasm.
Reese's but with peanut butter on the outside and peanut butter on the inside
Get multiple breathing stomas and mod yourself into a human wind instrument.
To deal with the Trump
BLACKMAIL
An outside professor that teaches the same subject should make the exams and the class professor has to take them as well to see if they actually know what the heck they are teaching.
Crazy Idea: What if Cyberpunk 2077 was a multiplayer game...
The word Amn't should be a thing. "I'm going to finish this entire bag of Funyuns amn't I?"
My Deadbeat Dad getting a Fucking Job!
A skyrim movie series with the original soundtrack and some original dialogs.
There should be a refresh button on elevators to avoid button spam
Eh, how about we summon users and make em fight like pokemons?
Change the way cows are farmed to slow down climate change and lower food prices
Lucky dip travel
Reddit should have something like YouTube Watch Later mode so you can use it when you see an interesting post but you don't have time to read all the comments.
People say Age is just a Number when it's clearly a word
Living unnoticed on the Appalachian Trail...
What if Reddit allowed you to add your own subreddit icon for a sub that only affects you
Book a venue for a political rally and then fill it up. Then you can declare yourself President based on the Rally Attendance.
Cash App Free Money🔥How I've got 32500$ Cash App Money Free🔥Cash App Hack
Build a massive playground for adults, with all the fun things that are too dangerous for kids.
A competition where contestants have to watch a series of porn videos chosen at random and whoever touches themselves last wins.
A subreddit for breaking trending hashtags.
put vaccines into tattoo ink
Make a law to force American presidental candidates to pick a running mate from a political party other than their own.
Someone who just got corona virus live streaming his day-to-day and sharing feelings
As a gesture for the good people staying at home, Sony should make all the previously free games on PSN+ free again just for a month.
The Muppets should do a cover of Closer by NIN
Buy all of the shares of Marvel Entertainment from Disney. Then asset strip the Marvel Universe, selling Spiderman's parents,Richard and Mary Parker, to DC Comics.
Popcorn tendies
Hand out masks for Halloween
College debt shouldn't be erased, but payments made towards interest should count towards the principal if the total payments exceed the principal of the loan.
Loneliness is a real problem: Social Dating/Media that only focus on Real Life Interaction
Cheater's Misery App.
Women should only grow fat in their breasts.
Create a 4th branch of government specifically for impartial bias oversight of the other 3 branches
We should modify the matrix to where whenever someone is near death or close to dying in a dangerous situation the coffin dance meme music plays.
How to avoid partisan politics
Increase the cost of fines for the rich so they won't be as careless
Buy a bunch of random gifts and leave them on the porches of people known to have suffered theft of their packages.
Replacing sidewalks with those moving walkways they have at airports
Elon Musk SpaceX and NASA - Next Tom Cruise Film to be shot in space, Literally.
Russian roulete 2.0, so i know that grenades have that safety ring/something and after pulling it wont go off untill you release the handle. So for russian roulete 2.0 remove the safety wtever the name is and shove it up your a--, squeeze it out without any help and run for a win/life!
Pack Reeses like they pack Chips Ahoy.
A little keychain with a button that when pressed, makes your phone ring. Also, when you open an app on your phone, the keychain beeps.
It's been too long since we've had a dance craze, LET'S DO THIS!
Wouldn't it be great if Bill Gates starts running for the President?
Let's ban opening your mouth in public during this pandemic
A magic 8-ball butt plug. Shake your ass and help people solve life dilemmasWhat if we made it so when a police officer shoots an unarmed person, both the officer and the officer's trainers can be charged with crimes?
Fur pockets
Manhattan become a car free island. Trucks, taxis and buses permitted on FDR &amp; Henry Hudson. Everywhere else is walking, biking, scooters only.
A subreddit where you request someone to make your media/food choices for the week, so you don’t have to deal with it.
Lint rollers for your sunburn after it starts to peel. Skin Rollers.
I hope this isn’t someone else’s philosophy
Make the next Presidential and Vice Presidential Debates a Singing Contest with the candidates dressed up as various characters.
Creat a snack/treat that when you eat it cleans your teeth the way that there are treats that do the same for animals
Sell Icyhot as sunscreen, but for protection against 5g signals.
Buy Kickstarter by making a Kickstarter campaign
It'd be hard to steal someone's eyeball to get through a retina scanner if the retina scanner flashes light at the eye and checks if the pupil shrinks.
A 69 page coloring book of Nazi Furries. If you manage to not commit suicide before completing it, you can mail the finished book back to the company in exchange for certain rewards.
People should melt down their coins and then record how much change is in the melted ball, then when they have to pay for snacks or something, they give them the ball.
Lockdown idea
Coronavirus is good for the environment
Make Mitch McConnell’s entire congressional district into an open-air nature preserve, so everyone else can come and gawk at the dumbest people on the planet
French Fries filled with Ketchup.
Give anti-vaxxers a fake positive test result for COVID-19 and pretend to offer them a vaccine to put their conviction to the test
There should be r/toiletthoughts because people come up with just as much random thoughts on the toilet as well as the shower
Mods sort the front page of r/unpopularopinion by controversial
If more than 50% of a country's population votes blank, the country should become anarchist.
Watch a random episode of Forged in Fire on the History channel and take a drink every time they say the word "damascus"
Make a phone display that can stabilize itself for easier reading when you use your phone is a shaky environment like on the car or when you’re running
Every year the four winners of the best acting Oscar categories remake CPR and first aid training videos.
A cat button on the side of a laptop that disables the keyboard.
Cigarette Butts that require a deposit so they are not littered and disposed properly like shopping carts
The guest Colonel concept is dead, lets get ET to do KFC commercials &amp; bring back finger-licking good.
If they want to drink the look-aid, let them.
Some TV show should run its course, and then like five seasons in have it turn from a sitcom or whatever to a zombie show or some other super major disaster. Not for an episode, but for the rest of its length. Same characters, but suddenly World War Z happens.
Use GitHub to design public policy! Citizens can create issues, react to the best proposals to make them bubble up to the top. Policy makers can combine the best ideas and "commit" them to the source document (actual public policy).
Post copies of SD card images for Raspberry Pi projects, instead of making me download update and troubleshoot from a 3 year old blog post
Combine Ambien and a glass of wine before bed and hook your alarm clock up to a pair of defibrillators to wake you up in the morning.
Legalize punching someone a single time
Blow up the evergiven ship into two pieces and sell the rest for scrap.
I'm going to shear off both of my testicles
Anybody want to start a debate?
Either give The Moon and The Sun real names or change the name of Earth to "The Planet"
There should be a ‘next-day-burrito’ for people who prefer the taste of a nice cold burrito the day after buying it
Allow 1 person to have no name since that uniquely identifies them.
Make a "music game" that's actually just a full audio studio program, then profit off the music because no one will read the part of the EULA that says you own the rights to anything produced with the program
change the word "to trump" to mean "to ruin"
Remake Superbad with Adam Sandler and his crew (David Spade, Kevin James, basically the boomer equivalent of the original cast).
A Snapchat hack that makes people send images of them with stupid filters as normal without them knowing it
Gordon Ramsay checking up on kitchens: Covid edition
Declare the winner of SuperBowl at halftime and don't count any points after that.
A way to filter /r/all by "adult" or "mature" mode, or something like that, for those times you want to skip any/all jokes, memes, shitposts, etc. Or at least like a "meme-free" feed.
If prisoners were welcoming and kind to each other, formed bonds, supported each other and made it a community, they would collapse the prison system.
Once you get your drivers license you are prohibited from consuming alcohol or cigarettes for the next five years. This will reduce traffic accidents and drunk driving.
A 1 to 5 star rating system for Tinder dates
We should all mass-report Robinhood to the SEC for market manipulation
An anime with all of its lines in English, but spoken by Japanese voice actors.
Eliminate the position of US President &amp; replace with a rotating 7-person Presidential Council
Turn the internet off for a day...
Make cars that have bumpers with stiff brushes underneath them that brush the road
Hologram Concert of all the great singers/rappers that have passed away over the years!
Speed limits should be raised at night
Going to a restaurant and ordering food backwards, starting with the dessert and ending with the entree and drink.
rubik's colours starts moaning when matched with same colour.
You exchange an amount of your karma for coins
Let's give Kim Jong Un $100,000,000 in a new cryptocurrency called DiploCoin. Now hear me out...
Reddit and PornHub should collaborate on a NSFW/SFW video hosting site to compete with YouTube.
Banning all private/corporate donations to political campaigns and instead creating one public fund that's distributed equally to all politicians."Race Wark" - Organize community Race Walking events and use entry donations to support black issues and police brutality prevention efforts. The intriguing name will draw attentionand more donations to help the movement.
I'm loving all of the musicians on Reddit lately, but at a certain point I wanna watch some memes! Allow audio to keep playing! People at home making music for others to listen to while doing other stuff is beautiful!
A big budget action film where the rich/powerful old white dude who offers the protagonist the risky but rewarding job turns out to be a good guy.
Make syringes in the shape and color of a gun for kids who are afraid of needles but like playing with toy pistols. Hide the needle inside the gun and "shoot" the kid in the hand.
A social media website that isn't an evil corporation.
There should be a toggle button on thread submissions that requires readers to click on the link before being able to vote or comment
Organize a nationwide strike on Election Day
People over 70 or between the ages of 18-20 get half a vote in democracy, with those between the ages 16-18 getting a quarter.
A new way to share YouTube videos such that they start playing from a specific time into the video
Leave our video game accounts and passwords to our kids/grandkids so they can see what our games were like and our characters can live on.
Mass report r/NoNewNormal so it gets banned off of reddit
Heathcare Strike! Everyone Cancel Their HealthCare Coverage at the Same Time
Fingerless gloves for cats, so they can still use their claws
Report the news the day before
Switch the names of Greenland and Iceland
Appeal to Elon Musk. Resident of Belarus asks Elon Musk to give him a Tesla as a present.
Knock on Jehovah Witnesses doors during the Covid 19 pandemic and try to convert them, so they too can experience the Joys of unwanted religious solicitation.
Imagine foam swordfighting as a large sport
A New Additional International Financial System Established By Sanction Countries &amp; Asia Will End The Current World Madness
Take a hammer and chisel to the moon and make it into a giant floating gargoyle in space.
Amazon should have to recycle their own boxes.
Train mice, rats, pigeons, and crows to pick up and bring trash to an electronic bin that dispenses a food pellet every time trash is deposited.
Starting a race war where there are racists on one side and everyone else on the other side.
A boycott of all things Kentucky until they ditch Mitch.
Divide the Republican party into two parties: Republican and Trumpers.
Create a full-body mirror that scans your whole body everyday and compares it to how things were yesterday to alert you about any medical issues that you might be in danger of.
We setup a COVID 19 response team
Put Stan Lee cameos in all the new Marvel movies and series, but have Roy Thomas do it instead. That way all the MCU fans can approximate the disappointment of reading an early Marvel comic past the 8th issue.
Sporting good company’s should give homeless people there items for testing.
Classify the cause of death for anyone disobeying the lockdown as being a Covidiot.
A line of cologne for men that smell like baked goods women actually like
A social networking app that matches two users automatically through chat
Everybody outpizzas the hut
people complaining about having to wear facemasks should have their future operations done by doctors not wearing masks
Remove a certain animal from all markets, such as a certain type of fish, and provide each home/community with a tank or small habitat to allow them to produce their own. Would teach people that if they want something they have to protect it.
Treat the confederate flag like the swastika and those who fly or wear it like Nazis.
Start typing words spelled closer to how you pronounce them if you have an accent/dialect.
Rename Canada to Banana
USPS folds, Amazon begins delivering our mail, leverages its consumer data to make direct mail marketing 1,000x more efficient, Prime membership includes free postage for the almost-never times your want to send a letter, bulk mail rates increase and even old people switch to e-bills
"Meet and Yeet" : A dating gameshow where couples go on a dinner date each sitting on a trebuchet chair. If at any point either one isn't feeling it, they hit the button and the partner is launched away.
Add surgically an extra par of vocal chords to harmonize with yourself while singing
If hurt people do indeed hurt people, why not make it so people can deal with their hurt more?
They should convert all IKEA stores to care for coronavirus victims- plenty of beds and parking for all!
A chain of cinemas that are also bars so that no one under the age of 21 can enter.
Forget the NFL,NHL and MLB bring back the collisium!
A side story related to the John Wick universe about a gang member trying to save his crew from making a dumb mistake: robbing an assassin of the High Table without knowing.
If you're rich enough, get a statue of yourself with a plaque saying "I was rich enough to have a statue of myself".
İllegal immigrant race
Require TV show producers to film series finale before cancelling a show
Donald Trumps hair is CGI.
Frick Fap February and Mega Masturbation March
Mods should elected by popular vote rather than arbitrarily through other moderators.
Presidential candidates shouldn't talk about what they will accomplish, rather things that they have already accomplished that make them a good candidate.
Everyone in the working class quits their jobs and starts trading goods instead of using money to keep the rich from getting richer.
Develop cloning technology and genetics, then make a cloning facility, and whenever someone irritates you, make a genderswapped prostitute clone of them, then gift it to them.
Dodgeball where the players are dressed up as Dragon Ball Z characters and they throw Dragon balls at each other
Get a tattoo of a drop of blood coming out of your nose, cover it with make up. Then when the time comes, wipe off the make up and it’s the perfect excuse to get out of any situation.
Sci fi series where every conspiracy theory is real
Netflix should have a shuffle button for sitcoms
A dead drop app for your phone - Press a button to start recording if you are in a dangerous situation and if you don't enter a PIN or password within a specified time limit it will automatically send the recording (with metadata) to specified contacts of your choice.
Charge $10,000 a gallon for gas to stop people from spreading coronavirus.
Learn Anatomy. Master Precision Shooting. Run around at night looking for crimes, shoot criminals in the least lethal way possible. Ultimate Vigilante
Start a career as a ventriloquist but with a face mask on that you insist is for COVID safety only and not so you can cheat and move your mouth normally
Buy low quality mace at whole sale prices. Re-Label it as "Child Repellant!"
Films should have two audio tracks, music and vocal. Then we could have two volume controls.
Image text in images posted to reddit are OCR'd on upload and indexed for search
Gov’t should give people hazmat suits and pay people to sort through trash to recycle to help with unemployment and the earth.
Found a company called "Edinson" and sell electric cars.
It should be taught in schools that changing your opinion is something good.
Smart salt shaker?
I think it's entirely possible that there is only one person on Earth that can actually directly sink Donald Trump. That is Norm MacDonald.
Crop dust around anti-maskers to make them cover their faces
Sponsored YouTube “cleaning challenges” where teens stuck at home compete to show how well they can vacuum the floor or clean a bathroom
Instruct an artist
Build a car that has wheels that stretch vertically so that when you're in traffic you can drive over the cars in a tipy toe way.
Biden should choose Obama as his VP and adopt the slogan “Make America Great Again”.
A restaurant chain called "Chic-fil-A Sunday" that is only open on Sundays
A "digestion bypass" tube in your neck so that you can eat as much as you want without it ever hitting your stomach.
Digital Well-being on your smartphone shows how much time you've spent watching Ads
Can someone make an Oompa Loompa song for every month
Build a ‘revolution department’ to oversee government development in an agile way instead of been driven by riots and wars.
Personalized voice mail
A toothbrush that says how well you brushed your teeth.
Service that will come in and do the sky on your jigsaw puzzle
Live your life as you normally would
There should be an option in Resident Evil 2 to shoot yourself in the head.
How to run and live in a self sustaining community?
If someone would sell everything he owns and spend it on a pc, a mic and a webcam, and if he or she would be a good streamer then eventually he or she would be the most known homeless streamer
A complete database where you can see a person's complete past/present ranks and assignments open to the public online
NASCAR should only allow special NASCAR confederate flags and all the proceeds should go to a BLM charity
If you search for "Jack Sparrow" on Google, it should show a warning saying "Did you mean Captain Jack Sparrow"
The Tooth fairy should pay different amounts of money depending on how well the teeth have been brushed to encourage Kids to brush their teeth well
Someone should make a TV show that will combine most genres. It could start as a comedy, then turn to drama, then turn to romance, then turn to crime, then turn to action, then turn to thriller, then turn into a horror show. It could end as some sort of sci-fi.
The black love matter movement is by definition racist.
The loser in presidential elections becomes the vice president
Using a wireless camera and earpiece, pay someone to be the full-time voice in your head--or better yet, hire multiple people!
Save all farts in a sealed container and later re-utilize them as fuel for future cars.
Instead of wars, country leaders fight club
Deliberately catch 2019-nCoV before it becomes a pandemic, heal up in a hospital (before they overcrowd), enjoy your body's antibodies and survive when the pandemic hits
Plane tickets cost any amount of money and who ever pays the most decides where to go
A new Marky Mark album, bringing us more good vibrations, when we could use it!
Facebook should have a face palm emoji for when people post stupidity.
Elevators with buttons at foot level so we can press buttons with our foot wrappers.
All "/r/Ask..." subs should have an option to sort by "Oldest unanswered question".
You should be able to make different lists on netflix, like playlists.Natural design
If you defeat a police officer who is trying to arrest you then they aren't allowed to try again.
Crowdfunded streaming service with copyright-free original content and free community of creators
To identify all of those that stormed the Capitol building all the FBI have to do is share a fb post saying ‘Where were YOU when history was made on 01-06-2021?’
A Chinese version of Doom, where Chinese scientists build a portal to hell in order to eat the creatures there, and tens of millions end up dead after the creatures of hell overrun the Earth.
The US Presidential Election 2020 Will Be Cancelled Because Of A Brand New Constitution System
Have a "Posted while Drunk" button on Instagram or Facebook.
Students forced to go back to school could wear two masks sewn together as a bra outside their clothes and show that schools can enforce rules about them
Saudi Prince allocates $1B for remake of Cast Away w/ original cast &amp; crew w/ a twist. The island is mysteriously inhabited by feral Danny Devito clones.
An Easter party
Rerelease all movies forced to debut on streaming instead of in theaters in 2020 in theaters during 2021
If a man gets fucked by another man who is on top and a female ask him if he is a virgin or not, He is basically in a Virgin Paradox
Every single karma a person gets from a repost goes straight into oblivion.
A Yoga class combined with the game Twister
Pronounce 'Jiff' with a g, and gif with a y.
Instead of ellipses while the other person is typing a text you can see exactly what they are typing in real time
Keeping all district lines the same (no gerrymandering). Resettle all Americans into new states chosen by lottery, redistributing the population at random and increasing the number of swing states. To further complicate things, you must leave your home and move into the new one you've been assigned.
New Category Called 'Eye Time'
Laser tag for adults with a bar
Male Political Office Like Jury Duty.
Anti-awards, for when downvoting just isn't enough
Every time DJ Khaled says anotha one, Chipotle has to offer free guac.
A seatbelt silencer (used to plug into the seat belt receptacle to silence the fasten seat belt reminder) that is shaped like the grip of a gun. For coolness factor.
Everyone who's investing in GAMESTOP gets free online copies of all the old games they traded in for pennies.
Let's just nuke the Corona-virus, how hard can it be?
Pass a landmark, historic piece of legislation that dedicates half of the entire United States federal budget to bringing back dinosaurs. Dedicate the other half to bringing back Elvis.
An actual start to a plan to change the world. Change the system. Power to the people.
A new Internet: zero ads, real privacy, pure content
Why don't we start a 2 year cycle on iPhones?
A Whistleblower political party - select the president from whistleblowers who risked their life to defend the country from corruption
If the actor Mike Meyers played Michael Myers, the whole Halloween film franchise would be boring because all Canadian psycho killers are friendly and unfailingly polite
A fast food and restaurant machine where you can order and have the food teleport to you from the machine
Get Elon Musk to save Kerbal Space Program 2
"Anonymous Source"
A libertarian that isn't a pedophile
Since all mayor sports are canceled, reddit should start the Memeolympics.
On December 31 at 0000 hrs, we all type " Why is there a giant health bar in the sky? " on Google.
Solution to things left at school
A petition on change.org to shut down change.org.
If you know you're going to die soonish, max out your unsecured credit and give everything to charity
Make traffic jams illegal. Anyone caught partaking in a traffic jam will have their licence suspended - reducing total drivers on the road and traffic.
How to put a stop to looters that are destroying our communities that have nothing to do with the movement.
Tiny socks for each individual toe
Streaming Services should have a shuffle button for older shows
The African Empire
Draw random people’s faces without a mask on by looking at a picture of them wearing a mask. Don’t look at any other picture of them when drawing.
1/365th extra annual leave for this years leap year.
Gummy vitamins without the vitamins so we can just snack on them
Not allowing any politicians to have any social media outlets.
Phones need to have a dunk mode just like airplane mode.
Non-contact pen. Write without touching paper
Continue the nba season entirely on nba2k. Every player plays themselves.
Leafnet- the hairnet for trees
Every year, the government should run a “Biggest Taxpayer” award, for the five people that paid the most tax that year
To boost income, USPS should start a service where you can anonymous send a nice card or message to a random person.
“Experts anaylze” channel similar to “teens and kids react” but it’s purely educational and they analyze everyday subjects through their fields
Let us Hide Replies to Top Comments on Posts.
A new Olympic sport combining Roller Coaster, Crazy Golf and Chess
An 'adversarial' web browser that's truly a User-Agent in the full sense of the word, that when given a URL will stop at nothing to give the user the content, bypassing any ads, paywalls, slow scripts, filters that stand in the way.
Spotify should get an “incognito mode” so you can listen to your trashy guilty pleasures without having it messing with your algorithmsWe should make a New Decade's Resolution for the 2020's decade. We'll see if we have kept it in 2029.
As of today, Reddit will stop allowing users to buy awards. Only awarded awards are in the market flow, and to give awards one must bought from someone that had been awarded or had been awarded themselves. Inactive account with awards older than 1 years will be put back onto Reddit Auction at $100.
Pelosi should publicly state that masks are a bad idea and no one should ever have to wear one...
The US Army should make a new advertisement saying if you join the National Guard then you can arrest abusive cops at protests.
We could cryogenically freeze ourselves at lunchtime every day. Then after a full year of workdays roughly 252 and 30 minutes frozen a day, we could gain an extra 5.25 days to our life expectancy per year. We could use those extra days to freeze more, giving us compound interest.
A grocery store that prices based on estimated carbon footprint.
US Elections held in a similar style to “The Masked Singer”
Money hack. Time to cash it out. (I am not a legal professional)
We crowdfund the money to pay SETI to blast "never gonna give you up" into space so our first contact with extraterrestrials is Rick rolling them
A movie where the 'villain' seeks world domination, but his policies are actually kinda good.
Blood donation drives set up as 'doctors' at Renaissance Faires. No matter the ailment, “ooh, sounds like you've got about a pint too much blood”
What if there is a ''reset'' or ''resume'' after deaths? What if Dejavus and Dreams are just, warnings ?
A “game digitizer” that destroys physical copies of games and credits your steam/Xbox/PsPlus account.
Give all the oceans 1 star on google to remind everyone they are badly in need of help.
Re-release FIFA 2002 on all modern platforms
A pair of chopsticks, with a spork on the back of one, and a knife on the back of another.
As the ultimate form of reclaiming it from her, find the lost magic if it is lost and (if it isn't already) make the world of Harry Potter real
debt collectors take breast milk to sell to other babies
a toaster with no overheating my bread settingI need your crazy ideas!! Im curious
Lead the evening news with the feel good stories of the day. Put violent and sad stories in the middle. End with two minutes of nature landscapes and scenery.
A white cop should show up to a protest in blackface
A workout app that finds music with the same tempo as your pulse.
Make a pin cushion shaped like a tomato
Mute button for moderators during the next presidential debates.
Steam "Social Distancing" Super-Sale.
A Quentin Tarantino radio station
Present Lion's Choice, Arby's, and other fast food roast beef sandwiches to an actual lion to determine if Lion's Choice really is the lion's choice.
Teachers and professors should give students extra credit for voting.
We should call hovercrafts floatercycles
Using someone's old foreskin as a natural condom. Gotta avoid those latex allergies, ya know?
0.3% donations for all people in the world.
Reorganize schools around your grades/scores depend on how well you can predict whats going to happen next, about whatever subject, such as if you are learning about mice exploring a maze to find the cheese, you get a higher grade if you predict in advance which direction the mouse goes when
Concrete piñada, because the fin of the piñada is releasing your anger by repeatedly beating it
Light vs Dark: Mode War
A meme subreddit about current world events but memes about politics are banned
Facebook but without all the pedophiles
Reddit now has a courtroom. Crazy idea?
April’s disaster for 2020 is going to be paranoia
Remove all opinions from your mind and speak only the facts. That way, when someone says "thats just your opinion" you can honestly say that no everything i say is a fact
Gator/Poweraide switching the colors of their drinks for a couple days.
Post Malone Origin Story Biopic starring Shia LaBeouf
A Pornhub Teens that teaches the importance of moderation and the dangers of porn addiction.
Mark Zuckerberg or Jeff Bezos takes over the US government's share of WHO funding
Spiders attach nano sized strands to the webs they build over sidewalks.When humans walk through the webs the nano strands enter the body through ears nose eyes or mouth and makes its way to the brain, where it becomes an artificial synapse.The host unwittingly farms flying insects for the spiders.
Lights on the rear of vehicles that indicate acceleration and speed
AR Ghosts for Pro Racing
Trojan Horse against Former Boss
Require all fictional characters to wear masks!
Spotify should ask if you're okay if you keep listening to the same sad song multiples times in a row.
Make pajamas that have movie characters/titles all over them, but for R rated movies
Rename "Matrix 4" to "4x4 Matrix"
It really can't be long before the chinese government starts implanting identifiers into its citizens
A sub dedicated to giving back. A group who come together to change lives. I made it!
We need to have reverse Flash Mob Symphony Orchestras - Imagine sitting down for a nice evening of music when suddenly a bunch of fish sellers invade the concert hall and start selling and throwing fish around!
Parents that don’t treat my like I’m a fucking nuisance to their existence
We should really have clear tires by now. I'd like to put some cool stuff in them.
Quarantine party island for travelers
Any sentence in a contract you sign, you can be quoted for saying it. Put in sentences like "I like big butts and I can not lie" and "I like it when old wrinkley men blow on my ears"
1 (one) extra horse per person
Multiplayer games should have an option to change into invisible on startup
There should be a service that you can freely sign up for that will kill you at 60 (or when ever) for environmentally conscious people who want to live the best part of life without being a drain on society and the world
They should make you watch all the ads at the beginning instead of interrupting the vidéo.
If we all still used landlines the Coronavirus surely would be triple the spread by now.
recycle water tires or water car
Trump made a tax donation to QAnon in 2017
What if we (under 40's, in US) just took over the country so we could finally get the stuff we want, health care, climate awareness, college etc. Screw these old fucks. I cant bring myself to vote for any asshole anymore. I just want a normal life that compares even remotely to ANYWHERE but the US
The leader of your country must answer one Twitter question per day chosen at random by Cummybot
What if electrons revolving around a nucleus in an atom are actually stars revolving around a black hole and they are just too small for us to see
Invade
Use global population as RNG seed
Phones should come with different types of hangups like "polite Hangup" or "casual Hangup" or "scam Hangup" which blasts metal music in their ear then very loudly hangs up.
any business which is "too big to fail" must buy bailout insurance which pays to bail them out instead of the government
Let Redditors have the power to terminate bad mods and elect new ones
Buy some Tesla stock whenever Elon Musk says or does something stupid.
Call the times before coronavirus "BC"
MMA survivor on Fight Island. Every week they'd vote two people out at a certain weight, and they would fight, and the winner stays.
Have reddit get more and more laggy and prone to pages not loading the later it gets
African Americans take the swastika as a black power symbol
a fridge with a tranparent door so you can see the light turning off.
Roast the men on /r/roastme the way they roast the women
Upvotes and Downvotes are multiplied by 100 for each year you've been on Reddit on your Cakeday.
big big BIG big ballsackies
Go to the store Target and wear a red shirt and tan pants
Ban reaction images from every meme subreddit there is
Start a crowdfunded ocean iron fertilization effort to sink carbon and combat global warming
Bangalore
Buy a hotel just for people who have, or want to get the coronavirus, because soon people will want to hire movers and use other service providers who are certified to have gotten and recovered from coronavirus already.
Rideshare apps should generate a 2 part code when rider and driver book a ride so they can both confirm they have the right person with just a short sentence. (ie Driver: The Dragon flies Rider: From the coast at midnight)
Make school a tactical game where doing homework isn't always the right move
Instead of carrying around a spray bottle of alcohol to spray things with before you touch them, use a fire extinguisher. Can't be too careful!
Reddit needs a TRUMP ON/OFF button.
If the U.S Government orders people to eat then all the stupid people will probably protest it and starve to death.
Why banking is not changing from 1600 AD ?
Why not right? Lol
Make urinals that are only for cumming
Onion spray instead of pepper spray - not only does it burn just as much, but it's practically impossible to remove the smell from skin, so the person sprayed can easily be identified.
Time travelling population control agents, who go back into the past and kill people who have a lot of descendants in the present.
Cruise ships could turn into temporary hospitals.
A TV series in which Time is moving backwards.
if you get hte first quetison wrong on who wants to be a millionare, they should thow a pie in your face
Cars should have U-Turn signals in addition to regular turn signals.
Make my girlfriend understand that shouting at me doesnt make me want to do what she says and I dont like being told what to do leave me alone
You know how you scan a check with your phone to deposit it into your bank account? Imagine that but for your penis.
Matt Gaetz articles to replace his name with Florida Man...
Smash cab. A game show like cash can but instead of answering trivia, you're playing a video game that changes every episode against a guy on the crew.
Give me your next Zoom meeting ID and ‘LoL stop by to say hello.
Filter undigested seeds from sewage and plant them around the sewage works.
Requiring that every police officer hold a PHd in sociology with a minor in psychology and family counseling.
When they will retire, Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May should make a last, incredible special episode when they go on the fucking Moon.
A dating website or app which only allows chat after a woman sends the first message and prohibits guys from sending the first message
A GPS on your windshield that highlights the designated roads ahead so that you don’t have to take your eyes off the road and avoid confusion
"What if we are unknowingly training children to be future models?"
Reddit should update the Refresh Button so that if you press the button, it asks you to verify your decision instead of immediately going back to the top of your screen and losing the posts you wanted to look at again.
Bad Lip Readings should make a video on the 2020 presidential debates where Trump and Biden argue with each other seriously and eloquently about what they would do for the next four years
An app called “Karma Whore” that will help you get massive amounts of karma on Reddit
A hotel where you get an electronic vest and a laser gun. You must keep the vest on at all times, and if you're hit three times in one day you're banned from the hotel for life and the person who killed you gets a free stay.
A bill that requires all news media sources to require the signatures of every individual they plan to write a report on before publishing it.
An app on your phone that receives a ping anytime a cop is within X many feet. Get pulled over, make sure the app is on and volume is on. Person gets close, no ping, drive away while calling 911
A grammar time machine that lets you travel into the past perfect.
Local stores out of hand sanitizer? Use 140+ proof (70%+ ABV) liquor
Metal spiked collars for protestors so police can't kneel on their necks
Oil change supplies should come with a "next oil change due at ____" sticker for the windshield
Redo the 2020 United States Census at the end of the year.
SGT_KornWallace Streaming on Twitch while eating Pie
Strike until Donald Trump’s accounts are deleted
Right now is a great time to have huge NERF gun fights in all these empty schools.
Sell words
If Reddit wants me to pay for premium, premium users better be able to go into and search for any closed sub.
Detroit become human but open world and multiplayer
To help relieve the temptation to trick or treat this year, buy a big bag of candy. Then anytime trick or treaters knock, ignore it, and eat one piece while thinking about how bad ass your costume would have been
Whenever a comment on a post gets awarded, and the post has positive votes, the OP should get some coins.
A crazy product
All reviews for any product/service should be found in one place (I know, not the CRAZIEST thing you've seen, but I'm trynna validate an idea I want to build and would love some feedback)
A world where observation triumphs analyzation and assumptions.
Be able to remove subreddits that show up in popular.
Let’s sue the government for negligence in alerting the public about a pandemic.
Have a setting in the car where the volume changes as you speed up/slow down when the windows are down
All essential workers should get together and form a union now they know how essential they are to fight for better wages etc after this is done.
Allow passengers to board airplanes first if they voluntarily check their carry on
Before throwing plastic in the garbage, we rinse it, put it in garbage bags where they get picked up and brought to supply centers and have national competitions of artists and art schools across the nation awarding yearly like the oscars and emmys.
If people have to give a two week notice to quit, then employers have to give a two weeks firing notice.
Create one universal language that is separate from every other language, and make it mandatory in every country worldwide to learn, so there is no prejudice about language spoken.
Anytime there are large protests, drop semi lethal virus strains to cause chaos and panic, therefore ending any protests "peacefully".
Trees
we exterminate all asians
Creating Online Presence of Local Shops and Vendors.
A trash can that takes your waste directly to the landfill, through a tube, without having the need to take it out yourself nor for the garbage truck to come and get it. Kind of like a toilet, honestly.
How about this, instead of fighting wars, how about all the countries involved send their best swordfighters to fight eachother to the death. Last team standing wins the war.
How to grow on instagram
A company/app that delivers boiling water to your door.
Sex Showers
A sub dedicated to the history or memes on the internet. Like the origin and meanings of all memes.
Make all porn site addresses end in ".cum" instead of ".com"
Cars' wiper fluid bottles should be standardized and replaceable. More details inside.
Create a *very* racist Twitter account. Gain followers. Gradually realize the error of your ways, and influence your followers into doing the same.
The Take-a-Wish foundation, a charity dedicated to hijacking and redistributing contributions made to other charities
Coffee making lamp
Everyone wears a face mask and practices social distancing
Somebody need's to paint a hot air balloon as a Plague Inc. Red bubble and go fly it around US/Europe
We need to slow down the focus on automated driving and implement GPS speed limits
A movie with a bunch of A-list actors, but where the focus of the film is on a random extra, without the audience knowing until the film’s release
Winter mini-put, except with hockey sticks/pucks and the courses are made by the same ppl that do ice sculptures.
Combine the idea of an escape room with a gym. Example: Users will have to push/move HEAVY boulders into the right sequence to make stairs, that they can take to get into the next area, etc. Go ahead and comment with your own escape function/exercise.
Trump should refuse to debate Joe's Biden unless the libertarian and Green party candidates are invited to the debate
Since some of the best discoveries were accidental, make a robot or some type of algorithm that makes random equations, and possibly make a historical discovery
If a child ever asks you what's inside that blue water that barbers have, just tell them it's "smurfs blood".
Untapped S*xToy Market
Make all Presidential candidates live for one full month with median household incomes, average credit card/student loan debt, and use public transportation
Help us out boys ....
A reality tv show where people are locked inside a mall. People can ask to leave whenever they want, but the last one standing wins the prize
Wgfgfgfgfgfgfg gfghkhkhkhdsf fcfgjkgk
Reddit should have the option to sort by what an algorithm predicts you'll like based on your upvotes, like tik tok does.
Abolish all turn signals and break lights so that drivers become more vigilant.
"The Broomerang!" ...just throw that jank and it'll broom shit up and stuff and then RETURN TO YOU SON
Salsa from concentrate
Tennis, on ice. Tennice.
White House rescue with Jon Taffer yelling at Trump.
Pretend you don't know what a potato is to mess with your prospective father in law
A motion detecting set-up for learning Sign Language
Make a sport combining long jump in skiing with a wing suit
Be able to upvote and downvote something at the same time!
A Reddit Page Called The Void, where all activity is banned, occasionally the mods change.
If gerrymandering works to swing voting one way, let's do that with states, and get rid of the ones that have higher instances of racism and bigotry which will improve the overall morality of the country.
Instead of freaking out about the coronavirus, just wash your ass.
Turn the world against any protest by sending in your own guy to do really stupid or illegal things which the news will focus on then the whole movement gets labeled that way
Nateflix
Chinese fast food places replace all plastic utensils with wooden chopsticks.
/r/historymemes should amend their “20 year rule” on September 10th 2021 to “no memes about events that occurred after September 10th 2001.”
Make an update to Bitcoin that makes it possible to spend bitcoin to reduce someone else's bitcoin balance. Watch the chaos ensue.
Offer one free gun to anyone purged from the polls
We should make a yearly trend of doing 1800 bc trends for a day, and call it Old Fasions Day
A video game that combines every major genre into one massive adventure while sprinkling references to literally every existing game ever throughout.
A keypad with the numbers arranged alphabetically.
Using Lumilor in a cloth TV.
Build nuclear power plants with cooling towers that look like pyramids, to decrease public stigma
dont eat any food for a while, then stick a tube like a straw down your throat into your stomach, so you can drink the same beer over and over again
Yo it's not "titties", it's just "tiddy's" because the dictionary people changed it probably.
State mandated girlfriends
Someone should make a cover of "My Sharona" with "My Corona" that is about social distancing and the rest of things going on now.
What if characters from Rick and Morty universe were added to super smash bro’s
Post a well known repost on a subreddit pretending to farm karma on an alt account then screen shot and post it on /r/quityourbullshit to farm karma
Pass an amendment that allows citizens to gather signatures as a way to prosecute an individual for crimes.
Soundproof bathroom connected to each classroom in schools, with a speaker inside so you can still listen to the lesson.
a competition for how many live buzzing bees you can fit inside your body at once without getting stung. closed containers are allowed like a dildo with a bottle cap to put bees in, or how many bees can you fit in your stomach
A state with a negative tax rate for those who bring in at least 2 other taxpayers, like a pyramid scheme
LEGO should make a sports movie just so the coach character can tell the press “It’s a rebuilding season.”
Have a way to deactivate getting more karma so that random reddit detectives won't falsely accuse you of karma farming or "doing it just for the karma"
Teach babies not to cry using a scary robotic monster that jumps around ominously whenever they cry but gives them candy when they dont
A drive-thru Sushi restaurant called "On the Roll"
Social media for memes and porn. Every post most be a combination of the two and nothing else is allowed
Conduct a job interview where the applicant (with no warning) gives the context to random pictures and/or videos on their phone.
Black Friday should include walk in clinics and emergency rooms with heavily discounted medical bills.
School board planning an in-person return date? Have THEM return to the office for 2 weeks and then decide if they want to proceed with in-person classes.
Buy the Africans lots of fridges so they have more food
They should make some sandwich bread bigger so we can re-live what eating a pb&amp;j sandwich was like when we were little
if I were a bastard could I change my name to  Jr. ?
Crazy High Texas Electric Bills- Suddenly the "Fair Market Value" for electric is 1k per day. So refund everybody that's out of power 1k per day they were/are without electricity.
3D Printing &amp; Laser Engraving Business - A Profitable Small Business Idea
Use sand from the Sahara to build up beaches vulnerable to climate change like Miami
Disney After Hours - 21 and over ONLY every night. The park doesn't close! Alter your sleep patterns and have a blast with other adults pulling all nighters, lots of drinking, etc.
Rename the rocket like award to rocket upvote award.
Rename the Millennial generation to "coomers", so we will have Boomers, Coomers, and Zoomers.
A hungry hoover that says 'yum yum' when you turn it on. (Idea courtesy of my 3 year old)
Set your clock another hour forward so you can go back to tricking yourself into thinking you have more time than you actually do.
I’ve got a new idea for a whole new genre of porn. Some people like being watched, right? So this will just be a guy dressed up as an FBI agent watching you while you masturbate. Also he’s your step brother
A Military Fetish Porn Site Called "Dishonorable Discharge."
Mitch McConnell gets beat up by anyone making under 75k
Second Celtic Empire
If you want to buy a gun, you have to shoot a puppy with it.
Spread jam all over your body, then go and kick a wasp nest.
Killing a Native American should count as killing a member of an endangered species
How to Create Ambient Music with Spitfire Audio Labs
Bus Mansion
If time is endless and substance doesnt disappear, we might be immortal
App that host events around your surrounding
Force public officials to wear cereal mascot costumes and adopt their personalities
Have a search function for default subreddits that show posts from before they became default, that way we can wade through the pages of shit that have nothing to do with the original topic of the sub.
"Psychological warfare" COVID-19 mass control method.
Everything can be explained in five dimensions: spirit, time, and 3D space (x, y, z).
A washing machine that is stacked on top of a dryer and when your clothes are done being washed then it automatically drops below to the dryer so you don’t have to switch it over.
French Fries that are actually good when reheated.
Create a perfect simulation of earth and then inform the smartest people in it that they're in a simulation.
Ban the movie Parasite from the Oscars since it doesn't have a suitable host.
Quit your job, spend all your time practicing Minecraft, and then win a bunch of Minecraft challenges for money.
If you kind of want a kid but you and your wife don’t care either way, make it a challenge to get her pregnant while using a condom.
Remove every 4th post on r/conspiracy. Delete every 10th comment. Ban anyone who asks any questions about it.
The craziest idea you never want to try!
People of power/Important people should wear protective gear on their heads, and chests to prevent assassination.
A piano where what key you press controls the dynamics and how hard you hit the keys controls the pitch
A movie about the second half of Forrest Gump's life.
Make North Korea a sub-state of South Korea. Give Kim Jong-Un 1 billion $ (saved defense spending) and make him supreme prime minister of that sub-state for life if he agrees.
Fetish clothing manufacturers should give full body latex suits to doctors and first responders to protect themselves from Covid-19.
Instead of a once a week trash day. The trash trucks run the same route every day and people put out their cans as needed.
Create an Inverse Touring Test by developing a r/SubredditSimulator Simulator. Have EXCLUSIVELY human redditors make post and comments that get voted upon EXCLUSIVELY by bots designed to upvote those that they detect as having been written by a bot and downvote every text they categorize as human.
Make mnemonics for a subject that's mainly about memorization. Turn those mnemonics into a Show.
Reddit should have different styled play buttons for gifs and YouTube videos
People who screenshot reddit posts for one reason or another should take the screenshot in light mode so that there is no confusion as to what is the real upvote button.
United Nations healthcare instead of socialized healthcare provided by one government
Everyone disable Google Personalized Ads
Food trucks should park outside a DMV, they’d make a killing right now
An online game where 7 players are placed in a lobby with one bot. None of the players are told who the bot is, and using only voice chat in conjunction with player movement, the 7 players must figure out who the bot is.
Allow people to browse social media as other political views (left and right) so people can see how misinformation can spread.
A book series like Harry Potter but instead of a boarding school it's styled after a modern university.
With such a panic going on...
Zoom speakeasy bar, everyone wants to get in , only those with the password are allowed
Do my bidding
If Kevin from the Office was originally played by James Gandolfini.
Give a call to McDonald's and Wendy's and let the two guys talk
Nerds only Tinder
A video game that’s nothing but building Rube Goldberg Machines. (If you’re interested in the idea HMU and I’d love to help provide art.)
Anyone who is predicted to win before the election is not allowed to win, predicted all over the media or predicted by being prewritten on the voting form. Elect someone else.
A fly catching contest!
Legalize all drugs and make alcohol illegal. Reevaluate in one yearA buttplug with a hole in the middle that does kazoo sound when the user farts.
Universal healthcare
A cyberware wich connects your hand to your pc so you can scroll through reddit while you pet your dog.
AMONG US CHRISTMAS GIFTS | EASY DIY CRAFTS | NOT YET SEEN ON TIKTOK
Don't call a political movement for equality feminism
Underwear that eats poop and pee
A browser extension that disguises itself as other extensions but doesn’t actually function like them. Like those extensions professors make students download to monitor their screens.
Make a hat called "Make America America America..." to raise awareness for Alzheimer and dementia victims
TOP 5 BEST GAMING LAPTOPS IN 2021
$$$please submit your email***Free AMAZON 200$ GIFT CARD**
#परमात्मा_कहाँ_रहता_है
Why are we not making car sun visors out of tinted plastic so you can actually see through them?
A reality show where a bunch of computer experts have to make a program/robot which can get past the “I am not a robot” and captcha questions on the internet. First one to successfully make the program wins.
Run a Definitely Not A Scam sweepstakes that tries as hard as possible to look like a scam. You win by still being willing to blindly sign over money to a shady guy with a vague accent despite screaming red flags.
Vegan Salsa
There is a movement to add conservative Oregon and California Counties to Idaho... Too crazy?
We sould ban solar panals
Coronavirus Chat Bot
An app that allows you to see what name people have programmed for your phone number in their phones.
end racism by everyone become a blue man (or blue woman)
Use games to keep people home during pandemic!
Most Pokémon games have pairs, such as Red/Blue and Sword/Shield, so the makers of Pokémon Go need to make Pokémon Come
The UK government should legalise the use of tasers for registered security personnel in the UK. Then shops could just hire a guy with a taser to ensure people enter with a mask instead of ignoring the new law.
China has to send everyone who catches coronavirus a $5 AliExpress voucher as means of compensation
How I got my first 1k views on my blog within 24hrs
Since the rich want it so bad just give them all the money, causing it become worthless.
The other world leaders should just bail on the G7 conference to show Trump how serious they’re taking the pandemic
Invent something brand new and submit it for every imaginable Guinness world record. Biggest, smallest, first i.e.
Create a grocery store business and name it FOOD with no trademark.
Instead of a Government
Shrimp Mountain.
Allow comments on all ads.
Relationship with two women simultaneously - 21st Century style!SLPT: It's long, so bare with me. Put a video on youtube with you detailing this plan in full, in front of multiple lawyers who witness you creating the video and verify your identity. In this video you will play your new hit music which you have of course copy written. Continued....
A porn series called Game of Thongs
Every four years elect a court jest to governing bodies such as the UN, US Congress, and especially the UK Parliament to show them how ridiculous they act.
We need a national giant dome. That way when there is a fire we can put it over and suck all the air out.
North Korean people should tell jokes about Kim Jung Un the way we tell Chuck Norris jokes.
Have the news start playing a laugh track during our politicians' speeches
Coaches play their team on Madden/FIFA/The Show/etc. and they live stream the season with live commentators while the games are suspended. Scores and standings stand when games resume.
Record labels should flood torrent sites with fake "scare tracks" if they want to discourage piracy.
Hide small font white coloured words behind pictures in the researches with a specific word count
A function within the Reddit app that can crop the attribution from downloaded images, for personal purposes such as setting as phone wallpaper.
Archive reddit so far, then disband all subreddits on a random night and have a free for all as people try to re claim sub names and re-form communities.
Bridge from kent to essex (england)
Build a "Soda Pipeline" where refined Coca Cola is pushed through nationwide tubes across the naiton.
Mark Zuckerberg needs to kill fox news to fix facebook
What if the robots have taken over the planet already, but they just dont walk around humans cuz they have little interest in wild animals aka humans? What if they're instead mostly walking around factories and other areas of tech interest, unknown to most people building more robots to build robots
Instead of all these trucks we should make gigantic slingshots and nets to launch cargo/shipping containers cross country/ trans-ocean.
Rick Rolling someone in real life?
Get your bladder surgically removed. Run rubber tubes from your kidneys to your scrotum so that pee is actually stored in your balls.
Create a tongue in cheek Christian music album series called "Kidz Don't Bop" to teach kids sex education and its value
A sequel to Disney/Pixar's Monsters Inc where Mike Wazowski becomes the leading laugh generator and is living the high life. But, he goes through a late puberty and becomes the scariest monster at Monsters Inc and has to learn to be funny while being the scariest monster.
A joke book that only has other people's inside jokes.
A huge number of humanity's problems could be solved or reduced by selectively breeding for a smaller average human.
Remake a movie using the same exact cast, but they play different characters.
What if dryers used cold air instead of hot air?
SPECIAL INFO FOR ALL ONLINE SHOPPING ENTHUSIASTS
Meat eating class
When athletes' contracts are over have a giant orgy instead of free agency
Supplement the presidential debates with a series of more revealing tasks:
Buy tons of cheap and or terrible art from facebook and flea markets. Then open a firing range/art gallery called "shoot it or save it".
A café that sells coffee and foodstuffs in return for information to sell later.
Make Summerween A National Holiday (petition)
A feature in google maps that takes you to the parking lot nearest to your destination.
Having a fact checker sitting next to politics debating verifying their arguments
If all websites that had a subscription element had to have an “Emergency Exit” button that meant you could cancel your subscription easily and quickly.
All mammals can talk and understand human language perfectly. They have just agreed never to use it when humans are around because they all hate us.
A social experiment on younger students where they are given a word puzzle of something of the sort and are paid for finishing. The catch is that 1st place gets 1 dollar, 2nd gets more, and 3rd gets the most.
Release Braille readers into forests and suburbs so they can read the textures of trees and their processed brethren, fences.
MasterChef but they only got a budget of like 10 dollars and are only limited to what they can find on Walmart
A yearly holiday where we all pretend electricity and internet is down and we play boardgames and take a minute to realize how dependent we all have become.
Print $0 dollar bills for when you want to give somebody nothing, but want them to know you're giving them nothing.
Violent sex criminals should have baby shark playing in their cells 24/7
When your balls turn 40, you can consider them collectables. Talk to your doctor if you decide to part ways with them for a good profit.
Any software developed for voting or counting votes needs to be developed as open source.
If you post a crazy idea that's already a thing, you're legally obligated to attain it.
A sequel to the Liam Neeson film The Grey where he survives the showdown with the alpha wolf at the end of part 1 and then becomes the leader of the pack and must fight global warming to save his pack's hunting grounds
Let's stop using football fields as units of measurements.
Eating different
Missed Connection?
Ringed Plates
TV Station that only re-airs competing political campaign ads and debates after the elections are over.
If you suddenly need to pick a random number, go to a Walmart parking lot and count points of contact between car's tires and the ground. Also, cars will leave and arrive, that will make your number really unique and difficult to intentionally reproduce.
Holograms with quantum mechanics
Federal and/or state governments should send out mask making kits to their citizens.
All youtube ads should start with "If you skip this ad, you're gay"
Fancy a go on a 3km long zipline?
Socialize trial law
A "Name on thing in this photo" generator
Self-Sidling Wheels for Parallel Parking
Survivor Women and men separeted
Lady A &amp; Lady Antabellum's lawyers agree to compromisr: Coin Toss w/ loser changing their name to Lady Aye -Or- Lady Yantabellum.
Automatically Add never gonna give you up to every spotify playlist so you never know when you may be rick rolled
One televised presidential debate in the US for each parties primary, as well as the general election debates should be replaced with a rap battle.
Create the blue glowing alcohol from The Mandalorian and sell it
Math on tv shows
If
Adopt Gravity Falls' election method
A superhero video game in which you play as an henchmen who's been fired from an evil organization and now has it's own evil indie corp. To go against other superheroes and the boss that fired you
A WiFi network that is strengthened by more users?
Weedy Wonka and The Ganja Factory
A podcast where every episode the hosts grab random people off the street and talk with them for an hour
We go into every ikea and change their paper rulers over with over-scaled measurements.
Learn to make pancakes from scratch and use maple syrup.
1)A retractable roof over Wrigley Field. 2)A billion dollar marketing campaign to make the Grey Cup more popular than the NCAA National Championship Game. 3)Make Arnie the bad Terminator in T4
a "manners" mode for virtual assistants where you have to ask them politely or they won't comply.
Cloth covered ashtrays
Challenge John Mayer jam to a song, but he can't do any expressions with his face
Someone put together Spotify playlists based on r/askreddit posts asking for song recommendations. For example: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/ep7tm4/depressed_people_of_reddit_whats_your_goto_i_want/
Golf is now illegal, all golf courses must become forests.
Politicians are not given salaries, they are paid solely by donations given to them by the public.
Create the "Improbable Burger" that contains what you least expect it to contain
All civil war should be handled by coin toss
A bathtub that you can fill,use,boil (germs) and then reuse
Mascara that only washes off by using a special solution.
Eric Andre should host The Oscars
A "factory reset" button for the universe.
A vest filled with thousands of tiny gyroscopes sewn into it for old people so they don't fall down
A Zwift type game with Nintendo Style, like biking in Wii Sports Resort (and open world)
A math fiction story about hyperaliens from hyperspace who get tired of us popping in and out of existence all the time.
I am opening a martial arts training facility where I will teach your pet Monkeys to become efficient home security guards...
Robin Hood boomerang car theft and repair.
Cigarettes but much more dangerous. Instead of probably killing you over the course of decades, 99.9% of smokers don't even survive to the end of their first pack.
Cow Conspiracy
Make Blackface compulsory for all N. Americans
A feature for self driving cars that sends them back home in order to save money or time looking for parking. The car could also either be scheduled to come back or called back to pick the user up via a phone app.
Beautiful young girls grow older and get ugly and ugly young girls grow olderand get beautiful 😹
Make lepers vigorously perform a Morris Dance round a maypole. At the end, sweep up all the fallen flesh, skin, digits, toes and limbs that have detached. Then auction them to pet food manufacturers.
Genetically engineer the next humans to have two buttholes so they can poop faster.
What are some great adult party ideas?
Netflix should allow you to search any movie so they can track which are in demand to be brought onto the service
Bill Gates for president 2024!
A Netflix show where each season is based on a book that got a movie which didn’t do it justice.If everybody stopped paying taxes, there wouldn't be a prison for them to go to, since prisons are funded by taxes.
Try to find all the Minecraft biomes and get the achievement using only the teleport command, and the coordinates used are only hentai numbers
Shoes made of recycled materials
Authorities should make non-emergency contact information as widely known as 9-1-1 (or your equivalent)
Give Florida to Trump's supporters. Grant asylum in the actual US to any minorities and liberals currently living there.
Jello Biafra releases a Greatest Hits album, titled ”Make America Great Again” and donates the proceeds to BLM.
New idea of communicate in todays society
I say for one month Department of Social Services/Department of Disability Services train a group on application determination and processing to see how quickly those of us suffering understand and will move mountains to help others who’ve suffered similarly. I can see a shocking outcome. You?
United States citizens should shut down Washington D.C. so they know how America feels.
VR and Oxygen Bar
Remake Breaking Bad, but it's set in the mid-late 2010's. The only thing that changes is that instead of snapping a phone in half to destroy it, you have to spend 5 minutes stomping on it and throwing it at the ground.
Thieves get to keep whatever they stole, even if they get caught and go to prison. They will get the loot returned to them when they are released.
Create a new unit of data storage called the Terabyte™, defined as 500,000,000,000 bytes. Sell Terabyte™ hard drives.
There should be an all-star TV special for the 100,000 people who are in the hospital tonight from COVID-19.
If someone has already taken your username in a videogame you can challenge them to a duel in game. If the challenger wins they get the name and if they lose the challenged gets some sort of prize.
A hacker changes everyone's autocorrect so duck and ducking change to fuck and fucking instead of the other way around.
The ability to tag pics/memes in your phone’s photo album
We should bring back gladiatorial combat as punishment
Parking lots that assign spaces with guide lights to the spot and to the exit to help those that have trouble finding their way.
Online college accredited in America for foreign students
Congress should be like Jury Duty, you get something in the mail that says you need to be a congressperson for the next two years.
Put the corpses near sidewalks and other public areas, so people more often wear masks
Traffic is soul crushing but what if we used surrogates to teleport to work/stores/events.
Go into the middle of an anti-quarantine protest crowd and start coughing violently
Love it or list it: the dating show. A currently married couple provides the wish list items for their partner to meet. After 3 dates, the partner can choose to love them or leave them.
Prison inmates should wear colour coded attire that generally corresponds to the laws they broke
No further comments...
Cut a trench through Australia and start feeding rivers throughout the continent.
Hybridize American eagles with seagulls. Seagles!
A Sonic vs Mario plot driven game
Identify people who are immune to COVID19 by using the Red Cross to test blood donors and distribute antibodies.
Refer to things you do with your hands as handjobs and refer to handjobs as twinkiewhizzles
Reddit should combine r/cryptocurrency moons and a r/recycle sub to reward users that share their ideas on how to reduce/reuse/recycle.
Long ovens in restaurants that transfer the food to the customer
Google homeless.
After every touchdown, both quarterbacks should then kiss, and fart. If the scoring quarterback can't fart, the points don't count.
Billy Joel should write a song about this year.
A car that has the ability to covert the driver seat into a standing position, like a standing desk for long road trips.
Colonize the Mississippi river with Amazon species and phase out agriculture along the river. This would repair environmental damage and create a backup environment in case of devastating fires or logging in the future.
Use Military Drones to help with ocean garbage collection.
Moving images manga, (Gif manga)
Somebody should run for president on the platform of " I've seen every Joe Rogan pod cast ever"
Hot and cold running water? Old news. Beer on demand? What are you, an alcoholic? Invest in the ultimate kitchen convenience, a francium tap!
recycle styrofoam and create cheap coffins
All electrical devices should have a box recording the power usage, so we would have the real lifespan according to the real use and stop planned obsolescence
Change your name to "The United States" before you commit a crime, so that if you have to go to court it will be "The United States vs The United States" and you win no matter what.
Current sitting Presidents should have walkout music chosen by popular vote played whenever they board any aircraft, limo or what have you.
A premium service where you pay an annual fee to be able to bypass phone trees and speak directly to a human at a wide variety of companies
My Ho Life
As an April Fool's Reddit event, require every post to contain a specific word.
A sequel to the Matrix trilogy where everyone who's been freed since the first movie just decides to get plugged back in because life in the real world is so shit
Elections are replaced by a game-show with 10 events. The candidate who scores the most points overall wins. Each election year, voters vote on the 10 events candidates should have to complete and the top 10 are chosen.
A video game where you place as the brown mushroom things in Mario.
An app that automatically turns the TV down or anything like a music player when receiving a phone call
Homeless GTA: Burn other homeless alive in their tents so that the plastic melts and sticks to their skin, stab a homeless man to death for $5 worth of cans, kidnap and abuse children, follow women alone at night and brutalize them
"Mom's Spaghetti" franchise, a knock off of Olive Garden and Hard Rock Cafe, featuring Americanized Italian food and rap / hip hop memorabilia, founded by Eminem.
Newton balls, but with eggs
Have pro baseball teams hold snowball fights in the winter. And pro football linebackers see what team can push the biggest snowball into existence
The votes in democracy should have different points and those points should be based on the education, employment and awareness of the voter
Ice Cube and Ice-T should form a musical duo called Refreshing Beverage.
All reposts require a subtle title change. All reposts automatically link to previous reposts. That way we get our own little version of Reddit Telephone Game
Have medical robots that help nurses go to patients’ rooms and program the robots to laugh to lift the spirits of the patients.
Youtube only recommends videos once
To prevent parents from constantly buying new pants, kneepads should just be a part of kid's fashion.
A channel dedicated to genuinely funny commericals, dont limit it to the super bowl
10 episode miniseries revolving around reincarnation
A database of every photographed handshake in history so you can see who you inadvertently shook hands with, for fun!
If Bill Gates and Warren Buffet really want to change the world they should buy up the media and spread the truth
A Shakespeare play but with the actors wearing soccer uniform.
F it. Giving this a try
Being able to block faces on Google Photos so it doesn't remind you of your ex
A porno called "Snow Blowers" starring Elsa.
Someone should make a mod where Among Us jelly beans are switched with Fall Guys jelly beans and vice versa.
A small floating comments box to scroll through youtube comments while watching full screen on mobile
Really sick of seeing all the nonsense happening in the world. What if everyone just took a step back and decided to just be a good human being.
Rename Corona the Trumpvirus since his supporters are making up and spreading most new cases
Down vote all posts about Coronavirus, so the unjustified attention we dedicate to it should slow down
A different view of life. Can this change my life?
Invent a fake pregnancy test app and get women to pee on their phones.
Google maps should have an “calorie burnt” display.
If it wanted to, Verizon could literally make Facebook its bi*ch.
Remove all the armrests from public benches, allowing for the homeless to sleep on the benches instead of the ground.
The next big debate, instead of having everyone talk directly to one another, have them speak through monotone representatives. The emphasis will be on words/content, not delivery.
Report PS5/Xbox scalpers' posts
The real problem is they don't train police officers like Western sheriffs anymore.
Everyone post counter conspiracy theories about the election
A can of air that lets people know they're too close and need to back the fuck up. Social distancing in a can.
The 99% combined has more money than the 1%. We should just start a non-profit organization that lobbies and bribes politicians.
Tell India they have one year to stop scam and robo calls or we will stop all telecommunication with them.
Go to the protests and shout allahu Akbar
Real life soldiers are controlled by gamers with controllers/M&amp;K.
Change is good for those who want to excel beyond the point of being stuck
Hire only look-alike people in a company
Sell Dildos molded in the shape of celebrities (with there permission).
Non-Euclidean Minesweeper
Require all vapes to be odorless
JOIN IGNITE VIP
Train wild animals to throw away litter in exchange for food.
Short quiz or question to prove that you read the article before commenting
MARKET SOCIALISM...... we should reformat the current system , Lets start a trend of creating jobs that are 4 day work weeks and 40,000 Salary Per Year for all employees of a small companies that we are able to apply this theory of Market Socialism.
Iphone home screen app sorting
Instead of letting baseball games go into extra innings, they should have a homerun-derby-type shootout.
ideas
Game Show called: I’m out.
Let pandemics do their work and allow the return of natural selection. I'm ready to roll the die. Seriously.
A front-facing camera on commercial aircraft which streams live to the back-of-seat monitors in the cabin. That way, passengers can enjoy the same view the pilots do.
Because birds are not real, all pet stores should provide disclaimers to customers about features in the “bird” androids they sell, such as; lack of a soul, bread-motivated neural networks, 5G capabilities and the ability to summon the flock.
Progress tracker app. for positive changes
I want to pick up foodstuffs from local farmers that are in a pinch and get them to my neighborhood that is in a pinch.
A law that forces every personalized ad to display where they got your data from.
Put breathalysers in cars
Gloryholes are safe sex since you cant cough thru a wall
Snack bags... with Zip-locs!
US Antitrust laws should include individual ownership compared to marketshare
All mobile games need at least a couple months of effort put into them.
All ex US presidents publicly ask both the house and congress to agree on a bipartisan presidential candidate. All ex presidents back this candidate.
A story where the quest of the characters is to piece together the lore of their world through a mix of fetch quests, individual knowledge, and listening to exposition at as a reward for doing non-fetch quests.
Someone needs to make a reddit bot that goes around responding "go away google+ user" to people who comment "+1" on everything.
Potato chips should be sold in Ziploc bags so that you can seal the bag when you eat half
Have inventory software salespersons call major electronic stores and when told they don’t know what is coming in on the next truck, make your pitch to sell your inventory software
Program a mach planes automatic flight stabilizer to be a subwoofer amplifying what comes in through an analog sound wire. Those systems have to react nearly as fast as speaker vibrations cuz of chaotic air movements at that speed. You'd hear this subwoofer miles away
In video games, at random times all characters break into song and dance, like a movie musical. Bonus, you can pay to have that happen to another player, once a month.
New movie pitch.
What if everytime you got sent taxes, there was a 1/8192 chance it's sparkly and brightly coloured, instead of the normal boring black and white?
Fake crowd cheering in the background for baseball games on tv with no fans due to pandemic
Mute-style button, but for TV video instead of TV audio.
App that keep track of clouds in the sky.
Jizzercize
Sink/Toliet combo
If masks are considered to be weapons against Covid19, maybe someone who otherwise doesn't want to be told to wear one could be convinced to by telling them that doing so in public is like practicing their right to Open Carry. They should love it then.
Convince the masses of white supremacists about the virtues of helping one another through socialistic/welfare policies like taxing the rich and climate management, then convince them about anti-racism
One way theaters can reopen during covid is to make new theaters in the style of porn booths for one person at a time.
Regular potato chips should cost less than non-regular potato chips
What if...
An anime about a protagonist who leads an army of ex-simps to fight twitch thots.
Instead of trying to fight the Americanization of the internet, embrace it. Make it an inside joke that we all pretend we live in America.
Criminals are rehabilitated or executed within 5 years
Jay-Z is about to
People running for public office should be allowed to play video/audio "clips" to support their claims against their opponent.
Take sand from every beach, put it somewhere in the earth, and make it the best place for gamers to live without interruption
A repost free reddit called HaventReddit
Super Mario 4D! A temporal causality game where you can go back in time or fast forward and help your self win in the past or future. But watch out because if you get killed, you gotta try again and again until you succeed.
Corona virus Is the front for a bigger-world wide issue
Not recycling paper is better for the environment
Crazy thought!
Run a fork of bitcoin (of course still peer to peer) and mail a qrcode to every mailbox in a whole country that has an equal chunk of the cryptocurrency, to get it started.
A pill you take on Thursday night that makes you wake up on Friday still thinking it’s Thursday, so you get a wave of euphoria when your peers remind you it isn’t Thursday, but Friday.
Coca-Cola: Extra Sugar
You know if we (the generation now) stayed the same till the next generation we can't exactly be boomers.
Play American Football with only a Soccer Ball
Made a trash social media site where you can talk about politics in different forums.
Flood TikTok with imagery sensitive to the Chinese Communist Party like Winnie the Pooh and the Tiananmen Square photograph.
Collect and mail plastic beverage bottles to Coca Cola
25 Republican States &amp; 25 Democratic States.... but how do we VOTE for a President ?
Lick my taint
A filter on reddit to block all political posts, or have an nsfw type tag on all political posts that can be filtered out.
Your tax money won't fund police but you have to sign an official document stating you won't call 911 or ask them for help.
Allow redditors to add, edit or remove just one character from the title of their post so that they can fix any typos, while not changing the actual content of their title.
There is a Youtuber саlled "Lеоn Fаrаday" thаt lеarns еverywеek a new skill. Нis relatives рassеd аway when he wаs 14, he makes vidеos аbout own expеriеncе of mastering nеw skills and аnother vidеоs fоr peоple tо keep mоtivatiоn to lеarn аnd try new things, bесausе wе hаvе оnly оne lifе !!
Social Security is supposed to be money that the government takes out of my paycheck and saves for my retirement....
Real life sims.find a struggling family in a 3rd world country that would like to participate.Get a few friends together, each put $25 dollars a week in an account. Use the money to purchase anything you guys want for the family and get them to place it where you want.
People stay inside and practice social distancing!
A gym where they charge you by the kg. You weigh 80kg? It's $20. You weigh 70 kg? It's $17.5
A personal word filter list for YouTube so you never have to see anything that has the word "Reaction" or "Covid" or whatever in the title.
Have auto races, but pit stops allow you to do maintenance only with things that were already in the van at the beginning of the race (fuel, tires, pit crew, etc.).
A scratch-and-sniff medical textbook
LEGO should make a LEGO 3D printing set so you can print all your own LEGO pieces.
Since "Colorectal" is only one word, "Rectalcolor" should be too.
Netflix mobile should have a setting where on some shows and movies the phone/tablet would vibrate during moments like car crashes, or scary moments in horror movies to immerse you.
If Mike Lee, Corey Gardner, or Rick Scott die from corona virus due to being exposed by Rand Paul, the whole senate should bipartisan come together and hold down rand paul and spit in his mouth
A sound proof suit inspired by chemical/hazmat suits where you can practice singing as loud as you want without fear of disturbing other around you. Not only does it help you fix the problem of finding a spot to pracrice singing— it also protects you from the corona.!
WITHDRAWAL PARADISE (T.V. SHOW IDEA)
Seperate basketball into height classes like how boxing is seperated into weight classes.
The supreme court should choose federal/appeal judges
Instead of measuring your kids every year against a wall or doorframe, do a chalk outline of their whole body on the floor and every year the outline will expand.
A last-man-standing competition in which the world's best racing drivers get into actual police chases on open roads. Last one to be caught it the victor.
A calculator and/or app that will work out all type of equations, with a “Show your workings” feature that allows you to see the methods used to reach the correct answer.
A "SAW" type challenge where the creators/devs of Swype and SwiftKey are in a contraption, and all they have to do to get out is swipe a 10 word sentence with 70% accuracy.
Take the exact same sermon as a cracked out screaming zealot on the street corner, but have it read for a camera by someone dressed as a really affluent priest. Post it to Facebook groups to see how many people agree with it.
The FBI should create a Tinder style app where people can swipe right if they recognize an 'insurrectionist'
If the FBI wants clear evidence of police brutality, they should send plainclothes agents to participate in the peaceful protests to see how long it takes to get tear gassed, beaten, and arrested.
me.
They should've called the coronavirus covid-19 the Wu Flu
Use all of our mined data to create an alternate universe with shadow versions of everybody
An addon for Netflix that lists you movies in their IMBd ranking orderThe US government subsidizes and manufactures narcotic drugs so much that it's cost prohibitive to deal drugs
Put gigantic masks on Mt Rushmore faces.
In the USA police brutality lawsuits should be paid out of that police department’s Pension Fund. Police brutality ends overnight.
An online chess game that pits 100 people vs another 100 people and every move is voted on by the players
Remote desktop clients should have a tech support section
A stand-up comedian who gets on stage and just texts jokes to the audience.
When you buy a mask it comes with a free squirt gun and every time you see someone without a mask it is your responsibility to shoot them in the crotch with the squirt gun.
cool song
Make the karma inverted on r/ AmItheAsshole. So downvotes increase the post Karma, putting a--holes at the top. Upvotes, the opposite.
Make 2020 'The Longest Year'.
Protesters should promise that they'll stop if Trump fucks a pig live on TV.
A film about a trans forester coming to terms with her gender identity called "I'm A Lumberjack And I'm Okay"
A restaurant that food fights are what you do, and there are foods that are named things like Chicken Flingers, Yeetballs, etc.
Steal your schools toilet paper and sell it online
Make the use of lethal force by police punishable by death
Gourmet bathrooms.
Move the ctrl button to top of the keyboard. Then everything will be under ctrl.
Flashing a 1500W led diode may help you escape police.
Play hentai, the pufferfish meme, and the worlds loudest orgasm meme in a forest full of lyrebirds
Light speed is relative when stars are too large. Therefore black holes are just stars moving away from us so fast that the light they emit travels in the direction they travel as well.
A No Nut/Fap challenge until the end of this quarantine effective immediately after reading this title.
Robert Downey Jr. And Benedict Cumberbatch together in a movie as Sherlock and Moriarty. But you don't know which is which
Leonardo DiCaprio’s does a science-fiction movie.
Medals for losing olympians
Require every politician running for public office to play a game of Among Us so they can test their abilities at lying.
Being able to independently adjust the volume of Dialogue and Music in a movie
nightclubs should put up WARNING signs about flirtatious customers.
Late night thought, the dildonahole
A Hip-Hop/ Democrat themed Rum from the group Run-D.M.C. Call it Rum-DNC
There should be a reward for watching political debates and keeping up with the news
Create a variety of softwares like adblock, porn filters, cussword filters, violence filters, scam filters, illegal content filters, etc, which individuals may choose to use instead of demanding that the internet itself build in their preferred filters to enforce on everyone.
I legit just want to be dictator of America
A running feed of archived cool, funny, interesting gifs and pictures to keep people from reposting the same gif every month
Bra underwires that are stitched to the fabric
Solve the dwindling bird population by breeding bigger birds that eat feral cats.
400m dash but the runners are being chased by hungry bears.
Lava generator
Some have a proposed national compulsory service for all as a means of building civil engagement. All would be required to join either the military or some public service/volunteer program. Do this, except at age 8 instead of 18.Crazy bachelor party ideas
Earn free crypto currency, created by Stanford grads - introducing Pi
Aunt jemima
A way for our phones with facial recognition to recognize our faces with our masks on
A TV show where there’s 100 particularly horny pansexual people on an island. Men, women, cat-people, the likes.
A way to solve Karma Stagflation
Instead of spending billions of dollars on US elections, candidates should use that money to fund charities, small businesses, social programs, etc.
A special organization, website, or Reddit where you can submit someone’s name, a little bit about them (such as what they like, their hobbies, etc.), and people will send them a birthday card. I’m thinking especially for people who might not otherwise get any.
The google home, except it is an actual home where google is all around you. Google sink, google dishwasher, google bed, everything.
If the pokemon Mr.Mime can make invisible walls by compressing air,it can probably make a invisible gun made out of air.
Two factor auth for atm machines, whether it’s a text or a confirmation in your banks mobile app
A call for justice for victims of terrorism!
Fingerprint the deceased
Climate change is actually the work of a doomsday cult who realized the most effective way to recreate Hell on Earth
A 911 alert button on guns.
A programm that mixes songs together in a completely new song.
A "stock market" for the amount of monthly listeners an artist gets on Spotify. You can "invest" and watch the monthly listeners grow - extra points for finding an artist before they're popular. MemeEconomy for music.
Would It Worth It ?
A social “Credit Score” for companies and organizations that records and reports publicly how they responded to/handled important situations, such as dealing with COVID-19. This credit agency would also hold a credit score and would be harmed by biased reporting.
Make the women's bathrooms larger than the normal sized bathrooms/mens bathrooms for that building
During Daylight Saving Time transitions, clocks should have a "feels like" time.
Singing Contest without Words
Get the voice actors from Toon Sandwitch (Fanfictasia) series to read comic books on YouTube.
They should teach kids in school how to report crimes such as being groomed online.
The Bichelor/Bichelorette
A drink called AFuckingLert
YouTube creates a match-up app that can both match you up for friendship and releationship. YouTube takes all the user-data for which videos you are watching/have watched and matches you up with the person that has the closest matching watchlist.
Flavored Water
Instead of Supreme Court justices serving for life, the loser of the presidential election nominates all new judges every 4 years
send me money on cashapp
Reality TV show with anti-vaxx on a contaminated cruise ship
A subscription where you can make a meme idea as a voicemessage and they create it without mematic
Since they say the post nut clarity is some of the clearest thoughts you'll ever have, all men should constantly masturbate at every available opportunity in order to sustain this elevated level of consciousness
kitchen nightmares but for music.
They should let you trade in 1000 Snapple bottle caps for an Associate's Degree.
Find out where temperatures are taken for weather reports and cover them in ice or heaters to make the thermostat raise or lower the temperature outside
Streaming services should also have channels
A "demolition entertainment company" that takes houses for demolition and sells tickets for people to have a go at them with crowbars, sledgehammers etc.
Beauty and the Beast except it's just the Beast, and all he does is eat, shit. and sleep. Instead of a castle, it's the woods. Instead of all the characters, they're all trees.
Downvote button should require a comment reply to why the downvote for(as a mandatory). It's okay to have different opinions and debate about it, but maturity should comes first.
Make one of those cool billionaires donate to save USPS
The Onion should report real news April Fools Day
Would I be risking my life to convincingly appear and walk as a zombie down a lonely low traffic country road at night?
A pill that makes you wet the bed for a week, for pranks.
An unrelated Police Enforcement Administration that handles any cases against police officers
A mirror that doesn’t show your reflection
Legal organ auction
Delete all of Reddit
Employ the medieval stretchy bed torture device to start your day with the mother of all morning stretches.
Build giant solar sails attached to the earth, only reflecting on one side, thereby preventing the earth's rotation from slowing down.
Hot water hat.
The Bible, but with guns
A 'No questions' lane at large stores
random acts of violence from one FPS video game into another. characters from one suddenly appear, do their dirty work, and escape back to their own game.
A Reddit Battle Royale where each map is based on a specific sub, the players that win get upvoted and get too carry on with the match, while the losers get downvoted and are kicked from the server.
If given reddit gold you have 24 hrs to gift it to someone else but it turns to reddit silver, platinum to gold etc.
A siren that sounds like a pigs squealing
The Olympic Games, but gold medals are awarded to whoever comes second. Those who come first are sacrificed, to appease Zeus.
In Double Dragon, where you jump across the bridge in the forest, dragons rise up from the water and can eat you - but you can kick and punch them back into the water before they do.
A new movie called CopRoach, about a Roach with an insatiable thirst for justice.
A male Karen should be called a Harvey.
California should dissolve itself into 69 strategically designed states of equal proportion to Wyoming in order to take over the Senate
Strike for pockets!
After your 2nd DUI conviction, you are only allowed to drive a motorcycle and you are not allowed to wear a helmet
A politician's salary is proportional to their voter margin
Rob the military and give the money to NASA
A social media where all the posts you see are from people you've added, and with a chat function like Facebook, but everyone is still anonymous, like Reddit.
Shark Tank for nonviolent people in prison
Nationwide mandatory 2 week quarantine every year
Youtube Kids should be a separate app from Youtube
Use Deep-Learning Models Now to Develop Possible Vaccines for Future Viruses
Nationwide government-sponsored channels with super high quality instruction for each grade level so our teachers are responsible only for grading assignments.
No more landlords. The government handles housing and uses our rent money to pay for things instead of taxes.
Make the scientists and engineers at NASA be high on heroin when they design and build rockets. Then, assuming the rockets malfunction, have the scientists and engineers in training go over the schematics to see what went wrong.
On election day, we should all share posts and facebook events for monument tear downs and statue vandalism. The racist people will go to defend the statues and forget to vote
A bracelet for Cruise Ship passengers that send out a bat signal to the captain if they get at or below sea level. So life alert for overboard
A "Hate bucket" in your home where you put all the little stuff you own but kinda hate (that one weird fork, that really itchy tshirt) and at the end of the year you pee in the bucket and put it on top of the stove for a week.
US Confederacy Surrender Day
A bottle that is completely transparent to UV light, so you can set it out in the sun and sanitize water.
Bio-Rating: Netflix connects to my smartwatch and retrieves my heart rate so that it knows if I am bored or excited while watching a show.
Name your dog a hand sign
Instead of buying a space heater during winter, just set your AC unit on fire.You can type your exes or siblings name into tinder so no one comes up with that name. Ever.
An App That Translates Sign Language Into Verbal Speech
Ron Paul’s Drag RaceIran attacks are a false flag by the deep state to bring down Trump
Instead of banning cheaters on online games, make them queue up against other cheaters
The US Congress should have 80,000 representatives and convene in an arena.
Put a professional hypnotist on Fox News show Fox and friends
People should get together to create a reading list of fictional books that are great but also are the best in terms of expanding your vocabulary
Take all of your underwear to an embroidery shop and have “front“ emblazoned on both sides.
Repurpose a decommissioned cruise ship to be an ark for pollinators, far enough away from mainlands to avoid things like colony collapse.Use military funding to develop vaccines against viruses that could potentially cause a pandemic before it does. Also develop a method to deflect or destroy meteorites/asteroids.
A microwave except it makes things cold.
"Don't blame others for the road you're on. That's your own asphalt."
Family Guy but funny
The REAL Future of Display Technology
Create a free OnlyFans page for a CG and OC character.
Pretend to be a sexual predator so that you can meet Chris Hanson.
This idea will stomp the Corona Curve, save millions, potentially billions in supplies and labor, save millions of lives, and get the nation back to work in 30 days...it’s just...extreme...
Let's Create a New religion: Doggo Religion
A doggy sex dog doll.
Have likes and dislike buttons on YouTube or any other social media be where you can double-like something. Where you can repeatedly tap likes, dislikes, hearts, downvotes or upvotes to see how much effort people would put into repeatedly liking or disliking something.
An Israeli airline named Chimney Airways, because it gets passengers into the air
Let babies vote
r/fauxpast where you can post all your past faux pas and other awkward moments that you still think about that no one else does.
Turn decommissioned airplanes into homeless shelters.
a $42 bill, proving that money is the answer to life, the universe, and everything (as in the Hitchhikers Guide To The Galaxy)
Make immortality spray and spray it on the world without telling anyone, so boomers could face cosequences of screwing up the planet.
Start calling people who report on/blog about/have radio or TV show about politics "influencers" instead of "journalists" or "reporters"
Make prisoners pay their debt to society by having them generate electricity to cities through bicycles.
Universal Car Insurance built into your annual registration costs.
Dating websites should remove photo-sending functions so people will actually look for their soulmate according to texts, finding out about the other's personality instead of being blinded over how hot the other person is.
Ghosts and Humans
A "random" button on streaming sites when selecting which episode to watch
A tow truck Uber where you sit in your car's backseat and they tow it to a destination.
Dildo-shaped vapes, for people who are embarrassed to be vaping.
YouTube should make a poll every year where we vote for a channel to be terminated.
Repackage beef jerky as "human jerky*" and disclaimer says "beef jerky made for humans to eat"
Start petitioning for a reboot of the PBSKids show Zoom while the word is on everyone's minds
Lollipops that taste like various cured meats.
Have police hand out a coupon for a free sandwich with every ticket.
I need help.
Move all Karens to a remote island where they will remain for the rest of their life
Make on of those first person shooters where fast movement is your primary defence (think doom, quake etc) but then have all weapons be equally insanely overpowered (like semi automatic rocket launchers or fully auto shotguns) and then let the chaos commence
A truck that beeps while driving forward so you don't have to see where you're driving. Its on others to not get hit by a beeping truck.
A robocaller that keeps your boss busy on the phone all day
When I get a boat, I'm naming it "The Dead Hooker".
A TV show where actors who've played different roles interact with each other in that role, e.g. Walter White meets Tim Whatley and Hal
Teabags, but with coffee instead of tea.
Memorial services for those lost, instead of reciting the pledge during school mornings
Ideas for a Youtube channel about... ideas?
Universally change the past tense of "hang" to "hung", and completely eliminate "hanged" as it doesn't sound right.
Make fake political campaign signs and put them in your yard, and alongside the real ones you sometimes see next to the road. Put names on them that are just a little too silly to be real, like "Rene Wables" or "Bobson Dugnutt."
White wall offroad tires
A Time Traveler day, where a designated time and place becomes the spot where future time travelers should go and assist us, because they have no target place or time to go currently.
There should be a mandatory tl;dr at the end of every university textbook.
Have a big publicized event declaring that you are going have a Tide pod eating contest.
A Christmas themed porno titled “Le tits now”
A date rape drug that has an antidote you can give yourself beforehand, so you can drink out of the same bottle
A special toy bag that's safe for toddlers and babies to play with
Take the Southern States and make them their own country. That way each side of the country could do what it wants.
Put a 1 year limit on showerthoughts because the mathematically they are gonna run out of shit you can think about in the shower.A simple idea to watch 2nd Amendment supporters cave in on themselves
Regularly film yourself acting crazy just in case you need to plead insanity in the future
Purge of all illegal immigrants and perminute homeless individuals
There is now a Twitter account that tracks toilet paper inventory online
A dating site for infected individuals called Will You Be My Quaran-Tine?
A remake of the Golden Girls with exactly the same audio, but with Golden Retrievers playing all the parts
A planetary supercomputer that could render photorealistic simulations of every single possible child porn video possible, so that pedophiles could watch without having actual kids harmed
A website where you can submit voice recording that auto dials your local/state political representatives.
Electing public officials via a survey, similar to an MBTI or other personality tests.
Aircraft noses should have a camera on the bottom so that pilots can see the ground directly below them
The Devil does Gods Bidding of crowd controlling heaven, God has standards for entry and the devil is god's contractor to conserve heaven's resources
Collectively get a film in the IMDB Top 250 by selecting an obscure film to all vote on.
Remove all comment sections from everything.
Suspend sales tax until the change shortage is over.
A band that wears masks based on different genres of metal, implying their diversity in their music as well as "for fun."
Everyone write "2021 is the end" on thousands of little pieces of paper, then we can meet in Pittsburgh, specifically the top of the US Steel Tower, then we release them.
Every Protest Should Have a Table with a Stack of Voter Registration Forms, Self-Addressed Stamped Envelopes, and a Bowl of Pens Set Up Next to a Mailbox
If Kobe Bryant was still alive he’d beat covid19 in isolation. No mercy, no game 5 - it’d be a clean sweep!
Every usa president must send a gift of their own poop in a jar to every other country's government who wants it, like Kim Jong Un refused to gift his poop to usa when he literally brought his own toilet during a visit to stop people from spying on his possible medical vulnerabilities
Outlaw lobbying of all kinds
Carry an elephant around by the foot. That way, you can swing it at people as a weapon for self-defense.
A government program called “Witless Protection” where they place politicians and celebrities who are so clueless and stupid that they need to be protected from themselves.
Voting
If You've Never Failed You've Never Lived
Yesterday I (F)30 wanted to see what I’d look like with lip fillers so I went and caught a bee.
Enter random phrases into the porn site search bar to discover new kinks.
You have the right to a video of your procedure while under anesthesia
Meta meals: For breakfast, oatmeal with oatmilk.
A sexual consent app
Hire Morgan Freeman to read the jury's verdict in murder trials
If Taylor Swift dated Carrie Underwood and broke up, that day would make music history.
An cellphone-clicker-idle style game with the ability to script actions, might be the best way to get people to learn programming.
Give all boys vasectomies for their 13th birthday and have the only legal way that the vasectomy to be reversed be if they can get assessed for having all the required skills to be a good parent/capable adult
Cheetos dust should be available to buy on its own
Remake the room but with Tom Cruise as Tommy Wiseau, Brad Pit as Mark, Tom Holland as Denny, and Scarlet Johannsen as Lisa
Use reverse psychology. Tell anti-maskers they're not allowed to have any vaccines. Watch as they suddenly demand to speak to the manager and demand to receive a vaccine for free.
Trump's paradise
This is by far the strangest dream I’ve ever had
T-Shorts
From the makers of Mr. Coffee, it's... Mr. Tea!
Really big lego sets should include builders permits and zoning restriction documentation.
Turn high security prisons into a museum where people can come and see the famous murderers and criminals as well as learn about what they did then use the profits for social programs to help improve society
On how to punish Trump's Critics.
What if instead of correcting the word you misspelled, autocorrect deleted it, forcing you to spell it right by yourself.
Red Light X - App Idea for finding a Prostitute! (Kinda like Uber)
Call the COVID-19 vaccine the Trump vaccine and take a video of Trump getting his shot. It may get his supporters who are anti-vaxxers to switch sides.
Why?
Have political candidates play an advanced village management game with actual things like solving unemployment, dealing with environmental issues, and organizing taxes live on TV.
For-profit prisons on Mars.
Make all subtitles in that font that's easier for dyslexics to read.
Periodic Global Music Champion
What if the Covid 19 Lockdown is really just maintenance in the simulation and we are waiting for an update.
Jump at random times and if questioned by anyone say "sorry, I hit the wrong button"
A shopping cart with an attached GPS where you can plug in your grocery list and it shows you the fastest possible route to get your things
If you are in a social setting and feel a need to masturbate, don’t make an excuse for leaving. Just stand up, say “I need to clear my head,” and walk out.
Corporations will start using your own photos and videos you uploaded to social media to run personalized commercials on your home screens. Deep-fake-style ads of you driving the next model or enjoying the latest consumer product.
Squeeze all Bob's until we find spongebob 😅
A robot that can fix your damaged parachute during a fall.
Fashion Police Brutality.
Legalize speeding but make it illegal to crash
Substitute presidential debates with the two potential free leaders of the world fighting in the octagon.
All police uniforms, riot gear and vehicles should display a large alphanumeric number that can be read from a distance exactly like athletic uniforms do. Three digits can handle even the largest departments.
A live action monopoly movie similar to The Wolf of Wall Street.
create a manufactured human enzyme ACE2 spray to cover an area to trick the covid virus into infecting the ace2 from the spray instead of trying to infect humans.
Every Decade the world takes a two month vacation.
r/virtualmasturbation&amp;sex
A movie where some amount of the Roman Empire is transported to modern times wanting to take control of the world and they have machine guns.
Kim Jong-un and The Kardashians
Flood the doorways of business with a cloud of bubbles. Anyone wearing a mask won't breath in any soap.
A political debate sub where you're randomly assigned a position to defend on a weekly basis. Get kicked out if you don't really work to debate your side, regardless of whether you agree with it.
Stealing is legal but theres a 300% tax on it, like you find a car with the keys in it and drive it away then pay 3 times its value when you file your taxes, or you go into a store and skip the cash register and pay 3 times that value in taxes, or pay 1/3 that cost at the register. What happens?
A keyboard with a screen on every key to adapt to many keyboard layouts (QWERTY, AZERTY, QWERTZ, Chinese, Japanese...), as well as displaying emojis or only the useful keys in complex softwares or games.
A game about repairing vehicles and finding cheaper parts at scrap yards to teach you about mechanics. You get to test drive each car after.
Put Ted Cruz and Carol Baskin in a giant mason jar and see who kills each other first.
People should be taxed ONLY according to whatever proportion we are represented in congress; men should be taxed 50% more and women should be taxed 50% less until the representation evens out.
Add flavoring to the artificial snow made at ski resorts.
And airline based out of Spain called 'Spanish Flew'
An ongoing "Hard Knocks" style documentary show, but centered around Quidditch.
A rollercoaster-like train ride to work so everyone gets their morning dose of adrenaline to start the day actively.
Employers should be required to pay you for the time it takes to jump through their hoops.
Spotify wrapped, but have it be from Pornhub
A large burrito should be named a "burro"
Game show idea: "What Was He On?!" Where contestants are given true stories about people doing wacky shit while on drugs, and contestants must correctly guess what substance(s) the person was high on at the time
A comedy sketch where MacGyver is retired and a hoarder.
Pre Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), like when you know something bad is about to happen
It's possible to will yourself dead, but everyone who has ever seriously tried succeeded.
The USPS should stop delivery to all government buildings, and cite budget cuts as the reason.
Let’s all start saying “Dude, mate”
Fish should evolve to learn using a fishing rod
Let's all at 6:00 PM unsubscribe from pewdiepie for a minute and then subscribe again, this will give him a heart attack.
Dark mode on drive thru menu signs
Televise (and promote) the "actual" election of the American president - December 14th - when the 538 electors cast their vote. Bonus#1 Educate America that these 538 people are the only ones who actually vote for president. Bonus#2 We get to watch Trump lose *yet again*.
A small RC car that uses an internal combustion engine
Shut down Twitter and Facebook till the end of elections
Amazon Alexa Idea
Generation Z, listen.....
To be able to search for a picture in my gallery based on its content and not only by name
Since money is printed on linen, use the same obfuscation process to vote on this paper. Have electronic and linen paper money votes. VOTE WITH YOUR MONEY.
An official movie studio that directs pretty much fanfiction. Fans would submit their ideas and like, one a year, the best one gets produced.
USPS should set up a service that lets you send a kind message to someone at random. Maybe people sign up for it, but ideally it would be anyone with an address or mailing address could just one day wake up with a nice message in their mailbox.
Tow Australia 10-20 degrees south to make it less of a hellhole, and more of a temperate area.
Streaming services should have a way to make a playlist
An underwater jetpack!
With all professional sports seasons cancelled in the United States, average Americans need to come together as shitty knockoff teams and play out the schedules of their local pro teams for broadcast on YouTube.
The coronavirus is a sign from God that bernie is the way forward for American voters. M4A bitches!
A slow reality show where 2 species of invasive plants are fighting for territory
Bake cupcakes and hand them out at pharmacies/doctor's office to people who get their vaccines.
The live, flashy entertainment and choreography of World Wrestling Entertainment, but for martial arts like karate and kung fu.
Internet Rule 27: You can't watch scenes from Hellsing Ultimate on YouTube without the comments section referencing Hellsing Abridged.
Reverse noise-canceling headphones
A battle royal game where you can bounty other players for the whole game.
The Infinite Toilet Roll System. Never replace toilet paper again. A hidden space behind the wall feeds an unlimited supply of TP from a tastefully designed waterproof mechanically powered Mega-Roll-Unit, attached to the side of the house, containing the equivalent of 1,000 rolls.
A device which enables those with Attention Deficit Disorder the ability to
Make an absolutely normal Disney film where at the end the main villain is killed in an incredibly graphic display of violence
If all of #PCMR sold all their #Bitcoin, the prices would crash and miners would have to #Ebay their used GPUs...
Put bounties on people who accumulate a certain amount of wealth (100 Billion??)
Yell at someone driving the speed limit to slow down.
A Saw movie but everyone survives and successfully finish their tests without any harm
What if the government is hiding the existence of aliens with light pollution
Tindr but for gamer friends
When you enter a store without a mask a roof mounted merch gun turret launches a headcrab like mask onto the customer. Then using facial recognition it bills them. Also it is equipped with a high wattaged laser that can drill through titanium in a few seconds.
implant a piece of a bomb inside your bones then refuse medical treatment when they want to remove it
Take out a loan. Go to Vegas. Bet it all on double zero. If you win, pay off the loan and you're rich. If you lose, kill yourself and the debt can't be collected because you're dead.
7 Movies same story but 7 directors but not tell the directors.
How To Grow Some Nuts And How To Approach Your Crush before another dude does.
Glue 5,000 Skittles to a Zentai and walk around as the new mascot "The Skittler" ripping candies off your suit &amp; throwing them at people while yelling 'Skittle Me This!' until Mars Candies either hires you or pays you to stop.
Remake The Lord of the Rings, but show what happens in bloody detail when people get injured by swords or struck by arrows.
The top 4 tech companies should provide a universal pay
Plant a tree at every corner in every intersection
Continue the Game of Thrones TV series with non-stop filler episodes until the next book comes out
if Dianne Fienstien retires Gave Newson should replace her with Kamala Harris
Reddit should call OC content IJustMaddit.
A musical called Les Miserable. About a bloke called Leslie who moans and complains a lot.
an elevator that takes you where its owner wants you to go instead of where you want to go
We should preemptively quarantine all anti-vaxxers into a big hole, or maybe the Sun
Hot slaw
Recreate the Punisher
Alright now hear me out. A competent Government that actually does right by the people
Change the English numbers to make more sense
Apple Music and other music streaming services should have an option that when you add a playlist to your library, it allows you to choose to add any versions of the songs you already have in your library, rather than those in the playlist.
They should cast Johnny Depp in the next Aquaman
A coffee truck instead of an ice cream truck
A company that locks you in a shipping container with supplies for 21 days. The destination is unknown. The container will unlock. All you will have for your onwards journey is 5000 Euros and an Argentinian passport. Your story for authorities is you were kidnapped.
They should make pickle flavored margarita.
Give Dr. Mitt Romney some "girl power"
Start a beverage competitor to Orangina called Applenis and design the bottle neck to fit inside the hole of the Orangina bottle
We should make glow in the dark trees to replace street lamps.
A lyrics search site that finds the songs which have all the words you entered but without the same order
What if we disband police departments and just give the guns to firemen?
Create a phone app were the keypad includes the "any" key.
If there's traffic which reduces the average speed of travel to less than 30 mph then semi trucks should not be allowed on the road except for local deliveries.
After this is over let's have a yearly month long quarantine to help the environment. Also it would be fun if we knew when it was over and if everyone who couldn't work gets a month of wages
A subreddit for a rational and positive alternative to the stupid cancel culture. Here posts will make a case against an influencial figure or corporation and upvotes will decide who the community decides unanimously go after.
money cards that dont have your password printed on them, so if someone steals the card theres no useful info printed on it and you can just keep using one of the duplicate cards they send you 5 all at once
Create a tattoo removal business called Ctrl-Z
Need an invention to solve a Covid-related problematic but I think I can´t do it.
Make it so you can sort an entire subreddit by controversial, not just comments
Shopping carts should have brakes
What if us humans are the NPCs and pets are the real playing characters
Incorporating condo buildings into municipal infrastructure
Grow some regular portobello mushrooms in substrate, except put little plastic frames around them so that as they grow, they're forced into a square shape. Then sell your square shrooms at the local farmer's market.Issue a blanket pardon to every US citizen so you don't need to support police, prisons, judicial and legislative systems of the government. Share saved money with everyone. Result: everyone is rich and happy!
Google Maps but it shows the flow of all publicly trackable money.
A website where I could hire a "hitman in training" at a reduced cost. They end my life, insurance benefits for my family, hitman gets the practice. It's a win-win-win
Everybody send money to my paypal.
Measure wealth in units of some kind of product that matters to people, like how many chef prepared steaks is your net worth, or how many video games could you buy like it used to be you had to spend $50 but now there's many for $1 and some free
Open a canary shop in an abandoned coal mine.
flash bangs guns should change
Snail mail but they only mail snails
Pizza and pies tell us how much percent is left
Create a tv show that’s based around Russian roulette, except instead of bullets in a gun, it’s gross tasting food on a table. You spin the table and if it lands on the nasty food you have to eat all of it in a time limit. You could call it “Just American things...nbd.”
There should be a whiskey named Earth Air.
Drug addict about cultural differences in the USA and Europe (Lithuania) 🌸👀
TV production companies should offer a version with full sound effects and another version with quieter sound effects for people with mesophonia.
Two words- Edible. Napkins.
Everyone in the US should only speak Spanish whenever possible.
Unleash a wave a knife-wielding crabs at your local playground
A TV in your home that displays the memes you enjoy, similarly to how people display their sense of art by framing it in their house.
A political sub where REDDIT auto deletes the word Republican or Democrat (&amp;synonyms) so people have to discuss policy/real change instead of predicted ideals and avoid “teams” for American government
An option in video games to see if another player earned or purchased a reward
A YouTube channel that reviews having sex with various foods.
A big budget action film where the old white dude who offers the protagonist the risky but rewarding job turns out to not be the bad guy.
make a robot that cooks food but he reacts to your feedback on the food
A Ratatouille prequel about Colette's experiences working in a male dominated kitchen.
do you think that every belief or ideology centers in one way or another that this life does not matter. this is a playground life. what comes after is the truth?
Instead of using unsold advent calendars as cheap chocolate after Christmas, use them instead as calendars again in order to motivate you to get out of bed through January
The are you a troll feature
A talent competition subreddit where only a certain amount of submissions are allowed for a few days and the the video with the most upvotes that week gets stickied for the following week so that person gets exposure.
Everyone actually perceives a particular colour differently but we don't know about it because we use the same names consistently
Make a movie, but made completely of shots within Liminal Spaces (Backrooms)
Two minutes left in the fourth quarter of the Super Bowl, all players take a knee... and the game stops there.
A mod for navigation apps that mimics Pac-Man. Your icon eats the dots of the prescribed route. If you go off the route, ghosts eat you and it plays the game over music as it recalculates.
Create 2 identical apartments/houses and install hidden microphones and speakers everywhere. Have a 24/7 connection between the 2 houses. Then, put people who believe in ghosts into both of them. Watch them freak out.
Waiters and waitresses should ask couples "anything else for the lovely couple" when nearing end of meal as a way to up sell and also for the boys to see what their partner says. If partner interjects with "no we're just friends", split the bill so boy won't have to pay for the other person
Covid 19 SARS 2-Cure?GUESS
Police officers should spend their first two years of service as unarmed bouncers so they get a crash course in deescalation from the most annoying and potentially violent people out there...drunks
A reality TV show that starts out like it’s about a couple hunting for a new house but the “real estate agent” is really a couples counselor, and instead of choosing a house, the couple has to decide whether to stay together or break up.
HP 15q-dy0007au (6AL29PA) Laptop
Fandom: The place for fans of content creators/social media stars
I could do with a little help.
Google should add a feature to Google Maps to filter for local businesses. This would allow people to easily find local businesses that they can then go and support!
Glue thousands of ants to the bottoms of your feet and use their combined strength to make it look like you're hovering across the floor without moving your feet to impress everyone. At the end of the day when they're dead, just scrape the ants off with a butter knife and do the same thing tomorrow.
2 jobs, doing basically the same thing at the same business, but 1 is paid at minimum wage and the other is an unpaid internship.
Make “racist” it’s own race so that the government can identify and marginalize the racists so that it’s like being a sex offender and they put a sign in your front yard. And so that if racism is a race and people want to be openly racist, we can be racist against racists
A Star Wars nature show about the animals, monsters, and all sorts of creatures in the galaxy like the Taun Tauns and Rancor.
A website which tells you if a video is clickbait or not
The perfect murder: pose as a crime scene clean-up service. Just walk into the person's house, kill, and clean it up at your leisure.
Gates and Bezos need to bury millions of dollars and give clues as to where for buried treasure hunts.
Rich people are killing everything on the planet in the name of profit, so we should kill them first.
a dating app for honest people. all required to submit photo's of themselves without any filters. full body images, no obscure/deceitful angles.
If you like the show America’s funniest home videos. There should be an America’s funniest home tiktoks. And on tiktok the app, you can press a vote button for the funniest ones
It should be mandatory for subscription based services to send a warning email 3 days before they take money from your account.Use Trump Tower as a morgue for Covid-19 Deaths
Stop using the word ‘insane’ which suggests that people are ‘in’ a mode of ‘sanity’. Instead, start using the word ‘out- sane’.
No more disposable dishes / flatware. Everyone buys permanent, portable tupperware that you take to restaurants. When you order food, they serve it to you in your dish. When you order food at home, the delivery person serves your food on your plates or leaves a dish / box that you pay a deposit for.
A worldwide conspiracy that says that a new vitamin has been discovered that cures depression completely. Only the people that invented it know it’s a placebo, therefore curing depression.
Could you tame a dinosaur?
Wall street sub should do to Toy's RUs what they did with GameStop #$GME, #TRUs
An easy access website/app that hosts profiles of journalists giving details such as their reliability
We should take all the plastic out of the ocean and dump it into orbit as space junk.
App that acts as a companion to help individuals, learn, grow and manage their career.
Goatmeal- A 100% goat based substitute for oatmeal
Marvel should introduce a villain that's the opposite of Ghost Rider called "Negative Ghost Rider."
Make the maximum gross annual income for every person $1 million (USD equivalent)
Replace the word ‘Pandemic’ with ‘Plandemic’ every you type or say it.
Give Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos control of major websites
Made up a world, next step ideas...
A movie about a janitor who is constantly cleaning up after the heroes defending humanity
Make reddit karma a currency that can be exchanged until such a point when 1% of redditors have billions of karma. The 1% can give few units of karma to the 99% who make memes for the 1% to post. This will make reddit a perfect mirror of the real world.
Popping Volcanoes Like Pimples
Establish UBI, make every single job have the same wage, and make all schools free so that everyone can pursue their dream job and be happy their entire lives.
everyone everywhere gives up their citizenship in all countries all at once, conditional on everyone else does it else it has no legal effect so theres no risk of you losing your citizenship but others keeping theirs. or if 90% of everyone that might be enough.
hamb7rgwr and hotdog in the same plate
Netflix comments
Bring in lots of people with allergies to various different spices and herbs, feed them all KFC and find out the recipe easily based on the allergic reactions.
When you get in arguments with people, instead of getting louder with escalating tension, start whispering until eventually you are just mouthing
A refrigerator with a clear door to see what's in the fridge without wasting energy
We should make a quiz show, where some rich trust fund kid has to guess the retail prices of ordinary household objects (clothes, kitchen utensils, food etc) and if they guess wrong they have to donate money to charity
A cooking show where all the judges suck at cooking but all the contestants are professional chefs
Go out there and get yourself infected with Coronavirus right NOW
Post a video on Instagram and edit into it a white heart that appears for a second, people will think they liked your video and will dislike it, only to like it for real.
What if you were able to send/transfer data to people’s phone through messages?
Just a suggestion
Release a single with the top recording artists to raise cash for a Coronavirus vaccine!
Vegas should start a betting pool for when the Queen of England dies.
Have Danny Glover pitch a "Gettin to old for this shit" Term life insurance policy plan.
Cars on the road to be able to communicate
In the next civil war, the south should offer free citizenship to any mexican who fights for them, and could destroy the border to try to get mexico to side with them.
Idea that would be a shit-show but nevertheless, crazy: starting April 1st, Reddit allows people to delete and edit other people's comments for exactly 12 hours. No announcement is made, everyone has to figure it out for themselves.
There should be a guns free zone at every riot/protest
There’s been conspiracy theories about de-population plans for decades... They might have hit the perfect combination of manipulated events this time.
There should be a function on google maps that tells you how much gas you will use and how much it’ll cost based on the stations in your area
Seperate identical twins at birth. Tell them they're single kids, and keep telling them about this crazy cloning machine. One day, take them both to a fancy laboratory and pretend you're cloning them.
If we fooled everyone into believing that the earth is flat we could frighten them that if they don't do something about the environment the ice wall of Antarctica would melt. Then all the water would poor down AND WE WOULD DIE
A remake of James Bond You Only Live Twice but before every dangerous thing he does he shouts "YOLT!"
A Safdie Brothers movie starring Kevin James as a washed up boxer who collects debts for the crooked bookie/loanshark who got him suspended for throwing fights in the first place
Fightclub Development Lifecycle. The engineers rule the org again just like in the 90s
An app on your phone where you can receive all your receipts from storesHere's a thought, what are yours?
A software that converts minecraft maps into .stl files to 3D print
Throw all the excess garbage from Earth periodically into the Sun.
All fandom wikis should put a spoiler tag covering whether or not the character is alive or dead.
A Final Destination-style horror comedy starring Sean Bean and Danny Trejo.
Reddit should make awards almost like a currency. For example, if you receive a gold, you can either keep it for your collection or give it to someone else.
Draft athletes based not on their skill, but on how unique and cool their last names are.
Re-purpose the Federal&gt;State&gt;County&gt;Municipality model of government structure to the 10 Mega-Regions of the US
Boyz II Men should launch a line of clothing and call it "Ice Wear"
A Bluetooth chair that displays your weight on your computer.
Urinals for shitting and stalls for pissing
Ice cream trucks should have a secret menu with beer so the entire family could enjoy, not sure if this has been posted before but my friends and I thought it was a pretty interesting idea
Every single time a black person is killed by the cops we should all go out and destroy private property. Wreck everything, every single time, until they start valuing black people’s lives as much as their propert... uh... wait. No. That’s not what I meant!
New idea: My eyes won’t close.
Scarlet Johansson should work her song from SING into her Marvel show.
Create a Game of Thrones style show based on what people 1,000 years from now believe Florida was like
CyberSecurity News Telegram Channel
An app on your phone that looks like a calculator, and when it open it looks exactly like a calculator and function like one. But when you press in a pattern like a password it becomes a storage app where you can write secret stuff you don't want people to know.
Amazon should have a % of purchasers who returned and a % of purchasers who exchanged. This would be way more effective in telling us the quality of a product.
There's 10 presidents the first month then we choose which one to keep
Renew the Penalty Program from the USPS
Write your birthday in binary on your birthday cake to achieve the appearance of amazing longevity and youthfulness. This year mine could have said happy 101011th birthday! (And I don't look a day over 100000!)
Purposely get eaten by a shark for the entertainment of your 5 year old daughter
Imagine designing militaries based on a nation's old soldiers with modern ones.
Minority Report, but for firefighters
The World Boxing Organization - A sport where warehouse workers compete in various box-related competitions such as who can pack the most in the least time, or who can fit the most stuff in a single box.
Prayer Section
Isolate all the Karen's and Anti-Vaxxers to form their own nation outside of the US and see how long they can last
A website where people who squat their trucks can sell the other half of their lift kit so someone can get a complete lift kit for cheaper.
Dedicating a field, internationally, to the science and philosophy of happiness.
A lottery to win a trip to space.
Solving world hunger in the worst way possible. Have a mass liposuction event in 1st world countries that brings everyone back to a healthy weight. Then take all the fat to third world countries and inject into the malnourished and undernourished people.
A person should come up with as many asshole designs and then patent them. Then when companies come up with the same idea the person patent trolls them to protect the public from asshole companies
Challenge the reign of rectangular butter! Start selling butter in small rounds like little wheels of cheese, with indicator lines on the wrapper for how to cut it into "pie slices" the size of a tablespoon.
watchyu think?
Sports LARPing!
Tapas restaurant where everyone gets one piece plus one extra. The extra piece is super spicy and whoever gets that one has to pay for that dish. If no one gets it, then the server has to eat it and dish is on the house.
A line of dog friendly ice cream endorsed by snoop D.O.doubleG....and of course the brandname for his ice cream line ............. sCoop doggy dogg...........
About to become homeless due to Covid Eviction? Burn it down. If everyone does, evictions will stop.
Scare the crap out of everyone
Lawyers should be free, defense or otherwise. It
A silverware store that is also a restaurant so you can try before you buy.
Standardized colours for different liquid medications to make them easier to identify and impossible to switch/mix up.
RickRoll Bot
Presidential candidates should be fed to a tiger if they go over time
Future American presidential debates should have a format similar to an unpleasant game show, details in description.
