I don't take no for an answer when I'm right.
I will make you wait.
Steal my rent money? I'll make sure you pay in more ways than one
My mom made fun of my memory loss due to depression, so I told her the ending of Game of Thrones.
My ex-boyfriend took one of each of my shoes
Need help getting revenge on my roommates
Making me like in unlivable conditions? An Update!
No call, no bathroom
Have fun finding another job, bitch.
Just Say Thank You
Be an edgy asshole take some free negative karma
Searching for the right answer
I’m not making you chili
Paying for $40 of pizza in small coins? Hope you like cold pizza.
What's that boss? I can't hear you. You're breaking up.
Disrespect me? Have slow internet for the rest of the day.
Don't mess with people who work nights.
Since we're talking about rubber feet on electronic devices...
Hi to you, too
Misdelivered Mail
Payback stinks, you smudgy jerk!
This girl at work likes me, I've told her I'm not interested in dating at the workplace, now she's gotten really weird and talks trash about me behind my back, thinks it won't get back to me, but then tries to act nice in person. She's asked me to write some papers for her for money...
I told on a little kid, and it was awesome!
encouraged the ferrets to steal his shit
Petty revenge by proxy?
Smelly ears
Honkers revenge
3rd hand barista revenge
I wrestled a guy for $3000, and the boss wouldn’t give me my money
Anonymous fb message
Beat me and brag about it? Fine. Round 2.
Today you learned that Karma's a bitch.
I'm sick and I can't go home early? You aren't sick and you go home early? OK.
Complain about people not wearing their masks, well ok then the rule is the same for everyone
petty revenge for petty dipshits
Bad tip? Good tip.
Don't park so close to me
She said I was lying about being abused, I gave the most minimal revenge I could (I felt guilty)
dont piss off a broadband salesman
Sniffin' Things
Berate me for your mistakes? Enjoy your new fragrance
Sometimes revenge is just a dish.I Turned My Crazy Grandma's House Upside-down, Literally
You abused an animal and then cried about being the real victim. I'll gave you something to cry about.
Baked potato (I will explain)
Whilst in traffic, I saw a man in the third lane over throw an empty cigarette carton onto the ground. A woman in the middle lane saw too and looked at me. We shook our heads, pulled up next to the man, and tutted at him and pointed at the carton on the ground. Then a third person joined in.
Stiff me? I’ll show you!
Petty neighbourly revenge
Help me ruin this person's life
This is what you get for not pushing in your chair...
Lie to me I'll lie back
Some people never learn..
No parking for you!
Acting like a pompous bitch? Have a nice anniversary!
I know that your going to look at other girls, but do you have to make it so obvious?
Need ideas - false rape accusation
Four wheel drive
Don't say please? Drink the peasant water!
elevator revenge
You want petty? Try downright diabolical...
She got a plateful
Calculator War ends in my victory
Newsflash: Other People Exist
my sibiling llikes to copy me so...
You annoy me while walking? Be prepared to go to the ER.
Not willing to listen to me? I didn’t see the paper you dropped that seemed important.
A Can of Revenge
My oldest siblings bullied me as a kid, now i get to enjoy their misery.
i got bullied and my principal didn't do anything about it so I got her fired
Professional Revenge
No reason to be mad? Have fun paying those tickets!
Roommate doesn't pay? Good luck with that tuition!
Annoy me for my whole life? Here's what you get...
The Smell of Revenge
Give me an anxiety attack? Ok.
Shoot me with a nail gun? You can say I didn't warn you!
Taking my colleague out to a ball game
I'll Eat Your Meat
No, I'm not an asian stereotype.
Trying to squeeze in front of me in order to exit the tram first? Have a backpack to the face!
Kicked a dirtbag in the NUTS and he got blamed for something I did.
Its quiet hours.
The piss frisbee. Enjoy your wet socks!
Your kids mess up my store? I'll have my revenge...
my candy b***h!
If you won't give me a tree, I'll take one myself
Self checkout at Kroger
All you had to do was restart the router...
Mall Parking Lot
Be a bad dog? Suffer through my farts.
Next time, put your cup away.
evil neibour has to pay
No one likes a snake ;)
Okay, you can play in offline mode then
Block our cellphones? Deal with the consequences
My grandfather closed his accounting business earlier last year - as we were cleaning out his office, we found this letter from a sweet old lady.(x-post from r/funny)
Girl assumes and makes an ass of herself
This is my Christmas card to my dead beat baby daddy.texted him about 60 times today saying "pay your child support". He owes me over $25000. Doesn't see his kid, and won't let my husband adopt her. P.s. he's on the sex offender registry. Merry Christmas fucker!
Honking doesnt win you a good parking spot.
"Where's my jacket?"
You dare sexually starve me?!
Revenge for cake.
Don't put that so close to my face.
I used to write prettily, but now I write pettily.
The Stashews Accusation
Asshole driver cuts me off trying to get to McDonalds, ends up not 'loving it'
Simple Driving Petty Revenge
Ruin my life? I'll expose your secret one.
Want to get somewhere faster by cutting line? Enjoy sitting in deadspot on road.
Guy steals lunch pays the price
Double the Wait Time
The Pettiest Barista Revenge
Rude anonymous note
High school days
My asshole friend
Revenge on a Coworker
Petty Revenge - Dad Style
Always remember to call
Hostel Revenge - Alarm under floor boards
Co-Worker Steal's my lunch... I made her poop herself.
Waking my neighbor up at 2:30am
Thus
Don’t be racist around me
Douche and a Turd (slightly gross)
Any of you have Road Rage?
Roommate makes my room unlivable? Enjoy being unable to get in!
Petty revenge on Blue Bubble Taxi in New Zealand
Sometimes the it’s the little things.
Coworker sent me a long winded email complaining about nonsense so I really dug in.
EM gets owned by her own brat
Revenge from the newsroom.
I hope the two seconds saved while overtaking me on a residential street were worth it.
Just keep poking it
Here's what the damn flag looks like, idiot.
You steal my charge. I’ll steal yours.
We wait, we watch, we conquer.
Bullying The Bully
Ask me to do something, and then undo it after? Fine. Have fun redoing it over and over.
Revenge on Timewasting boss
I ruined a ruiner of results, accidental but karmic!
You're kicking me out of class because of your incompetence? Say goodbye to your computer network.
New boss takes over my store and fires me then has the audacity of asking for my help
The Groper and The Gun (names have been changed)
Act like a dick over Craigslist for sale item? Now you're giving a way a really nice couch, for free.
Would you like any sauce with that?
Think you're too busy to take out the trash?
I have to sleep on the couch? Let me play some music for you
Don't come to bed with me? Fine.
Push me the whole way through country roads? Not gonna get you far
Can't be bothered to read the tabs? You will be exposed!
Throw your money at me, you throw your money away
Make me wait for my refund? I'll make you wait to close off the case...
Sub teacher from hell
Fake friend uses me and blocks me, gets his account deactivated
Cheater + glitter = satisfaction.
What's worse than a prank call? A hundred real calls
My friend's sister ruins a dudes social life for hitting her car
Riffraff Revenge
I hope she's suffered
I got my grandma good for snitchin me out to my mom
Talk shit on me, no seat for you.
You Ruined My Bounty Mission? Okay, I’ll Ruin Your Train Party
No Touching
I zip-tied a locker
All the other dryers are empty...
Oh, you want your deli meat NOW??
Hijack My Long Distance Phone Service? Good Luck With That.
Loud and noisy dormmates pt2 and really gross ones as well
Psychological Revenge on Noisy Flatmate
Screwed over a college kid for being a pervert
Tell my secrets, will you?
Honking at me when I'm in a bad mood wasn't a good idea man
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Don't mess with the glue guy
Teacher i found the pencil thief so you can have your pencils back
Like being rude? Keep signing
Last day as a waitress
Gross roommate gets taste of her own medicine
Poaching on our land? Enjoy your shattered collarbone.
Write teacher's profile in the 1st person showing off all the bad things he did.
laundry reVeNgEeEeeE
The Saint , The Asshole Manager and Me and Revenge Served On A Dirty Dish.
Close early? Feel my petty revenge.
That one time a kid stabbed my palm with a pencil, because some idiots fat-shamed him.
little but good
Getting out of a bad roommate situation
High school teacher versus my sister
Shopping Cart Traffic Jam
Stealin my Ginger &gt;:(
Ghetoo Hood neighbor kids harassing my girlfriend whenever they're playing basketball.Now they have no basketball hoop.
You Assault Me? The devil has took revenge!
Ex girlfriend gets a reality check
When a post has a lot of upvotes...
Ok Mr BMW SUV, the closer to my bumper at the red light to slower I go.
They have all, I don't want anything
So you wanna go slow? How about a total stop?
Glue and a Song
Just a Stare
Thought I wouldn't make it on time, did you?
Be rude? How about a door slammed in your face
Make a shitty joke about my people? Fuck your karma.
Got Milk?
You want me to list the troubleshooting steps? You won’t pretty soon!
Don't want to swim with brown people? Then come for a long and pointless walk
Double parked jerk
petty new year’s revenge
BLESS YOU! 😲 Have a tissue (for your hidden dog?).
You're going to have sex on my sofa, hold my beer I'm getting a machete
Have fun looking for your laundry
The old people's privilege
What is your single biggest 'FU'? At work or home.
Eat My Leftovers? Have a snack.
You want frame me? Well you better be prepared to be scammed
Pick on me all the time? Have fun with a lifetime phobia.
How I made a weirdo stop stuffing garbage into my mail slot (video included)
My oldest siblings bullied me as a kid, now i get to enjoy their misery!
Want to be an ass to everyone and the kids you’re working with? Enjoy being a laughing stock
Rude manager gets demoted and business shut down
Lady won't stop sending texts to me as a wrong number, now enjoys text bots.
Redditor calls me out for not being a fan of A Song of Ice and Fire, but refers to the series as "A Song of Fire and Ice"
Slap me in the face, end up with a concussion
McRevenge
Don't Snipe Parking Spots.
Fast food chef didnt care
Well, he can say goodbye to his PS4...
Locked Out!
Refuse to move your feet when I'm trying to get out? I'll make you as uncomfortable as possible.
Are you sure that's not your's?
How do I petty revenge this lady!?!?
Dealing with ungratefulness.
It's just not hard to NOT to hit a parked car in an empty parking lot.
Classic story of petty revenge
“You better start paying your child support!”
Accuse me of stealing your adapter? Fine. Have my broken one.
Unintentional Revenge on my Moms Friend (entitled mother and child)
Using my socks to my advantage
Spam 4 Spam
Bought a new bed and w/in a year it was sagging. It was still under warranty so I called the company and the woman told me that the bed didn't sag enough to meet the requirements for replacement.
Try to falsely accuse me of Shooting a BB gun at you? How about I shoot you for real?
Craft herpes
Crazy luck got me some awesome revenge.
Petty Gate Revenge
How Gabriel Iglesias gets revenge at the drive-thru
Mother posted a video of me, won't remove it
“Black people pass on UGLY GENES!” (short)
Best served chilled
Lie about not receiving your package? Here have another!!
Roast me because of my shoes? Enjoy being hated for the rest of the year.
Karma Strikes Back
Cut me in line?
Annoying neighbor calls cops about my parking, then gets a ticket
Bad driver flips off old lady
Throw away Chicken nuggets I ask for you no longer exist when I have a slushie.
If talking to you is going to be difficult, then so will talking to me
Picked up a dickhead, his loss.
Ex fiancé cheats on me with my boss so I dump her at our wedding
My stepsister was a brat so I made something cool and didn't show her how
Patient learns Karma is a B**ch
Keep changing your mind? Well I guess I will too.
Rude to me? NO WORK FOR YOU
A Song of Spoilers and Revenge
High Beams Ass v. Me
Picard and Riker, leading the future with petty revenge
Don't know if this counts, but I thought it was funny
A friendly wave to brigthen your day..
Take my spot even though I blocked it? RIP @ your tires
I hated barbies but my brothers hated them more.
You don't want to drive the speed limit? Fine, neither will I
Perfect Parking
The petties little revenge of all..
If there is a reason that I will be going to hell, this parking lot revenge will be why.
You saw me pulling out…
Taxi driving like a jerk with an old lady in the back
Gummy Bears
the driveway in front of your house isn’t yours, apparently 🤷🏻‍♂️
Do not disturb? Enjoy your 8 am wake up!
Lying about my Friends, have fun explaining it to yours!
Don't pretend you're going to drive through my car unless you're prepared to do it.
special delivery to the ex
Act like a spoiled child and I'll treat you like one.
We grew up, but I'll NEVER FORGET.
The universe took revenge on me
Harmless!
He’d tell you if he saw anything.... heh
If you want to act like that, I’ll make sure you’re seen like that.
Asshole Driver
Never let me win? I'll destroy your pride!
"Read Receipts"
You're too lazy to sit on your ass for 10 minutes? That was the wrong thing to tell me this early in our shift.
Driving unnecessarily slow? So be it...
Suffer not the lazy.
My girlfriend ran off with her ex
OMG none of you are pregnant!
Woman scams Families off their cakes!
Going to use my coffee? I'll give it the ol switcheroo.
I didn't do anything for this to happen, but it is pretty sweet revenge
Revenge on d*ck locker mate in middle school
My friend works as a parking attendant
Annoying parent yells at me during a softball game, I listen to her. Almost too accurately.
A Tale About Some Poop
People below me got me evicted for minor noise without ever bother to talk to me first. I wrote them this note, and left an "annoy-a-tron" sound device outside of their bedroom window.
Enjoy your decaf non-fat white chocolate mocha, bitch
Keep me awake when I desperately need sleep? Two can play at that game.
No, actually replying all is annoying
Your dog bit me? Shovel your own driveway!
This guy I know on facebook has been messing with my statuses lately, keep in mind that he is a hardcore Democrat and despises Romney.
Piggyback my train fare, I'll ruin your ice cream!
So you Spoiled Star Wars...
Boarding House Shenanigans - A love story
These are my chairs.
Revenge with smile
Disrupt everyone else on the ferry? Oh sure.
Got you, cat
Try to steal my game?!? I blow up a soda and take it back
My boss needed me more than I needed her.
Chemistry teacher hates crutches.
Help me finalize my revenge, might just be worth your while :)
Oh the speed limit isn't fast enough for you? Bet you'll love 10 mph!
You’re rude? Extra subscriptions for you!
Wanna leave a frying pan full of marinara sauce in the work fridge and play games when I am nice enough to leave a note instead of throwing your shit in the trash like I should have?
Don't tip me? Don't get laid.
Brother tattles he loses his blankets
My Stepfather is a Jerk!
"Make me coffee, now."
Wake the house up with loud shower sex? I'm gonna get some housework done!
Enjoy your porn!
Petty revenge for my landlord
Considering you like your music so loud, why don't you enjoy my vocals.
You're rude? How about you lose some money.
Printer Revenge
Black Friday With My Father
Customer's own teenagers enforce the petty revenge
Jerk customer shocks himself
Just because she's a girl it doesn't mean she's worse than you. It's quite the opposite.
I'm no idiot.
Most harmlessly petty thing I've ever done. Guess mispelling my name bothered me more than I thought
If you want to drive a bigass truck, learn to park adequately
Revenge on my lazy brother
Delicious drive thru revenge
Just someone parking in my Commander's spot at work.
i steal my mums favorite tea cup
If I can't have it, you can't have it.
My teenage daughter has been a bit of a jerk lately so I deliberately bought two boxes of sugary breakfast cereal and no milk.
Hey guys...
Keep calm on the road
Petty revenge at a four way traffic stop with assist. You try and tell me there is no better petty revenge.
The things that happen when you ask for help sometimes.
Go ahead, splash on me.
Ceossover?!
I peed on my brother's head.
Husky Revenge
Crazy guy steals my garbage bin, and a crazy situation occurs after. Cops, tobacco, cleaning, ATMs, you name it.
get harassed while purchasing train ticket, harasser misses train
Having to deal with a racist? just agree to everything he/she says and look at the face he/she makes, it's priceless.
You want to be the worst neighbor ever? Let's see you sweat a little.
You decide to forget about the group project we have? Well the teacher forgot to add your grades in!
Park in the middle of the only tiny bike lane and I'll spook the crap out of you.
When HR try hard to find dirt, but you have the last laugh.
Hit on my coworkers? You're not getting the job.
Petty revenge on a coworker who made me work 9 hours without a break
I have to strip desk for PCI compliance? Enjoy the corporate audit.
Dont take my switch
Make me wait? I have a surprise for you when we walk!
Eat your words
I'm keeping the car
Don't fuck with your grocer.
You wanna stroke your ego by running up the score? Enjoy winning by 1 point.
A bully customer makes waitress cry. Proceeds to make Giant restaurant manager angry
Make my employee cry, get kicked out of the store.
I didnt kbow where to put this, but this sounds petty enough that i thought here is a good start
Green is the color of... pure annoyance?
Shitty person.
Mother in law and baby names
Cheat on a zookeeper and insult her behind her back? Enjoy a VERY stinky breakup.
Come in right before we close, and take forever to order? Enjoy your food
Don't imply I'm stupid
Skip out on rent, enjoy lifting wet boxes.
Girl spreads a rumor about my friend and I. Gets in school suspension!
Working in retail sucks but there are little things you can do to make it better
Sabotage my Inspection? Collect your write up.
My story isn't pro enough.
High school user ex wants me get rid of his old youtube page. I wrote a blog post insted.
BMW driver gets what he deserves
You Forgot Something
Ex-boss tried to screw me out of unemployment
I want to out a person I know lives a double life
Getting my money back 10-20cents at a time!
I hate your bright lights
Want to share your smells with me? I'll make sure everyone smells you.
Cray cray lady
A very merry St. Paddy's Day revenge
I make fun of your mom - you set me on fire. Touché. (X-Post /r/ProRevenge)
My boyfriend acted like a jerk so I used it against him
Idiot friend tries to punch me in the dick, gets called diarrhea for rest the day.
So someone wanted to buy my Minecraft account.
Technically Technical
Don't drive like a jerk
You honk because I was nice, oh, I can be real nice!
Flying Glass Revenge Part 2
"Rub my son's face in his vomit? Well good luck finding another job!"
Petty Online Revenge
A little 🖕 to my old school
Cop gets an earful
Curse at me behind my back? You lose your scholarship
The worst trip EVER..
Someone hacked a website as petty revenge.
Kid bitch slaps teacher
Steal my shit, I'll steal yours
My Toxic Friend Got Exposed And Said Nothing Afterwards
You deserved worse than my One Finger Salute, but I did what I could.
No key for you.
She stole my “winter candy apple” so I took her “frosted coconut snowman”
Abuse the staff but can’t work a computer? Why yes I’ll delete your porn!
Don't insult the person who handles your food!
Going to be an aggressive dick? Eat my spunk!
I think I got ripped off.
Every time I see stickers for his band, I rip them off.
Good luck, moving truck
I kept two large, intact grapes in my mouth for over 6 hours to piss off my wife.
My most savage one-liner comeback. May have overdone it. (Reposted since it was removed.)
Got 'em Both
New use for waterproof lipstick!
Take that
Get your bike stolen, then
Didn’t “Pay it Forward” to Karen
This is a short but sweet act of revenge for a rude email for being a furry
a lady shut her door on me while I was mid sentence 3 weeks ago. Just got my petty revenge!
I get petty revenge with my annoying high pitched voice
Two can play at your silly game, little brother.
are Canadians particularly petty about our revenge?
Keep leaving voicemails for someone else? I'll make my voicemail message really annoying.
Grandma’s petty revenge on my mother
Is my planned revenge any good? or should I not do it.
Freshmen Can't Slack
Don't Bitch At Me Until You Have Reason To
Steal my girl? Walk, mother fucker.
Florida Man
California Gurls
Ignoring me means you have to find a new editor.
Getting revenge on someone using my phone number
You will pay for your laziness!
Cover your coughs
Messing with douchebag tourists
You want to have sex? OK, buts it’s going to be bad.
Mean Girl Grade School Classmate Revenge - Mormon Edition
A Tale of Tailgating
Tiny Laundry Day Revenge
You want my WHAT!? I'll sooner see it destroyed.
Pens &amp; Labels!
Pretend you can't see me? Then we've got a problem.
Scream at your kid in front of everyone? Enjoy your cold food.
Stop pissing all over the toilet seat
The pettiest of revenge (pic link in description)
i accidentily dented someones car
I made a catcaller feel guilty and probably stopped him from catcalling ever again
Man berates elder for being too slow so I went EXTRA slow
ideas for guy that stole our Facebook group name
Charge me extra over YOUR mistake? Dw ill make my money back from your misery.
In a hurry? Scream at me to move? OK.
She isn't letting me sleep.
Screaming insults at a young mother? Have fun getting your bag back
Have the nerve to tailgate me, do you?
Silence is Golden.
When an Uber driver refuses to return your stuff
It's your birthday, huh?
Funniest stories?
Desk Receptionist Revenge.
Dude on Xbox harassing people and accusing me for being a pedophile..
How I rick rolled my boyfriend. Now he's scarred for life.
I have a good friend that recently found out that her husband was having a two year affair with another woman. How do we r/pettyrevenge in the best way to her soon to be ex husband and the adulteress?
Always talk the bullies language
Cheat on me with a coworker, get an email sent to corporate.
A tale from the drive thru
Valentine's day bacon revenge
Ditch me on a ride home. Enjoy endgame then
Get your own freaking contact solution!
Girl I like invites me on houseboat trip. Goes well until a guy tries to cut in. I pettily get his mom to talk dirty in front of him.
Fiancé loves socks so I throw them away.
She called me the wrong name, I ruin her
Unmedicated Pie Revenge
My favorite petty revenge.
I’m redundant yet you “need me”, please enjoy waiting until the last minute for everything.
Idiot roommate loses kitchen privileges, Part 2: Dinosaurs. Dinosaurs everywhere.
Leftover theif!
Try to scam me out of my credit car number? Enjoy the fake credit card.
Cause drama and try to ruin my reputation on Facebook? Now everyone knows your secret.
Endanger my life and yours? Sure, go ahead.
Be impolite in traffic? Suffer my over-politeness in turn.
Waste my time and lie to me? I’ll get what I want and I don’t mind waiting.
Take my food? Enjoy drinking messed up Lucozade!
Blame Me For What I Didn't Do? Here's Lice.
The idiot and the handicapped parking spot
Cat Poop v petty human
Pitiful stupid bitch
Ex gaslighted and cheated cheated, gets what she deserves - nothing
Guess I'll forget to unlock your door
Road Rage Doesn't Get You Anywhere Fast
Masterfull b#tch
Don't park in the middle and I won't
Like stealing food? Here, have this.
Bathroom etiquette part 2
Try to scam me? I will spam you.
A drive-thru customer was rude to my coworker
Ghost our team? That's cool.
Don`t be a jerk to me or you will be severely annoyed!
Sucker Punch
Dude bothers me for nudes, I find his parents Facebook
Don't park your car on the sidewalk
Walnuts for everyone!
Take my pencil case? Have fun bleeding from your hand!
Highway teamwork
If it's so easy to work for 3, how about you do it
You take advantage of my disabilities so I'm going to steal your stuff that you haven't used in years.
I'm going to infect myself with chlamydia, fuck my ex boyfriend who cheated on me, &amp; then get myself treated.
Girl in drive-thru gets rude with me.
Are you looking for something?
Pay to store a broken sofa? No thanks, how about you have my notice?
Give me a bad grade will you? Take my icy stare of doom!
Uber driver wastes her time with me so I waste her time too and doesn't get the $5 cancellation fee from me.
Almost rear-end me because you're too busy applying mascara? Okay!
Stop responding to requests? Can’t ignore me now!
I got the school bullies expelled
retailer pushed me aside, i made him wait
Wanna stink bomb our Warehouse bathroom. I'll go Jim Halpert prank mode on you!
Pee on the toilet seat? Enjoy drying yourself with your own pee.
Ferry Revenge
Some old coot has a nerve to steal my parking spot? Let me help you get a new paint job.
Bragging about your enormous muscles, good luck opening the jar !
Don't do your job? Enjoy my petty revenge!
Take my spot in the movie theater? I think not
Alzheimer's and Breakfast
My landlord wouldn’t treat the big infestation.
Revenge against my shitty roommate who's friend tried to rape me.
Put your phone down next time if you want to keep it in one piece.
Shared laundry facilities are the worst.
Recycling revenge
Don’t keep bumping into people while drunk at the bar!
"Learn to park jackass!"
Enjoy your broken Snickers bar!
You're just gonna sit and watch a disabled guy struggle eh?!
Make fun of me for my favorite color? Well...
I reported a guy for selling coke on a cruise after he used me to buy drinks for another girl
Passive aggressive locker room behavior
Enjoy the glitter.
Double park in a packed hospital parking lot? I don't think so.
You bullied me, GET THAT BULLY
You wasted an hour of my time, Kev. Hope you enjoy all those late night calls.
Oh, you need a place to crash? Too bad.
So some HOA Asswipe pulls up on me as I'm getting out of my truck...
Cut in the Bus Line? Not on My Watch!
Nasty Treasure for a Porch Pirate
I Made A Pothead Cry
Toothbrush smells like ass
Fly across the country to find out you are cheating? Enjoy the next 5 months
Hot Gravy
My BF cheated and was hella abusive, so... I destroyed his chances with another girl!
Need ideas to get revenge on roommates
Tomatoes and mayo
You don't deserve Bluetooth audio
Rude lady was adamant about keeping her aisle seat. Hoped she enjoyed a 14 hour flight with two bratty kids.
Revenge is a dish best served buttered.
Bullied, so I traded his gameboy cartridge
Guy used me to get back at his sisters in an extremely petty and explicit way
went paint balling with my bully
I farted on a random ladies kid today...
Minute Rice
Standing up to a classroom bully!
Video store is late paying us? That will cost you some late fees.
Petty Workplace Revenge Part 2
I must commit slow.
xvideo.1 - Pornhub.com
It's been tempting
Posting NudePhotos of Ex on Her FB.. Under HER account.. What will consequences be? And how can I get away with it?
When I hear the term passive – aggressive, I always think of my wife.
Cheating on your girlfriend? Not on my watch.
I stood up for myself to my teacher when I was +-12 years old and won.
to I left my cheating ex on top of a mountain
Mr Guidance Counselor, you gave me really bad advice and I'm not going to let you forget
Teenager plays online roleplay game as a bartender then plots to poison everyone in the videogame
Undermine My Parenting, pay more to fuel your car!Someone put a note on my car, commenting on my parking skill, so I got their car ticketed twice.
Petty revenge, as only a British person can do
Victory smells like Axe body spray and vomit.
fat parent eats all the food in the buffet and karma gets her
Basically ruined a assholes 2 term project
Leave me a seven percent tip? Have fun finding your credit card.
Revenge on a fifth grader
Girl i did a favour for is being horrible to me.
Cereal revenge
The Elevator to Success is Broken. Take the Stairs.
Hog up all the internet I pay for? Have fun with even slower speeds.
The Mystery Toothpick Threshold - petty revenge unrealized?
Splash me with my drink? Turnabout is fair play.
First girlfriend dated me for less than an hour finally found out why.
Yes actually...I DO mind.
Love Thy Neighbor
Blow off my request for data? Prepare to be flustered.
Our fault that you lost your glasses? Have fun finding them (language warning)
I'm spending this weekend with my college crush while she....well.
Shamed Two witches with a French Children's song
Steal my parking spot? Enjoy a soaked shopping cart!
Double bathroom revenge on my step-dad. Mmm baby smooth &lt;3
Jerk Upstairs Housemate
Petty revenge.. On my dad haha...
Don't be rude to me; I'll make the rest of your in-game life miserable.
Change plans at the last second to inconvenience me? Enjoy waiting hours outside in Texas heat!
Actually, I earn 15X more than you and have a MUCH better job
Scammer calls after being told to stop calling, I mess with him.
My ex cheated on me, then blocked me and left me for him. I sent her this...
Revenge ideas for online jerk?
The double-cuck shuffle
Be a nightmare for 18 years? I will slowly sell all your shoes while you are in jail.
Forcing your housemate to answer the door for your delivery food? Unacceptable.
I'm annoyed at my roommate over a stupid comment
Revenge suggestions needed
(Harmless) Spiked Muffins for our Principal
Self-aggrandized manager gets mocked
Bully me get life ruined
Punish me for missing class due to a funeral? You gone learn tonight.
So... You like to burn bridges huh?  How about I help you out,  there...
Zoom meeting
Evil doctor and her sick chaperone
I'm not anyone's personal servant.
The pettiest revenge extracted slowwwwly.
I warned him you'll be sorry if you screw me over again.
SAFETY PET CAR SEAT!
Petty Revenge on an EBAY scammer
Now will you take your garbage out to the dumpster, DAWGS?
Steal my Drink? Enjoy The Diarrhea
Meghan is the level of American pettiness I aspire to....I bow down!!
Parking rage and door dings
“Why aren’t you listening to me?! Are you deaf?!” Yes, yes I am.
Couldn't set an alarm for this...
Enjoy your 1,000 pennies for payment.
Don't mess with people who have keys to your house...
Don't let me use ear buds? Listen to Japanese all day.
Gassing the Coworkers
Harass me and some other people? Watch the revenge unfold
My dad waisted hours of my time without pay so I fought bavk
Tac for tac in business
Freshman Theft Payback
He's egotistical with absolutely no reason to be, so I'm showing him up.
Demand to check in 4-6 hours early for free? Have fun finding a new place to stay.
2nd massive party in three months, police called, time to get petty
A girl turned my best friend against me for being forced to move seats
Why don't people use turn signals?
Enjoy your overpriced and squashed fruit!
Used social media to get my car back
Brownie Pants
Personal space = pretty dumb
This is NEXT LEVEL PETTY!!Home Depot rain cover parker...
McDonald's manager sez no to baby bottle, everyone gets a free peep show instead
Bus driver drove off even after he’d seen me
The pencil revenge pt.4
Gym Parking Lot Petty Revenge
Disobey the rule of the mountain? Enjoy your terrible pictures!
Sorry Auntie, Cards Declined
“I only married her for the greencard...”Yell at me for missing crumbs on the carpet? I'll make you vacuum the carpet endlessly.
Have a shitty envelope
Deny me access? I'll just go over your head.
I don’t care if you have no electricity for the weekend, SIR.
Be lazy? You’ll regret it
My boss who no one liked
Say I can't have my burrito? Ok.
Forget you're in a hotel? Hope you wanted a wake up call.
Petty revenge on an asshole tailgating me
Hh
8 Years later unexpected revenge on my ex.
Nearly run me over? Go slow for the next 5 blocks.
Let's play the pronoun game, liar
A story of a pissed off ex, a Mustang and horrible timing
"Client" wants additional payment, gets it from me, but not as expected
Nani’s revenge on uninvited dinner guests
I had enough
Pettiness on the road
People trash my desk, I trash theirs back, but worse.
Woman had more than couple affairs but to Men it is just fine?
Be A Dick in My group not on my watch.
Like to start drama in the neighborhood and dump, enjoy your elephant shit :)
Ex roommate was a dick, messed with his router.
Alliance leader kicks me out unfairly, get back at her by destroying the alliance
The time I got my manager promoted, so he quit.
Colleague keeps stealing my cereal, so I got salty.
Steal my story, I’ll steal your money?
"If you're not looking at the exhibit, please go away!"
Kid who annoyed the quiet kid roasted in front of all of his friends
Take my laundry out of the dryer three times while it’s wet? I hope you didn’t like your clothes!
Don't mess w me and my dad or I'll fuck ur future up
Make my life miserable at work... I marry the boss and have you fired!
Chocolate blazer for you!
Outhouse Bears Revenge
Take your paleo and shove it!
Roommates cat poop in my cats box........yeah no
My rubbish bothers you?
Firm undamaged fruits only? Squished fruits it is.
You Destroy my Minecraft house, I destroy you
Full serve is for buying gas
My bus is due,can i cut in.....
Hint: Turn off your music
Petty revenge advice/ ideas?
Most of my class failed history on purpose
Man tried to steal my website, so I exposed him
Classmate deletes Discord channels, so I delete him
The security company that patrols my neighborhood thought it would be funny to tow my car...
You want to be an untrustworthy snake, I'll show you snakes
Thought it was cool to be a racist little punk? Think again!
If you're going to cheat, make sure you have nothing to lose.
Cafeteria person at my workplace
oh, in a hurry? well hurry up and wait...
The petty revenge was unjustified.
OP Epicly Rekt's Random Lady
Broken Eggs.
Milk. It does NOT do a car good...
Mom makes me to go somewhere without letting me know, so get myself banned from there
A dozen feeder fish.
Mixing Up Mr. Excitable
Sweet cutoff justice
Take your balloon kicking somewhere else.
You're dumping me? Have fun with your useless vibrator then.
The Schoolbus Essay
my 1st and probly only revenge story
A helpful lady misspelled my name in an email...
Block me then I'll block you right back.
I turned my Asshole Roommate gay.
The Flower War
Announced my girlfriend's pregnancy on my narcissistic sister's wedding
You can't have your business here, the other guy was evil.. Oh I was was I !
Drunk douche smash my car, try to beat me and got owned
Moving On
Brother stole my car
You refuse to compromise? Fine, I'll make it harder on both of us.
Constantly take my food? Fine. Good luck with the drug testing.My coworkers are constantly tattling on each other to my boss, and today, they tried to drag me into it.
Some schadenfreude
Mess with the best and your shoes will get wet.
Every dog has his day...
It's just not a good idea to piss off people around you at concerts.
Spring Cleaning
Rude teacher calls me a liar.
Don‘t mess with my milk or suffer the consequences
Hey, it's Latrell Again, working the Christmas Recital again.
Let's play hide and seek.
Customer yelled at me, so I gave her exactly what she wanted.
My neighbor just leaf blew dust all over my car
Jerk Neighbor was blasting the radio at full volume right under my window so every time a commercial came on I made really loud comments about what great deals they were.
She yelled for no reason, so she gets my farts.
I introduced my ex to Nutella
Witnessed a most awesome petty revenge over Christmas
Ruin my day? I'll ruin your night
Want to exploit me for months ? I'll make you ruin your workstation
Being a dick to a model student? I hope you choke on that penny.
Be rude to new neighbors? Then those new neighbors probably won’t worry about your comfort.
His odds of winning the raffle are very low.
So you're gonna act like a bitch at my wedding?
Outlook Rules
You left your car in the middle of the parking lot all week, so now you have to dig it out of the snow in the middle of a cold Saturday night.
Speed the wrong way through the exit to beat me to the last spot, good luck getting home.
Narc mom gets let down
Interrupt my high-school field trip to be gross, enjoy being getting put on the teachers shit list.
NEW husband cheated, with his ex girlfriend when I went to ANOTHER COUNTRY to find us a NEW home. I PROCEEDED TO GO OUT WITH his ex best friend. Fc him :)
My ex-Best friend told me I was a horrible friend. It cost her a wedding photographer.
Racist dick gets inconvenienced...
Make my day consistently a little worse? I hope you enjoy 200 emails per week during end of term exams.
Stuck-up loser gets bouts of Petty Revenge
tailgated into the toll
Person opens their door at 60mph, dumps plastic out, I pass them, drive 20mph.
Neighbors who just don't care
Brats
No Drinks For YouRoommate may have stolen my beloved sweater? Petty ole me is letting him pay for his own transit this month.
Left a thoughtful comment on ex's picture to show him how happy/gorgeous I am
Caretaker thinks he's too mighty that he got what he deserved
My cousin spray paints a bitch’s car windows
Petty consequences for parking in the fire lane
Move in please, or I'll eat your hair
Try and bully me because I'm an easy target? Enjoy being shamed in our group chat.
Use my computer to like your own video?
How I quit my job today, explained in Tom Hiddleston gifs.
Fellow student expects us to do her work in a group project, I let her fail and have to retake the class
Cake day and petty revenge.
Justice served with a side of karma.
Got Honked at for Stopping at a Stop Sign
I believe you moved my stapler?
My parting gift to the most annoying armored truck partner ever.
My selfish thief of a sister helps me get revenge on her
Assholes get checked in to room 512 where the dead guy was found after four days.
Fun with the Company truck
Complain while you do nothing?
Let me out before you get in.
Creepy old coworker kept asking me about boyfriends and kids, so I asked him about something else
Justice on my highschool bully
Sociopath neighbor needs to suffer. Revenge ideas?
Administrative Parking
My landlord was kind of a bitch, so I pay her rent at the latest possible time.
My identity thief is now getting 30+ spam emails per minute
Making my "friend" feel just as crappy as i did
Revenge on a high school teacher
Call me fat? Okay then...
Sexual Abusers go unpunished? Curse them.
Brothers and shit don't mix
Coffee Revenge
The Never Ending Game of Annoyance
A thank you is always appreciated
Cut the line in front of my uncle? Than get your kid hit by a stroller. (It wasn’t that hard but this story is SATISFYING to me at least)
Call me a moocher? I change the Wi-Fi password.
County fair petty revenges
The Hurricane Seat
A TTC city bus driver hit my foot with the door and then tried to get the whole bus against me, it backfired, on him.
Bad roommate accidental revenge
My moms bike got stolen, sh3 git it back in a very anticlimatic way
They want my answers; Too bad ladies
soap thief
Guy makes fun of me, then i do it back... But worse.
Revenge on my homophobic boss
Change the radio station? Okay.
Don't come in for your shift? Cool, be prepared to stay late tomorrow.Working is ex cons is always guaranteed to be entertaining
Betray me? I’ll turn down your proposal and make you say sayonara to your Discord server.
To be honest this is almost to petty and small to post here
/r/tf2 has very specific rules
Aunt forces me to be friends with her daughter who’s trying to make my life hell, so I decide to take matters in my own hands &gt;:).
I hope you feel stupid, Asshole.
Skipping traffic? Have more traffic!
You shouldn't have stole from me.
Whatever You Want, Lads!
Cut me off? Enjoy the next 30 miles stuck behind an 18-wheeler
Suitemates never do their share...
Warning: failure to make up my hotel room will result in pettiness.
Fire me on my birthday will you!
Revenge on neighbors!!!
Steal my fries? Well I don't mind...
Don't short your local delivery drivers...
Message to all /r/pettyrevenge subscribers. Not a story. Sorry.
Got bullied as a kid, had my small victory.
The price is not right! Okaaay
PettyRevenge, how can I get back at this douche bag who smokes in the only elevator of our apartment building?
I dealt with a rude customer today.
Can't drive into your nice gated community? Have fun waiting!
You took my clothes out of the washer?
#1)LEGALIZAR EL NARCOTRAFICO EN TODA LA TIERRA ES LA MEJOR Y UNICA SOLUC...
The time I made my high school bully cry
Yell at me for something I didn't do? Hope you have some finger dexterity!
How I terrorized my asshole downstairs neighbor.
Man's year-long quest to pay back the troll who spoiled Infinity War for him comes to beautiful fruition
Regularly leave food scraps and garbage out on the front porch? Here, take this rat. *NSFW for animal activists*
Steal my golf disc and lie to my face about it? We’ll see about that...
State baseball game on the line? Bet you regret being a prick earlier.
Fake a call to the cops on me? I squeak my floor at you
Person hacks my Spotify account, so I switch the song to an embarrasing song
Not happy with my cleaning? No crockery for you!
The Truth is Revealed on Halloween
Heavy Baggage: Petty Part-timer
Revenge porn
Rude old biddy rendered speachless
Semi-Speed
Help with some revenge.
Don't be an asshole car salesperson and decide your customer is wasting your time the moment you see them.
You live your puzzles, I love my revenge.
Control your damn dog
Don't mess with me on a homework night.
How I got back on my teacher for calling me a lair.
Kid steals my things so I steal an important test grade from him
Now my Cloths smell like piss
Annoying Neighbor
A short story on a crappy coworker
Didn’t teach what you should get in trouble for it
Steal from me? It will come back to haunt you.Mating Calls
Mess with my car, I'll mess with yours revenge
The Deleted Text
Just what he deserved
Penny beer night and you decide my watch is 15 minutes fast? Have 50 pennies as a tip
Haven't Paid Rent in Three Months to Racist Landlord
Enjoy your quiet fishing spot
Be a bitch? Let me sleep on that
Cart Corrals Exist for a Reason
Dismiss my paranoia? Let me share it with you, then
Share the Sushi
The most terrible thing I've ever done
Strangely Angry Train Man
She told my friend I hacked her instagram
Getting back at the control freak RA
Cut off my girlfriend, eh? Good luck with your shopping.Next time choose a better place for confrontation
Text/call this girl shes 16 and single
You want to emotionally scar me? I'll ruin your career in coaching
Neverending shopping bags.
Dirty the laundry room and you'll lose a buck
A story of a Smelly, Lazy, Lying Worker
This is why you don't leave a computer with important documents unlocked and unattended.
Good samaritan wants to sell a lost phone back to owner
The Evil step family
Change as a weapon
There can be only one!
Table all to myself
I hope im doing this right.
Store requires me to purchase Carpet cleaning solution with rental. I got the last laugh.
Shaaaame! Shaaaaaaaaaame!
I make good on a promise
Note that was left on Hotel Room door....
Don't drive like a jerk when your truck has a phone number on it....
What are the odds?
(Warning, humble brag) My classmate
Embarress me? I'll drive you crazy at work.
A had sex with the father of my high school bully.
Entitled Dude thinks he can boss me around during a group project, despite him not doing any serious work. He's cast out of it and replaced.
Junk Fax Revenge ☺️
So earlier this year a small beef broke out with one of my neighbours. Started with an overly powerful patio light, led to cursing and raised voices. He grows marijuana, legal in Canada. Well its crop season and I grew male plants that cross-pollinated and made his weed garbage.
Revenge on cold roommates?
Cut the line, no morning coffee for you.
EM tries to snatch my phone i snatched her phone she got mad
Too stupid to read a traffic sign? You get what you deserve.
See if it sticks now bitch.
Ebay/Paypal Scammer (Edited)
Horrible Housemates
Piss me off? Good luck getting into the apartment!
Almost push me onto the tracks? Be 15 minutes late
Dont accept my unborn baby is a boy? Have fun not being his godparent.
Karma sucks
Park your car on my spot? I will do so too!
Steal my parking spot? Prepare for revenge...
Revenge on this piece of shit
Turn the thermostat to full and leave your windows open? Enjoy being locked out of your office all day.
Why are you yelling at me?
The Queen of petty revenge takes on her local radio station
Parking Revenge
Don't be a douche and your ice cream won't be sad
Bear thrashed my garbage, neighbor called the cops before I woke up and noticed... just a little grumpy.
Petty whiteboard revenge
Blow past me every weekend? Have fun walking up the hill.
Just outing the asshole who almost t-boned me and got away with it.
Thank you for your donation
Reveal sexual problems, lose your free rent
Silence me for four years? I’ll ruin your entire reputation in ten minutes.
I'm just a regular student
Be an arrogant fan and thief? Nope.
Revenge years in the making
Never underestimate someone with nothing to do today.
Kid tries to kick us gets hurt
Run over a kid with a stroller at the Magic Kingdom? Good luck finding your stroller!
Filming his "bad" driving (Sorta long)
Right back at Cha
I need help from you r/pettyrevenge
Neighbors shot my dog, he lived and is recovering at home. In response im destroying the resale value of the neighborhood. Enjoy you rich old fucks!
Help me get petty revenge on a serial catfish
Use my laptop without my permission? Have fun getting past the password!
Woman leaves a bad review on pet shop, gets refund and refuses to get pick up the bird for free, so the shop does a giveaway of her bird.
steal my lunch? enjoy your diarrhea
Roommate was a jerk...
Just wanted some change
Drunk and yelling at 3am? Challenge accepted.
Revenge isn’t always negative
Make me walk home without a coat? Then find another locker.
Beep beep.
Wasting my time is a "shitty" thing to do.
Say it with flowers
Hurry up? HURRY UP? How bout I slow down?
Office bitch's bitchiness is magnified by my kindness.
Make fun of my moves? Get kicked in the gut
Keep locking the door? Have fun struggling to find your keys
Dexter Spoilers vs. Firefly Spoilers. A Petty Revenge 5 Years in the Making
Forcing me to back out of a one-way street so you can avoid a traffic light? Sure.
Bass revenge
Want to stay out late drinking? You get stiffed on dinner
help getting revenge on my sexual predator
My “friend” tossed my car keys and went to the pub with friends, had me search for them in the the rain alone.
Tease 7 year old me? Feel my pain, jerkface
This is ongoing, the endgame was/is today. If updates become necessary later, I'll update.
Don't Clean up after Dinner like you Promised?
A smelly pox upon your car
PORQUE LOS SERES HUMANOS NO TIENEN EL PLENO CONOCIMIENTO QUE EL SEÑOR JESUCRISTO PADRE EL DIOS DE ISRAEL, EL SEÑOR JESUCRISTO HIJO EL PRINICIPE DE LA PAZ, EL SEÑOR JESUCRISTO CONSOLADOR EL GUIADOR DE LA IGLESIA VERDADERA DEL DIOS DE ISRAEL Y TODOS LOS SERES ESPIRITUALES QUE VIVEN CON ELLOS SON EXTRA
My sister is having sex, she doesn't know I'm home
Asks me to go on cruise last minute once we get on he and his friends (a couple) ghost me the entire cruise.
Karma train
Yell at me?? Pay me or piss your pants!
“Accidentally” fired me
My wife ate the last piece of pizza last night.
Take that dad
Enjoy being stranded, you sour shrew!
Elderly gentleman learns some manners
I think u/themalleableduck just got a petty revenge for all of us.
Park too Close and Your Car is Dirty? Revenge is Mine.
You tell me how to do my job, I stop you from doing yours
One of the many reasons Iphones suck.
Hippity hoppity, my roommate was sloppity. Bippity boppity, I evicted his property.
Your mum doesn't work in the locker room.
This spot's reserved for me and me only
Friend absolutely destroys an attempted kidnapper
Steal money from me? I'm petty about my pennies.
Art teacher wants me to drop out. So I do
A free drink on Southwest? Not so fast.
"Chat shit, get banged"
wrongly screened--got real petty--debunked reddit
You're Moving Out? Well Then, I'm Leaving First.
Enjoy that spicy tiger balm tingle
From water bottle throwing to music criticism
Housemate came home with GF at 1am and had loud sex, spoke on the phone on speaker for 20mins, and wouldn't let me sleep.
Loud Neighbors Having a Cocktail Hour... You Asked For It!
Hey asshole enjoy your impending ticket
Ignore me after seating me? Here's your sign-turning.
Don't want to pay bills? Okay, well I'll restrict your Netflix to cartoons only
Complain about my attendance? Two can play that game.
Was it wrong of me to "ditch" him?
Don't be a prick to me or my girls
Don't you know that the closer you get to my car, the dirtier my windshield gets?
call
Don't make me do something I said no to.
Teacher's pet and tattle tale caught in a lie after falsely accusing me of cheating.
I can’t park there but you can do it illegally? No you can’t
Making fun of me as a 10 year old? Enjoy my spit
Accidental PettyRevenge
Not-so-petty... Kid gets parents to pay for massive grad party, lies to "Special Ed" kids about where/when. Parents then force him to pick the kids up personally and bring them to the party
Bank attempts to hassle my Grandpa, loses out on a lot of interest.
Should I get "rid" of my housemate's giant plant.
Un-invited my daughter? Fine, you can listen to her cry too
Petty Revenge at the pump
I took petty revenge on elementary school bully four times
Throw snow all over our yard? Have it back!
Mailed it to her boss
Sorry, we have that in stock.
Want to continuously team kill me? Enjoy your hearing loss.
Bottled water isn't free
Screw your company
Your anxiety is bothering me.
Dad doesn't react to his injury so well
Petty revenge on my parents.
She will likely never know, but it still brings me some catharsis.
Abandon Your Friends For Your New Found Love? I'll Embarrass You During A Project.
Time flies when you're collecting flies
When you’re the wrong type of customer...
Petty gas pump revenge
Petty Revenge Free Giveaway
90 y/o PaPu (grandfather) email hacked.
Want to go snooping around on my laptop? Well, have fun trying hundreds of passwords to access your own laptop
Pigs at the Bar
Funeral Guilt
Wanna waste my time? I'll waste you're sleep.
I hid dead fish for my manager to find 🤷
Step Dad Turns Off My Light? Tables Can Also Turn Be Turned
lady gets upset with another customer I bring my supervisor to embarrass her
Neighbors entire family are jerks. Seeking petty ideas.
The Mud Pit
Played the time game with boss
A military revenge story reminds me of my own.
Petty vehicular revenge, aided by Lady Luck!
I've had two bikes stolen, one of the times I was able to steal it back.
Lying friend
The one time I was stranded and had to call the police because some people refused to help me, a tiny 22 year woman late at night.
Road rage on my wife and get the same in return.
Woman left trash bag at my condo, so I sent her employer a note asking her to stop
The bagpipe man
Steal my shit will you?
Purple suction cup dildo revenge.
The 12 nights of apartment revenge
Supermarket Sneak
Going Postal....Well, petty postal
Nutshot for the Creepy Hair Toucher
Taking out the Trash
Enjoy your slightly smaller sandwich, jerk.
You like my parking spot? Ok then, you can have it till spring.
Sure, I'll let you out of your contract!
Leave the kitchen a mess and don't let me cook for week? Enjoy trying to meet an imaginary deadline
Parking spot revenge
Roommate's blanket
The cream puff miscount
Make my ex-gf cry? I take your job
Don't pay for stuff? Hope you like the way you smell.
Over 15 years after middle school....
You Can Have it Back, Bitch (slightly gross)
I got more stories if you like this one...
I'll enjoy a seat by myself then.Best friend cheats with my girlfriend? No more friends for him.
They had it coming
College Girl Gets What She Deserves... TWICE
I took the erasers out of all of some kids mechanical pencils.
Pothead lowlife gets what's coming
Entitled neighbor gets a fraction of what he deserves
Anti-Android person has an Android tablet
Prison revenge.
War has escalated!
wasting a few minutes of bad ex-boss' time with bad referrals
Never be a jerk to a pregnant lady
Published “unknown” archaeological sites because
Be rude and obnoxious, let me mess up your ”prank”
You wanted a free dry. I wanted some free towels. Guess we're even.
i messed with his surround sound without him realizing it
Fishy revenge on a hit and run driver
Hit me with your car, get in a fender bender
Make sure you don't drop anything, bitch.
Ignore the rules and argue?
Making a trip to the bathroom sexual feat. Karen
Go ahead, honk at me while I'm biking legally and at a reasonable speed. See what happens.
A nod would have sufficed
Maths professor gets what he deserves, 10 years after.
Cheat on me with my bestfriend and we're still "friends"? No charger for you!
what happened to your soulmate girl???
r/Prorevange Bully me for 6 years, and I'll show u the comeback of the ages
WARNING!! On this site a lot of people who want to find a sexy adventure
Bro road hog gets a sticky surprise.
Dont Allow Me to have gum? Enjoy not having Anymore!
You scammed me and backstabbed me? Pay my debts
Disrespect me and expect good customer service? Enjoy your inconvenience!
only the FRESHEST of cakes
Changed her yearbook superlative from "most witty" to "most shitty", also, dropped her attendance
How do you get revenge anonymously?
My Job Sucks
A douchy student
Leaky Sink Shenanigans
Other mod wants me out of the project, I transfer ownership of the server to someone else.
That's what you get for almost rear-ending me.
You rude to me, I irratatate you.
Don't belittle your subordinates
Miss Me When I'm Gone
Yet another guy on his phone when he's driving.
Guy parks on our driveway so we clamp him
Won't let me merge?
‘Borrowing’ my ex’s PS4
I hate cigarette (some) smokers...
Political sabotage
Small Dogs vs. Big Dogs
It was just trash, right?
How does shoe taste, a**hole?
Park like a twat and I will block you in.
Accidental airline seat mix up - move the other guy to business class
Insult my best friend? Get both of your accounts permanently deleted and lose your friends
Sweet sound of silence
Revenge on a pothead douche sibling
Whenever people tailgate me, I slowly lower my cruise control speed every 30 seconds or so.
Picky customer won't get off her cell phone
2 for 1 special, Automobile edition
She wouldn't stop being a bitch so I glued her work locker shut.
The receptionist
I will not help you
kid smashes ball at my eye gets revenge
Doki Doki Literature Club Petty Revenge
No family harmony for Bridezilla’s big day
Caused me to be on crutches for a week? Have a free chewed gum everyday,
Thanks for the snarky comment. Have fun trying to figure out where my new office
Your department is highlighted in PINK! Ha!
When you constantly use my shampoo &amp; body wash, this is what happens...
Embarrassed a movie theater phone user
Instant Landlord Revenge.
I hope you enjoy losing your data, jerk!
The long revenge
My brother leaves the toilet lid up
Enjoy ringing in my free steak dinner...
Can't you sit on your half of the seat?
"Microsoft" wanted to fix my computer.
She didn't even keep the secret for 10 min, so I had to pay back.
Can't speak English, prank on foreign speaking cashier.
Mistreat your dog, that's shitty
Grandma parks your motorbike for you
How to give back a house to your landlord if you really, really dislike him...
I'm simply a monster. (no regrets)
r/MaliciousCompliance suggested my story fits better here.
Motorcyclist cut me off
So you really want my sister's nudes, huh? Okay, I'll oblige... sorta.
Oh. You want to leave the line while I'm ringing you up because you want to go get boxes and see if you can go get some coupons to rummage through so you can save a buck?
Turn a 5 minute coffee run into a 2 hour road trip and cold coffee.
Not a customer anymore, but thanks anyway
Can't handle the heat? Get out.
Best tasting beer ever!
Dad punished my brothers for something I did
Old guy in a rush.
Threaten To Get Me Expelled? I’m Good At Petty Revenge.
Enjoy the trip, assholes!
Be an asshole? No smash bros for you
A small victory while playing Xbox last night.
Scam me? I’ll make it BURN
park like an a-hole. i hope you get what you deserve
Revenge Worth Every Petty Penny
Car seat adjustment revenge.
A gamer's tale
My boss is passive-aggressive and he's been slowly halting my career... he'll be sorry for this
Entitled neighbour messes with my scooter, so I mess back.
Use me as an uber? I’ll destroy your masculinity.
I got petty revenge in art class
Cut off a fellow good driver? To bad you're behind me.
i got blocked for playing around
Eat a huge bite out of my noodles? Hope you like hot sauce in the noodles!
Harass me for 18 months? No big. Say one negative thing about my love? I'll have your job. LOOONG post.
sweet revenge
Wont let me use the bathroom? Okay then.
I’m a petty bank representative
"Yeah, not gonna happen."
Christmas Lights Revenge
I needs ideas on how to get back at my former employer
I plug my keyboard into his computer after he calls my work trash
The last shot fired in the great dishes war
The sweetest revenge on my boyfriends jealous ex
I Agree, The Back of the Store is Much Too Far of a Walk
HA HA!
Heckle us all you want. We have more fans than you.
Are you sure this is what you want cue malicious compliance
Tailgate me with your highbeams on when I’m already doing 80? Have fun cruising at 50 for 15 miles
Take that, you bitchy waffle waitress.
Simple yet Effective Roommate Revenge
Bully me? No cake for you!
Don't mess with my kids
Destroyed a cheating ex-girlfriend in multiple ways.
Raining cats and dogs.
I got a family kicked out because their kid called me a ...
Don't want a large, fine...
How to scam some scammers?
My name says it all!
That's some gay revenge
Tailgater
The Pudding Tantrum
Leave your prints at the printer? Have fun sorting through!
I learned everything to run your business so you can drink &amp; do drugs
Longtime friend, new stranger
Don't want to listen to me talk? Fine listen to the microwave
I was browsing /r/all when I found a sub that needed some petty revenge...
Petty snow revenge.
Yell at my favorite barista, I kick your wallet under the counter
cyber bully me? i won't keep my mouth shut anymore.
Entitled redneck gets his truck blocked in
Taiwan Nightmarket Accidental RevengeTrying to cut me off in traffic? Get behind me while I drive really slow.
You make me wait, I make you wait.
I got my Professor Fired!
The clock is your master, now
Toilet paper revenge backfired
Hope you like that sandwich hair
Because I hate him. I wake him up in the most petty way in the middle of the night. All the time.
Guy tries to cheat on his test by looking at mine, I made him fail.
Take my food, your going for a swim.
You done played yourself
Mother Karma's petty revenge, she realized a certain archery club sucked.
Poison Ivy is fun, isn’t it?
Minty Revenge
Best friend breakup
Droopy Dog asked me about Asian porn and got my attention.
Discriminate against a kid with downs? Enjoy a fruit smoothie in your car.
Enjoy your dog slobber!
Very petty revenge served in carpark
You want to copy off of MY quiz? Sure, let me put the wrong answers on the quiz for you
(Traffic) Cone Wars
Bet
Bullying me and my friend led to being humiliated in front of the whole school.
soz in advance for reading all this
Enjoy your "vegetarian" breakfast.
Who ya gonna egg?
Frustration in the workplace
Petty Canine revenge
Wait until we leave the game to sell the loot? Sure go ahead, test us
Mess with my laundry will you?
Even if there isn't a line, there's a line. Don't be a jerk.
My Ongoing Revenge Against Crappy Coworker
This one goes out to the shitposters.
Nightmare Neighbor
You want your money back for "dry" bread, you will only get free stuff from us
Guy almost ran me down in parking lot
Sucked In My Child
Have fun retaking it!
Aromatic Justice
What are they gunna do? Arrest me!
You want to make bitchy comments? I'll shut you down.
Parking Lot Revenge, Too
World Of Warcraft D(i)K tries to kick me.
Rude server needs to change attitude
Former MIL used too much salt in her food. Asked her to tone it down, she refused. So I hid her salt shakers the next time we ate there.
Be a rubbish teacher? Have fun marking!
Ditch all Apartment cleaning during Move-Out? UPDATE
Break my things? Find another charger.
Revenge on a guy who had me drive an hour for a date and treated me terribly
Don't hate on my pitbulls.
You stole my pen, Jake.
Just Barely Out of Reach
Cheat on my mum and make her cry? Have fun having your life ruined.
No bonus points for you!
The time a waiter got the best of my demanding Grandfather
Those Ding Dongs
Penny Revenge
I got my childhood bully back.
I'm just doing my job. Pay extra to be rude :)
Bully Revenge with Magazine Inserts
MMO revenge
Lunchtime massacre
Cheat and buy a bottle of Prosecco behind my back? Enjoy your bottle of Prosecco in return
Made Chase Branch manager that refused to exchange $20s into $100s notarize 58 documents.
Keeping time in the express lane
Revenge
This isn't Saint Andrew's, you cheating bastard!
Petty revenge on rude parker
Cheat with my best friend? Pay the price (Long)
Zippidy Zappidy Pricket, Dick gets a Speeding Ticket
The Revenge that Got Me Into Pokemon
It may have been spiteful, but it felt damn good
Petty Revenge on annoying drunks (McDonald's)
A superficial win
Scammer calls, listens to hardcore music
The Halloween candy mod
Maybe petty victory?
How dare you sleep with her and not ED pt3 (Revenge)
Does this count lol
Lifeguard Revenge
I have a coupon I'd like to use.
Annoy me? I'll try to inconvenience you. Try to inconvenience me? I'll get mom mad at you.
Need Advice - Slipping Ipecac into food
Not sure if technically revenge, but definitely justice boner material
Petty revenge at the top of the city.
Annoy me enjoy a messy room
Enjoy the walk of shame
Director puts my desk in front her door to keep an eye on me
Hoard my dishes and don't clean up after yourself? I'll make you buy your own!
I am not the hero of this story.
my friend broke my xbox one..... i got him in trouble with the school
Park in the handicap spot illegally, you're going to get called out!
Last resort - revenge
Should I make him get my name tatted?
Carwash Revenge
Customer lied to me
Refuse to acknowledge arguments? I'll delete your
Don't Mess With My Display Shirts
Hacking a bully email
Tried to sweat me out by jacking up the heater sweats herself out instead.
My mom gets bullied by boss at work they all quit
Never judge a book by its cover
Never gonna give your party up, my speaker won’t desert you
Tow my car for no reason? You've made an enemy.
Cab Scab Petty Revenge
Don't try to out-b*tch me. I've got 20 years practice on you.
Deadbeat Math Teacher Gets Forced to Give Me an A on the Final
Your kids yell at the middle of the night. I blare my music
Enjoy your damp clothes, bro
You demand our pizza?
Transphobic, sexist instructor gets sacked and banned from university
If you like sharing dick pics with strangers, why not with your family?
Call me an idiot? Cat facts for you!
Cousin is being an asshole
That one time I sent spiders to his door
Call me lazy for having school and call my cousin a bitch? Have fun with no account.
The tale of my Broken PC.
Harass us? Just wait till November
Grandparents left me at a buffet, so I peed in their car
Girl keeps parking her Prius on the sidewalk which is used by disabled people a block away causing them to use the brick road in their wheelchairs at night. I have had enough.
"How do the stairs taste, Sis?"
Growing my hair out of spite just to shave it
Freeway Friends
Primary school bully
Do you want to be heard by an empathetic listener?
Obnoxious music
Need help getting much needed revenge
Complain about me? I spit in your face.
Get Affordable Apcalis sx 20mg Oral Jelly Online
How many times do I have to teach you this lesson old man.
I got my sexual harasser out of the guild
Kid tells me to KMS, I didn't let that slide
Revenge against a scumbag exgirlfriend.(x-post r/funny)
We're a pretty boring couple... Adventures in passivity
Pizza Delivery Revenge
Make a snide comment about me, have fun getting no quite time this Christmas!
I left an escort an unconventional tip
You want updates? You’ll GET updates.
Child Revenge!
Petty Printer
Call me something I am not you shall enjoy a BIG lesson.
This guy just stopped in front of me in a right hand turn only lane and threw on his hazards.
Petty Revenge Idea's Needed - Petty Neighbors
Punish me for a profile pic, have your bigotry exposed.
Opportunity to take revenge on a bully from +20 years ago.
Well now, you're just going to have to stay up late.
Be patient for parking spaces
Going to be a crazy upstairs neighbour? I have some nice petty revenge coming your way!
Leave your shitty car on my property? I'll make it a literal shitty car.
Petty revenge gone wrong on a white Mustang...
waste of time? ill show you real waste of time
Should I begin petty revenging my roommate and his fat lazy whale of a girlfriend?
Being stuck in economy class seating is bad enough, so why make my life worse?
‘Friend’ on crutches says I don’t do anything to help them- so I don’t.
Revenge of the Dental Assistant
Putting the 'Pee' in Petty
The one where a guy tried 3 times to sneak 3 people in front of me in a bar queue.
Your try to run my mum over, I'll watch her get her revenge.
Company founder acts like an idiot — employee makes him look like one
Wanna be cruel to my dog for no reason? Enjoy never being able to safely have a bowel movement in your own home.
Duct cleaning telemarketers are the worst
I check to see if someone posted "Happy Birthday" on my Facebook wall (on my last birthday) before I post "Happy Birthday" on theirs.
Nice "book" report class Bully. I'll expose your cheating.
Too lazy to put your unwanted groceries back? I'll help...
I'm not going to wait, but you are.
cum guzzling bucket slept with my boyfriend
revenge best served frozen
Act like a lazy prick, enjoy being ripped off.
Post Break Up Petty Revenge
Lesbian revenge
I lost my job, but it was tottally worth it.
Grab my boob and pull a victim card? Fuuuuck you.
Game of Thrones, I came out on top.
My revenge was never discover yet it still gave me such satisfaction.
Don't bring holy guns to a sneeze battle
High Expense for the Landlord
Oh ... I’m Disrespectful?!
Wanna be a rude asshole who intimidates retail workers? You'll just leavers empty handed
Nearly run me off the road and slow down like it's my fault? Okay mate
Coffee cup cleaned with fish bowl water!
Crappy recruiter agency reviews bombed.
She can do her own work from now on
Revenge on a misogynistic restaurant customer.
Don't Believe Me? I'll Prove it to You.
Oh, you wanted a smooth scoop of ice cream, my bad!
Living in the south taught me manners. Reddit taught me petty revenge.
The Universe Takes Some Petty Revenge For Me, Against My Brother
Bully me in class? Alright, I'll fuck your grades up
Loud neighbour
Baseball fun with MIL
Idk what to call it
&lt;Insert title here&gt;
Mild petty revenge? Guy behind me on bus keeps kicking my seat
take 20 minutes to bring my drink enjoy making a new one.
Not your typical tailgating petty revenge..
Don't take the weights off my bar
Revenge for cancelled credit card
Talk down to me? I'll just end your career.
Talk right behind me during the movie? I don't think so.
Rude, yes, but well worth it
Won't change your attitude? I won't change either...
The perfect partner
Man Being a Cheater Gets some payback
Cheating...
I went quite far in getting revenge on a girl who trash talked me
Free Lobster
Just an average customer!
Wasting the telemarketers time.
condom story
Rude biker yells at me while driving, I embarrass him in front of a crowd of other bikers.
High School band teacher with the floppy tits
Racquetball Douchecanoe gets destroyed
Teacher gets mad at me for being late so I hatch an evil plan (before covid)
My ex fucked my sister for months, all lying to me saying I'm crazy. Payback.
And those who think that they are beyond rebuke..
You want a car to break? Try breaking this!
Me and my friends scared kids out of our spot for lunch.
Hungry, heavy-set peoples revenge.
Bad tipper? nope. Just to you.
+1 (412) 877-4249
Flying? Person in front of you reclining into your lap? Do what I do!
Jerk to co-workers? Enjoy your mild inconvenience.
Got fired by my boss for checking on the development of my baby. I deleted his website!
The worst thing a Brit could do...
An InTeReStInG tItlE
Sauce packets
2 guys high as a kite what can go wrong
Deny me shower gel? I think not.
Petty revenge on my cheese snob of a sister
Ex asked me to get back together with her, I agreed knowing I shouldn't. I made sure it didn't last a day.
You Don't Deserve :)
'I will drop some off if I ever have any extra' does not mean 'Help yourself'
Traffic Direction
You think you're gonna get away with it? Think again!
Gotta Take a Hit to Give out 5
Enjoy your sandwich.
Karen goes the long way.
Petty online revenge
No mask, no problem
Grandpa's revenge
lorem ipsum
Glurgg glurg spit choke hack!
my girlfriend's mom had it coming...
Don't be an asshole to my best friend.
Game night pettiness
Remote thermometer revenge (Not mine)
I'm not proud of it, but I did it (minor road rage story)
I prefer my petty revenge subtle.  (Picture in comments)
Douche Truck Gets Flushed`
Nurses are petty.
Yell at me 1 day before i move out? Ok
Bus revenge.
Regularly steal my lunch? Please don't do that...
Revenge of the Band Geek
Pass on the shoulder? Don't expect me to back you in your fender-bender!
Take advantage of me? Enjoy the aroma.
HOA threaten fee’s for Halloween decorations if they are not being taken down by NOV 2nd. Their impatience get rewarded with getting to see Halloween decorations all year long.
The pettiest of revenge...
Starlight International786
Loud and endless phone conversation in our Uber pool?
The Phantom Parker: How to drive someone up a wall
Sweet revenge in road rage incident
The tables have turned
Treat my kids like shit, get embarrassed in front of your stuffy friends
Burn Me, Put Up with My Sh*t
Don't be a dick, or you won't be able to play.
Jab me with your elbow will you?
Gave my two weeksMy friend embarrassed me. So I left that boy butt-ass NAKEDDDDD
You only said the collar had to be black.....
I downvote all of a mod’s posts on an artistic subreddit because he’s an asshole with mediocre talent
If I'm going to be your taxi, I expect payment.
Ignore the 'Queue here' sign? Reap my pettiness!
The story of a National Guard Technician who rocked the good ole boy boat
Cuts me off on the freeway, forced to stay in the wrong lane.
Wanna race..?
Use your own towel
Nosy neighbors get told off
💁🏼
Dont know what title should be.
Keeping neighbor's packages
Petty revenge by a traffic attendant in crowded shopping complex.
The tale of the broken wine bottle &amp; the guy who wouldn’t quit shopping.
Customer is rude, proceeds to ask for a favor.
Bitchy attitude as a sales rep? I report you!
Anata are an idiot
Here's your damn coffee
An Otter is an Unpleasant Situation
The most elaborate lie I ever told
Eat my food, I eat yours.
Want me to run a yield sign? I'll take three seconds out of your day.
If the revenge hasn't happened yet, you should probably go to /r/myevilplan
Screw me out of a job after telling me I'd get one? Enjoy figuring out your complex, slow file system you technological NeanderthalDont spoil Endgame and i wont keep you from seeing half the movie.
Lose my stuff? You wont get away with anything.
Playing annoying songs with my sister.
Petty revenge with a touch of malicious compliance.
Paid in pennies for my cigarettes.
Petty revenge on loaders
You want petty, you got it - Chinese edition
The Bented Yellow Boomerang
Apartment neighbors pump their jam at 7:30 AM. I connect my phone to their speakers. A little Ween with your morning coffee, my good sir?
Leave me standing at the bus stop will you?
Revenge By The CatBoyfriend's cheating ex-wife accidentally sent packages to our house and demands we return them.
A BMW has places to be and waits for no man!
Empty packs in the trash can create no expectations
100 degrees of leather on your skin
Veel succes, sukkel (Good luck, sucker)
Upstairs Neighbor
I don't really have a story. Just wanted to say thank you.
Won't let you wife sit down? You're now second place.
Husband gets petty, wife retaliated
Mrs Moodypants
She put Chilli paste on my noodle, i put sesame seed she hate and afraid the most
Think twice before telling people you're going to fight me.
Cheating Karma
Need some revenge advice.
Ruin my surprise by calling my wife? How about I email your boss about you just lost my business?
Fuck your birthday AND your balloons.
Steal our ball?Enjoy a face full of roses
Busy Saturday
What’s an innocent yet really annoying way to get back at someone?
Prank callers harassed me at work and we have caller ID
Cheat on me, I’ll get your child support raised AND your car repo’ed.
My Mom's Response To An Online Dating Scammer
Oh, be an asshole? You get no help from me!
"Damnit, my shoe!"
Death of a thousand network rules. aka "Why don't you ask IT for help with your game?"
Have it your way I won't filter!
I wiped down gym equipment and it got taken when I put the spray bottle away.
Neighbor called cops on us and lied to them, we returned the favor a few months later, no lie necessary.
Have fun drying your clothes for a 3rd time, asshole
I get my version of revenge on lazy classmates
Act like an annoying dick in Chinese class, enjoy listening to a high pitched noises
My stepmum's invasion
Students heart stops because of stupid PE teacher? Get a free pass out of any class.
It's going to be a long night.
"You can leave a penny but you can't take a penny"
neighbors keep using my 2nd car space. i put the recycling bin next to their drivers side car door
folding clothes is much better when angry at your husband
Company founder acts like a d**k — employee makes him look like one
Kid Tells my friends to Shut the fuck up. Gets what he deserves.
OK, I'll do it the old fashioned way.
Rude customers forgot keys, I watched the struggle.
Blast me with your brights for only going 5mph over? I hope you like where you're at
My 14 yo self's dream came true.
valentine's is the best day ever :)It's always the quiet ones
Drop your cigarette on the ground? I'll make you reach for it.
Petty Karma Revenge maybe, I robbed him of his drama
Enjoy your monopoly money...
Trying to spam my good for nothing father who vandalized my car
Got the goods
I got revenge by stopping my slacking at work
How I got revenge and made my 5th to 7th trade bully and his henchman shut up for once
Daily email blasts
Isn't it funny...
I left him on the bus
I hope you enjoyed that Game of Thrones status.
Made a fish paste and filled my ex housemates wall vents with it
A prank gone wrong.
Contract work scam countered
Student at school steals ring, gets in trouble because of it
Karma is a rainbow flavored bitch.
Be a smug yuppy to me about my shoe laces; get owned in front of your wife
Refuse to bring your dog in at nights? goodbye dog.
middle school bully
I don't think he understands the meaning of Non-Profit! Assistance needed!
Steal my tomatoes? Have fun in jail.
Don't pay your invoice? I won't forget, but you will.
Here's what I do with your dogshit neighbors...
My neighbors left their furniture in front of my apartment for days. Good luck with the smell.
Dairy Payback
You raped my sister? I'll steal your anxiety meds to get high
Car destruction ideas
No stool for you
I remember what I used to do to some girls in middle school.
Old ladies and their purses
Leave the gate open now.
I get revenge on Choosing Beggar who then gets revenge on himself!
A quiet bitch is always deadly
No such thing as free parking.
Steal my laundery time? Ok, here is a free padlock.
Mac's overcharged me 2$.
Its the small things that count
Friends simply stalled a rude lady from buying something
I spoiled the end of Game of Thrones for the person who spoiled endgame to me.
Guilt me into not donating money? Embarrass you in front of the school.
Being a jerk? Enjoy getting busted
Little sister hits me daily. I record over her SpongeBob episodes.
Guy uses my friend as a slave then in grade 6 gets fake fbi notes and freaks out.
Homecoming Horror
Petty driving revenge against speedy motorcyclist. Illustrations included.
Hope you like Thursdays!
Teacher "Lost" My Returned Textbook
Revenge runs its own course in due time.
My mom sent me a book on dog training for my husband’s dog. I sent it back for her new puppy
Slow walking pedestrians walking 3 abreast get stalled
Crouching Mouse, Hidden Jarate
Bored and destructive teenagers. Paintball players v. Bmx bikers. Battleground: The Trails
Daily revenge on a lazy coworker
My Coworker From Hell
Think your better than me? Where are they now??
Rude in line? Reap what you sow.
Just a quick grocery run
Tailgate me as I try to pass another car.
Petty revenge at Magic Mountain
Don't date your mate's exes behind their backs
I screwed a guy in my class over for stealing my scooby snacks.
Eating my food really burns me up, now it will for you too.
How I'd make the bank lose money by making additional credit card payments
Lady Steals my Soda
Trip me in a race you get your reputation ruined
Group of guys tried to dine and dash and the police were called
Ignore allergies? Get fired. (Cross posted)
You must've been ahead of me.
The bicycle hostage situation
curse at me? I'm no longer making an effort to keep you comfortable
Got two HOA board member removed from board for trying to bully me
Parking Wars.
Block my movie experience? Enjoy the bright lights.
Screw up our routine?
Mess with me? I'll ruin your cakes
Got my Alt-Right Father-In-Law
My Petty Revenge as a McDonald's Employee
My ex of 5 years broke up with me via text
I made your sandwich making very difficult for one week.
Not sure if this belongs here but just need to rant about something.
I'm sorry, say that again?
Saw this video - Karma or just dumb driving?
Need help being petty to downstairs neighbor keeping me up
Hog the bike lane? Have fun driving behind me.
Be rude to the store clerk? Good luck finding where you're going...
How I annoyed my passive aggressive roommate
Making use of the student council shirt.
Cut a biker off while you leave your wallet and phone on top of your car? Enjoy replacing your phone screen.
some of my office petty revenge stories...
I got revenge on my teacher
Oh, my workouts bother you?  I'm not a good neighbor?
Petty Revenge Help!
Don't make me curious by telling you have a gift for me
I can bang on your door too.
Parking Spot Standoff
Mom waited 5 years to get her revenge on my Grandpa.
I put my little brother in the back seat
Best regards
Blamed me for taking a shit in the pool when you did...
Guy parks in my parking space, so I block him in for about 3 hours.
Got everyone fired because they were jerks to me
New buyers beware
Don't turn left on Red (if it's illegal!)
In which a gentleman does the right thing and cleans up ‘his’ litter.
Don't know if this is the right place
I ruined a whiteboard my freshman year of highschool because of a teacher
I'm gonna keep kicking you until you stop
My mom is just great
Christmas revenge on a mother-in-law
Want to inconvenience me? Two can play at that game.
Want to share my parking spot? Enjoy the flat tire.
A stinky cheese revenge
Petty Revenge for being Rude
How to be petty with coffee mugs
World’s Worst Airline Passenger
Can’t wait 5 minutes for a laundry machine? How about 40
Action Dan here, chase off my lady friend, I'll make your wife think youre gay.
School bags on the bus
Asshole PE teacher
I got revenge for my friend when a hypocrite asked for homework help.
Your “color safe” shampoo isn’t actually that safe.
Swapping clothes
Don't you know it's rude to yell across someone? Well, now you do.
Cut me off, get eliminated
Lend you money and not being nice, no smiley faces for you!
Graham Crackers (not the breakfast cereal)
My nephew lives with me and I'm basically his mom.
Do not be rude to the Receptionist.
Impatient driver
No bull? Then chill!
Not my fault you did not do YOUR job....
Egg on your face
My girlfriends mum was too nosy for my liking.
A particularly annoying coworker -- and how I cope.
Park in my spot, wait for a while for me to complete my workout.
Professor berates me, I get small online satisfaction
My brother took my bike so I messed with his room.
A Tale of Three Uncles
Passive aggressive email? No, you’re wrong.
Trash meets trash
Dont steal my flashdrive.
Buying a watch from Walmart.
Stick your hair somewhere else!
Flying times
Don't turn your highbeams down? Brace for pettiness.
Find a Different Spot.
Passive Agressive to the max!
This is so petty, I'm almost embarrassed to admit I do it
If you’re rude to a rental car company rep, you don’t get a car.
No food in the new car!
Hee hee hee
Dont Steal his pencil
Washing machine ettiquette is equivalent to Intergalactic law
Grade my final Art Criticism early? Okay let me create a report.
Bus Etiquette
The most racist, craziest Karen ever, gets put in her place.
You're "cleaning" let me help with that
A supervisor threw my phone and expensive headphones in the trash today
Don't make me obey traffic signs, jerk.
If you're going to cheat on me and rub it in my face by sending me a screenshot of texts, block out the number next time.
Don't want to share your cake? Sure, but you won't be getting any pizza.
You Don’t Want To Do Your Job? Ok Then, Have An “Easier” Job.
Never mess with a satire poet grandfather.
Mocking followed with a solid smack in the head
Dumb worker at KFC laughs when I stumble on my way to toilet; so I got her fired. Who's laughing now?
Cutting in line? It wo
Ex gets destroyed
I might go to jail and don't know if I should've done it.
Don't be a douche knocker on the plane and you won't be called out and embarrassed in front of everyone else.
Mess up the store and inconvenience other customers? Waste your time.
Insult me and a bunch of others? Prepare for my pettiness.
Petty Revenge on my Brother for his constant attempts at conversion
Ex blows up over a video game, so I steal his stuff in Minecraft.
Won’t take my business? I’ll spread the word
dunno why im doing this lol
This is what happens when you tell your password in class...
Steal our snacks? Have a shitty day!
Quality Control specialist tries to flex her "power"
I'm not usually like this. I swear...
Silent Revenge on an Airplane
Bed Revenge
If only road rage paid your bills
Today this happened
I just like sharing with my neighbors.
Make me wait? I'll make you wait.
Dont mess with my friends and try get away with it
You're not my boss. Don't f***ing act like it!
Simple, elegant karma.
Tailgate me on a neighborhood street? No right-on-red for you.
Make my school life hell? Enjoy that typo for the rest of your life.
How my Brother got back at his girlfriend
Trying to make me stop?
Girlfriend is playing a victim and making me feel miserable.
Primary School Bully with "amnesia"
My brother played the long game.Girlfriend Cheats with Ex Boyfriend... I leak his dick pics.
I got a mean girl called out for bullying my friend with behavioral problems.
hehe
Roommate drunkenly skipped out on his taxi fare and made me pay so I made him sweat..
Lady Justice is a b*tch, or: Lawyers' revenge.
Do better than me and rub it in? I guess I won't help you anymore.
Kids on my schools were throwing food.
Don’t help us with directions despite being our friend? Fine, we’ll go home and not tell you.
Yapping harpies ruined my chill time at the book store
Locked the brat out on the patio.
all of my friends data gone over a petty drama.
Finally got my chance at computer scamers
I won in the end...
Cabby's revenge
Park in the Disabled Persons' Parking spot will you!
A Dog's Petty Revenge
Make me drive an hour AND throw me under the bus? MUUHAHAHA!!
Make me late? I'll scruff your shoes!
Steal my brothers bike? I'll ruin you on social media
If you talk shit about me, expect me to talk shit back.
Don't tell me what to do, movie theater man.
Rude lady wants a PC fix (Spyware) before she goes home.
Nepotism is an ugly thing, but beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
mess with me get ready to be destroyed
Don't mess with the Festival of Freedom
Beat me? K Ill just dump ur backpack
The search for the smelly fish
The Raccoon Creek Revenge
Follow Me Around Creepily. Nice Try
Malfunctioning infusion pump revenge
Annoying customer asks for "a small bag for that", I give her a large bag.
I took a customer's valve stem cap.
Dis the flag and I Dis your business
Waste my time? Okay, sit tight.
Middle school bully wanted to sign my yearbook
I pretend not to speak the language to get gloriously petty revenge on a salesbitch.
Push in front of me to get off the train, I can push too.
Don’t let me take my friend to the nurses office, you get the consequences
http://www.supplementcave.com/ultra-fast-keto-weight-loss/
NEED YOUR Petty Revenge SUGGESTIONS for Defamation on Non-Profit
Bump my car with your cart?
No hands to hand out flyers to...
flick that cig on the ground right in front of the grocery storre after getting out of your $100K Porsche? Wipers are great for holding things
Training partner tries to make me look bad in front of the coach
Kick my car when I'm being polite; enjoy being blind.
You interrupt me and I'm gonna make you feel like an idiot
More fun with the HOA arsehole...
Harassing Neighbors I can’t do anything about it’s destroying my life. Can’t involve police but something needs to be done about it. Take over for me. Long weird explanation here goes
Your boss is a friend of mine
I had to live with an douchebag for almost 2 years. So I ejaculated into his conditioner.Don't want to give me time on the internet? Fine, have my 3 stage revenge.
Freeload and get free rent? Okay, you're not getting your mail.
Embarrassed an overweight teacher in high school.
Bad attitude guy blocks tow company lot. Wonder how'd they move his car?
Consolation prizes
I threw a dead rat embeebed with formaldehyde at my neighbor's barbecue grill...
need your help for this piece of revenge.
Petty teacher
Stepmom hit me with a brush for stealing from autistic kid.
Make my time at uni miserable? I'll ignore the crap out of you at graduation.
Your stereo won't let me sleep? Fine, you'll live in the dark.
I hope you enjoy your peanut butter contaminated jelly sandwich!
Run over our lawn we will ruin your bumper.
My very, very petty revenge on my husband
Dont be a Ass to the others on the bus
Middle School Bully Harassed me for 2 Years but I get the Last Laugh.
Make me hurry? Enjoy your heart attack.
Don't cut my hair.
My Brother, My Savior.
Don't Illegally Park on a Federal Base, or Walk Everywhere. Everywhere is 10+miles from anything.
Small revenge
My mom put a GPS tracker on my phone, so I spoofed my location.
Make our lives a misery, we'll plot your death.
Girl about to get the most hilarious gift ever
I fought back against a trash talker.
I think I've found the best way to deal with noisy neighbours
An eye for an eye, and soap for soap
I finished all the easy parts of of our puzzle...
I will bring my mom just to spite you
Payback overkill...
Movie theater revenge (short and sweet)
Car park revenge
Petty and nasty revenge in high school.
Move my laundry? Enjoy your hot and wet clothes.
Oh you took my dog? Say goodbye to your childhood.
Soulja Boy is taunting my roommate at night
I hope your eggs SUCK!
How I managed to humiliate both of the class bullies in elementary school.
No, this is *my* table
Piss on my counter top? No chicken for you!
Guy breaks my hand, gets beaten up and tied NAKED to a lamp post
Revenge is best served cold, sweet, and carbonated.
Throw a paper airplane at me again.
Steal my treasured shampoo? You bet I'm taking it back
Drunk girl pukes in my bed so I drop off the bedding at her house
IP Address Revenge
Sexist dudes fail Physics after calling me a secretary
An asshole for a boyfriend
Barfly Drunkards
To speak directly with a person, you'll want to hit 00
Moms are the worst roommates.
Use all the hot water? Have fun.
Nobody puts baby in the dog poop
You were rude to me? You'll get (partially accidentally) sent to psych counselling
Embarrass me in choir? Hope you enjoy VoiCe CrAckS
Student says bad things to me in Spanish. I make him think I speak Spanish.
Elevators, revenge, and the ultimate sense of satisfaction
Ex party boy roommate revenge
I deliver pizza, and I finally got revenge on an asshole.
Don't beep at me when I'm trying to help you.
Ignore me and I ignore the small bills in my wallet.
Petty Endings
Cry to get me in trouble, how about having a swollen head
Be a dick? Have fun getting your car off the roof.
Try to get /r/tifu famous for a prank you weren't even involved in? Time for some old-fashioned scare tactics.
Stealing supplies on your last day? I don't think so.
Accidental 2 Part Revenge on Teacher
Battle with moron roommate, Part IIAudio battles with my ex-roommate
Loud TV
An older revenge story. It's a little long.
Completely unrelated and petty revenge
Be careful what you scream for...
I can't stand screaming kids
Ignore life threatening allergies? Lose your job.
Penny Pinchers
Neighbor’s truck got keyed
Screw my SO over for a shift? They may not be petty but I sure am
Guess Showing Up Wasn't an Option
Beep at me when forced to slow down? Enjoy the slow journey
Pharmacy Problems
Friend's on-the-spot revenge-lie to scare the SHIT out of a girl
High school bullies have just been hired my lawn care service.
Y’all never gonna sleep cause of me!
Step on my brand new shoes? Have fun fishing yours out of the toilet.
A revenge 3 months in the making
"You've been pissed upon."
A Nobles Revenge
Vacation
Discriminate against my fellow students? Hope you enjoy the Poopocalypse!
Refuse to turn the heat on? Okay then...
Girlfriend's dad was a poor sport, so we taught him a lesson
Speeder climbs my ass, gets pulled over
Cellphone in the movie theater
Block my way? Face my wrath
Stall at the supermarket checkout? You can line up again.
USPS - You waste my time. I'll waste yours.
A movie, you say?
Don't do work from the work-list? I'll give you extra work
I'm suddenly in less of a hurry
Apartment manager wants to be an ass about resident parking policy? Have fun eating the towing fees.
You could have just... not done that.
Call the cops on me? Thanks, it will make the eviction process easier.
Girl rubs in victory, gets put in place hard a week later
Guy in Class
Ugly little liar
Guy
Health class revenge
I took so much of your sh*%$ you can take some of mine...literally 💩😂
Keep The Change.
Be an inconsiderate roommate - feel my wrath!
Don't park like a moron people..
Drink my cordial will you??
Bog down everyone's connection. No internet for you.
Charge rent for literally every little thing? Good luck trying to rent your house to someone again.
my friend broke my xbox one s..... i got him in trouble with the school..
Right place at the right time
I exacted revenge on my brother
night is for sleep day is for work (update)
Justice Gas™, dastardly deed, or just great timing?
Denying line-cutter his food samples
I watch hentai when you sleep.... slightly nsfw
Take THAT, MIL- revenge via unwitting family pet
You want to use the pan that I cleaned? Ok
Simple and oh so sweet...
Work revenge on our stock buyer - if you won't do your job the first time, I'll make it harder the next.
A Productive EveningYou can hit me in the face, but I’ll bite you in the ass
You aren't getting away Scott free after pissing on my car
Make my coworker cry? I'll show you we're not all as stupid as you think!
Stock better
1-900-Revenge
So Normally I'm against revenge but I need to get these kids to stop...
Annoy me at the movies? Smell my ass.
My epic revenge story
Having no upper body strength was her downfall.
Rude gentleman gets an id check for cigs
Guy wants to scam us? Ok you’ll never receive food from us again.
In which petty roommate justice leads to an assault, eviction, and arrest.
Your name is in the title of a game? I’ll show you how important you are in it.
Hd audiobooks
Truly petty bus revenge
Rude Car Salesman
She’s dead
Maths teacher revenged
My ex and his henchwoman screwed over me, so I ruined their workplace and sleep.
"Cheesecake"
Ruin my illusion?
I was a toilet paper bandit...
My petty bike adventure
Interrupt my studying with your music? Enjoy a taste of your own medicine.
Sit too close to me? Enjoy your trip on the merry-go-round!
Meadery refused to give me water, so I used 50x more water
That one Neighbor everyone hates
Make fun of my brother and be a jerk to me for a week? enjoy your ruiend night.
Want to make a scene in front of my customers? Have fun wasting your time!
A girl used MY number on wh*tsapp and BLOCKED my business clients!
Sometimes petty revenge isn't justice served, but my dad gets back at him by being honest.
Worst human in the world finds out how we all feel
When my kids' daycare lady upsets me, I purposely pack different flavors of yogurt the next day so my kids argue on who gets which one.
No kind regards for you.
"School Spirit"
Cut me off, insurance goes up!
You cheat on me
Em stole my switch. Gets pro gamer moved
Fat... or pregnant?
No, I'm not a tourist
Bully my sister, my friends, lie about a disability and be an asshole, have fun scrubbing slushee out of your clothes.
Hillary Clinton and my ex-boyfriend.
Do I have something on my face
Mess with me by throwing my stuff? Go fetch.
Gatwick rental car Mass-holes
Late night Bollywood? Early morning hip hop.
Homophobic, abusive baby-man? Take some gay porn. On me.
Overcharge me? Free coffee for me!
Pumpkin Smasher, Snowman Stomper, Meet Public Humiliation.
Please don't push me
You bitch about waiting, you bet you're gonna wait even longer!
My Brother Annoyed Me So I Made Him Hear Voices
Give me detention for nothing? prepare for The Great Stapler Heist!
Girl says I tried to “scam” her on depop (clothes selling app) and leaves me a shitty review. I spam her email.
Kid doesn’t work, I embarrass him
My mothers a genius
Roommate keeps using my dishes and not cleaning them
Want to make fun of an autistic kid? Fine, you don't get to have friends.
If you want to use two spots go for it, but I fit where I fit
Lazy classmate is forced to do group project for an exam alone
Wrong Number
Landlord tries to have my family on the street in the winter? Enjoy your two mortgage payments!
The stop sign isn't a suggestion.
Act like a dick? Stink like one too
My boyfriend has been annoying lately.
My Christmas Tradition
Screwed by a landlord
Send me Spam? You will pay for me to Spam you back!
Little cousins get the gift they’ve always wanted
Tailgating driver in mad rush to get nowhere
Petty revenge on my little kitty.
Basketball revenge.
Didn't you learn throwing snowballs are not allowed in middle school?
Repost from ProRevenge: you don’t want to send my the money even after you’ve received and used the stuff i sent you?! I will fuck your whole life.
Beep Beep, Bimbo
Crazy (17F) girl sold me oregano instead of weed for $50 and nothing was done to provoke this
Don't block me in!
Rudeness Entitles You to Strange Looks
ASSHOLE SUCKER
Waste 15 seconds of my time? I'll waste 30 of yours.
Hey reddit I need your help on getting some petty revenge.
In the 70’s my Dad was a consular officer in Sicily...
Just let the ball through!
High and mighty brother gets whats coming to him
Queen of entitlement gets put in her place
Unrequited love petty revenge.
E-mail Spam from HELL
Don't care enough to make sure your kid doesn't causes somebody else some trouble? Imma fuck you up
revenge on bully
Petty inflight revenge.
Sign up for instagram with my email address? My account now
The pettiness is strong before coffee.
Cashier won't withdraw money for me..
Telescammer? Let’s see how quick you are.
Mines bigger than yours Asshole!!!!
Petty Revenge on my homophobic Dad
(I’m a waitress): Make me stand there while you berate me for an extended period of time on how I “obviously wasn’t listening”, just because I forgot to bring an extra plate to the customer, despite my apologizing &amp; remedying the situation IMMEDIATELY? I hope you like hair in your food, lady!
Help me be petty
Inconsiderate neighbors think I’ll shovel their snow
Laundry time
Want to wake me up with your sex early in the morning? Hope you metal! (L)
Costco Sample Hog
2 guys, 1 girl, and many spoilers
Won't cancel my account? Fine, you can eat $300 in chargebacks
Couple don't want me to lean back on my airplane seat.
You get to merge! And you get to merge! And you get to merge! Everyone gets to merge in front of me!
Women can bedangerously beautiful
Sure, Mother of the Bride, you can have all of the photos you didn’t pay for.
Showing off nudes of your girl are you? I'll make sure you enjoy the full consequences of that!
GTA IV revenge.
My grandma said my parents never gave a her Christimas present.
How can I stop an asshole from parking his SUV in front of my house?
I didn't know glasses make you old.
A Grave Mistape
Not in a hurry
Teacher is abusive to class, class gets its own back...
why didn't we think of this before
Not gatorade bitch
Oh you don’t want to move your cars? I’ll tow it thenWanna help me get my petty revenge
Wifes fuckboy
Irritate with noise all day, I file a noise complaint
Some petty laundry revenge on my housemate
Kids rearrange neighbors house while they're away on vacation.
Can't get a direct revenge from my brother? Fine.
Wanna invade my personal space? Fine, I'll be sure to leave a dirty footprintv on your nice khakis.
All up in yo hair
That time my friend's phone was swarmed with d*ck pics
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
A drunk man comes into my store late? Have fun picking up your card in the morning!
How a German City Found an Absolutely Genius Way of Handling Neo-Nazis
My finest petty revenge.
Subway Revenge
Be an asshole to me, get put on r34. (NSFW)
Incompetent repair guy damages my stuff, I keep the blow torch that he forgot as compensation.
Hope you miss those 10 cents!
I did an evil thing on the way to the library.
Crazy Old Guy wants to use TV, so I let him.
STOP STEALING MY MILK
(http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1k48oe/whats_the_rudest_or_meanest_thing_a_stranger_has/cbl9efv)
Talk shit, I'll ground you.
Dumb little revenge on WASPy bitch.
Petty revenge gone wrong, mea culpa.
Flatmate hides a bill from us, ends up paying for all of it
Undecorated a Christmas tree
Upstairs neighbors decided to watch a loud action movie at 3am.
Complain to the rental company about my overgrown lawn? Enjoy waking up to the sound of the mower every other Saturday
A friend would not stop saying "Never forget," so I made sure they never forgot.
All My Indifference Are Belong to You. Part II The attempted revenge of Mrs Jones.
Person driving like a tool on the highway..
I sent my cheating ex wife to jail
Treat us bad at work? We’re your new competition!
Shitbag Chronicles part 2.5 ASCII Goatse
Oh, you're too busy to take out the trash?
A little quarantine revenge for your quarantine.
I got fired through a phone call. They also said they overpaid me and want money back.
Getting a small amount of revenge on my irritating roommate!
Don't warn me? I won't warn you.
Ruin our lawn get evicted simple as that
My grandmother's neighbor screamed at me for parking in the street, she ruined his reputation in the community and he'll be getting some new neighbors with a lot of guests
My Revenge on a Classmate in My AG Class
Hope you enjoy luke warm coffee!
Husband can't put his clean laundry I folded away...
Take my sister's sticker? Have some broken chocolate
I left a surprise for my cheating ex
Exposed him online
Lady let’s her dog shit on our lawn every morning. I decide to mess with her.
Want to act like pigs with your trash? Fine by me!
My mom gets revenge on her boss
Oh you can't wait patiently? Guess I don't have time to wash my hands.
Ghosted by my friend just before going to jail got him this:
Guy let his dog use my yard as a toilet and wouldn't clean it up
Screwing my ex-fiancee from states away :)
Baseball Field Photographer
Advice? Kinda wanna piss off this guy who used to work with me.
Mmmm, infusions...
Postal Service Failure
Revenge on a New Roommate
Hope this is enough for ya'll
Brother plays music in the shower too loud
Revenge against Twitter troll?
The Haddaway War.
Stop being lazy
You're not going to let the dogs out on MY work day? Smell this!
Cheating ex tried to land me with a huge phone bill so I ratted to his mother
Wanna have that attitude? Let me be petty, real quick...
Cockroach revenge
Drive like a jackass? Enjoy your ticket.
No food for you!
So the SO and I share the car at the moment....
Giving Smarmy Teach a taste of his own Meds
Revenge sweeter than a Müsli barGot bullied for 3 years, never got bullied anymore
Make our lives hell? Enjoy shoveling ice!
The Biggest Shit
I find my revenge most satisfying when the victim has no idea.
Freshmen are petty
My Ex Best Friend Is Getting Married
Petty roommates
Bully my friend? Get wormed.
Sour carpets
be a self centered bitch? fine. don’t ask me for anything
Cut in on my fights, will you? Not today, cheater.
I traumatised my roommates into cleaning up their crap
MY FRIEND USED ME
Lady keeps bothering me as I'm putting groceries away, so I take longer than necessary
Group mate didn't help with the project, so he gets to present it alone
Terrorize the whole school, lose your chances at becoming Homecoming Queen.
The day I threw a pebble.
Managed to get a thief to pay and ship my phone back to me.
You really had it coming - Venting
Can’t be quiet while having sex? Enjoy a performance.
Don't like what I wear to school? Fine then go blind.
You’re now locked out off of your locker.
cashier decided to have a little fun with a line cutter.
REVENGE AGAINST THE RUGMAN
Completely Ignoring The Existence of My Housemate/Coworker
Book Hog
Always be loud as fuck and never shut up
I see one right there......
Moving day revenge.
His loss my Gain
On time, yessir!
You reveal my secrets I will tell everyone your secrets
Too fat to run
WARNING!! THIS SITE COULD CONTAIN SOME NUDE PHOTOS SOMEONE YOU KNOW
Before or after u get your revenge--psych up with this. Bring it On!!
Pantry Problems
my staff was late home due to his own lazyness
Asshole driver meets milkshake
Mean religion elementary teacher had it coming
What's that unusual flavor?
My asshole teacher docks me points for spelling my name incorrectly, so I steal his pens and markers
The WiFi and Poo
if you don't mind doing me a favor
Petty revenge and a argument
Park on the path? I’m still going round.
Don't argue with my sister
Drunk driver gets hit by drunk driver
Dropped my sibling off at the wrong house.
Dont treat the person who opens the door badly.
Be mindful of the people who clean up after you.
Girl gave his guy a handy in the back of a shuttle ride, I have him a shrimp dick
The toilet paper roll
Enjoy your journey home in the shitty weather!
Honk your horn at us impatiently? We will make you wait at the next red light.
My brother sets his alarm to an unreasonably time, and leaves never turns it off
Made it look like his company website had been hacked
I owe you money, do I?
Hurry up?
Dorm neighbours fuck each other every night at 1am. This is why you shouldn't do that, with this guy in the room next door!
Petty Revenge Request: Community group members keep posting religious messages after being requested to stop
I had to wait nearly 20 years, but I got my revenge.
petty revenge in line
It was extremely childish, but I enjoyed every minute of it.
Mom yells at me for watching anime since it brainwashes you and gets karma
Run a red light in front of me? Talk to the cop who's just behind me.
i gave my sister a bottle covered in giraffe slobber
Don’t wait for a pedestrian who’s already in the road to cross safely? Enjoy cleaning your car, asshole!
Downvoted, lets share the love
Want to blame your porn search on my older brother? I hope you like it on your computer
Steal My Weed, get caught on film.
Copy me? Into the trash your art goes, honey.
She took my lip gloss but my petty revenge satisfied me
Trash talk me at work and then have the balls to see if I have headache meds? Enjoy your hangover buddy. ..
Cheater wants her money, I want revenge.
Cocky kid taunts us throughout dodgeball, I got back in a stupid but spectacular way + why he didn’t get payback.i
You wanna treat me like shit? Here, have some shit then.
Don't be rude to me when you're this obvious
Petty Cashier
Put the wrong trash in the neighbours wrong bin and hopefully maggots.
Won’t shower? Alright, have a taste of your own medicine!
Kid spills my drink, so I get revenge.
You think I don't want change? Fine.Someone keeps stealing my lunch...
Fuck people who talk during movies.
Getting Cut Off by a Semi-Truck
Kindergarten Capers
Please do the work the manager has assigned. Or I'll make you work more difficult
Waist the hot water, I'll remember that
Bus Driver refuses to let delicious coffee on board, so I get her punished by her boss
Petty revenge in the food line
I'm a punk because I can't help you? Okay...
My best friends ex
Stuck in apartment with a loud neighbor during lockdown? Try this
I have been betrayed
Person takes over my discord server and demotes me.
Let your dogs poop in our yard? Face some shitty revenge.
I hope you like No Doubt
Sorry (Not Sorry)
I got revenge on a jerk
"Screw off." The customer is king!
A free sample hoarder can't handle the heat.
Douche Teammate gets what's coming to him
Neighbours decide to have a fire every hot day of lockdown, we smoke them out in return
W.T.F is that smell!
Revenge at the drive-through
Don't let the trapped cars merge into your lane? I'll block it and make you wait instead!
Security guard ripped up my painting
Brew the coffee
Fat bitch wants more butter in her popcorn
My last day at the restaurant...
Drunken neighbor hit's friend's car, acts nice at first, then refuses to pay up
Petty revenge by my professor
Don't have to worry about a wait time anymore.
Enjoy your room buddy boyo
Dorm treasure hunt.
You want attention? Fine.
Summer Sardines
Call me and insult me: lose your number
My gmail address is a fairly common word and gets used frequently when people just make up an address, resulting in me getting their email
Man cuts into airport queue and gets shamed
Block half the water fountain, eh?
An eye for an eye and hair for hair.
Not sure if this belongs in r/prorevenge so posting it here.
my dog hates running
My friend smacks his slips
Rude to girlfriend, get pinkeye
I cant wait to see her face when she comes back to work.....
Keeping my seat in the upright position... not a chance.
More annoying than thou, Catan edition
K-8 Bully Ends Up @ My HS
I Upset You? Lol K Sorry
You say I don't know about computing? Ok, enjoy how I erase all your data.
Your driveway? Your problem.
Try to be a creep? Get a new pillowcase. (NSFW)
snitch on me? imma eat your food
Ice Ice Baby
kids are jerks
An old tale of revenge against small town bullies.
I'll slack off if I feel like it, and so will Bill
My Upstairs Neighbors Started Fighting So I Played Them a Song
Neighbor got some to complain about. Then stopped complaining.
Petty Facebook group Drama
Mildly annoy a valet? Two can play that game
School goes harsh on their dress code, so they're gonna have to pay for my accident.
Customer: "Don't work too hard". OK. I won't.
Boy takes a detention to give brother Saturday school
Made Sure the Work Thieves Couldn’t Strike Twice
Go on r/AskWomen to ask about unwanted sexual advances and then Victim Blame.. I'm gonna downvote everything you do.
My friend has put ads up with my number
Pick up your phone when I'm doing you a favor
My friends embarrassed a kid who left me a hate note.
Ruined a guys pizza because he punched me in the face.
Door-to-door Salesman Payback
Get my favorite dinner without me
This isn't even petty or revenge, this was your just desserts...for lunch.
A toothbrush for a donut
Get into my business and hit me? I take away your internet access.
Follow me too closely on the highway? Prepare to feel my wrath.
You Woke me Up Because of your Shitty Reggae? Fine, I'll ruin your BBQ With my awesome Metal
Made my brother uncomfortable
"Reject" me? Have fun in the heat.
You really should pay for your internet.
This is short
So I found the keys to the rental car that I got charged $500 for losing. If I don't get at least a rebate for them or something, I'm 'losing them again' in a rough part of town.
Sending poop to online scammers in Nigeria
Fake GoPro?
Rude Guy at Choir Concert
My flatmates wanted a chore rotation, I followed the chore rotation
You can't write nor speak!
Revenge against a douche using prankdialer
Be a bitch, get mocked.
Drive off while I'm instructing you where to park, enjoy being blocked in.
How Darth Vader enacted my PettyRevenge for me
Go pee yourself.
Maybe better on MurderedByWords?
That’s my turn!
Neighbor is marking dog poop with flags.
Skip my laundry turn? Have fun “fixing” the machine.
You're done with me? I'm not done with you. (2 revenges)
Petty revenge for a parking ticket
I'm leaving the apartment I've lived in for 3 years because my bitch of a roommate claims I'm aggressive.
Man was rude, so he spent a couple bucks extra
me when a sub doesn't allow voting if you're not subscribed
Revenge is a dish served smiling
Insurance wouldn't buy me the glasses I wanted
Drone law argument turned web domain takeover
Jerk woman and her dog...
I was locked out of the bathroom
Park like an asshole?
Sales VP was Such a Jerk we took revenge via taxesGot my boss to pay for my gas
Wanna yell at me about stupid stuff? Hope you like getting yelled at for costs
Gonna be a pain in the ass again? Enjoy having no A/C!
Found my ex-gf's porn page last night.
Some guy ruined the Red Wedding for me. Two years later, I got my revenge.
My teacher's a dick
Threw dad under the bus for checking out porn
Worst Customer I Had (Retail) - I Delayed and Scared Him a Bit
It's a public space, mom!
Don't steal my sanitizer or you'll hit your knees.
Take a picture of my patient? Enjoy shopping for a new phone.
Refuse to play cordially during the semifinals? Fine, you're stuck with me until we both lose due to time.
You know she's kinda right?
Divorcing my buddy. Let me fix your pictures!
Petty Revenge On Queen Bitch Cashier
I donated my eggs to my boyfriend and now he won't pay me
Revenge on friend
Hope you're not thirsty
Get out of my fucking driveway
Be rude to me, and I will force you to be polite.
Minecrafting with Capt. D-Bag
Treat your roommates and best friend like human garbage? Have fun living with auntie.
If you cause unneeded drama in Drama, I won't tell with you what is wrong with your essay.
The driver's seat is NOT a barber chair
Cleanse yourself with my piss, cousin.
Learn to conduct yourself with a bit of respect
Dining Room vs Front Line...
MODS - Can we require TLDR sections here?
Trust exercise gone wrong
People will do anything for a taste of the high life
Won't let me park in the driveway anymore or have any pets? No wi-fi for you !
Sorry...kinda but not reallyTeacher who made fun of us got what was coming to her
Cut in front of me(and 10 other people)? Get banned from the cafe.
Disney Revenge Prank -- Was told this would be welcome here!
You Ruin My Flight, I'll Ruin Yours
Dirty neighborhood politics? Explain it to Jesus.
Abandon your family? Lose something you Love.
Revenge in front of millions
Don't worry, I'll pay
Apps
I made a dude that was always an ass to me pay extra.
Asshole neighbors won't turn music down - smartphone on Edge to the rescue.
I drove right past her
Instant Karma for a restaurant server
cousin, vacation, and early mornings
Barbarian Horde triumphs over Witch Queen
Asshole At Red Lobster Gets what He Deserves
Let the door slam on my face? Enjoy you're elevator ride, bitch.
Dasher tells me, the cashier, I didn't make his food fast enough.
Hope you enjoy your broken candy bar!
Mom tells me to butt-out so i do
Learn to be considerate.
Hope you like getting mooned by trolls.
Beggars Can't be Greedy
Dad blocks youtube app doesn't realize i have google
Petty Revenge on A-Hole Future Brother-in-Law
Annoy me constantly with trash songs, watch what you give me
My customer want have discount, but only small discount and not large discount give
I guess I'll clean....
If you play dirty, so will I
Manspreading? Enjoy your peaceful reading time.
Hit me on the head? I'll be a loving brother then.
Oh, the cold cuts aren't thin enough?
Trying to get me fired? I'll destroy your retirement plans.
Think you can rip off my BF for $500 then file stalking &amp; harassment charges against him? Think again.
Disgusting dressing gown disposal
I did everybodies washing with a broken wrist
Ungrateful sister with guinea pigs.
Roblox scammer gets what he deserves.
Being rude? Have fun taking a freezing cold bath
Laugh me out of your office? Enjoy getting boxed out of your car!
Never in a million years did I think this would happen...
Petty revenge on landlord.
Chinese test revenge!
Don’t want to replace the toilet paper when it’s empty? Ok.
Costco
Charge your own family for a drink? Get your stolen fruit fed to you.
I hope you're good at getting stains out
Making fun of a non-native speaker in front of your English friends? I’ll show what a piece of crap you are.
The Struggle for Study Space
Thanks for the unintentional tip, asshole!
Alcohol and Addiction Rehab Services (NOT!)
Complain about my music while being a piece of shit? Get what you ask for.
Sure I'll help you! Not.
Talk shit? No delicious treats for you!
Subtle revenge on my ignorant coworker.
Revenge tastes like pudding
Coworker thinks she can out petty me?
Lazy Authority, a tale of petty revenge.
Cut in the three hour line for the ferry? I’m filling your car with seagulls.
Cut in line? No tomato for you.
Don't be a Dick, Dick
Not so fast...
Go ahead and keep banging those pots kid and just see what happens.
Want to be a shitty old bitchy teacher and pick on my kid?... Enjoy your diabetes!
Elementary school racist
Kick Us Out at 4:00 am in a scary neighborhood with no place to sleep? Here come the Banshee Parents
Is your brother the kid who....
Rules nazi, pain-in-the-ass, neighbor pays for being such a bitch
Extreme Laundry Revenge
Laundry sent down inside out? Enjoy being inconvenienced later...
No stamps huh?
I'm sorry, but its for your own good.
Winner winner
Try to nut-shot me,kill me, steal a photo from me and be a douche to me?Enjoy moving.
Bully gets kicked in the face and out of school
Best friend's stepmom forces him to cut off all contact from me and gets spammed
A Bit Of A Twist
Sweet revenge over a stolen book
Your lease is your leverage? Let’s fix that.
Enjoy your ice.
Refuse to be quiet? Fine. Shit is gonna go down.
Spiked the spiker
I know you are stealing my food
Asshole in jail wanted my cookies
Ruining my Football team
Stop Waiting For My Parking Spot
Millionaire fight
Try to get me fired? Enjoy being a jobless single mother
Ruin my day? I'll ruin your year.
Park in a disabled space... feel the wrath of a granddad with a wife in a walker.
Want To fight? Get shoved.
My sister RUINED her ex-best friend's wedding dress
Fulfilling a childhood dream (TL;DR at the bottom)
Stealing more than he bargained for
Drive like an impatient ass? Learn some patience while you wait for the elevator.
Just got a prank phone call from some teenagers somewhere. I feel like being petty. Any pros out there want to show them how it's done? I'll pm the number?
Won't remove your mask for me to understand you? Fine, I'll play dumb with you
My Petty Revenge Ended my Parents Marriage and Caused my Dad to Attempt His Life
Stop blocking my service drive! No? Ok... have fun figuring out why your computer won’t work.
Revenge only the way a geologist can do itWant to Dig out the bridge underneath my tank? I'll dig out the bridge underneath your feet.
Forget my name? Imma forget yours too
Try to trip me? Enjoy a sore leg.
Date my ex, mess with me, expect karmic revenge from your own stupidity.
Co-worker tried to pass all the work off to me for an easy day. Found a fun way to force her to do work.
Elitist bass-master wannabe ex brother in law gets served maximum petty as I, a non-fisherman, pull in 42lbs of bass in 2 hours and take the county trophy with a Snoopy pole on a cheap rowboat through a complex scheme just to piss him off.
You can keep it! 😂
Say bye-bye to fun
Harassing person given a taste of their own medicine
Did you really just call me gay?
How I made a weirdo stop shoving garbage through my mail slot.
Save 20 seconds by inconveniencing me = I will waste 5 minutes of your time
I hate the person buying my house. I want to make it awful for them when they move in. Ideas??
A very petty former-employee
Don't mess with your pizza man.
My proudest most pettiest moment with an entitled customer
Use my Xbox account and buy games on my card? Fine, I won't let you play them.
Damn phone scammers can work for it
I may be an asshole but something had to be done
Dangerous Driver Nearly Killed Me and Family Twice
My poetry lacks 'depth' and 'clarity' you say?
Apple Watch Shenanigans
Voted for Brexit because Immigrants? Enjoy Netflix the fascist channel.
Ignore this post. Just marking it here to know that I need to subscribe later when I get home.
Someone owes me $4k
Save all your shit for our walks? Hope you enjoy carrying it.
Don't want to turn stuff in? Fine. Enjoy not getting paid.
I got a police officer ticketed for illegal parking!
Taught a coworker a lesson
Chatty Drunk Cathy misses the end!
Staying in 1st Class?? No Problem....
Close to failing
Car seller wouldnt return my deposit
Treat me like shit? No more car rides for you!
Man accuses us of breaking his car mirror
SMS me with advertising at 1:51 AM? Sure, I'll respond at the same time tomorrow.
Butterflies, Everywhere
Steal my food? Enjoy a burning tongue!
Wanna be a huge douchebag? Then how about I break your precious Xbox?
Tried to get your laundry done in a hurry? Now it's not getting done at all.
Want to steal my water? I hope you like the color blue
Rude cop gets what's coming to him
Door to door delivery
Moved into messy sublet, made their Spotify a top Post Malone fan
Take our buses, make my roommate try to kill himself... I'll take the thing you love dearest...
My petty revenge against my niece
Accuse me of theft, enjoy waiting on your packages
The correlation between dirty dishes and dead plants
I thought of an awesome way to fuck with my roommates
Don't fuck around when I'm eating a good steak.
You take my money I'll take your food
Royal Jackass Tries to Park His Car Illegally
Won't send me my rebate, I'll meet you at your office.
Going to yell, swear and pick an argument with others just because your team is then you will get asked to leave
Lactose laxatives leechers
Pull a bait-and-switch on me? Enjoy your bad reviews.
Steal money? There's a way to even it out.
Should I wreck this plagiarist?
Very petty revenge, but it sure made me feel better.
Dont steal my food
Karen tries to brag about her son and gets hit with the harsh truth
Hope you like the spicy version! Enjoy! XD
bedsheets
Jaywalkers don't get Starbucks
Woke up to poop smeared on my car
Guy trying to make a quick buck
Buddy of mine used to always turn off the internet at work to piss off our director.
All I needed was to drop concealer.
I wasn't even involved, dreams over.
Sure XGF But I Think With a Twist and Accidental
My petty Grandma
Be careful who you tell to F off.
short and petty email based revenge
My stepsister was a real bitch
Be inconsiderate? I will mildly inconvenience you.
The drive thru
Thats how you get ants!
Paranoid neighbors? Don't mind me, I'm just inviting the whole neighborhood via Craigslist
Going to leave your empty shower gel bottles hanging in the shower or old toilet roll tubes lying around? Have fun using the sink.
You should have made noodles earlier!
An ex gf's bday and her underage man friend.
My classmate always gets me late to class, so I made them miss the entire thing
Gonna be an asshole? I'll ruin your Christmas present.
Postage and Poop
Steal my Hue Lights? Enjoy your new, earlier wake up time. :)
My school is a snob
owners PA keeps snitching on me. ok. fine
Won't give me my money? I'll make you
My neighbor can't put their bin back after collection
YouTube Lawyer to Sue US Government
Deny me WIFI and bathroom access will you?
Next time use a different dryer, Leave my laundry alone.
"Minimum wage employees dont need tips"If I can't wear your glasses, nobody can.
How my entire class got rid of our bad hypocrite teacher and ruined her teaching career.
Call me names? I'll ruin your day!
Glorious, glorious revenge was had this day. (from /u/Amazon_Alpha_Bitch on /r/childfree)
I catfished my ex bf with dates from grindr.
I’ll take the receipt if you really insist
Housemate was playing loud music at 10 PM last night so this morning I decided to hoover at 6.30.
She stopped hanging out with me when I became a single mom. Her friends have settled down now and she wants to hang out again
You don't tip? Enjoy cold pizza
Don't insult your only employee if you don't know how to manage your own business.
*Wink*
Make me miss my elevator ride to 8th floor? Have fun stopping at each floor!
Co-worker lunch thief eats Dog Biscuits
Don't want to contribute to a final report in forensics class? Okie dokie.
Free Snacks in the Workplace!
Lazy, entitled former coworker hasn't changed at all, which might have cost her a good career.
Here's what I do with your dog crap....
Short story, the most passive aggression.
I'll stop you enjoying yourself.
When "people" tell me "I'll never shop here again". "I" say "thank you".
This person scammed me
You don't care i'm not going? Okay.
I bullied the annoying kid in my school in the most subtle way possible
You keep coming to my room when i'm naked?
Frequent Airport Revenge
Bathroom Shenanigans
Delete my episodes? I'll send your movies to the Twilight Zone.
The pettiest of petty
Get me in trouble? I'll get you back.
Park in front of my cart walk in the rain.
Reckless, but still I think petty petty revenge.
Prevented the guy in front of me on a long coach ride putting his chair back without asking
Got a jerk receptionist when I called a business. Need Help
Wanna hump my bumper? Hope you like going the speed limit
You Will Pay
Why Yes, These *Are* New Shoes!
A little dad joke makes for a very petty revenge.
Stop letting others jump the queue.
You gonna act like a bitch, you gonna get a potato like a bitch.
Using your phone and being entitled about it? Petty revenge incoming.
A Gentle Kitchen Punishment
A Pink Water-Bottle, a Creeper, Naked Women, and David Hasselhoff.
Hurt me emotionally? I'll hurt you emotionally.
insane elementary school teacher kicks me out on my first day of school ~
Enjoy your nacho feet
Covered my ex bestie in sparkling water in an "accident"
Prom night dumpster baby goes home to mommy
I had to wait 20 years, but I got my revenge.
That's what you get for throwing me across a room
Withholding high fives
You say you're not hitting snooze all morning and ruining my sleep?
Trash your landlord get screwed
Tailgate me? Enjoy having a few seconds added on to your commute
Select "Forget this network."
Italian Army problems...
Have fun licking yourself for 10 minutes
Hope you don't have too much trash this week.
Mess with me, face the council.
Malicious Compliance
Drunk Driving Teen Gets an Interesting Surprise in the Morning.
Belittle me? Have fun fixing your brother's mirror!
Passive agressive petty college roommates
This is Target, Not a Dog Park
Petty revenge on rude and annoying children at a soccer camp
I get petty revenge on a small-time bully.(REPOST)Roommate was being an ass about $125 increase in rent so I spite him
Very Petty: Won't hire me? Fine, then I'll leave your survey takers standing on my doorstep.
Start drama? Watch this.
Mess with my relationship? Lose your chance to have one and most of your friends
Ungrateful school/principal
Keep my stuff again, I dare you
Former Classmate Who I Hate Tries To Talk To Me On The Bus And I Report Her To The Bus Driver Who Yells At Her
Builders dump stuff in front of my office door. Builders lunch now paints the walls.
(x-post Pro-Revenge) Guy with baby keys my car, is now center of felony criminal damage and assault investigation
Fridge Fight
Sure, I'll be happy to not help you! (x-post from Malicious Compliance)
Say no more
I was about to do you a favor, until you got pushy
If you're going to be impatient you can wait longer.
Pinch my GF's butt? we'll see about that
Distracted driving? Enjoy paying your toll!
Neighbor bullied me, got my revenge
Bitchy coworker revengeCheat on me with a coworker, get an email sent to corporate.
Every dog has its day.
Friends are family
To the assholes who seem to need two spots for their cars
The universe inflicted it's own petty revenge on a tow truck driver for me
Harass me, proceed to slander my name and pull the victim card every opportunity you can? Kiss your reputation goodbye
Don't Steal Assigned Parking
Make me wait an hour and then don't show up? Hope you like pigeons
Put your seat back on a 7 hour budget flight? Have fun with that sore back of yours.
Welcome to the apartment community - I hope you enjoy your private parking spot.
I crop dusted nearly an entire aisle of a movie theater when I was in high school.
Guy on Xbox sends me hateful messages and insults my friends in party on Friday the 13th: The Game
Give Me Your Energy Drink
Revenge on a bitchy "aunt"
band director is stupid
Interrupt my Sleep? I'll destroy your movie.
Going to be a bunch of back-stabbing jackasses for just a couple extra resources on an online game? Have fun with some “interesting” new map features I deployed just for you.
Don't think you can say whatever in a foreign tongue. Someone might understand you.
Invade my personal space? Do some work before you sleep!
Racist old lady
Annoy me and get your clay owl smashed
Revenge of annoying aunts
I’ll take you to court for breaking into my house bc I won’t go out with you on a date. Judge believed me, but I didn’t get mine. Talking in your gay voice will only get you so far. This town knows you’re a predator that preys on young girls and you will be prosecuted by the people just believe that
My girlfriend moved all my stuff around...
Make me pay the .23 cents... take this
Allergic to cleaning?
Swim teacher strikes back
Guy screwed with a whole platoon, we decided to screw him back.
Stink bug revenge
Don't start shit, won't be shit
Shoot my house with a paintball gun? Consequences.
Cooped up
Want to eat me eggs? Hope you like buying milk.
Pro Revenge... Fired? Are you sure? OK.
Delete my game you’ll regret itI made a math comeback to an insult and the person hasn’t responded yet. Did I win?
The bean juice incident
Rude to my wife? Enjoy your moment of self doubt
Pettyrevenge goldmine (x-post from askreddit)
Don't lie to me, amigo
I'm not allowed a cheeseburger? That's cool.
Try to shaft me on a car loan? I'll nickel and dime you for all eternity.
wedgie me? I wedgie you back 7 times greater(felt kind of bad though but hey KARMA SUX DONT IT?)
Car parked in a motorcycle bay
I showed him who was boss.
Current petty revenge in progress. The airport edition.
You shall not pass.... Without waiting around 4 minutes give or take...
Erol On "Targeted-Individuals"
I'm not paying you for a book that I didn't receive
Skiing revenge! or why you shouldn't be an asshole.
revenge on a shite parking job
Don't use my account
Rotten kids in the apartment above
Revenge on a Panic-Prone Manager
It's for Science!
Aggressive Driving = Door Close
Guess who is on Santa’s naughty list?
Want to pretend to be a dummy, well no cruise for you.
My 1st sergeant was a jerk to me for two years. Then I saw my chance
A small act of revenge.
You were a complete bitch to my fiancé? Here, have fun puking!
Revenge is a dish best served... homeless?
Yes, we can get you in right away.
Steal 3 hours of my day... enjoy your totaled vehicle.
Make fun of my name, Hooters girl?
You spoil I spoil
A little revenge over a ditch
Failed revenge attempt...
Don't throw the controller
Helped lady at Post Office get petty revenge
R/PettyRevenge Where OP Gets revenge on her sisterR/PettyRevenge Where OP Gets revenge on her bully sister
GREAT, ENORMOUS STORAGE SPACE...itty-bitty possessions
Road rage or petty revenge?
Won't clean up? No cups for you.
Master of YOUR Domain.
Spoil a show for me? I'll just spoil one for you too.
Be a piece of **** teacher? Cause issues with my personal life? No problem!
University Professor has game
Vindictive assistant manager.
Rude at the gym? Enjoy wiping off my sweat.
My little sister continuously was using my toothpaste and leaving the cap off; so I got a pair of pliers and tightened the cap every time I brushed my teeth.
I'm so sorry I got in the way of you embezzling the McMoney ;(
Roommate was rude for no reason, her pizza is extra salty now.Roommate was rude, his pizza is over
Letting my car take one for the team
Unique name? Didn't buy your domain? Your SEO will now enjoy a dose of tubgirl.
Cuss at my parents and trash my neighborhood? Meet my slingshot, fuckers.
Thanks for the Sprite!
Hog machines for 12 hours? Fine then, redo your laundry.
This is called an alarm clock bomb
If you’re gonna be a creep you deserve to get sick.
My brother is not coming for Christmas now and I couldn't be happier.
If you continuously elbow and pelvic thrust at me during a concert, don't expect to get away with it.
Don't litter around my Dad
Disregard my personal space? Well, lady, you can eat a fart!
It's not always about you
You cheated on me? Good luck finding a job.
Parking for Shitheads, Mum Style
Revenge was different back then
Make my Aunt get rid of her dogs? Enjoy being harassed and having your property destroyed!
Have fun being Grandmas new IT dude
My mom and I battle to see who is more petty
Hot Pockets
Up Here
A flight over a crazy Ex Boss Karen's nest
Steal my saved up money? Say goodbye to your account.
You hate guns? Well fuck you too then. Sorry I’m bad with titles
Oh, you want to trash talk me?
Skateboarder gets rolled!
Substitute teacher ranks students
Friendship ruined by booty call gone bad; returned his birthday present and donated the money to his least favourite cause
Stop stealing my stuff, and I'll stop hiding your things.
Can’t wait for the game to end, no tv for anyone.
Steal my milk once, retch the second time.
I'm trying to make one right now
My old foster brother
Instant karma for running a red light
You get what you give.
(Request) I have a person phone number. I really don't like them. Anything I can do to mess with them?
Come in drunk off your ass and don't know what you want? You might not like your poo tomorrow morning...
Petty revenge at the social security office.
X-Post from IDWHL
Be a self entitled cunt, have a crummy floor.
Teacher moved my seat, so I made a plan.
Tailgater.
3 kids, 1 sis, 1 petty revenge
revenge cottage style
Tales of an Ex-Boy Scout: Popcorn over Cookies.
Oreos damage paint jobs.
Like music? We’ll you’re gonna love my operatic puppy
Dont piss off the casual gamer.
Santa doesn’t give gifts to bad kids
My revenge on an aweful teacher
petty revenge against a non-tipper
2 petty revenges in one afternoon
We will totally send you a copy of our cd!
Trying to ruin my grade? Look out for your job then
My Art Teacher is Quite the Intellectual
Bathroom use is my right as a customer, bitch
Illegal dumping is a petty crime, and deserves petty revenge.
Shit I did to my roommate.
Generallypositive deals with a douchebag (X-post from r/AskReddit)
I'm sorry, am I blocking your lane?
Track Everything
Deadpool Monopoly leads to pettiness
I get revenge on a girl who stole thousands from a store we worked at
hypocrite got banned from discord
Sad Asian nurse wants boyfriend
Asshole co-workers and boss get what's coming to them
Pool Day Problems
Double revenge
"OP" used Bide on Bully. "Its super effective" TLDR below
You try to bully me, i'll bully you too!
Your son kicks his dogs? Enjoy being investigated by the animal cruelty division by the local police.
They pissed me off,then allowed a situation to develop where I'm in charge of making the coffee.
ITAKE BACK MY STAR TREK ONLINE ACCOUNT AFTER IT'S HACKED, ENTITLED MOTHER DEMANDS I GIVE IT BACK BUT GET'S HER OWN SON BANNED INSTEAD.
Mess with my world, and I'll mess with yours
Don't distance, get gassed
Good friend/roommate decides he wants to sleep with my ex
Just started college and my roommate sucks. Looking to get revenge.
No sleep for me? No clothes for you!
If you eat my food, lock me in the basement and actively fuck with my shelf space, you'll never have electricity again.
Ex and former friend want to hookup days after our breakup? Lemme call out that garbage in front of our class.
Don't be an ungrateful, self-centered jerk.
Your Fake Credit Card Calls = My Fake Lawyer
So sorry to interupt the sex you're having on my bed.
Try to sneak in extra charge, you can just take it back
Refrigerated Moron
I should delete it
Why I don’t trust a certain MC realm owner with Discord perms anymore
McDon’t Mess with my Hungry Ass
No bread for you
To the Security Guard taking all my free food
Constantly disrupt the entire class? Enjoy my fly-by farts.
Rip to my “Best Friend”
Mess With My Food? Have Fun Being Expelled
Revenge of the little guys
Petty Revenge at the Beach
my bully hacks my computer, ends up with no friends and super bad grades.
Don’t take my head injury seriously? I’ll paint the walls in Vomit
No one knows how to set a timer for their laundry
75 cents is all I needed.
Queue You.
Two-footed driver crawling down the road? Deal with THIS!
Do unto others....(traffic revenge)
Of hard-hats, and Post-It notes, and a slightly dirty Waterloo..
Eight ball corner pocket
Don't Honk at Me
I Quit instead of taking a promotion
Angry Locals vs. Snobby Tourists. FIGHT!
oh I walk slow too you ignorant twat
Pizza Hut Refuses to Place Order
Moving Special: No Office for You!
I gave my brother a haircut....
My dispatcher called and woke me up for absolutely no reason. So I called him back and did the same.
my main encounter with an entitled parent 2 (petty revenge)
Receipt for the money, then the money? How about no?
http://imgur.com/jU375ML - Delivery guy posts customer's phone number and will shit in her food next time!
What beautiful fireworks
Wanted dimes? Too bad you were an ass!
Pretty easy... Huh.
Cheaters don't get keys
Beat up my stores merchandise? sorry, 10% restock fee.
Accused of being bully, I'll take my years of hard work with me after being bullied by the accusers
i got a scammer in trouble
shocking discovery when rain is yellow
My teacher took my away my phone
How's that for an expensive drink?
This isn't that great but I guess it counts
The Comeuppance of the Bureaucrat Karen
There was a real petaq on the highway yesterday.
Park like an a-hole? No worries, hope you can climb.
Don't treat me like a human being...okay I hope you like email!
Yell at me. I will follow policy to hurt the business.
Get your OWN wheelie bin!
Pop figure war
Elementary Bully
My teacher wronged me, then someone wronged him.
Mind games with my wife's boss
You're late for dinner? I'm letting someone else get the door!
Fucking with Storage Place for 20 years.
I don't mean to be a badass, it just comes naturally.
Shitty revenge on my thieving roommate via my clever dog
Need some help
In it for the coupons? No more for you!
Using a Parent's Unique Parenting Method to Exact Petty Revenge.
One way to tell a cheater...
Is it petty revenge when you get the other guy to do it to himself?
Teacher insisted I learn a lesson. I learn the wrong lesson and waste their lunch break.
Crackhead revenge of pure pettiness
I discovered that my food was racism repellant, so I used it to my advantage
Next time fill up the ice trays
Unapologetic about one of your party guests pissing on my car? That's cool, I've already got my revenge.
Bully me, don't get a job
I dug through a coworkers comment history to give him gold, out of spite.
At work, they started blocking music streaming sites to "save bandwidth"...my co-worker is getting his petty revenge...
I need revenge
It's generally not a good idea to call your DD a whore...
Petty Revenge on Horseback
Text revenge on an old friend
Revenge on iPod Thief
Two tales of very petty revenge against bad drivers at my security gate.
A reminder. This is PETTY revenge. Not I got you fired or suspended revenge.
Can't wait? then wait 5 minutes (or more)
Enjoy your carry out
The time I busted my friends ex for drugs
Evil Teacher Gets Fired And Publicly Shamed
Maybe you'll learn to put your shit away Jimmy.
Toxic friend rages at me. On online game, have fun with a free loss.
Stinky dick hand on my face? Have a load of cum.
Nope, I don't have anything better to do.
Beat all my times in Wave Race 64? Now they're gone.
Good luck, Steve.
Shut down half the department
Petty Neighbors, let's hear your stories.
Turn down my bro rudely at a party? You can't have this bear
Get drunk? Get the mutilated peach for dessert!
Won't you be my neighbor?
Block my garage, I egg your car
Ex-employer doesn't pay me? Get reported for tax fraud.
Careful how you treat food service employees
Serving up some petty revenge.
Enjoy the view, asshole
So you don't like the way I parked...
You break the rules, I supply karma
Bitch games get shit prizes
Petty revenge on drunk guys on train
Very Minor Petty Roommate Revenge
Teachs you not to eat my steak.
Keep Asking for Notes, Good Luck on the Final
AskReddit thread with lots of excellent revenge stories
Crazy Ass Neighbor almost KILLED MY DOG!
Stop leaving piss in the damn toilet.
Roommate’s Underwear
This is a repost I thought this belongs here
She started it, we are gonna end it.
Someone was a dick to me once so I proceeded to take the time out of my day to downvote every single one of his comments.
Delivery company wasted my time so I'll waste my time disrupting your service.
Try to Steal My Identity? I Will Make Your Documents Disappear.
Steal my popcorn, I steal your chocolate biscuits
I don't hear anything, do you?
Fine - just let your dog run loose...
I ruined my brother's game
A girl i talked to for a while became toxic and is now a hater. I now wanna be petty.
Counter-thieving at its pettiest
Kid's Trap Backfires
So, you want my recyclables?
Petty revenge on a lazy coworker.
I work at Subway
Asshole kid at school has to thank me for nearly breaking his wrist.
Guest at amusement park complains that rides are too short, I give him what he wants
Friend(not anymore) annoys me and kicks me from party so I get him a communication ban.
Cut off and chewed out
Kid sprays me with water, gets detention
Have fun at the end of 5th grade.
Repost because first was deleted.
Push your knees into the back of my airplane seat? I'm going to crush your knees for the rest of the flight.
Sweet Fried Revenge
Picture it: California, 1964...
Barista's revenge!
A Tea Sipping Petty Revenge on my ex-roommate
Going to shove me on my way to class? I'll slow you down a bit.
Vegetarian Revenge: A Dish Best Served With Crackers
Steal my left over food? Get food poisoning
I quit on my boss with Perfect Timing
Tell us we'll fail? Have your quiz crashed.
Carny Revenge
This Evil Tarot Reader Destroyed My Friend, Now I will Destroy her Channel
Thank you second grade
A bug’s revenge
College Prank on Jerk
High school teacher staring at someones end.
BF helps Karma along in this tale of revenge. *Originally posted in Pro Revenge
Wakey, wakey!
Some ideas on blocking parametric speaker/ultrasonic harassment?
My stomach was acting up during an exam. This is my petty way of saying "Nobody fucks with my test" to my own gut.
Passengers think they are always right ...
Prankster gets a greased plan.
Need the computer? AND the shower? Huh.
Call me stupid? I internally laugh at your germaphobia.
How I deal with phones in a movie theater.
Yes, even shoe store employees can have some fun.
I lucked out with the parking authority, and got my annoying loud neighbours a whopping ticket for boxing me in.
Maybe next time just leave a message?
Whatever floats your boat.
Name dropper gets own by sister-in-law
Want to bite me when I'm offering you a treat? Fine, no more peanuts.
How to deal with someone who parks over the line.
Suspend me for no reason I’ll just wait for Khama to take its course and boy did it.
Taking 2 parking spaces are we .... not TODAY!
I’m looking for a discreet revenge
Oh, did you want a donut?
Snowed
College Dining Hall Revenge
Block the key pad in the lift? Enjoy a crop dusting
The time for negations has come and past
In a hurry to catch your movie, are you?
I use parental controls to pause internet access to the bedroom TV and all my wife’s devices when we have an argument and she storms upstairs
Accidental Revenge
Who's stupid now?
What’s the pettiest thing you’ve done to get back at a work colleague?
Arm up in flames
So you like living rent-free? Get ready for hell.
Half-assed Ass.
You want tomato sauce? Sure, but you’ll have to work for it.
Flying shovel for the win.
Vegan food
Have a dumb strict rule? Let me not do that my last week of work.
Psn account of abusive boyfreind mine now
ruined a transphobe's texters
Tardiness is enough to make me rage, but start insulting customers &amp; volunteers.... P.S. Watch what you post on FB ;)
You fire my wife, I'll take whats mine and yours.
Tyred Of Your Pettiness
Company Turned Shitty, Dad Clapped Back
Letting them enjoy the hangover
My telekinetic middle finger
Refuse to work and take out rotten pumpkins? I make it so you are forced to.
She felt like such a badass.
Keep on smiling!
I wasn’t bullying her, She’s in the wrong class, and grade!
Person gets salty in a game called Eclipsis on Roblox, and I break their priority beacon twice, which causes them to break.
One lane roads are the best
Wanna cause a scene? I'll start taking pictures.
Turn down the music.
Quarantine doesn’t mean bad parking goes away.
Only e-mail me Fridays after 5 p.m.? Two can play that game.
I sign my ex up for giveaways/sweepstakes.
Lemme get uuuuuuuuuuh.
Middle schooler has no balls of his own
7th grader touches my bass guitar, I get him suspended
"go talk to your girlfriend we don't wanna talk to you!" lemme take you up on that offer....
Take over the living room? Enjoy your static cling!
I have no sympathy for their bullshit
short guy that insults and bullies me... good comeback ?
Fuck you and your pizza
Going to drive your truck like an asshole? Have fun getting it back
Sorry - I sold it for more than you were offering
Miss two-face
Its a fuckin newspaper, lady
Dont do any work? Enjoy failing class.
Dodge my emails and phone calls? Have fun putting in extra hours to complete a training module that I have the answer key for.
Upstairs Nightmare
Mean lady claimed single parent w kids was not a family
Mt sister ate rotten/gone off watermelon
Bought water just for myself, because she told me to.
Not quite petty revenge on a bully.
Mess with me? Hahaha that's funny...
Blast your music at 4:30am? Enjoy mine.
When r/india mods gets owned
So I txted the guys family...
So you wanna snoop in your daughters texts?
Steal my deodorant and no one gets it
Ex Wife stuck with large Medical Bill
Don't want to remove your moldy Mercedes from my driveway? Enjoy it in front of your new GF's mini-mansion.
FatApp Ploy
Refuse to take more passengers like a remorseless twat? Watch out
Trash my car and I trash your pants.
Gave angry homophobic coworker appropriate bumper sticker.
Someone scammed me so I scammed him way harder
Verbal Judo
Custodians didn't feel like taking out the trash
Roommate wouldn’t take care of his dog so I was petty
You're mean. I'm going to assault you nasally and mentally. (NSFW just in case)
Spoil the lesson? Spoil your movie.
From Microsoft, you say? Faulty connection, you say?
Gym Guys who think they are the big I AM.
Room mate turning on the AC in winter
Photographer learned not to mess with me. I doxxed him and get him suspended
Bank of money
Throw trash out of your car? Good luck fishing it out of your tailpipe.
Random guy let the air out of my tires (x-post from r/JusticePorn
touch football scammer on Vancouver Craigslist; Help! Please flag
Getting back at bully, who bullied me for being gay
Cutting into a long line of traffic waiting to exit an interstate?
Don't do your job, get your shoes filled with oil
Loud townhouse neighbors get a dose of their own medicine
Mess with bar staff then you can wait an extra 10 minutes for your drinks.
Employer refuses to change workvans bald tires
Merging
A little Hulu Horror
Want to ride my bumper? Enjoy the ticket!
Spread rumors and then this
jerk makes fun of my clothes in elementary schoo
Racist Uncle Gets Banned
It not your room, it's our room
I have the power
The nerd and the straw boss
I will teach children bad habits, just for you ya old bag.
A satisfying smidge of pettiness
Let my 18year old step son leave the house with a visible shit stain in his draws
Spill cola on my seat? Enjoy your show
6am Means 6am
Oh no...I REALLY should watch what I say around young children.
You're going to bully a little girl and spit water in her face at the water park? Prepare for the tempest.
Making a stand against a stuck-up High School teacher, who tried really hard to suppress any and all ideas that may question her authority on the matter; simply because she was no authority, having having next to zero knowledge in her field.
🔑
Keep me and the kids up til 4:00 AM before church? How do like Carmina Burana...on endless repeat?
Talk like your jacked up? Why don't I let you cause a backup.
Help Me Make Them SUFFER:
Guy tailgates me, ends up hitting a trash can
That’s the most longest revenge i’ve done
"No...I don't think I will." - Capt America
Sometimes the best revenge is a really nice lawn.
Crusade for Revenge!
I'll do it back
You’re gonna be a racist and a hypocrite? Okay then.
Mess with me, I'll mess with your internet
Don’t wanna pay me for shoveling your snow well have some more
Think you're smarter than me? I'll read an ENTIRE book every day for a year to prove you wrong.
Playing your music constantly? I can be an insensitive jerk too, you know.
Jeep Bully
Mind your surroundings...
Petty Parking Revenge on Serial Parking Offender
The Art of Door Slamming
Kill my minecraft dog. I’ll make you a special gift
Too important to follow the law? Enjoy your coffee!
Your bag is in the way dumb dumb, I hope you like the new color.
Try to walk out on your tab? Guess I'll let the cops deal with it
It takes two to fight? Ok
Abuse me for 12 months enjoy a mental ward
Kill 'em with kindness
Man tries to haggle diver
I reported my ex for child neglect
I may not be as popular as you are, but...
She'll never know
Good morning! News is ready!
Recline your seat in my space? Enjoy a could scalp
How to deal with an annoying religious co-worker
Want to be a dick? Fine, pay for someone else's gas.
Urinal cakes with ex- gf's face on it
Get back to where you once belonged.
Make me pay for my own gift? Silent Treatment.
Cheated on me and now you're on your 5th Divorce.
Enjoy the glitter
Mess with me I’ll get you suspended
Greedy money sucking landlord is now in debt
Party neighbor gets it
Clog the toilet? Good luck getting toilet paper next time.
My highschool sweetheart left me and I crushed his Xmas present dreams.
TP Revenge
Don't drive like an asshole
Pushy woman on the bus
Take out your own trash
Am i being petty in this situation??
No payment for my art? Enjoy the wonky pizza orders.
Throw change at me and call me a dumbass? I’ll waste your time and kick you out.
Be considerate of time zones.
/u/nanokelvin reminded me of my own reading revenge.
PISSING REVENGE
Welcome to the building neighbor!!! "Unbeknown to you" if you want a parking spot you need to pay for it, glad you and your Hyundai figured out where the free parking is.....
Revenge war against my dad
Try and rack up debt against my address? Have your FB profile freely visible? Hope you don't mind if I hand over your personal info to the companies you're trying to steal from
Harass me in my own flat? I'll get you evicted
teacher's pet (I'm the teacher's pet)
Don't piss off the only person who isn't afraid of snakes
Ignore your baby girl? Guess I'll teach her how to talk for you while you're away.
Make me do your job? You're going to have to pay extra for that. (long)
In the Christmas spirit!
Being jealous can come back to bite you.
No this is not Hazel
I got an annoying kid banned from a discord for a yearDon't stop when I ask you to? Enjoy the ride.
Not His Evening Fun
Homecoming prank backfired
Big scary black man
Treat me like a personal maid? I eat your food.
I paid my way here.
Sue us will you? Take our payment!
Bad Referrals to Ex-Boss
Asshole neighbor kept parking in front of my house so I got him back but probably went too far.
Badmouth me to your family? Enjoy my revenge.
Flash your highs at me? You can wait a bit longer.
Ongoing lamp revenge
You like to improve on my recipes? Improve on this.
I don't put up with bullshit.Not good enough
Finally caught a customer dumping something on the shelf
Be passive aggressive? Have some unexpected Cena
Steal my math book because your locker is a shit hole and you can't find yours? Have fun paying a $50.00 fine.
Kept getting telemarketer calls, so I pretended to have phone sex with the guy so I’d get blocked
My cousin's revenge should have been severe, came out petty...
Want to act like a dick? Enjoy the dicks.
My roommate uses my internet to talk badly of me, so I took care of that.
My roommates plan backfires. Revenge is sweet
Don't blame me for not changing the toilet paper
I am a terrible person.
Mistreatment of property
I peed in the parking garage of my company every day for weeks
Man texts entire Shakespeare plays to scammer
A Karen thinks she knows more than the actual people that work there
Kid will learn to never touch anyone else's property again
Sabotaging milk bags for my mum
I'm a comedian. This is advice for the Open Mic-er who tried to pass off one of my jokes as his own
GF's B**** Housemate Revenge
Give me pettyness, I'll never gift you anything ever again
Hope you enjoyed promoting all your boys ahead of me. Now everyone thinks you're a Brony.
So you like ruining my little cousins birthday?Hope you like a sore face...
Is there an anonymous way to get revenge?
The customer is always right? Not at the gun store
If you want to be treated as an adult, maybe start by setting an alarmclock.
Update to Accuse me of theft, enjoy waiting on your packages: The revenge... it gets pettier.
Caught someone parking badly over the line next to my car
Tricking both older sister and younger brother at the same time.Wet Willy
Out-dicking a stingy roommate. Suffer!
Petty revenge on my stingy roommate
Enjoy your upside down sticky note!!
Karen doesn't like dogs? Meet Cujo.
Entitled college classmate shoves me out of my chair. I bust his nose and break 3 of his teeth.
Someone intentionally splashed mud and water from a puddle on me with their car. Petty revenge ideas?
Made my aunt pay me back with sriracha
Never piss off an early riser...
Won't refund me? Enjoy 40 minutes of Katy Perry music
Motivational email is literally Hitler
Don't want to support your team? Then miss out on an amazing opportunity
"Make this milk"
Laundry woes
Languages
Oh, you can't find your change purse?
The slow reverse
That's why you don't drink on the job.
Dearest 4th floor neighbor
Just a State
Don't mess with a mans walleye, buddy.
Petty revenge, sunny side up
Im first now
My Girlfriend Trolling My Racist Neighbor
Make my girlfriend hate me? Ok then..
Grab your own mail
Clean up your trash, maybe
Make my sisters day just a little worse
I didn't realize how annoying it was for someone to blast their phone without headphones until I had to live with it.
You're going to be a cheap waste of space? Well, just let me call you out in front of your friends.
Steal my dryer? Be ready for smelly laundry.
So you want to make fun of the skinny guy?
Neighbors threw water at me from above.
Petty Revenge Help
Want to ditch me? No problem Just let me put this one picture up.
You take my parking spot? You can have it for the weekend :)
Act like a homophobic nasty bitch? Then I'll be sure to make a fool of you in front of many, many people.
Sister hogging internet for netflix, I start using my speakers so she can't hear.
Bully steals my lunch? Bully get hoisted with his own petard!
Don’t touch grandpa’s OJ.
He didn’t know I could do this
Steal my money, no goody
Roommate got boner while posing for pic with crush.
Too lazy to get it yourself? Have a ripped one
Ha!
Bitch Face
Want to talk shit about my bar? I’ll embarrass you in front of your friends
Be better at bowling than me? I'll slightly annoy you for a few seconds.
How to mend a friend's family tension while simultaneously kicking him out of your apartment
Pizza Parlor Poor Parking Pettiness
I hope you have to dump new rocks.
Dump out my desk get fired
A group of seniors posted this letter to the door of all their English IV teachers. One teacher took a red pen to hers and posted it back up.
Using the shoulder to pass bumper to bumper traffic? Not today, asshole(s)
Would you like a mint
Cheaters Never Prosper
Italian Army problems
Lazy ex misses an opportunity for further laziness
Big guy tries to pick on little guy
Enjoy my loofah
My managed wanted me to shave my beard
Yeah fuck you too big sis.
I can make noises also
What If I Sold My GF's Jewelry On Ebay?
I scrub the toilet with your toothbrush
Makin it rain up in this bitch
The Princess with the BMW
Kid litters on WW1 memorial so i embarrass him in front of his friends
slow and petty wins the race.
Soap
A coworker ate my food. I hit replay, except this time it was pee flavored
My landlords refused to treat the bug problem
A quintessentially Canadian revenge story. (Apology not included.)
Walmart revenge
Oh annoying neighbors...
RIP your phone...
Mall employee's xmas revenge
Facetious girl gets a big dose of karma-Maybe think twice before you try this
To be white at all costs: skin whitening in India
Catfished my friends ex into meeting for a date
When an adult bullies my daughter, I hit back
My old dog got revenge after a crop dusting.
How I got back at my abusive brother
Your stereo system has nothing on my guitar amp
My brother is a scumbag!
Be kind to the learner driver
Hope you enjoy PB&amp;Js for dinner
10 year old kicks me, gets his arm broken
Bully my cat? GET WATER GUNNED IN THE FACE AND CRY!
Went Off On Teacher That Hated Me
Don't moon me!
Bus Driver's Self-Inflicted Vomit
I invited my friends over for a BBQ to spite my entitled neighbour
Paying For Your Racism...Literally
(UPDATE)/You have a garage and 2 other places where you can park, why do you have to be a dick?
Not going to wait
REQUEST: Help me get back at my roommates for using all my toilet paper
I'm trying to concentrate...
No Common Room? Okay, I'll Make My Own...
Selfish coffee-having thermos owner
Deflating one tire is never enough, always deflate 2 to fuck up someone's day
My sister got in trouble at school, I decided to take matters into my own handsI GET DISSTRACK TAKEN DOWN IN INDIA
There youy are, fuckwad!
Too lazy to put your shopping cart where it belongs? You get to wait while I do it for you.
Disappear Have Way Through The Project? No Winnig Prize For You
What's the best direct-to-fabric dye sublimation printer? hi everyone
Golf club email spam? Get invited to a different type of swingers club. Slightly NSFW, long.
Graduation pettiness?
Don't smudge my F***n glasses
When I try to get back at a bully, I accidentally ruined his laptop
Don't throw garbage at me, you prick.
Uncommunicative Boyfriend's Revenge
I hope you like warm water!
Bully me next time, Il buy your favorite glasses again
A Minecraft player stole my loot, so I burnt his.
So this is what I do with Photoshop when mad at my fiancee....
Don’t make plans on Craigslist and then ghost the other person.
Entering a number on online schools and debt consolidation websites
They rejected me because of my stubble facial hair.
Enjoy the new additions to your yard!
It is always important to wait your turn
Break my BFFs heart? No more free streaming for you.
I dimped my avuseave ex gf and gave her a bad name.
Hid my husband’s favorite tv channels for not telling me about an invite to a big family birthday party.
Me vs. the Construction Crew, or Breakfast at 6 AM Sharp
Do this please they deserve worse. Please read to the end and help me.
Tell me I am lazy at work? I'll get your wife to agree you're an idiot.
Make work for us during snow removal? Shovel your own walk twice.
"Your jihad stare doen't impress me, I'm a cousin of Oussama Bin Laden"
Be nasty,lie,steal, and try to ruin a Christmas specially organized for your kids? We'll just leave with the presents while you're asleep!
Father cheated on dying mother. Now he's being haunted.
When you underestimate a small kid...
You should have paid to prevent it.
Roommate's massive safe
Simple alarm clock scrutiny
How Good Are Your Brakes? I'm Glad They Work!
Don't want to troubleshoot and want to put it all on me like it's my personal problem
I'm gonna make you check your voicemail. Pretty brutal, I know.
Roommates
Terrible flatmate gets a healthy dose of karma
My ex girlfriend wouldn’t tell the truth so I let her actions tell it for her
Petty revenge at work
Don't accept my help? Fine, then get caught.
Three birds with one stone: Revenge of a sixth grade nerd
I mad a political message on Facebook and some guy from my high school called me out and I wanna get petty revenge what can I post on his facebook?
Kicked me out of the group and I will show you what I can do by myself
Downstairs bros and door buzzers
Neighbor parked in my spot so I'm going to be as petty as possible
You’re being a jerk for no reason? Enjoy rewashing your fresh laundry
When I'm having a discussion with someone on reddit and they downvote me, I use RES to tag them "downvotes people who disagree." Then I downvote them and upvote their opponents whenever I come across them in the future
Go ahead. Copy the exam
You wanted to bully me? I’ll stick a rubber chicken in your car’s exhaust.
Don’t mess with the cat ears.
Reserved toilet? Enjoy becoming the most known free toilet in the area.
Got your phone. Good luck with your panic attack...
Walkex Affiliate Program
Neighbor cares about her lawn appearance more than my napping daughter.
Douchebag co-worker vs Petty coworker
Want to be petty on the bus? This isn't my first rodeo, lady.
Baseball clubs phone number
Tease me for 4 years? Payback time!
Sister's friends mess with her ex
Time is Money
Played music loudly at a doctors office? Two can play this game.
Make us waste ingredients by making your order 3 times? Enjoy your extra special crust.
clean your hair people
Don't yell at me for following policy.
Roommate Drama
How can you get back at those telephony scamers?
Grocery store checkout cutters deserve no mercy!
You'll never find the porn
Just use your own computers
Macaroni Malevolence
Request ID when I have a beard? Await a surprise.
Small revenge on narcissistic sister. (Long but good)
Getting even with a contentious bastard
Cheats on dad, dad takes away what she loves most!
The Left Lane is for Passing!
Revenge in German
Ex left me for some fat mexican with no job, no car, and no plans for his life... and I saw him the other day.
How can i "get" my neighbours
You care about my lawn so much? You can have it.
Karen &amp; Darren Get a Lesson in Being Good Neighbors
Ignore me? Guess that’ll cost ya
Today is My brother's birthday
So, there's this girl I hate that can't stand me 'chewing my fingers.'Gotta be honest, it was some easy revenge.
Revenge for making me do some light work over a week vacation
Entitled Mommy
How I made the popular girls scream
Delicatessen Delight
Be a lazy, whiny bitch? Enjoy some staticky mediocre pop while you try to sleep.
Don’t touch my clothes
No Sir, Donation only does not mean free
Won't upgrade the wifi? Okay, I'll downgrade it.
You forgot something.
Stiff me on trash day? I dare you!
If you aren't going to use your laptop for note taking, don't sit in the front row of lecture.
Spam this number. +44 7904 287237
Girlfriend sleeps with my best friend, get him kicked out of his own wedding reception
Not-so sweet old lady
Take my pillow? Everyone faces school suspension.Petty revenge on an airplane
Allow me to demonstrate how annoying your behavior is.
Throw a bottle of petroleum jelly at me and tell me to "take care of business, and come back when I feel better?" Yes, sir!
Follow the rules or else you don't get a seat.
Oh Alex
The wedge technique
Bully got unexpectedly hurt
Petty revenge stories at work.
Teacher lowers my grades, so I get her in trouble with her superiors
The 12-year-old versus the Convenience Store Clerk: the Modern David vs Goliath
Roasted My Ex Boyfriend (TL:DR at bottom)
Hey Roomy, how's that iced tea taste? Oh you got pink eye too?
I am lying about the never-ending program of the dryer? We will see about that.
If you don't help me, I won't help you.
Say I'm not a man? I'll put you in your place.
Become a bully teacher,make me lose my confidence and make me feel like sh*t? Have fun having the roles reversed.
Entitled cyclist meets someone who doesn't take their bullshit
Dreamcast Massacre
5 seconds v.s. $500 ticket
Mess with stuff in my room? Enjoy the "modification" I made to your Tupperware container...
Schadenfreude at its finest: laughing at my former employer's demise
Get revenge on the system: "UNHOLY MANIFESTO: Unethical and Unorthodox Productivity Hacks (That Should Be Banned) to Abuse the System, Get Your Way, and Piss People Off." will be FREE on Amazon from now until 10/2/14
Karen Refuses to Follow Protocol so I Get Her Free Coffee Taken Away
My Final Shift.
Won't slow down, see how you like it!
Trash my car? Good luck finding a job.
Eat smoke bitch
Can't take a warning? Pay the bill, serve the time.
Incorrect directions? No customers for you.
Pretending to not speak English after we ask you to move your car off our property? Fine, we’ll do it ourselves.
12 Year old gets revenge
You think I'm an antisocial freak who just sits in front of the computer all day? Surprise!
Contract ended with my company, boss wanted me to stay an extra week but I said no
All that for nothing
Blocking me? Get my petty revenge!
Pizza AIDS
Yell at me when it's not my fault? Have fun losing everything on your phone
Are You Famous?
Enjoy your time delayed dogshit bomb
Racist Summer camp bully gets himself in trouble (with some prodding)Shitty housemates
Nosy appartment manager gets full package.
Post a long-winded story? I won't read it - ha!
local asshole decided to shit talk me online, so I email my dean about all the drugs and slurs he posts online
Wanna post porn? GET BLOCKED ON YOUR BIRTHDAY
Keep me awake with texts? Suffer my poop
High beams? Enjoy the red light.
If you hadn't been a racist asshole, you might've gotten away with DUI
At my wedding my best friend got me the worst stripper ever to mount my face and out my glasses inside her,so.....
Returning fire on the roadway
Saying no to prom is fine, but running away?
Sales guy at Micro Center
What kind of person would hide the wine glasses?
Probably shouldn't put public pens in your mouth, especially if you're a bitch.
Not really revenge, but I made his day.
The battle on tripadvisor of the two French middle aged women
Now thats determination
Tailgate me through a known speed trap? Oh no.
Be Rude, disrespectful and disgusting to my friends and claim to be Nice? OK, I'll play "nice"
Female colleague falsely accuse me of sexual misconduct to get me fired. I was cleared in court but her white knight male friends attempts to ruin my reputation. Got back at him.
Sleep with my best friend? I'll sleep with your dad.
Wee Bit Impatient, Hmm?
Make Fun of me in Korean? I'll speak Korean right back.
Prep school golfers learn not to hold up others.
Cheating landlord does the dishes
The bully in my class breaks my watch and starts crying after teacher tells him off
Boyfriend pisses you off? Piss in the bath.
I once got bullied in High School
Safety first!
Grandma will think twice about waking me at 6:00 AM again
Best legal prank to play on someone's house?
I got my boyfriend rescinded from college
A guy was mean to me when I made a joke about klondike bars
We didn't arrive early enough for you? How about we arrive when we're supposed to.
I don't feel great doing this to a fellow retailer, but...
Juggalo attempted to scam me; Scammed him back
Dickhead
The pettiest revenge I’ve ever achieved
Enjoy stopping at every floor down Douchbags
Too lazy to walk? You're going to pay extra
Think you can spit on my parent's car?
Fun at the workplace
Coworker "innocently" throws people under the bus. I get my revenge.
The pizza box is trash; not a makeshift pizza pan
My pettiness accidentally leads to kid getting expelled
Should I go through with my petty revenge.
Deliously petty.
Not to sure where to post but i need help getting back at some loud campers who stay awake till 4 being really loud.
Annoy every class for a year? Too bad you don’t get to see your friend.
Leaving me with your $800 debt? Your last 3 days here are going to be a living hell. Also enjoy the drawers you let me borrow :)
Bike and car, the bike lane mornings.
Guy waits in left turn lane, but won't budge.
Update: Got back at a student talking shit
Two $0 tips in the same night? Oh, I’ll remember...
Entitled kid thinks he is the boss on dnd
I'll give you some food, alright!
29 (M) stranger berated my relationship he didn't even know. So, me and my best friend (19F) pretended we were dating so he would leave me alone. #petty #friendshipgoals
Demon Hair... or is it?
Transphobic fake friend who thinks mental health is funny gets triggered by our plan
An outstanding outhouse prank
My best friend replaced me with a new best friend, how do I get revenge?
You think it, he'll do it
Try harder to lie... and be careful to the person you are talking with
Treat your roommates and best friend like human garbage? Have fun living with your aunt.
Maybe this fits here.
You won't get a better job than this.
Girl rams me into parking car, tells police wrong things and gets revenge the next day
Send spam texts, get them in return.
Emotionally abuse my friend? Hope you have a jack.
Preschoolers are jerks
Haha MyPillow Lawsuit! Those pillows were averaged at best IMO
Don't piss of people who handle your food!
Teaching a queen how to park correctly.
Hair isn’t the only thing getting cut off.
The VCR that ended a 17 year friendship
Spoilers during the entire Bronco's game? Two can play that game.
DAE have a small clunker and exact this form of petty revenge against the way ginormous cars/trucks/landboats/etc are parked?
Break my lipgloss, and I'll give you nightmare fuel for weeks
Ex Brother in law skips child support to spend big money on poles and boat for fishing? How about I beat you at your own game with a cheap snoopy pole for maximum pettiness.
Wanted: Revenge on awful asshole customer. Help please!
A couple of highschool freshmen
Use all my shampoo for bubble bath?
"I didn't get to do any of it and i dont think i deserve the credit"
Watch me type my password? Let me personalise it for you.
Sibling rivalry
Throw trash on the floor? I'll give it back to you.
don't mess with the people who actually do the work
Sleep well last night?
Never Call a Student Dumb
Good luck trying to use your phone plan
You can wait
My sister wouldn't listen, so i made her cry
Verbally attack me at a bar, prepare to be put in your place
I spilled water on a boy's area
My brother was a dick so I starved him.
Accidentally Hit my Nosy Manager in the Face
A TKO
Was rude to a cashier...petty revenge was served.
Office-mate who loves CNN but doesn't understand how televisions work is destroyed by that which she loves most
My cousin's tale of "Oh, you want to complain? I'll give you something to complain about!"
Dispute over wall height with Creeper Neighbour
Petty revenge on a spoiled kid.
Enjoy your premium margarita, blended with an extra shot of your own fingernails.
Roommate wouldn't loft his bed.

You all are going to be asses? Well let me learn you the hard way, then.
The evil stepmom
Won’t let me merge? Okay buddy 👍
Rest stop spite
Ceos brag to workers about their Christmas holidays in the bahamas get a taste of their own medicine
Free domain for a competitor
Not me but my teacher
Was nice to my brother to spite my sister.
I was told to post this here (x-post askreddit)
The Roommate and the FridgeI made sure to look her right in the eyes.
Lazy and condescending because I'm an intern? Lose your bid.
Minecraft Revenge
Tail gate, I'll make you wait.
I WANT MAH CANDY BAR!!!
Have fun sharing the room with the vacuum cleaner!
Don't piss off an international Judo competitor...
Revenge on a crappy neighbor
I got a $0.01 “closing payment” bill from my city for a remodel I did. What’s the pettiest way to pay this?
Generating Noise
I gave someone a broken game because their edge was annoying
Revenge against bully's little brother
Ask your recently dumped GF to apartment sit while you vacation? Cold cold boxers for you my friend.
Neighbor yelled at me and my son for picking blackberries on the sidewalk... don't do that.
Treat people like shit for your mistake? Maybe you should get tested.
Somebody stole my drought-resistant plants today...help me with a witty sign to put up in their place
AP English Teacher Wanted an “Honest” Review of Her Class
This petty revenge is brought to you by asshole drivers
Block a handicapped space 2 days in a row? Here's a fake parking ticket
1970s-style justice: Sexually harrass a bunch of women? Prepare for extreme embarrassment.
roommate never cleans her dishes..
Stop looking at her ass.
Catfish.
Well if you're going to be a dick about it...
Kiss my dog's ass. (Request)
You think I'd forget that you ditched me? I'll make you feel like the asshole you are...
Abuse your cat? You are now subscribed to CatPics.
The hallway to the apartment building is your kids personal playground? I think not.
Inconsiderate roomate
Dude hides my backpack for the whole year and I do the same to him
Disrespect on the range met with pettiness
The Legend of the Sandwich Bitch
Not a story, just pettiness in your average candy shop.
Refuse to help? Okay i'll make you come to college another semester
That one time I got petty with my Grandma.
Revenge On Crazy Chick In The Laundry Room
lying does not get you anywhere
My Ex killed my cat- Help me get revenge
Don't mess with my counter space!
refusing to listen to my Assistant Principals homophobia then making him regret it
Miss my stop? I won't say thank you.
Me v. the rude old lady at my church
If you don’t want to sit correctly in the car, I’ll show you why it’s dangerous
I called the cops and ICE on a girlfriend that cheated on me and gave me chlamydia. Her whole family got deported and she ended up selling pussy on backpage.
My college bought my textbook... that I didn't even buy from them.
Left my bullies stranded in the countryside
My friend felt the burning rage of David Letterman's petty revenge
Debt collectors are people too- sometimes we like to be petty
Ditch me? Now you're not gonna be able to find your calendar.
Even though my parents are divorced, I still go out with my dick of a father to eat lunch and...
You’re not sorry for making me puke? Oh, you will be.
Forgetful brother being a jerk, try remembering your items as I misplace them.
I'm banned from r/cosplay.
You want that horse? Well I want what you stole from me.
Let me just wait here for a bit
You're not my mom. Stop correcting me.
Customer insists on paying a £2.50 book with a £20 note, so I bury her in small change
Be a bitch? Listen to this beeping noise until my flight takes off
My neighbor likes to post like a real Richard Trickle.
Threaten to sue despite you being in the wrong? Say goodbye to your new home
Using the handicapped stall to change?
I got a racist McDonalds employee fired
Take my money and don't deliver? I'll take your land and leave you for dead
Steal my Oreos,enjoy a mouthful of mint
New and totally unqualified boss gets no formulas from me.
Fucking with my ex and her super religious family
Grope and steal my cousin's panties? Have fun being stuck in the tree!
Petty revenge on an elementary school bully... years later
Bring petty high school drama to my place of work? Kiss your job goodbye.
Petty theft
Make my life hell for years, enjoy facing your worst fear
"well you weren't here"
Be rude to me while I'm boarding your bus? I don't feel guilty about the stain on your seat.
Matched a cute vegan girl on Tinder. We exchanged numbers and set up a coffee date. She ghosted me.
Be rude to other customers? I’m gonna mess with your daily routine.
The Gods of Petty Vengeance were with me today.
Busy body neighbour. Thinks she's the parking police.
Of snowplows and mailboxes
College roommate wanted me out; Ok, you win
Dickhead messes up his 4th chance, expects me to cover his ass
Bus pettyrevenge with a Stranger
Insurance company didn't want to help me, so I helped myself.
Hi can you guys troll this email: Mainjinx112@gmail.com
You want me to stay an hour after close? Sure.... I’ll do that
Roommates Keep Me Up, I Provide A Wake-Up Call
Just use a turn signal!
Revenge against motorcyclist
Won't listen? Your officers are getting booted out of the guild.
Kid bullies my friends little brother so my friend changes setting on all his games
Flexing on a spoiled brat
I exposed a fellow student who was fabricating their 'fantastic' grade.
Rude enough not so say hello? See how it feels.
Neighbor in the next condo has a baby that cries all the time.
Douchey Lawyers
You want me to clean up someone else's mess? Careful what you wish for.
Sorry, you have to walk back
Being a dick to your gas station cashier? Sure hope you like loose change.
Can you please clear your papers so we can eat?
Out of nowhere, we descend.
Landlord/roommate buys a much smaller mirror for my bathroom
Petty bartender trick
Don't kick my seat
Revenge of the nerd: If you say I talk too much, then I won't speak until graduation.
Use me as a tripod? Enjoy your blurry photos!
Insist I let you paint? Fine, but you won't be able to hear yourself think.
Spoiler Revenge
Hit on my HUSBAND? Enjoy no tip.
Brother
Co-worker taking my drinks from the fridge
Lady hates kids, goes to area designated for kids to be kids
Piece of garbage neighbor parking in my driveway
Idiot gets rid of my things, I do the same... kinda...
Sister refuses to share pencils, and gets a taste of her own medicine
Rude to me and my family? No problem!
Selfish
Scam me out of $20 kid? Let's see what your principal thinks.
Hope you enjoyed all that change!
Go back and get your key!
Me and my friend get trolls kicked
Kirby vacuum revenge
How can I troll the phone numbers of dodgy Zimbabwean politicians and bureaucrats?
lunch janitor gets revenge
Clean your dishes
Your car doesn't belong in a pedestrian crossing.
NSFW If you like sending dick pics to strangers, why not send them to you family?
Take that, bitch.
You don't follow traffic laws just because you have a white expensive car? We'll blacken it for you!
Ram our trashcans with your parents car? Have fun explaining all the body damage.
Aunt wants me to live with my abusive dad so I locked her iPad
My coach was a jackass so i made the team lose
14 y/o racist gets the right haircut
So...
Annoying staple revenge
So you like strong smells, huh?
No beer for you
Co-worker on his last day left me on my own to clean a nasty spill, left him an even bigger one later in the day
Use my story without acknowledging who did the writing okay I'll make you a liar in class
Call me a typical millennial who expects handouts lose your first job opportunity in a year
And she never took the lift for one floor again...
Don't try to out-b*t*h me. I've got 20 years practice on you.
Revenge against a cheap roommate
Kill em' with kindness
Don't want to let me do my job? I'll force you to.
betcha can't eat just one
Tailgating me in the rain? Let's drive a little slower...
Call me a bitch, slap me, and threaten my cat? Enjoy watching TV with a screeching alarm.
I'm wrong for this. I'm an asshole for this. I feel okay about it, though.
An ex-girlfriend crushed me without explanation
Keep me awake with your crunchy food? Now I'm fully awake, and on a mission.
Boy meets Kerb
The one time I took revenge on my entitled parents...
My ex boyfriend is a major d-bag, so I get my petty revenge!
You both damaged our connecting fences and want me to replace it...good luck
Have fun choosing favorites!
Laxitives in my stolen whisky
Lady acts like the centre of the universe, and is has just petty revenged visited upon her!
Petty Revenge failed, but aftermath (a legendary mystery stink) is still spoken off 10 years after date.
Not something I did, but I witnessed it.
Stand me up and ghost me? Enjoy the same treatment when we finally meet
I Can't Read The Rules On Mobile, So Here Goes
Three generations of petty revenge
So I have this downvote troll...
Bolt my window, I steal your things and tell my Mom
Neighbor won't bother me anymore
I will provide you with unwanted wake up calls!
Move out secretly? Enjoy mono.
Enjoy your break?
Hurt me? Fuck you, your comedy is like Dane Cook's
Second day as a cashier, owners didnt train me and left me alone for a day so they could go to yoga, rang up everything as milk and owed them $200 which i paid in coins.
Ants in my... face
Ex
Petty Revenge on Wachovia Bank with Commerce Bank
Just Friends
Shout and yell at our parents when you don't get your way? Say goodbye to your internet.
Revenge is Justice
Don't pick on kids making minimum wage.
That's what you get for ruining my breakfast
Won't delete my account? Fine.
Do something bad to me? I'll do something bad to you.
Hey you guys dropped that (x-post from /r/roadcam)
I suck at this game? Fine we lose
More revenge against the biggest douchebag
Call me stupid, don't get any ice cream.
Toxic coworker tries to micromanage me, humiliates herself in a meeting
You're hungry? Well, I was too!
City folks have no idea what they're doing? BURN BITCH.
Idiot thought I reported him to the mods for his stupid comment
Pétition Citoyenne Contre la Corruption
Endanger your dogs because of laziness? Let me stick it to you!
friend only uses me when she has nothing else to do
Mock my mental health? I will burn your entire empire to ash.
revenge is best served cold
Get out of line at the airport? Enjoy waiting extra time at the counter.
Go clean the bathroom!
How I Got Petty Revenge On A Child And His Mother
Need Casual HookUp To-Night
Getting revenge on wannabe thieves
I made my sister miss out on her favorite ride at Disney World.
Cheat on a test? I'll leave you on read
Don't come minutes before closing
About 12 items?
No story, but more seeking advice
Text and drive? Enjoy looking stupid.
Don't mess with my kid.
Petty revenge on a crazy taxi driver.
You want to vilify me for taking care of myself? Have fun with a barren apartment.
Just go ahead and leave that right there.
Wife's Revenge On Her Ex- Husband
Don't talk about me father!
Act Like I’m Stupid? I’ll Make Sure To Inch My Paper Into Your Line Of Sight...
Cleaned my roomates' daily mess with her towel
don't mess with 7/8th grade girls
Taught a lesson to my idiot boss who tried to take credit for my software to get promotion himself while firing me over it
My QPP got some petty revenge and I'm still cackling
Smash up my friends' and my race cars by racing dirty? I'm sending you into the wall at top speed.
3rd grade petty revenge.
When you tell me you have to go, but to send a sexy picture before I go to bed...
Short traffic revenge
I will one up your dumb prank
Treat me like crap? How about you stay in jail?
Could use some help
Rude man at airport gets shut down
No more bean burritos, bitches.
A little internet argument which went a little too far...
Drunk, Racist, and Angry? Well then.
My horny grandmother is ruining my love life
Petty Teacher gets taught a lesson
I love a good show.
Just another day at work
TL;DR Civics teacher wants to mess with my grade, so I give a speech (don’t know if this counts as a petty revenge)
The time I made a guy rage quit in World of Warcraft
Commuter train cell phone douche-bag
Some petty revenge on a line cutter
Use all the big pieces? Not for long you won't.
Break my stuff, I’ll worsen your stuff
Sometimes revenge is best served with a smile
Did not want me to use his ink
Park like a dick? I'll keep you from getting into your car.
Fake virus revenge call
No, no, NO!
Don't keep my curtain open.
UPDATE: The branches are cut, people are still "trespassing"
Won’t stop being loud and stealing my friend’s food? Enjoy your extended visit to the bathroom
We Just Want to "Play by the Rules"
"The heist"
Teacher argues that I have to write neater so I get revenge
Correct me, even if I'm wrong I'll make sure you can't enjoy my apology
Don't mess with the movie, sis.
Be obnoxious and trashy all the time? Enjoy your garbage not being picked up
Animal abuse.
Number 2 Pencils
Fat fingered petty revenge
Complain you have no food.
Raise the pop machine cost? Say hello to higher utility costs.
Ruin my morning...
Cookie revenge
Keeping track of my bosses mistakes. Is this a bad idea?
Banned me with no warning then messaged me from a porn blog asking for free shit
My wife's ex partner being petty
Kid broke my glasses, i threw tillet water on his face.
Some revenge over my projecting father.
Try to play with my career? Hold my beer as I ruin both of your lives!
Dickhead classmate won’t help me so I don’t help him
Drive the wrong way and get pissed at pedestrians? Have fun talking to the cops.
Subtle but potent revenge against company VP.
Griefer in GTA gets banned
Cut Me Off For The Car Wash? Enjoy Doing It All Over Again..
Try to steal my lunch? Get suspended for a week.
You think you have all the answers? Fine, I'll just sit back and collect Overtime.
Don't turn your bass down, new neighbor? Here let me make your stereo sound broken.
Whine at me all day, will you?
My roommate never knew
Everyone spam him
The only guy that gets $0.44
YOU SHALL NOT PASS (at the Louvre)
Broken hearts and fake pregnancy
Don't fuck with my poptarts.
Next door neighbour lies to police and landlord about me being a nuisance, I exact my revenge when she finally drives me out
Try to fire me? I don't work for you, you work for me!
Help me get petty revenge on my ex?
Punch me in the face and complain about getting detention? How bout I make your 100 followers (or whatever) hate you!
Petty Bartender Revenge
Such a shame that your brakes failed.
Entitled Kid acts like a Flaming ***hat, Gets What's Coming to Him
Old friend trying to get me to end our friendship
Oh I'm sorry, you wanted my parking ticket too?!
My revenge on a meat head who was harassing me on a boat
Punched my friends bully in the face. Then got him suspended for it.
Rumor has it
Shitty customer (vague details)
Don’t mess with coat check
Living well indeed!
I made mugs of them all...
Check bounced and they refused to pay so
Be a jerk, don't get your favorite soup
Random customer tells me my partners using me, you won't believe what happens next!
Oh, the beverage isn't hot enough?
Waste my time and I'll waste yours
You call me fat? Hope you like your low-fat low-sugar diet birthday cake!
I get revenge by getting my asshole of a coworker to get fired.
Oh, hello "Veenduhs Suhpoht"
Petty revenge on easily distracted boyfriend.
My first crush...
Enjoy your stay on the table...
Mess with my dog, we mess with you.
Animal abuse? I think not!
My brother messed with my electronics, so I messed with his
I know you guys don't like messing with food but still
I need your help getting petty revenge on my sister
I pissed on her toothbrush.
You just gave me all your personal information. Why did you think it was a good idea to screw with me?
My ex told me they’re dating someone else... my other ex
High Schooler shoves Icecream between seat cushions on a School Bus. Bus Driver purposefully has cleaning postponed so the kid is forced to sit in it for over a week.
Killing them with kindness
Deflating a bully
Parkington’s Disease.
Dude, chill!
Two drunks harass a woman and are lewd in public, get a one way ticket to the drunk tank.
Dirty Little Man
"pINk iS fOR gUrlS" don't mess with my kid
Girlfriend cheated on me, unfollowed her on Tumblr
Yeah, I emptied the dishwasher.
Petty revenge on the loud kid in class
“Please hold and I’ll get my manager for you.”
Hog all the bandwidth? No gaming for you!
This /r/legaladvice OP plans some tasty revenge for his trespassing neighbours
A stranger bullied me so I caused a stink in her life.
Ex should have changed PS4 account when I asked....
Tiny story tiny revenge
Asking for revenge suggestions on a shop owner
Do your job the right way
To the judge who gave me my first ticket.
The asshats downstairs.
Cut me off? Increase your chances of a ticket!
Never mess with a petty gfx operator
When an annoyed employee gives away all your ice cream
disrespectful, loud and rude neighbors: an eye for an eye
Officers tried to trick us into selling them weed, so I tricked one into getting high
Don't tailgate me when I'm already speeding.
I dare you disagree with me today
Beat a prank caller at their own game
Want to take my stuff and never return it well clean this up
How a plumber deals with a bad customer
A Family Feud
r/8-bit gang
It could have been worse
Something smells fishy
Homework? More like no work.
My friend and her manager had a disagreement on the best way to catch a mouse.
Screw me over? I'll screw you over one last time.
STEAL FROM ME?! It'll come back to you...at your wedding.
Wanna ride my bumper? You wait then.
How my twin sister got petty revenge on our history teacher on graduation day
how I gained a small victory over a rude cashier in Paris
Fantastic pretty revenge from a betrayed ex- husband. X-post from r/funnyOh, I'll make you a sandwich alright...
Revenge on a Damn Yankee
Fire me for a stupid reason? Enjoy watching your career burn
Me being irritating as fuck
Laugh at me in front of my friends? Prepare for inconvenience
Had an annoying “Vegan” coworker, petty revenge ensues (broken tumbler and “not-so-vegan” pack of nuggets)
You copy my idea, well try configuring the Cameras
Retail petty revenge turned me on.
Not my petty revenge, but found this the other day.
Revenge on Person who made up a lie and sued me, then filed a restraining order and said I tried to kill them after they lost.
Spooked my friend with halloween theme song
Big Al and Mom’s Salsa
Ask my friends for nudes, say goodbye to your homecoming date
Sheriff's office gets owned
Disruptively talk in the library for an hour? Flush my toilet.
Eat my snacks from the company fridge? I'll make sure you break that habit.
Make my childs pet chickens have to die because of your lies? Enjoy waking up early to noisy kids!
How may I help you?
Make me wait for tacos at 2am? No thanks, I will just go around you.
Won't realize you have the wrong number ? Let me sing you the song of my people.
Be annoying? Enjoy repeatedly switching to the dashboard.
Won't meet me to drop off your kids because of fake money problems, I'll make sure you have to drive there anyway.
Crowd my space? Enjoy my fart dust.
Coins
THAT ONE RIGHT THERE
Having a higher pitched voice can be fun
There's just not enough room on these things!
Scumbag Steve in Poland
Credit card minimum at Subway?
The shoulder is not a lane
I'll make an honest man out of you
You Made me Fail
Need some help with some neighbours...
"Sound Waves Only Go Side-To-Side, Not Up-And-Down"
I hacked a girls Animal Jam account.
Didn't like my YouTube channel? Enjoy never-ending phone calls!
Someone was extremely mean and arrogant to a lot of people, including a prisoner of war, so i made this video ridiculing them
Boyfriend was really getting on my nerves..
Can you help me?!? (x-post from r/IDontWorkHereLady)
Let the doorknob hit cha where the dog shoulda bit cha! But, as a parting gift...
Enjoy your sugary, sweet computer mouse.
Keep throwing rocks at me and others? okay.
Self-absorbed double parking asshole.
That'll teach you!
Accidental revenge, boy snatches my seat on train, don't get to socialise.
Brother Shot At Me With A BB Gun
Thatll teach you to take the IPad!
Rude kid gets my petty revenge
I hate my brother's girlfriend. A lot.
Don’t let me merge in front of you?
Subtle Petty Revenge Against False Friendship
My dad is the king of petty.
Putting a liar and narcissist in his place
Laundry Revenge
Be kind to your neighbors
Amazon won't care but so what
Don't be rude to bar staff!
Eat my ice cream? Enjoy your movie!
Steal my brush? Get what you deserve! (Long)
Try to vote me out of my own game? Banned.
Humiliate me for graduating in a public uni? Let me get you schooled.
I decide whether or not your message gets passed on.
Fuck. These. Kind. Of. People &lt; JUSTICE #GetInTheSea
REPOST: I originally posted this in IDon'tWorkHere but it was suggest it fits better here so...
I was trying to help now you can just keep looking.
No petty revenge, looking for something a little more significant.
Thanks for the pen
Charge me extra for your mistake? I'll rustle your jimmies
Want to shit in my garden? Let’s see what happens.
you are a grown man
Entitled lady at the post office
I guess truth HURTS when you're a cunt
The Golden Rule: Don't fuck with people who make your food or cut your hair.
Not gonna let me use your bathroom, huh? NSFW
The dude I'm seeing wouldn't let me choose what episode of South Park we watched last night, so I stole all the blankets when we went to sleep.
"WHAT DO YOU MEAN MY ORDER WON'T BE HERE UNTIL CHRISTMAS!" (From my call center days)
Cut in the security line at the airport? TSA gets some revenge.
Bump my cart in the check-out line and don't apologize or acknowledge? Have fun waiting!
Do your work
A guy jumped the drive thru line at McDonald's cutting in front of 8 vehicles that had been waiting patiently. Luckily I able to give him a taste of his own medicine.
No sandwich for me
My neighbor's car alarm goes off every other night. Advice needed.
Don't talk shit
Screw over one of my favorite customers and I'll take you down
Mothers day revenge
Want to listen to music? Okay.
Give me the bad end of a deal?
Yell at me for showing up too early??
We got revenge!
No Hogging Holiday PTO
Hotel Buffet Nightmare
Ex-girlfriend made me jealous on purpose so, after breaking up I got back to her
Time for my lunch break
Probably a boring story compared to everyone else's but..
I send abusive mother on a wild goose chase that wastes her entire day
I have to sleep on the couch? Hope you REALLY like Jack Black
asshole friend uses my ammo without asking
Say cheese!
Be a jerk of a boss who doesn't listen? Nearly get chewed up by an auger!
Your water is never as fresh as you think it is.
Getting Chaos From Chores Equals A bit of Petty Revenge
Don't Be a Dick to the Cashier
Mail-order stepmom steals my pay, ends up with nothing except my piss.
Ban anyone who doesn't speak english and then ban me? Would you like the Bee Movie Script?
Kick me out? Enjoy your water bill!
I screwed my lazy teammate in a minor assignment
Good luck living without forks!
Pigeon revenge on a kid
When you get into a fight and you remember that you have a birthday gift for a child.
Cyclist's revenge on judemental guy
Wow for petty revenge go to my profile and go to comments. Please up vote all comments that are negative.
Sometimes karma needs a kickstart.
Tell me we're going to do grocery shopping and then fall asleep? Feel my wrath!
Teacher thinks she knows more than her students.
I'm a Temp pulling a long term prank.
Guy was a dick bag in middle school. Get your homework ruined.
Made me loose a test? Ill let you loose yours
Need advice on getting back at someone who stole money from me.
Goodbye friend!
Parking spot.
She messed with my flow, I got revenge.
Guess what time?
Hope you like our new doormat!
No ice cream for you!
Scowling lady Costco revenge
Don't mess with your IT
Blame me for you not getting ready on time? Get ready to be late for the rest of the week!
Up up and away!
My neighbour's a mole
I will make you do math
I'm Not Your Alarm Clock
You said it wasn't important.
Salute of Sarcasm
Eat my pizza see what happens
My girlfriend will never have bobby pins.
dont sit on my chair
Crazy Ex Story?
Department store petty
Rich aunt is a bitch to her sister-in-law and her nephew's wife. Nephew gets revenge by building a big hotel right next door.
Revenge is a dish best served cold.
Nailing A Bitch For $50k
Petty revenge for a petty act
Back to you, pal.
"friend" messes around with me, well how do you like a trip to the doctors?
Interrupt my pizza? Have fun squeezing into a small car.
Stories of a Bartender- "I'll get you your drinks ASAP"
Give us your email to win? Yeah right!
Don’t make fun of things other people like
Oh you want to use my spotify without telling me? Here have 35 copies of despacito
Park next to me and smoke on your lunch break? That's OK, I'll just turn on the AC.
Sent roommates back to the Dark Ages...
Ask me to send you a link you could find yourself? Enjoy being slightly annoyed.
Still unfolding
Ditch me at the Dance?
You want to leave trash for me to take of? Enjoy not using your scanner!
Revenge at the Cafe
Avoid human traffickers behind audible sounds
Don't order me around
guy used cheats to win in video games, and i got his accounts banned
“Kid begging” I’ll it to give everyone but you
Girlfriend thinks I'm overreacting when I get grossed out by all her loose hair after a shower or on the sink after she gets ready for work. Lets see her keep her cool after a few days of this overly petty master plan of mine.
Ceos brag to workers about their Christmas holidays to the bahamas get a taste of their own medicine.
Disrespect me, good luck getting to work replacing 5 tires and installing a $2000 security system
Lady tried to tell me to turn my music off while driving, so I gave her the run around.. TLDR; You don't know me! I'm the fucking, Lizard King
HORRIBLE neighboor will think twice before trying to mess with us again.
Not my dog you say? Not my problem then.
Won't listen? Flounder in front of everyone.
Iceing my neighbours path, it's a slippery slope
Bitchy and rude apartment neighbor is probably getting evicted...
Nuclear revenge for a petty reason?
"Don't worry about it, bro"
How i scammed the scammer
don't try to steal my stuff
A little help from petty revenge?
I key cars all the time.
Why are you using your phone in a convenient way? *reverse card
Shove passed me to get on the bus, get off last.
Be rude to retail workers? I'll make you pay more for your groceries
Partners didn’t want to do work for group project so I tricked them into embarrassing themselves in front of whole class
Kiss my best friend? Enjoy the dirt in your food!
Repost my meme? Enjoy getting banned on your favorite sub.
Calculated attack
Tell me it doesn't matter, enjoy losing every card game we play.
Ace musician takes the "Freebird!" challenge and puts abusive drunks in their place
Hope you like your ugly bouquet of flowers!
A woman at work was stealing from my snack drawer.
A manager in my workplace took an ego trip and got me fired. Enjoy office life.
If you are going to be mean, I'm not going to let you play frisbee
Revenge accomplished for cheater ex
Cheat on me? Fine, no more mister nice guy!
LOOKING FOR ADVICE. My ex husband’s mum keeps parking on my driveway.
Don't act entitled over parking.
Bird shit
Almost kill someone in front of me? You go to jail.
It Felt Pretty Good
My paycheck is where?
Lady wouldnt give me a birthday freebie so i ruined her reputation.
Abandoned cars? No problem
Fight and/or Fuck loudly all night? No sleeping in for you!
Petty Revenge against McDonald's
When karma arrived at 9AM I was ready.
Alcoholic Asshole Roommate
For not trusting me, I can be really petty
Wanna be an Asshole? Two Can Play at that Game.
My acting experience comes in handy.
I want to spam someone’s email, what are some sites that I can subscribe them to?
Think your photos are more important than everyone else's? Should have planned better.
Reclaim Parking Space any ideas?
Drive dangerously? Well almost crash into another car.
School administration banned all freshman hazing...
Short, Petty Revenge on a Bitchy Waitress
Found Your Keys
Good luck getting employees with your shitty policies
Sorry not sorry, toddler terrorist.
Sorry this is the best trampoline!
Robot Telemarketers have been calling me all day. Heres some wet farts.
Don’t mess with me, I will ruin your property
Short people have shorter fuses
A tale of a rude lady and her drinks
Steal my phone? I'll steal your Computer and waste your break.
Entitled kid stole my brother’s money so my brother decides to prank him eventually leading the EK to be expelled from an important sports event.
Loud neighbours = the worst.
I can’t have friends over? Enjoy losing my streaming services
Fuckboy kept texting me after 11 p.m. so I answered some “Gay For Straight” ads, included a pic, and fuckboy’s phone number. Who knows? Maybe I did him a favor.
Want extra marinara with your pizza?
Unlucky Steam key scammer calls electronics, gets the dumbest employee in the world
Neighbour got us evicted so I made an honest review of the home when he tried to sell
You want to break my cup. Good luck when I don’t use cups.
Remote control younger me revenge
No gig for you!
Caught my ex cheating so...
I added all the words my boss couldn't spell into the Microsoft Word dictionary.
Ordering bacon pizza for my muslim colleague
First Class on a plane
"It's Just A Marker"
Used to work in fast food, now an MD, encountering previous horrible customer in the hospital - fun.
I got my ex girlfriend fired for trying to claim my own work as her own.
You steal all the candy out of the candy jar? Fine, wait a little longer for your elevator.
My sexist in-laws get to see their firstborn son and firstborn grandson with other last name that’s not theirs.
Today I kneed a child in the forehead
"Forgot" your kid? Have him back with a little extra.
Lukewarm revenge.
Cheting Girlfriend Flashes Public Transportation
Stay out of my code, fuckface.
Maybe He'll Learn Something
Made her almost experience her brothers death twice.
What an ass..
Short change me £10?! Say hello to Revenue and Customs!
Rise and Shine
Wont get the name off the lease huh?
Won't do your work for 3 months? I'll make sure you fail.
I gave all my classmates answers and formulas on a test to help them pass, and one of them turned me down. I passed, she didn't :)
Ha! That was a real one!
Gate crashing boys night
Playfully tease me for organizing random items on the table again, I dare you.Cut me in line and not tip? I'll tip and get my order first.
Developer vs Desktop
Steal my energy drinks? Red bull gives you hershey squirts
Planning my revenge.
Stole my game, so I steal your game collection
Wi-Fi Revenge
Cut in line? End up in a random neighborhood?
Go ahead and smoke all you want.
Got commissioned by a racist, so I hide “BLM” in his art
Am I evil?
How I got a little petty revenge on a rude customer
Cheat on me? I’ll sleep with your brother
Stealing Customer
Revenge is a dish best served glittery
Head Bitch in Charge
You lit up my trip!
Your laziness annoys me. Have fun being productive
Entitled Mom refuses to pay me for piano lessons, has to pay me 750$ dollars!
Preppy bully gets dyed for hurting my BFF
Bully me in 5th grade? Have fun getting shot down a decade later.
Never Gonna Give You Up - The Rick Astley sex story
Call me incompetent? Enjoy spending another 15 minutes trying to get a Notarization.
He stole my jungle, i stole his red
Mischief Night Petty Revenge - ON ME!
I'm sorry, tech support does not work Sundays
Revenge on my doggy
Revenge at the DMV
Stop complaining, old man.
If you're mean to your server, you're gonna have a bad time
He wanted me to call him back
F with me in my car, I kick you out.
ruined teenagers party
Sometime petty revenge is best served cold.
Renter thinks if we can't sell the house, she gets to stay.
Housemate constantly loud and forbid me from sponge.
Revenge on an old classmate.
Good luck working the Super Bowl
Mustard Bomb
$4 Fedex Paper or: How I Learned to Seek Petty Revenge and Love Every Moment.
It's the little things that make petty revenge so, so sweet
I was an arrogant know-it-all and when the chance for petty revenge came about, my opponent took it.
That's not my name. Here's my birth certificate as proof.
Forcing my soon to be ex-boss to come in on the weekend
Giving a bully a bloody nose
So, tell me again how badly you want those items?
Co-worker thinks I will tolerate his nazi bigotry, have fun being unemployed.
Let's see if you get the point.
Tit for tat
Shutting the Door in my Face or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Elevator
I screw with scammer, they block my number
Boss me around in a group project? Enjoy me hindering you and making you stutter during the presentation
Neighbour destroyed my skateboard so I destroyed his car
I'm the gentleman!
Revenge on a truck driver
Cheat on my sister? Have fun finding your stuff!
Revenge and slight redemption for my previous road assholery.
44 Fluid Ounces of Revenge!
Is there a place for petty complaints? (Think Curb Your Enthusiasm)
Talking trash about her
5th Grade Level Petty
My friend kept killing me so i killed him back and burned all his stuff
Shitty Flyer, How about Shitty Grade
Douchebag hextuple parking in hummer gets parked in.
Want to blow your vape in my face at work? I’ll have your company evicted.
I broke a kids nose!.
Tales of Revenge on a Self-Important High School Music Teacher
Ruin my photo? I'll ruin all of yours.
How I got back at my abuser
Bully me? How about i get everyone to hate you.
I was harassed by this unknown number for about a week. Little did he know that two can play that game.
Watched as boss ate my piss
Revenge? Oh, I harassed you huh?
Kill my grass hoppers? Eat healthy, fucker
Getting back at that girl who cheated a meal from me.
Lazy? Not Anymore.
Unique, harmless scare on the road for a douchy dad
That's what you get shitty ass
Memory Inspired by the Ball-Breaking Sister
Who's the bully now?
Call me out infront of other managers, I'll make you regret it.
The Only Time My Laptop Was Useful
Go out without your family?
Impatient speeding soccer mom can sit at the light for a few minutes.
to all the girls on reddit: any great revenge stories on an ex, friend or boss?
I Got Revenge On The Same 3 (well mostly only 2 of them) Entitled And Ignorant Bullies (who identify as V-sco girls) During Year 8 Towards The End Of Last Year, It Was Brutal...
Exposed my former boss via review
Stupid classmate / ex-friend gets Broken Nose
Merry Fucking Christmas.
Froze my annoying roommates!
Time to touch everything
Rejected a girl and destroyed her self-esteem.
Old People Restaurant Scam
Being unfaithful can cost
A shirt for a shirt leaves everyone cold!
Yappy little dog and her owner learn a lesson
You wake me up from my nap, I'm gonna return the favor.
Sibling Rivalry: The Long-Awaited Revenge
Too busy to return a cart?
Sorry, not sorry. Neighbor noise war.
Bail on our plans again, no help for you in school today.
I can hear my upstairs neighbor snore through the floor as if he was laying in bed next to me.
Beware the Revenge of the Early Riser!
Little Brother eats all my sorbet that I bought for myself
I'd show my appreciation, but I'd have preferred that you didn't do that in the first place.
Change the toilet paper rolls
Self Checkout is Hard (x-post from /r/TalesFromRetail)
Complain about where my car is parked? Have fun getting woken up every night.
No sleep make Homer go something something...
Going to lick my snacks? Ok, I'll tell the teacher for changing an answer.
Girl tries to bully me. How about people know her for the thief and a cheater she is
Get me in trouble over nothing, I fart in your room
Trying to hide your insults? Lemme know how that works for you
A lady was nasty to me for no reason
You really pissed me off.
Be a smartypants and enjoy your ice-cream...
Thanks kind stranger
Whenever my dad asked for a tooth floss, I’d lick all the mint flavour off it
Don't short me by $397
My experience at a Sushi Restaurant.
I got stiffed at my restaurant job today...
DON'T POKE THE black bear!! :)
Dont mess with me!!!
Somebody has been stealing my newspaper...
(Mountain) Dew not drink my soda
Can someone please help me get revenge on a drug dealer?Movie Theater Revenge
The more annoying you get, the fatter you get
Ex-mechanic gets revenge on neighbor
A lawyer's extremely petty revenge
My boyfriend didn't keep his promise.
Revenge is a dish best served buttery.
My truck smokes and makes a licking noise and it's driving me insane
Keep me up at night by having loud sex? Enjoy thinking your BF is cheating on you
Milkshake Mistake
I once sighted a glacier in the Caribbean
Did you know your speaker has Bluetooth?
I let my shithead brother in my house knowing he is a thief.
Petty Revenge on an entitled little brat at a birthday party...
Make my life hell through a divorce &amp; bankruptcy? Enjoy paying back taxes
Mc. Donald’s
Woah buddy slow down! I’ll just get in front of you to keep you from crashing.
Trouble making customer gets what he deserves (loses his own job)
Take my window seat? I puke on your shoes.
Charging Cables Present A Trip Hazard
Keep complaining about the food, you self-important snoot
I teased him with a PBJ sandwich.
Make fun of my cousin? Have fun with a sleeping shower
My little sister's bouncy castle struggle became my opportunity for sweet revenge.
international petty revenge
SOAP-PRISE
Can't clear the timer on the microwave?
Arrogant college guy. Major humiliation.
Electrician from hell.
Let's be rude and inconsiderate? Sounds like a great idea!
You’re a racist AND a hypocrite? Okay then.
Ongoing Pettiness
How karma got back to my bully
Pulled our high tipping table out from under a self-entitled waiter
Old guy yells at me for getting the wrong pancake mixNo thanks, no final exam for us!
Coworker who steals food
Thought I'd teach my friend a passive aggressive lesson
Thief gets burned
You let me go, and now you want me to fix it? That'll cost you!
Want to be a douchebag first thing in the morning? Enjoy being late for work and a ticket
A little Petty Revenge before bedtime is a surefire cure for insomnia
Revenge by later clock out
How Should I Handle My Slumlord Whose Been Paid $43,000 In A Year From Us While Putting Us In High Cancer Risk Apartment
Force your French upon me? Let's Anglo things up a bit then.
My besties bf called me feral bc I called him out for being racist
Won't take my money or sell me ice cream? I'LL SHOW YOU!
You wanna bully me? Enjoy your mountain of condoms!
I finally had my chance, you guys: My adventure with Microsoft Scammer Man.
Thanks for my change.
Fast food wanker
Don't ride my ass when I'm already going 10 over
Trashy roommate steals my food. I get him back good ;)
Passive aggressive pup
Almost run us over then asks if we are leaving. Enjoy looking for a parking spot for another hour.
4am on a Sunday night.
My Job Mandated Me For Overtime The Day Before My Vacation, So I Got Some Petty Revenge!
Asshole neighbor uses a car strategically in a tough-parking neighborhood...
Thief Thinks He Is Funny Wearing All My Items, Try Again Fool
I got back at my Ex by writing music about us and exposing it to the world, he is furious
He has to take all the brownies out.
Go ahead, Leave the lid up... one more time...
All you have to do is...
Chicken shop revenge.
Note to my next project partner, don't be a lazy asshole
Got some "revenge" on the teacher's assistant by doing my work.
Soda, the sweetest revenge.The Fix-A-Flat Con Man
P
Hope you weren't planning on watching that
Don't mess with a man and his two kids on their night out..
I said NO tomato.
So someone parked their car directly in front of a nightclubs fire escape.
My mum took my ipad... so i smashed up her phone
No Karma For You
You're being lazy? I'll call you out on it.
Smelly revenge for an annoying brother.
You want to steal my lunch? ... eat it!
Toilet Cloth
Pretty shitty day. This felt better than it should have. Thank You Reddit.
Coworker put fiber into the work's public-coffee, used the excuse that he bought it as justification.
Oh, dear, you are in a bad mood and take it out on me? It's OK, I have the perfect pair of shoes for that.The radio has a (petty) mind of its own
Not going to lie it felt good
Revenge via Cat
I got revenge by humiliating 2 bullies and I don't regret it for a SECOND
Reuploads my video to YouTube and earns more views than me.
stuck up customer : /r/TalesFromThePizzaGuy : /u/Agent_Volkoff
Girlfriend's ex-roommate changed the wifi password...
My best friend worked in a machine shop.
So you dont think Im proactive enough... I'll show you what my job really is!
Did you know you can reinforce more than just mailboxes?
The Loose Shoe.
Got revenge on cheating girlfriend
Steal money from me? Let's see how much I can steal from you.
Got a girl fired 10 months after she harrassed me and cussed me out multiple times
Obnoxious neighbors get blocked in
Why are you in my home?
Block my way? I'll block yours.
Pompous one-night stand can’t be bothered to call me a cab. Luckily, the cab company remembers his address for me.
Guy didn't get his car key because he was rude to me.
Swear at Customer service, Enjoy looking like an idiot!
No butter for me? Slightly less grass for you!
Terminate our friendship? Fuck you!
Pigeon based passive aggressively petty revenge
Some people feel entitled to too much these days
Possibly the pettiest thing I've done. Or witnessed, for that matter.
Something mean I have done: Pissed in car window
Paper Bags are Five Cents each
I see you like the local game shop, it would be a shame if something were to happen...
Fuck you, pawn shop.
My Dog's petty revenge on my Mom
Take up two parking spaces on a busy parking lot?
Revenge against the machine
Want to stay inside? That can be arranged.
Boss' wife called my coworker fat, I ruined her sandwich.
Don't step on my shoesFor those pesky tailgaters, I've become accustomed to giving my windows a quick wash and in turn giving them a little dirty windshield fluid.
College pettiness
I was 12, my dad told me that they are rubbish
Askreddit divorce revenge.
More justice than revenge, but it's still so sweet.
Teacher gets what she wants.
So some teenagers were heckling me while I was setting up to record a dance video ( x post )
You put fences up inside my property? I'll change them so your truck won't fit
Don't Pay Your Share of the Utilities? The Courts Will Make You
Don't attack me for literally doing nothing to you
Take the last slice of pizza? Lose your participation points in English class.
Condo Washer Wait
When petty revenge backfires.
Among Us Revenge so satisfying
Talk sh*t to a camp counselor? Enjoy that stone wall to the face!
Now we're even
No OT on Black Friday/Thanksgiving weekend? No help then.
Best Friend's Petty Vengeance
Complain about our footsteps to get us evicted? Then months later after we move, a pipe bursts in YOUR building and then you post to google reviews about how fat we are and how your going to physically hurt us?
How to quiet down some inconsiderate americans on Superbowl day
Psychology served pettily.
Apparently I Didn't Have the Right of Way?
Co-worker lies to me, I dole out some petty revenge
Don’t want to pay rent? Don’t want to pay for your own things? Have fun with a $600 Paperweight!
I NEED TO HOW-TO-LOSE-A-GUY-IN-10-DAYS THIS HUMAN TOE OF A PERSON
Can you not read emails?
Tailgate me? Ok now clean your windshield
Annoying rich drama queens on a trip
How I made third most important person at my job looks like a fool.
Cat Vs Dickhead
PR on my boss with an Xmas gift please advise.
Hold me to Standards? That's fine, if I can return the favor.
Strip the bed? No Valentine's chocolate for you!
Petty revenge on a driver who doesn't respect the sidewalk
Petty Revenge against a Puppy
Slow me down and you get to wait for me.
Oh yeah? Cut me off?
play prank on gullible young me, enjoy piss in your ear.
Ask for my husband when I'm the primary signer? I'll waste your time.
My husband started playing with me in his sleep. We didn't finish.
We are trying to cause my uncle to lose a lot of money (For now, I am required by Reddit to put this in petty revenge. When all is complete, it will be moved to r/prorevenge)
Won't do your job? Yeah sure I'll give your friends free food.
When my stepdaughter gets into those moods...
Fishing for revenge
50+ year old woman demands her cigs and the manager
"THERE'S ONLY ONE FOUR-EYED F*GGOT HERE, AND IT'S ME!"
Talk shit, get hit (figuratively, anyway)
You were an idiot to the wrong girl
Dudley Dursley on a plane
Theft thinks he can gets things for free, he gets charged double
Complaining about noise? Note taken.
My Cousin...
Shoving others out of the way won't get you on the train any faster, douchebag.
Be a shitty friend? Enjoy your slow internet.
Fucked over some guys on GTA
They didn't notice the camera when they were stealing food from the office fridge.
Throw Your Trash Out Your Car? Okay, I’ll Clean It Up While Everyone Watches.
Ex cheats on me in a particularly douche-y way. Not a lot of people irl know or care about it and he thinks he’s off the hook, so I spent two hours writing this post for the sole purpose of it reaching the masses.
Delivering a little malicious compliance to my entitled aunt
Excludes me from game for doing the same thing as her...
Dont let me change lanes, Ill block you in
Petty Facebook revenge
Oh, so you think I'm a witch who's going to hell, do you?
1 fish 2 eggs
Throw me under the bus? Bet.
Being woken up sucks doesn't it?
A Backstab Fail
how to stop someone stealing your food
Guys threaten to kick my ass, so I steal their dates.
Crotchfruit being a brat so I buy all the cakepops and mombie has the audacity to ask me for one
Keep Stealing My Pens? I’ll Embarrass You in Front of the Class
I like sweaty shirts..
"What the hell am I supposed to buy with this?"
Rich Bitch Parks in Fire Zone because she is special- I psych her into thinking she'll be towed
That's what you get granny.
Kid makes fun of me for something. They do it themselves and stop
Red light, green light, go!
Take my phone? I'll take your Internet access
Mess with my friend and get you ass handed back to you
My story - I am desperate, please give me some advice
Don't piss off the cleaner!
Korean stranges takes my picture (right infront of me)
A couple of coworkers got me fired while I was going through a breakup. It was my time to shine.
Your shit is not my responsibility
I made my client look like a midget
So I killed his cow
update: I painted my pool green after my neighbour complained about our green pool
So you think you can steal MY book and claim it as yours, huh?
I entered a contest to write a funny headline about an optimistic future of Detroit: "All Graduates Tie for Valedictorian Honor, A First In Detroit History," and a person named Asia G. is voting for herself with fake email addresses to beat me, so I posted it on Reddit so the world would know.
Get creepy on my partner? Enjoy your IKEA puzzle.
Tripped up, son.
Take that, Cryptkeeper!
Wanna be an ass? Okay two can play that game.
In the hot seat
Left Lane Nazis
Oh, did you want that donut?
My first job
"An instrument of destruction"
Revenge is a dish best served with guacamole
Be a jerk about my dog? Enjoy looking at some poo!
Poorly schedule my online free response test and not tell me when it's due? Guess I'll take all your assignments literally
Happy Thanksgiving, (again and again and again)!
My father tried to file me under his taxes illegally and blackmail me. Ended up blackmailing himself
A lady screamed at me for driving “too slow” and I gave her the pettiest revenge possible
You tailgate, I tailgate. That's fair, right?
My challenge for r/pettyrevengw
Annoying neighbour ideas?
Obese teacher with a mini fridge makes kid eat week old chicken. I make sure she loses all her food.
Unsolicited Financial Advice
An entitled mom sat too close to me, so she got blasted with sand and got kicked off the beach
Easter sunday prank
This is why you don't mess with the cook.
Don’t touch my music
Annoying Music Girl gets a taste of her own medicine
Just take you bagels and go!
You make awful racist comments about our (goodly, kind hearted, absolutely respectful) Pakistani tenants? Enjoy hearing me talking in Arabian!
Well why don’t YOU call.
How a Klepto got pink eye
Man Commits Ultimate Act Of Heroic Pettiness, Pays DMV 300,000 Pennies In Taxes
Please re-take your driver's education course, for the good of everyone around you
Has anyone read through a petty revenge or a pro revenge and thought hang that was me?
Orchid Killer
Kid threw sand at my sister's hair and i pushed him into the sand
Sometimes when my step-mom is rude to me, I use her phone number to use her gas rewards.
If you put a father in protective mode, you also put him in petty revenge mode.
Petty revenge at the gas station
Quitting the Gym
The time for negotiations has come and past
I found a way to get some sweet, sweet revenge at a loud bar I live next to...
Streetpass revenge
Pip Pip and Cheerio
Call this number
Petty in Uniform, or, Don't piss off Maintenance
Be a drunk racist ass, have fun walking home
Someone Stole My Chicken Nugget, I waited 5 Years to Get Revenge
Help with my roomate
Try and cut in front of me? Have fun getting separated from your friends!
Dont help us move? enjoy having no money.
Pay attention or it'll cost ya
Person Gets Fired from a big minecraft server from being owner to cast member.
I need some help.
Sibling Rivalry
"Not supposed to be in the bathroom for more than 2 minutes"
Flying the (un)friendly skies
Justice Served to the Evil Edamame Lady
Escuela
Walk in front of my camera during my workout?
No one insults my Grandma and gets away with it
Wash the dishes
Are you sTuPiD?!
I stopped a kid from playing around in my store at work
Trying to jump the cue?
Girlfriend exposes a creep at a bar
Have a bottle that was promised to me taken away? No-one's getting it now.
STUPID bitch walrus lady gonna honk at me?! IT'S ON!!!!
No sir...You are not special and I can't ring you up.
How to get revenge on a malicious bully roommate?
Gym Bro Tries to Shame me, I Have the Last Laugh
Never go to class and still need a picture of my notes for the final? Here it is
Little kid tries to make my friend fall , thinks he can get away with it
Got a kid suspended/in trouble from school because he was a dick to me on Twitter.
Obnoxious uncle mooched of family for three months and would not move out
Sure, I'll keep an eye out for your resume.
Bait the Tailgate
Petty porn...
Try to save you money and you give me flack? Unleash my pettiness.
Have fun explaining this to her
Cheat at cards, will you?
The Spite Fence
Take that, nephew's ex girlfriend
Younger brother makes me do dishes on New Years eve? Bad idea.
I can see it's wet
Come to where the flavour is. Come to ballsack country.
Sometimes they don't want our help. And don't deserve it.
Oh you're gonna throw me out of the Army for being fat? Where's the paperwork?
Ex Fiancee and engagement ring (x-post from /r/relationships)
Realtor takes us to a house, realizes it's too good for the price and tries to make us not buy it.
I seek revenge on my lazy coworker in the most passive way
Dad told me to get off the computer...
NSFW- puppy sale scammer
My girlfriend ate her brothers chicken........
My lawn is not a trash can.
Ignore Administrative Professionals Day, wil you?
Wanna be racist? Less soup for you.
If Reddit had a be like Bill, what would it be like ?
Accidental petty revenge?
you like calling me names have fun in Saturday school
Roommates yummy meal
Not a Morning person, are we?
Make obnoxious noises while VK and his mom have a day out? Enjoy being turned into a comedy routine.
Try to mess up my prospects? Watch this.
Released a stink bug in my school bully’s hair
Enjoy your "quiet" dinner on the deck, neighbor.
2 girls and a school dance... what can go wrong?
You ruined my movie for me? I will ruin another one for you! (no spoiler)
Mitch the Bitch
When someone unsubscribes, the CSS should screw something up for the person ever so slightly.
How to get revenge on d-bags who harass my mother via phone calls
Overly competitive little league coach gets schooled by his own team, with a little help from the parents
The Latin teacher strikes again!
The Quiet Coach
The Elderly Avenger
Oh did you need something? Sorry we're out.
What I do when my SO throws a childish strop.
Nosy Chinese people won't stop staring
Mooch off of a friend just to use his computer? NOPE.
Parking space revenger
"Ohh, I'll give you the student discount"
ebay
So you wanna break my skateboard?
Yes, I was the asshole.
Have fun getting our team made fun of!
Kid stoke my water bottle, drank out of it then gave it back
Spring slush
feeling salty
Taking a 5 month class out of spite.
Telemarketer calling me while I'm in the theater watching Infinity War? Enjoy your spoilers.
Cannot Remove My Email Address? Okay Then!
Ruining someone's music career ?
Treat me unfairly and bully me? How about I show off in front of you.
Landlords kicked us out, so I gave them the finger. My finger.
Victory for 2, have fun checking in your suitcase
NYCC Ticket Revenge
Don't be rude if you're asking for help
Operation Pissy Pillows
my friend farted on me
Pushy guy on the bus today
Man, you really wanted that spot; I hope it doesn't rain
Don't bully my brother
Tell me to go join the opposition? Will do. (x-post from /r/GamersRevenge)
Hid one puzzle piece from annoying bf
Oh, you want "the usual"? Sorry, we're all out!
Snitch on me for cussing? GET SUSPENDED
You shoo me away like I don't matter when I'm setting equipment up for your video conference have fun trying to figure it out when it doesn't work.
Women can't pump gas? Let's see you try, then
Who “P”-ed in the pool?
Gas Station War
Won't clean the bathroom? Expect some shit.
yeah, sure, i'll get my dogs shit off your lawn
Fold your own gd socks
How to get revenge on ex who sends snaps of her making out with new hookups and brags about her "dick appointments" to me
Paranoid somebody might get in front of you? This will really piss you off.
Bully the Asian guy, I hope you slept well on the flight...
Mr. Fluffermuffin's petty revenge
Leave your chair in the way? I'll put it away for you.
This is just a stupid thing me and my friends did at a sleepover
Try to scam? I'll upset you and waste your time.
Sysco driver blocking cars in gets blocked in the next week.
Oh so I can't call dibs? Enjoy my victory sip.
Photography wars?
My coworker doesn't clean up after herself so I didn't do it for her
Tailgate me? No passing for you!
She started the petty bs but I finished it.
Borrow screwdrivers === Get screwed
And A Partridge in A Pear Tree
Treat me bad I'll cheat you out of $20!
Story from my childhood: HAMSTER'S FREE NOW, BITCH
Not gonna shut up on the bus? Have fun getting your ass beat.
Yes, I am ignoring you.
I am the infamous sock elf.
Don't like my bees? Here, have some more.
Maybe some revenge and help?
Got fired today.
Now you have to wait. Every time.
Don't try to steal my final project
Break your roommate agreement and then demand your deposit back? Enjoy some dirty drain water.
Revenge on someone lip syncing to my covers and claiming it as theirs
Annoying landlord
Underwear Subscription
Forcing my little brother to share for once
Entitled Aunt Karen vs. Southern Grandma
You stood up and humiliated a girl because she was a "fat bi***"? Let's see how you feel being humiliated.
Try to put me off MY breakfast?
Damn Jehovas Witnesses
Come to my birthday uninvited? Enjoy your mother knowing what you do on the internet.
Get us in trouble? Get your own paper towels.
The Pettiest of Revenges
School drop-off zone.
I got her fired and feel no remorse.
stop bragging about your A's when all you do is cheat.
Can't be bothered to get out and knock a door, fine enjoy my air horn.
Not cleaning up any more...
Stupid country girl tried to get with my boyfriend.
I just wanted to help set the mood...
Enjoy your spat on food. or not?
Copy my movies? Have fun showering in cold water.
You're a shit roommate? I'll call your mother.
Berate me? Have fun thinking your decorations are broken
Want some apple crumble? Go get it yourself
You have a big fancy NYE party to attend so at the last minute you ask me to let your dog out??
60+ man was rude, I taught him to say please
Don't be naughty or I'll make you knotty.
Short petty revenge involving pee.
I used than anonymous app to “expose” a girls fake IG persona
Enjoy your chair.
Nieghbor breaks our fence loose ur dog
Don't follow the schedule? Well drown in angry customers and burgers
Free cupboard
Using an Unusual Hobby to Stop the School Pick-Pocket
Security Guard Petty Revenge
Be a bitch on the train and reap what you sow
Advice needed from the Petty ones.
You treat me like shit? Enjoy your change in one cent coins!
You Drive Slow? I Walk Slow...
Force feed me trailers. No thanks
Glad the Cat Liked YOUR Burger.
Oh you only like to use Yahoo?
Don't forget your cigarette butt!
Squashed beyond repair and it gave me such a kick every single time
Block my car? I'll block yours.
To entitled to park behind yellow lines.
Revenge on my family when I was a kid
Showertime Revenge
I Hope You Like Losing
looks like you'll be paying 10 dollars more for your son to ski...
Don't be such a dick about it.
Petty revenge on an online troll
I just withdrew from a class to avoid failing an assignment tomorrow morning that four other people are counting on me finishing.
Be nice to your administrators - we're a petty bunch.
Make my school year hell? I'll return the favor.
You were not specific on which spoon I had to get
Go pick up your card
Take advantage of my misreading? I take advantage of your kindness.
“Rabs, we DO NOT prank here”.. a Sparkies Tale.
Petty gum huh fine
My one and only time I hit someone in the nuts and enjoy it.
Need Some Help With a Douchebag
Don't you dare wake me up with your drunken karaoke.
Old lady boss humiliates me, I return the favor
Be a scumbag to everyone? I'll get my revenge by pretending to be a hot blonde.
Oh, you want me to HURRY?
Owners let go of manager everyone loves.
The wrath of a spa tech.
Be an asshole? Ok.
Ok. I'll show you why you should've listened to my advice.
Revenge on neighbors who were stealing the pants I was ordering through ebay!
Train revenge on seat hoarder's wife
The Longest Mile
Leave the light on I'll wake you up too
Think it's cool to assault me and get away with it? I think not!
I told my husband I made homemade milanos with triple chocolate, but actually filled them with ground raisins
Idiot driver wants to fight me, but ends up taking a nice detour instead.
Revenge is a food Best served cold
I quit my job... and it set off a chain reaction that caused an ENTIRE HOTEL to be shut down.
A**hole driver
My dad’s revenge (TDLR at the bottom)
Why would you leave only 3 sheets of toilet paper?! Oh it is ON!
How to make a enemy fail a class
Be super rude to me? Lose $3500.00 worth of bussiness.
What is the best fanbase?
I hope you started over
You want bread, bitch?
Don't have a key? Sorry not my problem
Drive like a maniac and try to smash my car? Enjoy your new paint job.
Asswipes with no Asswipes
McRevenge II
Don't yell at me for not opening the gate.
Bully me in middle school, better be ready for whata going to happen.
The story of my ex
Spoiled bitch pulls my hair, gets kicked out.
Enjoy your smoke, bitch
Fishing for PPI claims? Forget it.
I tricked annoying roommate into unknowingly publicly humiliating himself through song
Sure, No Rush on Our Security Deposit..
Steal my seat, feel my feet!
If you spoil Endgame, you'll learn something as punishment
Gatekeeping the building restrooms? Okay then...
People cheat on my test so I fail them
Prostitution in marching band
Someone mentioned panhandlers..
Don't mess with my parents!
Want to be rude and condescending? Enjoy your soggy bacon
Guy Abused my Summer Job, I Abused his Music Collection
I can be loud too
Banana phone
Wanna shovel snow on a roof at me? How about a snowy surprise!
A slice best served cold.
Revenge via Postage Meter.
Valentines Day stinks
Thank you r/copypasta
You blind me, I blind you harder
This is an oldie but goodie. Family stuff ahead, featuring my sister and her BFF.
The Panty Thief
Flash at me while I'm going the speed of traffic? Enjoy being boxed in!
Are these what you’re looking for?
Steal my Spotify Account? Hope you enjoy this masterpiece!
First time someone threw a soda cup at me from their car.
I played a player
My petty revenge on my brother
Harassment from estranged sister, time for revenge
Spam me and 200 other people via text? Get spammed 'inspirational' messages via text
I had to go two months without a shower or laundry, but I got the last laugh.
Wont stop annoying us? This is what you get
The time i got my classmates chances with a girl, ruined
Want to inconvenience commuters? Fine, let me inconvenience you!
Cyclists Should Obey Traffic Laws Too
Talk loudly on the quiet section of the train? Petty revenge occurs.
Princess gets put in place
SEEKING guidance on how to get r/pettyrevenge on my lotion-thieving co-worker
Uranus
Don't take my buns
Leave my lights on with doors open. I will curse your room with insects.
Don't feel like driving that far? Now you're driving even farther.
How to cure Cunt
Had to exact revenge for someone else today
Wake me up? Change your bike light.
Soggy piss shoes
Neighbours took parents to court so my Mum puts dead animals in their yard.
Non Stop Puppy pushes my Dad over the Edge
Coworker complains about free pizza
You drink from the bottle? You never drink again!
Manager causes mass quitting spree
A girl who bullied me and put me through a lot of traumatic shit in high school was stupid enough to make her work email public on her social media
Guy got into my eBay acct and tried to buy a phone. Dumbass never deleted his shipping info from my acct...
Oh I'm sorry, am I in your way on the highway? Let me help you choose the proper lane.
Be a jerk to me and I'll ruin your card deck
Be a lazy slob? Enjoy manual labor all weekend
Here! Have some telemarketers!
Dickwad gets broken tools
Guest leaves note in hotel room
Didn't tell my friend I was joking
Instant Karma hits ya right in the balls
You want to open and use a product that's for sale and not buy it? Fuck you.
Sterling Silver Custom Initial Cat Necklace
5 minutes late!
Messing with insecure/overly jealous boyfriends is fun.
Horrible camper nearly injures someone, I get some spooky revenge.
Rude patient? Sharp needle.
My Grandpa blows up a mailbox.
I get a guy fired
Revenge story in the making I need some ideas/plan suggestions!
Insult my parenting, I’ll stop doing nice things for you
Give me 'tude one more time doctors office receptionist!
Cut in line? Lose your gloves.
I was a pretty vengeful child
Tamper Tantrum Customer
Lady Uses My Numer For Her Shit For 3 Years, I Finally Do Something About It
Revenge for 29p.
Steal from me? There goes your special sparkle paint.
You're late to request a meeting, you'll get a useless email.
Cut me in line? Go weigh your mushrooms!
Take my phone when I'm not doing anything on it? I'll make you think you're going crazy
Passive aggressive pizza man Vs. Customers who ordered 5 mins before closing.
Found this on AITA, thought it was petty but great
Move your chair
Break into my neighbors' house and terrorize them? Enjoy your pizza of pain!
Inappropriate laundry etiquette
"Oh yeah! Lemme check on that."
Why not have another slice of cake?
Ew, gross
Be rude to an employee? I’ll embarrass you in front of everyone
Micromanaging again? No champagne for you!
Wont let me send forms via email? I hope you have lots of paper on your fax machine!
Consider your travel arrangements before you ruin our friendship
Switch me to decaf?!
Glitterbombing a locker hacker
Being petty at the gym, right back at ya
Using loud sex to combat noisy neighbors ending in orgasmic triumph
Vegan B gets her just desserts
Glitter to your Enemies
Uncomfortable accommodations and a corresponding hostess gift
Bitch about my cooking? Enjoy your cake.
Stabbed me in the Back, Huh? Prepare for Petty Over 9,000
Make my shift difficult? I'll ruin your morning.
My waitress decided to call me Jackie Chan to some of her co workers thinking I was out of earshot.(x-post from /r/pics)Shitty roommate likes to move other people's clothes from the dryer. I exacted my petty revenge.
Not my story, but one of the best revenge tales I have ever heard. "The Helpless Wife"
An abuser and an enabler receive some long-overdue justice.
Ex said she was going to commit death as a joke
Kevin Durant Responds After Being Called Out for Following Critic's Girlfriend on Twitter
Foot up my butt? Okay.
Boss doesn't need help so I don't help. Bashes me later. (X-post from IDon'tWorkHereLady)
Not revegne, make spend!
Abusive stepfather’s cup of tea.
LIVE - INCEL GETS REVENGE OVER DISCORD LOVE STORY
Citizens park on farmers land after repeated warnings, farmer enacts petty vengeance.
Be Rude &amp; Be Killed With Kindness
belittle me, no internet for you
My little slice of revenge pie
airplane asshole gets dick barfed
Sue you oh I'll do something much worse
Rednecks at a Vietnamese restaraunt...
My brother made my house smell like an opium den, I'll use his own slackness
Delayed revenge on horrible group project partner
Helping a 7th grader treat his bronchitis
Better luck next time!
Butter on my steak
He just sits on the couch and drinks beer
When my son decided to get next level petty
Flaky roommate
Revenge on girls being loud in the library during finals
Annoy Me With Your Phone, Maybe Work in Another Country
I make sure my school bully gets into trouble
Act like a jerk? Have fun fighting with your wife..
Crowd me in line will you?
Running in the hallway? Not on my watch!
Lay me off and then repost my job? I saw that...
You wanna DJ then so will I
Dealing with a loud bitch at work.
I still get angry when i think about the microwave.
Someone Stole From Me
Bad Person Gets a Piece of Petty Revenge
Be an asshole to the cashier? Enjoy disappointing your kids. (X-Post r/entitledparents)
Tell me to do my job more thoroughly, ok I'll just take yours.
If my roommate finds out what i did, he will try to kill me.
Annoying newly vegan friend revenge
A prank for a prank
Friend blows me off. Mediocre photo manipulation ensues.
Guess I'll parent for you
Mean neighbor yelled at my sweet mother
Spoil Endgame for me and many others then proceed to be racist towards me? Shouldn't have leaked your personal IG!
The pettiest of revenges
Currently waiting to exact my petty book revenge
She had it coming
I don't get it...so neither will you.
Keep me late at work? Enjoy your morning coffee.
Petty Revenge is the best kind of revenge!
Dog eats your cat toys? Deploy the stink bombs.
Ok, yeah, we'll clear the house.
Flash your crack at me? Get an ass full of fire.
How dare you write on my friend's car with permanent marker
I click the ticketmaster ads on Google search.
Hurt my sister? You can throw £10/mo down the toilet.
Petty revenge on my wife...
I regret nothing...
being a jerk to my friend? enjoy speaking in church next week
Nerd almost hit my car, so I cut him off &amp; he got rear-ended
H2O2 and partially cut seam
Will a sock covered in tuna juice attract flies?
Unexpected showers in the forecast.
I spat in everyone's drinks
I said, "Hey, what's goin' on?"
Your posts are bad, and you should feel bad.
Don't rush me when you're the asshole blocking traffic.
I sent a kid to the hospital by turning off the self-balancing mechanism on my hoverboard after he took it from me.
Franks and beans every day for a week...
Not taking training seriously? Enjoy my stank breath
Third Shift Grocery Cashier (Classic, 1990's)
Be a problem for everyone, have fun with your parents.
have a go at me while waiting to get served? watch me get served first
little kid calls me a fag have a breakdown
"Who the hell is Aaron Westerhoff?"
Fax me? Fax you!
Take that you mean professor!
Tap my face will you?
Please wait for assistance.
I got my roommate kicked out the shelter.
I waited 2 years to get my revenge on my ex best friend.
UPDATE - Little Buster misses his train
Rip me off, huh?
I'm just moving!
Bi-furious
"Ils me font chier ces tourists."
'DID YOU SAY SOMETHING?' aka Using Google to rek my bratty cousin.
Put it in the hamper!
Treat me terrible the whole relationship? Have fun smelling like throw up the rest of the day
Brother exacts his revenge on our mom
You don't read your CC. Then deal with your shit client.
Please don't throw my clothes on the floor!
My sister talked shit about Fortnite in front of me and my dad(the two biggest Fortnite fans I know). So I drank her gatorade.
Park in my drive way say good bye to using your car
Justice at the DMV.
My first experience with racism
My sister ate all my tortilla chips, so i'm throttling her wifi connection to 64kbps.
So you wanna lag the internet huh?
Better late than never.
Hope you enjoy your new paint job.
how to get revenge on bank charging sneaky fees
Catfishing Season!
Trash talking sister
I tricked my classmate into submitting a test completely wrong
Warehouse guy shut down entire factory
Stare to Assert my Dominance
No words from you? No words from me.
Don't let me use an unopened pair of earphones for college? You'll wait extra long for your delivery to arrive.
You need that extra five minutes on your phone. No worries I'll juse wait.
"Legally justified malicious compliance at it's most satisfying" should be the motto of this sub.
Redecorate my computer, and I'll shut yours down.
College housing neighbors from hell.
The time I "forgot" my boyfriend
So i ran into my old boss...
Don't want to let me sleep, I won't let you enjoy your video games.
old friend back-stabbed me
Sure you can leave your 3 small children in our lobby
Managers and their personal servers
Cheerleaders Hate Liars
Revenge Help!!
Silly tailgaters, the speed limit is for licensed drivers!
"You're only here for one week!" "OK then."
Buy your own toilet paper!
This coffee tastes delicious
Screw me over in our project and do nothing? I'll screw you over in return
Enjoy your cookie, buttface.
Sic the usher on me? Have some gas!
Petty Revenge worked out pretty good
You trim the trees, you pick up the branches
Beaten all of our site rivals as the top upcoming anime site
He should've apologised
Jukebox Hero
People who get impatient with inexperienced drivers.
Annoying a Craigslist rental scammer
Wanna be rude for no reason good luck getting out
Squatters? Not on my watch!
Enjoy your cat alarm clock!
Took out all underwear from sisters suitcase
Be rude to me over the phone? Enjoy your spider.
*Click.Click.Click.....*
How Porsche &amp; VW got revenge on Hedgefund Locusts
Siblings
One way ticket to me never ever using your service
Coffee shop musical chairs
An annoying brother
Tired of Relationship Bullshit... Sent Him Literal Bull Shit
Put your crap in my bathroom and leave it a mess? Have fun with no data.
Humiliate me. You' ll have a lifetime pain!
Old Lady Gets What She Deserves
Action Dan here, don't be loud as sin when I got a job and a two year old.
Getting my neighbors evicted
Enjoy your booger fingers
Unnecessary rudeness to essential worker
Last year's quips
Don’t try cutting through traffic unless you want to see how petty people truly are
Won't clean up ever? Then I'll stop.
How I ruined a kid's life
Racist wedding planner gets schooled on facts
Fast food worker revenge on asshole teenagers.
Please don't unplug a mentally handicapped janitor's vacuum.
Little red sports car
Cross Contamination
The Grinch of the LIRR
Finally felt like alpha dog!
Take my parking spot? Our whole department will block you in.
Not all neighbors are Mr. Rogers
Why is it impossible to post on this sub??
Didnt think i was really going to buy a car? Youre not getting any commission
Revenge involving an NHL legend
need help messing with somebody who deserves it
Delivering a little malicious compliance to my entitled aunt.
Hipster tries his sassy bullshit on a judge
Awful lady claims she cannot lift groceries after I bag them
Rude Man Gets Revenge-Produce Edition
Slow burn revenge on ex, which I'll sadly never witness.
Just bought the name-sake domain of this bitch at work and directed it to Rick Astley, lol. Could I up my game without crossing any lines?
Sorry Lady, 12 Items or Fewer in the Express Lane
I made a tailgater destroy his suspension and potentially more
Photographer wants to take pictures of casualtys? Gets Camera taken away by paramedic.
A biker, a diver and a skunk
By sheer luck I got a girl to eat all of the hot Doritos
Never Screw a Girl Over
Use all the towels? Have fun finding one!
Douchebag of a cousin kept insulting me so I did something painful to his dick while asleep.
Aggressively attempt that turn? Time imperceptibly stands still for you.
Park menace
I hope you enjoyed your job while it lasted.
How I got a girl's Art Award revoked
Where’s my donuts
Anyone play the 6-player game on Tetris Friends?
Killed a guy in a video game after he insulted me
Steal my drink, good luck sleeping
Forget my name? Alright.
I taught my roommate a valuable lesson in roommate etiquette.
Rude Neighbor attacks kids and elderly with sprinklers
Old man felt entitled to try to cut in front of because his order was to go...
Dog shit
Mid-year update, landlord cunt being paid rent at latest possible time
My mom asked for her car back
Racist jerk gets his comeuppance
Don’t want to wash your own dishes? No brownies for you.
What a lovely day, don't you agree?
Don't want to go turn off the light you left on? Have fun trying to sleep.
Toddler Talks to Telemarketer!
Customer making fun of my accent, I make it way thicker
A lie for a lie
A Man of Many Hats
So you're not comfortable throwing money at the problem?
Happy birthday
Sad luck story
My "Friend" Tried to screw me over in a video game, Ruined his video game life (Repost)
I'm entitled to lean my chair back you know...
My mother in law hates me so I'm framing pictures of myself to give her for Christmas.
Blow off your interview? Enjoy getting carded
Enjoy your lower grade.
D*ck Head Attorney thinks he is too good for copies!
Snitch on me to the supervisor? Hope you enjoyed being called out.
You're not the only ones in the building
I know you're only six years old, but here's a lesson, kid
You only play COD you say?
How to get back at selfish roommates?
A tale of two laundries
Cause me to be self conscious? I'll steal your karma
Sign mom's anniversary party guest book. Not a guest, just a walk in drunk ... get erased.
Insult me? All your base are belong to us!
Steal my parking spot
Petty revenge for rude swimmer
Nothing but crickets
Asking for advice for possible revenge (?)
Slushy road revenge.
Want to end class early, eh?
Tik Tok Pets
Shoe Factory revenge
I can passive-aggressive with the best of them.
Try to skive off during work? Enjoy having no breaks then.
He cheated so I fucked him after getting creampied
My small acts of revenge on a primary school jerk
I waited 3 years to create a Tinder account for my cheating ex.
You enjoy parking in two spaces? Enjoy having to put your wipers down.
Revenge on a bitchy customer.
Sorry I took your spot, but fuck you
Some guys go around saying I had sex w/ them
I'm sick of my housemate using my shower.
Act like a child, have some adult catalogs!
Don't steal a watch in a room with CCTV
Ask other people to do your homework? Not happening.
“Borrow” (steal) my swim goggles without my permission? Enjoy being late to warmup!
I can’t even be petty, it’s like ... ultra mild
Cut me off in line at the car wash, I'm going to make the puppy love ME more than YOU
Roommate wouldn’t clean after his dog so I was petty
Faggot Brother in Law was a dick. (LONG)
Don't make jokes at my expense
Pushing through to depart an airplane and not for a connecting flight.
(MILD) Video Game Revenge
Always pay your debts
Jump ahead in the checkout line? I'll impede your exit.
Should've paid attentionYou want to have loud gay sex in a public bathroom? Enjoy listening to me take a farty ploppy shit while you climax.
I need help to exact but I don’t know where to post links?
Boss treats me like shit for years? He ain't getting no new fridge!
State-Sanctioned Pettiness
$0.50 a page to fax!! Oh hell no!
So, ya like breakin' stuff, do ya?!?
You think you can steal my drawings?
You scream, I’ll clean the room
Brother pulled down my pants revenge
Timing and context are always important
Pizza delivery revenge
Request: A woman on the bus I need help finding ways to enact some petty revenge.
You didn't do your work? Not my problem.
Down with the 'PrL'
Talk to the hand? Cool talk to your bank for a new debit card.
Exposing a hypocrite
I used my friend’s bath towel to wipe his piss off the toilet seat
Ex bestie blamed me for ruining her birthday, she has a lot more to cry about now.
Got awful poke after terrible service, went to Yelp.
Park in the EV Charging Only space? Enjoy your citation.
the one with the paint
The pettiest of road rage
Steal my steam account, i steals hundreds of £s back
4 Short Anecdotes Of Petty Revenge (I did not do these, they were in my family and stepfamily)
Kid scams 5$ from me pays 20$
Food Warfare
Facebook
Sweet, sweet revenge at the Front Desk
Make Me Walk? Fine, But You'll Get More Than You Asked For
I stole his pears: an animal crossing revenge.
Ruin my semester? I’ll isolate you in your own apartment.
Abuse and fat shame your own daughter? Watch how I destroy your priceless garden.
You better behave, kids!
it's not hat much but
Want me to do dishes? Sure...
Oh no! Was your bike stolen?
He stole my Gundam!
Don't Take High School Gym So Seriously...
Have a Nice Day
I gave you 25 cheeseburgers, not 20! Five more?! Coming right up, sir!
Steamed Customer
Peak Pettiness And I Loved It
Just fucking let me watch the Office
Be inconsiderate neighbors? No more free wi-fi.
don't let me pee?
Inconsiderate? You get no wifi.
Road rage
I destroyed my HS bully and he never bothered me again
Don't appreciate my efforts? I'll turn your sassy aunts on you.
The mail in rebate was a lie...
Gimme kiss!
On your cellphone on the highway?
My brother stole my food so I started a GoFundMe for him.Annoying Margot
How I handled a neighbor from hell
Do I know you?
Screw us on rent during a pandemic? That’s fine you’ll sleep on the floor.
Do the Dew
How would you like your change?
Traffic revenge
Subway worker is a bitch
no sleep for me, no sleep for you!
Making sure the toilet paper is replaced properly
Douche Bag in Car forced to admit he's wrong
Have a fun rest of your commute, ya jerk!
"The Statistics of Petty Revenge" or "Procrastination and Regression"
Confronted my bully and felt okay about that even though my classmates thought I was the one in the wrong
I called out on Black Friday
Bully constantly bullies shy bookworm, bookworm humiliates bully in front of entire class
I played the long game
Took an elevator up 1 floor today...
Destroyed my exes underwear collection.
No drama for u
Judge me for how I'm dressed? Lose my business.
Ex is annoying in class, so I get him kicked outBuilders with a bad sense of humor get what they deserved
Guess I'll just take them both... and you can go to the station.
Grandpa and the fuel thief
Take things up to your superior? My pleasure.
Be snippy with me? Say goodbye to your precious pens!
"No... Not right now."
suggestions for revenge on my neighbours? (because of their loud moaning)
Leave me no gas? Have fun with your not-music!
Oh wait, you're that person everyone hates!
‘Spiked’ MILs famous mash
My Sims character got destroyed by my sister.
Don't stock your bathroom? Sucks for you and me
Can’t wait 5 minutes for the school bus? Enjoy your encounter with the police.
Have you found the true Lord and Savior Jesus!?
Medusa
Saw this on tumblr and thought it would be good here
So this revenge sort of took care of itself, I was merely a witness...
Just a dash of comeuppance
Inconsiderate upstairs neighbors
Dunkin Doughnuts CB/Petty Revenge
My manager spammed me with calls so I did kthe same back.
Contractor gets called stupid by an engineer, checks if engineer busness name is registered. Buys the enigeers buisness name... then escilates
My poop story
Enjoy the rear end of that trailer
Rat me out for the work you are supposed to be doing anyway?
Don't use my PC without asking!
Double Trouble: A Petty Revenge Story
"Could you bag my groceries as heavy as possible?"
The bitch who can't handle a bad review.
Cheat on me then harass me for dumping you? Listen to me bang someone else :)
Take a while to go on green, get a ticket
Insult me? I won't help you clean up!
Too Impatient For An Answer? You'll Wait, Then I'll Make You Late
Did you give out my number?
Guy in a Saturn acts like Uranus
My brother still thinks our parent's house is haunted.
Dumping your trash on the ground? You look thirsty.
Sharing with the neighbors
10 years later you get less bacon.
I'm a simple man: I see it, I eat it.
Petty revenge on pizza chain restaurant
Cheat on my Cousin, Lose your Shirt
The time I took away months of hard work from a scammer
The sign on the door says "chemicals in use".
Honk at me because you want to move up 2 feet in a line?
Grumpy Professor
a tale of a bad pet owner
This made my senior year
Insurance wouldn't authorize one of my patients- so I spammed their fax

"sugar mom" trying to scam me by asking for a $50 steam gift card before sending allowance
Forks.
You use my wifi. I take it away.
If you can’t stand the heat get out of the kitchen.
Hold up my line? I'll ruin your selfie!
Spit and Shine
Skimp me $50 I’ll just take back my $460
A 2 year old at my son's daycare keeps biting and pushing him.
Petty Febreze Revenge
Petty revenge on telemarketing
Sorry I don’t have any dollars
Scammers call me every week. Sir, you called an abortion clinic
Bully gets what he deserves: Psyschological warfare:
What did you say?
Harass my best friend? Spend your flight south with regret and an awkward boner.
Two dishes best served cold.
We yell truck yeah. School says truck no.
My voice is loud
The fee to park there is accepting one bag of poop
Enjoy studying in break~!
Little inconveniences = petty revenge
I AM IN CHARGE OF THE BUTTER SAUCE
Park like a douche? Have a windshield full of soda
Lil bro spews straight parrot-shit
Pa
Turn stile petty stuff
Hope you enjoy the hike, asshole
how about I dry your laundry for you?
Call the cops on me, well enjoy the music.
This dude cheated on my best friend so...
Wanna steal part of this business? Have some revenge instead.
My boss likes to micromanage...but not for long.
Don't honk at me in my own driveway.
Laundry and Lazy Roommate
Hope you've got AAA
Coworker who actively talks down about my team to the rest of the company just got promoted to MY team....she forgot I control the travel plans for MY team
Fine, I quit then.
Bathroom work and "Taco Sparkle"
Don’t mess with me and my milk!
You blank me I annoy u
Block my car in a handy capped spot... Now you can't leave
Grilled Stuffed Burrito, not grilled?
Stealing my neighbors trash can
Bark while I’m sleeping? Good luck having an afternoon nap.
My two-year-old daughter gets to bounce wherever she wants.
Cut in line? Well then, don't expect to go anywhere fast
My ex wants a second chance
Icing out the shovel-stealing neighbors
Shitty service drivers
Walk in the middle of the lane? Pick up some pants on the way out
Ex-girlfriend fabricated a pregnancy, looking to get some revenge
No, owning a Ferrari does not give you permission to speed, nor overtake on a suburban road
Enjoy that fish, line-cutters!
Kicked out of group project THE DAY BEFORE ITS DUE
Line jumper revenge
Can't put your cart away? I got you.
Be rude to me, I’ll flip you off!Break my bike? Have fun paying for it and buying a new tire for your bike.
Underdog Class Petty Revenge on Prof
You prefer the noise of babies crying? Cool!
Take my beer? Well I'll make it difficult for you.
You want me to paint?
Teacher's revenge on little turd
First time, shame on me. Second time, shame on you.
.:How I Got Back At My Middle School Bully:.
Accidentally got revenge on food thief!
Why the f*ck is my phone so slow?!
Don't lecture people. EVER.
Try to speed around in the right lane on a two way highway? Have fun getting shamed by everyone
What goes around, comes around...your waist.
Steal my RuneScape God swords and take my 20m? I'll cut off your internet bitch.
Welding a lot? Not with tied shoes...
All mine....Bwahahahaha
Jid tried to make me jealous, ended up with broken glasses and a red face
Petty Garage Sale Revenge
Noisy neighbors don't like it when their neighbors are noisy.
Loud neighbours
Honk at me for a close parking spot at a sports facility? You better believe I'll make you wait.
Hipster tries his sassy bullshit on a Judge.....at the court
You won't put your seat back on my aeroplane bitch
I don't think I want the overage this time. Thanks!!
I (sort of) Destroyed the Social and School Life of the Kid who Cyberbullied Me
Cut my hours at work, make me miss a funeral and waste my holidays?
Custom jigsaw puzzle revenge
The ceramic bunnies
Don't rely on me for your grade.
Mess with a scammer's email
That’s what happens when you don’t pay your bills.
Hospital bill revenge
Try to skip out on presentation? Nah not so fast
Train courtesy
35 wonderful seconds of revenge
Hope you like the smell of grass
Want to enjoy your TV/radio at high volumes late at night? Enjoy some disturbing static noise with the brother's compliments.
Disrespecting your trainer? Enjoy some extra work.
Refuse to wash your mug, enjoy your morning coffee with a heaping scoop of fart
I put bread on the car that blocked me in.
Bully steals my key, has to spend 12 hours with a greasy foot.
Can't wait to buy your FroYo? Fine. I'll show YOU...
I hate my coworker/ex-pal that I work a few feet from. I silence my sneezes so that I don't have to hear her say "bless you"
Pharmacy wastes my time so I waste theirs.
Boyfriend went to the bar without me
Phone scam revenge
I Hate Crappy Parking
College Expels student for finding flaws in their network
Turned the gym TV channel to "The Third Reich" on history channel
Wife stayed out late after work with a "friend."
Hop you enjoy your seat.
Guy I ran a Minecraft server with highjacked the server and screwed me out of over £1000, so I destroyed it all
Petty Revenge On My Chihuahua
Going to die? Walk it off!
Plastic Saturn vs. the Parking-Spot-Panzer: Saturn wins!
Gonna hurt my friend? Well I'll show you in front of the entire university!!!
Revenge against the bully
Revenge in the beginning of computer use
Annoying line manager set up to warn potential new employers what he really was.
Want to be a dick on Kijiji? Fine, I'll eat some bad chili.
Road Rage Revenge
Manager does things, just cause she can
So you're not in a hurry? Okay then I guess you don't need to overtake, right?
Random redditor wouldn’t stop messaging after a firm No, so I deleted my account on him.
Don’t steal parking spaces after a blizzard!
Unintentional revenge on my dad
Awful Math Project Partner Gets What's Coming
Dad teaches mailbox bashers a lesson
Loyalty does not mean $6 000
Gonna blind me with full beams while I'm reversing? Well enjoy the taste of your bumper scratch.
Want to protest in front of my job? I hope you like muddy water!
No sports on in the office? Prepare for March Madness
My friend has a very unique way of dealing with gas stations that don't let him pay after he pumps.
If You Are Gonna Be Dumb Then I'll Treat You In A Dumb Way
Well now you know how it feels, asshole
I told you to be quite but you didn't listen. Then you had to call me an A**hole.
Be an ass, no wifi for you
Not me but a co-worker...
I’m still in training for a job I got hired for a month ago but boss and coworkers try to make my life a living hell and don’t bother to train me so...
Bully another student? Face my wrath. (Update to 1st PR)
Love thy neighbor
Small Revenge at Work
They took advantage of those wrong person.
Impatient rude worker yells at me for being too slow. Gets a taste of his own medicine.
Don't let me merge into the on ramp lane? Ill see you again fool!
Well, since you seem to want it so badly, you can have it then.
Oh you like riding my ...rear with high beams on?
Don't make promises you can't keep .....
Don't clean up messes you created? I'll create one for you.
My soon to be ex husband told me I was too fat to have sex with.
Fuck your mittens.
Exhibit Blatant Hypocrisy On Christmas? Enjoy Having It Rubbed In Your Face Every Year Since.
Petty revenge on a school bully.
Girls may want to have fun, but strangers want peace and quiet on a plane
Petty revenge for petty reasons; a tale of dates and formals
Boss yelled at me for over a mistake
He wouldn't get his stuff - so I helped pack with some extra
That's a lot of yellow
I knew my boss was going to lay me off for almost a month. So, I started mis-filing everything in the cabinets, and then put in my two-weeks notice the day I was set to be laid off.
My ex stole my Netflix account
I am petty and I think we should all be petty together, so let's get petty with it!
Sick of being a mushroom
College Tales - Girls Do Not Attend Honors Chemistry - Girls do not Understand Logic - TLTR at end
Have a "sniff" of your own medicine, mouth breather.Let my dog suffer? No internet for you.
Exposed my sister's bitchiness
I burned my boss' tongue for not giving me a promotion and burned my co-workers' tongues for good measure
Revenge of petty tall employee
"Bag of Ice" isn't an answer to "How are you?"
Bully me? I've left a chocolate surprise in your shoes.
Bed, Bath and BEYOND UNREASONABLEPettiness with door-holding at the office
How I wasted a fake Microsoft phone scammer's time.
Have your followers Threaten me? Let me crash your Instagram.
Today I got fed up with customers who talk on the phone while ordering their food from me
Stood my coworker up several times? Now you can't step in my company!
Rude customer karma
Today I went to Kmart.
Treat me shit, get what you deserve.
I wasn’t looking at what was good or bad
I didn't believe in Karma until now.
Throw my clothes on the floor, they’ll have some company
Some years ago in a dumb game (or more like chatroom)
I don’t recommend posting Sarahah in your Instagram bio
I'm moving out in 2 weeks
Waitress Gets Petty Revenge on New Waitress
Play games, get framed
That guy with credit problems, and you get his phone number after.
Ways to get revenge on someoneGetting revenge on a rude girl on meet call!
I was drunk last night and pissed at my boyfriend. I used his eos chapstick to write “douchebag” on the coffee table.
Road trip pee break
DM an underaged girl asking to be her sugar baby. I’ll pretend to call the police on you
(LONG) Got some petty revenge on a 2 faced former friend who talked about me behind my back and vaguebooked me
Want to bully me out of the apartment? That'll be $20,000.
Thank you James, Q and Bruce
Talk shit about my friend enjoy your club shutting down
Neighbor mows his lawn at night, karma pays him a visit.
MOW THE LAWN! Ok
Too cool to study like everyone else? Guess I´ll just up the heat ;)
Annoying Scammers
Stringing someone along? Time for revenge!
Oh, $2,000 and a diamond ring is not enough for the Dower in the marriage? Enjoy being unmarried
This is what happens when you tailgate my like an asshole
Font-Enthusiast teacher acts like an asshole, gets essays in comic sans.
New to the job and already demanding? Don't plan on getting away with it!
Revenge on a lazy co-worker
Road rage in the rain.
My uncle ran some petty revenge on me.
Man of many woes
Wanna blast music outside my window? Fine, now we both have a headache.
Try to out-loud the musicians? Bet.
You make fun of my question, I make fun of your email.
Ride the shoulder? I'll slowly dig your grave.
Car Warranty phone call - Sign me up!
I angered a substitute teacher to the point of flipping over a desk and quitting
Back in the good-old days of MS-DOS
u/omegaweapon successfully trolls a small town of racist rednecks after installing a cell phone tower
Water with no ice
Got accused of leaving an oven on, so we called around to prove it wasn't me
Rude concert people got what they deserved
I make them wait
Petty revenge on a douche off-duty employee
Short and sweet, and definitely petty.
I accept your hours of sleep as compensation for doing the dishes
Restaurant delivered everything but for some reason will not deliver their burgers
Drunk douche in a rush harassing me and my co-workers - sure!
Lousy job, City snowplow revenge!
Too little, too late.
Yelling at me won't improve your bad day.
Petty Revenge on the Post Office (Deutsche Post)
An app forced me to watch an ad, so I put my phone facedown and glared at it for 30 seconds.
In which I seek revenge for constantly getting woken up at 4:30am
Aged 6, I put soap on my dads toothbrush
Turned up the heat
Petty revenge on petty friend.
Cut me off? Ok. Enjoy your new paint job
Cheat on me wth your “best friend”? Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned
Kid bullies me in primary school but he gets the taste of his own fate
Trying to copy my hard work? Well try harder next time dude
ask to know t-shirt printing machine price
“I don’t believe you”
Revenge on a Package Thief
Be rude to my friend? Enjoy your garage sale.
Parking justice dispensed
Revenge for getting peed on
The difference between Saliva and Spit
ID please
Don't mess up my department
Cut my friend in line? Fuck you
Friend hogs snacks, good luck getting your bag!
Need advice on plotting my revenge!
That's what you get for breaking my sandcastle.
Revenge of Billy the (Put-Upon Lawn-Mowing) Kid
I'm Getting Failing Grades? Well Then So Is My Nana...
That's my husband.
4 yo Me gets petty revenge on little annoying child
Upvote / Downvote
Greasy revenge
Petty Revenge on my Spanish Teacher
Dog takes revenge on me
Wanna spend our anniversary day with a girl you just met online? Sure,I'll spend our day with a hot ass motorcyclist.
My ex girlfriend in college when I broke up said I was cheating on her and going to ask out that girl, causing me to call my Gay friend if he wanted to hookup.
My Terrible School
Leave tampons on my counter, enjoy cuddling with them.
U MAD BRO !!
I heard you like Bruce Springsteen
Do you smell that?!
I've had it with the neighbors and wish I could sell my home!
How my uncle cost a car dealership $300k
Dont want to clean? Ok then...I blackmailed a pervert boy into calling the strip club
Mess up my shoes and I'll make sure you go away empty handed
Your dog chews it up, its now yours
Should I or shouldn't I?
Channeled Inner Cosmo Kramer to Get Revenge on Contractor
Fairy Types are Weak? Fight me.
Subtle Social Petty Revenge
Being Petty to a Co-worker
Team Fortress Revenge
I put parking tickets on my Grad Cap after campus police fined me 10 times
In a hurry? Let me slow you down.
Lose your temper with me multiple times because I'm not a mind reader, have fun walking back to the yard.
Dude gets caught with about 120 km/h in a 50km/h zone
Don’t ruin my anniversary
Teacher traumatized me for dumb reasons, I use the power of words 10 years later.
Need some revenge ideas for a crappy neighbor.
Bully me in middle school, have fun being expelled and being in trouble through middle school.
I made every day annoying for my pedantic and evil stepmother
I bet this post will drive hos crazy so dont reply if you are stupid
Happy new year asshat
No tip for talking about us in another language.
Shh... this is a library
Want to brag about your awesome sex life?
Classic workplace revenge
Oh revenge in the form of karma tastes so sweet.
Best friend turned arch nemesis!
Free Ice Cream Please :•}
Little me, the kid who had enough.
Trolled at the petrol station!
Oh, officer?
Yawn ridiculously loud, hum, and talk ti yourself on the bus, lose your legroom.Montezuma's Revenge
Neighbour captures/kills my cats
Grandpa gets nasty
Crosstraining
Save a few minutes, lose a few hours
Try to pull familial rank on me?
Is it even revenge if the victim never notices?
Blue soda water? Dumbass...
Annoy me? Well take that!
Revenge of the Shifts
Dangerously overcrowd the elevator? Enjoy your 20 minute ride.
Don't get mad, get revenge
Walmart x Old Lady
Question: Where do you send revenge porn?
Don't Be Nice, Pay The Price
I added $12.24 to their fine
Revenge is best served...strawberry?
Joke about having coronavirus and fail to respect social distancing while on the job, then tell me to "do something?"
Bitchy coworker and the Christmas gift
Casual racism met with even more casual racism
Axe-crack
If smelly feet is what you want, that's what you're gonna get
Revenge is a dish best served bitter.
Sulk and slam around? Enjoy the beeping.
Put Christ back in Christmas!
I put up a fake light switch in the officestop taking other people's drinks
Whiny neighbor complains about trailer, gets a nice view of it.
new roommate says her dog is house trained, but he's not. enjoy the pet stains and your pee bed.
Weasel Won't Work, Wins Wrath
Ghost me
Flip me off and hit me? I'll call the police.
You tell me to wait? I'll wait
I don't hear you doing homework.
Anytime someone tips me under 15% but enough for the bill to be a whole number, I mess it up.
You wanna be a dick during rush hour in public transport in NYC
Annoying guy makes homophobic remarks about my friend
Don’t honk at me
I peed in his kitchen sink.
Crazy neighbor vandalizes car, cops can't do anything. How to exact revenge? The Sh!ttiest way possible.
Annoying "actress" gets on my nerves
No... I didn't forget what you have done for me.
Two Can Play This Biological War Game
Revenge of the second grader
Pram woman
a short story about my neighbours
Cinnamon rolls have never tasted so good
Keep Taking Two Spots, One Day You'll Learn Your Lesson.
Please, take us to court
Talk shit? Get banned.
Revenge on old racist lady
Taste of Death
I'll stick to laughing...
Prank call me? Nice shoes.
Poor guy, I hope his truck is alright.
Disregard my space? Eat a fart, lady.
This woman whom I dont know........
Did not replace the toilet roll
Another Tale of Elevator shenanigans!
I'll make sure you get your soda ma'am.
Bed Wars
I will font you up
Thanks for holding the door for me.
Someone in the dorm room next to me plays shitty medieval music.
You're gonna cut me off? I'm gonna block you in
Be loud and obnoxious while I'm playing with my friends? Enjoy your "glitchy" of Internet!
The time I destroyed my Middle School Principal in a Parent/Student Conference
Ideas please
My sister thinks she’s tough
Wanna make me embarassed by exploiting my shyness? Enjoy EVERYONE thinking we're a couple.
Dog does petty revenge
One way or another, you will slow down for me.
Fake ID
Just little things I do to a bitchy neighbour
Project over spring break? Got my petty revenge
Revenge on a pedophile.
CROWD 1 Making millionaires in just a month!!! The easiesy way to make money ever!!! Instant payment and ownership of shares!! Fastest growing network!!
Act entitled and haughtily order me to do something I was going to do anyway? That'll cost you . . .
Petty passive office pranks: nerf guns and the twilight zone
Don't fuck with the locals.
I prefer the back of the room.
Honk at me over a spot? Enjoy being late to class!
Rude homeless dude goes away hungry
I told her to turn it down.
I ended his teaching career, forever.
Now he can spend time working on his "Jump to Conclusions" Mat.
All I had to do was wave!
Act presumptuous, incur unnecessary shipping charges
Keep us up all night? Enjoy not watching your game
Ride operator with no regards for safety gets what he deserves
Oh, you're gonna be rude to me and snap your fingers at me? I just happen to forget your extra tartar sauce.
made a teacher spend over £100 because she yelled at me.
Seriously dude, Learn your own email!!!
Rent-A-Cop Revenge
How can I get him back with his phone number
Can't stop backseating? I think otherwise.
Vandalize my brand new car? Bad idea.
11 Man Revenge (X-post from /r/prorevenge)
No, dear. I haven't seen your glasses.
Pretended to know a passenger that insisted on chatting
My super petty revenge
Petty work revenge
I supersized a bullying bitch
So lonely
Think you can spam me hate mail on Dark Souls II and get away with it? How about I make your PvP experience a living hell.
Need Help With Petty Revenge !
Wake me up, huh?
Got back at my abusive ex
Brat gets beat up by a little kid
Revenge on terrible neighbour
Give me detention for not having a glue stick? Say goodbye to your entire Harry Potter book collection.
I think of spraying the car of my ex best friend
The only person allowed to make a mess with my toothpaste is me
She scratched my leg
Too lazy to train your dog?
The Dog Bite
YOU get a smoke break? I get a "smoke break".
Tread carefully, job hunters. Your recruiter might be petty.
"Something smells" let me fix that :)
Better you than I
revenge on bossy cousin
You wanted me to get you a job, then blow me off? Okay!
So you want to draw disgusting things on the board while the teacher's out of the room? Good luck erasing it!
Be careful with your towel
Get loud, I'll show you.
The person who fired me three years ago got fired today.
A web of revenge
System Notes cue petty revenge on bitchy customers
Oh, so you decided to steal one of our parking spots? Enjoy your ticket, courtesy of the Vigilante Valet Service.
Don't cut in line or fluffy revenge is coming your way.
Sleddy Revenge point of view 1
My supervisor and boss exact revenge on annoying client
Be rude to my cats on minecraft, well say bye-bye to your Minecraft dog
That's some nice candy you have over there.
Don't mess around with a miner
Steal my headphones? I'll send you home
You're gonna take my clothes out the dryer? FU
I hate her.
Inconsiderate to the other tenants and refuse to take responsibility for your child? Good bye.
Good news! A spot opened up on the team for John!
He won the battle, I won the war.
I am not a meal ticketWe've been robbed!!
Teacher Offends Friend and Blind Mother
How’s this for one of the most diabolical, two year planned, petty revenge stories involving my ex?
Try to make me pay for you losing your Drivers licence? Get ready to be late to your job.
Try to push me and my blind friend out of the priority seats when we have the right to sit here? Enjoy the judging stares, bitch.
Got a stalker whos actively harrassing me, my potential known assiciates, my family, HER OWN family, her neighbours, my neighbours
Made my life hell for years, now you pay the price.
This sub grows less petty every day
So... you want me to abide by road rules, but only when it suits you?
Roommate Revenge.
Welcome to the true New Jersey!
Finally I had the chance to take some petty revenge! During a museum visit
Entitled customer pays more than she bargained for
Killing 'em with Kindness--And Chocolate
Want to swerve all over the road and tailgate me doing 85MPH? Enjoy your DUI!
Littering has consequences
Pee in Snow on Car
Grocery Store Karma
Squeeze me in for a massage, Texting
Motherfucker Cut Me in Line
Boyfriend punched me so I’ll never let him forget
Music to my ears
Extremely petty seat revenge
How I won the dorm Annoying Music War
Got revenge on someone else's behalf.
The Activist of Darkness
"Lost" 20 dollars, just to spite an idiot buyer
Mom cussed me out, I agree with her.
Sweet, sweet revenge
Petty father, petty son
Happy Holidays from your brother
Don't treat me like a child.
Deliberately locked my room? Say bye-bye to your hard work of 4 months.
LP revenge
Sweet Marshmellowy revenge
Steal my ice? You'll have to wash your hand!
Use my stuff? Get my stuff on your face.
Abandon your dogs for hours? Here's a poop soaked leash!
Boomer comes back like a boomerang (pun intended)
I boxed my cousin in so he couldn't leave on time
Sorry, I need ALL these safety pins.
"Your costume is boring."
My mom got Petty-Revenged by a gas attendant
Give me a look for not bringing my own bag... that's fine.
To the popped collar douche in the white Porsche that cut me off while walking to pay a parking meter. . .
I'm rubber, you're glue. Whatever you say bounces off of me and punches you in the face
Leave your business cards on my car and all over the car park?
Don't git mad on the river!
Take a girl's personal tips? You're an asshole. Good thing I'm one too.
Try to make me do your work?!
Had a creepy disrespectful man buy me a plane ticket
Tell me I'm not funny!?
Get snappy at me, I'll throw unnecessary procedures at you!
Crazy high school story
Don't complain about noise that isn't there.
Bi the way, I got there first.
Then Guinness Story
To the immature kid in the game
Wanted: Advice on how to execute proper revenge
reposting public photos - onlyfans content
Campsite jerk tried to bully us. Nope.
Pharmacy bitch has to wait.
Want some free chips, enjoy a scratched up car.
A windy revenge
I'm a petty yet convincing liar.
That time some girls tried to cone me
Call me a freak because my prices are a tiny bit too high? I think I'll mess with you for a bit.
Never Piss Off a Blind Chick
Annoying classmate cause me to snap
Won't wash your dishes? Fine I'll do it for you.
Tailgate me, get pulled over, OR, The single most evil thing I have ever done.
My Abusive Mum Didn't Want Me Talking With My Boyfriend So I Started Playing Video Games With Him Even More
Tell me to stop singing? I'll sing louder and get others to sing too!
Best revenge I've ever done
Meth is bad for your teeth and hair
Help a Racist Move? Sure!
My uni decided to stick these in the hallways of a building.
Kid steals my things so I steal his important test grade from him
Throw a plum pit into my yard? How about 35 in YOURS
Car cuts me off, happens to be heading in my direction, try something I always wanted to try.
Alice in Chains on repeat
Loud children, in my theatre?
No salt fries
Take my friends pencil
This little light of mine ...x9
Lingerie revenge
Put Karen on probation for "tripping me with a flatbed"
Getting revenge on old asshole coworkers buy complaining on them ... when they make a mistake
No food? Gibb family for you.
Circle of pettiness
Update: My irresponsible roommates
First thing in the morning
Peppercorns
Make fun of my hobby and enjoy a detention.
Eat Cool Whip you ungrateful bitch.
The Ultimate List of All the Stuff You Can Anonymously Ship Your Enemies
Dealing with the loud bitch at work.
Okay story time about my cheating ex.
Idiot tried to steal my story. I told my 6,000+ followers about her and alerted all her other victims.
My Classmate Failed At Being First One Inside.
Racist roofer loses business (hopefully)
Rude waitress goes too far.
I don't know what to name this
Revenge is a dish best served cold
Tattooist calls out my tattoo artist for “photoshop”, gets hundreds of thousands of views/promo for him instead in reposts.
Come on time to the bus
this didnt really need revenge, and my friend and i were just going to walk out and take the 'high road,' but then my friend couldnt resist because he is beautifully petty.
Duchebag wants HIS phone back!
Thanks for proving yourself to be a shallow douchebag!
Self check out at Walmart
All Artwork is Our Property
Construction Next Door
Ms mommy knows her Origami
Enjoy your new seat settings.
Towed, but got my payback.
Don't mess with young RangoAnimations
Neighborhood Jerk Almost Run’s Me Over - I React Appropriately
Steal my fancy mechanical pencil? Get the spit valve.
Disturb my class? Enjoy an electrostatic shock.
Put me in an impossible situation? Enjoy a loss in revenue
Eavesdrop on our private conversation? Enjoy a fake 'Game of Thrones' spoiler.
How i got back at a company prevent me from progression
X-Posted from Pro Revenge - Merry Christmas! I quit.
Two students try to reserve computers at the university
Found out my ex (boyfriend) was a pick up artist - ruined one of fave food for him
Want to date my ex-husband? Be forewarned, he likes revenge.
My bf cheated on me so I pretended I had syphillis
Pull out my earbuds? Hope you enjoy getting expelled!
I Hope Owning That Microwave For Five Minutes Was Worth It
Don't be a dick to a customer who is minding her own business
You play wanna be cop, I play Woodsy the owl ( maybe nsfw b/c language)
I need your petty help
Coworker doesn't like hearing languages besides EnglishWhat can I do?
Want to not ship my items out after seven months? Have fun with me getting the same [rpdict for free from your friend
My dad thought I was tampering with the wifi, so I actually did tamper with the wifi
Next door neighbour is a bellend so I enjoy lots of petty revenge!
Don't you dare watch that show without me!Take my pillows, thanks for the beer.
Did I take it too far for $120
Be pissy about me lose your group project
No we will not let you cut in front of us...or behind us
Don't you dare come thru my drivethrough 20 minutes before we close and be rude to my coworkers.
Purr-fectly Dry Revenge!
Umbrella revenge
Call me names and be mean? You will have spider in your purse
Wan't to wipe your arse using up all my baby wipes instead of using toilet paper then a single baby wipe. Feel the sting my friend. Feel the sting.
Rented a billboard to ruin a teacher's reputation that bullied me
Change your last names to the guy my wife cheated with you lose your college fund
I will never be her friend again
Drove 200 miles to see my friend to be ditch for netflix and chill
Never got bullied again after I showed her my paper
Mom abuses my friend
I told you I am an atheist and don't want to go to church!
You bullied me? What was your name?
My Brother, his girlfriend of 3 months and her kids
Steal my things? Get burnt.
Ask me to wait then take two orders that should have been after me? Enjoy counting, bitch.
Racist food server at college gets what he deserved.
Asshole teacher gets a stinky revenge
How I got back at a teacher for making the whole class read, even if they didn't want to!
Homophobic “friend”
No vanilla sprinkled donuts for a thief
A bang in the night
He cheated on me, so I sent him on a treasure hunt.
Keep using my Netflix profile, mysterious family member
I “buy” EK fortnight and ban him from “his own account” (originally posted on entitled arents subreddit)
"Sorry for the delay, there are idiots on the Tube."
Any comment asking the OP to x-post the post will be removed and the user banned, PM op instead.
Trumpet Troll steals Drumstick Bag, Karma Makes him its bitch
Pay attention in class, kids
My revenge
Looking for advice
Waste class time over one point on a quiz? Here's a small detail to pick at.
No WiFi for me because of Destiny? Okay.
Don't want to tip, and you live at the edge of our delivery radius? Don't bet on hot food.
Found out my girlfriend smokes.
Petty revenge reverse perspective
Four-Eyed F*ggot
My annoying neighbor
Using my nephew’s “bright idea” against him.
Oh, sorry, did I throw that away?
Little fucker learns his lesson
Crosswalks are there for a reason
Teacher's unnecessary "lesson" leads to year(s?) long petty revenge.
You need my help after treating me like shit? I don't think so.
Cut my solo short? Nah.
PettyRevenge from yahoo. Operation Girly Perfume.
Have fun with your bag full of juice
Want to bully me? Eat shit!
The posters are down &amp; there's a juice glass on a book
WE KNOW YOU BOYS ARE STEALING OUR TIPS!!!
Let your dog terrorize me? Ok, fine.
Douchey "teacher" gets his car worked on
Nearly run me over, I'll get in your way and make you wait!
No Tobacco for You!
Have fun doing your laundry as well as half of minePlan ahead.
Who Cares if the Leafs Won?
4Chan's version of Petty Revenge.
Pretending to have road rage.
Phone number stds
If you’re rude to people who try to help you, you should expect revenge.
My cheating ex got pissy when I got petty
You steal my project? Enjoy losing a year and 10,000$ for it
Revenge on the office gossip
Be nice to the people weighing your salad
Want to use shock value and viral content to jumpstart your startup? Handle the police first then.
Revenge upon my sister
Does anyone care to join me in some petty revenge?
Y’all in this sub: tell me if this warrants some revenge and on what scale because I want to so bad...
Petty Permanent Marker Prank Revenge 😁
Flatmate revenge: German style
Horrible Teammate Doesn't Get Respawned
Maybe you should wash YOUR car...
Are you sure you don’t want to just pay your employees for the work they do?
I had a shitty bus driver today...
My boss broke the rules, and I let everyone know about it!
Revenge on Ex
Shoe swapping done right.
Almost 10 years of petty revenge now
Get your germs on me? You can have them right back.
Fat person on train sits next to me
Want to treat the world like your personal sidewalk? Enjoy being dripping wet.
Who Cares if I'm your girlfriends friend get over it.
Take that with the middle finger salute!
I can't play your console, you can't use my internet
The Only Time I Asked For Someone's Two Cents
Collecting 14 years worth of interest
Kinda blackmail
Yee
How I broke my cheating ex.
Tastes like victory.
Pretty petty if you ask me
Won’t give me privacy say bye bye to your Denver recordings
Scare a kitten ? Get scared like one
Spent an hour and ten minutes on the phone to get $2.95 refunded
I have nothing to put here
Security Shenanigans: How to deal with telemarketers and scammers (X-post from r/talesfromretail)
Today, I blew the doors off of a Dodge Charger (Hemi)
Annoy me? Lose you music for an hour
Stop staring at me!
A ticking time bomb
Don’t want to work? Ok I’ll just leave this for you to clean then
It's a shoe-in for the world's worst roommate.
ASL and an asshole
Don't want to give me access? Here you have hundreds of emails.
Apartment complex neighbors are so thoughtful...
Take my food? I'll take your door
Just call me Petty Crocker.
They interrupted our fun, so my dad interrupted their sermon
Ball Juice Cigarette
Annoying kid gets no sleep
You wanna keep us up all night? OK, but...
I "washed" my roommate's spoon in the toilet
Mock me for doing parkour? I'll take your stuff and send you on a Wild Goose Chase.
My suitemate is locked in the bathroom now.
Roommate Revenge, served warm
Cut off a truck, I'll cause you a slight inconvenience.
Don't fight someone bigger than you
Won't stop staring at me? Here's a laser in your eye.
Taking down plastic people one manager at a time!
I showed this know-it-all jerk he is in no position to teach me disc golf or mock me for the way I throw my discs
Ungrateful and disrpectful? Let's do lots of dishes.
Betray my trust? I make your day shit.
My phone is kinda loud sorry
For the crude - Janie Natomagan
Pettyrevenge, Russian style
Pro tip: Don't use someone's sibling to break up with them.
Getting back at my Coach Obsessed Mother
Stinky dog revenge
Whoops....wrong number.
Revenge Served Warm and Salty
Hoard toilet paper for yourself and not share? You need to learn to share.Airport Karen decides to show up 30 minutes before flight....
Childhood friend told me to drown myself when he asked how I'd been doing and I told him I was disabled, ends up in jail because he can't stop breaking the law and is upset I'm not doing favors for him.
Dad gets back at idiot dog owner
How To Be a Complete Psycho
Berate me for not being religious? Enjoy wearing a ruined dress on Christmas!
Don't park like a jerk.
Want to trip me huh?Who got drafted?
I work at subway, and if someone is impolite to me, I give them the ends of the tomatoes. haHA!
This guy annoyed me for months so i repeatedly kill his phone.
Don't touch MY tape!
Who's afraid of the big bad hot sauce?
Cheating boss, lame petty revenge
Smelly Feet? Smelly Sheets.
"Sorry, no hair tie here." 😈
Enforcing pedestrian right of way
Crazy Asian rep screams at me, I cost her $15k and get her fired.
Petty Revenge On My Annoying Cat
You dare tailgate me? I'll show you the light.
That fart bomb that won me a Doona.
Mean ol' neighbor lady gets a taste of my epic revenge.
Carpentry-based revenge
Obnoxious parking
My Grandpa Blows Up a Mailbox
Don't Control your Hyperactive Kid During Endgame I'll Shine Shame Upon You
It's Fun When Hypocrites Get What They Deserve
Don't mess with a 16 year old preparing your food.
1 all Mr. Crow!
Demote my mom and we have revenge
My GF's brother kept screwing over my GF and I, so I "accidentally" gave him a taste of his own medicine!
Using my xbox when I want to use it? Enjoy the movie!
Are you bowling up there?
Don't be a dick while using a public computer.
"Where the fuck are you from??"
college
Don't deliver our order? Feel the wrath of redial
Need serious revenge, not petty, on the man who killed my cat.
Entitled 28 yr old vs. the less privileged
petty renvege.
Catering Revenge
Petty revenge against a girl that treated me like a child.
I just quit my depressing job today... Text boss 10 minutes before shift
College room mates leaving dishes in the sink.
I'm gonna cost you postage and tchotchke!
My friends petty revenge on my abusive brother
I ran the entire department at my workplace and had it operating better than it has in many years. My company treated me horribly and never appreciated everything I know and do. Tomorrow is my last day, and they are now starting to panic, so I got them this card.
Not their letterhead
Anyways, you know by the end...
My revenge is only as petty as the cafeteria employees.
My weekly petty revenge.
Make me stay late at work? Hope you didn't want that sweater back!
Irrational E-Mailers
Wherein I reverse the race card on the player.
Chef revenge.
This is great.
Deal with you reclining into my seat? I'll deal.
Rude teen taken for a ride.
The pencil shavings
Got my revenge on my SO who tickled me to the point of tears.
If you're going to call me 3 times a day, starting the day after you took STI tests, you're going to have to wait a week to get your results
"Borrow" my car without asking? Enjoy the rain.
Don't drive like an ass when dealing drugs
Sleeping time
My roommate failed to pay electric for 3.5 months and we've been here one month..
Drinking Dilemma
Cant do me a small favour? Well thanks for the favourYou read my text then waited 45 minutes to respond?
Meeting at 5:00am my time? Lets see how you like it!
Don't want the T.V. on enjoy my conversation then
Behave like a shitty roommate? Don't be surprised when 'urine' petty revenge land.
The Christmas where Mother Nature got some petty revenge for me!!
Pregnancy Doesn't give you an excuse to be the biggest asshole on the plane.
Racist Douche Landlord Gets a Surprise
Force me to retrieve food for someone else, lose food yourself
Quit sending rude jokes on company email, you dumb idiot.
Girls are bitches.
Friend catfished me for months and manipulates me , so i got some sweet revenge
Use both of the washers? Fine, I’ll use both of the dryers.
Enjoy paying $4 more than you need to
I had to share it, not as good as other stories but still good.
Recess monitor wouldn't let me inside, I threw up and made sure no one got inside
Fuck your tv shows
Kid kicks home state Engraving on memorial
Drill sergeant finishes doing the pushups himself
Perks of a lorry driver friend
Mess up my office, I'll mess up your day.
Urinal Cakes With Ex-GF's Face on them.
Laundry night? Enjoy losing an extra hour of sleep.
Is this revenge on overhead bin misuse petty or not?
Corona Virus Help
Guy Took My Spot ... So I Put the Snow Back
McDonalds Employee gets revenge
Idiot homophobe actually tries to flash his dick at me in a public bathroom.
Revenge on a gas thief.
Kid calls me autistic in pixel gun 3d i made him regret it
Insulting me because of my attire
Interrupting Cow
Name tattoos are a bad idea, example #48374
Being rude during a movie? Smell my farts.
Ex-GF refused to return my HIMYM season 6 dvds...
Bully me? Get arrested!
Annoy My Dad, Get Embarrassed.
Rude.
Screwed over some guys on GTA
Petty Genes
Telemarketer? I'll block your number.
Revenge served cold, with a spoon.
Update to Accuse me of theft, enjoy waiting on your packages
So you like to scream obscenities to your family while your little daughter is there? Guess the water outage gets to be a surprise.
Mess with my job? Two can play that game
honestly a pretty anticlimactic minecraft petty revenge
Do it yourself, then!
My friend hurt my feelings.
Wouldn't want you to drop those ice cream cones!
Not fast enough? Here, try this.
Compulsive liar housemate
Bully me in Primary School have fun in High School &gt;:)
Enjoy your complementary drinks...
Annoying ticket tout gets his just desserts.
You leave me a bathrobe, I leave you a towel
He wasn’t taking my rags, so it didn’t matter that I bleached them.
Kid Hogs Public Shower So I Help Him Get Out
He blew up a firecracker under the vice principal's nose
Cold Showers (With a Twist)
Turning a sexist comment back at someone
We don’t gift wrap, a retail assistant’s petty revenge.
Act like a little shit, I'll make you smell like one
My flowers aren't yours to take just because we live on the same island and you don't own this island (an animal crossing story)
Close the elevator doors? Enjoy your stops!
But... Nitrogen
This one goes out to those who have suffered in narcissistic relationships
Want to play elevator games? I’ll meet you outside.
Sucker-punch me while I’m playing a game? Here, catch.
I got revenge on my schools bully - four years later.
Where are your manners?
Sleeping with my cousin
New Facebook Account "bot"?
Diaper Wars
Minecraft theift
Yell at me? I steal your job.
Bully Me and My Friend? Good luck trying to find friends.
Can't wait 15 seconds? I'll hurt your ears.
Send your entire loyal fanbase to harass me for days and cripple my mental state even further than it already is? Say goodbye to your Twitter account with 40k+ followers.... and your alt.
Don't be a dick or you don't get to use yours.
YELL AT ME FOR BEING LOUD? I'LL BE LOUDER
Fine, No Tigger for you.
Hope you like crushed chips!
Guy says the n-word, we get his podcast deleted
Oh, my mom is a skank? (medium)
Road Rage meet passive aggressive
Be excluding to your other cousins? Have a dog eaten sandwich.
Another bad roomate, but fortunately not mine.
Neighbor down the street kept stealing my recycle bin.You suck and I don't work for you
Snatch and grab at the gym
Want Instant Art™️? Enjoy My Obnoxious Signature
Kia dude tails me, gets his tail caught.
Revenge on a sidewalk parker?
The Tiniest of Bloody Victories
The ultimate way to ruin my co-workers' days
I make my alcoholic, hung over coworkers decaf coffee.
Semi Blocking Dead End Street
Got fired from a freight company, delivered my revenge.
My petty revenge involving adult diapers backfired
My dad's wife hates banana flavored things
My barber gets petty revenge on his boyfriend for not bringing him a coffee
This is why I was hesitant about committing to an MMO.
Short and sweet Starbucks petty revengeYou really shouldn't tease the dog
Hardware store idiot learns a hard lesson.
Fake me out on a tip? Lose your cigarettes. (service industry revenge)
Dropping dog poop in my empty trash can? Have some poison ivy with that.
Be a jerk: don't get your stuff
The Pizza Bandit and Me
Be an asshole, get your water replaced.
Petty Revenge for the Handicapable
don't pay me when i do your homework. fine.
Done with someone parking like a moron
Give me the finger and I wont blur your face from the photo.
Crazy girl throws garbage in my balcony. I get my petty revenge
Don't be a drunk douche then
Take that Seat, it's Wet Anyway
Birthday party shenanigans
Revenge on an unexpected new roommate.
Wanna play your music as loud as possible on nights in the middle of the week? That's cool, enjoy some slipknot in the middle of the night.
more of an accidental revenge but still.
Fecal Flinger Gets Framed
When you report a pedophile-ring to the cops, they arrest you.
Be a bully/disruptive shit in class? Enjoy the burn in your retinas.
Don’t pick up your dog poo on the golf course? I guess you won’t be a member.
My Chair
Speeding in The Hamptons
Stop clicking your god damn pen
Call Me Fat? FEEL THE FAT. (On your foot).
You have a headache? Yeah ok.
Guy almost ran me over...
I stranded a bunch of drunken students.
Up yours managers
Question About Petty Revenge
Too lazy to put the OJ back on the right shelf? Good luck finding it.
Think my food tastes like shit? Careful what you wish for.
People created a subreddit to treat me like crap...now their subreddit is dead.
You took the last peice of mom's food i drink the last of your hot chocolate
park in my spot, be mildly inconvenienced.
What I do to my friends' insecure girlfriends
Cheat on me repeatedly with your ex..? It's all good....
Revenge is a dish best served with zeros behind it.
I do not like being lied to.
Feel kind of bad now. Oh well.
Jump the line in front of me? Enjoy your shower!
Prior vet vs customers: First blood
Tailgater digs their own grave and gets stuck in traffic
Bitchy Customer Pays Extra
Ruin my Christmas morning I'll ruin yours!
Ask to get paid for your 'work' 7 years later? OK then.
Free weed not good enough
Throw an Almond? I'll sic a pack of coyotes on you.
Bullied for 7 months by a roommate. No more.
Don’t do this at archery tournaments
Roommate crossed me so I double crossed her
Let's drive the neighbours into poverty over x-mas decorations ;)
Stuck up customers get shown real Aussie hospitality
Sending a prepaid letter back to spammers the hard way
3 a.m and still partying?
Planning on getting petty with newly moneyless millionaire.
I logged in to my boyfriend's 10+ year old world of Warcraft account and deleted all of his characters for cheating on me.
Damn Drawers and Doors
Please please help me. Pizza stolen. Revenge needed.
Try to steal money from me? I'll fuck with your facebook!
Entitled guy drives straight through the turn lane.
Be a jerk I give you no cookies
Ebay account hacker
Neighbors come together.
Try to embarass me? I'll get you back
No longer my friend? No longer attendees at your wedding.
Won't do your job? Ok I quit.
Jump the subway line? Enjoy a little discomfort, sucka
Remind me to do something you're too lazy to do? I'll do it tomorrow
No breakfast for you!
When I was in year 2
You wanna be a dck mother and take away my stuff? Fine, have fun not using the bathroom.
For a dollar
Petty Traffic Revenge
I am fluent in “Dovazhul” (the Dragon-tongue)
Angry drunk guy yells at me for my car being to loud. I come back later and hes getting arrested
Delayed petty revenge, fifty years to be exact.
If you throw things at me I will get my revenge.
Got back at a terrible teacher who hated me
My roommate tried petty revenge and it backfired on her
Roommate taking my towel? As long as he washes it too.
I almost went from petty revenge to i don't even know what
Messed Up My Coworker's Section
Phone customer service asshole keeps hanging up. So I keep calling him and say nothing.
Petty revenge... REQUEST?
1940: My five year old Mom wanted a toy too - Didn’t get one? How did that go?
Bossy Coworker Forced to Fix Her Mistakes
Stop cutting me, and don't treat me like fucking shit.
You rip me off for $300? Periodic petty revenge is yours and likely won't end.
One Direction Tickets for sale ... OUCH
Spoil my anime?
Insanely Petty Revenge on Office Idiot.
Snow Shoveling Revenge with a side of Freezing Rain
My mum pissed me off, so guess what day it is tomorrow
Put my dad in Hospital? Say goodbye to your girlfriend and hello to Armed Police
Leave me a messy house? Have fun blowing your nose.
My dramatic and tiny revenge
I’m a thief!
Flatmate ate all of my pistachios, so I made a treasure hunt for him
Say thank you when I open the door for you.
Be a parking nazi? Enjoy removing my garbage.
Make me do your work? No coffee for YOU!
I invited my friends over for a BBQ to spite my entitled neighbour (police called)
Guess I didn't need much luck after all, "sweetheart."
Petty revenge on a drink driver
Sales VP was Such a Jerk, We took Revenge via Taxes
Need petty advice for a neighbor.
Guy endangers my life, then decides to call me a "Faggot" and spit on me...
Grocery store "item limit" line
Kid jokes in class get's PUNISHED
Cut me off going into the gas station...
How do I get back at my shitty neighbor?
You don’t wanna help? Well then you don’t get to shower
B!%"&amp; comes over to me and my friend picks on my friend calls me a fagg tries to punch me get bonked on the head with a baseball rake
I had my former boss nearly fired over a racist Facebook comment
You don't need any gas now...
I'll make you regret bitching at me for doing my job...
You won’t give my son a haircut because we’re 5 minutes late? I’ll throw off you schedule for the day.
Racist old twins
The story about how a grown man can't make eye contact with a 15 year old girl anymore
My friends Petty Revenge by ruining a kid’s project
I get back at an a$$hole after years
Guy bangs my girlfriend, I take his dream job.
We don’t keep frozen product in the refrigerator
21) * LEGALIZAR EL NARCOTRAFICO * PORQUE LA MAYORIA DE LOS CRISTIANOS CATOLICOS Y EVANGELICOS QUE EXISTEN EN TODA LA TIERRA QUIEREN MATAR, DESTRUIR, ANIQUILAR A TODOS LOS NARCOTRAFICANTES DE TODA LA TIERRA, SI LA HUMANIDAD FABRICA COSAS MUCHO MAS PELIGROSAS QUE LAS DROGAS, COMO LOS BARCOS QUE ANDAN
i pulled a prank on my mom (GONE WRONG)
A
Redneck + Resourcefulness = Regretbully a nerd for fun, enjoy being expelled and a case on you record
When you gotta go, you gotta go.
Don't be a bitch when you have a newborn baby
Don't fuck with the person making your reservations!!
Revenge on professional asshole driver
Anything you can do, I can do better
Petty revenge for a petty act
Reducing the liquid soap
PhD advisor was abusive and fraudulent, so I left her name plain on the credit page.
The contractors
Lights out
Wouldn’t let a vehicle come past
Neighbor complained to HOA about unleashed dog. So I bought a 200 ft leash.
Update to my boss revoking benefits- super late
Rochambeau-ing leads to Revenge best served with some much needed buttery goodness.
Watching “Upload” saw a relatable bad boss interaction.
Boyfriend tried it on with my best friend- instantly regrets it
If someone has a heart attack on a plane, here's a quick lesson on how NOT to behave.
Don't like my AC? How about a bright red lawn chair and some Beethoven?
Hope you stay up all night
Sweets Revenge
Ex girlfriend left me, all her friends invite me to hang out with them
Don't be a giant douchebag if you don't wanna be called one.The tether ball champion
Petty Is As Petty Does
Take my job? Take my butt plugs.
Guy didn’t pay me for my work what can I do
Oh-so-petty Parking Revenge
YOU put YOUR change in YOUR purse for once.
My sister didn't appreciate the previews
Student signs my email up for a bunch of political newsletters because she disagrees with my views. Moron did it on University computers.
Bask in the shade of my revenge.
Pen snatcher
Fuck my bf? I'll ruin your chances of getting class president
Girl stole my cough drops
Someone Isn't Getting Into Their Dream School
My chef screamed at me for not doing things his way. Tried it his way, turns out I was right.
Hi.
Stay up till 4am when I have an 8:30 class? Cool.
Be Terrible Employers, I’ll Be A Terrible Employee.
Not necessarily petty but definitely pleasing
Hairy disco yeti didn’t learn the first time.. so time for an intense glitter dick with a side of deep heat.
Maybe you should do your work for once
Talk through every single lecture? Lose all your coursework data
Enjoy your tip!
He tried sabotaging my community. I exposed him
That's not shampoo dumb ass
I work in a somewhat glorified call center. If you do this, I can't hear you.
Stealing my Whiskey? Oh...You think I’m taking too long? Wait another week or so for your car, then.
Son of a stupid cunt at the gas station.
Pancake Revenge
Nobody wants to help me finish my exam study guides? Fine, no finals study guide for you.
Completely Unintentional, But Very Satisfying Petty Revenge
Don’t mess with me and my sub.
Guy asked “how’s the weather down there” as I was checking out his groceries so I gave him floorberry’s
Petty revenge on my ex boyfriend!
Next time, don't park like an asshole!
Today the government finally did me a solid.
That family member who doesn't care about anyone but themselves...
Whistle while i'm playing piano? Good luck.
Old Car vs New Car
Revenge on a "celebrity"
I made a subreddit called okayish revenge.
Company directors get to experience some Christmas spirit
Make me work a double and I'll drag your name through the mud.
Apt. temperature conflicts
I poked holes in my own air mattress
Annoying the Head of the HOA
My 15 Hour Flight Revenge to little Miss I Want My Aisle Seat...
Throw me under the bus for your incompetence? Okay, then.
Teacher got me detention for wearing my jacketRuined friendship turns into Revenge tattoo
Help me figure out the best petty revenge, please! Story below.
Enjoying my sandwich?
Santa doesn’t give presents to the naughty ones
GF's sister was using my conditioner
Act like an asshole? I hope you're not in a hurry.
Lazy assistant manager delegates too much
Let your outdoor cat shit in my yard? Have fun picking up after it.
Time to prove them right?
Revenge from the peanut gallery.
Take that change
Another passenger on the train *refused* me from entering a compartment he's in
Loading zones are for loading!
Verbally Abusive Dad Plays Victim Card? Have Fun Hearing the recording.
I called my coworkers bluff and placed my nuts in his hand
I called upon /b/
You're still gonna pay my phone
Effective Power is in fact, very effective.
Photo Fight
Breed Spotlight: Scottish Deerhound
Revenge is a dish best served with extra butter.
The time I got my cousins uncle arrested.
Throwing cups away
My backstabbing ex dormmates are getting their emails hacked and I am absolutely delighted about it
Petty Revenge on my Little Sister
We had the light.
Ruined my chances with a girl? I'll ruin your night.
I really want to get revenge against someone
Garbage-ass neighbor again
Try to cut me in line? No no no, not in my house!
Talk about me hope you dont like social media
Student in other class tries to get me suspended for allegedly bullying him, when he bullies me.
Block my wife's car in? Get three tickets!
Try to charge me with interest. Why don't I take some of your money?
Anonymously send a bag of dicks!
Have fun walking in the snow.
Warm Soapy WaterGood things come to those who wait.
Feel Bad For My 5th Grade Crush? Feel Bad For Yourself!
Friend tries to push me into the pool
Don’t want to bring me plates during a busy restaurant shift? Fine. I’ll do it myself.
Abrupt transfer
Lazy Coworker Loses Chair Privledges
Nearly killed by police officers dog, officer not prosecuted so chatted to a journalist and story made national headlines and the front cover of our regional newspaper.
Make me move when there’s literally 200 spots available? Stop talking then.
You can butt in line but it's not going to do you any good
House Hunting
The "mom" look
Oh ignore me? ok i’ll give you a C
Possibly ruined an ex's job hunt.
Take my AC here have my oil too!
Make me almost late to school? It's time to get rickrolled
Treat my truck like a dumpster will you!
Try to claim the computer we're supposed to share? Here. Take THIS.
Keep bumping into me? Enjoy a stained shirt...
The Dangers of Being a Dick in a Convertable: A Petty Story
Drunk at my expense? Go to jail
Enjoy the next exit
Petty, with gum
Ride on someone else's name, pay the price
Dining Hall troubles? It could always be worse...
Snappy and rude? Get a ruined ATM card in return!
Keep your hi-beams on? Fine, I'll show you mine!
Express Bus Angst
Yum, toilet water.
Horrible new roommate(s) don't know what's coming
My petty revenge on an incredibly rude customer shopping for Christmas presents.
Oh you don't want to put your books in the bin like you're supposed to? Fine, then I will put them in the bin for you.
Curbside pickup delights
Petty revenge giveaway
I got sweet revenge on my brother after 4 years of waiting.
Oops I pressed forward.
Drug test revenge
I convinced a girl to fake a pregnancy to piss off a guy

Boss me around and then bitch after I quit? I'll humiliate you in front of the company.
Almost hit me with your care due to your cellphone use? FEEL MY WRATH?
Piss on my floor will you...
I found out who was stealing my gasoline
Statutory Abortion
Steal money in my name? Watch all the money you thought you had gained come back to me.
Petty Revenge for ex-employer
Not that big of a deal, right?
Door banging neighbour gets his just reward
Karen makes a mess in store, tries to pass off the blame and fails
I hope you like your un-alphabetized CDs
my wife’s revenge on a homophobic woman
Arguing with me about taking a very necessary sick day? Have fun with the that sinus infection.
Abuse emergency services? Have a seat.
The passive aggressive scrawl
Mental Solicitor
Friend Spoiled Avengers Endgame Revenge
Steal My Seat? Enjoy Detention!
We're annoyed by my dad's illogical penny pinching. Sis got petty. So do we. (2 for 1!)
Today my homophobic/transphobic co-worker asked if anyone had an extra mayo packet in their company provided boxed lunch because she didn't get one.
Guy refused to pay us after cleaning up leaves, we put them back.
Drink my water, will you?!
Call me at 6am over minor stuff? I'll force you into a coffee drinking contest at midnight!
He tried to sc*m me. It did not end up well.
Say Bye to Your Game Progress.
Litterers beware
My mom taught a thief to not steal food from sick kids
Bronchitis: The silent killer (of friendships).
Flood of frogs
Right There With You
Keep me and my roommates up all night before final exams? Enjoy being single
This life lesson brought to you by siblings &amp; pickle juice.
Petty Revenge on the Rude Customer Ahead of Me At Burger King
Russian paid more
Unintentional petty revenge against the annoying kid in class.
A constant reminder that she's not a Good Person™
2 tales: the Easter Eggs, the Haircut
Keep Me Up? No Beer for You.
Need Help!
My dad Monitors my email (this one is a diffrent one ) SO I called him out on his porn viewing to my mom
I had never felt satisfaction like this before.
Dont properly wear your mask? Fine. Clean up after me.
Lied to a liar
Shoulda found out...
Ok then, no gifts for anyone.
You attack my sexuality? See if you want to even talk to me again.Bully me and pass the exams by cheating on me the entire year? Enjoy failing your final exams
If you're gonna be an asshole about it, then you can go to hell!
Woman constantly criticized and berated me, treating me like her kid sister, so I exposed her mugshot
You don't want to use my bags? I don't want to buy your stuff.
It's not just a tv show!
Beach Bullies
Enjoy being wired and fat, bitch!
Her revenge became mine.
To my neighbor, with love.
Steal my notes? I’ll steal all your pens before a huge exam.
Wanna be a dick, I hope you enjoy your new neighbors.
I don't care what your job title is. Ill teach you some respect.
Father mocks me about my weight, gets what he deserves in family dinner.
Don't Disrespect My Music and Equipment
Bullying my friend? Hope you enjoy endless spam emails.
Minor revenge/karma for someone who may have cut in line
Bike revenge from my little cousins
Say penis on the phone? Enjoy a heart attack.
In for a penny
I used my sisters hairbrush to brush my pubic hair (as revenge)
Ruining a relationship and a career
Okay, I'll go make your food.
IDEA REQUEST!
Repeatedly kick my seat in the movie theatre? Enjoy the rest of the film
Screaming about your sport? Enjoy your disrupted signal
Drunk hotel guests woke me up at 245.
Steal my pint glasses and hoard them in your room, enjoy the moldy water all over your bathroom
Pizza Pizza
Those are MY toys, thanks.
Kid likes to stomp on my toes? Be my guest.
Wanna keep blasting your music at 4:30am like an asshole? I'm going to teach you a lesson in manners
Honk at me? I'll honk at you.
Leave the door open. Enjoy the moths.
How to revenge...
I don't even like poetry!
Reforming a bad dog owner
Women was not polite to my brother so I slung her with mub.
A Cockblock Most Gratifying
Not being alive doesn’t mean You can’t taste your own medicine.
Fire me for being out with my girl? Lose your franchise.
A bit of petty revenge on the school
Insult me for a penny? Pay a penny.
Vandalist pranksters get what they deserve.
Clean The F*cking Stove
School Bus Driver Petty Revenge
You wanted to scam me, now I'm going to rub it in your face!
You need to have meetings on loud speaker to "work efficiently"? Let me introduce you to CLACCCC
How did your enemies react to your success?
Fuck you and fuck your knives
DJ Stole my Dominos Pizza Account to Buy Pizza in Brooklyn.. But He Forgot to Take off His Name and Phone Number
When your manager realises that you’re a force to reckon with while all a long thinking you’re a nobody.
For the Horde
Not eating because of ramadan? Not allowed to lie either!
Angry Parent tells me to do something, so I do.
How to make a small town Navy recruiter think he's lost his ever-lovin' mindIs this considered petty revenge?
Its in the mail.
Gig lost, job lost, car broken..
Not so much petty revenge but asking for help to get some
You won't let me buy groceries? Fine (Short)
No beer for Nazis
Strand my girlfriend? Enjoy your hike.
My Vegan Sister
My high school best friend took advantage of me and I got back at them too hard.
Try to cut me in line? Guess I wont pay it forward
The Jim Carrey approach to the endless telemarketers
A month's worth of dirty dishes?
r/ProRevenge has a new rule, "No use of acronyms or initials in character names"
Not my story but my Mom's story of petty revenge
Today I had a gig with my band and my recent ex of 5 years showed up after I asked her not to. I had a good time :)
McDonald's near my house always leaves pickles on my burgers even when I order without pickles
Had it up to here with neighbour in #18 running steamroller over everyone. Enjoy your poop clothes, dude.
No Donuts for You
Manager took credit for my work. So a bit of professional revenge took place.
Ex-boyfriend is moving out in a few weeks and moving in with a girl.
Kid spoils something on my favorite show, I get him to fail a test.
The cardinal sin in Boston.
Won't let people sleep? Get yelled at by a teacher, and maybe get a referral.
Ain't that a kick in the nuts.
I can wait longer than you can.
You're just making me want to walk slower.
I think it ended on a great note.
I can't get extra spinach on my sandwich?
Don't drive behind me so closely!
Diskette drive revenge
Temper temper
Want my popularity for being smart? Well, face some consequences!
Best Dad Ever
Elevator Entitlement Revenge
Nearly crash into someone because you're on your phone? Watch this dude do what all of us would want to do.
Cracked.com has compiled a list of "7 Legendary Acts of Petty Revenge"
She was being annoying so I decided to do the same.
Lying professor doesn't deserve an email back.
Cheating whore gets her just desserts
I'm lovin' it.
Sweaty money is gross
Revenge on my STBX
Topo Chingo
Get deja vu'ed
Take my keys and hide my paperwork? Enjoy the mess.
Don't take unassigned assigned seast
Threaten me to get banned? Get removed from Team Staff and get me a promotion
When being the class clown backfires.
My brother ate two Christmas pies so now he has to eat two more.
Waste my time? I’ll waste yours
Slow driver? I won't pull up and let you turn right at the stop.
Oh You're a Crane Operator Huh...
I'll Turn When I Like, Thank You
Glitter cat
Take my phone? I'll steal your vegetables!
Store worker talks shit about cousin in language she understands
Don’t wanna pay OT? Fine by me.
Don't renew my lease so you can sell your rental? Have fun watching the property sit empty!
Petty revenge on a Karen’s at Philly Airport
I hope you’re still stuck with the bill
To the woman who slept with my partner, yes it was me who posted your pictures on escorting websites.
I Said One Line of Mayo!
This call has been recorded for quality and training purposes.
Wanna tailgate me in my neighborhood? Have fun getting blinded
Pick up your sh-t
Sure, I’ll wash everything.
Imunna eat your ice cream
please read thoroughly because otherwise it makes me sound bad lmao
Your narcissism vs. my ability to ignore you
Give me shit and i’ll expose you for the hypocrite you are
What to do with the child molesters ashes?
No Reeses for You
New Subreddit you folks may be interested in
Oops, sorry to get you fired
Tell me how to use a hole punch?
I love that Am so pettyy
Annoy me? I'll break your SD Card with all your music saved on it.
Take extended showers, I'll take control of your Spotify.
Don't treat your barman like shit
REQUEST: Drunken house mate repeatedly devouring all my food
I Fought The Wasps and I Won!
Hope you enjoy your morning boost
I uno-reversed my friend’s aunt who tried to fat shame her
Tell us we're slacking? Well be prepared to be CC'd on every single email we send.
Honk at me and I'll make you wait
Enjoy the 0.
Cart goes in cart return, groceries go in car.
Good luck trying to run your business without receiving your letters from the tax office, your insurance co., or your bank.
Some guy used my email address to sign up for his gym...
Verkaufe meine nudes auf Instagram Milaa.ga &lt;3
I thought you said you were in a rush?
Kind of screwed over a government contractor
Don't do dishes? I'll do them for you...
Stranger Insulted Me
The wrath of checkout workers knows no limits
My mom thought my dad was gonna be a deadbeat...
When students grade other students’ tests
Grumpy uncle gets what he deserves
Suddenly breaking up with me?? Enjoy your Karma!
"Know it all" - Gets it back.
A thieving roommate and a "haunted" Xbox
Rudely ignore me, neighbor? I'm content to confuse you
Revenge from my dog
Whiny coworker, feel the breeze
Quarter for your thoughts, bugar for your time.
You want to tailgate me? I've got something for you...
(Update) Take that shitty parking guy!
(not me) the canadian parlement and the budget
Don't enrage me on the bus.
road rage
Free chocolates? Dont mind if I do!!!
Don't Drown Me With Your Damn Febreze
If you're only nice for things you need, I'll take away things when you're not nice.
Tailgate me on a 50? Careful...
Petty revenge on 8 year old girl. Felt pretty good.
Almost cause a wreck? Enjoy being blinded.
SinglesTo People Who Tailgate Me
Selling lambo truck
Bully me? Suspended!
Parties until 5AM? Not without electricity...
Click, click, boom
Sell my riding lawn mower? NO TV FOR YOU!!!
my wife’s petty ass father removed the washing machine door so she couldn’t wash her clothes for several weeks..so i removed the dryer door and threw it into their pond when we moved out. it’s still there. 🖕you, todd!
Put my best photos on public on fb to make my partners exes even more insecure
You shall come to fear my sign-making powers!!!
Take the house and the kids in the divorce? Okay I'll just move next door.
Place stealer on subway? Feel the bump from the fat man.
Drunk A**hole loses shoe
Am I not fast enough? Fine I'll go the speed limit.
Pass me in line for the bathroom and deal with the petty consequences
Accidental Sibling Revenge... Oops
Wash on your own time
Bar refuses to let my three year old brother go to the bathroom, so he does exactly that
Cheating auntie aired her own dirty laundry so I took my chance
Sibling warfare
A schoolboy’s revenge
Karma bit my bullies bowels this semester
Some dumbass scammed me yet I have their phone number and name, what should a man do?
Hog all of the computers? Have fun rewriting that paper.
Hey! Want a ticket? "Not if I have to pay"
Don't mess with my kid
Stop touching my face towel!!!
I'll show you, Subway!
Make me miserable? I’ll return the favor.
Reverse Identity Theft
Revenge on a coworker who left me to work 9 hours without a break
Ever get blocked my a train???
Got revenge on an uncle after years
Your reputation proceeds you
Won't make room for others on a busy train? Not while I'm around
How to deal with a racist.
Want me to move my car? Fine.
Try to ruin my life? Watch me ruin yours.
I don't work here? Ok then...
The URL for one of my competitors expired. It is ours now.
My boss decided to change POS settings. (xpost r/TalesFromRetail
He just looks like the type...
At my wits end. Neighbors smoking.
I need to get revenge on someone. Any ideas?
If you wanted a break on rent you shouldn't have broken the lease and ignored me when I asked you to stop.
Be an arsehole? Have a sticky cooker!It's freezing outside. Close the dang door!
Old story-a teenage friend who made her decision
My eyes are up here, buddy!
Won’t sell me and my friends alcohol? Fine. Be a huge dick to us? We’re going full Karen.
Sure, you can run off and leave me to pick this stuff up
Poopy revenge
Litteraly?
Don't send your S.O. pictures of you cheating
Won't log off? Enjoy your now deleted files
Want to cuddle with me, do you cat?
Want to jump me? Have fun being suspended.
Dad Learns His Lesson
Our class won the first pizza party, another got salty so we screwed them over for the second one
Since my cousin always wants to be a know-it-all and tell me what's what about anything medical related (even though she has zero degrees), I'm getting my CNA at 17.
Evil mother gets what she deserves.
Pup's revenge for me
Long term revenge that will result in much yelling.
Sure showed that asshole bus driver ...
My cat kept sloshing water out of my humidifiers, so I stuck a piece of tape on him to keep him 'busy'
High Beam Me. Enjoy going slow.
No parking spot for you for almost running me over.
You done messed up now Jason!
Girl gets annoyed while I'm working my black friday shift- 0 fucks given by me
Where is my fucking Cumin????
"Trust me, you need this."
Petty revenge on a bully in front of her parents.
How I accidentally called out my older sister's pregnancy (longish)
I spiked my roommates sriracha sauce with laxatives
I watered his bed.
Bully me? Enjoy the dead wife reminders
YOUR space? I don't think so!
So petty, it didn't even matter.
I'm trying to help you but you didn't want to listen.
And over the bridge you go...
Lazy delivery guy misplaced his scanner.
Call the police and say I beat and raped you? I will ruin your life without even trying.
The perfect gift for the bigot in your life
Riding my bumper on the highway when I had traffic in front of me didn't get you too far, did it?
Financial Literacy and Why I Loved it
I mean, she was obviously in a hurry so...
My sister and I were too loud? Enjoy living next door to a young family with babies.
Office pettiness
Want to try to screw 20+ people over? Good luck.
TIL it's /r/pettyrevenge and not /r/prettyrevenge.
Ruin my friendships? Let me tell you about Homestuck
No Fries For You!
Ruined my Neighbor’s High?
What should I give my ex?
Cheating girlfriend made me homeless at Xmas.
2nd grade archenemy; cue ”dastardly” plan from 8yo me
So I can’t be on the team because I don’t have a South Park gamer pic
Want to party during the week and have fun at my expense? Great! Ill have MY fun at your expense.
Next time, be nice to your IT people.
Break my instrument? HAH!
Be a bully, and no doughnuts
Wanna talk on your cell phone? Have some muddling.
Town Scag
Took 12 years but I done it!!!
I made 'and' into 'and, uh,' on a forum. and uh, then more.
I got petty revenged so hard by a random grandmother today and I deserved it
My mom went on a homophobic rant so I used her money to by reddit coins and gild an LGBT post.
My sister TOLD me I would be watching her kid while she went skiing with her friends. By my estimate, the police have probably already gotten ahold of her.
This squirrel wakes me up nearly every morning by running around on my porch and raiding the bird feeder.
Line-cutter revenge
Throw water on me for no reason? Enjoy a wet bag
Got a brown-nosing sergeant
Your girlfriend is no longer impressed.
Petty petty pepper
Honk right back.
Me and my older brother (OB) pooped in a den for revenge.
The local tax office tried to screw me
Got asshole manager fired
Dad took my money so i decided to be petty
A slow leak
Treat me like dirt and I'll make you lose your "career"
We tried for Revenge, and instead we got Petty Revenge...on ourselves
Bored?
Neighbors play video games loudly until 4AM on a work night? Enjoy piercing beeping all day.
Treat me like poo in your store?
Entitled &amp; Rude Customers
My dog must read this sub
Make fun of my name? Enjoy not getting paid
Petty revenge against a dick co-worker
insane teacher kicks me out on my first day of school, i was 6 ~
I got my ex and ex best friend to both think they had a STD
Netsend revenge
Talk loudly on the phone while I'm working?
"It's a Small World After All" Prank on bosses as payback.
I'm gonna make you talk to everyone!
I don't always follow the speed limit...
Be mean to my friend, I'll close your account.
Be rude = cost more
'No letters over the weight limit!' 'Okay.'
Minor laundry revenge
Don't feel like buying quality gifts? Enjoy your turkey.
Everyone loves your airplane, boss!
Tell me those are the fastest internet speeds available
Bullying Photographer
Won't allow me to bid on my shift line? I'll tie up your phone line.
Long con revenge against plagiarizing lab partner
You don't think I should be scared?
Busting a road-rager
HELP! TELL ME HOW TO GET A REVENGE ON MY BRO!!!
The Hateful Truth podcast presents..The Art of Pettiness: What it means to be petty.
Getting the entitled suitemate to clean
Sharing a bathroom with an older sister
So I over-drafted my bank account on some stupid salsa I wanted for lunch.
I got all the time in the world you sly bitch
Grandpa freaks my aunt’s friends out.
Bad neighbor? Hope you like snow.
Bitchy server with ocd gets served. Quietly and pettily.
Huge asshole tastes my asshole, for 16 months.
Wanna be nasty get barred from local restaurants
Dirty pizza? Enjoy your beverage :)
Someday you’ll need electricity
You're going to use my address to get a permit for a project? I guess I'll tear your fence down.
Be Rude and I'll make you wait longer
Girls Across the Aisle are Rude to Me and Then Cheat, So I Reported Them
Mom steals from bully.
Just something I do to anyone who gets in my personal space.
Dont open my mail when im 4000 miles away
Help me get revenge on a whore
Friendship ruined by a booty call–I returned his birthday gift and donated the money to his least favourite cause
I hope your dad enjoyed that picture.
I was told to post this story here.
Trash my house? I’ll trash your Netflix account.
Pulling the IT Support verbiage experience I have
You steal my Netflix, I steal your access
don't drive like an *ss on the interstate.
Please help me earn money with this fundraiser and if you don’t wanna buy anything that is fine clicking on the link will still help too
You ruined my groove!
Cheat on me? I'll ruin your next relationship :)
Using do you know who I am correctly.
A Body’s Petty Revenge
Is quitting your job petty?
Airline Petty Revenge
It's just five minutes!
Using left 2 lanes to talk
Wait in line
Rat Problem? I’ll give you a rat problem.
No, I read the book
Harass me about spending money? Have a present you can't refuse!
You try to hurt my pets, I'll stop you jerking off
My sibling used to jump scare me all the time... so I started carrying full glasses of water
Extra Hot wanker
Can't think of a title
Use up all the gas in the tank..well I'll show you!
Putting a annoying hippie wannabe in her place
Bitches lose their drugs because I kept saying no and they didn't stop.
Benny and the $350,000 Subaru
Suck it, Wal*Mart.
The pettiest
Just Cashing My BonusGuy harrasing girl to tears, need peoples help to make him stop.
Oh, so that's how you talk about me to your friends? Ok, i got you.
Petty Revenge in Progress
My bike got stolen and i stole it back.
Double Petty Revenge - Apple Dealer Owner's Daughter gets owned in front of customers, Son gets owned in front of the dad...
Don't be a Dumb Ass Bitch
How do you put manipulative, lying people in their place when you can't cut them off of confront them?
How my aunt got revenge with a crossing and a crutch
I really am a terrible person.
Make me pick up your slack at work? No Starbucks for you!
Road Justice.
Sleep at work? stay a few minutes late
Don’t touch my clothes.
Asshole lab partner contributes nothing to lab report
Steal from me? Enjoy everyone knowing your dirty little secrets.
Chemical warfare used to teach coworker manners... #Pettyrevenge
My Boyfriend destroys an entire store with his revenge
Dude in my sister's class calls a wounded combat vet un-American
You don’t honor my original hours, I don’t honor your schedule.
Spite Houses: People building entire houses just to piss their neighbours off.
Showing my classmate who rules
Player drives recklessly in a ranked iRacing race, gets DQ'd before the finish.
Enjoy your chocolate. Muahahaha!
Big car vs little car.
Summer camp revenge
You are gonna be homophobic to me? Okay let me be petty
Not my fault your a lazy Bitch!!!!
You are not going to ruin MY grade with YOUR procrastination
Cut me off on way to school? Let me socially embarrass you.
Tricked a bully into apologising
even second graders can get punched by karma
Cheat on my friend? Here, have a hug. And another.
Ding dong ditch revenge
The poor kids looked dead inside
Steal my sales? They're all yours. X-post from /r/ProRevenge.
Used my powers for evil, punkass bitch.
Pick on me for two years, your stuff goes for a swim.
Keep taking up reserved spots, enjoy having you car impounded. Bonus round landlord is under review from tenant board.
Coffee Monster Coin Thief Revenge
Okay this is happening the instant I write this
Principal threats my little sister's safety, he got the shock of his life.
Underdog Class Theater Performance
Bros Try to Take Credit for My Code, They Fail in More Ways Than One
Driver acted like a d* so I..
don't put your feet on my seat
Quitting drinking huh?
Cheat on me? You'll regret it.
Rude on the train? Karma
I learned today that I got two kids expelled at my disciplinary hearing.
The laundry lady
Don't leave your valuables if you want to screw someone over.
A Story from my mom, who works at a public library, and a crazy lady who visits there.
Slaughterhouse 5 revenge
Lady you forgot your Mcflurry
Breakfast Revenge
The box with a homing instinct
I refilled my friend's Coca Cola with Pepsi.
Drive thru revenge...
What should I do for revenge on my sister
Steal from my 8 year old daughter, enjoy 3 felonies, prison, and divorce!
Since you've been so rude I'll just take that for you and go check if there are any more. Don't worry I won't be long...
"Friends" kicked me from the group and i retaliated.
I get sweet sweet revenge on a rude woman
Oh you're just gunna pee on the floor, huh?
My brother wanted to treat me like an idiot? Alrighty then.
Ruined a liar and his flying monkeys self esteem and reputation
Friend acted stupid so I tried to embarrass him
Show me your pp? Have fun being blackmailed for the rest of you elementary,middle and high school.
Putting the literal fear of God in my coworker
Tailgating on the Interstate leads to 15+ miles of trolling
Cut In Line? Good Luck Opening the Door.
Got my cheating girlfriend's unibersity application cancelled
Short and sweet (and smelly)
Don't steal my beer
Lady subtly asks for a seat in a rude manner. I embarrassed her.
Got em back in such a simple way it's glorious.
Hate fucking my ex girlfriendHandicap Parking
Yelp
Don't be a jerk or I'll be a jerk too
Your stupid phone alarm wakes me up when I'm hungover? Enjoy your fart-filled purse.
Got my sister back for not letting me watch
Too much?
Awwww.. did the whiplash hurt your shins?
Servers revenge
turn my colleagues against me? I'll get you back, eventually.
Make me and my boyfriends lifes hell? Meet the health inspector ;)
School bully tries to bully the teacher
You littered in the wrong neighborhood!
Just say thank you, please
Vindication roughly six years later...Spolier alert-Dumbledore dies.
Please stop blowing your horn so your grand kid can walk 3 feet to your car.
Enjoy the telemarketer references you slob
Spit on me? Enjoy the poop on your balcony.
Wake me up early all week? Let me test drive my new leaf blower while you're trying to sleep
BBQ turnaround
I have redone a group project on one evening, because my group mates were really lazy
2 Girl would'nt let us eat so we planned a nice revenge.
You're selling your dogs?!
Illegal parking problem solved.
Million dollar manufactured housing
Rude to me? Pay extra
Petty grocery revenge
Kids call me a pussy. I trick them into watching Here Comes the Boom.
Don't ghost on your best friend
Stop giving me nut shots I said!
Straight from the headlines: "Steal my parking spot? Your car will now taste like delicious barbecue."
Steal my paycheck, I'll screw with your OCD.
Easiest revenge on douchey rich guy
Another Middle School Bully Story (long-ish) I found this worthy of being my first post.Group of bikers got busted by bicycle cops after passing a 30 minute line of cars in a buss lane.
Angry tryhard get made
My daughters first petty revenge
Hurt me but we still have to be friends? Time for a taste of your own medicine.
Domestic pettiness, or "how to remain level-headed"
Threaten the safety of my kids, expect retaliation
Want to act like you know it all? Fine. Figure it out yourself.
Make me miss out on a free holiday? I'll make you miss out on yours, too. Includes bonus payoff.
Kid isnt grateful for the amount of sweets i gave him
i need help
Dear Scumbag Landlord, hope you like the smell of old cheese
Guy responds to my Craigslist ad by telling me to eat a D***, forgets that he responded with his business's name
Pizza job part 3
Wake me up in the morning I will ruin your mid-day naps.
Ammo Armageddon
Treat your employees bad? They’ll become your competition!
Won't cash my check? Fine, this pen is mine!
Wanna run on the squeaky elliptical? That's fine. Hope it's worth doing it in a sauna.
Revenge months in the making
Parking by the door
The pizza story
Baby, let me write one last song for you. You'll love it.
Disrespect my mother? I'll avenge her, pettily!
Do you want it all for yourself? So take it
Don't be racist
Harass our kids for normal living noises? Fine.
A fleet of interstate buses came into my restaurant 3 minutes before close...
Mock my part time job and say you can do it better. Enjoy your burnt finger
Leave plastic out for my cat to eat? Say bye to your earring stud
Tight Parking
Call me an idiot? Lose your karma
The time I got petty revenge on my boss
You cheated and wanted my ring back... Fork over everything I paid for...
Ice cold revenge
You shall not pass!
The kids in the grade above us were dicks.
Steal my bin will you?!
Hell hath no fury like a man denied cigarettes in the morning.
Oh, sorry, ma'am. We're fresh out of Patti Platypus.
Yeah lady, my pitbull is soooooo vicious
Wasting a scammers time. Best 25 minutes spent!
Goodbye lunch for coworker.
Lie about going to die, fuck you bitch
I prefer my quesadillas without dried leaves, jerk.
You flip me off because of someone else’s mistake? Enjoy the holes in your tires
Oh I can't answer a question because I have autism? Okay, lets see you do it!
Mom tricked me and my twin
Just a bit of a stupid football video-game revenge.
A very nutty revenge
When a kid shoved a chip bag out the car window, my mom exacted revenge.
Basic revenge on a food thief
Raisins
No Banana Bread for You
Rich Sorority Girl Learns a Life Lesson
Only our department can't have a coffee pot? I don't think so.
Assistant Principal Gets Unwanted Calls
Rude tourist family wastes 600+ dollars at amusement park
My boyfriend keeps bending my spoons when he scoops ice cream
You insult me during basketball? Ball is life.
Toilet paper is serious business.
Miscount press ups
"Have a nice life", asshole.
Kiss Me, I'm Irish-ish
Use my expensive body wash? Hope you like being Kermit the Frog...
A Grade School Girl's Revenge
Asshole breaks his own cars window and pays €400!
Good old camp revenge
Bad Tenant
Can someone find me a ted talk video that will tastefully piss off my professor?
PLS clean up ur shit
Craigslist Guy Wastes My Time
Piss me off with your laundry beeping?  Enjoy 37 minutes wasted.
Don’t want to share your password? Enjoy being locked out of the system for 3 days!
Secretly shrunk my husbands clothes after he criticized my body
Wrong number four times in a row? You can't hit "redial" and get someone else...
Possibly got someone who manipulated and ignored me, FIRED!
The Star Wars Spoiler.
Don't want my train seat? Fine, but no need to be rude about it.
Wall Mart Lawn and Garden
petty revenge? placing somebody's job in jeopardy? either way, completely justified.
My sister was being annoying so I farted in the oven that she was reheating a sandwich in.
pettiness against a bigot
Stupid Parkers
Got laid off from work today
I'll transfer you right away.
Want to bully be into copying my answers? think again.
Keep the change you bum
Be careful when you key somebody's car.
You're too hot so everyone else has to be cold? This isn't even your house.
Almost hit me with your car, be late for work
Revenge immortalized in a plaque.
Please help me!
Just being helpful...
Steal my cards? Get grounded.
Take her tip? You're an asshole. It's okay though because I'm an asshole too.
No mustard? How about a lot of mustard!
Driver made me jump out of the way or he would have hit me. Help me get revenge.
No poptarts? No lemon.
If you didn't want your car surrounded by shopping carts, perhaps you shouldn't have parked in the cart return stall.
School bully tries to arm wrestle a girl...and loses.
Throw litter on the ground and I see it? Be aware
Enjoy your bent license plate, person in parking lot.
A big thanks to Brezzo for the new revengeful alien!
My first real breakup
Be gone Karen!
You're an Ass, I waste your time.
Truck Parking is hard...Or funny
Don't want to go during a green light? That ain't gonna stop me
Pillow? What pillow?
My roommates kept stealing my parmesan
Man vs Machine, Machine loses
My vengence reaches no bounds.
Different kind of revenge that was indescribably satisfying
My sweet Mickey D's Karen
Can't follow the copier queue rules? Have fun finding your worksheets!
Made Ex's family dissapointed in her
Neighbour wars - winter edition.
‘let’s hope this fat bitch doesn’t buy all the cupcakes’
DESTROY THIS EMAIL
I was angry but didn’t want to get in trouble or make the situation worse so I made myself feel better with petty revenge.
The most petty revenge.
The pettiest revenge...
Don't tailgate the Pizza Guy.
Won't stop texting me over a CL ad? Enjoy your own...
Happy Thanksgiving ya filthy animal.
Do not anger the person who cooks your food, for we aren't subtle and are quick to add chilli
Poster starts with the tl;dr in the top of the post, have a downvote.
The time I tricked two mean tourist
You blow that horn! I'll get my revenge twice!
Put me behind on my job, I'll make you stay late doing nothing.
Refuse to take your cups to the sink, enjoy not having anything to drink out of.
A girl teased me, so I got revenge
Keep me up, then type how you talk.
Dont feel like getting a fork? Have fun feeling like you got a ticket
My revenge on gym rats selfish parkingPlay bitch games, win bitch prizes
She pissed in her tea
Be rude to my friend? I’ll embarrass you in front of the whole class :)
She stole my candy bar. There was no choice..
Dad tried to control my choices but jokes on him
Don't sell drugs on my street
No, I'm not getting off the only working elliptical machine just so you can use it.
You hate me for no reason then I QUIT!
An interesting ending
Ten years of cashews
Roommate Rumble - Entitled girl takes advantage of my niceness until it runs out
Impatient woman can't wait to take my seat
Beat up a kid when no one was watching
Trying to save 0.001 seconds at a subway station? End up waiting 30 mins for a bus
Try to take over a common room and play music all day? Not on my watch.
Gave my brother glitter-balls
My "friend" left me on read,
Awkward Touching, AWAY!
Walk in the rain
Teacher bullies 8 year old so mama goes stealth mode to take him out
Yell at me? Have fun sleeping
Revenge on shitty housemate
Cops accuse me of drinking and driving. I demand a sobriety test. They leave disappointed.
Abandon me at a bar to smoke a joint? Well...
Lie to me? Enjoy a breakup and failing in a very important test.
Parents: Don't Bring Them Home
That scarf WILL be mine!
petty road revenge
I think I got served some petty revenge
King used roll royce for garbage collection as a revenge
Complain about my driving, when the problem is really you? I will waste both of our time.
Diesel Pumps
Keep sending me junk mail? Enjoy wasting time and money.
Steal from me? Watch your stuff burn
Revenge on my neat-freak roommate
Tactical Meshuggah
If I'm wrongly evicted from my apartment, how should I get my petty revenge on my asshole neighbors and landlord?
Petty Yearbook Revenge
Don't pay child support, get your truck towed
The ladies' room has never had more current reading material!
Don't take my parking spot a-hole.
If you're going to lie leave me out of it.
I gave my bosses over 20,000 data packets which must be deleted from our system manually, one at a time (weeks worth of work).
Ex Screws Me. I Screw Him Back.
I threw a bottle at my brother
You're obviously not in a hurry
Kid bullies me I roast the living shit out of them
REQUEST- Coworker stile my chair and gave me his super uncomfortable chair.
If he had asked, i would have given some too
Want to be an asshole at Dollywood?
I get a high from overcharging customers
I had to clean up a sibling's mess, so I made him clean up mine
Fix your own computer!!!
Point a gun at me and i am gonna use condoms from your store to fuck your daughter.
Are you obnoxious? Allow me to mildly ruin your evening!
Threaten my children... Well, ill just destroy your relationship.
Refuse to poop outside? Enjoy a Dutch oven.
Irritating coworker and a small mistake
Hope you didn't want to use a fork!
Sleep with my lady friend? All of Japan is going to know you are an asshole.
Sorry, are my bins annoying you?
Let the dude keep shoveling
He got the shit he deserved.
This guy hopefully will be pissed.
That'll show her!
Brides' Threesome with Jesus
Act rude when waiting for a table, enjoy being stuck at the barPetty Hockey Revenge
I just wanted to go home on time.
Extra delivery please
Secret Swipes
I taught my teacher her place.
Roommate creatively hides his use of my coffee and creamer
Teacher gets just desert
Jellybean Roulette
Corner me into putting up Christmas lights? I will take it out on your gutters.
Call me several times for a stupid phone survey?
Boy you sure do work banker's hours!
-question-
HOA pres tries to defeat my dad. Spoiler alert, it doesn't go well.
Be a jerk to your grandparents? Get ready for some pettiness
Candy Thief Learns Not to Mess With Me
Make me drive tired huh?
Our Campaign will take your Trash
Dismissed as a human being while disabled.
Don't want to follow directions? Fine by us
Don’t use your phone during a movie.
Kinda petty revenge, I thought it was more passive-aggressive revenge, but my husband says 'yeah, it's pretty petty'
You're not getting credit for my work, asshole
Petty revenge on my dog
I am not a morning person
Ain't no iPhone-totin' bitch gonna block my view of Zedd.
The iPhone Debacle
Rude roommate moving out
In the end you did it to yourself
Time heals all
Going for the Gold
Revenge is a carb based dish...
The Tale of the One Armed Lady.
How She Made Her Millions: Stealing Tea
My mum vs my grandma
Try to swindle me? I hope like perfume in your face.
When I told my girlfriend "I love you" for the first time
My ex told me he’s dating someone else... my other ex
Thermostat Woes
Bananas, Bikes, and Anchovies
Phone addict doesn’t get to charge phone
Little Host Sister Gets Perfectly Petty Revenge on Me!
Crackhead ATTACK!
Say 70 percent of the bandwith good bye
Avoid grouping up with me for projects? Alright. I'll make sure you all fail in the most karmic way possible.
Very petty revenge
My boss stole my laptop
Refund Karen
Don’t honor my request off? Okay then.
Don't mess with a solder's spouse!
Stop stealing my hard-earned Gushers.
Pilot Scares Controller Out of the State
Brother vs. Brother: University Edition
Senior year is stressful
Got revenge by playing my games on full volume
Mess with my feelings, I'll mess with your underage clubbing.
Please help me
Throw my clean clothes out of the dryer onto the floor immediately after they’re done? Looks like you’ll be waiting a little extra longer
Going to be a bitch for no reason? Fuck your drink.
Don't piss off the people who do your job clearance!
Mean person gets no boxes!
Hello reddit, I need your help.
Take up multiple parking spots in a crowded parking lot? Enjoy your tickets, assholes
Well if you didn't want me to grab it, you shouldn't' have put it where I could reach it.
I stopped a kid playing fortnite
Take my stuff? Take my burn
Respect My Parking Spot
Entitled first-class passenger gets a visit from the pilot.
Rude secretary
They Thought That They Could Make Fun Of Me? I Showed Them...
The time someone ticked me off and paid the price.
Number
Drugs and diarrhea
Clog the shower at rush hour? Be gone thot! I use my stripping power.
Got Virus? No problem...No job for you!!
Dear Redditors, please help me exact some petty revenge
Don't be shitty to people with disabilities
Laundry Mountain and the Classic Nice-Guy Act
Diablo 2 fuccboi revenge
I’m considering tricking a thief into drinking pee.
Don't piss off fellow gym goers if you want to have sex in the bathroom.
Your language is bad, and you should feel bad
If you're a bad waiter then good luck cleaning up a huge mess
My mom is abusive
Not really revenge but it makes me feel good
Roommate screwed me out of $3000 so I untuned her guitar
You tried to get me fired? Fine, I'll repay the favor.
Trouble at the Y
Compare yourself with me and prepare to burn
My 4th grade Revenge.
BF of 2 years cheated on me at a frat party, and I showed him his friends true colors
Try to make me wait 3 weeks for a refund you can wait 3 weeks for your product.
Repost again ;n;
Petty revenge on thieving step sister.
The Horrible Downstairs Neighbors and the Shared Boiler: A Saga of Revenge
Entitled Karens, Please don't call us.
They bailed on group project so I tricked them into humiliating themselves in front of everyone
Keep teenagers who are being responsible with their schoolwork from getting it completed? Engage: pettiness protocols.
Forget the trash? Well no taco for you!!
Shameless fundraising
I don't have what you have, but I don't want it, too
Store manager's petty revenge on annoying customer.
Posted on a University Confessions page..
Crappy neighbors destroy bike trail, get a taste of petty revenge
No shower, no shoes, no scenery
Want to pass me on the highway? How about no
Entitled and rude on the phone? Now your whole family knows you were snooping around.
You might be able to outsmart the professor, but don’t mess with the curve and other people’s grades
Sister wouldn't let me have chocolate pudding, so when my parents asked what I wanted after surgery, my answer was...
I know this is weird but can someone actually help me get some petty revenge?
A Two-Faced "Friend" &amp; One Dark Irony
Lady almost makes us crash into her over a parking spot so we get some petty revenge.
Hit your sister? Get your right foot ran over.
What goes around comes around for some bosses...
“Reserve” street parking and slap my car? Enjoy the stairs.
Now Who's Better?
Yuppie scumbag boss tried to cheat me on my pay. He learned the hard way I wasn't some kid he could push around.
Bags are bad.
My little brother is the king of petty‘Petty revenge in roblox
Call me a slut and say that you slept with me? How about I destroy your reputation and possibly affect your chances of getting into college
Math: The Best Way to Get Rid of a Roommate
Won't let me leave a chat group? Get excluded from all of our chat groups.
Losing the Best Shit Cleaner They'll Ever Have
Want some thing else??? Okay!
Negotiate then leave? Your camel's now mine.
Don't throw away my magazine because you don't like it
Classmate learned not to touch my candy
Don't want to stick to your word about sending information home, violating school policy and causing a student to be stuck in your shitty school? Fine, reprint the student handbook. All of them.
You never trade shifts with me when I need it, so enjoy your half a concert.
My revenge against my douchebag coworker.
My Ex-Wife accused me of sleeping with my friend, so I did
Cut me off in the drive thru? Check your tires.
My jukebox revenge
Don't belittle people, and you'll have a better life.
Bully force feeds me algae at age 6 and i get the perfect revenge at age 13. Revenge is definitely best served cold.
Third Grade Victory
College Snitch Gets Pinched
Politics and students
Resident's revenge
My son just learned that people suck and they'll rip you off.
Thank you for the wedding present
My former boss fucked me over &amp; didn't believe me when a male coworker was harassing me so I got my revenge
Throw my Fiancé in a pool at the club, get pantsed
Flight delayed and you choose to not obey, better pay for both.
I got revenge in my bully on the last day of school when I wouldn't be coming back.
Person I hate is going through hell.
I see your greedy scam, and I raise you my petty Robin Hood revenge
Destroy our Mc house we destroy your discord server
Impatient customer demanded I get off lunch early to help her, so I wasted her time
Evil Butler strikes again
Acting like a child? Enjoy your adult diapers!
Careful how you park
6th Grade Bully
You creamed my car, so the drinks are on you.
Fresh from the trenches: you’re a lazy, shitty handicab driver? Enjoy hunting for my fare in the seat cushions and closing your door yourself.
I cause two boys to fail social studies because they did nothing for a project
No RSlash? No Sleeping Tonight!
The line cutter citation
Solved the keyboard problem.
I would like revenge against trump for killing my father and thousands of others with his pandemic response. Please sign and share this petition. Thank you.
Weeaboo Justice, part 2
An entitled bully gets his grade changed
My revenge from first grade
Man vs Machine, Man wins
Don’t park in the grass
Fix your damned car horn
The Poop Plan
Good luck firing all your drivers
I'm a delivery driver for takealot in south africa. I got sweet petty revenge on my mentality challenged ex land lady.
Liquids in trash revenge.
My neighbors decided to order pizza instead of coming to our 31st christmas block party at our house. We gave their pizza guy free food and a ride in Santa's sleigh instead.
A parting gift to a nasty coworker.
Shopping Revenge
Scammer gets his due.
Reporting the one who didn't like me
You want me to count $300 of coins, sure I’ll do that
Say goodbye to your New Year's resolutions.
A ten second delay pisses you off? Have another
My ex gave out my number."Smoked" her with my petty revenge!
Iced By The TSA
Cheerleading Team Revenge
recruitment revenge
Adam Levine it is!
I threw up on a bad chief.
I'm tellin' y'all it's sabotage
CEO takes a snow day but emails at 8am suggesting we all show up?
Jerked off in Roommates shampoo for stealing my money
Don't flash your brights at me when there's a cop right behind you...
Fart Potato
Let's Get Funky! - Noise Wars
That one time when a smile isn't what you want to see.
They blindsided me so I quit
I Win Nut Check Game...That I wasn't playing
Steal my tips and I’ll steal your sleep
Oh, you want to borrow my chair? No big deal...
My neighbors partied and kept me awake.
Wake my kids up through the night, enjoy listening to Thomas the Tank Engine at 6am.
Call my brother a r*tard, get yourself banned!
Yes, ma'am, I'll just pass that right along...
We cancelled the contract, so you will “make us pay.”
I like this blanket and I did exactly what you asked
So... you like to watching replays, eh?
GOT REVENGE ON EX CRUSH
“Friend” Gave me his info then taught me a lesson.
Want a special seat? Here you go
Take away my xbox and phone for basically no reason? have fun using some SPICY shampoo in the shower
Looks like you're getting nothing.
"Wait... you're the real one?"
My petty revenge on a racist client
Be a jerk? Get into a fight with your girlfriend!
Payback for my Horrible Roommate
The Pettiest of Petty Revenges
One from my dad's navy days
I have a bad roommate, so I'll be leaving this letter on our common room table tomorrow morning. Warning: Bad language and grammar enclosed.
I asked you nicely to stop bringing them into the office
Hated Teacher's Christmas Present: Slightly Used Gum
Do Crows poop in the park? yep
Stick it to ya!
Moral High-Ground
Protestors not getting my attention
Douche at concert
Best comeback to my mom
Wanna be impatient with me? Have fun making a presentation on your own.
Blast from the Past!
Be a considerate neighbour
The one time being a waitress worked out :)
Don't like colored things? I can fix that
For all the clerks out there, this one is for you.
Sister wouldn't stop stealing my clothes.
Classic man child throws a tantrum over 50 cents and holds up a sizeable queue...
Just helping a fellow student out.
Drive-thru revenge; I do this at least once a month
Take my Happy Meals? Enjoy
I vandalized my neighbors car because they tried to kill my dog
Dont mess with my family
Won’t pay me back? Have fun paying all of a month’s rent.
Now you see it, Now you dont
Steal my accounts huh?
Guy asked me to be his girlfriend, made plans to meet up the next day, and then blocked all forms of communications, so I got even.
Don't want to listen? Have some numb hands
Sociopath kisses my friends girlfriend. Need advice.
High school 12 grade
Don't like unloading your bar at the gym, huh? That's a damn shame.
Here's your order, your miserable prick
Getting revenge on a smart ass school principal
Rude spring-breakers forced to move seats
If you don't like it, make it yourself next time.
act like a ass for no reason...keep my dead skin
Dollar General Cashier
Assholes Race Ruined
Block my Driveway. I have a comeback...
Spill food on my sofa; enjoy losing to your friend on Battlefield 3
Girl try’s to ruin my reputation let’s see about that.
Awful sister/roommate and an evil boyfriend. NEED REVENGE IDEAS
Player gets angry and loses to a vengeance seeking turtle
"It's our policy."
Ex recorded me at my worst so he got what he deserved.
Drug dealer snitches on me, well i guess hes coming down with me now!You have the privilege of cleaning my white creamy mess, ladies
Steal my parking spot while I'm reversing in?
Revenge on overbearing manager
It's the little things that add up to a lot
Dirty discord buddy got a taste of his own medicine
After my ex-girlfriend slept with my "best friend" I changed her Netflix account from English to Mandarin.
Getting removed from a group email list I did not sign up for.
All the potato salad
Hope you don't enjoy your drink.
Attendance sabotage
Omnivore's Sweet Petty Revenge
Girl from Camp Gets Water Balloon'd
No Xbox for you...
Welcome to Chicago!
Night owl neighbor is disrespectful, blast him back with some early morning tunes
Break a peace treaty to make Risk easier on yourself? Work harder for your victory.
I've been annoying my brother by messing with his tv for years and he's never noticed.
Kick my balls? You've still got a good 5 seconds to regret your decision.
Steal my water? Enjoy working out a little harder.
Petty revenge on the worlds worst roommate.
Treat my entire family like garbage? YOUR-IN for a surprise!
Propose during my wedding ? I’ll make sure to celebrate my kids first birthday and pregnancy announcement during yours
Enjoy My Nude Garden Party
Make our staff cry? No food for you.
i also have autism
Stolen razor
Tip me 44 cents? Enjoy your dead car battery.
Helping my dogs get revenge (aka You damn kids stay out of my yard!).
Limiting yourself to 500 calories per day? How about some pizza?
Group member slacks off on not one presentation but two and I am Petty-boop
A horrible friend
Steal my stuff then act like we are friends? I don't think so.
My bf was being a butt so I decided to play a trick on him by turning off all of the lights
That fifteen minutes was really important to you, wasn't it? Here, let me give it back!
The filthy store clerk deserved it. He should review company policy.
My dad's petty revenge
Be an ass. Lose a game
The “Broken” Electric Organ
Petty Revenge in School
Salty.
You were an ass, keep on waiting for a job.
I slipped in an olive
Feeding time revenge on bully cat
If given the option, would you prank call or text 909-446-6880 and ask my friend "Is your refrigerator running?" I didn't do anything for April fools day. Would you prank call or text her?
Don’t mess with my water...
Make fun of my mask? Take my karate kick!
Petty middle school revenge. JusticePorn sent me here.
Ex-roommate/friend was a two-faced pain who pushed us to get convicted, so I switched out her "files"
Rule #1 in the laundry room: Don't! Fucking! Touch! Other! People's! Shit!
Hide my stuff? Feel my wrath
Programmer Petty
Obnoxious campers shit themselves in fear.
If you look up the word moron in the dictionary, you'll see your picture there.
Make me walk farther? Have fun looking stupid.
Hit me in the nuts? Have fun buying a new sweatshirt
My package was stolen... but it’s ok, they needed it more than me.
Don't go to sleep when we ask you to, then wake up to a rickroll
Don't call me names unless you are prepared for the consequences.
Didn't say her name to her boss, but...
Keep on honking at hen there’s no place to. Meet Tiny.
Wash your own damn laundry
Magician vs Magician
Don't rev your engine behind a biker.
Quit, Then got Promoted!
Its for security of the building!
I just wanted to pick up my package
Cheater kisses her MMORPG account goodbye
Backstabber being bullied
Humiliate me in front of my classmates, Imma prove you wrong in front of the staff teachers
Accidental revenge - Enjoy your "trip"
Update: a story of festive revenge at its pettiest.
We Got Our Own Small Victory. Suck It Mystic!
SUPERVISOR SCAMS MY DAD AND BUYS A LAPTOP
Trolley boys are just targets ... right?
This is what happens when you throw a tantrum with someone who's much more petty than you
If you want to treat me like a special needs child, I can act like one
Both my dogs get revenge on me twice a day. Every day.
make me watch your chute for 30 minutes cause you were in the bathroom on the phone? Ok Red light
He hung up
I slam the banhammer!
I am not your sun screen.
Better luck next time for lying about your marks
Dogs are easily distracted
Sucker punched this little shit for egging my house twice.
Wealthy woman tries to steal from Church fundraiser
The sign said "exit only"
Terrible parking job
My Christmas spirit was shot that year
I have been waiting 16 years for this
The silent treatment
Be mean to my mother serving your Drinks? Good luck driving home
tabel
Call the cops on some kids in the afternoon? Enjoy your court visit.
A man made a video consisting of 10 minutes of useless information just to spite one commenter.
Don't like having to clean the dishes? How about the entire house instead
I sent my former boss an army off Karen
Small but satisfying revenge at the gas station
IS NOTHING SACRED?!
Park in our driveway? Hope you don't have anywhere to be for the next two hours.
I steal from the tip jar. The folks over at Talesfromyourserver suggested I share it here too.
Catty Revenge
Bigots Get To Wait.
I punched my sister
colleague gets what's coming to her...
Neighbors kid try’s to stab my friend with a saw my mom was having none of it
Enjoy your ever changing passwords.
Vomit and a Valentine
Enjoy paying that photo ~
The Heavywalker who doesn't realize his steps cause earthquakes.
Try to tow my car? We'll see
Don't Mess with my Mother
Entitled Driver
Too swole to hold the door open? Too swole to exit.
Took My BF, Played the Victim but Still Wanted Help Passing College Exams...the Audacity
My boss was a jerk to me today.
ATM
I am happy
HOA Karen put another flyer in my mailbox...
Wake me up at 5am? Fair enough..
Call me Santa, I make your kid cry.
Think it's more important for you to get where you're going than me? Sit in traffic a bit longer.
The red couch.
Learn to say "Excuse Me"
Here, let me allow you to pass.
Lil sis
I just wanna know 😂
I just discovered this subreddit, and a story from my senior year of college immediately came to mind.
My brother ruined my project so I made my revenge...
Company treated me like dirt, so I left them in the dust
Revenge on my teacher who wouldn’t let me film a documentary in high school.
Excuse me while I make this turn.
Take my wet clothes out of the dryer? You'll be up for another hour.
Petty revenge on a horrible landlady.
You're the one that I want!
I need my pasta
Please help me think of a good way to exact revenge.
Neighbor calls me and my girlfriend the "police" and then tells us "fuck the police", gets police called on him for being a vandal.
Swear all day playing call of duty? Have fun in the basement
Lying so you can cheat a meal from me? We can play the same game, bitch.
Catfish me? I'll expose you for the cheater you are. (NSFW)
Overtake me and then slow me down? Well enjoy going the speed limit
Get mad at me? No TV for you
Treat me like a lesser human and you get to pay more.
Keep The Change: A Slob Story.
Amazing Results: Destruction Absolute
This is what you get for being nothing but nice to me.
I don't see your point
I told Gawker to bite me and went to Reddit
Noghtclub Rejection *Gone Clickbait*
You moon me, my pup will avenge me.
Compact car delivers full-size revenge
Milk and cookie.
Well disobey the teacher obey my SLIDE
Etsy story
Petty retail vengeance on a coworker.
I'll make sure your chicken comes out fresh this time.
SUV behind me tried to high beam me out of the fast lane
Steal my food from my desk will you, oh I do hope you make it to the toilet in time..
If you’re gonna write me up over nonsense, you better make sure your act is high and tight.
Tasty Coffee
Don't try to run my dog over in a company car!
Give Me Credit for Your Work
Keep sending emails meant for somebody else? OK maybe this will get your attention
Rumble Strip Revenge
Petty betty
Homeowner has to cut down fence. Paints remainder neon colours
Revenge on 9yo bully
"Revenge" on co-worker
My classmate Blasted Music in my Ears, so I slapped him
His face dropped!!! When he found out .
Boyfriend dumps me, and I had already purchased an expensive Christmas gift for him
You want make my first-semester hell? I'll make you Rage in your living room from 50 miles away!
Oh, you're gonna leave without tipping on a $90 meal?
Mess with my friend? I mess with you.
Bachelorette party triple pettiness plus a bonus!
If I don't get to use my pen, no one can
Can't be bothered to change your laundry over? Enjoy the smell of mildew on your clothes!
Dog Poop Minefield
Ditched toxic friend when she fell asleep at school
That was the most satisfying sunrise I have ever seen.
Always Text Me Back
Double Screwdriver &amp; a French Dip?
You make fun of me for 3 school grades,I'll 15 mins of your day uncomfortable
TV control in the breakroom
Not that spicy here try this
Got another Roommate story
To those who tailgate.
Bully wants my seat well probably should have watch your mouth
First post ever.
Ding my door, give me a sh!tty look and don't apologize?
Throw rocks at my bunny prepare to burn
Acknowledge me being courteous
Gonna fuck with me? Alright, that's cool. Meet Roxy.
Sister keeps stealing your drink? Enjoy being ‘salty’
Instant karma for woman who wouldn't let me pass her on an escalator
Sandwich a solo girl at an eSports event, and proceed to blow a vuvuzela in the middle of a large crowd? Get called out
Entitled woman thinks my dad was out to get her
Sell me a broken tumble dryer? I'll ensure you never get a moment's peace.
Microwave hog
Losing a $1,000 bet sucks
Highschool bullies
Say it's my fault that you're order during peak hours is late? Get offered a job.
Thеrе is а Youtuber cаllеd "Leоn Faradаy" thаt leаrns еveryweеk а nеw skill. Нis relativеs раssеd awаy whеn hе wаs 14, he makеs videоs about own ехperience оf mаstering nеw skills and another vidеos for peоple to kеep motivаtiоn to learn аnd try new things, bеcause we havе only one life
Fuck you bright house. Or spectrum or whatever.
"Just Change"
Mess up my lunch order? You get yelled at, and I get my lunch for free.
Petty Revenge On An Old Grouch
Einstein's Revenge
Don't speed near highway patrol
And now you can’t have an illegal business!
HOA Karen has been complaining to my neighbors about my sex life and slut shaming me to residents in our building, so I’m responding.
How my son bested his bully in a small, but intensely satisfying way.
Kid creeps on my friends and won’t leave them alone make sure he gets in deep trouble if he comes near them every again
Be a douche and still expect my parking spot? Have fun waiting!
Oh you need directions, please let me help!
So he wanted to mess with my friends and I...
I revenge spoiled a Game of Thrones
Discord drama
Alright, I got one
Scammer fobs her debt collectors off on stranger (me); I throw them back
One comment causes husband's Dry Spell
I have sent you compensation commensurate with your inconvenience.
Screw off teacher
I was cold, not carjacking.
Don't drink the Hennessy
Bitch bettah have my suppah!
Pepperoni Revenge
Two tickets to petty revenge
Double Parking Convertible
Landlords Take Advantage of College Students
Buy the bike I wanted? Have some gravel!
Brother shuts the Xbox down, revenge is set forth.
You waste my time, I'll waste yours!
Hair today - revenge tomorrow
Wrong place to litter.
Be cheap with broke interns, loose invaluable work.
DUDE IN MATH TEXTBOOK
Trashy Mom At Walmart
You're docking my wages? Ok then, fine.
Looking for some text message revenge
Tired of the HOA lady
You Wanna Sass Me? You Get To Leave!
Insult me, Screw around with My Boyfriend, Ok I make you parent disowned you
Drunk asshole roommate? Free pizza...
Break my watch? I'll break your friendships
Mother stops her kids annoying everyone with hot sause.
Get annoyed at me while I'm trying to cook dinner? Enjoy your lame fries
A mother who knows her daughters well
Steal a ride from me? Enjoy your walk.
Nasty room tried to sleep with me
When your ~vote~ bitching doesn't make a difference.
Guy pushes me over in a porta potty..... So, I got some revenge ;)
I'll take those two bucks back, and your dignity...
Surprise, you're pregnant!
My neighbors play loud music during the day.
Unleashed a torrent of fury tonight at Target.
Skin bleaching? I’ll do you one better!
Hope you like cold food.
a racist gets what he deserves.
Wanna make money today? Don't yell at me for being 1 minute late.
You cancel my birthday lunch that you scheduled? That will cost you your office.
Roommate uses my power strip ad liberum without asking, I take back what is mine.
Hurt my hand? Have fun with freezing ears!
Try to kill my dog? Hope you don't mind if I ruin your life?
A gooey leaf and a toilet
Sand castle
Don’t forget the cream ;)
Good luck watching Netflix during the break
Kid knocks ice cream out of hand and says sorry
Bully me for a year? Ok I'll be back
Put your goddamn sauces away.
Fuck Christmas
sister breaks instrument I've been stealing from her since
Quality pettyness
The boys all helped me get even
Sit on my seat, get embarrassed in front of your dog friends!
Flies and macaroni
You called down the thunder, now reap the whirlwind
You don't want to put my laundry in the dryer? Well, I won't put yours in either
She wouldn’t go to bed
Bully a one of your high school students? Get karma
Muted on my "Bad Advice" FB group
Want to ruin all my stuff that you CAN’T buy anymore then let me prevent you from talking to your friends and your Christmas gift
Enjoy your water bill
I buy a game we can share but you don't share the console? No game for you!
(x-post from /r/nhlhut) Someone playing hockey online is forced to watch the replays of every goal against a player with infinitely superior players and gets the last laugh in the end.
Call me lazy girl while you skip off to drink, I'll make you suffer for it.
The Mother Daughter Team (Xpost from maliciouslycompliant)
I wrote 3 open letters to kids at my school
Don't replace the toilet paper? Get the mop.
how I ended up paying $80 to fix something I didn't even cause.
Make The Sweetes Girl In Class Cry? I'll Embarass You In Front Of The Whole Class!
Fucking with a Scammer (ONGOING)
If you're an asshole, nobody will want to help you.
Tailgating Revenge
Rude shopping cart lady, here is to your extra trips.
Have fun sitting in the back seat. :)
Revenge fail ate the tools of rwvenge
Throw away my sunglasses? Feel my wrath.
Report me for "breach of contract"? Be prepared to lose your lifes work. X-post from /r/ProRevenge
Revenge involving a cheating boyfriends chastity device and some itching powder.
That's for your bad customer service
Roommate likes to scream at fortnite? No one to scream at when it doesn't work, you man-child.
The Mushroom Man (xpost from r/TalesFromRetail)
Charities that send receipts?
The Playground Is Over There.
Smokers: check your mirrors first
Being played can make you do crazy things.
Foiled Again!
Late Night Gaming
The sweatiest of revenges.
Write me up for being 10 minutes late? I'll burn 50 burgers and lose you $350.
Can someone point me to a subreddit to get advice for a situation I’m dealing with?Treat me like a maid? Hope you enjoy living with parents again.
Ex girlfriend jab
I'll ruin your prank...twice
Sneezing revenge...
Maybe I can't outthrow you, but I can outsmart you.
Petty revenge on my better half.
Say I don't know what depression is like? Your server has been raided
Don't repeatedly insult a pregnant girl you're locked in a car with (warning, gross)
Refuse to clean up your mess, incur the wrath of a petty student flatmates
how i got my dad in hot water with my mum
I told my roommate not to enter my room or use my equipment while I'm visiting family over the holidays. I was gone less than a day and he sends me this video. I'm not even mad. -
I left the windows open
You think you can critique my beautiful PowerPoint and get away with it?
Mcdonald's Drive-Thru Rage
Rude Man at Gas Station
If That's How You're Going to Be, I Won't Pay for You
That's fine, make fun of me for never having a girlfriend.
Tosser tries to copy my homework, loses £2 and gets detention
Well played Mr. Snowden
My landlord is crazy picky about the type window covering I have in my own home.
Vegetarian privelege
Hit me I stab your beer.
Get in the middle of our group? Get hit.
I'll get all the gas rewards, grandad!
The Tale of the Time I Scared a Skinhead Shitless.
Another bad neighbor story.
Karen in Training Gets Schooled
Tale of the Haunted TV
How my petty revenge hopefully taught my room mate to leave me out of emotional drama
Well, who wants free games?
My First World Petty Revenge Problem
Elevator revenge
Here, Have Our Trash.
Cheat on me? I'll delete all her nudes and take juicy screenshots.
Getting back at the girl who lied just to get a free meal.
Rush me while driving... You can wait
more so of asking
My prettiest revenge
Steal my pen? I hope you enjoy pulling pins out of your cubicle wall.
Enjoy That Reclass
Asshole Nearly Hits my Car, so I Block his Way
Replant me? Get scratches
That'll show you to mess with me
Yell at me for leaving a book in your classroom? I'll leave dental hygiene products in there instead.
A present for my ex that will always have me with her :)
Gonna tailgait me? Enjoy getting stuck.
Call me names? Let's see how "pissed off" I can get...
Entitled grandmother getting her due, kind of
My mate threw my things out of bathroom and went to bathe
The fly's last laugh
how to deal with disrespectful apartment neighbor?
Eat my food will ya? Hope you like dirt in your mouth.
Entitled Bitch yelled at me for half an hour, then got embarrassed.
Girl tries to guilt trip me on something that's none of her business, then I make it her business.
Steal from me..... I steal from you.....
Some Tourists can be awful...
My new Co-worker finds quick issue with me and brings it up to management, I quickly pave the way for her to embarrass herself infront of management .
"Do you work here?"
Kids will be kids? Enjoy your potential $250 fine.
don't want to play? to bad.
Ex-boyfriend caught in a compromising position
Cause me stress and ruin my semester of school? Enjoy getting in trouble!!
April Fools prank against bullies
He steals my seat so I steal his test.
Sharpening pencils
Back in the dial-up and land-line phone days, I had some p(r)etty revenge.
Call me a bad person HELL NA
i believe i can fly
That should teach him.
Good luck getting your car out tomorrow you prick
No bill for you!
cause spose was so pissed so only thing i can do is throw this out there and have craig get some replays on how dumb this makes him.
tearing up stuff? -- that's a paddlin'
Ideas for revenge on this racist?
Get me muted? Enjoy your perm ban. And losing a good 500+ dollars.
Petty Revenge against my boss.
Enjoy the bing search engine.
Airport Rules
Don't Smoke
Of course I'll write this assignment for you
A small win in a night full of annoyance
If I have to hear your music, you have to hear mine.
My dog licked my lips
How I Low-Key Had a Fat Komashida as a Boss...
My boss sneezed and I didn't say bless you
Keep peeking on my test answers? have a taste of incorrect answers! :)
Need ideas for Petty Revenge!
Tech support revenge
Friend slaps me so I make him cry
Karma takes care of my revenge
The Roommate
The small joys when working in retail
Hashtag WatchUsStillDelivering
helping with product count, Arabic numbers not clear enough
Neighbor threw trash in my yard
Don't talk on your phone during checkout
Not the most petty but close
Racist? Which of us is racist?
Slam the dishes? I'll make you do it all over again
Make me fail my assignment I'll just destroy yours
Won’t pay for tv licence? No refund for you
Maybe not so much “petty”...
Walmart "Pay back"
Don't trash talk someone right in front of you!
Try to get around me when I'm already speeding? Not today.
A Petty Breakfast Tale....
Old bully gets laughed at
Just like as you say, I don't know much.
Nice post on Kijiji Canada...
Dog whistle is great
Push it closer
friend used me, so i used the guy she loved (kinda NSFW)
I'm being disrespectful? Nice one buddy.
A few years ago my brother was annoying me, so when he went to the bathroom and placed his clean clothes there then briefly walked out, I took his clean underwear and hid it.
How do you like them spoilers?
Don’t want to sell me chips? Ok, have fun making more anyways!
Verbally abuse me online? Ok... here’s a perma-ban
Send me glitter? I'll watch without you.
Bully a autistic kid and threat me? Have fun being expelled.
Teacher called me an idiot, she got fired
Kid throws ball at friend we throw ball in dumpster
Could someone please explain to me what makes something belong in r/pettyrevenge and not r/justiceporn?
My mom fed a kid to be petty
Leave your cart in a empty parking space? Enjoy waiting for me to move that cart of yours.
The perfect revenge
My frenemy
Tailgater suffers a slight delay.
Choose your own content
i have to drop everything to let you in 5 times a day, you get soaked
Do Not Mess with your Sandwich Artist &gt;:)
Revenge on a not-so musically inclined sister
Ruin the garden the garden ruins you...
I have to choose less aggressive music to play at work, huh? Game on.
Pickle in your purse
my most successful burn on a past house mate. (ad placed in the local paper) he got about 20 quality replies that day.
Ask nicely
Parking spot stolen revenge.
Enjoy the completely decimated garden, fuckknuckles!!
That's your job, not mine.
Little but I’m not satisfied
Fill the water yourself!
Won't wait for the right time? I'll make you wait a little longer
A (literal) sweet revenge
We argued on facebook and he went to friend jail.
Tailgate me will you?
Revenge at 25,000 feet
EM yells at me because her dog needs to be muzzled
I was in a group project with 2 other guys and I did almost everything
You're really going to hog that armrest, are you.
Someone wanted to humiliate me for something petty. I confessed to it and everyone agreed with my actions.
Ditching me once will cost you $90!
Park like an a**hole? Enjoy being posted online!
I'm a manager at a valet company; some asshole constantly parks illegally in my lot...
Push in front of me? That'll be £10, please.
Top gunned
Want to cut in front of us at a concert? Haha NOPE
Room mates left the place a dump so I got everybody fined.
Broke up a frat party
Won't let me go home slightly early? Have fun with overtime.
You pollute the neighbourhood with the smell of your shisha and shitty loud music? Get struck by the sweet odour of the chemical essence of vomit and shit!
Petty revenge on scammers!
Choose printing as your only job in the group project? Enjoy getting your ink and paper drained.
I can also take things that aren't mine
Don't be an asshole roommate
Revenge of the Minecraft noob.
"Free" WiFi
Be the worst roommate ever? No "social group" for you!
My horny grandmother was ruining my sex life
Piss off the entire hostel? Well...
Can't see the red light? Let me help you see!
To my dear friend, asshole.
Four Euros
Got revenge on my "friend"
Bratty Kid annoys local card game tourney group, I'd thought to put him in his place.
The tale of a heartbreaker
/u/EurasianTiger mod of r/hapas tried to make me kill myself. I am exposing this abuser EVERYWHERE on the internet.
using their credit card pin as my passcode
This is just so stupid but it managed to be my biggest victory thus far using such petty, petty revenge.
This guy was always a douche to me
Roommate Gets ItThe best revenge is a life well lived ~or~ Thanks for improving my car, asshole!
No cake for you
Apologised for knocking but wants to be a dick, gets served sweet revenge
FARRRRRRT NOISE (bye bye scammer)
Eighth Grade Pettiness on a Shitty Person
I made my teacher count 800 or more pennies
Incompetant and demeaning Boss? Give her free doughnuts!
i was a kid &amp; my mom slapped me
My Counsin wants to hit on me and my sister and kitten well you're in trouble.
Should have control your child
Try to give me Cooties and that’s your ass.
Step sister cooks food with mine and my mom's appliances, doesn't offer us anything.
Hair in food and tabacco on purpose
High school drama
Be Careful of What Granny Overhears...
You tell me to shut up, I shut you up.
Wanna be asshole roommate? I'll let my cat sort you out.
You grab my ass? Enjoy an elbow in your face.
Refuse to pay me, and refuse to honor our deal? Have fun with no wifi!!
Sometimes I upvote bad posts before downvoting them so that I see the number drop even further.
Rude Chinese restaurant employee
Fire me for standing up for myself? Alright enjoy your IG page being deleted
Try to act like a big man all night... I'll remind everybody of what happened when you were a dumb little kid.
4 dryers for a 9-story apartment building, WCGW?
Bully me and my friend? Enjoy time on the ground.
Oops, you didn't know that we spoke English?
Looking for resources to spam scammers
Give me over priced water? I’ll give you some water back!
Abusive Ex-Son In Law
Shhh, this is a library
Post office lost all my mail and lied about it.
Even Bill Cosby isn't safe from petty revenge...
Roommate withholds wifi info, petty revenge is taken
Threaten me on social media because i kept your brother from murdering someone? Legal system will deal with that.I am a bartender and saw a guy once try to drug another girl’s drink and while he wasn’t looking I switched the drink. I then watched the guy drug himself.
Be a dick? Enjoy your milk!
My dad is a dick
Sneak past a car keeping space? Say hello to my bike!
My friend's revenge on a rude stripper
Petty Pops
Wanna be an AH? Okay, won't buy your product
Enjoy your unnecessary work out, lady.
Shouldn't have been smoking away your work shift
Call me a donkey? I’ll close your pool!
Petty or Serious
NEED HELP
sales showdown
Want to Be a Crotchety Neighbor? Enjoy Your Free Samples.
Sticks and stones may lead to your spa party being ruined.
Keep bumping into me and standing too close because I refuse to crowd the person ordering at Starbucks? Enjoy my farts.
I tried to petty revenge my boss. It backfired.
My brother pressured a girl into sending photos and a bit more
Annoying customer is about to receive tons of annoying emails.
People who speed on the highway.
That'll teach you to hold the goddamn elevator!
If you want more space, don't fly economy
My boss watched porn in the office, I complained, he got me fired.
Dump me because you cheated and knocked up the other bitch? Well, guess what.
So you won't include me in physical activities?
Hit my car door will you?
If I can't use it, you can't use it!
Enjoy my dog poop, neighbor.
You are only my boss when I'm scheduled to work
They told me my friends Photos were too doctored and belongs in /r/ShittyHDR... Guess who's work made front cover Dream Homes International and was featured in the Wall Street Journal
Cut Off and Vaguely Threaten My Wife? Enjoy five years of being slightly delayed from going home.
Self-entitled Travellers
Crazy ex got what she deserved
You really need the quiz answers?
A Fifth Wheel roommate Tale
Shitty little revenge on an ex friend(s)
cacadoodledo
Revenge comes quickly
Keep knocking on the bathroom door older sister...
Stole a racist rich bitch’s insta handle in middle school. Her daddy threatened to sue me
A sour attitude can cost you
Me and my grandpa get payback at asshole boat riders
Don’t mess with Asians
Mock my disabled brother? Big sister mode activated
Went to be anoying fin enjoy the smell
Enjoyed myself some 4th of July Petty Revenge
Revenge of the silken ladder
Rotting fish socks
Nice hand you have there, it would be a shame if something happened to it.
Be a jerk? Have all of the change.
Thanks for getting that for me... nummnutz
Being rude? Enjoy the loud laughing in your ear!
Long, obfuscated, last minute contracts.
Don't mess with my lunch break.
Throw a pumpkin at my head? Its about to get really cold.
How can I screw over my annoying neighbor legally?
Carpooling cousin.
Hate spam? Me, too
Bully me for 3 years? Enjoy being suspended and losing a soccer tournament
Stop For Pedestrians
Remove My Wet Clothes? Enjoy Smelling Like Piss
Six-year old me gets some sweet petty revenge!
My Scumbag Manager (x-post: r/funny)
Fuck. Your. Fern.
Dave &amp; Buster's worst kind of kid.
My boss decided to change POS settings. (X-post r/TalesFromRetail)
People who park over the line
High school bullies throw wet toilet paper at me. I f*ck them up with soap.
Petty revenge with kindness!
Mess with me by throwing my stuff, go get it. (SHORT)
"Stole" an officer's pizza
Brother nut-taps me. I was eating bacon. Looked him dead in his soul. Ran into his room and grabbed his xbox controller with bacon hands.
Spoil a movie ending for me? Get punched
I finally got the ultimate wheelchair pass
So you want to mess with Students and lose my midterm paper? Have fun eating your words.
Driving slowly as petty revenge for making me wait
She cheated on me so I transferred all her pokemon on PokemonGO.
How to share a dishwasher
Waste my screen space, I waste yours.
I have this coworker who is constantly shitting on me, pulling pranks and generally being an ass. Any good ideas on how j can get back at him? I have his cellular number.
Racist girls on a coach lose their bags
Don't mess with you kid sister
You'll remember this face!
Teaching a property officer in a bank a lesson in humility.
Steal my work? Well, the enemy of my enemy.....
Don't piss off a farmer
Don't be a snake to your boss' daughter
Good Times, Bad Times
Cheating Girlfriend
My HOA pissed me off because they cited me for bullshit. I set this up at the entrance of my neighborhood on a Friday night. They won't be back until Monday.
Got hurt, blamed my bully
Cut in line? Listen to me gag!
Be annoying to me in class, have bus doors slammed in your face
Made a girl from ancient history class embarrass herself
Boyfriend and I were together for a year. Right after I was diagnosed with chronic seizures and many other things..
Scammed the guy who tried to blackmail me into overpaying for repairs.
You can take your H.O.A and shove it up your A.S.S
Mr. Employee don't send your nice mom after me!
Wanna be a bad neighbor? I’ll show you a bad neighbor.
Skip out on rent? I'll send you to the DMV
Revenge on entitled parents
Sure, leave your shopping cart in the open spot
Final Report Revenge
Boyfriend (now husband) farted on me as a joke
Won't quiet your music down? Fine I'll blast some with you
He stood in the middle of the sidewalk in New York City.
You want to get rid of me? Enjoy your audit.
Keep the Change
Be a Douche to my Friends? Sure.
Slight insult, spam his e-mail
Honking at me when you could've easily gone around? Not the best thing to do to an experienced driver..
What's the pettiest thing you've ever done?
Rear end my car and drive off? Thanks for the nice gift, I'll return the favor.
My cousin gets hit in the face with a ball
Exposed A Boy And Made Him Get In Lots Of Trouble
Don't wake me up with a generator and then steal my electricity
Always Cut In the Lunch Line? Wait Another 10 Minutes To Find Something Else To Eat
Revenge ideas to pull on little sister?
My landlady was really abusive, so I messed up the appliances before leaving.
Interrupt my study time? well..
My neighbor keeps throwing his cigarette butts at my door.
Petty Revenge Through Pokemon GO
Be a jerk to my friends? OK I think I’ll leave my handprint
Ratting out your sister never gets old.
A bigot librarian? Fine. I'll be the nicest ‘Muslim' you ever met.
Don't throw things at me
Be hostile to me in front of your 'cool' friends? Here, take my pee
She had a horse and his name was Dick
Ruin my social life? Have fun with that broken noseRuin my idea for art? Have fun deleting 1300 photos...
Can't be thankful when I fix your XB1? I'll revert my fix.
Classroom Politics are getting serious
Neighbors mining for coal
My Roommates From Hell ... Who Really Got the Last Laugh?
At the donut shop this morning.
Smokey gets his...
Cut the line and get yelled and embarrased
UPDATE: That stupid bimbo who bragged about her ridiculous lawnmower scam is back. LAWN JUSTICE Part 4 with voicemails from "Shelly" herself
Neighbours want to pick a fight, we make them pick up litter
You thought you could ruin my school life I will ruin yours
Gimme dat ice cream!!!
I got Dirt on the mattress? Now you pay for it.
Not in such a hurry now!
Stole a shitty teachers books but she couldn't prove it
I am the Queen of passive aggressive inconvenience.
Petty revenge in typing class
It's the small things that build up...
Roommates playing loud music late at night? Log in to the parental control settings and lock him/her out of the internet
Waking the kids up cause you’re loud. Hope you like being frozen.
I’m sure this has been asked before, but I’m tired of scammers wasting my time
Dont be rude guys
Half Price Books fired 2000 people during pandemic
Steal My Cheetos, Enjoy Pain
I'm not the one who peed on my cellphone!
Tweedledum never shut up in class so I destroyed his sociology grade
"The plants did it!"
Microwave.
Waiter Revenge
Make my job harder? I'll make your job even harder asswipe.
I slept with his ex to spite him
Want to scratch my guitar? Better not break a string.
Small, but satisfying.
Five years later, karma hits the upholsterer who stole our deposit!
Bike up in the air.
You treat my mom like trash? Well guess what my new name is?
Don’t pay rent and utilities? Have fun with no toilet paper.
"Want to cheat off my exam? Sure, take a look."
Mom being too egocentric and interrupted my talk in front of the family. I told her something she didn't want everyone to hear about her.
Revenge on abusive driver, better check yourself.
Going to give insurance companies our number since you don't want them to have yours? Fine, we'll just do the same.
Inconveniencing a line cutter.
A friend spoiled Game of Thrones for me, so I built an app to spoil it for them right back
Couldn't find the salt ... won't have that problem again!
Revenge request? Sorry if not allowed.
Enjoy the presents.
Parking Attendant Revenge 3, Return of the...  Attendant... (I got nothing for the name...)
I've got some shitbag kids that hang outside my place, talking shit to who ever.
Steal My Food Ok, Have Fun Fixing your Chairs in the Morning
Enjoy setting your clock again
Dont want to control your brats? Ill call CPS
Lady doesn't pick up her dog's poop in my apartment complex, so I did it for her at 3am last night...
Kick me out of your site, I will make sure it looks I was never there.
My ethnicity is a game to you
Cut me off? Enjoy paying for a new tire!
Flatmate's continuous loud music
Mark me away? Okay then
Be a dick, eat a dick.
Won't punish kid for hitting me cause you didnt see it? Perfect
Co-Worker needed a bath anyway.
Crazy history teacher has a mailbox.
If my purse is a seat, then so are you.
Doggy revenge I
Take advantage of our services &amp; the post a bad review, fin enjoy the jewels getting sent to your inbox.
Who Framed Big Brother?
Wedding cakes revenge
Mess with my smash bros and loose your shiny pokemon
Don't clean our room on vacation? Enjoy the water bottles all over the room.
Karma is quick around here
Don't block my car in
Giving me attitude when I'm trying to do something nice!
My fun with a phone salesman
My housemate kept spoiling anime and TV shows so I gave her a taste of her own medicine.
Watch your awful dog for 10 days? Sure. I LOVE Scotch.
Steal my seat on the last class of the semester? Face my virulence.
Steal My Pizza? Ok.
Ignore me until you need me for something? Move by yourself.
Have fun failing!
Maybe don't road rage at the person interviewing you for a job?
Cheating ex gets what he deserves
“They’re not going to like that. They’ll think you’re impertinent.” “I *am* impertinent.”
Leave us for your mistress? Then i'm giving away a well guarded recipe.
My mom stole my toilet
Suicide and spit.
I got child support out of my ex-husband via Facebook
Little me was a savage
Revenge Is a Dish Best Served Hot: How My Mom Got Back at My Abusive Dad
Petty revenge is a deep dish best served cold
Discriminate against me because i'm a boy? Get ready to have that boy fuck you over
HELP!! Embarrassing card sent into school
First Class Ass
Does this story work for you guys? (x-post /r/movingday)
Waste my time? Enjoy your change.
Tag Team Cyclist revenge!
I only take so much sh*t. Even from my family.
Wanna honk at me? I'll return the courtesy.
Child Spams me, little does he know I turn his spam against him,
I silently farted in my uncles hotel room
If I can't sleep neither can you
Want me to pay for period products, fine. I will.
Unable to maintain friendships and intimate relationship at the same time? Fine, find a new super cool chair.
The ultimate revenge stealing prank...
Don't lock the door.Call me a liar drive don't get your feet wet
Don't make fun of the shy kids next time.
Best revenge: Don’t tell her anything
Epic online class revenge
How to get revenge on my ex?
Small but satisfying pettiness at Costco
All I asked was for an hour a day of not blasting fucking salsa music.
Fellow redditor tries to come to conclusions without evidence, corrected by me.
Dont Be an Attention Seeker
Black Paint lasts Forever
My aunt lied about my mother abusing me!
Landlord's Bloody Revenge on Previous Tenant
Never Trashtalk if you are shit
I spent an hour digging through a coworkers comment history, found one where he admitted he’s wrong and gave it gold.
My boob of a husband made me late, so I'm going to screw up his day
JJ makes Me get my card, He has to get his cardio.
Come in ten minutes before closing and make a mess on my freshly mopped floor? Have fun not getting your drinks refilled.
You steal my ear phones, you can’t charge your phone
Maybe Don't be a Prick to the Office Manager...
payback on horrible tow service
Blame my cat for another's bad behaviour, I'll put out the wrong bins on bin day
Gang of girls try to steal from my uncle, get taken away by local police.
Dragging shoes
Be rude, sit in piss
Your carmax, my dear.
Enjoy your food, twat!
https://icoholder.com/en/walkex-30922
Poking fun of your IT guy?
Sister tries to jumpscare visitors she gets surprised back.
Need some advice dealing with a neighbors barking dog
Stop messing with my computer
Girl I don't barely know doesn't get to check out a Gaming System
Coffee mug to piss off my ex-gf
Remote Control - Alt - Delete
Emotionally manipulate and abuse me? Say goodbye to your dream university
Petty revenge at work.
They say not to move in with friends..
Flavor of the week
Petty revenge and the Kit Kat
Wanna to play loud music all night long? no need to sleep then...
My Friend is Annoying with a routine Activity we have together (underwhelming)
Lord of the (dead) Flies.
Enjoy your "fresh" produce
School redneck tries to strangle my best friend and not get caught.
Crotchfruit is being a brat, I buy the last 3 cake pops, mombie as the audacity to ask me for oneDon't park in my spot daily and walk through my yard to the bus stop, lady.
Horrible Professor's Revenge May not be Petty Much Longer
Annoy the Heck out of me? Get Yelled at By the Teacher.
Okay, I’ll Mow Your Lawn...
The pettiest a dishwasher can be
I Faked Going to a Billie Eilish Concert to Get Back at a Friend Who Always Cancels on Me
Welfare fraud neighbor judges me for cannabis use. I quit my medicine so she can see what PTSD is really like.
Mall Parking Lot Revenge
Park in my driveway, then blatantly ignore me when I show up? Enjoy not sleeping tonight!
Forget to sign my hours? A few more for me.
Trump and the GOP want our data? Let them drown in it!
Has anyone used an SMS Bombing program?
Cut the line? Enjoy the telemarketers.
All the money in NY is from upstate
Had to get revenge for someone else.
Guess you're waiting
Won't let me have some peace after a long day at work, or when I'm sleeping... Or ever? Here's 6 hours of young people music, Grandma.
If I'm falling down, I'm taking you with me
My boss got a new job...
Won't walk 10 feet to put away your shopping cart? Prepare to be shamed.
I’m making a ham, too.
My WORST teacher ever
You wanna watch films loudly and shout at each other in the middle of the night? Hope you like death metal at 3am.
After being screamed at for landing on time i told a passenger to hurry to their connecting flight, even though I knew they would miss it
Remodeled my home to antagonize loud neighbor better
Bully me? Have fun buying a new phone
Friend gets greedy in a kids game
A plastic Jesus, a universal remote, your son and a scrapbook
My Dentist was an asshole.
College Group Project Woes.. revenged.
Monkey from the zoo gets a satisfying little revenge towards the kids who harassed him
Insist on parking in one of the only handicapped spots when you don't have a placard and I do...because "I don't really need it," and "it's always been your spot..." k...I know what to do.
MMORPG Revenge - In due time
My first road rage
The dean of the faculty thought I served my purpose and wanted to replace me. Universe had other ideas.
Demote me because i'm almost finished with school? good luck.
I don't have a supervisor lady.
Goof around and I'll get you in trouble without you knowing.
Too Many Baths
(repost) Pervs are banhammered off the internet.
Road trips &amp; those turtles in the Left lane!
Suprise me with work. I'll suprise you with its name.
Park your BMW like a prick? Well, two can play that game...
SPAM THIS NUMBER
Taunt me? Enjoy minty shoes.
Don't use my computer to like your own video
Don't steal my olive oil.
Got a doctors’ note for taking my wife for a check-up
SUV vs. bike
Need help with revenge ideas...
Severe allergic reaction?? Tough. You're not going home!
Don't try to control my love life or you'll pay for it.
You make fun of my question, I make fun of your email!
Drink all the booze all the time, please have another!
Snot your bathroom
My roommate keeps borrowing my mouse
Anything but a Hassle-free transaction...
I may be a dumbass, but you’re an even bigger dumbass.
Revenge on Car Theif
Assume the money is your tip? Let me correct you
"Break a leg, bug eyes."
Petty revenge fail (photo inside)
To the guy whose girlfriend is/was a librarian, you got off easy!
I sent shit in the mail to my shitty ex best friend
HELP ME GET REVENGE
But I'm not the parent (XXL)
Petty? Buy your own toilet paper next time
Hijack my spotify? Enjoy some irritating music!
i really hated my school (probs going to die in new)
My roommate leaves me notes to do chores. This makes him angry (x post from /r/funny)
no good morning?
Try to scam me? Watch some hardcore porn instead!
Post fake reviews to counterbalance my genuine review? War declared!
Putting my cousin in his place
Roommate is unwilling to confront me directly? Well, enjoy me doing the opposite of your wishes.
Don't take things from my shopping basket.
I got my ex-wife a new computer
Rabbit Meal Time Yummy
I NEED A HOME RUN IN THE BOTTOM OF THE NINTH
Hot enough for you sir?
Play me in corporate politics?
TL;DR security man annoys me for an entire year and I give him a taste of his own medicine
Chef yells at servers for not doing something, we do that thing to excess
Passive Aggressive revenge on a bitch from highschool
I have perfected the art of breaking up with my exe's so as to stay facebook friends with them and watch as they get progressively fatter.
Accepting suggestions for some legal vengeance....
The pettiest revenge
My cats revenge
You deprive me of sleep, I hide your precious work bag.
Cat food sandwiches
Bully gets publicly humiliated
Won't give me any room to sit on the train? Fine, I'll take advantage of your homophobia.
You bullied me at school... you want booze? Got ID?
Last chance, or I'll fix it myself.
Blow this crazy woman's phone up 24/7
Return to Sender
Stop emailing me after the third interview? Enjoy your new Facebook rating.
Didn't Hold the Elevator
"wash my cup" - you got it!
I AM the SAFEST DRIVER
Service with a smile for "karen"
Journeyman gets itchy
Karma Karma
Petty revenge on my math teacher, who gave me bad marks on all right answers for not explaining "why".
Shhh happens in the library.
You won't fix the door? I'll make sure your boss hears about this.
I got revenge on my sister and forgot about it until it happened :\
Life tip #384 - being rude to your server won't end well for your nose.
How guilty can I make you feel?
Excuse me? No, excuse you.
Get F*cked bin bag dumper
I helped Chad leave his phone behind on airport security.
I need help with some revenge
Take my pillow will you?
I am going 10 over, still tailgating me? Here, let me show you something..
The musical battle over the dry river
Thanks for ordering the “Stolen parking space” Combo! Would you like a side of revenged with that?
Roommate takes my stuff, but gets salty when I take his. So I get petty.
I was called a pussy for mentioning how bad my flu was.
You're going to block the driver's side door?
Sweet musical revenge
Taking Revenge on Rude Lady as a Customer
Nuke colleague's personal emails on office computer
Cheque? Check!
Ignore me? Say bye to your belongings.
Insult me on my birthday three months ago? No free food for you.
Please flood this number
On 2nd thought, no thanks.
You get rid of my things? I get rid of yours!
You think you know everything, have a slower computer. Fix it mister know it all.
A Special Cologne
Uncle bankrupts his previous employer
Bradley Adam Adair from Homer City, PA dubbed felon
Stop Looking at my Paper!
Almost hit me over a parking space? Enjoy being boxed in.
Well done Karen
I will fart in your general direction!
Directional Parking Lots Revisited
Help wanted! blog accuses my mom of manslaughter!
Goodbye to your D1 scholarship
Cross post from prorevenge
Steal my beauty products? You're in for a surprise
Got to help a friend with a property manager that previously tried to steal my security deposit
Fur coats don't belong on the floor
He thought he could get away with being a douche to everyone, not on my watch
Move my dorm sticker? Have fun finding yours!
META: Update Request: OP who threw dog poop on neighbor's roof
Don't Call Me Brutus
Geoffrey the giraffe and the HOA
Oh, so you keep killing me while minding my own business? I hope you have money to afford killing me.
Honk at me? Miss your light.
Made a Guy wait to use the restroom at a museum because he was an ass
Feel like stealing? Well, tit for tat.
Move my stuff without asking? Have a nice weekend
Beat me up? Let me get you kicked out of school?
My most petty revenge
Horrible relative buys a house in terrible neighbourhood - very fitting match, frankly
Ceramics class petty revenge.
Treat your coworker like garbage and slack off? I'll take the fun out of your game.My ex kicked me out...
petty revenge that backfired
U poop our hood? Ok u get poop
Middle school pride
Sorry. I lost it.
Petty Politics
sattire
got back at my sis
Want to be rude to me? Hope you enjoy your not as nicely shaped loaf of bread!
The day I came a hall monitor
Want to rat me out to my boss? Enjoy your ruined holiday!
Foul Language in a Family Restaurant
A girl in my class thought it would be funny to say she likes me and then reveal it was a dare from one of her friends, how do I get revenge?
My friend's brother was being really obnoxious.
Lie to me? Enjoy your oil.
I have an act of petty revenge in mind, but I’m having trouble deciding if I should go through with it.
Petty revenge at the pub
Take my Parents With Prams parking eh?
Punching a bully is satisfying...
I threw snow at the school bully- then this happened....
Excuse me, you left something behind!
Asshole Flatmate decides to air condition all of the outdoors
PoGo players (or otherwise) - Parking spaces, use them!
Be a bitch to one of my family members? Time to exact some petty revenge.
Guy doesn't realise how easy his job is, supervisor decides to make his job shitty
I told you no
Force me to work after clocking me out? I will just leave your work vehicles on the side of the road then.
I made this guy look like a chump.
Steal shit from my store, get a penny back.Be a bad pedestrian and shoot me some attitude? Maybe once.
Entitled Sister in law wants me to cheat on my wife with her. Gets what she deserves 😈😈😈😈
A joke due to political differences
Tutoring.
Petty couch spot revenge
My Friend's Tasty Revenge On Her Stepdad
Oh, you want to embarrass me in the whole class? Nah how about you get embarrassed.
Shook 'em like a red-headed step child
Jack around while I'm busting my ass? Have fun staying 20 minutes later.
How to get back at a tailgater
Mother-in-law shared her honest opinion of me. I hope she enjoys her relationship with her son and grandchildren.
No thanks for not calling!
Do you feel lucky?
Not as vengeful, but still petty
Ignore your promise? Lose my tasty love.
Petty Revenge on a horrible teacher.
Noxious Weeds Threaten Suburban Residents!
Say "eh same difference" to me, same to you!
Someone stole my phone so I bricked it.
A year off for me, a year off for you
Butter Fingers
If I'm going to have points taken off, they better be because of the work I did and not because my teammate finds my work unsatisfactory.
Sweet, incredibly petty, revenge!
How to hurt those who don't care about your feelings.
Guy bullies furry on discord roblox, gets banned instead.
Revenge on a bad neighbour who stole my ball: neighbourhood chronicles.
Don't be a dick to those that make your pizza!
r/MaliciousCompliance sent me this way with my story.
Held up a job opening for 8 weeks out of spite
Your persistent douchebaggery came back to bite you in the ass.
Don't let me help with your project? I guess I'll bleed all over it!
Free car wash!
Oh eat my cookies? Feel my wrath!
Truly petty at the checkout
Ok, wtf?! Every time I triple tap to change to night mode or back, iTunes opens with candy crush to download. What is going on?!
"What are you gonna do lady, call the cops?" YEP!
He had the perfect response
Have fun being alone on Father's Day
I got the girl that rejected me arrested for underage drinking
the sins of the father are to be laid upon the (kitten)
They be tripping
My ex cursed me for serving him like a doting mother would care for her child. My revenge is that I'll forgive him for not even apologising!
Want to be loud drunks in a hotel at 3am? I hope you like television at 8am
Used bible verses on my priest next door to get him to shut the church dog up...
LAME! I hate vote-bots. I hate cheaters.
Serve me tiny fries? enjoy your tiny revenge.
If you want to throw water on me I'll waste your food.
I'm not your assistant, buddy
Keep Me Awake, Find Your Old Makeup Yourself
You ask for money but you have money
Told former employer,I’ll come back to work.so I can get my last check
revenge against frat douche
If you're going to play with fire, don't wear flammable clothing.
Bombard this a-hole!
You asked for it.
My grandma was pretty badass.
The Sweet Taste of Revenge... And Oreos
My Slob of a Roommate
My friend's landlord was a dick
Next time, don't try to block me asshole
It was me.
Why lie just to get a free meal? How about me playing the same game as you?
I think somebody petty revenged my rude mother.
Too stupid to scam.
Should have changed the security questions.
Try talking over me now. How about now?
Clean up revenge in the gymWhat goes around comes around.
I made my awful roommate leave by playing pink guy
Prom dress revenge
Lock me out of my PSN account? Get your PlayStation broken and locked out of your phone
Petty revenge by proxy, involving prophylactics, a meat pie and a needle.
Snarky in Science
Want to make demands for immediate action? Whoopsie doodle!
Please just let us sleep!
Don't annoy your delivery guy!
If you're going to make the workplace hellish, I'll gladly contribute.
Getting my moneys worth
Schumer sends McConnell his letter back
I want *all* the muffins.
Don't want to share! Let me take back my WiFi
ABOUT 5 YEARS AGO, GIRL TRANSFERS FROM ANOTHER STORE.
Behave like a raging arsehole to people trying to help you? End up with an ugly bikini body.
Using your power and position to do wrong will get you nowhere...
I know a rapist.
Kill em with kindness
Don't park on the street? Okay . . .
Try and ruin my social life? Joke’s on you, I don’t have one to ruin.
My lunch is not important? Neither is your package.
Two revenges. Petty on both sides.
Teenagers at the movies get a taste of their own medicine.
Waste my time, you'll regret it
How i got revenge on the guy who assulted my mom.
Revenge On My Mom!!
Worst movers EVER
Guy wants to pull a fast one on me and merge before I do.
I'm considering becoming a manager at the workplace of somebody who doesn't like me and firing them
Laser tag revenge!
Complain in line behind me? I'll take my sweet time with my BOGOs
Don’t Park Like a Jerk
this guy won't believe the PARENTS about their daughters age
Blow smoke into my bus? Hope you weren't in a hurry.
Blasting music at 3AM? Mine's louder.
Ruin my Friday? Enjoy your weekend in the USA.
Wildly jealous about the time I spend on the computer? Try to reassemble it.
I may have inconvenienced a few people, but you get to call a locksmith.
Milkshake
Enjoy paying $300
Screw me over multiple times and expect me to help you? Think again.
You'll be late for class!
Don't Cat Call
Welcome To My World, Pushy Solar Sales Lady
The Locker Wars
Ignore me? SUFFER FOR YOUR SINS!
I'll teach you to honk at me.
Little thieving bitch
Inside Your Dog's Mind with Victoria Stilwell
Want to help me get petty revenge?
They were rude so I bought their lunch...
Theft and coupon fraud, I will slay you with fake kindness and throw away your coupons.
Didn't study? Not my fault.
My sister is more entertaining than NASCAR
Classmate with anger problems gets goaded into being expelled
My mother is a Tea Party member and asked for a "Don't Tread On Me" flag for Christmas.
Be unpleasant to the chef? Dinner is ALL food you won’t eat
It doesn't pay to be racist
Crazed stalker
I was not happy about getting a step-dad so I an ruined him. by doing almost nothing
Accidentally drinks some disgusting tea
Pearly whites.
How dare you tow my parents' car!
Grandpa Forced Me To Watch Golf
Made him write an 1000 word essay.
My Mother Dislocated My Knee Cap ON PURPOSE So I Got Her Back. She Still Doesn't Know What I Did
What happened when Subway refused to honor a $1 discount.
Complain about my parking, enjoy your walk.
Just what the “doctor” ordered
I don't know what I want because I'm a woman? Enjoy my second best coffee.
Don't misbehave unless you want Mr. G. to spank you
Think you know the rules better than me on a Role Playing game? Lets see about that....
Revenge several decades later
Cut me off as im trying to park? Have fun washing your car.Ebay seller gets rude.
Gas station jerk, toot toot.
Over dose of reality
Reddit, maybe you can do me a favour...
Keep on staring at me but I'm done talking to you.
Petty revenge on my ex-girlfriend
Anything you can do I can do 10x more intense
Officer, I found this yellow triangle by the side of my car
Team Kill my friend, have fun being team killed and grilled
Your GF uses my cups, no ramen for you!!
Let my brother's friends use my pc? Fuck you.
Car alarm keeps up the kids
You hate Millenials? Enjoy THAT in your bag.
Help me find a post
How to sign someone up for spam through their number
Popeye's Petty Prickery
Family being rude in foreign language with petty revenge
Fuck your quinoa.
Give me firey sinuses of doom? Enjoy your gross revenge.
Take my shower!
Mother Nature loves petty revenge too
The penny gumball machine
My revenge against a shitty WoW guild
Sell behind my sisters back, I will waste your time
This revenge comes from some years ago.
Childhood Christmas Revenge!!!
Hate those assholes who use their children as a placeholder for a parking space?
Mean coffeeshop owner gets what's coming for her.
Wanna be an a** (a s s) housemate? 2 can play that game.
Dick is a Dick.
Got my teacher fired for forcing me to attend PE
Don't bring your expensive crap to school if you're gonna bully
These are not magically delicious
just a test
Too lazy to fix your messed up parking!?!
Repeatedly try to overcharge my dinner? Enjoy your $1 tip.
Wanting advice on how to get revenge.
Start driving crazy? You get a bad ending.
Obey the stop sign sir!
You made me break slightly...
Insult my brother huh?
Flick a lit cigarette aside in mid summer will you?
You burn my dog, I burn you
People who get kicked out of ubers and leave the door openAnnoying neighbor!
Steal my Term Paper? It's alright, I have another
Don't take my seat.
Nmom made me rob some Catholics.
REQUEST: Signing people up for catalogs and email...
Run a stop sign, wait on your food
No more food for you!
Quick response shuts guy up
Blocking my driveway repeatedly? Say hello to 4 flat tires
Complain until you get special treatment?
The time I weaponised my upset stomach
Want to be the neighborhood police and make sure all cars are off the road during a snowstorm while you park yours across my driveway? Enjoy your 4am wakeup calls.
short but so sweeet...
Petty revenge with a dash of malicious compliance on awful manager
Nutella Thief Got What Was Coming
Fuck you and your white Camaro too!
Dear redditors of petty revenge, what is the best way to get back at my noisy neighbors?
Record me while I purposely drive the speed limit, I hope you're not in a rush
Chivalry is indeed dead.
Two for one petty revenge at the dollar store
If the shoe fits...
Nothing new, I'm sure, but now that I'm driving, I can identify
Smug housemate got what she deserved
It's the small things
Shouting Out in Class
Fat free for me.
I “threw a turkey” for victims of abuse.
Greasy keys
I'm sorry I annoyed you with my neighborliness.
Freelance Graphic Designer
When your petty revenge is actually the right thing to do.
The Poopening
Take my sleep, I take your candy
Step on my feet, have a hard time getting to where you need to go!
It would take 625+ tweets chained to represent American deaths to covid as 1 character per life lost.
was told I should post this here
Bad Customer Service? Game On!
I craigslisted my bad neighbors yard ornaments
Don't want to see my friends, you won't see yours.
Aah, now I can study in peace.
Don’t touch things that don’t belong to you!
Be a douche all week? Enjoy being lost in a place whose language you don't speak.
Sweet donut revenge
Gone with the "wind"
The time I played with a high school player
You want refills? You got it!
Here's some petty revenge for ya. This is a link that contains all of the personal info of the members of the Westboro Baptist Churuch. (Provided by the hacktivist group Anonymous.) You know what to do.
Getting busy? Not any more.
I smashed the bag of chips someone talked me into buying for them
No, you may not cut ahead of me
Subtle Sabotage
Leave your junk mail on the ground, pay the price.
Thoroughly Petty Revenge
Flatmate didn't want to upgrade our internet so I "cheated" to convince him of that.
My son is my life, try and take him? We'll see.
I thought of you r/pettyrevenge while I did it
Homies talk too much so I miss the read light.
I got bullied for 2 years until I got my petty revenge
Guy cuts in front of me; I use local knowledge to get back in front
Talk dirty, get dirty.
Oh, you wanted this book?
Failign your A-Grade
Ex-wife accused me of cheating, So I did
Who doesn’t love parking stories.
Restaurant behaves terribly, then suffer the consequences of their own actions
My Laundry Card
Regret being my friend? I won’t let you forget it
Try to mess up my report? Well get fired dumba**
Yeah, those are cameras on my car
Someone parked in my space(that I pay a monthly fee to use) and I had to park 2 blocks away from my building. What should I do to make sure this asshole doesn't try to pull this again?
Petty Revenge on my fiance's dog (nothing special)
Here, I got you some water
You didn't give it to me me actually...
Enjoy my dogs poo.
A little poem about petty revenge on my brother
Fuck With the Jukebox. Face the Consequences.
The current state of my roommate's petty revenge/ retalliation.
Try to do your laundry now
Enjoy reading
Personalized against regifting
Honk at me as soon as the light turns green? I'll be kind to others instead.
Abuse me, become blind.
you're late for your reservation? no pretty teapots for you.
yeah, okay, i'll take out the trash.
Chocolate milk from above
So you wanna write your name on office property to claim it as your own?
He Played Himself
So. You're allergic, you say?
How the life’s of my crackhead neighbours got ruined.
I thought you knew what you were doing?
Requesting ideas for petty revenge against a shitty neighbor.
Dropping my sister off at the wrong house.
The forum moderator shot herself in the foot by over reacting.
You're high and you want a sandwich with everything on it? Alright then...
Ran off with that Amazon box i placed outside my door?
Block me on Facebook? There goes your opportunity to see your grandchild
My roommates boyfriend is a cheater
Grocery store deli passive aggressive revenge.
Fine, I’ll get your damn chips.
Service Dog Melt Down
SOOOOOO mature
Lunatic driver can SMD.
I like to hack accounts
Always clean up after yourself.
Asshole boss loses out on some money
I Stuck it to a Face Camper on Dead by Daylight
Bad neighbor (very long)
New hire thinks he can give me orders at work?
I just want to know first
Ruin my textbooks? I'll literally eat your lunch. (now with a x2 revenge bonus!!)
Petty revenge on my own kid
friend rats me out I give him a taste of his own medicine
Not cool bra
I killed it
Accidental petty revenge. More like karma?
IT departments revenge
You've been Bumbled.
The Reason My Family Doesn’t Eat Meat on Christmas
No points for you
Wanna be lazy? S*no*w problem I'll give you the *cold* shoulder
Wrecker driver makes would be thief walk the plank.
Hope you enjoy your Ice Cream Sundae ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
No desert for you don't mean no desert for me
Private Property means PRIVATE PROPERTY!
"I've got food for me and the kids."
Don't want to clean? Your missing sock stays missing
The Customer Isn't Always Right, but I am
Have fun being late.
Someone Spam This asshole
It takes two seconds.
Oh you want to follow me into the bathroom? You’re trapped now.
Your company is nothing more than a phishing scam? Well I'm bored enough to screw with you on a Saturday morning.
Endless Waiting
Revenge on a prefect
“Sorry I can’t guarantee I’m going to be there...”
Two can play at that game...
Chip-petty
My asshole of a little brother finally got what was coming for him.
You're going to be a bad roommate? Fine. I'll steal your M&amp;M's.
Leave Your Cardboard for ME to bale, Enjoy getting reprimanded
So the GM that replaced me at my previous restaurant decided it would be...
Cut my mom off? Get some birds and a roast!
Public transit revenge.
Don't park in my brother in law's spot.
Hope it's an arrest warrant
I hope your gynecologist appointment goes well!
I stood up a guy on Tinder who ghosted me a few years ago
That attitude is gonna cost you
“Friends don’t do that to each other” “ you’re right, they don’t”
Bad Manners on a Flight? Prepare to spend the next 6 hours in discomfort.
Dealer's Choice
Petty revenge on EXTREMELY rude Ebay seller. (Xpost r/bestof)
Petty Ambulance Revenge
Story of the bottle
Take advantage of our time and car? I'll buy the most expensive food then
Have our house marked as vacant? I'll make sure you get to pay that rent you skipped out on
Help me
You aren’t failing me this time
Hit me with the tennis ball, have fun retrieving it back!
Steal my parking spot? I’ll steal your P plates!
We don't want this either
I ‘damaged’ a car after they backed into my Jeep.
Reaping what you sow... with lasers!
Don't steal
What do you mean I can't throw my garbage in the garbage can you placed on public property?
I became a moderator on a subreddit... then removed all of the other moderators and took over.
I planned this revenge 11 days in advance. Fuck you, Matt.
'Broken' Projector payback
Don’t be a jerk to the people who make sure you get paid.
Tired of picking up your shit.
Why do people insist on parking so close to another vehicle in a parking lot that has plenty of open spaces?
Shh, this is a quiet train car!
Blame me for nothing? I'll do your job last.
EX BESTFRIEND/ LOVER
Take that telemarketing scammers
Friend borrows money and won't pay me back? I'll run up your bar tab
Tailgate me? Hope you like cleaning your windshield!
Starbucks Drive Thru Circus
Want to make me throw away my trash all the time? I hope you get kicked out
Don’t pay me for months? Enjoy unburying your car.
Petty against a telemarketer
Rude to me at my call center job?
Your feet smell like ass
Dad doublelocking my bike
If someone could PLEASE....
Being rude to your flight attendant is a bad idea
Tailgate in the rain? Prepare for the speed limit!
Tip the pizza guy
Received Petty Revenge from Bus Driver
Roommate attacks me, I essentially send him to the ice age
Register with your PayPal account to win a gift card and 3$ for free, get ready to win with us only 100 people can win.
My story of revenge in the pettiest way possible. Never call me fat.
Kids will be kids...will be assholes...will get locked out of their own home
Tow Truck Payback
A few bottles of water
Talk shit about me? Enjoy being tormented with the thought that I know about it
Ruin me in school and make my life worse? I will try to get you expelled (semi-fail)
I was the first to thoroughly expose a "Masked" asshole
What is the “sweetest” revenge you’ve ever taken?
Dogs kept shitting in my yard
Suggestions for petty revenge?
Revenge on fly
Art class limitations broken
2 Scoops UPDATE: Spicing Things Up!
Kid in school who kept knocking my pencil off my desk
How you like them apples?
Getting Revenge on a Klepto
Have fun with your broken Juul!
Students mocking a professor in a wheel chair lose their only free absence and the chance to review before the test
Does it taste like Mountain Dew? NO! It taste like salty revenge.
You tried to scam me, I'll now cost you money.
Ass-cream cheese
Connected to the speaker to the neighbors above me who always blast music
Constantly Egged - Help
Hat Services
I put a dent in a overly flirty customers pride
Dont take me for a walk ill pee
Revenge never tasted so good...literally
When you’re brother acts like a creeper, sometimes you just rely on the books
Let your dog poop along our street? Get poop on your shoes.
Cheat on me while engaged? I'll exploit your phobias.
Lazy nurse fired after hours without treatment in ER
Make me waste my time will you!
Look mom i got here earlyI GOT THIS TEACHER FIRED LOL.
Buying a(nother) Car
I paid for a 90 minute massage and I will get all 90 of those minutes, thank you very much.
Insult the guy that made most of the foundation for a server during the development stage? You lose it all and it all comes tumbling down.
Make me a third wheel, I'll make you a fanfic
Your pathetic lies do not go unnoticed
My classmate always gets me late to class, so I made her miss the whole class
Asking for Opinions on New JobRuin my birthday with an unwanted gift? Well let me pay you back, sort of 😁
Catfish With a Side of Vengeance
I know you've been stealing my ice cubes.
When life gives you lemons, you play the cats soundtrack...
How to get petty revenge on other redditors?
Your rush is not my problem
Petty bathroom revenge against women.
Flirt with my ex?
I mixed drugs in my grandmother's medicine for trying to ruin my sex life
The pencil revenge pt.3
Got revenge against my sisters coworker
Cigarette Butt Litterer Owned By Hippie Chick
Be rude on the road, be ready to reap what you sow.
Leave my facebook page alone!
Service Desk Technician Pettyness
You think you're the only one who can pathetically lie?
I griefed a minecraft server...
#5's memory erased
Accidental is the best kind
You Won’t Let Me Use The Bathroom?
A member of the cult that ruined my family tried to recruit me - bad mistake.
Being consistently loud? Here's a reminder for you to shut up.
Want to threaten my job? i’ll make yours harder.
Don't want an air freshener?
Tip you're under driver.
My brother took away access to my computer/pone charger, so I took away his internet access.
Should have listened
Thrift shop learns a lesson
Do me a solid real quick yall
How I Wasted A Woman's 50$
Lazy while I'm working? I'll make sure you have to work just a little more..
My girlfriend annoyed me today...
Try to scam me? I'll clog up your phone lines.
The war of the cup.
Fake accusations? The truth is out!
I stood up my ex after he trashed me to all my friends
Justice for neighbor brat. :)
Be annoying, Miss the "prize"
Want to be an asshole pizza delivery girl? Okay then!
And Now Your Internet Works Every Other Hour
Don't fuck with a chairwoman, idiots.
Defame me in front of my coworkers and patrons? Enjoy your bills!
Dealership application asks job candidates to come in person and ask for 2 different people, to receive the “Next step”. I arrive, and I’m told “appointments only!”
They stole my package so I organized a gay orgy at their house
Offended by politeness? Open your own doors.
Won't wash your hands? Enjoy my ballsweat
Random Stranger Petty Revenge
Injure my friend and be rude to the waiter? Enjoy the fight with your boyfriend and that salsa stain on your dress.
The smelliest bonfire.
Landlord kept showing out apartment on super short notice, turns out it's illegal.
Make work ergonomically unfriendly? Fine, carry that heavy load yourself, puny man.
Demanding classmate? Don't mind if I mildly inconvenience you.
Don't mess with a woman engineer!
Stop stealing my chewing gum!
Who knew that the music of Philip Glass could be so effective?
Don't be rude to a complete stranger...
Home intruder got whats coming
Don’t screw over the computer repair woman
Poop will smell up a room in minutes.
Kid keeps stealing my things and I make him fail a very important test
Question on revenging my neighbor
Don't cook dinner at 5am
A Revenge That Was 9 Years In The Making.
Cellphone revenge needed
Won’t fix our sink? We won’t pay you rent
You don't joke with Petty Santa
Always be nice to the bus driver
Trashy rednecks spend themselves into the poor house through their own stupidity
No respect for the basement neighbors? Enjoy your forced quiet time.
Stop stealing my paper
Passive aggressive
This kid called me gay so I fucked his girlfriend.
T’is but a natural thing
My Nintendo Switch now
My friend kept pranking his university flatmate, this was posted on his wall today...
A bit of sisterly petty revenge
Don’t do your share of the work? Get humiliated in front of recitation.
Splashing pot smokers at the beach
Chip shop revenge
Modern problems require modern solutions
Last minute customers got shamed in front of everyone
Happy Birthday to Me!
Fool me thrice, It won't be nice.
Another Elevator Story
Guy ruins my small Minecraft server for $20
Taking advantage of a jerk's anger issues.
Tram Antics.
Don't like my team? Fine.
Racist Hungarian kid talks trash in TF2,gets his&amp;his friend's cheeks clapped.
Do Not Text and Drive
Don’t tell me my friend has no future.
Hope you didn't need that mirror
My "I Told You So" to the Department of Defense.
Talk shit, get fucked.
list of a few petty/passive aggressive revenges i've had over the years.
Is this too far?
Don't touch my chips!
Jeopardize my sobriety. I'll jeopardize your contracts.
Ruin my concert experience? Alrighty then.
Hello, I would like to make a complaint.
Purell Revenge
My dad and a fuel thief
Revenge on My Brother and I Didn't Have to Do Anything. TL;DR brother calls cops on me, gets his butt chewed by police, and then has to deal with mom.
Whole school gets petty
Learn to play, dumbass.
Ignore me as your own petty revenge? Alright, I'll ignore your guests
All My Indifference are Belong to You.
I made my school bully pissed herself
Housemate is inconsiderate and aggresive, gets cockblocked by landlord.
Operation "Out Bitch the Bitch"- a Prom Story
When you assume, you make an ass out of U and...No, just you.
I need you all to jump in with me
So my brother likes to act tough on the internet.
Revenge is a dish best served steaming
Leave your dishes in the sink again? I think not.
Dog poop's Biodegradable huh?
Throw your credit card at me? Better be able to catch yourself...
Slippery grass always hinders a getaway.
Tormenting OCD
Green Bean Revenge
Revenge on pedophile boyfriend
Someone attempted to give me food poisoning, but I had the last laugh.
So, I should trust an online stranger more than my bf?
Don't be rude to the waiter, or you will get a clumsy meal
An outhouse revenge story
Steal our gas I'll break your car
My parking spot, always
Candy bandits
Hoohoo, I like this one
I hate group projects
That's a lot of straws...
Just let me finish unloading my shopping cart, lady.
You stole my present, so I'll kick you out
Sure let me pencil you in!
VIP no more
In the Red
Dr Oz catfish gets spammed
Found out a bad employee is quitting tomorrow without notice. How can I have fun with this?Slam your money down instead of hand it to me? Enjoy your change.
Teacher gets mad at me for drinking water so I got some petty revenge
There are so many people complaining about how bs auto correct is, haven't they ever considered turning auto correct off?
You say you're going to kick my ass. Lets see.
Advice needed:stinky microwave
Karma Thief
Call me at 11:00PM and call be a bitch for answering? Enjoy the wakeup call.
I'll probably get downvoted for this...
Enjoy your flight, asshole
I hope they get in before they notice.
I failed my cheaters test
Stick your foot in my mouth, you can wait as long as I feel is necessary.
Sending the lift down slowly
The long story of how a Wal-Mart manager cock blocked himself when I applied on my old job after he pushed me away.
My "friend" told me it was my fault my boyfriend cheated on me; I laced her "apology" cookies!
I revenged on my mom after I saw her in an amateur porno
Looking for revenge ideas for a dentist that screwed me...
Think you can cheat on me? Enjoy your cup of tea.
What wrong with the Xbox?
Husband's a drunk mess
Parking Lot Revenge
Should’ve put your feet down!
You want militaristic Disney that is what you get.
Revenge on LOUD neighbors with LOUDER dog
The pettiest revenge in real estate
I'll give you something to complain about.
Somethingsomethingsomething? BobloblawBobloblaw!
Star Child
I nearly beat my bully to death in 8th grade. I’m not sorry at all.
Steal my towel everytime I leave it in the bathroom? Great, I’ll just use yours then.
Sister hates cats. She also hates me now.
Destroye her "account"
Change my music? You'll learn to enjoy it.
Take that, lady!
If people are rude to me when ordering drinks at the poker lounge. I put make them with 30% water for my sweet sweet revenge.
Don't eat our food
Exposed My Toxic Ex Friend As A Cheater
How I took the high road against a em
Cutting in line? Karma will get you without me lifting a finger.
Already know how to hold a kitten? No kitten for you then.
Animal Abuse eh watch me take your life away
My partner Ron Swansoned my sister's new boyfriend
Lost My Job &amp; Found Myself
The Warden
I pretend clap when bad co-workers are being acknowledged.
Feel the wrath of my 'penile-ty'
A fond farewell to an unpleasant neighbor
You promised it, you deliver it!
You called me fat? Wait 30 minutes for your chicken
I stole a pen from my mom's CEO.
A victim of the ps4-box trick takes his vengeance.
Slimeball reporter endangers cops, soggy revenge ensues.
Cold call
Don't need my advice? OK, I won't GIVE you my advice.
Much grass was harmed in the making of this revenge.
Beep beep beep
Scorned Lover Uses Spotify for Petty Revenge
If no one else teaches him respect, then I will.
You over stayed your welcome.
Friend calls me at 4am so I gave his number to random people
Phone charger revenge.
One coworker's trash is another's revenge.
Oh no, the floor is dirty.
Up in the Closet
Mom gets Mcdowanalds for my brother without me when I was 8, I make her feel bad
Stop taking my stuff or you WILL regret it.
Shut the door on me? Have a taste of your own medicine.
Assistance please.
Bully Friend gets what she deserved
Drive like an asshole? Get pulled over!
How not to win cash and prizes
Wanna tea bag me? That's fine. Just remember the golden rule!
Break up with crazy? You're in for a fall.
Saw this on a friends Facebook...I thought it was worthy
Park a truck in my driveway and refuse to move?
Try to bully me and I'll accidently break your leg
Be a dick to my hubby will you? NO CAKE FO YOU
I'm lactose intolerant and my brother tricked me into drinking milk, so I gave him a taste of his own medicine
Deer help me get my revenge. Or, the perks of being a farm girl.
Because it's all about "the experience"
Bullying and you end up in tears
Revenge on an incredibly rude customer Christmas shopping, petty style.
Be Rude, Call A Tow Truck
Petty revenge on nightmare housemate and her mother
Teacher says that the fact that i forget stuff comes from my mom. Welp, too bad for him !
wake me up to try to sell me some crap, then insult me? you're in for a shocker
Steal my fabric scissors, you lose your rights to every scissor in this house!
Try and drink and drive now, jerk!
Oh you want a refund?
Taking up too much space.
Serial Cheater Picked the Wrong Geek
Petty revenge with alimony
Country Brochures Revenge
Sorry, Nothing I Can Do -- Petty IT Revenge
You took the last cupcake? I'm going to get your hopes up and then crush them.
The stolen ID
Give me your expert petty advice!
You cheated on me with multiple girls ? You're about to spend bucks on clothes.
Customer learns that employees can play his game, too
Sweet, Sweet, Vindication...(or the Ballad of Skeletor)
Fuck pushy mall salespeople
How to get revenge on roommate?
Not on my Windshield!
Weak Petty Revenge become Worth It Petty Revenge
If you are an internet/social media/web application know it all, make sure to register your domain.
Mock, tease, and make me feel like shit, enjoy your brakes in a teachers office
Revenge on a lazy student.
Shower loogies no more!
my car isn't empty
Goodbye mother, and no friend requests, phone calls or rent either.
Tailgate me on the highway? Enjoy your pothole sir!
Damn Bugs
No coffee
Kid punches kid for pinching a girls but
Decided they didn't want to cater our work party
Burrito Bowl Revenge
Dont Make Fun of the Way my Girlfriend Eats
Did you just spoil GoT?
I ordered pay per view to a kid's house and he got his ass whooped
Disgruntled Employee
Enjoy your change!
Osu Petty revenge
Crazy neighbour gets arrested and family has to leave the area
Pro-level messing with crazy annoying roommate
Revenge on an ass
In a hurry? Sure, I'll take my time
Don't tell me how to do my job.
This Car Makes Wide Right Turns
Use hacks to kill me through walls in Rust? Hope you enjoy your personal information and facebook link posted in the game chat.
I am Crumbing.
Revenge on my neighbors
testy test
Personal Buffet Space
My first Reddit post, of course it's about farts
Curry House Double Charged Me
I stole my bully’s girlfriend (kind of)
The cutter gets cut.
Don’t mess with the cat ears
Need advice: Neighbour who constantly complains
Ideas for petty revenge against housemate
Jerk coworker is rude to an old lady because he wants to leave early.... I make him stay late.
Fuck up our marriage, I destroyed your new relationship.
Dormmate decides to be an asshole, gets scared shitless.
Unintentional but glorious revenge on a little man in his big red pickup
Keep me up, will you?
Booby trap the door? Eat a shit sandwich!
Gay people. We are going to take back our rainbow.
Accomplice to fast food revenge.
When I found a finger nail in my pint glass...
How Would You Handle A Landlord Who Refuses To Clean Up Mold That Is Poisoning Us &amp; Has Been A Nightmare Since Moving In Together WIth My Partner
Charge me overdraft fees? I’ll make sure you’re paying unnecessary charges for a decade
Judge my intentions by my appearance? Good luck with the body shop
Laxative brownies
It's registered for you and you only.
Inconsiderate hotel guests earned themselves an awful morning
Threaten your kid with violence? See if I tell you your undies are showing...
Co-worker insulted me and my husband, so I couldn't just let that go.
The Story of a Controlling Owner
Call Code Enforcement on my Dad sure, just make sure you have no violations either.
Not my job
Having a little fun with a shitty coworker
Sorry dude... this is not 's number... you've been stiffed.
Christian pays more for food after condemning me to hell for my tattoo
I will make any design you all want specially for r/pettyrevenge T Shirt
Billy Connolly Joke Theft
Ok drunk guy,
Not a revenge story, but I nominated this subreddit for best new community, please vote.
Roommate won't flush the toilet. No one knows why.
Very petty (and minor) revenge
Girl gave her man a handy in the back of a shuttle ride, I gave him a shrimp dick.
Housemate being a total bitch
One of my roommates keeps stealing all my stuff, so I put Nair in my shampoo.
Take two parking spots in a completely full lot and get away with it? Not on my watch.
Charge me Extra? Guess you forgot that Time is money too.
Noisy flatmates sorted thanks to technology
Serves them right for shining a laser pointer into my apartment....
I mispronounce names on purpose to piss off annoying customers. (tl;dr at the bottom)
Screw with my overtime? Lose a tech.
Your pizza was delicious!
Don't steal a betrayed 15 year old's baked goods.
Yeah i know I’m petty
You don't want me to open the door for you? Then do it yourself.
I blast music down the mic because some guys refused to turn his off.
Don’t push your way into the bus!
Loud and rude to fellow customers? You don't get to use the ATM.
Don't mess with a tired graduate student
No, that's my dog's ball . . .
MCR Helena revenge.
Tell me not to bring up how unoriginal your idea is? Fine. I'll bring it up in a public forum!
Give Me A Condom? I’ll Pay It Back!
Refuse to pay me? Check your next electricity bill.
Fear.
Yeah I see your ugly foot on the seat, bitch
If I'd been braver and had more time....
Roommate kicked me out...
Bring alcohol to school? I think not
We can't all be polite, folks.
Update: Won't clean up ever? Then I'll stop.
Cut me in line? Enjoy My company for the next 2 1/2 hours
Shady leasing company trying to steal our deposit.
As a mother...
A hooker stole my mom's iphone...
I once stole the month of May from a co-worker’s calendar...
Venmo
Wireless company tricks me with fine-print? Well, have fun chasing me and my debt for years...
Shitty roommate gets sick? Must be the dorm food.
You're too heavy to crowd surf!
Want to help in my petty revenge? Text this idiot! (425-563-5745)
How can I find out which neighbor kept my fedex package for petty revenge?
Abuse me and my kids? Enjoy brushing your teeth with a dash of toilet water and shit.
Cut me off in traffic? Enjoy the splash of coke on your newly washed car.
Now everyone will know you're the ugly duckling
10 years later...
An ex-boss had it coming
Enjoy being distracted through the whole movie.
No promised hamper? BOMBARDMENT!
McPetty
scanned random stuff on checkout line cutter
petty revenge against an ex
You'll have to call for toner sooner now.
Kid trying to kill harmless snake gets a death wish
My friend got some revenge on a bully
Silent Revenge
An employee walked out on me and I later had him escorted from the store's property
Treat me poorly? I'll throw out your food.
Don't pester me, cat, or you won't like the results.
Inconsiderate brother(MIGHT) get/s what he deserves.
House buyers demanded they have all our furniture for FREE AND do 10K in renovations? Guess they'll have to learn a lesson about entitlement...
My dad stands up to his horrible boss
The Pen is Mightier Than the Sword
Grandpa's revenge: Why doesn’t my Chevy Nova get 30 MPG anymore?!
Con Me Out Of My Money? Okay, Fail your Final Exam
So you're gonna mock me, huh? Have fun walking home in the rain!
A little revenge fun for your Friday
Steal my space? Have fun in the morning..
The stereo was working fine just this morning...
How I lived out a revenge fantasy without even planning it.
Housemate pissing in my jug
Revenge-ish on POS dog stealer.
You want my birthday cake? Have it all.
Don't want to move your grocery cart? I hope you like falling in line again.
Bring a plunger and 2 gallons of bleach
Manager's girlfriend is a bitch.
Bully called out for lack of knowledge by teacher.
Shitty Roommate
"That's a you problem" oh yeah? You can listen to me moan for the rest of class.
I fed my parents dog food
Don't want to do your job? Enjoy hauling my new couch all by yourself.
Oh so you disliked my YT videos?
How Mom Exposed Grandparents' Shit Talking
My siblings petty revenge
Crazy ex-boss tries to ruin my new job, backfires on her.
Kinda more malicious revenge, really
Blatantly lie to my face? Sure, I'll make you uncomfortable.
The sound of sweet, sweet revenge.
Brazilian Bus Bitches
Tales from a Disneyland Cast Member Ep. 1
Hello, I have a few questions on some petty and somewhat revengful thoughts
You act like an ass and I will spit into your drink and make you sick
Got Written up at work, So worth It
Petty cashier revenges!
Super Extreme Happy Frightfest 2000
The Dungy Detective
Well thats too bad
Let your child scream? I can scream louder
Party hard or go home loser
The best $1.25 I have ever spent
Girls know how to hit em where it hurts.
Revenge is a beverage from a region in France
A just revenge for cheating in War
Don't piss off your landscaper...
Instant karma!
Kindergarten revenge.
High school geography teacher gets her petty revenge
Tailgater gets his. Then gives me mine.
Oh you have to pee? Maybe you should use your bathroom.
Angry Kyle on the road
Entitled aunt and uncle mock my mom, I delete everything from their computer
NO MORE SAYING “GAY” -My dad
Dr. Strange-ex or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Upper-Decker
So, I have an Obamaphone. I get lots of weirdo pimp calls in the middle of the night.
Email Spam - Alternatives to Mailbait
Recycling lady, prepare to be mildly inconvenienced.
I'm a monster
Someone kept stealing my lunch, so I started putting hot sauce in my lunch. Then they reported me to H.R.
Want to order a burger from my house? sure thing lady.
Got bullied out of a rental house by 5 roommates. They seemed to forget I that own most of the shared appliances.
They made me do two jobs
Park like an asshole? Enjoy the car wash
Taco Bell got me good.
Take the car I helped pay for? Meet your new wife's best friend.
Some petty x-mas revenge
They aren't going to do that again
Steal My XBOX Controller I LEAK Your Xbox Info
Spend $400 Right at Close? You can wait awhile...
Give me lice- good luck with your new random roommate
Takeaway revenge
Advice
Dont cut in line
Our friend got butthurt because someone accidentally moved him in Discord
Avenging My Wrongs
My Petty Revenge On Behalf of My Friend
Junk mail junkie.
You should be more careful with things you steal.
I have a great memory.
Petty home revenge
No brownies for you.
Can't find the right chips for the coupon?
Instant man-made karma
birthday girl lies to me, i retaliate at a karen level
Evil elementary school girl
My classmate were bothering my classroom, so i turned off his pc
Steal $5? I'm going to cost you a whole lot more than that.
Oh, that hole was too small? Have a smaller one.
the koala bear
Douchey asshat
Petty Revenge at the Gas Pump
Swerving to keep ahead of me? Mkay, have fun at the light.
Someone killed me in minecraft so i killed them back
My keyboard is louder than yours
Someone doesn't know how the jukebox works
Karate Revenge
Act like a raging bitch? I'll kill you with kindness.
What a generous donation!
I Stole the Whole Box
Cheater gets what he deserves
Guy buys my Jeep Wrangler, doesn’t want to transfer title and tags. Ends up getting screwed.
Need to be petty over fax
Painty shirt
Parking space revenge
You and Jesus make a nice couple, but you're going to have a vegetarian meal tonight.
Keep Me Up Night after Night? Let me PRINT MY PAPER!
Eat my food, I'll spike my brownies.
Enjoy my scent
Annoy the fuck out of me? Enjoy cleaning your white shoes years later
My nephew got the school principal in trouble!
Any suggestions? Plagiarizing coworker needs a dose of /r/pettyrevenge.
Neighbours neglect dog on the balcony, disrupting my sleep, I introduce them to madness.
How i made a guy who bullied me change class.
I'll just take my full break this time.
Never flip off a minivan.
Yell at me for trying to be courteous, enjoy the sound of my engine
Cut me off and swear at me? You'll get u lock justice.
Scummy Craglist seller didn't show up to our meetup and ghosted me. Wasted my time and made me drive for nothing. So the next day, I used a fake burner email, pretended to be an interested buyer, and tricked them into driving to the other side of town to where I didn't show up.
Life Fail
Try to go straight in the left turn only lane revenge.
The headache was worth it
One of my childhood petty revenges: The Timeout Corner
Dude parked like an idiot
If you shorten my lunch break, I will ruin yours.
Really petty revenge
You want to not help clean up? Well, have fun being late for your next class.
Laundromat Revenge
On the receiving end of petty revenge from a parent.
DMV pettiness
Lady constantly asks my mom for cigarettes... gets revenge on her immediately... ( I don't know if this goes on here)
Loud crackhead neighbour gets to listen to lil Troy on repeat for a long weekend
Sweet revenge on my gf's bestie
Don't take away my coffee... I get tetchy.
I don’t really want revenge. I just want to know what he hiding.
Petty revenge(s) against line-cutting idiots
football game leads to speech about balls (the ones you play football with)
My ex left her email logged in..
I think this punishment fits the crime.
Petty Revenge on Entitled Intrusctor
We can now only listen to two radio stations at work. It's Christmas in July.
You wanna yell at me for doing something I am allowed to do? prepare to freeze!
Unnecessary Honker Gets What's Coming
Want to tailgate me and use your bright lights? That’s fine.
Want to be a dick boss? Fine! Enjoy spending 3 hours fixing the ice cream machine alone, while we waste your time counting only ones.
The chicken is aint free, but my Revenge is
A little revenge on one of my coworkers
No early holiday for you
Little girl, big surprise.
If you act like an asshole in front of the fry-guy you're gonna get crap
Sometimes if I see a car with a trump sticker I report them as dangerous drivers
Good one for the lab rats
You want to cut me off and take my spot? Ok you can wait then
So much trouble over a simple ditch.
Cashier revenge.
My roommate always tries to catch me masterbating.Coworker continues to be insufferable and I've found my revenge.
Update 2: Neighbor trespassed and was biten...crap has gone off the rails!! Pitchforks! Fences!! Lawyers! Oh my!
That time I wrote an assignment for the whole class.
A really small win.
Move Bitches
Truck driver revenge
May have hindered the seasonal sales of an asshole's farm. Oh well.
Annoying cheese guy at the deli
Housemate’s lack of concern. Advice sought.
was instructed to post this short story of mine here a while ago, hope you all enjoy!
I can't spell your name either
Owner threatens lawyer so I shut his business down.
Most Annoying Spam Email?
Descriptions are ok as long as they're true? K.
I can be louder
Wait for the glue to dry.
Have fun with your birthday present, buddy!
Enjoy my germs.Flying glass revenge
Hope you weren't looking forward to your yearbook
My Ex tries being wierd with me so I come back just a little weirder.
Evil apartment manager? Okay - here's your money!
Family dies and my job is on the line? OK then.
Roommate didn't renovated the apartment contract and warned us last minute
My 19th birthday becomes someone petty revenge.
Request: need ideas to get back at Bitch sister who photoshopped me to look fat AF
Poop stain revenge of the rivalling sisters
My father's wifi password is an abbreviation for "I am a stupid asshole"
Nursing Home Pettiness
Is there a r/ where I can tell a story where the person behind the counter was my savior for the help they gave me?
no shots for you
Your a pro? THEN PROVE IT
Hope you enjoyed my lunch :)
Post Office does not like soggy packages. Nor do I.
You piss puck me? I skunk puck you.
I finally got my revenge on my leader
Making a penny count.
My ex-husband is a bigger idiot than I could've ever hope for.
Annoying stepmom and brat get what they deserve
Girlfriend's ex-lover steals gf from me; I plant seeds of doubt &amp; infidelity in their relationship
as petty as i can possibly be - a school bus revenge
Wondering if I should have said something to this mom.
Sheriff...Mr. Porky
"Handicapped" Driver
The sommelier that thought he could be a connoisseur.
Guy steals from me and gets caught on camera
Bro, keep your hands off my patties or I'll spray you with water
Excuse yourself next time.
Dont treat me with respect? Ill deny your trade in.
Problem Neighbors: its a long one!
I put Tabasco sauce on my cheating ex’s asshole
Fine. Have your yoga mats.
Honking Revenge
Do you remember the movie "Mallrats"?
Grocery shopping during peak times is bad enough...
The Running of the Bulls or Why Middle Age Middle Class Women suck (x-post for r/TalesFromRetail)
Play loud games? Curse you
You want the ACTUAL PRICE? Let me get it for you :)
Make me cry? I'll make you listen to quality music!
Ever had a terrible coworker that you wanted to get revenge on. This is a tale of such retribution.
Maybe you should've waited for the light
Not sure why you’re mad, I didn’t TOUCH the jukebox like you said...
Popular, Entitled Schoolmate Steals My Graphic Novel, Winds Up Expelled
Manipulate me into changing your colostomy bag? Have the worst sandwich of your life.
You want to keep clipping my heels while I'm shopping? You get a face full of stinky ass crack.
An Ode to a Bitch
You made the mad science guy mad
A cupcake runny masterpiece.
Shove your way to a busy bar, good luck getting a drink
You don't like me not calling icings. have fun with that.
My brother left the bathroom covered in pubes after he shaved and I had to clean it before showering
Revenge on a sister, good luck sleeping...
You are going to ghost me after I wasted months on you? Okay fine, I'll go date your little brother.
Kill me 20 times I get rid of 3 hours of work on Minecraft
Samsung had to pay Apple a $1 billion fine. They paid in coins.
You're Dark and You're Cold
Make my plane ride less comfortable?
Thanks for passing me, asshole. Enjoy the toll bridge.
I was a victim of petty revenge... Here is the story.
Rude Lady Makes Comment about Best Friend, get "dominated."
Make up the rules? Enjoy getting demoted.
Unintended Revenge at the Supermarket line
Ex Revenge
She can't shower...
Keep on poking me? I'll staple your papers together.
Wasting money? I'll show you wasting money.
High school art class
You have set off the fire alarm for the last time...
I emptied a 2,800 sq ft house
St. Patty's day pizza denial.
Looking for movies taking place at the US/Mexican border (or similar desert environment) such as Breaking Bad and Sicario.
Radio Deejay Petty Revenge
My stepdads a dick..
Call me a b*tch? I'll put you in jail and bother your family for years to come :)
Revenge in the Galley
Accuse me of stealing your adapter? Fine. Have a broken one.
Figure out how a fast lane works, and then deal with your road rage.
Didnt clean the tea jug
I skip school to pass
You're running late? I'll make you later!
Revenge on a nasty bully at work.
What were you thinking?
You can't hand me your card?
Fellow redditor tries to come to conclusions without any evidence, gets shut down.
Your laziness will just inconvenience you further in the end!
Revenge against an art-stealer.
Tale of the no-good cheese taker.
That Special Frosting
Hope you enjoyed your cold shower!
Can't play a game quietly? Guess i'll take away your chances at winning
A very petty, mildly chilly revenge.
Dorm Trash
Send me a video of you having sex in your office because you're mad at me? Ok...
You want to mess with my food? Have fun doing dishes by yourself.
High-school racist became national laughingstock
Be rude to me? Have fun with your video game!
Stalk my Instagram and accidentally like one of my pictures and then unlike it fine I'll go to your Instagram do the same thing four times
Being rude. Ok how do like burnt hands
Idiot Neighbors
Dick Driver
Laugh at me when it rains?
Unplanned babysitting on our anniversary
f*cking annoying pest of a neighbor
Here's your "20" wings alright...
Rudely request something on a deadline? Wait a bit for a reply.
Fuck your sandwich
McDonald's Vigilante
How I got the bus driver I had for 6 years fired
Petty shower faucet revenge
Bully me in 5th grade? Let me shoot you down a decade later
16 shitbag neighbor wants to fight
Make me sit in the back again? Okay, but you're suffering with me.
Stop Bothering Me/Eeveelution Sisters
brother pretends to be a trump supporter
Addicted Step Cousin tried to claim my house
SHUT the FUCK UP
True Sabotage is in the Mind
Started a GoFundMe for my brother because he stole food from me.
Make us wait? Get no help!
Racists get what they deserve!
Bitch.
Won't teach the class? Students create and sign an official protest with documented failings.
You can't just make fun of one of my favorite books like that!
Petty revenge turns into pro revenge (kinda)
BallsI NEED HELP DOING SOMETHING PETTY
My housemate is mean
My mom got served
Small revenge on inconsiderate neighbor.
#NOREGRETS
Sure, I'll put it on your desk...
Steal my bus seat? I'll get you suspended
Wind Shield Wipers in the Drive-thru
Eat my ice cream and lie about it? My dog has thoughts on that.
Hate me for a smaller reason? Ok I’ll just make it bigger
$10 for 5 hours of yard work? Have fun with a ruined yard.
I want to help, you want to be a dick, you pay the price.
My HOA has fucked with me for the last time.
Another day at war
All I wanted was a token of appreciation.
If you act like a jerk I will smash your candy bar.
Too lazy to swipe your own card? I'll get that for you.
Best friend got scammed, teamed up to take scammer down
Stuck up cheerleader gets a piece of humble pie.
Got you a job but you don't reply to my texts? Prepare to lose a couple hundred bucks.
Cat revenge?
Waiter's Sweet Revenge
Contribute the most to your annoyingly loud family? Enjoy your flight with a dead battery
Fined for losing something I didn't lose?
Steal my karma will you?
Pick up your bins
Throw your 'Frosty' out into the street? Try scraping mine off your windshield.
Worst customer in town
Guy gets petty with rude cashier
Just One Piece
Now he really ain't got a pen
My Teacher’s Professor Trashes Him, He Gets a Bite Back Every Couple Years
I refuse to Accommodate my Sister
Cool Ranch Doritos
Update on cheating boyfriend
I got my horrible professor fired!!!
Your majesty's sandwich
Complaining gets you nothing.
Using my neighbor's noisy dog against them
Moving in with a married couple is a bad idea
Try to frame me for cheating? I’ll get you back, except you actually were cheating.
Homophobe put back in his box
This is happening right now!
RATS,BIG RATS. I need therapy for hallusinating about rats.......
The Queen B’s in my school messed with the wrong duo
Dont expect the same price if you are going to be rude.
My Son and his Lunch Box
Entitled Lady Leaves From Frustration
Fine, be a snob about music, more for me.
You talk to me like Im your retarded fiance'?
My Vegan petty revenge
Positive frustration
Messing with my PC so only I can understand what it is saying
You want the TV on at 4am? No more!
Finally got to use something I learned from you guys. Anti-tailgater tactics.
Guide to passive-aggressive lawn care
I pettied my way into a new cell phone
I'm doing okay.
You want, to shut up. Ok. Watch the group(s) die.
Revenge is a piss-soaked pair of jeans.
That was my parking space bitch
Put mayo in the milk
You want to walk instead of take the bus? Fine. Let me walk REALLY slowly for you.
Don't want to give me the job, fine.
Intimidate me into breaking security protocol, I'll break it again.
a little revenge from a little human
Toy(let) Story
Hotel Shenanigans
Keep me awake til the small hours will you? Please enjoy some calming music to help YOU sleep...
Ask me to not smoke on the property..ok.
Taunt me because you're bored? That's okay...or so you THINK
Revenge on a tattle-tale using chemistry
Two can play at this game.
Elbow me and you'll be revved up like a deuce
Accuse me of Rape, eh?
Massive ego and a general asshole? How about a dose of reality.
Traffic cones do not reserve a space
Like to cheat? Call it already.
You want to pay more? Ok
I took the cheese grater
Roommate gets a cat without asking me/us first. I hate cats... hilarity ensues.
Golden showers for rude houseguest
I tried to give my roommate pink eye, the gross way...
you'll just have to wait, then.
Publishers clearing house!!!!
Quit my horrible job and I gave proper notice...
My sister (15/f) wouldn't let me(14/f) put my Christmas decoration on the tree, so I put it on our tree anyways, without her noticing.
Be an awesome friend during my depression. Well I thank you in a petty revenge way
Messy customer made to wait
Suck it petition guy!
Be a jerk? Well, hope you don't like sleep.
That close? Now you look like a cheapskate.
Who's the dumb one?
Ex-bf's car
When life kicks you in the teeth, kick back with some housework
Stop stretching on me!
I hate it when the gas pump doesn't print the receipt
H
Bully bullies friends, we hatch a plan
When I have to do your job for you expect revenge.
Don't mess with karma, because trust me, it will come back 10 times harder
Kick me out of your site, I will make it look like I was never there.
Get hit in the face with a basketball,fuckernugget!
I routinely don't allow people to pass me on the freeway
High School kids harassing meTake my clothes out the dryer? Your clothes that replaced mine will be wet
Only time I have won
Loving woman looking for well-groomed man with a good heart and humor
I didn't even have to do anything, the sweetest revenge!
Kid says he's going to beat me up, ok try it!
No cigarette for you.
Scared you.
I threw up in the hire car.
Don't back up into me!
Dad Helps My Friend And Me Get Back At Middle School Bully: AKA Why You Should Never Anger A Dad Who Happens To Be An Engineer. (XPost from r/ProRevenge)
“Hey Siri”
No worries, I have dirt on you
You want to share all of my private information with friends and family? Hope you enjoy having no information at all.
Ever so slight classmate revenge...
The Story of the Bratty Roommate and a Madagascar Hissing Cockroach :)
Why don't you wear a jumper?!
Little brother annoying me. So I’ll creep him out.
Tailgate me and try to run me off the road? Prepare for payback.
Special needs brother stole my oreos
Asshole can't return them now
Petty revenge on movie theater employees disrupting the movie experience.
Boss went off on me; didn't report being late: gets written up
We drank all the alcohol and left the empty bottles in the fridge/liquor cabinet
Old Woman Threatens to kill me in park
Finally a little bit of petty revenge for me.
Spread rumors about me? Here's a dodgeball
Traffic bullies get stung
Bless her heart
Give them to me the right way in.
racist volleyball kid
A Sock Puppeteer has his strings cut
See what happens when you promote incompetent people?
Kindness ends in revenge
Don't burn my sandwich!
Take away my bonus? Okay then, I'll take away yours.
Talk smack about me on Facebook for the whole town to see? (I’m not on fb btw) have fun being late for work.
Toddler kid with training wheels falls onto a literal prize-winning lawn. "Nature" takes revenge...
Don't be trashy at a campground
Rude to my friends? Lose your job
Unintentional parking lot inconvenience
Raise my rent? Have fun with City Code Enforcement
Boss threatened my Job
Sister's ex tried to ruin her wedding, I K.O. him. Years later, karma K.O.s him aswell.
Pregnant coworker gets her just desserts
Abandon your car on my property and then give me lip, lose your child’s birth pictures.
Here's a news flash for you.
You're a picky eater and ignorant. Let's see you enjoy my culture/food
The day Karma took care of my narcissistic mother.
He poured his beer in my bra so I'm sending 50 lbs of manure in his garden
Revenge is a very cold and salty dish
Won't give me a hotel room? I'll make you give me one.
The Minecraft Grinder Debate
How DARE you misspell my name?
Go back to school, kiddies!
10 years ago in high school: Bought my friends an xbox 360 in agreement that they would pay it off monthly.
A Mess For A Mess
This bro-chad had it coming...
Be a dick and I will gladly waste your time
New York Yankee Bernie Williams helps me get some revenge
It's Mother's Day, be nice.
When a towing company decided to be cheeky.
How Far Will She Go?
Camping Fire
Won't clean up after yourselves? Good luck cooking now.
Roommate bails on a lease, leaves us hanging.
Don't wipe your dog poo up? Ill wipe it for you.
Teacher Vengeance
Revenge on the loud guy
Two can play that game cat
Some children were throwing wood at my garage so i scared the hell out of them.
Religious Homophobic Neighbor Revenge
A bug bit me...
Woman demands my exercise bike at gym, gets a gross surprise
Postal Service Revenge
Rude to my favorite customer? Have an elbow to the face.
how to subscribe someone’s email to a spam list
Call me a fatty in Roblox? Fine.
My girlfriend gave me a one doughnut limit.
I need the beef jerky
Feel Slightly Less of My Love
Petty Revenge - Cat Edition
I didn't like my teacher, so I got an A+
Forgot to remove me from the call list?
I got petty revenge on a overzealous neighbour for parking..
Old supervisor wants me to clock in for her, gets a surprise!
Tailgating me for going 50 in a 45 isn't gonna save you any time.
Dog poop
Get audio file from a movie or something of a bloody murder or severe beating, then connect and crank the volume so everyone calls the cops
You'd like to speak to the supervisor?
Got back at my ex...
Partying with prawns
How my petty revenge took the life of an EntitledBrat in a downward spiral.
Unclaimed heavy objects
Punched a dude in the face 3.5 years after he sexted my long-term girlfriend
Petty Revenge against Starbucks barista
Don't threaten my check
40 Minute wait for NOTHING
Don’t mess with English teacher
Kid is a dick to me
If you are going to be a jerk over human error, I will waste your time.
Not contributing to the group's final project will make me 'forget' to put your name.
Need petty revenge ideas: my ex Fiancé keeps cheating and winning. I want to take him down.
What do you make of this? I deactivated my Facebook a few months ago, then received this text message this afternoon.
Teacher doesn't get contract renewed, screws the entire school over
Cart Returns, the place where you return your cart dumbass.
Text your ex and lie about it?
Steal my work and use it as your own? How about no?
Be a total bitch, get reported for copyright infringement
Тhеrе is a Yоutuber саllеd "Lеon Fаraday" thаt learns еvеryweek a new skill. Нis relatives рassed аwаy when he wаs 14, he makеs videos about own experiеnсe of mаstering new skills and anоther videos for peоplе to keep motivаtion tо lеarn and try new things, bесause we havе оnly onе lifе !!
The never ending circle of pettiness between man and beast.
A non-parenting mom caught me on the wrong day.
Revenge was a dish best served asymmetrically.
Idiot fiance drinking too much
High School Wars
Crazy girl’s bullying behavior exposed
Ignore my emails, fail the class
Won't move your car? OK. I'll move it for you.
Want my parking spot? Stop acting like you’re 12
My ex and my ex-friend broke up because of me.
You have to be a little less lazy today.
Stomp of the boots
Make me pay for your food when you have swipes? Okay.
Hold up my practice? Just wait while I hit these shots...
... so I just got back from the kitchen.
Loud Neighbor Revenge
Let The Sunshine In! ...bitch.
A wasted trip for a parking spot douche and queue-jumping idiot.
snitch on me? let's see what happens with your food.
Parking spot lines are there for a reason.
Cheat on me? I'll ruin your ID Photo.
Small town wastes 30 MILLION gallons of water to get back at city council for restricting their water and fining them
The Follow Up From John...
Bitchy decorator will get lots of references
I got punched in the face
A woman’s revenge on her sister’s shitty boss.
Buy my car for double the price
I'm tired, busy, and have no time for your shitty parking.
Shut your squawkhole
Don't you rush me...or i might waste your time.
sisterly love
Icecream thief
Friends brat bro wipes his tablet.Friend fires back.
Cry wolf long enough, and you're going to get bit.
McDonalds...really?
I'm not a golfish...
Russian mother in law, as pleasant as it sounds
Garbage in my lawn? Garbage in your port-a-potty!
Cable company said their down wire in my yard wasn't their problem. Challenge accepted!
Relentlessly Right: Humiliating the teacher who could never be wrong.
Congratulations... You played yourself
caps everywhere...
You should have done the dishes.
Lady with bad attitude taps my bumper? I'll devalue your car.
Try to win me back with your manipulative bullshit? Enjoy not being able to text for a while.
Satisfying end to someone intentionally splashing me with their car.
Two people seated in the aisle don't want to get up to let people by. I had other plans.
But me about your Friday? Let me return tge favour
Be an ass of an neighbor, I'll ruin your day
Bite the hand that feeds you and spend a night in jail
String me along after breaking my heart?
If I hold the door open for you, don't disrespect me...
Don't let the door hit you...
Took me longer than it should have to figure this out...
Girls can't wear ripped jeans?
A family feud - Christmas
Steal my kitkat? Enjoy being homeless
Space camp douchebag
Why you gotta step on people's toes, biss~~
Simple holiday revenge!
Pull your own cart.
Oh, you want to make assumptions?
Fuck my wife I...
Revenge over a car door "ding"
I graduated a year ago and still haven't found a full-time job so my parents kicked me out today..
Evil roommate
Disturb me when I try to sleep and then sleep during the day? Have you heard this awesome song?
I just found out my dad was gay..
Boss just fired me, how do I use his phone number to sign up for telemarketing calls
Put Roommate in “Psych Experiment”
Threaten me? Uno reverse revenge
Enjoy the panicked search, bud
4 phone calls too many
Have fun with your favorite lunch, dousche :)
You call me bitch? I pop your ...
Lazy Friends, A Little Bit Of Revenge
This guy was being disrespectful and creepy
Steal from me? Now everyone gets to see your scratch-n-sniff!
Won’t clean up the snow globe you broke? Enjoy stepping on/sleeping in glass and going to the hospital.
Don't mess with a farmer.
Rude and verbally abusive roommate
Animal abusers don't deserve animals.
Take out your own trash!! Aka What happens when siblings are coworkers
Annoying Roomate Beer Denial
Sucks to be the youngest
Teachers who hate students shouldn't be teachers.
Don't let your dog shit outside of my door!
Advice on getting the best petty revenge?
Write bum checks and puke on my floor? Get a ride to the county pokey
Don't back off? You get sugar!
Ditch me for lunch? I'll
I need some sadistic options for my friend who handed me a spoiler to Starcraft 2: HoTS.
You demand that I carry you? Enjoy cleaning the mess
It just stopped, I don't know what happened!
Enjoy Using the Bathroom In the Dark
Bullying teacher exposed by downtrodden student
Big ego, small seat
No sir, I cannot fit into a 1 inch gap between our cars.
Girl thought it was cool to cheat.
Won't allow certain albums in your classroom ? Found a way around that...
Revenge Literally Burns
It's been over a year, time for my petty revenge.
Enjoy your parking ticket!
Can't go to the bathroom during flu season? Enjoy my vomit.
Just because we're family doesn't mean you can be inconsiderate to me.
Not so sweet revenge for a snack thief
My New Neighbour Wants To Be Rude, So Be It
Put a dirty diaper in my car, will you?Too many coins..
My school takes my property I move theirs
To the tool who kept killing me in ARK: SE
Kick me to get me to move? Enjoy unemployment.
My brother sprayed vinegar on my toothbrush
Always put your boots away!
the day I ruined my dad's contract
What happens when you mess with my clean wiring.
If you break the law, be prepared to have your vehicle damaged.
I used COVID-19 for my own personal gain
Awful Roommate Revenge- POLICE INVOLVED
I basically ruined this girls life
Don't Send Offensive Things in a GIANT College Group Email Chain
Petty revenge with no bad guy.
Quit taking our shit or we’ll hide yours
You Like To Take My Cat? How About This Petty Revenge.
Screw us over and be rude on an installation?
Here's your trash back, butthole
Opposing football player blows a fuse and gets ejected from the game because he's an asshole
I'm sorry, did I misspell your name .... Again?The Tale of the Egg-Smasher
Towel Revenge
How can I gently fuck with my housemate?Weird French dude trys to grab me
I’m so sick of picking up the slack!
No new puzzle pieces for you!
He decided to use me and dump me, so I decided to cat fish him!
Give me the finger and steal a kiss? Guess you can't watch your video in peace.
Don't test a self-taught artist
Not even a you're welcome
Make my snowboard shiny, OK I will.
Mouthwash for your dirty, lying mouth
Avoiding your warrant in another city? I’ll get you arrested in front of all your co-workers
Bullies Me And Others, Loses 3 Friends
My old asshole landlord
Hygiene's a bitch.
My castle is my castle.
Someone stole my cheap $15 dollshoes
Demand that I leave? Enjoy your stinky bathroom.
So I live in an HOA and there's a condo commando who hates everyone...
Lady rushes me at the drive thru, so I pay for her food
To the old man who thought he was slick...I saw you
Act my age? Fine, I'll act yours.
I'm not indoctrated to your BS mum.
Dealing with an unwanted roommate
Discord moderator tries to gaslight server, gets played like a fiddle into confessing to me, then tries to intimidate me into staying quiet, only to lose any influence she had there.
Teachers Petty Revenge
The Netflix Battle.
Security guy gets owned pt2
Deny me my relaxing bath? OK, wait longer for your precious TV
My roommate's been an ass lately.
Craigslist jerk gets what's coming to him.
tell the wrong person that you think my friend is stupid behind our backs? have fun with your subpar grade!
I get petty revenge on a douchebag driver
So you think you're not loud at all? I guess, I'm not loud also then.
Embarrassing clothes, eh?
My brother wouldn't give me the charger, so I stole his mattress.
Mess up my love life and try to still be my friend? Mess up yours and call you out!
Try to screw me out of $3k savings? I'll screw you out of potential sales
Cheated and gave me STDs
Panera messes up my order for the fifth time so now they get to have my money....
Revenge on SIL by teaching her kids a new ... skill.
Enjoy your destroyed bushes and plants. Try to retaliate enjoy living next to trashy neighbors.
Say bye to your pencil
Moron kid asks for a pencil gets fined
Poutine-y Revenge
Baby Shower Revenge
Since you seem to like staples so much...
No bagal for you sucker!
Dislocated shoulder
Revenge at the Gas Pumps, Hurricane Edition
Oh, So you like throwing things? Let's see if you face the consequences...
Please help me get some petty revenge!
I'll break your shell!
My gay best friend was gay enough to fuck my fiance. I want revenge but need ideas.
It's a Jimmy Buffet concert, ya old hag
Neighbor makes homeowner shorten fence by 2 feet, homeowner gets the last laugh
Hey lifeguard, break a leg!
Comcast revenge
Steal my coursework? I'll steal your sports deal.
Face the wrath of my passive aggression!
I finally have one
"Sorry for the delay, idiots are on the Tube."
Screw your cups
My spastic housemate
Mow over my wife’s birthday gift? This means war!
Take my headphones without permission? Enjoy when you ask for money!
Got my ex out of the orchestra
Enjoy a determined man in your inbox
Loud and obnoxious meets foul and obnoxious
The Laundry Terror
I dipped my exes contact lenses in toilet water after he told me I was a slut and that I’m not allowed to wear a bikini without him
Double-standard NCOIC and my Petty Revenge
When my friend's sister uses her highliter
I'm taking your daughter away
I made a dent in my babysitters car door
A mom walks into a coffee shop with her annoying-ass kids...
Embracing the Infestation : Petty Revenge On Lazy, Psycho Roommates (Long)
Get on my nerves? Hope you like repeating a year...
Beer snob style
I'm not a fan of people coming into my home when I'm at work
Not in kindergarten anymore? Still get time out
Try to tack on an extra $2K to the price of my car? Guess who's not getting their kickback from the mfr's financing department?
Make my game lag? Oops, crashed the router.
Someone killed our dog. A lot of petty revenge...a bit of TIFU.
bully me for being a ginger, cry in front of everyone for a small push
No more pink dots, you say? Well...
Put disgusting rotten nachos next to me get hit in the balls twice and your food thrown at your face for littering
You shove me in front of my mom? Ok, have fun!
Ignore our offer to buy? The buyer can pat more upon their next power bill.
Think Doctors are superior to nurses? Okay...
Sick of sink of dishes
Petty revenge from a week ago at Whistler.
Guy tries scamming me , made him deaf
Raise brat, which bullies my son - say godbye to free money!
Oh, I didn't dust? Good luck finding your van keys.
Wake me up to go Black Friday shopping when I said I had to wake up early in the morning for work and couldn't go, SEVERAL TIMES? You're waking up with me.
Tries to save face even after being called out
Don't be a chronic douche to your IT guy.
Fake Politician Gets Shunned
Thank you kind person
My shoelaces are untied
Returning trash dumped into my truck bed.
Act like a dick and everyone now knows what yours looks like.
Stall a chess game? Hope you like waiting.
Don't treat your rental car like shit.
Snippy lady at work has no time.
I too smashed a N64... and a PS1.
It took 4 years to get revenge on a girl who led me on then stood me up.
Fuck loudly until 8am consistently = Have fun listening to my music until 8am every time
Got my girlfriend good with this one.
Revenge on Seahawks Punter Jon Ryan
Revenge So Good it Got Me an Award
Now you have to always get out of your vehicle to deliver my mail
Returning your garbage
annoying officer gets bad water
T.A. hurt my grade, so I ruined a few minutes of his day.
You want it clean? How about SUPER clean!
Brother doesn't reorganize my comic books
Don't think I can commit to a hobby? Have fun being embarrassed in front of your crush :)
This Is What Happens When You're Hard Work Pays Off in Fighting Games
Refuse to pay for work completed? Enjoy having your company website redirect to pornhub.
Take that, little brother.
There’s a reason for consent
QA got a taste of her own medicine
My pettiest revenge of all.
My annoying landlord
Eat my food that I got specifically so I don't eat yours? Looks like your last Nutter Butter has just "Disappeared".
The refrigerator is a communal place
Not putting up with bad environments...i'll just leave thanks
Grocery Crusher
Don't cut in line.
Make him pay
Jackass coworker gets a salty toothbrush
Annoying principal gets stroke back with her own rules
Were all those dick pics worth $40?
Middle School Bitch
Teacher Helped Facilitate Revenge Against My Kindergarten Ex-Fiancee
Ban me for 3 days? I’ll waste 20 days of yours
Management won't address the 10+ noise complaints against my neighbor so I start practicing again.
A story about a boat
The evil year 8s’
Boyfriend shouldn't have left his reddit open on my computer...
Ignore
Don't spit on people who know where you live
Act like two racist bitches, I'll turn you against one another with the power of my toots.
Food thief revenge
My sisters cat got out and this guy answered the craigslist ad about her cat ( few hours after we found her) this is the first day of me wasting his time. (Very old, all I could find)
Intrusive bunk mate? Okay fine.
Revenge on driver
'Cause I' m rude
What valve? The story of my petty revenge on people who fucked me over on housing.
Enjoy your headache!
Don't get trained for a job and then get yelled at for not doing effectively? Fine I'll quit a day before black Friday!
Be a bullying asshole for no reason? Begone THOT (ft cool bus driver)
Revenge on someone that stopped fast in front of me.
OMG Did I just hear what I think I heard??
The bitch that broke my heart
Leading by example
I hope your glorious face is loved by everyone
disabled a user's spam filter for being demanding and dishonest
Help me find this person / harras this person as much as u possibly can
Sacrificial Lamb
You are not stealing my precious karma. UH UH NOT TODAY!
Feel like harassing a girl every lunch? Enjoy your new hairstyle.
Fine don't apologize. I'm still having it my way
I’m taking the dog
Spicy Sausage Surprise
Golden revenge
My in laws wanted to "gift" us...
Push me and hurt my foot? Good luck asking your crush out
Pinchpenny picnic payback pettiness
Doctor Douchebag Ph.D
Mow, mow, mow your lawn...
Take my spot, damage your car!
Leave me behind and you'll look bad.
hilarious you deleted your reddit account cause i trolled you so hard. so pathetic
friend annoys me and insults me, so I become n more annoying
Want to keep blocking my car in the driveway? Ok!
Steal sister's pizza over $1.50
The stars aligned for this one, and its still makes me smile.
If you're rude, I can't give you directions.
Some punk golfers took it upon themselves to try and hit balls over the net and into my driveway.
Forced former admin to leave his base, kicked him from my tribe and disbanded the tribe for killing my wyvern in Ark.
Justice served to an injustice bus driver
Park illegal, pay for dumping fees on your security deposit.
Public food snatching? I’m not sure that’s a smart idea.
The revenge is going to come.
Taxi driver doesn't need your fare
Honk at me? I’ll honk back
Sit at my people's place? Not happening
Dirty Dishes
About face.
The revenge of the tastebuds
Micro(wave) Aggression
So I broke my sisters door
I need to destroy my amazing garden because I got kicked out.
Break into my house while i'm out of town... You will pay
You snatch them up in 1 minute? I'll drive the price up
Bring me to tears at my call center? Enjoy petty karma
Take that, Old Jaded Coworker.
WHY BE A HATER? I GET REVENGE!
Be and asshole after losing a friendly game? Walk that extra 40 meters for lunch
Entitled driver gets revenged.
Can't put your laundry in the hamper? I can't put it in your closet.
I keep several police officers cards in my wallet JIC it ever gets stolen
Best Friend's Friend Bullies Us, Later
Don't count your own waste? That's cool.
Some Kid Steals My Mustang In Roblox
Trick me into scabbing for you?
Ice revenge
Won't do your job? Enjoy working harder, asswipe.
A simple solution to a teacher threatening to ban going to the bathrooms during her class
Steal airport baggage? Go to prison!
OCD Terrorist
Never Forget a Thief
Night-brights vs cheap Chinese ultrabright LEDs
Screw me out of my reward? Okay, handle this yourself.
I was told this should be submitted here...
..Sorry, I forgot.
Trying to steal our ideas for the pair project? Can't steal what you can't understand!
The Revenge of the John Wayne Tee Pee Story
Help me plot my revenge. I caught one of my roommates stealing from me but they don't know yet. How can I get the most joy out of busting them and letting the other roommates know we have a thief at the same time?
Get me banned of of a server I liked? Pay me everything I paid for on that server.
Learn how lines work, or at least how to be patient.
Bullies get F's on papers they paid me to write
Spray wash your windscreen on the motorway, spray wash it twice.
You annoyed me the whole trip; and I got my sweet revenge~
Mildly inconvenient
Want me to move? Too bad
no really... my apartment really has these giant bugs
Cinnamon Toast Splash
Harley’s 115th and wedding discord
Park in my driveway, get your car stuck for a day.
How to shut up a friend
Don't shout out of my car
Roommate eats my food? Guess I'll never go grocery shopping again
Fuck with my sister? I'll find someone to fuck you
Hang up on me? We'll see who has the last *click*!
Some guy in the same group of a summer camp asked me to trace 3 packages.
I failed a kid that decided to copy off of me
Enlisted Craigslist to get back at slob of a roomate
Entitled "Regulars" make me go grr. (xpost from r/TalesfromRetail)
Who burned the popcorn?
Dont want to do the dishes? Enjoy your mac and cheese fucker.
2 girls, 1 cup...of bleach
At my dinner in the room and my roommate hates it
Math petty revenge
Guy at my co-working space barges in on my phone call, so I cut his meeting with a colleague short
My manager
Why Arizona recording laws are fun with abusive parents
Military revenge...
Roommate eats all our food so we...
It wasn't your turn, now you will suffer
Cut me off? I just want to make sure you know I noticed it.
Fall asleep on a fight you started? Have some dirty glasses.
Rent-A-Cop "Wigs" out over non-helmeted bicyclist
I hope this counts as a revenge story.
Getting my roomate kicked out because he is drunk.
I stopped a kid playing his Xbox
Let me fill the locker you stole with the cigarettes you smoked
entitled dad threatened to whoop my ass when I was 12.
Laundry man forgets bags, enjoy the mess.
Steal my Switch? Let me use some revenge I learned from Reddit.
That piece of....
Where's Patricia?
Ignore me? Take a broken doorhandle home.
Bad Roommates
Stop annoying me.
The Horse Races
I pretended to be a deaf girl
Revenge against my cheating ex girlfriend!!
Lying brother
Treat me like trash for two straight weeks? Fine, I won’t take yours in and you’ll get stung by a jellyfish as extra karma.
Petty Revenge on Crazy Roommate
Tap my desk every time you walk past will you?
If you’ve got nothing nice to say, WRITE IT.
Petty revenge on blind ex girlfriend
Russians
Inadvertent Petty Revenge.
kittyrevenge
My younger brother never leaves me alone...
Disrespect my mother? Love thy neighbor my ass.
How I Got My Boss Demoted By Telling The Truth
Don't be a jerk...
Don't want to help me? Fine, I'll ask your teammate and then send them recognition!
Cut in front of me in line? Get a finger in your ketchup.
Don't be an asshole at the gym
You don't pay for gas.
You wanted to make me feel like shit so I told your family about your habits
I left a note
Hook up with my GF behind my back? No frat for you...
Won't stop banging on the desk while I study, I destroy your new Apple headphones so you hear my noise while you're trying to study.
Import loses, gator wins...
Cashiers in Chinatown
I don't like being tailgated
Not I wont race you and I know where the speed cameras are.
An impatient executive thought he owned the elevator and I denied him.
I'm not pretty enough to work for you? How about as a client?
Use my bathroom instead of yours? Enjoy the new smell in your bathroom!
Polka music not your style?
Shitty car dealership trying to screw everyone over and posts illegal fake positive reviews
Revenge on a friends neighbor
I don't know how that can got in there.
Got stood up at a restaurant...by my friends
I hope you like expensive ham
Karen Gets Muddy Revenge
Dude cut in line so I refused to help him
When your towns name is Skidmore Missouri and you fuck yourself in the ass.
"Don't drink my milk"
A random man online spreading negativity getting clapped back at
A trip to Amsterdam gave me some petty revenge on my neighbors.
Insult my girlfriend? Have fun being awake
Dont flash your brights at me
Drive me out of my own apartment? Sucks for your furniture...
Telling lies, get snitched
I need an idea
Indirect Tweets?
Slept with my boyfriend? You get a trophy
No work, get kicked out from job.
How i got a Pos 20 years in jail
Bleach my clothes? You just got devastated from 5000 miles away, bitch.
Snuggle this
Don't Come to Class, But Want My Notes?
Petty laundry.
Bully gets petty-revenged twice!
Faked proof that I had a flat tire so that the lazy people in my group project would have to do the presentation themselves therefore likely will fail
Driver's a dick to a cyclist.
I Stuck It To a Face Camper on DBD
How does it feel?
Give our teammate a concussion? Well I guess Karma will deal with you.
Want to sign someone up for spam calls. They put something in my air vents and I probably need a new car.
Get Drunk, Karen
The IRS messed up my taxes, my petty revenge has been delicious.
My boss is a horrible person, so I'm getting back at him dollar by dollar.
Tyrant Teacher anal about a rule, makes me mad at him
Roommate lets his awful girlfriend hide in his room while he is at work.
My sister didn't do the cat litter...
Could I get some advice
Company is switching to BYOD
Bitch about my smell? Enjoy a runny nose
You steal my job, I steal your highlighter!
Long ago, before Earth cooled, before cell phones, before graduated drivers licenses...
Hope you enjoyed MY bus seat.
Revenge on the captain.
You know how they say stuff you post on the Internet sticks around forever? Well, even if this guy being an asshole was a decade prior on a BBS, I ended up interviewing him, and remembered his chosen flame war quite well.
My grandma's neighbor is swearing up a storm asking "When the fuck are your clothes gonna be done?!?!?" Was only gonna be 2 loads but grandma is feeling the need to spring clean and wash everything remotely dirty.
Ghost me on halloween? Get red satins on your new white skirt.
They stomped, I stole.
"Bro" purposefully spilled drink on buddies head, shouldn't of done it in front of me.
Cumming
Got terminated from work and got 2 coworkers arrested for drug use on the job.
Won't turn on your blinker? Fine. Wait a few more seconds.
DISHWASHER REVENGE...
Fall for a girl you're trying to goad into suicide? Sorry, you lost your chance at either one.
a truth reveal spell on my ex
Communications teacher was a jerk so i proved his class was pointless.
Petty revenge revenge - reset all our device passcodes? Good luck getting another job.
A year later, school teacher gets the last laugh with Superintendent during pandemic.
"Hey, have you ever tried Polish arm wrestling?"
I blew up my cousin’s house.
Keep calling to offer phone services? You're going to regret it.
dear roommate, go fuck yourself.
Won't do work for 3 months? Ok. Fine by me.
My petty revenge as a child.
League of Petty revenge
Thank you for holding that parking spot...
Don’t be a dick if you want to get somewhere
Wine Bottle (plural)
You won’t get spotless... BUT YOU GET WHAT YOU EXPECTED OF ME.
Don't be an asshole to minimum wage workers.
How I got back at my neighbor
Trash bags between our houses? I think not!Mmmmm! Beefy!
It is the soundtrack of their love - x-post from pro-revengeCut me out of your life? I will remember your birthday.
What things would you do to annoy somebody you live with?
I'm inconveniencing you eh? You bet I am
Push my kid out of your way to the carousel so you can pick the best horse? Go right ahead.
Evil English Teacher cries in my truck and sends my bully to the principle
The customs of Chinese people are not to be trifled with.
Mischievous Clothes Thief
I might be a girl but you lift like a bitchWant to park your car in my yard and throw down trash? Enjoy your cars new makeover.
Pizza For assholes.
Parents tried to sabotage my hobby, so I slightly sabotaged their reputation.
Treat me like I'm an inconvenience? Have fun digging in the trash, bitch.
Lowering my co-workers' morale? Cutting positions and pay? Feel my wrath! (x-post /r/pics)
Academia or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Class Notes
Aggressive driving in a school zone?
ROBOT THROWDOWN
Don't drink and drive thru.
Give me worthless service? Enjoy your worthless tip!
Polka for the revenge dunk, whilst driving
Wanna be a shitty friend?
No more Hulu for youlu.
Owe me money but block me on all social media platforms so you don't have to pay me back? Hope you like creepy messages.
Retail Petty Revenge
Cuss me out? Enjoy your nasty ass money.
Made a shitty remix about my relatives and troll them with it each time im mad.
I dont appreciate being left on read
Stupid Lane Changers
You Don't Work Hard? I Make You Work Longer
Don't want to be frightened? Don't talk trash.
I take no credit but the story is worth telling.
You think I'm stupid enough to fall for your scam? Part 2
Asshole Janitor.
A small revenge
Driver thinks I'm going too slow
Butt-pinching jerk gets a taste of his own medicine
Stinky seat snatcher gets her seat snatched.
Ignore the safety of the children? Say hello to the SRO...
Craigslist Scammer Given Valve Address
Finally, an update: Success is my revenge and kindness is my weapon
Angry man scaring my Mother-in-Law gets spoken down at like a kitten
My housemate is a cunt. Here are a few tragically petty ways I fuck with him
My petty revenge on my coworker Karen
Oh look who's going out of business now?
Redditor stalks me and claims I'm a member of the occult Illuminati, he'll be the man to stop me! Instead, I scare him off Reddit.
Two for one
Ctrl+Alt+▲
Anyone having computer problems?
Keep on bragging my man, i'll show you exactly what i think of you.
I Hope the Three Dollars was Worth Getting on my Bad Side
Redneck parking only
Get Drunk or whatever and have fun with this.
Petty Bed Revenge
Block me? I block you.Steal my spot, I’m putting trash on your car.
Edgy 15-year-old kid wants to burn forests, I expose him on Reddit and then threatens me with tracking me down
I won a car from a dealership, except so did everyone else...
Oh I'm sorry, you wanted to be able to get out of your car? Shouldn't have parked like a jackass then.
Laundry tossed on the floor... revenge time!
I hope you like diarrhea.
Fuck with my friends and you’ll regret it.
Accused of being a side chick by my best friend
Kick me off the bus for an arbitrary reason? Fine. Passive-aggressive public shaming days later? Less fine.
My parking bothers you?
Return to sender... eventually.
Don't upset a motorcyclist
bully me for 2 years? have fun getting kicked off of the football team
The District Shall Fall!Call me a liar and a thief but in the same breath you ask me for a favor? That's not going to turn out how you planned.
Asshole neighbors cut down all of my privacy shrubs...
Hope you like this Christmas list!
I hated kids night
Don't mess with the Yearbook editor.
Serial moocher got her love life ruined
My cat was very petty.
Fuck with my friend, and you get expelled
Friend insults me and will never pick up a girl again
My group was comprised of slackers
A Phone Number is a Powerful Thing...
Seth is as cunt don’t be like Seth
Having fun getting petty payback on teachers at a school that was biased
Call me names? Fine, pay 6x the amount for your medication as I could have made it!
A long wait for a petty turn around.
Phone vendor gets more calls than he expected
Keep kicking my seat see what happens
Don't place me on your blacklist when you screwed up.
This is why you document all the things
How I dealt with the racist at the library.
Long lines? It'll cost ya!
My measly petty revenge.
Try to charge me unjustifiable rent then proposition my boyfriend? Say goodbye to that security deposit.
You want robux no thanks
I may be "addicted" to my smartphone, but I also get to finish my drink after the bar closes, asshole.
You can't always get what you want!
Harass me over a video game? I’ll harass you right back (and prove you wrong)
No Blessings for you
You spam me? I'll spam even harder.
Old crow is never gonna steal a seat again.
Simply Shocking
Cut me off, will you? I'll waste your precious time.
Entitled girls on bus convinced they own the back seat so i give them a dose of reality.
Phone Scammer Quickie
Cry
Give me my money!
Gf's dad gets a taste of his own medicina
Every single call to your business is a nuisance? Okay. Nuisance it is!
My nagging annoying co-worker
Very Petty Revenge Among Friends
Epic revenge on an ex
Don't Eat My Yum-Yums.
Verbally abuse me and my mom? You no longer have headphones.
Fuck your bread
"Where u at?"
I pissed in my orange juice
Give me an F for memes in a presentation? Deal with the rancid apple juice bombs...
First time ever fired.
He is not giving your computer back?... He will not keep it for long.
Try to swindle me out of money? Right back at you!
SO's crazy ex-girlfriend harasses me at my work, but everyone loves me at hers.
She'll never do that again!
The Spanish Button
I've been petty all day today to those scummy Winks.
Park in The Handicap Parking Space?
Terrible roommate, petty revenge
Damage my product? You can't buy it
Ruin Jim Jeffries for me, and you're getting the crop-dusting of your life
Lie then fire me? I'll report you breaking the law!
Drop your entire coincollection at my station, have fun
Treat my dog like a monster? Have fun playing in a mud puddle.
A short one for y'all
My mum constantly caused me to nearly throw up, so I return the favour.
So You want to fire me? excuse me while I accept my new job
Leave your hair everywhere?! I think not...
Have fun with your small change.
Pay your license, don't be a bitch.
Woman get mad for my dad using his power washer
Don't shout at the deaf girls.
Some assholes on the bus were being obnoxious, loud and annoying.
Be a general asshole and I'll make you look stupid in front of the class
Butter Vs Bike
Trolly and a Ticket
Regularly causing someone extra work will eventually lead to retaliation
You’re gonna try to take candy from my brother? How about you get kicked off the bus.
Piggybacking? Sorry you'll have to wait.
Don't Leave Your Shopping Cart in Front of Other Cars
That man bugs me!
Actions have consequences. (The day I learned my mom is a savage.)
Leave the room a mess? I'll steal your candy
Laundry Room Pettiness
My ex drunk called me and asked me if I would send dirty pics.
If you cheat, don't tell the TA...
Restaurant owner's kid acts a damn fool, gets regulated.
Continually hound me for the wrong document? Wallow in your shame.
Fart in the room will you?
There’s your stitches
Win some, lose some.
30 minutes at the only women's comfort room at the gym?
Both at 9 points in Catan. Caught a cheater by turning his cheating into my victory.
Don't invite me to your party?
Dog hitter
Dont piss off Fijians
A comment on what has been my new favorite subreddit: /r/pettyrevenge
So petty it's incredibly boring.
Don’t steal from me again.
It's not a story.. I need a suggestion
Good luck driving home...
You torture my dog? I torture you.
No internet for you
Pretty revenge by failing
You want to kick me out of the game I started?
You stole a controller from me? I made you lose in Monopoly
Roommate punishes friend's ex-GF for cheating
You don't want to wave at me!?
she has a mustache
Was I not clear when I said "wash the brushes"?
For you, Princess.
Park in a No Parking Zone will you?
Oh you won't turn the TV off? IS THIS LOUD ENOUGH FOR YOU!
Don't honk, open the door yourself.
Anna has to learn to be nice!
Take a call at 2AM? Good luck ever finding your lamp's power plug.
Tastes a little funny.
Revenge is best served ice cold at 6am
Piss me off? I’ll introduce you to a little spice in life
I sure hope you're comfortable in that stolen seat.
Bully me? Fail your test
“I guess that’s what you can expect from an Asian.”
Flood my email? I'll steal your netflix!
Hanging shoes from the ceiling
Returned items to my sister
Short Story Class
Sorry I'm late, it won't happen again!
Sweet Justice.
New flatmates are stealing my food and I had to give them a lesson!
spam-flavored petty revenge for a former manager
Don't update me? Get acorns!
Sure, write a passive aggressive note about me.
Honk and flash me? Watch me slow down.
I love pissing her attorney off...is that a bad thing?
Ex is prank calling Need Revenge
Aunt always put me down finally got a bitter taste of her own medicine
Don't talk shit to me
Instant karma. Girl who I was sharing a position with tried to get me fired for stealing company time. She got fired a week later for doing the exact same thing.
Are you saying that my panic attack is a prank? I'll fight you in our game with my army of ducks.
Pick up your dirty fuckin' underwear in the sink
Petty revenge on Ex's sister-in-law
Gave a bully detention using school supplies
I work at a Casual Diner
My English Literature teachers rivalry with Jackie Kay.
You don't know how doors work? Ok neither do I!
In need of: iPhone Revenge!
Thanks for bouncing a check
Screaming kid on plane.
Line cutters always finish last
Keep ignoring my requests to stop getting spammed? I'm sure your company's Senior Director of Global Marketing and Director of Operations will be pleased
So you don't tip but your a regular are you? Xpost from /talesfromthepizzaguy
Chew the crunchiest foods with your mouth open? Scream on speaker phone every day? I hope you enjoy my new keyboard
Some girl pissed me off with her bigotry towards people with developmental disorders, and mockery of a self-harmer. So I posted her sexiest pics on my page, and chastised her for her cruelty.
Revenge of a bus driver
Give me your test paper! Then fails the test...
How hard is it to throw out your trash?
Horrible Boss-Karma
Don't start what you can't finish
Enjoy your tomatoes...
Upstairs neighbors wake up with me.
Tiny little petty victory
I decided to tell their secrets when I quit
Have fun training your new waitress
tety times two
The school website needed an upgrade
Petty but so good
You want your money back? Fine.
Bad drivers get to listen to violent pornography.
Be a toxic person? Get copyright reports filled against you
How do I legally seek vengeance on my neighbor?
Free shipping
Revenged Government Worker &amp; Neighbours With One Shot
Bathroom hogging roommate got served
Gonna try to sext on a suportive venting website? sexting you gonna get!
Keep my kids up with your crappy music? I’ll go ahead and shut that off!
Bitchy cheating mum
How to Make a Jock's Ears Bleed
Don't order from me while on your phone
Don't park behind a stranger's house or you might get eggs in your car
Dry Texting? i don't think so
Baby revenge...
Have Fun Cleaning Up That Mess
Revenge on a hasty girl
You want to be a jerk driving? I’m am the king of this parking lot!
Won't stop requiring sketchy extensions? I will get them pulled from the store.
Cut the drive thru line? You have awakened a honking giant.
I get bullied and harassed everyday on the bus please help I’m miserable
Think you’re slick? Have fun being exposed to everyone we know
Bingo, bango, sugar in the gas tank.
Revenge Sandwich
She abuses horses, so I report her horse-for-sale ads on Facebook and get her account deleted
Enjoy Standing The Whole Ride Home!
Guide leader wouldn’t let me lay down and didn’t believe I was sick
Cut me off in the drive-through? Good luck placing your order.
I'm a salty guy
Don't mess with my online accounts
16 year old /u/pasaroanth gets revenge on his old boss
You just had to continue the group chat of 535 people
Rude to interrupt.
Revenge in the cinema
Happy ending after revenge. (Not that kind of happy ending)
Just witnessed some amazing petty revenge done by my 6 y.o son.
It's not much, but to me it was amazing.
Took two years, but got the creep back!
Claim that I don't do enough work will you?
Gave guy hickie mid-makeout after realizing he was cheating with me
Revenge on my manager
Refuse to vacate your table? Enjoy the rap music.
ex bf writes an email to me
Kid tried to blow up my minecraft world so i used console commands to make him pay.
Goat flavored revenge on a disgusting roommate
Fireworks are illigal+i got reported for shooting an airgun in my own yard
Boss gives away my promotion to a coworker less qualified than me. So I'm giving him a real headache.
Want to pretend to act like a slow person and be lazy? Fine, you are going off to camp.
Steal my stuff? Get glittered.
No, we would not like to get scammed. Fuck you
Insult my concern for my kid with a lung disease? I can play petty games too!
Treat me like crap, I'll crap in your change room.
No, I don't speak English but my son does...
Oh I'm sorry, I hope you weren't in a hurry.
Locked out of the apartment
No respect = no fun
I finally told the girl who used me all year for school work I wouldn't help her anymore.
Enjoy your WiFi asshole...
Put your shirt down
Want to be a little jerk to me while you're in line? Allow me to inconvenience you.
crazy aunt with shit politics
Getting My Neighbors Fined
Loudmouth roommate's gf, berates me about my faith when I desperately needed sleep. Good by roomie and loudmouth gf, hello 2 fraternity bros
My own little 'double parking' story (Bonus- Porsche!)
How I caught my loophole-exploiting brother in a loophole... and got over $50 for it.
To Give You Ideas: wherein I drive a thieving meth addict insane, temporarily
You. Need. To. VER.I.FY. ME!
It's really too bad you are too low functioning to figure out your tv
I also peed on the carpet and blamed it on the dog...
Dick the dick of a stepdad receives petty payback after 30 years
Cut me off, will you?
All of you speak fluent Spanish? Enjoy my French music.
HOA board member fines me for having a pickup in my driveway then wants me to let him use it to get his hurricane shutters from storage unit! HOW 'BOUT NO?
I'll be right there!
Brother yeeted me into snow
Car Racing Games: Suggestion for New Generation by 90s Kid
The whiny co-worker and the case of the missing pen.
She didn't want to be the very best.
Need some ideas
ullie bullies me through primary so i get her bullied
Don't Block the Sidewalk!
Accuse me of plagiarism because of perfect spelling? Enjoy my assignment being spelt like a child
Fuck you petty revenge
The Genies Wish
Kids try to attack and assault me and my sister we got our revenge.
I saw you steal that candy bar.
You like my booze? here...try -this-.
Reddit petty revenge...
Sleep with my girlfriend and send guys to beat me up? I’ll put cicadas in your car.
Mess up my carefully arranged room? Have a boring hour.
Never Hit a Man in His Pride and Joy
Married nurse had sex with my husband on their psychiatric inpatient unit, can she get fired?
It's pronounced koo-nts
Ruined my morning, I’ll embarrass you in front of your wife
My Childhood Bully Accidentally Shot Himself So I Crucified His Identity On Google+. God Answered My Prayers :)
Low hanging fruit revenge
I will not give you my pop
How I successfully ruined my brothers week using his own rules.
My Nan is either a bad ass or batshit insane
Got revenge on a double Parker today
Dont use my club membership
Don't squirt me with hand sanitizer.
Haha, bitch!
We come as a group, we go as a group...
Some guy spoiled the Red Wedding for me. Two years later, I got my revenge.
A tale of middle school revenge
My chair!
Unique Art Projects
Game time, nope, only me. (LONG)
Riding my bumper? Take some more time.
Justice served on high school bully
Play with my heart? I play with your email address
Another fuel thief
Taking in the trash.
mean landlord gets revenge on
Drive like an idiot, prepare to be flashed by Big Sean turn signals.
Annoying the tribe at Hot Topic
Crying on cue and customer feels bad for choice of words.
Assistant Manager Treats Everybody Like Crap And The Karma Is Sweet
Give me the finger? Cause a car accident.
Thanks for the cookie!!
Do not turn the ire the gatekeepers
Master of the WiFi
Made my bully cry in class
Enjoy the warm bed
You're right...young people are useless, but at least we read.
NEVER MESS WITH A WOLF PACK!
Complain about me helping my disabled neighbor? Have fun with the nightmares!
Petty Pickles
It's that time of year again, spreading good cheer and a tiny dose of petty revenge to *those* in-laws.
My girlfriend's cooking
A hippie told me to re-park my car... I didn't.
Neighbor complains about roosters
I can't stand inconsiderate people.
My Brother locks cat in his room and cat "plops" in it.
And that's how you get someone to quit bumming your tobacco.
Ruin a concert? Enjoy running around barefoot after.
Guy Copyrights Baseball Team Name Because He Doesn't Like It
You waste my time, I waste yours
Take my headphones? Hear my wrath! Or.. like half of my wrath.
Don't invite me to the cinema? Enjoy my cooties!
you all have inspired me!
Inmates have been acting a fool, one refuses to enter the zone. K-9 is called and the entire building is locked down.
I Won't Pay For Your Order
You want to talk behind my back to my friends and steal my work? Well, guess I'll be rewriting your story too!
Great petty revenge with tickets
Don't Piss Off the Janitor
She cheated on me with my roommate, then one of my friends, then my mom's boyfriend...
If I run into a patronizing ex, and they (patronizingly) say "Good to see you," what's the most artistically passive aggressive way I can respond?
Try to stop me from changing? Get flashed.
But I made you wait longer
Neighbor thinks he can defy parking rules on my property
Dont fuck with my trash cans
Dick steals peoples pets
Petty vs. Super Petty
I did a breadful thing once... *punspunspuns*
Tease me in front of everyone? Enjoy the rest of your activities!
I just wanted two days off
Flatmate giving piano lessons at night
Bag-stabbing my bum?
Spill My Dad's Soda? How Does 8-Year Old Fry Sauce Taste?
Right of way as a pedestrian.
Flip me off and curse at me when I stop you from stealing my parking space? Enjoy my verbal beatdown
Think I’m to poor and not good enough to shop in your clothing store? Miss out on a $2k sale.
Don't be a racist, misogynistic jerk to the stranger at the call center
I followed the rule
SCHOOL PARKING.
Kill her with kindness
Me vs. My Arch Nemesis in Middle School (xpost from AskReddit)
Caught a kid stealing. Taught him a lesson.
Entitled Parents DEMAND That Their Kids Use Our Training Facilities, So Our Coach DESTROYS The Entitled Father In 1v1
Oops, Sorry.
Snarky is as snarky does.
Slow.
Feel like pushing in the airport queue? Not today, madam.
Fighting Poop With Sound
Haha I inconvenienced you and cost you $15!
How I fatten up the spoiled boss
EK bullies everyone i put him in his place
Can’t take feedback? No more drinks for you.
Petty revenge served fresh by the trashmen.
You want to ignore me and call me names under your breath. I'll tell your coach.
Point and laugh, just point and laugh
Ignore my knocking? Taste of your own medicine
Being a disrespectful asshole to the receptionist? Have fun changing your work e-mail!
Steal my account, I'll send you spam.
Ex boyfriend cheated on me, I got him back
Canadian Tim Horton's Revenge
, I did this" -- posts.
the alarm clock
Made them pay multiple times
It's not me
The car horn under the bath
Make up excuses? Let me "accidentally" show them to your friends.
Rely on others because you’re too lazy to be responsible? Enjoy being locked out in the rain!
Finally, he does his job
Enjoy my balls all over your body
I feel like a modern day Robin Hood
My old job nearly drove me insane, so I’m trying to do the same to them.
She just wouldn't shut up
Girlfriend's Ex Boyfriend Thinks He Can Come Back Into Her Life After Abusing Her, Her Text Message Has Something Else in Mind
Swear at me and my dad and accuse my dad saying he has hacks get band
Gonna leave me alone to do everything? Try finding your comfy chair motherfucker.
I got to dish out some major karmic revenge from almost 4.5 years ago. Petty? For sure! But man, it felt so good!!
My psycho next door neighbor cost me 500$
Victim Card
Secret revenge on some transphobes
A taste of your own medicine.
Wait a minute, I have brights!
Letter of the Law
Don't want to clean common areas? Enjoy your filthy living room!
Take that AccuWeathear!
Gross Roommate Gets What She Deserves
Leave me behind will ya?
I hope you enjoy your magazines...
Sweet, Sweet Revenge
Don't worry, we have an spare copy
I'm glad we could inconvenience you.
Glare at me and ignore my greeting? I'll scare you half to death and make you nervous for the next 20 minutes.
Don't let your dog shit around the house
Got a bad present? Ruin their social life.
Pay-back (in a literal sense) for a towed car
We Need Advice to Get Revenge on the WORST College Roommate Possible!
Help me get revenge
Ruined a freshmans reputation for revenge
To anyone who plays League of Legends:
Friend made me uncomfortable and then assumed he would be sleeping in my bed
Gf brags about being an experienced train-driver, gets revenge by karma
Don't go around falsely accusing someone at work.
My dog gets petty revenge.
Rude Co-worker Must Struggle For Her Coffee Mug Now
Please help...
He choked me, I choked his job prospects
Not sure if this counts as petty revenge but I slept with my ex's friend who is also our manager at work
Impatient Neighbor makes my mom cut down trees so Mom buys a cheap fence so thee year old me can run around in the backyard faces the ugly side the fence toward the neighbor
I got scammed by a redemption company so I prank called them and then spoiled endgame
You want to drive like an asshole? Enjoy some Jersey driving then.
What is the worst thing you've overheard one person say about another, (yourself included)?
Overtake us unnecessarily, we'll go our of our way to embarrass you.
No freebie for you
Petty revenge on a school bully who kept harassing me for 6 long years.
Defeating my arch nemesis
Touch my glass? No muffins for you.
My sister wastes her money on a game she can't play, I make it so she can't play it at all.
no I'm not going to let your child use my 2000$ tablet
Don't hit people with your car, Asshole.
The silent treatment isn’t enough
Need help to get revenge.
content management for a reason
a "little mistake"
Don't plagiarize your section of the group project if you want good group member feedback.
Talk shit about yourself and rap badly on a quiet train? Enjoy missing the movie.
"No."
I’m going to call out a scumbag for being a scumbag to my best friend and I feel very little remorse for what I’m going to do
Revenge on a HOA that will be years in the making
I’m not sure if I’m posting this in the right placeLoud neibours dont let me sleep, I turn off your electricity
Report my underground jousting ring at camp, we will report you for sleeping with a girl and having weed
No regrets
Abortive revenge.
the fish
Don't give a shit about your employees? Ok, I'll take them. All.
Observing a control freak (xpost from talesfromyourserver)
Do things for you in the hot sun and get a lecture, not happening
Accidentally let our cat out? Enjoy your dirty spoon!
Don't pay me what you owe? You're going to lose a lot of business
How can I low key bother my neighbor?
Be a creep? fine, you get banned from this store
Don't mess with my chocolate
Oh you want me to hurry up? I'll do my best....
Don't piss off a line of Mommies.
Congrats guys! You're trending again!
My colleague has been rude to me lately so for revenge I got her office crush to ask me to get coffee with him in front of her.
"Your truck's on fire"
Ex thinks it’s a good idea to key her own car and get me arrested
You're mean, but I'm evil
Got my brother the whooping of a lifetime
My dad kept jumping out from behind corners and scaring me so I got him back.
Enjoy your large VROOM with fries
The Thank You Note
Don't Leave a Fire Burning
Rude guy at the ID office gets irate
Of sidewalks and shoveling
My cat scratched me.
Getting back that woman who lied just to get a free meal.
Block me from an industry conferences and certification; see my diploma
A Dozen Roses
Tinder Revenge
If you're going to drive a huge vehicle, learn how to operate it.
A little bitty pettiness to start my day
Leave your soap in the (public) shower? Here, have some pubes.
Treat me like crap on the team I'll destroy it
We're all a TEAM!
Well excuse me...
Sweet sweet revenge
I want to share with you all my very first job interview over 10 years ago(x-post from /r/jobs)
Thank god for Bluetooth
Lie to me about your drugs?
Gonna make my witch of a sister rack up 30-ish dollars in library fines
Shoutout to Call Centre Liz
Revenge for picking on the little guys at the office
Street Justice: Ketchup and the Corn Maze
Cut me off, enjoy a wet trunk
Petty revenge at the markets
Karen asked to change the music at our Sushi restaurant to something more fitting.
She's wheely mad at us!
Sticker Revenge
Greyhound Adventures
I know my GF cheated on me bc of her old iphone she gave me today. She will find out in about 6hrs and loose a couple of hundred euros.
Don't block the store entrance, or I'll get sassy with you.
Yard Cleanup
Be a completely incompetent Credit Card company/Bank. Fine. You’ll be sending me a check every few months.
your purse costs how much?
May paycheck is where?
SPam ping everyone in my wonderful server and escape free? No.
Letting agent screw over
You don't like the way I fold your socks? Tough cookies
Can't clean the blender? Fine then, no blender.
Interrupt my Spotify German lesson will you, brother?
Young girl being abnoxious, gets mouth full of fart.
In which I track down a repeated-offender asshole driver's address, and proceed to do peel outs in front of his out at 3am
I need helpEnjoy turning off every single light in the store individually.
My best friend was petty for both of us
Be both a terrible friend and a mild Facebook stalker? Get constant updates on how my life is better than yours
Knock over safety Cones? Get scared.
Cheat on me? Say hello to me frequently
Make my living space vaguely uncomfortable? Lennon your lukewarm water.
Don't be a shitty person in a small community.
Crazy man forces me to talk to his wife on the phone; Got my revenge!
I overcharge and pocket the money of customers that won’t wear masks
Annoying Step-sister April Fools Revenge! (First post on Reddit, so be kind!)
The Great Computer Debacle (x-posted from /r/raisedbynarcissists)
Guy wants to get me fired from a job I left 2 years before. Guy ends up paying for proper rubbish (trash) collection.
Shampoo-stealing roommate learned a hard lesson
Housemate sink enemies
Why can’t I post
No phone? no prob.
Eggs a la mailbox
Why you shouldn't be rude to fast food workers.
too much time on my hands
Sweet, sweet coffee
Oh, I'm a gross piece of shit for smoking in a casino now am I?
Won't say Bye after 5 years? Screw you too
Rude lady gets in my face over a parking spot, I puke on her shoes.
Be a bitch to me and then not follow my car rules, then you can walk.
Hypocrits
Students bake cupcakes with their own urine and give them out to their enemies at school
Artist screwed me over and I want payback
I play loud hentai porn when my roommate is video chatting.
Jabroni one-night stand can’t even be bothered to call me a cab. Lucky for me the cab company saved his address
Garage Sale Directions
Wanna play loud opera music at 3 am, I'm gonna play loud heavy metal music
Park in my space? Lose your valve cap.
Ex Thought I Wouldn't Leave Him... I did
Subletters getting me evicted out of spite
I hate you.
Don’t mess with my tables
Group work revenge
Don't be ugly
Try to get me fired? How about I get YOU fired bitch.
You like the laundry soap I buy? Great! How about some fun soap just for you!
Gonna park me in? I'm smearing honey-baked ham all over your windshield, then.
Don't play me? I play you
"Don't touch - will kill"
Steal my cover and pillow? Enjoy sleeping in, babe!
Emotionally abusive step MIL tries to sue my bf and I for going to Cuba
I'm an office prankster, and I have many magazines
He is so Erudite.
Got tired of cold showers
Lesson: Don't be condescending to customers
Cold medicine *yoink*
Inconsiderate Parking
Group Project Revenge
Candy Thief Revenge
Choose to use a Mini Segway instead of walking? Enjoy opening your own door.
No black eyed peas for Karens
Don't Mess with Lifeguard Bobrovsky
Give me a ticket, and you'll hit my car
It's a library for God's sake.
Don't sit in my chair.
Don't wanna take my 4hr shift so I can attend a family BBQ? Don't expect me to take your shift the following week.
Trying to have your cake and eat it too?
Buy your rounds so you don't end up in the red.
Here's your whine sorry for the wait!
HELP: neighbour threatened my dog, need revenge ideas.
Hubby won't get off his phone, so I hid all the cords
Welcome to hell week, theif. I'll carry your luggage.
My best friend is the queen of petty revenge and will go to the ends of the earth to make a point
How my ex gf screwed me over
Grandpa’s petty revenge to a priest
Come in 4 hours late for your shift? Be prepared to stay late.
You get less
Don’t steal my kayak again I warned my neighbor
Talking down to fellow restaurant employees? Screw you.
Share your story
You want to protest? Two can play this game.
brother doesn't do shit around the house
The dogs are the real winners here
I don't like carrots.
Call and email me a trillion times? Enjoy the same.
Handicapped Spot Idiocy
If I can't sleep, neither can you.
Simple lesson: don't drive (and park) like an asshole.
My moms petty revenge against her boss
Try and cut in line, only to get further behind
NEED HELP: a racist psychologist on tiktok
Retaliated to my exes BF and possibly her harassing me for months and it ended their relationship
Don't be a bitch.
expensive plastic forks
someone is trying to scam me on craigslist
Consistently steal the beverage from my packed lunch? How about half beverage, half piss?
Just happened; Completely accidental, but you deserved it.
Tailgate me and you'll have a bad time
Make me wait for a 8 hour layover? Have fun not sleeping!
A petty revenge on my ex
Mouse food
Refuse to forward your mail? Let me inconvenience you.
Gonna make my witch of a sister rack up 30-ish bucks in library fines
Abuse my hard work? You'll fail an assignment and probably the entire class.
the much slowened road eager.
Help me get petty revenge on my sister
Punched a bully in the face and he told on himself
Won't let me exchange something I bought 2 minutes ago? Fine, I'll play that game.
Someone ate lunch at their desk today, it smelled amazing.
Don't Touch My Water
Be an ass? Guess you didn't want those chips.
Trip to NYC led to my families favorite story
NO OVERTIME (But we want you to come in when we're short.)
Wanna take my clothes outta the washer? Fine, have fun waiting a long time!
9 Houses Built Just for Petty Spite
My mother is awful.
See how YOU like it.
Karma gets revenge for me
Sent a dick pic I received from a guy to his fiancée
Annoyed with landlord's nanny always showering in the morning when I want to, so today I got up early to use all the hot before she showered.
The Country Bros in the door room next to me wouldn't turn down their Stereo. So I did.
Neighbours call the fire department on my first fire so we start two more.
Want to be a dick? Enjoy paying more for your water
My boyfriend wasn't helping me with the laundry
Petty Elevator Revenge (x-post from /r/AdviceAnimals)
Enjoy the exercise!Fine. Don't go to your cousin's wedding.
Not gonna hold it for you
He got what was coming for him.
Call me a pretentious bitch well enjoy your Christmas present of revenge
Enjoy Supsension
Hard Noodles
It certainly was "a game"
My buddy said he was going to kill the man who was sleeping with his wife.
Enjoy your horseshoe . . . Ass
Non Fat Chai
A company overstepped their boundaries into my privacy
Christmas revenge upon my Catholic sister
I used my own money dammit!
Revenge on AirBNB for refusing to honor their gift cards
Shovel snow onto my driveway and i bury your car.
Cheat on me and have your new loud mouth husband validate your actions cuz I was to busy mourning for my dead brother. Let's see how your new husband likes it when the shoes is on the other foot, and let me know how the homelessness goes while I get full custody of the dog and children.
In middle school I got tired of my friends borrowing my pens like everyday and ima little brat so I'd fill the caps up with some spit and put em back on and wait for it.
Trying to put me down to look cool in front of new employees? Good luck coming back from this one.
Nobody messes with my Pokemon!!!
Girl Bullies My Sister After She Gets a Boyfriend
Neighborhoods should be quiet. Neighbors should be respectful.
Roommate embarrassed me, I do it back
Power change
You want to act like a child? I'll treat you like one.
Shave your pubes in my bathtub? Enjoy a glitter being stuck to your dick &amp; having no lighters.
The tale of the Pretty Little Liar(s)
Ostracise me in the workplace, you'll get yours.
Be rude to me while I'm trying to help you? Enjoy listening to your out of tune violin!
It makes me feel better...
I DONT TALK TO MEN IN THE RESTROOM
Be A Courteous Driver
Made A Female Classmate Spend The Rest Of Class outside the Room.
Wear your damn seat belts
Continuing the Cycle
Dont do any work on the assignment? Be prepared.
Scare the living day lights out of me? Prepare to be annoyed.
Petty revenge on neighbor playing loud music
Made my manager admit she was wrong
Petty revenge on a couple of telemarketers
Yeah, that's right; keep buying burritos with no punch card!
Very short one but thought it was funny.
Unexpected Martial Arts Revenge
I drink tea out of this mug because it's the only way I can get back at the annoyingly ubiquitous slogan.
does anyone know some good places to sign for junk (physical) mail?
The most lawful evil thing I can do
Enjoy your "dirt" bike
Don't mess with a goody-two shoes!
Get in and get out
Mosquito bit me so I sucked it up a vacuum
Teacher wouldn't let students use the and a f later halwashroom.
Hotel room next door won't turn down their TV...
Smash me to the ground? I shit on your porch
Classic crime committer collects comeuppance
You want me and my brother to move, I'll get you soaking wet
The art of patience
Copy editor bullies me, I make work harder for him
I quit my job... and got an ENTIRE HOTEL shut down.
Just happened, I feel pretty pissed, but now just a little better.
You explode a delicious youghurt? - Oh, I've heard your hair wants some too
Tailgate me ? Think again!
Petty Paperclip Revenge
Childish revenge for childish behavior.
Manager is an asshole? I'll show you!
Think You Can Get Away With Bullying Me Just Because You’re Older Than Me? Think Again
If this post reaches 131072 first, it will be an act of petty revenge upon all the people trying to milk karma out of a dying meme.
My friend made fun of me online got expelled
So you won't leave until your stuff is in your van? Ok!
Don't piss off your brother when he has control of the network.
Bus - mates wake me up while I was sleeping......Guess what?
Shoulders aren't for driving on
I can play by your rules too
Can't close a deal with my company after six months? Karma's coming for you!
Don't treat your IT department like crap.
Upcoming revenge: enjoy having to purchase your own kitchen stuff
Overpaying your employees doesn't give you the right to treat them like shit
He pissed me off, I pissed on his door handle
Old cranky lady and the IT department
I bought 3 mega millions loto tickets with the same numbers as my ass hole coworkers.
really petty revenge against little bro over a loofah
Here's an example of what not to do.
Finally did something about my sister's verbal abuse toward myself and my elderly grandparents: I ate that skinny bitch's dinner
A tent for a tent... Or, the unsuccessful trolling of skanks.
Bitch of a teacher
The missing pacifier
Belittle &amp; call me ignorant about technology? Enjoy fixing your own tech $#!~ then.
A**hole neighbors
My husband said my period was “gross”
Trying to sell something for money in the free section of the ads? Waste my time and I'll waste yours.
Dude got quite the surprise!
Oh hi old gym teacher that made fun of me a decade ago! ID PLEASE!
I told you it was broken
Kid tries to get friend group in trouble, get suspended for 2 weeks
Blind leading the blind
If I am walking on the sidewalk and I know someone wants to turn into a business or onto a side street, if they dont have their signal on I walk super slow.
I don't care how many people are in this lecture hall: that is my seat.
An Alternate Response to Dealing With Road Rage
If I don't get to use my pen, you don't get too either
Steal my seat will you?
Spill my beer, sounds like a good idea
Petty revenge on ex-boss who fired me for a non-reason at a bad time
Late rentpayment petty revenge.
I made my roommates boyfriend purposely uncomfortable... with tampons?
My brother typically tries to tackle me when I'm walking from the barn to my house
Noisy Neighbors. I have to tell someone.
Stuck it to The Man by being a brat
Be a grump, feel my wrath.
Steal 20 dollars from me? Hope you like Pepsi.
Need help for dislike for fake person on youtube channel
Dont get me in trouble!
Don’t Screw with Your Technicians
Just use a satnav next time...
My sister gets absolutely destroyed
MIL hates my pets and shows them off as disgusting to others, so this is my petty reaction.NO SLEEPING IN DURRING SUMMER BET!
Barking mad to get back at my mother
Park in my Handicapped permit spot? Ok then, get a $250 ticket
You want to call me a dick? I’ll make sure you call everyone a dick.
Not sure if this counts as petty, but...
Want it all to be fair and equal do ya??
Annoying sales calls
Vengeful, hate fueled journal entry That made me ROFL
HELP!! He's gone too far
Stand on the right, walk on the left.
Retrieved my thrown out art
Just to be spiteful
Eat concrete.
How petty would it be...
How I ended the prank war
Come outside
Don't use your cell phone at work!
Escalator based revenge.
Annoying Alarm Clock
Toxic Gamers Overwatch
2 Errors in 1 Play
Wow
Enjoy cleaning your windshield every day, dipshit.
No warm for you!
Don't skip the queue just because you're wearing Lycra
Very petty train revenge
How can I get my upstairs neighbors evicted?
Man manipulated nurse into lending money, now blocked and not returned
Friend's girlfriend of 5 years, and soon to be fiance, left him.
IM SUCH A MADLAD! (not wrong subreddit, ik this is petty revenge)
THE JUICE WARS
Minor &amp; Petty Housemate Revenge
Anyone know a way to mess with someone with just their phone number
Accidental Petty Revenge Brought To You By An Exhausted Grocery Store Cashier
Don't steal toys from the babies.
The man had a heart attack, Karen.
Park in my spot? I'll block you in...
Neighbour gets taught a lesson by a truck driver; then gets too big for his boots
1st 5min free
Jerk in middle school messed with my cup of tea, instant redemption.
Petty Revenge, Household Style
I know your not supposed to favor, they have hierarchy and all
Cleaned my room to get back at my parents
Give me a kilo of change? Nope.. Keep them
sisterly christmas revenge
Be rude to me at the wedding you invited me to? No food processor for you
I hope you are checking the list
Don’t like replacing lids on food products? Enjoy your surprise.
Think you can knock my wreath off?
Reverse Revenge?
Hairy Flight
Stupid bimbo scams me, is dumb enough to brag about it on Facebook.
Soon to be mother in law is a total bitch, so i ate out my gf before kissing her.
You Don't Own a Public Street
A dish best served cold
It's like I'm not even doing anything.
Ex cheated so I took her relationship away from her.
How to deal with inconsiderate parking jobs
Do you like lying? Do you also like pubes?
Non Stop Puppy pushes my dad over the edge
You don't wanna piss off the quiet one.
Pull out of the deal at the last minute?
Spider babies.
My sister's missing shoe
“We’re going to fire you for “just a feeling” “
Soooo satisfying
Playing Smash Bros Melee with Ex and her new Boyfriend, constantly pick Ice climbers.
Don’t wanna go to bar trivia? Let’s watch this new show together!
Not your doorman
The girl behind me wouldn’t let me focus, so I showed her how much brutal honesty sucks
Have a nice Bonus.
Apartment-dweller misses again...
This is not a story, this is a wish, i have the dox of two pedo guys and i wish to anyone FUCK the lifes of this guys plz
Sorry, early ticket passes are only for decent people
I play the long game when it comes to being petty
A lack of planning on your part....
Solve your own problems.
Back-seat driving mother-and-daughter decide to gang-up on me...enjoy the rest of your 45 minute car ride.
How do I get petty revenge on someone who scammed me out of money?
Putting phone scammers on hold
They'll never see it anyway. HA!
2 inches? I'll give you 2 inches!
X-Box live exploiters enjoy wasted time.
Laundry money
Messing with musicians
Simply Ironic
You couldn't wait an hour to finish your laundry? Have fun waiting up another hour.
Another bus revenge
Insufferable coworker gets pinterest revenge.
Use my mouthwash? Enjoy rising your mouth with my spit.
Call me at 6am over minor stuff? Enjoy the coffee drinking contest at midnight
Where to post about a shitty employer (Quick Marketing Group) that is legal but effective
Hit my sister? Lmao.
"Parent shaming? Have fun waiting for an audition that will never happen."
Enjoy your life inkjet bill.
Damn double parker again
Yup, I'm eating this snack. Keep staring! It just makes it tastier.
Group of Idiots Reveal Their True Intentions...
Gym douche-bag gets a sandwich.Won't help me with the dishes? No tea for you.
Don’t annoy me otherwise I’ll hit you back with a sweet sweet revenge.
You lock me in, I paint you up!
I tricked my stepsister into thinking she was pregnant.
A "mate" begged me for a job &amp; then pissed me about...
Worker Uses Haribo Sugar-free Gummi Bears as a Means of Biological Warfare Against Annual Bonus Crippling Manager; Generates Avian Bird Flu Scare/Quarantine.
Shove your Non Compete Agreement
Cut us off in the parking lot will you?
come bucket for bitch? i will regret this but you will regert the inability to have a resounding Sunday.
Teacher, Sarah is using her phone!
Ruin my reputation? I'll take a burrito.
He never messed with me again
Don't bully the "Teacher's Pet," they will bite back...
You shouldn't have bullied my friend in 1st grade.
Oh, you want your old job back, Karen? not happening.
Salty Coffee?
Dont piss off the person that knows everything
Fall you little crap
Don't take up three parking spaces
Be obnoxious and make a mess for me? Have some public (ish) embarrassment!
Sure, I'll use your notebook!
Hit me with a soap-ball, turn green.
Mock my job? You can wait extra
Disrespect me for doing my duty? You'll regret it...
Why you shouldn't be a jerk to someone in a close-knit community
Don’t drink my milk.
Happy Friday, bitch
I got my bullies to apologize by annoying them
Berating a poor cashier in a sling backfires (and I didn’t have to lift a finger)
Fired on my day off! Everyday has been revenge!
My Ex Best Friend Finally Got What He Deserved
Wanna be both cheap AND rude?
For years my neighbor has been horrible to my family, so we take any victory we can get
I stole and sold my ex-friends sleeping bag and sold it on eBay
The pizza cut
My boyfriend came home to our tiny apartment at 1 AM on a weeknight with 4 of his obnoxious, drunken friends in tow
Another Parking Story
Maybe Blackmail? I don’t know
It wasn't the revenge I wanted... it was so much better
Small revenges of a convenience store cashier.
You think you're getting your deposit back? I've got some bad news.
Lie to my friend, see whats coming your way.
Honk at me? No, I honk at you!
Oh, you raided my discord server???
Need revenge help ! Had someone steal hundreds worth of my clothes - I have their address and bank router number ? Help ?
Don't Mess With My Tip
Zing!
My own PHOB story
Hate My Essay? Too Bad Everyone Else Loves It
Never underestimate my ability to retaliate, even 500 miles away
Douche hillbilly gamer loses high-level loot after kicking his S/O and their kid out the house.
Since We Aren't Friends Anymore....
Refuse to pickup your dog shit? Don't worry, I got you!
Don't fart in my face
Cat Facts
I hate the banks, but I hate traffic wardens even more!
Revenge was served on my behalf by the Chicago Fire Department and an island parking cop.
Kinda wrong but also right
I deleted my friends high follower Instagram account and never told her it was me
Cost me $55, I’ll cost you a job, karma will cost you over $1MM
You got served the bird, sucka.
REVENGE OF THE NERDS: tl;dr: Two members of my college “capstone” thesis team ditched out of our group project. I met with one of the professors giving the oral examination the day before and explained. The ENTIRE oral exam was the professors humiliating the absentee members
Honk at a disabled guy? No parking for you.
Don't publicize all your raunchy info online before going after my boyfriend
I don’t care about age. Act like a little shit and you’ll smell a little shit
getting back at my narcissistic mom on this fine july 4th holiday!
Don't want to empty the vacuum at the end of your shift? Alright..
Scream at me on an airplane? Have fun missing your flight.
SO meets up with ex during family vacation. Now he's parched.
Help me get revenge on the OW
Loud, rude neighbour temporary fix.
Milky Revenge From Hell
Employee lies about your performance to your boss? Enjoy the spam calls.
Bitchy Teacher Tries to Ruin My Sisters Highschool Experience
Stop being friends with me because of your boyfriend? I don't know you.
Park in my driveway? Hope you plan to stay the night.
Cut in front of me? Nope
One sided pissing match
Clean the spit off your own window
Robin Hood eat your heart out!
This might be a little more than petty.
Doorbell Alarm
The Real Teacher
Think you'll save time not returning your cart? Think again.
My Mom wanted to be petty so said did I
Sometimes you need to be a Karen
I am not a good neighbor
Request: a petty subtle revenge.
Are you a telemarketer calling my office? Let me inconvenience you.
You steal my things, I make you pay (your deposit to your landlord)
This is clean? Try this.
Thanks to you, my feet have never been happier.
KISS THAT SWEET KARMA GOODBYE ASSHOLE.
The bank application
Can't do the dishes?
oh thanks for the double chocolate swiss rolls
Make multiple mistake on my taxes
Try to save 0.01 seconds on the subway? Wait 30 more minutes for a bus
you think your car is so special
Paper snow storm!
Try and blow past me every weekend? Have fun finding parking.
I didn't get my bread, and so I'll make your evening crumb-y.
Turned His Boss Gay
Lie to me just to get the computer? Oh hell no.
Class revenge
Ruin our project? Ok, I’ll help you almost fail
Energy Saving Backfires
If you can pay for the car you can pay for the ticket.
Lima Bean petty revenge
Poster starts writhe the tl:dr, have a downvote.
My friend on destiny 2 got the DLC shadow keep or some other dlc before me
Steal my table and spill water on my laptop? Enjoy sticky pants.
Hidding coworkers pens
I made someone look slightly more unattractive.
My Girl-Bully Lost Her Phone To A Teacher
Stop rushing me! You can’t rush good grades!
Misbehave in my class? How about I spoil that movie for you?
FFS, everyone knows not to fuck with me - The story of how I took down two of my school's staff and threatened one's job security in one school year.
A little Halloween revenge...
Block our dumpster? Enjoy the free juice.
Stupid Idiot thought he could mess with me, HE THOUGHT WRONG.
If you want to hear the song, stay in the room
Laugh at me on my first couple of shifts? I'll do my job.
Wikipedia will be your downfall
Petty revenge on a bitch ex-roommate.
Milky vengeance
Harassment leads to humiliation
Art thief gets trolled
I was asked to give my honest opinion. So I did. Sorry not sorry that your bullshit came back to bite you in the ass.
Lesbians delivered right to your doorstep!
Wall expert gets mildly annoyed
Did you think I wouldn’t come back here?!
How to get your boss to swear at your back for at least 20 minutes
Don't want to do your job? Have more work.
My mum barged into my room so I poured all the soap in the house away
Play on your phone and call me a dick when helping you? That's asking for pettiness
my cheating ex boyfriend was on MTV's "Becoming" and I MUST FIND THE EPISODE
"Busy. Sorry."
I show him good and proper
Some lunatic threatened to cause trouble at my mom’s job over a Facebook disagreement. I don’t use Facebook, so this was fun...
The War of the Wheelie Bins
Sorry I’m just an “ambulance driver”.
Cut me off to get a parking space? NOT IN MY HOUSE.
Insulted a good friend? Say goodbye to your deviantart account.
Food Thieves at work Get a "meatball sub"
Fine, you'll get your half order.
My coworker asked me to save some boxes for him.
Brother "can't" wake up, he has to wait.
Dont use your position and power to do wrong...
Get your email address right!
I'm involved in a neighbor feud right now. I love petty revenge
Don't litter round me
Marching band leader was a butt, so I gave him mono.
My teacher is a ... rude person and this is how I got back at him
Not getting this spot bitch
My Stupid Neighbors
Don't put our dog in danger- we will make sure you regret it.
Apparently I look like a sucker
Door has closed; it then shall not open
My (?) Mystery Avenger
While I was in 4th grade I got back at my bully by secretly eating his lunch
Ruin my graduation? No leftovers for you.
Revenge via text spam?
That’s what you get for making a mockery of me
Spoiler Alert
Bully me at work? Enjoy an insanely long commute.
How my sister “won” 35,000 dollars.
Girl Puts Feet Up On Our Chairs. Her Mistake ;)
Only one right answer?
A dick for a dick
12 items or less line at the supermarket
Wanna screw me over? I'll make your life slightly inconvenient.
Me and my boyfriend used to be made fun of by sleazy men, so we now execute a petty plan.
Steal my seat? Guess I will do nothing...
we weren't fast enough for this bitch, apparently
Inconsiderate in the Drive-Thru Line? I Won't Pay for You.
Telephone scam me? Sucker!
Scared off my sister’s stalker
Two can play at this game, you shopping-cart-leaving disgrace to society.
Take my parking spot and I'll try to ruin your day.
Parking Attendant Revenge, Take 2
Honk at me as I'm ready to go? Wait even longer, you strumpet!
Middle School revenge
Parking slot
Ruining your sales for being dishonest and a scam
School project. Don't try to kick me out again, it won't work.
Don't Disrespect the Operators
Don't like where my car is parked and tried to get it towed? Good news, because now I'm definitely not moving!
My boyfriend's "Petty Pot Revenge" on our roommate...
Some stories of how i got petty revenge on my terrible dad
I married on the date of my Ex girlfriends birthday
How I got an endless eating machine to stop eating my food.
Asshole driver gets some karma
Uncle pays more than he wants to.
It's Monday and lazy 1st shift co-worker is about to arrive so I decided to drink the last 4 k-cups.
An interesting story
Take too long to take your clothes out of the washer? Well, looks like you have time to spare....
Kid in my class makes teacher cry
It cost me a quarter and slowed her down. Made my afternoon.
If you have no respect for my time then I get yours taken away
Bully and isolate me? Okay, I'll wreck all of your grades and then leave.
His Petty Revenge VS My Petty Revenge
Petty nurses being petty.
I couldn't take the stench
You make me suffer, I make you suffer.
How to deal with a bad neighbor.
Cheating ex
Don't want to pick up your own lunch and short me $5? You have no room to complain.
He got roasted
Snowman Revenge
Fat Kid Kicks My Dad
Be rude to the teacher? Hope you like new shoes!
Disturb the entire community with your truck and call my mom a bitch, enjoy your karma
Keep me from using the toilet? Fine. I’ll wait I have time.
I like to keep my neighbours inside with various kinds of heavy rock/metal
Park in the temp spot when you have a dedicated one. I'm using your special spot temporarily.
Tailgating? Here's mud in your eye.
Screw ewe!
Sweet parking revenge
Going to be racist on the phone? Yeah, no wine for you.
Oh, you said you wanted nutella?
You get a tow
Cleaning service revenge request
Annoying teacher gets FIRED
Dirtbag College Kids
My revenge against our drug addict neighbor who kept stealing from my disabled mother (repost)
A Flat response
"John Cenaaaa!"
A tale of Petty Revenge times 4
Turn off your brights.
The Drive-Thru Saga of 'Greg' and 'Toby'
Happy Holidays, you jerks.
Try to scam the elderly? Waste an hour of your time.
You don't want to help out. Fine I'll fart
The Vegemite Incident
Asshole Parking
Park in the delivery bay like an A-Hole? hope you're not going anywhere in a hurry
Want to annoy me, sucks to be you
Certainly. Have it your way, boss.
Butter me up, lead me on, then ghost me? Get ready for the petty.
Art class revenge
I was getting a bunch of hate mail on xbox from people I know in real life, so...
Red Dragon Revenge
All of a sudden making me pay $1.10 extra for a BBQ sauce, Culvers?!
Like to argue with people that do not exist at 3am almost every night? No problem.
Just plotting
Mom Gets Petty Revenge After Daughter Releases Wild Bat From Mason Jar
Condone workplace violence? Enjoy getting stopped by DOT
I ain’t your maid.
Such sweet, petty satisfaction.How should I deal with a shitty neighbor?
Kids repeatedly try to cause car accident and tell me their going to tell the police its my fault
Go ahead and be a jealous stealing witch, I don’t mind.
Enjoy your pee-hands, you bastards!
Trying to squeeze into a tight spot and squash me into the wall, get shoved.
Make me choose between work and educarion? Have fun being understaffed!
Need help getting revenge on stolen CC
Try to stop me from putting my last load in ten minutes before the posted cutoff?
I farted
A history Nerds Historic win !
Sugar-Free
Welcome To Chili's
Enjoy your diet. Bitch.
Gets co worker assigned a lot of work
Cut me in line? Karma is going to bite you
Exploiting a friend's anxieties
Am I reading too much into things? Petty Ex Friend, Roommate Issues
Shitty Roommate Gets What's Coming
Lie to your boyfriend, treat him like crap, and force him to hate me? You'll see what happens when you break up with him.
Try To Scam Me? I'll Waste Your Time
I took the liberty of watering your orchids for you!
HelloFresh wouldn't stop calling me
I spoilt my sister rotten.
Give me a bath? You'll have to deal with the consequences.
Go around my back and try to screw me over? Enjoy making less money, because I sure am enjoying making more money off you.
Woman next to me was reading my messages
At least he stopped calling me Wednesday Addams.
pain
Try to push past me at the concert? Fine, I hope you like my elbow.
Sharing from r/PublicFreakout. This starts out with some petty revenge then turns ugly.
Who ya gonna call?
Okay then, hope you love poop
Mono mother
Embarrassed my a-hole brother that's bullied me for as long as I can remember in front of his girlfriend.
If you eat someone elses lunch, prepare yourself for retaliation.
You want to bully me? I'll pee on your face.
Piss beer for the bully
Want fries with that?
Fuck karma, I'm quicker!
I screwed over the people who filmed my date as a "social experiment"
Have fun shoveling
Slacker coworker gets her comeuppance
Sleep on the job? Get a longer nap than you bargained for
Captains of the shitliner hit an iceberg at Hershey Park, sink
Candy Coated Jerkface
I wonder if she likes the way her blood tastes
I was trying to study.
Jellybean Revenge
I didn't even have to do anything!
Mess with my lunch, i'll mess with your mental health.
Do Not Mess with the Paper Boy
The Average Driver's Petty Revenge
How to Fight Back Against Neighbors Siphoning Gas
I went through and downvoted all of my ex's posts
You wanna break up with me and still use my Netflix?
Take my water pressure? Enjoy your luke warm bath.
If you're blasting music loud enough to wake him up, he's gonna make you shut up.
Come home drunk and snore like a banshee? Taste that you jerk!
My grandma’s petty reveng
Wife giveth, wife taketh away
Twice as Petty
You annoy me I mess up you game.
I’m not giving you the $600 I owe you (UPDATE)
Did some petty pampering for a friend
Petty Revenge is a dish best served cold
Bang on MY walls will ya?!
I told an entitled boomer to go fuck themselves and didn't get in trouble
0
I was slightly inconvienced
thirsty white hoe
LET IT GOOOOOOOO!
Try to fight me in school? Get expelled
Why five towns hate me ex
She's killing my boyfriend with a cat
Petty revenge on Donald Trump
I hid all her remotes
If the shoe fits
Some people are so rude
Don't like my food? I see you're drooling over it.
Mock me for peeing on the floor? I’ll piss on something else you love.
Old perv forwarding email to the wrong address
EX-HOA board member tries to smear the new board, fails, and moves 25 miles away after ruining his reputation with the entire neighborhood.
Customer wanted to pay with a big note...I made sure she got her exact change
One Rule: No random dudes.
Throw a soda can at my wife and I? Let me get you grounded for the rest of the summer.
Hog the bus bench? Enjoy my fart in your face!
Boss told me I needed a doctors note to prove I was having contractions.
YouTube troll gets a quick lesson.
Airsoft Cheater Doesn't Call His Hits... Get Sprayed Close Range
My abusive ex asked for her book that I had borrowed back.
Turns out bitter-apple spray deters puppies AND coworkers.
A little sissy exposure...(34F)
How I made a kid that was calling my mother offensive things get draged by his own mother home(he is 16)
Just signed up someone for a Scientology membership
(CA) Anonymous revenge, e.g., thepayback.com
i(18F) hate my cousin(9F) so damn much *will update with my victory soon*
Finally got revenge on the guy who shouted at me on my 2nd day
Try To Scare Me With Your Snake? Bring On The Christmas Pettiness
On a rp website i was harassed for what i rp, so i made up a come back
x-post from r/askreddit: lrn2stealdrugs noob
"Oh, but that's not a parking spot"
This madlad's petty revenge (xpost from r/madlads)
Scamming a Scammer
Dude takes off on a wave I was on, gets pettied HARD
Sometimes simple is better. (Translation: I'm nowhere near as creative as most people here)
Revenge is a dish best served warm...(Possibly NSFW)
Push me into the aisle? Here, have my lurgy
Restock crappy sunglasses I returned? Okay then.
The 3 british scum on the back seats of the plane
My brothers petty revenge - or those buttons are in french!
You won't let me work? I won't let YOU work!
To those of you who haven't had your chance to get your petty revenge yet...
The boss' son
Parked me in, huh? Enjoy the ham I smeared across your windshield.
Could we get tags or flairs to denote the length of the post?
Light: Being a shitty brother gets you a shittier brother.
You want a Laptop?
Keep your high-beams on will you?
I was the victim of unintended petty revenge.
Recruitment dodging Douchbag
Wake up my baby? Pay the price.
I do understand...
Shopkeeper annoys other with loud music, another shopkeeper responds back with the use of the telephone
Cooking up some petty revenge.
'Guy Took My Spot' Revenge story. Not mine, found on boston.com
My encounter with a self entitled queue-cutter.
What, do you think there's two lines and you're the only genius that got in the other line??
I'm just mean
The time I made sure an awful bridesmaid didn’t catch the bouquet
Not a toot from you!...maybe one from me.
Take My Number? Fine, I'm Taking it Back
Ran into my old boss and had a very pleasant conversation about everything but her.
I was walking behind a girl at night and she was giving me " i am scared of you because you look like an ugly rapist" look. I walked in front of her and called 911, saying " i think there is a girl following me"
Neighbor doesn't want to help? Guess you won't be going anywhere any time soon.
Have a nice day - Co mot ngay tot
Random bigoted woman attacks me for sharing abuse story, I fought back
Roommate was loud for 3 months... so I had phone sex as she fell asleep.
Be careful who you show your ugliness to
Gets called ugly / steals spotlight at party
Nice truck, too bad about the scratches...
Carpark road rager gets what he had coming for him.
Be a dick to me? Ok
Vengeance Trifecta between my house and Wally World
Paranoid much?
I thought my GF was cheating on me but so I stole the money from her purseI said no onion
Take Revenge From Your Ex-Boyfriend/Ex-Girlfriend
A Ton of Revenge
They called me.....
MIL used my shampoo
Gives me wrong answers on group chemistry prac on purpose guess what happens
You want to push me? I'll push you right back
The Frustraded Food Service Employee and The Case of the Lazy Customer
A posh lady stood tutting loudly whilst a customer I was serving counted out loose change for milk and bread. When she came to pay, I cancelled her card payment, but lied and told her it had been declined
Don't try to tell me what I can't do.
Karma strikes bully enabling teacher
How I Ended the Relationship Of Two Best Friends Over A Fictional Character
Karen makes employee mad
Please send whatever
Fucking coworker
Am I a dick for this cards agents humanity play?
Try to run me over, I slash your tires
A receipt will cost you $5 even if we email it to you.
Teacher pushes me because he doesn’t believe I’m a cripple, so I get him fired.
Knock my bike over? I delay you for 5 seconds
I'm not a child or a pet dog..
Aggressive drivers get no mercy from me.
Going to stand in front of me? Expect to lose your pick.
I cant think of a snazzy title
Everyone has a weakness
Sexist Sub Threatens to kill me for doing nothing.
Try and touch my sister get punched by me
Shitty tenant gets shitty internet.
Hockey Fan Rivalry Escalates
Rev your engine at me because I dare wait for the bus to pull out at a massive roundabout?
Annoying coworker moves into cubicle next to mine, ends up with suspension and moved into the phone pit
Neighbor gets my girlfriend kicked out of her apartment
Petty fence revenge
You don't like my comment? Well I didn't like yours first.
Toxic person calls me derogatory terms, so I stop speaking to them
need help with revenge please
Prepare for psychological warfare after getting drunk and running over my bike.
That one time I got petty to my Grandma.
Minecraft
Don't mess with my mom's kid.
Revenge on a lazy co-worker that took credit for my work
A Minecraft Minifigure
Great revenge against a cheap, scamming boss.
In 2016, a British man crowdfunded a ten hour film of paint drying in order to force the British Board of Film Classification to watch it, as part of a protest against it. This is due to independent filmmakers needing to pay £1,000 per submission in order to be certified. The film received a U.
Too petty to congratulate me and try to manipulate me with your fake psychic abilities? Enjoy the slow burn.
Rugby tackle me and spray deodorant in my face? Enjoy your suspension.
Show up an hour and a half past your appointment time and yell at my roommate? Okay.
Roommate eats like a broken vacuum in the middle of the night.
Take my batteries , ill take your paper
The Waiting Game
You want me to research? Have you?
Comic Sans as the prettiest of PR tools.
Your scalp is burning? It's ok, I know.
Upset granny gets some of her own medicine
My roommate's story was funny though
Hack my Spotify? Enjoy your children’s music.
Too busy playing the Sims instead of cleaning up after yourself? The wedding is cancelled.
You’re going to be a terrible customer every week? Enjoy your night alone sir!
I told ya but You didnt listen to me
Cheating ex asking to be paid back for Justin Beiber ticket is sent 1p a day
Enjoy waiting an extra 15 seconds.
When your boyfriend doesn't pay attention to you.
Ignore other drivers on the road, prepare to be mildly inconvenienced
I got my college to buy new and bigger trashcans
You want me to cook? Fine, that’s what (all) I’ll do.
Don't be bitchy when you want me to cook for you.
Cut in front me for a drink? Go Right ahead
Kid destroys my 200 member ROBLOX group, so I destroyed his future in a 13k member group.
Hurry up in bumper-to-bumper traffic?
Snapping customer gets served
Brother Harassed me and i threw a book at him
Pettiest of parking revenges - Part 2
Early Saturday morning and these people want to honk their horns repeatedly
Noisy Apartment Neighbors
I blow up my Minecraft neighbor in Minecraft to see if he went through my things in Minecraft.
Daughter gets get her drivers learners permit...I make her learn life lesson
Eat my food and don't leave me any leftovers? Prepare to have your life ruined!
Passive revenge on a mean middle school principal, 5 years later.
A/C out again?? Hehe
You opened the door, but I'm walking through it.
petty revenge on a horrible boss
Lunch break
My wasteful coworker doesn't even realize she's recycling!
Can't text me back? No media for you.
Oh you think your “OLD” computer is slow and you Demand a FAST computer… fine then; Long Winded
I made my mom believe she had no talent at her hobbie.
Don't Let the Door Hit Ya
No sweet tea? Okay then. Deal with the homeless lady
I am out for revenge. I need to know how petty I should get.
Mess with me? Let me introduce you to my dad.
My friend spoiled Avengers endgame for me so I got Revenge
Just say thank you next time...
The Karma Sandwich Of DOOM
Class asshole gets epic suspended
Charging it
Revenge on girl who slept with my ex (help needed)
Blackmail who?
Are the people on this sub really just polite people that have had enough?
You had another guys cum in your mouth
Respect the Campsite
"Why is your windscreen black?"
Please don't leave pee on the seat.
My sister was a bitch....
The upside-down fridge
Can I just say how much I love that 90% of posts here are about parking
Hogging the parking in an apartment
Why you don't want to get on the bad side of 500 elementary schoolers
High Beams
Frisbee toss yo
Insulted by two girls leaving a restaurant, one is arrested for underage drinking moments later
Roommate was stealing underwear so I stuck dog poo in his mattress.
I need to sign a huge bitch up for a ton of spam emails! But will she be able to find out that it was me?
Try and get rid of our dogs? Enjoy your shit.
With the amount of enemies you have, it could be anyone.
Don't steal technology products from me bro
Bully Me I Make you cry
Roommate took the abortion pill, has a shitty friend helping her out.
Got 2 employees fired, nobody can prove it was me.
Ruin my laptop? I'll make you think you need a new one
Got PETTY on a co worker who baited me...
Can I have help with my petty revenge..I’m not sure what to do.
Refuse to pay? You get emails FOREVER.
Lake War
No, you do not get donuts.
I hope you didn't want your towel back...
Be unpleasant to me, I'll make you fat!
Theater revenge.
Taking Out the Trash
Have fun freezing, psycho roommate
Pound on my ceiling, enjoy cold showers.
Stop me from rewarding my dog, get poo in your truck.
Can’t criticise me if I don’t do anything
Craigslist scammer wont back down
I added all the words he couldn't spell into his computer's dictionary.
Ride Arbys drive thru lady
Parked like a-hole w/ window open @ Applebee's
Act like a bully? Say goodbye to your shoe.
Feels gud..
Your kid painted me in puke? No problem, here's a frog, paint your kids and van with all your combined puke!
when my 5 yr old cousin realized I was leaving after only a 3 day visit
He broke the cardinal rule: don't mess with people who handle your food
Oh, you took my deodorant?
Shower revenge
Remember that candy bar I bought you?
Mess with me and I'll make sure you go only the speed limit and nothing more.
My Mother Makes The School Panic For Two Hours
You
The sweetest revenge after getting soaked with a bucket of water
Answer the Door.
Update and a new petty revenge on behalf of my dog.
Scam your way into writing for me when you’ve publicly slagged off my writing? Enjoy having your half-finished work published
Unnecessary honk? Unnecessarily slow.
they hit me with a hammer
Snap at me? I'll waste your time.
Be a racist and annoying douchebag? I will make our teacher hate you for the entire year, and I will make you fail the course too.
Had enough of my roommates eating my food
My husband cheated on me, I told him I’m not nice when people are mean to me.
My maths teacher got annoyed
Cut me off in traffic?
My dad's coworker is an asshole
Please see host for seating.
Scored the highest marks to shut the teacher up
I was in the shower first!
don't get mad at me over nothing...
Bully gets on my nerves? Let the game begin!
Call Code Enforcement on my Dad? Fine. Just be prepared to get the same treatment.
Cheat on me? Enjoy your walk up the stairs!
Seat back and Tray Table Revenge...
Douchebag School Drivers
Flatmate thought he could sneakily use my computer, so I made him a new facebook banner.
Don't make your doctor mad or your arm will hurt
Wiping my ass with my sisters face towel
Door-banging bitch gets a spicy surprise
Annoying customer, let your mouth burn!
Parking Lot Pettiness
Don't Touch My Coke...
You need me more than I need you.
You don't want to put your laundry in the basket and just toss it on the floor? Enjoy smelling like a foot.
HELP.
Double park during a holiday weekend to sell a car?
There ain’t nothing like getting revenge on your sibling.
I don't need your pennies
My pettiest revenge.... on you, and you, and you!
A (Super) Hot and Ready Sandwich for You!
Be rude on the phone? Now you gotta wait!
Retin-A handjob...remember me fondly
Ebay seller scams me so i scam him back.
Gok Wan unknowingly helped me get revenge on a co-worker.
Fun denied on a Drunken Wednesday night
Got mad
Entitled hospital visitors get mad at me for asking them to be quiet and made fun of me. I ended up vomiting blood...
I would like people to raid and mess with these people, they have been rude and unkind.
Spanish class revenge
Revenge a la PS4
Drunk abusive dick wad gets what he deserves after ten years!
I saw an influencer in the wild today.
Not paying his employees probably seemed like a really clever idea at the time...
Getting even with the graduate teaching assistants after they regularly teased me.
You were hoping for a chamber pot?
Blondes, broads and babes
Take this item, but beware it comes with free rhinovirus
Reverse petty revenge
Is ... Is that a midget and a donkey?
Just an idea (unfortunately)
Entitled Parent Meets pettyrevenge
This dirty look will have to do
You just HAD to bang on the door like a cop while we were having sex, huh?
Asshole roommate
Grindr revenge at ex homophobic bully
Seeing these posts about "stealing" your stuff back has inspired to tell my story as well
don’t let me charge my phone? watch what happens next..
Falsely report me for sexual harrassment enjoy coworkers turning on you
I got four strangers asses rubbed on my shoulder because of you.
Have fun paying full price for you haircut
My case of petty revenge
My roommate ate my leftovers that’s I was saving. So the next morning before he left for work I made him a coffee and crushed up a viagra in it. Said he didn’t leave his desk until 3pm.
If you dump a soda in my car I will run over your junk food.
Expect me to clean up and I will not
My Dick is bigger than yours
Subtly trolled my annoying roommates' V-Day pic
Don't steal chairs and this wouldn't have happened.
Taco Bell Descriminated Against My PTSD So...
Don't steal other peoples food
A short tale about a household that doesn't follow the HOA rules, and my lust for petty revenge.
Want to blame me for your child’s failures? Well I guess $50/hour tutor will definitely work then
Eat my food, get locked out
Keep calling me a liar, get an earful
Animal crossing scammer gets some petty revenge
This year I hiked over 2,000 miles as petty revenge.
Screw me out a paycheck by spending all the company money? Cool. I own your business now.
Petty revenge on me for a high school hacking prank
So you don’t have your share of the electric bill, but you have money for a PS5.
Wake me up at 8? Enjoy my cartoons bitch
Man yells at me has to drive back 2 hours for a simple battery repair
Attitude change
Be mean to a sweet old man? Wait just a little longer.
Made Brother Rage Quit
Take my supplies, take my workload!
We don't share alcohol in this house!
People of Walmart Parking Lots
Insult my favorite streamer? Get verbally obliterated.
I added new words to his computer's dictionary.
Men’s Fashion (Free Shipping)
Revenge on the annoying Reddit commenter
"You need to be smacked and smacked hard."
Never pick on someone smarter than you
Roommates from hell
So you want to drink my milk huh
Locked a guy out of his own garage
Petty Revenge
Brother throws pinecone at me I throw a stick at his phone
How revenge was had on my ex
Damn Temperature-Nazi Roommate. He'll think twice next time.
Want to be a dick? I'll show you a dick
My class got a teacher fired!
Don't cry over misspelled words
High school cheater? Here's the wrong answers.
PETTY REVENGE REQUEST! Awkward handsy couple in line at Six Flags!
Don't like my designs? Wear it for the next two years.
Sorry not sorry
How do you like me now Coleen.
Don't give me attitude or I won't organize the cutlery
The Best Revenge Porn
Fucker left me strandedA narcissist's worst nightmare.
Didn't switch your laundry?
What's a little money between friends?
Don't care what he thinks now.
Free installation scam, let me make a final adjustment.
Forgive me Father for I have sinned...
A cashier's revenge
Petty Revenge at loud moviegoers
Don't lie on your resume
Those Aren't for you!
Keep giving showing in my apartment with no notice?...Have fun explaining the vibrators, condoms, and handcuffs to all of your clients
Good luck getting usable footage.
Random newsletters
Santa isn’t Real, Kid. Have Fun, Mom
I waited 2 hours, she only waited 15 minutes, why so mad?
Stop being an asshole on the bus, or I'll spoil final fantasy 7 for you.
My fiance cheated on me with my friend...
How do I get the shithead next door to pay?
Hotel Revenge
Revenge on a fellow redditor
The chicken stew that saved the world
Don't want to let me merge? Then I'm sure you won't mind me making your journey quite a bit longer
Look at my dick, get denied warcraft time with your girlfriend.Bought a rubber dingy that broke quickly, petty revenge is implemented.
Christmas shopping is fun.
An old story
You have no right to my spot
Cloudy with a chance of PettyRevenge
How I got revenge on my step sister for hurting me for years without her even knowing
Road rage petty revenge.
Guy hired less than 5 minutes ago throws out my coffee and complains he doesn't like it.
Leave me to constantly pick up your slack? Not anymore!
Flip the bird? Almost get run off the road.
The Theraputic Wait
Please return this page with payment.
Revenge on a bully that I not only got away with, but got him berated for it instead
Talk down to me? Have fun working your shift!
Won't Lock the Door to the Room, Enjoy Having it Empty
Don't move up the line at a drive-thru when everyone else is? Get cut off.
Female hating on my long hair
Whine about a short girl standing in front of you at a concert? Enjoy a much taller guy in front of you.
My bully ended up humiliating himself in front of the whole class.
Delivering Pizza After Closing Petty Revenge
Five years later
Received multiple calls from a number and they wouldn't tell me who they are...
Idiot roommate loses kitchen privileges.
Publicly humiliate me, then I will publicly humiliate YOU
You're gonna use the buzzer. And you're gonna like it.
Parking with no distance next to my driveway? Enjoy opening your car
Tag me on FaceBook to harass a girl? I'll harass your school.
Be a shitty roommate? I'm gonna take a soda.
Insider trade-in comes back to haunt Manager.
Crazy lady tries to steal my dog instantly regrets it
Take that, Charlie
A kid called my girlfriend a bitch after my girlfriend let them go ahead of us in a crosswalk.
Make me uncomfortable? Two can play that game.
Laxatives
Karma might be a thing ? *Roadrage incident*
Don't pay me for the job, you don't get to play pool.
Doctor's Office Revenge
Doughnuts
Spawn Camping? Have fun by yourself.
Worker makes up excuses as to why they can’t do the work they’re supposed to be doing. I’m leaving. Thanks to a typo in the program, Worker needs to correct my projects. Now manager can prove Worker isn’t working.
Revenge on a self-proclaimed "gourmant"
Fungus on the back fence
Jobs worth security guy owned.
I Fed The Bitch Dog Treats...
Throw stuff at my car? I'll show you
My front step is not a fire hydrant.
Lesson in common courtesy
Don't mess with my coffee
Suspect me of being a predator? Now you can smell my dirty bag and pull the filthy pubes off your purse.
Classic email prank
"Excuse me, you're dog dropped something"
Old roommate took my GF of a drug deal unknowingly
Slap my dog will you?
A girl​ yells at me over a chair calls me a B behind my back... and my little revenge.
How dare you assault my beloved family pet...
You called me gay
Moderator refuses to allow my question. I politely argue with logic 'til muted.
The bi$ch in the workhouse
Revenge is a dish best served... with a side of ketchup.
Block the ski piste? Get a wave of snow all over you.
take my shit? well, f you too then!
How I took revenge for annoying college girls
Have fun picking up all those cents, jerk
Have some spiders, arseholes
Ignore the fact my friend has cerebral palsy, we make the bus ride a pain up the arse
Coach/teacher benched me because of my sick mom, so blackmailed him for an B.
Killing them just to inconvenience them
You want to skip the line? Prepare to get thrown out.
Rude Bus Driver
Opportunistic revenge.
Use my furniture for free? Sit on the floorA bit delayed
Oh you don't have change for $100? We'll see about that....
What’s another word for ‘cat’?
Eat my food out the fridge? Enjoy ghost pepper sauce under the cheese of my leftover pizza
My payback on my sister &gt;:)
bathroom was for customers only. Spent $4 and took one for the team.
Taxi Driver Revenge
My neighbor always parks in front of the stop sign, blocking most of the intersection. He got what's coming to him.
My older brother used to be such a dick to me when we were younger..
Ignore my personal space? Enjoy your new scar.
The line cutter
Friend gets petty revenge in an amazing way
Park like a jerk, get a dent.
Make fun of me? Your hand will be uncomfortable for the rest of the semster
Devalue my work and be unappreciative of my efforts? Unleash the poop-revenge
Don't be an asshole
Hit on girls on public transit? Get called out for it.
Rickrolled a call center in India
Borrow and deliberately lost my stationary,now you need to buy new stationary every single day
Annoying Flatmates? Heavy metal!
Postmaster does not like wet package. Me neither.
It's 00:01, again??
Asshole gets put in a hole (metaphorically)
Loud obnoxious neighbours petty revenge
Co-worker isn't flexible with vacation plans, so I get her back
Being dickish to a former Subway employee?
Maybe they’ll change their forwarding address now!
Revenge on people breaking quarantine and 6 foot distance
Cheating girlfriend gets a hilarious comeuppance
Want revenge
The Story of the "Golden" Ticket
this dude tried to cut in front of me in the supermarket
Rude Teacher Revenge
Heyhey
Drunk College Roommate Revenge, or How Did These Get Here?
Humiliated best friend's ex
I was a slightly petty child
Fear and Loathing in Wal-Mart
I shall avenge you, right ear.
Call me an ass and get burned
Googly-eyed revenge
I'll teach you a lesson no matter how small you are.
Gonna be a crappy girlfriend/ex? You just got outbid and now don’t get anything
She attacked my friends, we ended her reign
Roommate's utter laziness just causes him more 'agonizing' effort in the long run
I got some guy in a video game banned because he had previously wronged me.
Make racist comments about me? Well, lady, you can eat a fart.
Pool hall vomit
Choke on my shit
Washing my hands sucks, Dad
Throw snow all over our yard after we ask you to stop? Enjoy the solid ice.
I was told that music posted to Reddit isn't worth listening to, because it is terrible music. So I spent the last year trying to prove that statement wrong. I have listened to 14,000 songs posted to Reddit by independent artists. Whenever I ran into one that blew me away I added it to this archive
Leasing agent wasted my time, so I returned the favor.
A fool and his tools are soon parted
A short story about one of my teachers
Your tiny-ass car does NOT need two spaces.
Queen bitch looking like a fool
I need your help! I need my small victory.
Petty revenge for a toxic friend
I have to move pretty much everything? Okay.
The bell tower
I bless the rains down in Africa!
Be an ass? I'll spell your name wrong
Deleted his pokemon game. He never got the chance to catch them all.
Even in my dreams I get my revenge
Don't fuck with a sound designer
Can't be bothered to when open? Fine, I hope you enjoy getting the wrong flavor!
Exposed my manager for being a registered pedophile
I pissed in my ex boyfriend's sister's body wash
Why did Billy have to break my metallic silver?
Difficult customer gets a stinky surprise
Spanish Class Presentations
The family that conspires together...stays together.
Complain about having to prepay? Hope you like paying more.
Email etiquette
My DIY neighbour
I Needed To Get By
/r/pettyrevenge hits 200K subscribers
It's just a game. It's not my fault you suck.
Break up with me via email?
Want to cry over the tv ok have it
Family friend who made fun of my sisters infertility
The scooter looks better on the back of a tow truck anyway.
I cleaned out five oven mitts and an entire drawer of dishes.
People should gather outside of the White House and chant “Lock him up”. The look on Trumps face would be too good. Might make the last four years worth it
Old man steals my place in line
Ride my ass on the highway? Have fun getting pulled over.
You scammed me? This is what you deserve.
A little travel pettiness
Using me to not pay? Enjoy being late to work.
Don't want to let me over when my lane is ending? Hope you weren't in a rush...
very funny petty revenge (at least in my books)
Attack my ankles while I carry my newly finished project to its place in the living room?? Have fun re grooming yourself before your nap.
To expose a cheater or not?
I set up the guy who cut me off in double turn lane to get speeding ticket.
I want to publish bikini photos of my internet girlfriend at her school...
Smells like Revenge
Poopie Toothbrush: Petty revenge on my own kid
*NEED SOME ADVICE* I'm done being nice it's time to get #petty
My sister's boyfriend
7th grade me: 1 Bully: 0
Lights off and lane closed sign up, must mean it's still open?
Disturb an area where there are Great Horned Owls, Ospreys, and Marmots? Hey, have fun in the middle of a river courtesy of a pissed bird of prey.
Untidy surprise for my entitled step-mum
Creepy guy who took advantage of me while intoxicated tells all my new friends we had sex, I tell them how gross he really was; he loses another D&amp;D group.
We tried to help a guy. He was a total asshole. He later realizes he should have listened.
Bully Gets Her Foot Crushed
Lie and ruin my life and you get a ticket for tinted windows.
Try to use language barrier to get a better deal, I'll raise the price.
Just the fax, Ma'am.
The annoying brother
Punked
She has a mustache
Act rude to me during an anxiety attack? Enjoy your trip ending horribly.
Drag my family into your drama? Enjoy restricted internet.
What seat did he puke on?
Aggressive driver? I'll email your boss.
What can you do at 14 if you stole an autistic kid's phone and your stepmom came up to your school and started hitting you on the behind with a hairbrush and nobody stopped it?
Lemonade and salt do not go well together
A tale of spicy revenge from 30 years ago
Smells like garlic spirit
Rude patron
Would you like fries with your revenge?
I introduce myself politely, you suck your teeth and walk away. Game on.
You think your Keeping me Late?
Petty revenge in the making(need ideas!)
Student's spelling revenge today
You wanna talk shit? Lets talk shit.
Dick punches me, almost gets expelled
Cut my pay? Fine by me
Hope you found your peace
This is not a troll post.
Start a fight about me being rude? Well only toward you!
"This bitch is gonna hit me with her car!!"... Well, if you insist!
An Oldie But A Goodie
Emergency Revenge
Clay fight!
A friendly wave for a special driver
Toddler's revenge
How can I take revenge on the worst customer ever? Only have his Facebook profile, no numbers or addresses
My dog ran away for a couple hours tonight.
Mind managing your budget better?
This is not your personal parking spot.
You want to be a shitty roommate? Okay, but...
I was pretty petty.
My ex cheated on me with three guys
She deleted me, so I blocked her.
Hey man, I'm on vacation! (repost from /r/MaliciousCompliance)
Shadow
Old couple tries to start shit. Gets owned. (Crosspost from TalesFromRetail)
"Looks like we need mom here to show daddy how it's done."
When windshield washer fluid attacks
Dirty sock revenge
Wedding heels
Co-worker turns my life to hell. Gets her contract terminated one week after reporting her.
Steal my WiFi and likes GoT ? Enjoy the Spoiler
Bully my friend? I'll blow up your phone
Customer Thinks I Don't Want To Help
Fuck with me bully and get your ass beat.
Some problems should have ended in middle school
The rebuffed Psycho ex is ruining my future
Worst roommate ever
Jealous Yu-Gi-Oh card.
You don't want to listen to me, enjoy being sick!
You want to waste my time? Enjoy me getting the things you wanted.
Refuse to come to our wedding? I'll make you look at photos all day.
Fast food co-worker revenge, well-done
Got revenge on a book-burner in HS.
Reporting a bully for Misdemeanor.
My little brother has a habit of talking behind my back
1-800-ASK-USPS about how annoying I can be.
What goes around comes around
Tldr
Corrupt politicians
How Fabio ruined a relationship
The petty piñata party
Packed in Paris
Asshole took up three spots
I just got the ultimate petty revenge
Never start it but always end it
Lovely day for a stroll
“It’s FINE.”
Bully me? Fine I get s longer summer
Call the police on me? Have your car towed.
Please help me, bitch lies and gets people in trouble
nothing usual. gf cheated on me while i was at work.
A couple of surprises for an unpleasant landlord
Anne Oleszczuk
The best revenge is all in the timing
My revenge on a line cutter.
Hope you have fun digging through the garbage!
Crackhead Gropes old woman and gets kicked off the bus.
Fuck around in my store? Say goodbye to your scooters.
Concert girl
Don't help me with YOUR chore? You're getting tickled.
Don’t ever give me one star.
"Get out of my way!"
Can’t be bothered to use the toilets, be prepared to get wet.
Rude Customers.
Petty 'Pro' Revenge (Literally)
Talk during the movies, will you?
"We waited..."
Too famous to pay a small bill? We will waste all your ink
My brother cold cocked me because I got him to admit ("his method of") practicing Islam is basically brainwashing. I want sweet asskicking revenge that he won't blame me for.. Right sub? Thoughts?Well. He won't be opening my mail ever again
Who keeps striking my posts down? (Non-story post)
Pettiest of parking revenges
A Gaggle of Geese
Roommates and toilet paper rolls.
SIL make fun of me? You get only text for your birthday.
Students get teacher fired for making them suffer in the cold
Use my stuff without permission? Yea go right ahead enjoy that.
Make me sit in the car wash? I'll make you sit in my fart.
Won't pay me back on time? It'll cost you
Don't follow simple directions and talk down to me, fine enjoy sitting in an oven.
You've Made a Very Pettiful Enemy
Need Advise for a Scammer "Landlord"
I don't care if you're a child, if you're ignorant to those around you, I'll get you in trouble.
Roommate hasn't paid bills in month
No backpacks, but she can carry a picnic hamper sized handbag?
Simple but effective.
Guy gropes my girlfriend on the dance floor, I get extra handsy revenge
Be obnoxious in the checkout line? Don't mind if I don't mess with your car.
Eat shit, old man.
Driving like an idiot
Very petty and small but felt good
Don’t steal candy from me
Revenge on sister
Park in my reserved parking spot? Enjoy wasting your time
Don't screw with the designated driver.
My friend's ex gf tried to prevent our performance so we dressed in drag and switched characters
Very petty (and shitty) revenge
Offensive Flatulence
Mess with my console? I poop on your carpet!
Bookstore owner tried to rip me off, friends get some revenge.
Petty revenge on my co-worker
Steal my Gatorades? Face a bitter and sour fate.
Two Can Play This Game
good luck with your 'no public bathrooms' policy
Bully punches Ed-Bully wears cast for 4 monthsLow ratings, sucka!
Vengeance was ours!
Enjoy your speeding ticket annoying tailgater.
Road-raging tailgater, meet Laws of Physics.
Neiman-Marcus ripped me off, refused to give me a refund. So I leak their best recipe
Disregard my effort? Well, I ruin your precious notebook
Insult my tea will you?
Call me fat? I'll call you fat!
Don't like my nightlight well they can multiply
Soap for sass? Try your own medicine!
Steal My food? Im going to remind you everyday with mail
What is your final destination?
Annoy me after I ask you to stop? Let me introduce your face to the floor.
Take up 2 of the 3 parking spots? Don't expect to leave.
Leave a Mess for Me?
Crappy teacher ignores me, I get the entire class to ignore her!
Hit me with your buggy because you want to get out of the store before me? Have fun being stuck behind me.
Colleague tries to embarrass me. Doesn’t know my background, gets a taste of their own medicine
Looking for help getting some petty revenge!
Prison Healthcare
Boots or teeth?
You want food one minute before we close? sure thing!
Annoying neighbors playing music at MIDNIGHT
A mother trucker the school instructor.
Drown out my music with yours, I play the long game!
Petty revenge in the movie theatre.
All customers under 35 will be asked for I.D.
Radio station caller revenge.
Getting back at our loud neighbors
Don't talk at the Movies
You threaten me, I steal your girl.
Unfortunately, parental controls only do so much...
Take forever to dry your hands? Keep trying.
Don't like me saying "Have a good morning/afternoon" ? Guess what...
Go back on your word about a rental car? Enjoy the new bluetooth device name
If you're a jerk to the gas station clerk he'll make you pay that last 3p even if you have to break a £10. Bonus revenge: call the police on the clerk and they'll post the audio of your call!
Friend's mom loses it on me for using her decorative soaps. I get revenge by stinking the place up a bit.
Language Barrier
"I broke up with you now let me keep your stuff!"
Don’t push ReligionDick-ocalypse
Don't snap at me just because my opinion's different.
Welcome to the Working World Son
My co-worker will be famous
Don't pay for your food? Get out then
Petty Revenge when I was young that seemed like Sweet Justice
Modern technology is so much fun.
Potential LandLady from Hell
Stupid logic
My ‘friend’ gets ANGRY because I give her advice for her bearded dragons, wont leave me alone..
Don’t want to do your work? Okay.
Want to block me from getting to the gas pump?
How my brother spent the summer without his Xbox.
Getting back at the Guy who tried to get with my girlfriend continuously for 6 months. Please help!
Your name is stupid and I hate you
Don't cheat on mom after 14 years
Help me plot revenge.
Operation Curbstomp
Take away my stuff? I take away the internet.
Enjoy your tea!
Personal Crow Army
You'll wait your turn, and then some.
I have a bitch for a coworker, these are a few of the petty things I've done to get back at her.
No extras for you.
Call me a kid and you'll run in the heat
Enjoy your grass stained textbooks
Alexa; Play Bitches Ain't Shit by Dr. Dre
Revenge on Bad boss
My mom is awesome
Revenge on lazy group project members.
Dads petty revenge on Aunt
Dad messes with me, dad doesn't get links.
Don't want to wait for pedestrians? Too bad.
Change?
Don't be rude to those trying to help you
Try and bully me in school? Come meet my older brother.
Ex boyfriend Revenge
Be rude to me and you get crushed groceries.
I know she cries every time she gets them.
Bully who locked me in a drain and pissed on me gets karma 14 years later
Wanna wake me up in the middle of the night? enjoy having no blankets
Awful school admin suddenly photogenic
Delete my save file? I delete your World!
Embarassing my annoying coworker after 2 months of them trying to lord over me :)
Smoked Ass
Teacher can't admit he's wrong? I'll show him...
I went to Coney Island, NY...
Stop stealing my stuff, and I'll stop hiding your electronics.
My best friend was sleeping on my birthday.
Get my friend kicked out of school and make me feel like shit i'll make the rest of your time at this place shit
Eat my food? Then you can't eat mine.
Throttling my internet? Let's update all the apps in my phone using mobile network
Don't steal my Hot Pockets
Put something where I can't reach it? I'll put something where you can't see it!
A simple pedestrian's vicarious revenge.
My apartments thought they could force me to pay for repairs of broken internet wiring in their walls. NOT TODAY!
COVID Set Up My Revenge
My revenge on a girl in school that broke my leg
4 years down the drain
Share my pillow? Feel my wrath.
Brazilian Family gets what they deserve
EX was an asshole, so i made him pay, literally.
Try to steal a space? Nope!
My housemate kept me up last night. I'm returning the favor.
Your jeans
I Threw a Party as Crazy Jerk's Legacy Burned Down in Front of Him
Enjoy your red lights
Just got out of my car with my family when a woman threw a juice box on the floor...
It's raining. Move your damned car.
Through thick and thin
Block our ability to park in our parking spots? Say hello to parking enforcement for me!
Something stanky
Rope swing assholes can swing at the park
Burn motherf*cker!
Paid with prayers.
Shoulda gave me that position
Steal my food, good luck sleeping
I got the personal number of the director for a telemarketing company.
My art is what now?
Go onto my xbox and delete my games without permission while I'm takin a shite? Fine then, enjoy the communication ban!
i was bullyed in school by others and parents,got all of them arrested
NYE Firework Show - The Invader of Personal Space
Petty revenge on my cats
Guy gets revenge on his mean friend by destroying his iPod
Roommate Fallout
Set the alarm and don't tell me? I know your secrets!
Man grades ex-girlfriend's apology letter and sends it back
When I spent my last ten bucks to buy something first
Petty revenge on my wife
Chat my SO up, prepare to be played
Can’t Wait for a Table Like Everyone Else? Byeee
Bully my best friend and hit me in the face? Enjoy being expelled.
Stealing my limited time with my GF? Not on my watch
Break my computer? I'll steal yours!
Ramon?
Upset that I didn't give her "enough" birthday presents
Rainbow 6 seige
Parking is for residents only!
My brother doesn’t let me have my drink?
Ditch me on a ride home. Enjoy the endgame spoilers
Mess my friend around? I'll undo the help he gave you
Oh so you're going to be an immature, spoiled brat, how about some brutal honesty?
"EXXCUUSSEE ME, BUT I WAS NEXT IN LINE"
unexpected construction zone for your morning commute
Keep me up at night. Miss your work alarm.
double dip salsa
I use dairy products and sneak bits of meat into vegan dishes whenever they are ordered at the restaurant where I work.
HR director puts my desk in front of her office door like a child
Roommate was complaining about me not helping pay for HER groceries
Steal my work? no grade for you!
Send me a passive aggressive email after my review, I’ll change my review to reflect the same
My brother read my diary, so I found revenge in the laundry
Stay of the property old man.
I hope my lunch thief enjoys spicy food.
Lunch Ladies Ruined Our Lunch Time I Try To Rebel
Mom abused me and I got her arrested
Respect my right to cross the road!
Office Petty Revenge
r/entitledparents meets r/pettyrevenge.
Moving out, want to make some timed stink bombs or other timed things to return the favor to my roommate from hell.
Camping
Waitress revenge
Spoil My Show, I will Spoil Yours
From a news article: Teenager who was fat-shamed at a bakery gets revenge by buying EVERY cupcake in the shop to spite the woman behind her in the queue who taunted her
Gay Porn Revenge
Pube face
Petty Placement
Jhdiddjdbbdnx
Take up too much legroom on the bus? Hope you don't miss your train connection!
Need to sign my ex-roommate up for spam calls
He destroyed my Highschool years, i destroyed his futer
Small Water Heater and Lazy Roomates
My dad was being an asshole...
My friend's story of cheating vengeance
Honk at me inside a car wash and see what happens!
The time I won against a Karen... with mac and cheese.
Don't always assume that a towel in somebody's bathroom is for public use, or clean.
I TOLD YOU to take me off your mailing list!
My 9 year old’s petty revenge
No, but you can have my..
Revenge served cold (without garnish)
Bubble wrap vengence
exact change
Best Breakup Story
Tangerine Wheel
Leave your old couch in the apartment commons for a month? Let me help you with that...
Push me out of the way, you can clean up.
Don't dump your daughter and then abandon your car
My ex gf pretty website
Noisy Neighbor Gets Escorted By The Police
A Dude Bullied Me For Years So I Surprisingly Make Him Cry
Touch my laundry? Wait 50 minutes.
My GF's father doesn't know he got what he deserved... Mildly My SO will find me slightly less sexy tonight.
Car ride revenge
Sexist and abusive to my apprentice? Enjoy your repair bill.
Impatient and aggressive? Get in line!
Dont give me a cookie? I guess you dont want one from me or my school then?
Stressed Lady on the subways stairs.
Treat me mean and I'll cream in your conditioner
What should I️ do?
GLORIOUS revenge on my childhood bully for 9 years of bullying and a revoked birthday party invitation
Advice on how to troll a scammer on Autoscout24
Gang on me just cause of an elevator? Have fun not using it at all
My Snapchat sucks? Oh OK.
I sent an email!
Scary feelings.
Cut the grass again.
Yell at me? No internet on your phone!
Helping a classmate take revenge on her cheating boyfriend!
Can't read the sign? Let me help.
Turn on us and stole our loot? Enjoy getting demolished.
Bully get destoyed by me and the teacher is a plot
Special Delivery for my slob roommate!&lt;3
Bully me after being friends? Enjoy the DDos.
Suddenly the way I'm working your report isn't good enough for you?
What is Obama doing now?
Keep your alarm clock blaring all day? Enjoy Narnia!
Hit me with a golf club, ILL SCAR YOU FOR LIFE (literally)
That'll teach you not to lie!
I am not a dog person.
Ignore height limit signs and my warnings? Enjoy waiting for the firemen to come rescue you.
Let me deal with your collections calls when we no longer live together? Not happening.
The sweetest of customer revenge stories.
Don't Drink and Eat your roomies chicken strips.
Revenge, cat-style
Headphones and death stares in elevator? Enjoy your ride.
Don't touch my food
Salting the Earth
You won’t clean up your mess? Enjoy sleeping in it.
The most passive-aggressive thing I've ever done
Get trolled art stealer.
Ah you came back for more
Leave your trash outside my room? Suffer my wrath!
I Get back at my bully barely and he is now staying away from me
Sorry, couldn't hear you...
Bully gets exposed by me, gets expelled and has to repeat a grade
You're rude AND you want to mess with my cash register? Let me take my sweet time giving you back even more coins.
So you wanted silence?
“Could you be quick, im in a rush”
post my number on snap ok.
Snow means slow!
I was told to post this here. "Late stage revenge"
Nope, I haven't seen your
Brother pisses me off says goodbye to toothbrush
Dirtiest Tricks! http://www.dirtiesttricks.com/dirty-tricks/character-destruction-site/
Threaten me with at will employment? I can exercise that right too.
The bully gets terrified
Dad keeps downing everything good thing in the house. How much laxatives should I spike our coke bottles with?
Gay, sexually aggressive boss doesn't like me rejecting his advances.
Great shortcut you just took to your nye party.
I was able to get the phone number of the person who stole my credit card and drained $1000. How do I fuck with them?
Avenging my sandwich with a double kill
You want coffee? I'll give you coffee.
destroy my airsoft guns well then no more nuts for you
Steal my pens and pencils, fine I’ll ruin your phone and backpack!
Have fun finding your soccer ball
Seeking revenge on hoe who slept with ex knowing he was attached (help needed)
Laugh at a deaf girl? I’ll embarrass you in front of your coworkers
Guy is a complete a-hole on the road, his texting and driving causes an accident, I pull over to give police a report on what I saw so he doesn't drive again for a while.
To the twat that keeps parking in my spot at the office... bet."I know what I'm doing". Well so do I.
The time John Heisman beat a team 222-0 in football because they cheated him in baseball.
My blood pressure has gone down significantly.
My sweet revenge on my 6th grade English teacher
Long Term Petty Revenge
My father is an asshole I truely admire
Inconsiderate couple occupies two of our three assigned seats on flight. My wife and toddler had to sit several rows behind me and our four month old. I made the grouchy couple’s flight miserable with my crying baby.
Queen Entitled gets the seat she wanted
If you can't wait your turn, you will lose your cart.
"If you blow that straw one more god damn time!"
Lady yells at me for parking "too close" instead of asking me to move nicely. I waste her time by going to take a dump
I get back at two executives at my job by pitting them against one another
This one was hecka petty
Got some petty revenge today
Let Kids Steal My Stuff? I'll Steal Yours
Aftercare Aid Thinks She Can Shit on Kids; We Prove Her Wrong
School bus driver pulls friends hair
Girl threatens to accuse me of rape
The time my brother got his revenge...on me
Petty pizza delivery revenge indeed
Sandwich Pettiness
Built a website to shame my friend’s ex
Banoffee Pie
Series 7 karma
Showing up a jealous backseater
I signed up all the teachers I hated in high school to Jehovah's Witness news letters
Sassy kid
Be a needy b**** and I'll over cook your chicken.
Low level teasing equals low level revenge, but it feels great.
Nut Crushing
Slow down bitch tits
Dog Poop Bomb
"Track everything"
Using me to nail that important test? No, instead almost fail the entire year.
My sister gets mad at my dad because of how he made her coldplate
Sometimes the Military Can’t Reform a Thirsty Teen
College Master threatens "underage" student. Humiliation ensues.
A short tale of mindless, petty revenge in battlefield 1.
Try to make me bleed? How bout you get a fracture?
Tailgating Wanker
You steal from me have fun trying to get your clothes
What? Another phone call?
Blame me for "not doing my job"? Fine. Then don't expect me to do YOUR job
Damnit..... Fair enough
Petty Deadpool Revenge
Don't Block My Driveway
Harass my family with false noise complaints? Joke's on you.
No manners? No free drinks.
Try to fuck my girlfriend? I'll fuck up your drum set.
Bully me...then I will wear your slippers!
Roommate drew on my white board, so I retaliated.
Tax office gives me a stupid $1000 fine - I get my revenge years later
Scam a kid out of money by pretending to be a fundraiser? Have fun losing everything you made.
Please stop acronyms
Here's a story about my 9th grade Spanish class bully.
Cheating Husband
Continuously let your child steal? Have fun driving an hour for milk!
Parking spots
Sexually harassing my best friend's friend? Have fun learning in a preschool of hell!
Did you just honk at me?! Huh, ok.
No pizza for you!
Try and get me fired, I'll turn your shit sideways
Thanks for making my dog happy!
The BGD &amp; the Coffee Code
Bully me? I will remind you decades later what a terrible person you are.
Hit my parked car - enjoy cleaning your windshield for 30 minutes
Don’t grab me by the p***y, I grab back. And I won’t be gentle!!!
Tell me I need to be punished for someone else's crimes? Get less than your item is worth.
On having to pay for a dine and dash
Airliner Linecutter
Write a thousand word Essay? Coming right up.
(Online game) Steal my hard to get wood? Ill make all of "your" wood fly away!
Screenshots still working as intended
Forced my landlord to change the internet speed &amp; router
DOGS POOP ON OUR GARDEN IN PLAIN VIEWAsshole Driver tailgates me and eats it.
Leave me to move your stuff out for you? Hope you like unpacking.
Curse at my crew, no soup for you!
Adios Muchacha
Revenge is a hot beverage that tastes like Tea.
Don't you dare steal my newspaper
I'm a secret escort, and a former client tried to blackmail me...
I'll make sure I don't spend my "life savings" on a bed
Revenge on the bosses nephew
Revenge on a pathological liar and rampant sexist with a penchant for making stuff up about sex on tombstones.
Not my money back, but at least you had a bad weekend.
Girlfriend cheated on me and went behind my back numerous times, so I'm putting a photo of her on the web.
Dumped petty revenge
Isn't it you who should be paying the tax?
Asshat needs a new phone
Down With The Duchess
One of each
Hide and Seek
Call and bark orders at me instead of speaking to me like a human? Enjoy.
If you keep forgetting to put your dishes in the dishwasher, I'll 'forget' to wash your laundry.
Dump me with your kid, enjoy the nagging.
Mess with me, I mess with your pictures.
My landlord is a control freak | PHASE II
Health Class Revenge
Snobby Daughter And her Mother
Helped end an ex's engagement, feeling amazing.
Scammed, then Pranked. Need advice for Revenge !
a very wet story???
I’m gonna get you to say the n-word
Think My Mom's House Is Yours? Enjoy the Smell!
Revenge spoilersDisturb me while writing an important exam? Then you will suffer.
I got yelled at today for not being in the bike lane.
Honk at me? Enjoy the wait!
Won’t be quiet late at night? Ok, I won’t be quiet early in the morning.
Take 2 handicapped spaces? You must be handicapped.
Roommate's boyfriend moves in for free
Walk in the middle of the aisle in a parking lot? I'll return the favor.
Put the toilet seat down!
I saw this on fb and thought I'd share it with you guys
Tenants above me have been banging and slamming since 8am. It's now midnight and I can't sleep so I've been playing them a bedtime audiobook on repeat for the last 20 minutes.
Puppy Revenge From The Grave
The ultimate revenge! Scorned wife sends her cheating husband a box of horse FECES after discovering he was having an affair with a woman less than half his age
Gradual Clothing Relocation
My last upstairs neighbor was in a band and practiced drums above me.  Eventually he/she found a partner and had frequent depressingly short sex.  Neighbor damages my property, I prove to him that he's an asshole without damaging anything.
Random Party
You don't like bugs? Oh, sorry.
How I kept an annoying bully up on Halloween.
Block the whole road and get mad at me when I ask you to move? Now I'll move slow
Litter from a bus? Get your trash back, wetter this time.
I'll teach you to keep those sticky little fingers to yourself.
Witty Remark Needed
When I was a young child, we lived in a two apartment house. Our neighbors were upstairs and we had a stairway from the first floor to the attic on the third floor. Ma got pissed that she could hear the neighbors above having sex. She let us ride our big wheels in the attic for hours.
Have fun with those links, bitch!
How I stuck it to the big banks
Don't give strangers your address
Teacher doesn't want kids to continually go to the bathroom after lunch
Got Revenge on my distribution company
Don't you ever take advantage of Aunt Jane.
Thanks for the beer!
Do your own folding then...
be nice to your servers.
Rotten duck for slum landlord.
Falsely Accuse My Foster Dad Of Abuse I'll Mess With Your PSN Account
A hospital charge for something that should have been covered
Being a prick? Say goodbye to your stupid notebook
Don't annoy the man who is MOTing your car...
morning coffee revenge
Vegan cousin gets what she deserves
Popular donut shop gets a little ice for their coffee.
Fuck your New Years Eve.
I told the gossip the truth and now I'm looked at as fucking awesome.
Friend ignore me, so i make him think he's going to get some
CapitalOne won't stop mailing me? You're getting your letters back filled with glitter
brace yourself: it's a poop story
Petty road rage
Make my life hell? I’m not going down. (Stink bombing my school and bullies)
Not let me have any bacon? Oh dear brother you made a mistake
Leave your phone on the table? Also leave a bad tip? Sorry I didn't catch you in time....
Apparently being an asshole in person extends to while driving.
Won't pay your share?  Fuck your sleep!
Mess with my friend, I mess with your neurosis.
Have fun waiting, jerk.
A classmate made fun of my phone, got his taken away.
You steal my lunch? I SET YOUR MOUTH ON FIRE!
A Server's Nightmare
That time I was a ghost
Do you HAVE to stand so close?
Grab the cue ball off the table, your day will come.
Watch who you overcharge...
Suggestions on revenge for a procrastinating shipper?
Blow up this mans phone please he is a scammer and sells what he scams for
Phone identity crisis
Acorn tree seeds are great revenge for emotionally manipulative people
On my way to school this morning I was being tailgated.
Man Copyrights Baseball Team Name Because He Doesn't Like It
Never tell Nirvana what to do.
Karma's a birch
Being rude to your delivery man? Guess who's not getting their package
Oh, you think you can stop me from leaving? Hold my beer.
Don’t check your proporty line? Not our problem!
Don't piss off the delivery driver!!!
mess with my friend? get through me first
Leave all your stuff where people walk? Enjoy the sand!
I made you mad, huh?
Keep stealing my sugar, I'll ruin that cup of coffee you just paid for.
You annoy me ? I ,,destroy“ your knees
Ditch me, Ditch you
I don’t like change, but you might like the contents of my stomach
My favorite
Parked in my driveway, never again.
Karma strikes yet again
Exclusive MyPC Backup 100GB Online Storage coupon (Store Files, Photos, Videos, Documents)
I don't know what to say...
Sorry, no food for you.
You'll never get that 8 minutes of your life back, bitch
You puke on the floor, no food for you.
I hope your email servers choke!
Coworkers getting dirty together, try to get me fired end up loosing their jobs
Avenge me, my six-legged minions! (kinda long)
Had a teacher get "extended sick leave."
She Was Warned
An update to my someone asked for nudes post.
"Shut up! I know!" Here's a crazy idea, park in the parking lot!
You cheated on me? I'm going to blow up your house.
Group Project Payback
Fight me, Linda
I'm a tall freak eh?
Hate garlic? Got it!
Revenge on a middle aged psycho who's been harassing me.
Petty revenge on a bully
청주오피〈일산오피－신세계〉b a m w a r 1 0 . 컴▷ㅣ 밤의전쟁 ㅣ◁군포오피
My senator's petty revenge on me...
Use my email to set up a new account, Get trolled
Don't Be A Snot
Sorry to interrupt your sleep, princess.
If you want the manager to know everything you do, he shall know EVERYTHING you do
Something is Fishy
"Chat shit get banged"
So, I got a little carried away cause Bruh_man called me a whore
going to bully me for 4 years and expect to get away with it? hope you don't need those papers.
How to get fired and then earn 3.5 times as much for the same job
Silent bank revenge
Make fun of a cashier with a speech impediment? Enjoy some extra time in line.
Bringing a knife to a gun fight.
Airline Representative gets embarrassed
Does anyone know of a legit spam app I can use to retaliate against scammers
A story from a welder.
What's your best revenge story?
Anytime a typically older customer tells me their email address is all-lowercase@oldlady.com I make sure to send the message as ItDoEsNtMaTtEr@oldlady.com
Got revenge on my primary school bully.
You complain about someone taking a long time at the register, I'll just make you wait longer
Taking furniture out of awful tenants house
My car salesman was an asshole, so I signed him up for car sales inquiry call lists.
My best friend saw a first showing of Endgame last night and immediately texted spoilers to her cheating ex. (No spoilers in story.)
Dirty towel in the sink? I don't think so
Asking for petty ideas!
Your lawn is so nice. It'd be shame if...
Angry gamer brother
Pick on me, and other kids for years? Have fun getting humiliated.
A pedophile constantly asked/begged me for art and slowly asked for more information!
The Wal-Mart Decider
Waste our time while somebody else needs an ambulance? Enjoy your wet socks for the rest of the night.
Getting the last word on the dishes
Revenge at my 4
carzy lady at STOP and SHOP
Flatmate can't stop checking up on me
Guess the big G stopped him in his tracks.
Older does not make you wiser
Revenge with dubstep
"Hurry up! Play some games!" said the voice over the intercom.
Someone called our house today with the infamous Windows Scam. I managed to record the call. It always makes me laugh.
Passive Aggressive GF
Make me wait? Have a taste of your own medicine.
Sweet Sweer Petty Revenge
Smug guys brag that they did better than us in a competition
Cheating Aunt Got What she Deserved
Always be nice to the person responsible for your comfort for the next 5 hours.
My mom's revenge when we slept late
Revenge a Friend got on me
My ongoing petty revenge with asshole customers.Don't keep blaming me because you can't show up on time
Impatient Laundry Lady
Don't rush me!
Playing along. . .literally
50% off does not mean you can stash merchandise.
Boyfriend's dad plays video games literally all day and has been unemployed for 3 years
Talk during the movie? Enjoy some fresh chili farts.
Getting my petty revenge, one day at a time (parking tickets)
3 EKs try to mess with me, one gets her tooth knocked out.
Wake me up with fireworks at 4am? Now Alexa will wake you up with fireworks.
Cleaning lady tried to steal a bunch of collectibles in a hotel.
Friends abandonment comes full circle
Lazy Lover
I hope I made your ears bleed, bitch.
Fifth Grade Petty Revenge.
Roommate Eats Food My Grandma Gave Me And I Get Pissed
Want to keep riding my ass when im already going over the speed limit ? Okay have fun being behind two cars going the exact speed limit.
You get what you (didn't) pay for!
Be slow when I'm about to go on my dinner break? No half price, bitch!
You’ll call the police on me for doing my job? Ok...
Don't take my stuff especially after I said "No"
You're getting fat and want to know why I'm not?
Merry Christmas, you ingrate...
Sorry I can't help you
I'm a petty asshole.
One Bad Apple
How a road rage driver got his just desserts
I'm not good at being petty, but I've got a great opportunity to do something very petty here. One of you Petty Kings help plan my next move
My bully got sent to South Korea after harassing me.
Bye Bye Bonsai...
My friend doesn’t let me join in a game, I don’t let him do his project and screw him over.
3 hour lunch breaks for a juicehead mortgage broker...
I sleep on the couch everyweekend? Let me play you some music
Dont have gas money? But need a ride.
You want to literally breathe down my neck?! Well, I'll just embarrass you on the interwebz. (Also, paying a quarter of the requested dog tax.)
How to make my uncle suffer
Tree cracking our drive? Enjoy your new view
You think you’re better than me at Super smash bro’s and be a little jerk about it? Yeah not gonna happen.
Girl makes my friend feel fat, I make her feel like a loser
Petty revenge on my boss.
So this happened in 4th grade once
made a guy regret ever talking to me
Eggs and Yeast...
A coworker was pissing me off on an email thread
A lifetime of petty revenge and sicknesses
The day I ripped off a used car salesman.
Petty revenge on McDonald's
Want your drone? Here it is!
Neighbor problems
Karen as Fuck
Kid tries to boast. Gets owned.
How the person I hate made me and my buddy die of laughter for days on end
Diner cook is an jerk to our server and my son, gets called out and has to mess up his kitchen.
kid manipulates me so I ruin his life
anal valentine | Redtube Free Anal Porn Videos, Big Tits Movies &amp; Creampie Clips
Have fun crossing burnt bridges
Book store won't stop sending invoices for a book
Being rude to me? Get a parking fine.
Have fun with a puzzle you can never finish...
Cheat off of me? Enjoy your F.
A blatant stupid jerk gets a nasty taste of reality.
Have fun.
Homophobes make it so easy.
Enjoy your well done fries!
Try to screw me? I will literally make you pay
Use my email to rent a car?
Entitled Teens blocking neighbors
Crazy woman calls police on us for parking a centimeter in front of her driveway, now it's our turn for revenge.
Mess with this phone #
So you play guitar all night but can’t listen to ring of fire after 9?
Oh comcast. You so silly.
Shared this story that went down in rehab on r/maliciouscompliance. Was told you guys might appreciate it.
That's not candy, it's my golden retriever's feces.
Good luck with no family and no support in a new state Mom
Dinner revenge
Oh, Y'all Will Find Religion....
Talk smack about the language I speak? Get ready to hear it!
5755139646
Revenge porn?
I don’t think I’ll be able to take that shift
Unplanned anger at Planned Parenthood (Not sure where to put this...)
playing test
Don't insult my engagement ring! 💍
Siblings bathroom Mess
I probably screwed myself over. But it was worth it.
You say you hate all Asian food but have never tried it? Oh no your mouth is broken now! ( I DIDNT HURT HER I THINK THIS WAS JUST COINCIDENTAL DONT KILL ME MODS )
Annoy me about putting away clothes? Prepare for an inconvenience!
Tricked trucks into driving too fast because they thought i was driving too slowTricked tricks into driving too fast because they thought i was driving too slow.
Camping with my Ex's side man
Revenge against whore of a housemate
Don’t cherry pick!
Tailgater on the freeway
The one that almost got away.
He tried to get me In trouble for nothing but it backfired on himawan
Revenge on a crazy manager
Almost hit my car? Have fun detailing your car again.
Don't like the noise? Buckle up, old people.
Enjoy your DVD! (xpost /r/IDontWorkHereLady)
You're no exception, and don't have any right to park on my private spot.
Enjoying your netflix
Don't fuck with my favorite shirt.
Ruined day for a bouncy house bully
The Pettiest of all Revenge
Rude lady treats my dad like a slave so he costs her thousands!
Literally highlighting the mistakes of the girl who called me useless
Dorm revenge
Friend took a bite of my burger. He couldn't find his work shoes for a week
Scream at me at the crosswalk? I'll take my time crossing.
That’s the wrong account number you say?
My 3 year old has been peeing the bed every night this week...
Crapped up butter anyone?Revenge on angry SUV mom
Angry Christmas shopper
Grocery Shopping Revenge
Block the closer parking lot while you're waiting in the drive thru, eh?
The pettiest of revenge.
Lie to your girlfriend? I got revenge and neither have no idea
If I can't have the bread no one can
The more you honk the more you wait
Revenge on homophobic brother by ruining his skyblock
I’m making my GFs brothers GF a living hell
Can't decide between me an another guy? That's cool
Drive me to the hospital drunk? Baby won’t be named after you.
Keep me up all hours of the night, get the cops called on us, and ignore your toddler? Enjoy our new expensive apartment alone.
Let's just make life a little lighter. (https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07FK8643J)
Give me my fucking marinara sauce.
I hope you weren’t planning on using a fork today!
Never write anything down you don’t want used against you
Throw me under the bus? Enjoy your write up.
Taste of sriracha
Planes, Trains, Automobiles
You'll Work Here for the Rest of Your Life
Revenge on a slum lord.
It started out petty, anyway...
Yelling at some middle aged men.
Don't like the ducks in our pool, fine you have them.
Try to take over my table at McD's? Enjoy waiting even longer.
Have fun sitting by yourself!
I owe you a bag of salt? Have fun re-shoveling.
You can do without me? Get left behind In a huge parking lot.
The church's Spanish service is in English. I wonder out loud where the Spanish is. A lady stands up and tells me.
You wanna fuck over my friend then me just for some popularity ? Have fun in summer school after being shunned.
Family of Douche gets upset at me for just doing my job
ice cream and mayo flavor that's new
I'm sorry, I can't hear you.
Want to talk shit about me..? Sure, break up with me while you're at it.
Good luck getting that unemployment check
Non-paying client revenge/reveal
Not in my fucking gaming room.
You, shall not pass!
Get off my ass!
Get Up Outta My Personal Space
"Bittersweet" Revenge.
You want to blast music at 4:30am EVERY DAY? Learn some manners!
Slow Down!
Throw crap in the ground where I just swept? Okay.
Mountain Parking Wars
Wrote all this for AITA, but I think you will appreciate it more.
Apartment Parking Revenge
It was only a few dollars, but I don't care.
How to get rid of a grade-A clinger
Borrow my jeans... I'll make you itch
No software for me? No cookies for you.
Park like an asshole WHEN THERE’S SPACE?!? I’ll show you petty!
Why are people only ever concerned when something happens to them...
Cleaning up after other people is a pain...
A mom tried to get a free burger by saying it’s his sons birthday so I filled her entire car with burgers
Pettiest revenge I've ever done
Threaten My Home? No, That's Not Going to Happen
Post Office avenged me.
Dont litter
My cheating ex cheats on the girl he cheated on me with
Ticket giveaway!
No tip from me! (title may be misleading)
Getting married in a few weeks and my ex's former friend is officiating.
Petty Cycling Revenge
Watched my student take revenge on a peer
Don't use other peoples toothbrushes
Try to get me to accept your phony fraud call on something suspicious? How about I say no and hang up?
I was pissed off because I forgot this caesar salad for this customer...
$1 Revenge
Getting petty revenge on the person that framed me for stealing on Roblox skyblox
Be a dick and leave your highbeams on? Have a taste of your own medicine
Your a noob at bubblegum simulator? Uno reverse card (secret pets)
Ignored by the car salesman? I'll buy elsewhere
You wanna keep harassing my sister? Enjoy your lack of phone
Revenge of the Sandwich artist.
Fool me once, twice, then suck disk for four years.
Throw a rock at the mystery Inc crew and proceed to make out? K.
Pick on the little girl playing paintball? Enjoy your forced timeout.
I may or may not have destroyed this guys life
IT Teacher makes fun of my stutter, and becomes the joke of the school.
Enjoy an early start.
Drive-thru Revenge
Seasons greetings
Boss decides to redefine my role, gets more (or maybe less?) than he bargained for.
Try to break up my relationship? I'll break up yours.
Loud, rude, neighbor gets a dose of his own medicine and can't handle it
Shortest (and useless) petty revenge ever
Fuck with me, I'll cover you in pee-pee
My lemonade
The lady that hit my car.
Tenant accuses me of loosing or stealing her money order. Gets evicted.
Returning an item without the tag? Watch me destroy it in front of you, then!
Revenge Suggestions For A World Class Asshole
Girlfriends shitty housemates
Grocery store bitch get's what's hers.
Imvu catfish
Have fun, jerk.
Neighbor Parking Random Cars Daily In Grass?
My co-worker insisted on decorating the office for Christmas today (November 19), so I let her do it.
Enjoy your cold showers
Goof off at work and I'll make sure that people notice you.
Aisle blockers
Cancel all my rewards points because you don’t like my opinion on your survey? I’ll still get my free stuff!
Unintentional Revenge on Arrogant Teacher
TLDR my social studies/science/tennis teacher was an idiot so me and my friends spoke another language with the wrong tones to piss her off
Mess with the bull, get the horns
A phantom rock in your boot
Have a fun walk home, douchebag.
GF leaves me for friend, Friend gets karma
So, You Want to Ride Your Bikes Two Abreast on the Sidewalk (Not But 1.5 Meters From the Proper Bike Lane) and Against Traffic? Alrighty, Then...
Come to work drunk and call me fat? Fine, enjoy the salsa buddy.
Cut in front of me in line? Enjoy these lady...
Annoying college roommate need to understand the concept of silence and mutual respect.
Don't be an asshat to your lab partner
You want to slighty insult me? I'll slightly ruin your flight.
Not today.
Gym teacher favorites other team I chuck a ball at her head
Accuse me of cheating? Have fun drinking your tea.
Saying I'm bad at the game and then wanting to play on my save? well I'll just delete it
Revenge against a bad landlord years later
Disrespectful roommate? I'll tell on you!
My girlfriend cheated on me so I’m wasting her time and stealing necessities from her room.
Get annoying cats and ruin my knife? Enjoy the extra mess to clean up.
Newspaper telemarketer gets telemarketed
Drop Off Here (x-post MaliciousCompliance)
Edit me out of a project? Now you don't have one.
I did this when I was young but still don't regret it
Think you can do my job? Go ahead!
Highway Revenge
My best friend had a music war with her brother and won
Pen Ink and White Pants
Extra ass customer ruined food
Please give ex taste of his own medicine
I was part of Very short Highway Petty Revenge...
Turn up your music and leave for the day just to be an asshole? Don’t worry, I’ll make you listen to your own music all night, neighbor.
Paying the Vultures
Don't wake me up at 9 am on my holidays.
Sorry, I owe you? Bruh
No sweet tea? Okay then. Deal with the homeless lady.
Excuse Me.
Being tall has its perks sometimes
How can I go about getting revenge on a teacher who is failing me for no particular reason?
I just wanted batteries, but now you get to touch mom's vibrator.
Family told me to not leave my room because i have a cold, so i
Sticking it to the man
Obnoxious accountant gets mildly annoyed, thanks to my petty revenge.
Steal my condoms?
Enjoy your sliced up genitals
sister revenge
Small victories
Washing Machine Ettiquette was broken - Time to
Petty revenge on "your car warranty may be expired"
I use my mum´s argument against her
don't steal my food
Enjoy your stinkin’ fork suckers
Woman was an a-hole on a flight. Sneezed on her and threw open sachets of salt and pepper in her purse
Mexican restaurant revenge
Call my best friend a horrible name, don't be on the opposite team from me
"Maybe if you looked better" revenge
I do the dishes
Don't want to do the dishes? Merry Christmas
Operation TS
Neighborly dispute.
I hate my roommate.
So, I'm not allowed to go to the nurse?
You just have to be in front of me, do ya?
Sympathy for the Diesel, or, Second-hand Smoke
Turned my ex father in law in for tax fraud
Three Card Monte
Guy blocks me after sone dates and gives me a list of reasons why I’m not good enough to date him. Messed with the wrong person.
This is what you GET
Be nice to people you don't know.
Your grandma died (again) and you need money to go to her funeral again? Sure let's contact your mom to send my condolences first.
Now I feel like the grandma from Malcolm in the Middle.
Girls in middle school thought that I did not know Spanish just because of my appearance
Ask before you take my snacks...
Neighbor threw a mattress on the street a few weeks ago.
Dorm neighbour from hell gets a taste of his own medicine
Lab Revenge
My brother is lazy.
A tale of mailboxes, baseball bats, and a broken wrist.
Don't insult me and expect free dog food
First class traveler calls all people in my area "Trash"
Good luck getting your bag back from TSAenjoy the work shutdown
10-fold Petty Revenge
Psycho Tailgater Gets What's What.
Beyond Petty
Ideas?
It's called the quiet car for a reason.
Do you enjoy chatting and holding the elevator door open ?
Never mess with a good thrower.
Shitty roommates leave their stuff in their shower and I get back at them in the grossest way possible
Won't help organize the desks? Enjoy losing your spot.
Enjoy your fine.
This is my revenge
First rule of scaring.
Begone Thot
Its not often I do this, but I will if I have to.
Delayed revenge on a snitchHonk at me at a not turn on red, get caught by the red light cam.
Tailgating me? You're probably in a hurry!
My boyfriend can be a sore loser.
Latin teacher's passive aggressiveness shows.
You bully me for two years say goodbye to your knee caps
Small but so satisfying
Bullying my cousin? Stolen your candy
Be a bad worker? Lose your chance.
Don't fuck with pharmacy workers
Tidal wave revenge
Don't touch my underwear.
The Sharpie Mines
Don't mess with your barista
Wife's Grampa exacts continuous revenge
Groupon Revenge Needed
You trash my dishes, I trash yours!
Revenge on my HOA/nosy neighbor
Tales of being a lifeguard
Ride my ass in a traffic jam? I’ll let every extended member of the Brady Bunch get in front of me.
This calls for war.
Make false accusations? Enjoy walking 20 extra feet!
Revenge is best served bright and early
Loud tenants &amp; Landlord vs. Baby
Blast me with the high beams for existing in front of you? Here's a 5-mile dose of exactly the speed limit.
Please stop with the tailgating stories
Rude kid treats my cousin bad, gets all money spent on
Steal my food will you? Well I hope you like disobeying your religion!
Looking for ideas to get revenge..
It's too bad you don't want to speak to me anymore
Amtrak Cafe Fun
Random lady cuts me off on the sidewalk three times
Got Petty Revenge On Choosing Beggar Coworker Who Wanted Free Girl Scout Cookies
You didn’t listen, so now you can’t get the prize
F**K you and your $5 pens
Dealing out guilt like a nun on steroids!
You seem to be in a hurry. It would really suck to be stuck behind a garbage truck, wouldn't it?
Lazy Lying Teacher Attempts to Ruin New Teacher's Career
Donuts and Drinks for everyone! . . . exceeeept . . .
This is what happens when you show up at a party acting like a belligerent asshole
Petty revenge backfired
Not sure if I took this one too far, guys...
I’ve got all the time in the world, buddy.
Flake on paying me for my service? I guess you don't want access to your account anymore.
Drunk people in hotel room next to me
You stole and shared my nudes? Have fun sneezing and itching, you asshole
Someone’s gonna need to spend a long time tuning that...
I sent a kid to the hospital after he took my hoverboard.
For the past year I've hidden Child Pornography on /r/food without anyone knowing.
Posted last week about my apartment doing a video contest for most views, winner getting $400. Well the contest ended and I had the most views (1347), but they're claiming that the other videos (799) get extra credit and therefore beat mine... I guess they're getting their own petty revenge on me.
My 6th grade hell
I made a deal to do your homework ill get you tf in trouble
I need a favor
Lady Argued with me over 5%
Was told to post here. Unintentional revenge.
Hell Hath No Fury Like A Mother Scared
More Deli Style Revenge
Popular kid tries to annoy me
Sorry about your phone, brah.
Shredding revenge
Crush my toys? I crush yours.
Horse Owner won't Take "Neigh" for an Answer
Richard tried to screw someone with vocational rehab counseling
My car smelled so good
Answer stealing jerk will have to study someone else's notes
Kid’s was messing with the squirrel gets karma
Just do as your manager says...
Sun Tzu Says: the worst policy of all is to besiege walled cities
Block me, smash you
Request: She ruined my birthday, now I want to ruin hers. Any advice?
Wanna write your name on my quiz?
Annoy me at work? I'll make you wait for your elevator.
At school I have a classmate that browses 9GAG all day long what are some good ways to get revenge on him?
My Teacher's Petty Revenge
Smoking Deborah Tries To Ruin Date Night!
You just stole Ice Cream from A Kid!
My roommate stole candy, Red Bull, small amounts of cash from me, woke me up in the middle of the night after coming home drunk and told me to sleep outside on the couch so he could have sexual intercourse with his girlfriend in privacy. I wasted his time in a creative way.
Forced my flatmate to give up flat by removing all the furniture.
Noisiest apartment neighbors.
Honk at me the second a red light turns green and you can wait
Ms Grinch Heroically Ruins Christmas
The ketchup and mustard bra revenge
I have a confession...
This might be a bit of a reach
I don't recognize your right to sandwich points.
Ex-Girlfriend is an avid Reddit user. I hope she sees this.
Help me spam this guy that stole!!
Have my friends and I move? Enjoy a ticket
Take my parking spot?? What goes around comes around
Oh, so you DO want a mobile design for this site?
My Oreos
Be a dick to me and enjoy watching your beer get warmer while I do other stuff.
NO PUSHING IN LINE
Guy owes a million dollars so I humiliate him in front of his family over and over again.
Can't wait to charge your phone? Spend five minutes extra
Miss Priss and the Tomato Pies
Bad Suitemate Tap Danced to Insanity
Wanna insult me on Black Friday? Sure!
Lunch etc going missing from fridge at work
Time to grow up
Revenge on sixflags
Bite Me Once, Even Twice; Shame On You! Try For A 3rd Time and Feel My Baby Wrath!!
Taught a coworker a lesson in petty revenge.
Need revenge ideas
Shut that damn dog up.
last names..
I purposely turned my sprinklers on and drenched my neighbour.
You go into my room, I go into yours.
Your girlfriend wants to start a fight? Have fun smelling like feet
Pretty interesting story
I'm 90% sure my sister stole my mascara before she went out last night...
Steal my bus ticket? I don't think so.
Don’t share an evil moment with me then be an ass
I’ve finally got my own back on noisy Dracula
May I Telemarket YOU?
Tailgate me? Enjoy waiting an extra thirty seconds.
Grandmother also gets back at idiot dog owner.
Take my friend? I'll take your memories.
(Repost because it got removed for some reason) break my heart then ask for all the gifts back? Fine, take em.
Petty revenge against a douchebag WoW guild.
Don’t make plans on Craigslist and then ghost you
Never log out? Enjoy the picture I made!
Creepy bitch follows me
I can, and will "Smash" you in front of your GF
Unapologetic asshole gets a wet ass.
Teacher told off a whiny, popular high schooler. Leaves me a wonderful memory.
Have you ever had a revenge story in which your item was stolen and you stole it back from the thief?
When pettiness bites back
Letter of appeal to West Hollywood, CA regarding a recent parking ticket.
Old perv feels me up at a party, gets a serious headache.
Guy gets bullied and gets his bullies 40 hours of community service!
A mix of revenge and justice (long post)
Trying to ignore students? How about nope!
Graduation Shopping
Kid was annoying me... so I fed him soap
Fake friend used to spam me with shit about how I was not worth it and should die...
I found a compilation
Pee on my foot?
Keep fucking w/me? Kiss your freedom goodbye
My EX after 6 months of no contact texts that she wants my mom's phone number and tells my friend to shut up I accidentally reported that she wanted to shoot he high school
Make fun of my crappy sneakers? Then enjoy no more Nintendo Power!
Bully my friend? Have fun trying to sleep tonight
Do not fuck with my Sims game.
Everyone who can know, does know.
My roommate kept turning the router off while I was playing vidya...
I still feel guilty about this.
Revenge on Pedophile Boyfriend
Kid stole my stuff so I stole his stuff
My housemate is doing her best to get under my skin, so I suppose I'll do the same!
Bachelorette Brownie Batch
Getting back at spamming woos
Screw this,I'm going home. And telling everyone else to go to a different company.
I was a monster in the 2nd grade...
Drunk European said my accent was ugly, I purposefully misidentified his country.
Teacher accuses me of plagiarism, so I prove her rightly wrong.
I spit in her face wash and in her birthday drink (PRE-COVID)
My roommates are cheapskates when it comes to comfort
Oh, banks are an easy trip, you say? Enjoy your trip to the bank.
Oh, I didn't realize that traffic laws only applied to us peasants
You're gonna hassle me when I'm giving you free food? Enjoy your cold egg rolls.
A lovely trip to the beach...well not for those other people.
Silence me for four years? Enjoy your ruined reputation!
Revenge on someone with a "better than you" complex
You won't give me pass to your party, now enjoy giving your exam thrice
How do I legally fuck up somebody's life?
Man Buys all the chicken in the restaurant cause he hears the woman behind him refer to him as fat
I orchestrated a situation where my bully had to listen to 20 people tell her she was garbage to her face while she was unable to say anything back.
my mom gets revenge on brother for stealing her calculator.
The Star Wars Spoiler (DOES NOT CONTAIN ANY SPOILERS)
Oh, you're in a hurry?
Woman...
Think I wandered into a designer store just to sit in the lingerie dressing rooms? Think again!
Threatening me even though it is your fault? Your parents will hear about this one
Interview questions for a spoiled brat I have to met with next week. How would you answer?
Sweet, sweet, revenge, 10 years later.
I'm not buying the cat.
bully me and almost break my hand enjoy watching the other kids ply in the playground
Guy tries to woooosh me
Monitor Madness / Rex’s Revenge nsfw
Break my heart Ill ruin your relationship
Roommate parking order revenge.
Self-righteous jerks in college.
Help with hitting a crooked employer where it hurts...their money!!!
Cinemistake
kar-ma
Roommate who kept spoiling anime and tv shows got a taste of her own medicine
Sardine juice in air vents?
Taking your sweet time to open and I have to teach you to say please; you can fill out the address for me.
Accidental revenge on a VERY important man.
Stupid oblivious woman almost hits me in office parking deck
Revenge on an awful estate agent, featuring my mum circa 1992
My sister ate rotten melon
Man dumps 25 tons of chain outside the tax office
Hopefully this is the right subreddit
Booby trapped phone charger
Update: I'm the one who vaccumed my ceiling
The rather noisy neighbor who sounded like she was in a bad porno
All I needed was 1 chance to make it right.
Park in my space? I'll delay your departure.
I have certain skills. I will find you. And I will downvote you.
Don't be assholes when camping.
My brother stole my life savings so I sabotaged his car
Sweet sweet karma is a bitch
Off course I can take away the 'useless' foil
Sure, I'll get you onto a train. Might not be the right one, though. (X Post /r/IDontWorkHereLady)
Asswipe on a Plane
Candy Wrapper Revenge
Revenge is so sweet. (First Post)
Sleep with the girl I told you I liked? Enjoy your stink dick at work today bud.
You want to steal my stationary? How about I tape up your locker?
Company got the dump they deserved
The "Swear Jar"
Wanna eat all that bacon deal with salmonella
Pretentiously brag about Facebook likes? That will show you
Don't make me move your car
My personal petty revenge against The Fattening...
Left a co-worker stranded an hour away from his home at a store.
Cut me off? Get charged with a DUI
Block my bike lane, get ticketed.
Worked at Dollar General for 3 months, and left.
Don't piss off a neighbor who gets up early
Neighbor son buzzing our doorbell
Petty revenge on League of Legends Troll
we can paint your car for you..
The pallet and the cupcake
use me as target practice in Physics class? hope you like the taste of the floor
How to annoy and ex 101
My dad made a compagny stop spamming him
I can't use your things? Then you can't use mine
Mess with me? I'll ruin your cakes. (Remade- deleted the original by accident)
Ex Goes in a Date, Change his streaming profile to kids only viewing
Don't know if this is not petty enough for this sub or Too petty. RE: Property tax payment.
Never trust an UberEats customer who says they’ll tip you later.
Home Brewed Soda
Didn't do any of the work? Have fun doing the final by yourself
What Exactly Is Vegetarian Meat Pizza?
Act like an asshole in your Tesla, enjoy getting wet
Lady tells my boss I hit her child, gets fined for destruction of property
Hook up with my girlfriend behind my back? I’m sleeping with your Ex and No frat for you!
Keep nudging me? Hav fun
Use my razor without asking? You deserve what you get.
neighbour refers to had back ball
Kid destroyed my homework so i took revenge
Impatience never pays off
6th Graders Get Revenge On 7th Graders
Old story from the dryers in dorm halls
YOU want me to move? (Flight)
You've got mail
Neighbor keep taking everyone clothes out of laundry mid cycle so I ruin their clothes
Some dander for your pillows?
My neighbor took my basketball from me
Impatient bar patron gets petty revenge
Stupid Kids
No Pay = No Work
As I pulled into my Grocery Market parking lot, I see this entitled ass. OC http://i3.minus.com/ibw1tiB5oB14rg.jpg
Enjoy the music!
My SO didn't like my small gifts
Charge me for tea? Less tips for you
Steal my drink and I will chug it all
Don't shoplift on my shift, bitch
Revenge is a Pizza Dish Best Served Warm
Phone deletion revenge
Not so worthless after all...
Cut me off? Enjoy the matches!
Idk what to put as the title XD
You don't contribute? I take payment my way.
My sis is a bitch
Petty highschool revenge.
My Granny broke her driving instructors nose
(UPDATE) Little Bastard misses his train
Dorm Lounge Too Loud
Mess with me try to deal with this
Communication issues.
Steal my scooter? I’ll be handed yours.
Next time you get a pet, train it properly.
My brother was being a real prick about the kitchen
Burt's bees pee
Bully me for four years? Look at me now
Steal my laundry detergent? Hope you like the bleached clothes look!
Well I had a story I wrote out for a hour now in one click it’s gone
Don't cut us in front of the line
No, I would not like to see if the other device is working.
Can't justify your actions so I guess I'll just unplug your stuff.
Bad driver payback
I just got comfy, and now you want me to do what?
Get ready to look FABULOUS!
Don't take a professionals advice? get charged an idiot tax.
Warm water
Feeling good over there?
Asked my roommate to take out the trash. A week later I decide to help him out... by putting all the trash I front of his door
Since you're planning on being rude to the person cooking your meal...
Bully my kid, get a bookbag in the head!
“you can’t snap my ex EVER but i can snap yours”
Using initials is NOT helpful
Bully me? Get ready to PAY UP
Can't move your chair? Tough luck.
Entitled neighbours get arrested for Child abuse, Animal abuse, and for leaving their child, getting almost run over.
My roommate's 'sorta' friend stole nice bottle of tequila that I was saving for the night before break in college.
Maybe you should rethink your actions.
kids yell i have coronavirus but its asthma
Ride my bumper flashing your lights Taxi man?
Im petty about balsamic vinaigrette
Ignore me when it suits you? Fine, I make you work harder.
Make me Sneeze? I Destroy you.
My mum was taking her anger out at me...
I Almost Black Faxed My Old Union Over $40
Decided to go a little Bette Midler on beer-drinkin' truck owners
If you make me miss two lights, don't get mad at me when I make you miss your turn.
She's cheating and doesn't know I know. Let the head games begin.
Revenge on my bully
So, you want to be snappy about our sex life? Have some petty revenge
Downstairs teen plays loud music and screams at all hours of the day every day.
Mooch off of us? You're contributing whether you like it or not.
Guy prank called me
Revenge ideas for non paying nightmare client named Karen
CALL THIS GUY AND DONT STOP
The ultimate petty grandfather
I finally got revenge 4 years later
Rob money from me? Well, pay me back 1.5 times that.
College paper revenge
Demand special treatment. You will get less.
Shower Music Revenge
Dog pooping on my lawn
Be rude during presentations and distract everyone? I hope you have greasy hands. (Part 2)
Everyone gets a smiley face, except for you.
Ten Items or less does not mean thirty items or more
Don't be so impatient
Rot in my spam folder, you fools!
Relatives took our hospitality for granted, so I sent them a package back
Steal my spot and waste my time - I'll waste your time too!
Think partying late in a campground full of families is a good idea? Think again.
Roommate immediately regrets using my loofah
Be nice to people who answer the phone
Kid gets owned
Email Spam Sign Up?
Ask me to get donuts, throw hissy fit when I don't move fast enough. No milk for you!
Update: Revenge on my HOA
Peons Can't Be Trusted
Steal my food? Enjoy shitting yourself
Talked to GF's ex while fingering my GF
Just Trying to Live Well.
My childhood bully contacted me, and it was satisfying.
At the movies
Don't belittle someone's accomplishments in order to make yourself feel better...
You Decided To Call The Police On Me? Because Of A Halloween Costume?!
You posted my texts to make me seem like a terrible person? Here's the rest of the texts!
Don't beep at me when it is my right of way.
My housekeeper was stealing from me...her own Facebook page told on her
U push my things in the floor I’ll push u
Thought of dealing with tailgater riding motorcycle at speed
Contemplating Revenge
I'm an asshole
Won't stop yapping? Enjoy the loud beeping.
Dare to steal MY cheese? Enjoy your hot pepper cheese
Boys take all the candy, get chased by PennywiseKeep on bullying me on Minecraft after I lose most of my stuff, say goodbye to your hard work.
Next time, consider sharing?
The Ultimate Scavenger Hunt For Cheaters!
If you ruin my movie,I ruin your date!
Sweet times
Voldemort strikes back
Racist drunk wants me to serve more booze ok cool cool cool.
SB thinks he can trust me with his money after being rude and mean to me
How to get revenge on a narcissist
jerks didn't help me find my room key
No job for you!
Want to bully me? Alright, enjoy being incredibly uncomfortable.
Exploiting your best employee is the quickest way to losing them
Here's your slice
Tis the Season to Antagonize an Anti-Vaxxer
My random petty parking revenge
Bartenders revenge
My foetal physiology lecture vs your shitty music? Game on
Being pretty against an entire country
Be rude and try to tell me how to do my job? You can pick up your own bags.
Rude cashier denied my friendliness got warned by Boss
BOOGERS
I ruined my neighbours weed
Petty Bathroom Lock Revenge
Don't get snide with me.
Don't wait your turn? Wait a half hour longer.
Refuse to give your details... A call from the police will wake you up.
Handicapped Man Gets Back at Woman
Foreigner "friend" keeps damaging local protected areas, costs him the trip.
Park blocking the cart corral? Enjoy taking the cart off your SUV!
You really want me to make tea? Fine
You're too good for our parking schedule? I'll take my sweet time.
Don't mess with a web designer
Quel culot cette dame
Made Fun of for the Effects of a Brain Tumor
Little Brother Keeps Drinking My Juice... He Gets a Sour Taste of Revenge
Got bass? We have BASS.
Stole annoying kids project idea.
A woman scorned
Sweet, petty board-game justice.
No ID? Then you're an adult.
Live Long and Prosper
My wife is cheating. I know where the guy works. I won’t attack him because that’s crazy. But I regularly stop by in the evening to spread my dog’s poop on the doorknob and keyhole that he uses each morning.
Petty revenge on the mean girl
My revenge on my racist, womanizing, homophobic roommate.
Petty vengeance on cheating classmates (first post)
Little brother crashes my car and you take his side? Goodbye Spotify.
Korea's Last Gift for Me
Petty revenge on the lady who sat next to me on the empty train car.
I know he is very rich and famous but I dont like him
Trash boy and no-scope.
Recommendations?
Don’t want to negotiate? Lose your yearly bonus
Referee threatened with lawsuit. Get small little revenges along the way
Awful atmosphere so I anticipated being fired
Borrow my pencil and steal it? Oh, you won’t want to borrow from me again!
Stressed? I ain't stressed at all.
Over changed
"It's only fair."
Warm and Liquidy New Years Eve Noisemaker
Make me miss my girlfriend's birthday because you're high? I don't think so.
I only have one contact way
My sister made a bob to clean his own crap off the wall
Got written up for bad review that was employers fault and written up by my employer for it.
Ruin our Hawaiian vacation, I’ll ruin Avengers Endgame.
Let's see if your neanderthal brain can figure this one out.
Wanna be a bitch? Prepare to be a internet meme...
"Friend" is acting like a punk? Let's see if you want to be a punk now!
Kicked out of first class bus seats in Brazil
Steal my chair and I'll steal your happiness
My revenge on bully
Please Follow the Laundry Room Rules
Petty revenge that turned into much more
Dont let anyone use the bathroom when you shower?Enjoy the cold.
I put a bully in a headlock
Sell me a counterfeit vape? I'll destroy your E-bay store.
A manager decided to snap at me? Enjoy doing the same thing over again...
No coke than royals fine
Drive the Karma Bus Here - DELIVER KARMA
Next Time, Don't Be A Hypocrite
I'm slowly driving my neighbor into madness
Accidental non-petty revenge.
Revenge in two parts
Don't park in my parking lot.
He tried to make me do a job that he had to do.
Right Pass, Wrong Idea.
This song too gay for your pool hall? Fine, let me just play something else for you...
My teacher gets what she deserves
Play with the water while i'm in the shower ? Get rewarded with annoying noises.
you were too busy watching GOT to do your part of the work?. i'll save you some time
Emigrate to avoid taxes, then make me less? Revenge by post.
Mixed Her Laundry all to Heck!
Sabotaged coffee
Petty Revenge at its Finest
Refer to me with a racial slur? Good luck getting into college.
Dogs will be dogs.
My ex-gf recently cheated on me with my good buddy. I'm the only one who knows about his DUI. Karma sucks.
Be mean to my little siblings? No WiFi for you
A long memory of a college administrator's injustice
Tailgate me and I will make sure to delay you as long as I can
Got a job in my field of study but boss makes me do labor on his house.
need suggestions
Take my soda? Fine then, you can have it!
Spilling Beer
Want to rig a card game so you'll win, then insist we play it every time? We'll see about that...
p*** me of and get called gay for a day
Help me get revenge on my grandfather.
My Boss's Petty Revenge
Fire me if I call in sick? I'll come in then.
Woman harassed me online, doesn’t know that when she starts on Monday, I’m her boss.
Yes, I"m a Parking N*zi and My Revenge Is Sweet
So petty they probably didn't realise, but it made me feel better.
... Yeah, so you enjoy using my hair products?
I quit my job, Ex-boss's pettiness prevailed
Scooby snacks
Mess with my heart, I’ll mess with your GPA.
(online game) steal my stuff that was hard and risky to get? ill be sure to make your trip back home miserable
The drink thief
Adding to the shit he talks.
Enjoy your minor inconvenience
Revenge at 20,000 feet
Ditto Bitch.
Using IT Power for good
Don't mess with my dental hygiene.
so you want cheap workers? well....
Sharing old stories with my family today reminded me of my step dads awesome pretty revenge (#roadrage).
The security officer and the cousin.
Glove on head
MLM Scammer Texts Wrong Number, Learns Lesson
Enjoy your drink
Give me YOUR trash? Here's MINE.
Uploaded pic of professor I hate to a porn doppelgänger site
My dad and the Friday half-day
You won't pay me for all the hours I worked for you? Okay, have fun running your business all by yourself on your busiest day then.
I was the recipient of some petty revenge this morning...
Please stop calling, or I'll set the accountant on you
you remove our improvements to your creeper farm? guess we just ruin the design you thought was better
Ball pit kid
Enjoy parking your $100,000 RV on the street.
Work Revenge
I had my petty revenge just by asking a question and smiling
GF dumped me after booking a trip for her birthday. Cheers to petty revenge!
Be disruptive in the theater? Enjoy losing out on your tickets.
"THIS KID IS LOOKING AT PORN"
Efficient Revenge
Get Your Crotch Out Of My Face!
SB thinks he can trust me with a big amount of money while he was being a big A-Hole to me
Never mock my disabled brother...
Roommate would keep me up with his phone, so I kept him up with mine
Bossman sits in a $1,200 office chair. When my Dr says I need a better chair for my back, he refused to pay over $250 and accuses me of being "demanding about something I don't need". Fine. Let's see what HR has to say about that.
Gendered single person bathrooms are stupid, and so is your face
The Pump Police
Have you ever pretended to be a customer and complained on a coworker (who pissed you off or offended you) via anonymous phone or email or website complaint form just to get revenge on them without letting them know that it was you?
Oh, that's how you're gonna be? Okay, here are my vacation requests for the rest of the year.
You keep flooding the bathroom? No problem. I'll clear it up.
Darth Vader appears in my company's board room and enacts karma revenge. (Long)
I made a whole neighborhood hate them
Steal my dessert? Have a fun night on the toilet.
This is why you always book your own ticket.
Petty Scooter Revenge
My best petty revenge.
Being an ass? I'll turn your digital phone and internet service off.
Steal my snacks at work? You get the shits, and you get the shits, you ALL get the shits!
Dear Anonymous Anti-Urban-Farmer
Don't touch my lunch
Destroy my beautiful zen garden? Have fun sleeping in sand
Lost in a Supermarket
Park over the line? Good luck getting in your car
Picture perfect revenge
Steal my lunch? Enjoy the Doritos!
Petty Update to my Pro Revenge - Don't pay me, get reported for tax fraud.
My dad named his Robot cleaners after his ex-wives
Thought you'd get away with tip fraud? Think again.
Walking Dead Revenge
Bathroom Reorganization
Just wanted it to smell bad, even better.
Don't be a dick, I'll make you fat.
Laugh at how I speak and I will make your job even more difficult.
pour hot glue onto my gf, prepare to get the shit kicked out of you
David and Gay-liath
Angry Mercedes Lady Has A Bad Time
The video game vigilante is here.
Lady on train today
I stole my cheating boyfriend’s side chick
Go back to work early then.
Question my computer skills?
Deleting 12 thousand members from a FB group overnight
Starting Every Post With "So"
nope, you are not entitled to that parking spot.
I lost an election to be class president in college and I made life a living Hell for the guy who beat me
Subway asshole
Petty revenge at an asian restaurant
EK Tries to cheat on test fails EM Threatens to suspend me
Chase Bank stole $100 from me... yeah, I got even
Putting on a Pillow Case
Some kid from my school knocks on my door everyday to annoy me. What should i do for petty revenge
I TRIED to help a guy out on his date (xpost to r/talesfromyourserver)
I anonymously gave my old high school a terrible review on Google.
We splashed a man in the pool on holiday.
Don't block the fire hydrant
Double parking? Not on my watch
i made the x-mas potatoes today
Don't mistreat the pizza guy.
Yelling at the elevator??? Wait a little longer!!
Texas Freeze Compliance (neighbor gets the "cold" shoulder)
I made people come into the office today and they get Petty Revenge on me for Reddit Secret Santa
Bully me because of my dead mom? Have fun with your live ruined.
Inhuman petty revenge.
Tony the Certified Check Scammer
Cut me up in a car park and nearly take someone out? I'll call you out in front of your boss.
Label someone you just met an asshole? 0 stars.
Make my job hell? I'll make your life hell.
Be a crazy Patriot and critize me for not being such a Patriot then have fun with our anthem 24/7
Take away our bathroom privileges? Then I’ll pee in your classroom.
Give me all my change in pennies? Fine.
The taste of Petty Revenge
Eat my leftovers, well bye bye social life...
You want to speed through a school zone? I'll give you enough rope to hang yourself.
Crazy lady almost ran me over
Spread rumours about me? I’ll ruin your rep with the truth
You Should Have Been More Polite.
Post Office doesn't like wet package? Me neither.
Steal my cousins Pokémon cards, We will trade you for these super “rare”cards.
A sincere fuck you to the driver that almost killed me.
Constantly Calling Me to Sell Your Product? Fine!
So here"'s a short one.
Credit where credit isn't due.
Co-worker pissed me off
Revenge ideas for the person who left a note on my parked car after hitting it, spitting on the windshield, and then breaking into it and stealing stuff?
Yell at me in the car? Have fun at this busy intersection.
Grandma tries to throw my stuff out, so I ruin her next week
That'll learn ya
Trust your internet friends too much over your real ones? I'll use mine to destroy you.
Don't respect the quarantine? I don't mind being the rat.
Try to undermine to gain respect. Watch me make you lose your job.
Ruin my favorite rug? That's okay
Petty revenge on a messy customer.
Share share share!
Petty Revenge Over a Mobile GameI need ideas for petty revenge!
Printer is out of order
Friend's Missing Dog and Pranksters
I took down my bully with a single threat.
The pettiest a dishwasher can be.
Something I've always wanted to do- Gridlock revenge
My French Teacher Who Hates Me and Our War Of Pettiness
The cat litter isn't the only thing that stinks..
The birthday invitationsLocked bully's backpack to desk on last day of school.
Don't throw your credit card at me.
Bombs and Hookers
Smell you later!
Steal my things? I'll ruin your wedding.
Block off two parking spots? I'll make sure you have to get out of your car to park it every time.
Ship me your unwanted shit, I’ll ship it right back to you
Doughnut Shop Hero!!
Refuse to clean? Fine. Enjoy not having anything to get dirty.
Well you gotta work somewhere...
Not too busy now?
Leave without me in the afternoon? Enjoy some petty passive-aggresiveness.
Sorry, dear vegan.
Petty High School Girl Ruins Former Friends Day
How I got my (drunk) stepdad back and made sure he wouldn’t push me again
Sit in front of me at an orchestra concert? Enjoy not being able to see for the rest of the hour and a half we are here.
Just me, myself, and I.
I work at Walmart, I'm petty, here are some stories.
Simple revenge on a jerk from an old job.
+$300
Leave the phone at home
Cross post from Advice Animals
I was driving at night on a 10-mile section of two-lane road between two highways.
Petty Revenge in the making. Sorry for the political stuff.
Lazy teacher vs my mom
Stop playing with the close door button!
Rerack your weights where they belong, not in front of mine.
I've got friends.
You want to access facebook at work? Sorry, that's no longer possible...
You don’t want to do your job, you lose your job
Ban me from your minecraft server? Have fun not graduating.
Make me trip on your shoes... good luck finding them
Show That Finger To The Cop
Avakin Life Hack 2016
Pettywap
Be an asshole? I'll take 2 &amp; 1/2 minutes of your time away.
Too lazy to change the roll, enjoy not having any when you need it most.
Got my bratty neighbor grounded
Crybaby mailman lies about my dog
Telemarketer revenge
Step mother and mother of the bride.
Taking a stolen pen to far
Sexually harass me? I will screw with your food...
You want me to do all your errands for you cause your ass can't be bothered? Sure...Just lemme collect a little compensation first.
Want to generally be rude to students? Say bye-bye to your job!
How Petty am I? Richard. Tom and Tankgirl.
Cheap Dad
An international student's wrath
Bask in my scent
Have all the update texts
Keep touching my hand? Get ready for a stump.
Take a joke too far? Joke's on you!
Trying to stroke it on the phone? Enjoying your hearing loss.
Neighbor trespassed and was biten...crap has gone off the rails!! Pitchforks! Fences!! Lawyers! Oh my!
Ask and you shall receive
The Fart Heard Round The World!
My cousin threw a candle at me, so I broke his favourite game
Landlady &amp; Crazy Daughter Saga
People Don't Know How to Walk in Crowds
I don't get to take a lunch, you don't get a ride home.
turboskank + beer + suede urban outfitters fringe bag
I do you a favour and you tell me off for it? Pettiness ensues.
My horny grandmother is ruining my sex life
Got back at bully in first grade by hardcore pranking him, petty but effective I guess
So you think you're better than me, but you need my help? No problem!
Pumpkin Pie with a side of revenge
Ruined her social life for false accusations
Christmas Lights Festival
The guy who used my number on his business cards
Waited 4 weeks for revenge against my teacher
Revenge 2.0
Dude, stop yelling at the TV.
Catfished my cheating boyfriend into buying a hotel room and going on a wild goose chase for 3 hours
Inspired by tmtreat, my "Get off my yard you dang kids" story.
Brother In Law and Christmas
Fine, you won't let me help you? Pay extra for your shipment with your big janky-ass box
How messed up a 5 for 5 text scammer
Take ice without refilling the tray? Enjoy never having ice available again.
Another fast food revenge
Habaneros and drunk people
Help me get my petty revenge on a hacker!
My cousin acts like a dick but I eventually get one back
Just be nice or I don't cut your pizza.
Don’t open my mail
He stole my scar so we...
Cell phone hell
Don't mess with the oldest friend
"I can't hear you, it's too loud"
Don't want to do your job? Not on my watch
Gypsy Cab, More Like Petty Cab
Forwarding the answer
Ice me away from my friends, and it will end your relationship.
My ex wanted all of HER stuff when she moved out
Kids in the parking lot.
Do not fuck with your IT guy
Excuse me, that is MY recycling bin.
Parking quarrel with neighbors.. turned sprinkler on vehicle. Who is wrong?
Irritating classmate whilst typing this message
Bitch at walmart bitches at me asking for a price on cones and calls me a bitch
Hog machines? I'll jump right in!!
And that's why you share!
Inpatient driver gets held up by the pedestrian they cut off
Make petty insults after I best your granddaughter at piano? Imma be petty right back!
Park too close and leave your windows down at your peril
You bully me I humiliate you in front the of the whole class
Two flavors, one milkshake....what an idea.
Sorry for my bad aim...
Parking like a douchebag when it's not even your yard
Queue Cutter Karma
XBOX One for the Ages
Really petty but perhaps infinite revenge on a bank
Move in with your rebound as I'm moving out? Fine I'll leave a present for her.
Kid bullies my friend’s little brother so my friend changes setting on all his games
Don't snake my spot!
Give me more shit attitude? Get taken down a few pegs.
Spoilt The Force Awakens for someone who spoils The Force Awakens
Helping a "friend" fix his computer
Revenge on my college roommate
Want to steal my store's gasoline? Pay the consequences.
Toilet Paper Revenge
What is the most petty way you've ever paid someone?
Laser pointer to the face
I accused my abusive ex of rape
Taught some cheaters a lesson.
Roommate Revenge! What should I do? (Must be legal)
Selfish Driving = You Wait in Line
As a result of reading /r/pettyrevenge ...
The tale of the camouflage trousers.
Be nice please!(accidentally post to myself)
Made a guy say "Good morning" today.
Accuse me of stealing and bully me? Have fun with the consequences.
Revenge has never actually tasted any better
My dad gets pro revenge on a gym teacher
This is kinda madlad revenge.
Cars who get yelled at for having music gets they’re revenge!
Don't obey traffic laws? I'll waste your time.
A slight inconvenience?
Gamer BF got his
Speaking of horrible smells...
Feral Neighbor thinks he is the Parking Monitor
Don't mess with little girls
Rebound.
Pay-pal was withholding my holiday funds, but ended up paying me.
Be a completely condescending asshole to me, and then hand me your business card? I know what to do with that.
Petty act of dickishness overdone in return
The 3 day parking war
Annoy me enough and I will introduce your students to local laws
It’s Mine
That's not your parking spot.
Enjoy your coffee
A birthday present for a cheating ex
"Park like an ass, expect to be treated like one"
The 8th grade Manhattan project
Obnoxious co-worker revenge
Annoying neighbors get woken up early in the morning because of loud music
Insult my weight? I hope you like the taste of vomit.
Don't fuck with my best friend.
The neighbour complained about our green pool. So we renovated the whole yard, including repainting the pool....dark green!
Bully me for years? Here's some porn for your drive
Petty revenge against my stupid GT English Teacher
Can we please think a little more about the titles we give our stories?
Lets be real you won't get into university
Refuse to take out the trash? Get your own trash can.
No more candy
Advice needed for asshole co-worker
You made me run across campus for this?
Fine. I'll wash your dishes.
Political Awareness
Leave My Stuff In My Room
I know I should feel really gross and bad about this but fuck them. I put up with their shit for two years.
Talk about me behind my back? The price? Your social life
Upping the ante
Take my phone changer? Fine, your phone won't be charged.
Short and sweet
Don't ask bitchy questions all day then ask for my recipe.
Making domestic abuse "jokes" online? I wonder if your gf will find it funny
Compact means compact
revenge on housemates
Block my car? I’ll do the same
So you want to bang tennis balls and scream by my window at 7AM? Rock on...
The Potato Enthusiast
Maitre'd in restaurant repeatedly acts like a dick, how about several demotions?
Scream at my fiance for throwing out your expired food? Enjoy your expired muffins!
My job is lame, boring and cheap.
Revenge on my ex?
Revenge on a bully.
Hassle me while I'm packing up? I'll make you incur a tiny extra expense next year!
Airport queue cutters
Don't be a dick to a model student
Shitty Classmate betrays the whole class. Class retaliates with revenge.
Just a little revenge in Overwatch
Feed your volunteers.
Revengeful thrid wheel.
SUPER SPICY Takis.
School lets valedictorian cheat on final, I get petty with a typo
Be rude and take my seat ..... I'll bloody well make you wait!
Auditor makes a taxpayer look for documents he doesn’t really need because the taxpayer is a butthead
No Internet for you
Don't want to refund my order, then I will place a big order.
Long time bully finally gets the roast he deserves
Made me almost miss my bus stop? Revenge is coming your way.
getting my ex rescinded from college
I deliberately slow down support for annoying customers
When my manager at my last job pissed me off...
Don't want to pull your weight? That's fine, you won't need to now.
Karmas a asshole
sidework sabotage
Concert booze awesomeness
uncle destroys entitled dude
My sister was an asshole
Revenge for a breakup.
I’m not sure this counts because I wasn’t looking for it.
revenge via long distance
Not the brightest bulb...
He bullyed my friend because of his special needs
Your job title calls you the controller, but I feel like I have the upper-hand..
Someone was stealing gasoline
Don't seat you? Sure!
How I got revenger on my Stepmom and my bio dad
Don't even try.
See Emily Play (A bit Choosing Beggar as well)
Keep eating my food, enjoy the bathroom for the next few days
Asshole old guy goes off on me at a movie theater for dumb reason
Meta: can I give a suggestion. Or is this only stories? N/m
Annoy my friends with concert filming? Two can play at that game.
Petty Revenge against JPMorgan Chase Bank
Send me unwanted credit card offers? I'll make you waste money in postage.
Don't wanna pay me? That's fine
Petty revenge my indian giving boss
I Might Be Temporarily Blocked for a Week, But Sure Feels Good Disabling His Account
Asshole neighbor has been trying to plant peas in a planter for two years, and doesn't know I've been stealing the seeds every time he puts new ones in.
Bully gets dropped on school grounds
Steal my bricks- twice? Good luck getting your trailer back!
Early Morning Layover
Don't tail gait me. Especially if you're speeding
you thought you were getting some of my drink?
Schedule me a day I'm unavailable? I don't think so
Dicks Don't Get Gas
I'm ripping out my whole lawn out of spite (mostly)
Lock the door!
Good luck watching GOT this Sunday
Please, push your seat back more so I can get my knees further into your back.
Keep stupid comments to yourself in public, please...
Make fun of me? Sit at work by yourself on your birthday.
Harass me at my job for 2 years? Enjoy being banned for a quarter.
Almost hit me wth the Bus? I'll take your Job Thank You.
I stole my moms 4 karat wedding ring &amp; was in for a wild ride
Cursed out for correcting dog
The smallest petty revenge ever, at EB games today.
Not Gonna Pay Me? You Will Now
Oh, you are being rude and unreasonable? Wait another 20 min
Here’s your modem Comcast; better get it before crackhead Steve down the street does (Longish)
Call me a murderer and I will send you for audit (x-post from /r/talesfromcallcenters)
Be a brat towards a stranger as a 12 year old? Get your day ruined.
You Don’t Want That $5 Off As Bad As You Think You Do
Touch me inappropriately twice? I will destroy your business silently and effectively.
"It's easier to ask forgivness than permission". Screw that, it's not your stuff!
Sister pranked so I got her back
What's with all the flies?
To the guy that pushed past me to get on the train first and shouldered me in the face: Enjoy the foundation mark my nose left on your suit.
Nyan revenge
Black Friday parking brings out the worst in people . . .
Revenge ideas for a bad ebay buyer?
You piss me off? No homework for you!
Insult me in the comments? Say goodbye to your fics and donations
It’s raining cash!
Downstairs neighbors turn their bass up as to the maximum allowed level everyday, so I get petty revenge.
Husband’s girlfriend caught forging my name on my car title.
My roommate thinks he's a bed wetter
Sh*t Talk
Colleague refuses to change his loud and annoying ringtone that rings 40 times a day. Cue petty revenge.
Bully
Set Bots Against Me? I'll Run You $5,000.
Harass me? I’ll get you expelled
Don't cross until the light turns green
My petty revenge against ignorant neighbor blocking my driveway
Make me partially deaf? Enjoy cleaning out your car's interior.
Worst Elementary School vs Petty Family on Grad Night
You think you stole my parking spot?
Hostess petty revenge.
My only act of petty revenge that i can remember.
(x-post from r/funny) Infrared Oven descriptions...
Letting your teachers jaw drop
No heat? Okay then...
Woman finds my story about her and goes sicko mode.
I stole her bf
Bitchy wife gets a surprise.
Have a party and make a lot of noise while I'm trying to get some sleep enjoy not having internet.
This is dumb petty, like really dumb.
Hope You Like Hazelnut!
The Woes of Being a Delivery Driver
Think you're gonna make me cry? I like it this way.
Eat my ice cream, eat my poop
Aggressively Tailgate me, Enjoy your Speeding Ticket.
You steal company time to plan your wedding; I'll steal your desired email addresses
Lie to me to park in my lot when I'm trying to close it so I can go home? Good luck getting out.
A very purple petty revenge move
Stop treating our friend like a god? Why don't we make him a god.
Mugged at knifepoint
I Will Enjoy Interviewing You After You Were a Jerk
Today was the last day of a month-long summer camp I worked at for kids 6-12 with behavioral problems
Ex Revenge is sweetest when you don't even have to try.
Convenience Fee
Exacting revenge on package thieves
Interrupt my homework time? Let me educate you on your lingual shortcomings.
Karma at its finest for a bitch who intentionally spoiled my favorite book series
That's not my middle initial!
My Neighbors Hit My Tutors' Cars
PR request: handling solicitors who ignore my sign
Petty roommate revenge
I don't know if this would count as revenge but here's my story anyway.
Ice to meet you, again.
Entitled people at a demolition derby
Defusing False Claims of Racism
Corrupt Police Officer stops my uncle for a Bribe. I vomit all over him
Cheating fiance won't give me my ring back.
Terrible housemate has to fork out a shitload of money and has nobody else to blame
Neighbors think everything they see belongs to them, resulting in them getting baked during heat wave, loosing couple of thousand bucks and becoming bancrupt, resulting in loosing their house
Not another toot from you!...maybe one from me.
Doing no work in school? Get grade nuked!
Wrong switch position
Discovered Karma doing its ✨magic✨ upon discovering my ex’s Reddit account
Don't give me road rage and then follow me home...
Don’t like my birthday music you get more of it
I make my brothers lunches. When they're being exceptionally annoying, I make their sandwiches with the end slices of bread.
Took the idea from another redditor earlier, enjoy being stoned with a connection to the internet.
"Temp workers do not lock"
Friend calls me out on being late, gets left behind.
Eat lava, line-cutter
Why do stories which are so obviously made up get set to the top of /r/PettyRevenge? Isn't truth more satisfying?
My younger brothers nickname for me gets him detention
Couple tries to steal a party table at a restaurant and end up waiting an hour for the same table
Trespassing on an old mans property might be a bad idea.
I spilled water and got my brother's socks wet
“It’s just some light, get over it”
Made A Waiter Pay
Don't insult your driver
Office jerk will be humiliated on the day he learns to read.
Asshole vendor.
I think I just got pettyrevenged by the airport convenience store cashier.
Not doing your job = more work for you
Messed up their coffee break!
Mother robbed father and fled country
Scientific resarch on petty revenge
Drenched
Be a good neighbor, especially if you are squatting illegally.
Want to watch movies on MY account? Alright, hope you enjoy Bollywood
Coffee thief will have to get his own coffee from now on, but first I'm feeling kind of thirsty...
You will remember my face
Give me grief because I asked for your ID? Ooops, didn't see that coupon.
So you're the shit and no one can live without your existence. Have fun doing it by yourself.
Sabotaging the Sabotager
Steak not cooked right you say?!
Older sibling revenge
I call out Facebook friends for changing their profile photos to a flag instead of taking meaningful action, they call me out for being a hypocrite and say I'm not doing anything myself, so I donate $60 to the Manchester Bombing victims just to prove them wrong (this all went down a few months back)
So petty
Rubbed my bear ass all over MY bed
My wife stole my wine!
Yes ma'am, I will go in the back to look for nonexistent stock and waste your time
Vroom vroom, motherfucker
Not going fast enough for you?
Karma on a neighbour
Spam away +1 (702) 831-7800
Rude bitch secretary
Need to be somewhere? I SWEAR there was enough on that card...
Friend tries to get me into trouble for staying up late? Read this to find out how I got him to do my dishes in a crazy way
"It was on the Syllabus let us show you"
Honk at me trying to enter a gated community? Think again.
Douchebag gets what he deserves in mall parking lot
Hey Cheater
A-Hole School Admin Gets what he deserves
Step dad left my family then cussed out my mom in front of their 3yr old
Not me, but I witnessed it.
Deaf revenge
Ranting customer "accidently" calls store owner a racial slur to her face...kinda
Stay in my department? Okay.
My dad put grass seeds on my sisters lawn.
A satisfying way to get revenge on an old white man telling me I'm anti-feminist
Oh Andy, you old finger drummer!
Entitled Grandpa and Grandma locks us out from our own garden, so we get revenge
Highschool math-class fiasco
Corrupt neighborhood watch
Revenge on a dog
Why you shouldn't be a self-entitled bitch around high schoolers with no guilt.
Humble pie served right
Don't Treat Me Like A Moron, Mr. Canadian Tuxedo
I got my revenge on my hubby and 3 buildings full of people saw it lol
Oh, you're a self-centered condescending dick to everyone? Tell me more about how you want to mention my name to my boss in a job application.
Holiday time parking lots
Break my phone I’ll steal your switch
Dirty Apple vs Noodles
Selfish prick of a brother
I can't sell value to customers? Okay your turn to try!
Why yes I am maintaining eye contact and smiling at you just so you know I am delaying you on purpose.
I can't believe how happy I was when Karma came around.
Basically; is there any kind of revenge fine?
Workplace Imploded after Resigning
Demand free stuff? Fine, have nothing and land a court case.What's that smell?
Rascist bar
Yes I’m petty
Country Music stars get generated.
Go ahead watch your news, if you can!
The war next door aka 2 petty women
Unintentional payback!
revenge on son of a bitch art teacher
That'll teach him to take your lunch
Revenge on the In Laws!
HS Neighbor kid wakes me up me at odd hours, asking for my credit card, i'll make your parents pay..
Oh i see how it is...
My 60+ year old alcoholic neighbor HARDCORE keyed my car after we got into a verbal argument earlier that night. I got you bitch
Petty Revenge from 1972, fun with Television, on behalf of my friend Vivian...
Shorten my name? Ok then, guess I’m shortening yours.
Revenge on an Ex. A Groomsman's Tale
Ripped out stairs so annoying neighbor would have to walk farther to get to mailbox
Q: Anyone know what happened to the the bride-to-be who stole $30k?
Messing up your TikTok train musical
A petty teenager's petty revenge
you got to love entitled sisters
Entitled teacher hates manga art and tries to suppress budding artists based on this hatred, get's unceremoniously fired.
Scam me? Get your whole village murdered
Didn't want to waste a cigarette? Don't be a prick.
Petty revenge on my furniture-ripping cat
Fuck with my controller, I eat crumbly biscuits in your bed
Ride my tail and high-beam me? We'll see about that
Getting really tired of your shit
Want me to do your languaging for you?
Ruined my life? Have a nice morning ;).
I pushed another student into a bush.
Make up rules that only apply to me? Enjoy counting coins
“See when you do clownery, the clown comes back to bite”
Ass Blaster
Kid who called me autistic, got what he had coming..
Unwilling to pay? Let them eat semen cake!
Tease me about doing work instead of going out on Friday night? You underestimate me.
Give me a parking ticket, I dare you.
My wife and I had an argument so I ate the last Trader Joe’s Chocolate Chip Ice Cream Sandwich that we usually split. The whole goddamn thing. By myself.
Jaded neighbour keeps parking his Ute and trailer across our side gate.
Oops, lost his number?
REQUEST: How to get revenge on this bartender
Stuck up server gets her just desserts
I'm sorry, you'll get it when you're older.
Pass me up for a well deserved raise? say goodbye to your biggest contract
The Tenant has the POWER!
I hacked her roblox account because she was pissing me off but i never knew I would find out this about her...
Accidental Petty Revenge
Ghosting musician (who screwed me)
Stopping a tailgater dead in her tracks
Advice Animals has a petty revenge
Petty prank wars
Fine, no tp for you
The manias sandwich.
Have a shitty day (dog story).
Park your moped like an ass? It might not be where you left it when you get back.
I hope you're overweight
You push me? I'll pull you!
The neighborhood bitch got a taste of her own medicine but I need more revenge after she brought my underage daughter into her psycho rant
The Nacho AvengerI knew the Syllabus better than the head of the department
if you're going to be an a**hole, don't leave your car unlocked
1...cut a hole in the box. 2...take a dump in that box
Semitrailer checkpoint, petty revenge
I might or might not have stole her towel while she was in the shower
Guess you could say God stopped him in his tracks.
Lady is rude on bus, has to wait a long time at the post office.
I ruined my bully's relationship and potentially his college chances.
Sex? Money? And ?
So much for being above cheating, huh?
Douchebag neighbors upstairs
My friend makes fun of me so I accidentally break his phone
Me and my siblings do NOT get along.
10 items or less
Just let me use the piano...
Tailgating revenge
Rude Customer Revenge
Revenge for Being smug
Haha, now you have to use your keys.
Guess you wont be using your phone now
Screw driver, screw the driver
Reach that itch
Horrible Housemates, I’m Moving Out...
Simple daily revenge on crappy customer service rep co-worker
Parking lot revenge
Petty vengeance just a key stroke away
Not so clean laundry
Watch out for employees that administrate your phones.
Sorry for being born dad.
She bullied me in middle school so...I got her fired.
Too drunk to go to work? Too bad.
Shocking the Class Clown
This is how you get shit done.
I hope you lose a foot.
My sister is flooding me with snap chats of her dog...time for some petty revenge.
Don't clean up after yourself? I'll make sure you'll be as dirty as you leave the dorm.
I seriously suspect people living at 215 70th St, Virginia Beach, VA 23451 are hiding from the law or mafia or something. Just trying to help my friends out there! Peace!
Split second decision revenge
My day in court
Called me pregnant when I was 13, got punched in the face 8 years later
Fell asleep on the couch? Fine, sleep there for the night.
You hate your life and try to make everyone else miserable, I'll show you
Impatient guy has to be patient.
New housemates already stealing food from me.
Cut me off? Prepare to wait.
Pettily replaced some stickers:)
soak my washing up gloves i eat your special occasion chocolate
FREE To Anybody But Ann!
Revenge at work
Nursing undergrad didn’t know I’m a Registered Nurse
Keep breaking building norms? Enjoy getting doused.
PITA Fee
Yell at me to finish the laundry? I hope you like spit in your pockets
I felt my Ex-Boyfriend needed a little religion in his life...
I goaded a road rager into getting a speeding ticket
Petty ass boss gets her petty ads memed
If I cant play my game neither can you.
Sweet smelly revenge.
Discontinuity.
Who's first in line now? Me.
My brother sets his alarm to an unreasonably time, then leaves and never turns it off
Annoying makeup roommate
Brother tells me to be independent and I reply soon after
Think you know more about soccer than me? Guess again.
User Requests to Find a Porn Star that looks like his friend's sister. I tip the sister and the friend.
Like mother like daughter - the tale of my moms petty revenge
Nosey odd job man has something to be nosey about
I'm a driver for AAA...
Got back at the nosy neighbor lady
Don't make promises you aren't going to keep.
No sauce for you.
My necklace is ugly? Sorry, we don’t have what you’re looking for in stock.
My mom was bitching at me about how "Unsanitary" my room was...
Filed noise complaint on neighbors, now my fog lights on my car are busted. Need to get back.
Say I don't have any common sense? Prepare to lose your job
A comedy of errors and a serious creep.
To my former partner and now stalker... I know you are reading this.
My husband and I have petty revenge wars
Take my 75 dollars? I'll tie up your resources until we're even.
Don't cut in line and yell at the cashier.
Want to keep switching the radio, smell this!
Rule #1: Never mess with the people that handle your food.
Drink my lemonade every time I go for a pit break? Good luck drinking THAT.
A Cut to the Win
Be a dick look like a fool
Festival bathrooms suck enough as it is.
Wanna be a douchey ex? Guess you don't mind paying for my movies then.
Kid Tells Me To Reschedule A Party That Wasn’t Mine
The whole restaurant mocks the annoying sound coming from a child's souvenir flute
Pillowcase petty revenge
Email for everyone
When you leave a mess in the kitchen I let my dog nap on your bed
Got a Waiter in Trouble With His Manager
Steal my friend’s seat? Sit cramped then.
No sweeties for you.
How I paid back my friend for stealing my girl and going through my personal emails.
Roommate won’t close the door? Fine, I’ll turn our room into a giant contraption
Parking Lot Justice
Stupid ass thief gets himself caught.
Want to cut me in line? Nice try, be prepared next time.
Petty Revenge on Petty Revenge
Boss wouldn’t believe I was ill. So I sent her a nasty pic of my nasty diarrhoea poop.
Scared the school bully so much, they ran off in fear
Enjoy Your Porn, Walter
Sent my neighbor a glitter bomb because he was a dickhead to me
I should never taunt friends.
Petty revenge ideas for terrible neighbor
The pettiest of Tupperware revenge
Dear creep neighbor:
Considering making someone panic and get unnecessary medical testing
Rude neighbor catches husband's pretty revenge
Turn off your fucking brights.
Consistently ignore department policy, make messes for others to clean up, and ignore guidance from those with more experience? I bet you'll like cleaning up messes yourself then
Best Anon “STD ALERT” text or email to the people who deserve it....HILARIOUS
Badmouth me? Then I'll badmouth you to your boss
Petty revenge for my excessive talking workmate.
My former boss called me a moron on Facebook.
Slow burning revenge
Spam me about getting married, I’ll spam you right back bro!
Always tip your server
Don't drive like a douche in your company car.
Cheat and pay the price.
Be Racist to My Black Coworker? Enjoy Your Fucked Up Drinks
Disrespect your new employee? Now you don't have to worry about a job at all!
Break my heart? I'll take away Netflix.
You asked for it!!!
R/HelpWanted my fam
Be rude and lazy? Lose your tip.
I can't go to lunch at 12:30? You sure about that?
That will teach her to be petty because I am the master.
Mayor of Butt F*ck City? We'll See....
Guy made an inconsiderate comments to another redditor that was absolutely terrible. So I spent a good amount of time going through and down voting all of his posts. It took a long time but I almost got it to zero.
Gonna be a bitch? I'll spit on everything you own
We Love Icecream!!!
Workflow specialist makes work impossible - I embarrass her in front of a crowd.
Beware to whom you're a dick
Got kicked out of the Gym – My Revenge
Pull a feminist card? Fine. Enjoy your drink.
Ajaj
Naughty housemate and her boyfriend
Turned tables on manners.
FIL is mean to me, I plot my revenge
Share with thy neighbor
Send my pre-closers home, stay at work all night with me!
After girlfriend and I split up, signed her up for gay and granny porn sites. Along with several over-the-phone-surveys. (please read context before judgement)
Hold my bag, will you?
I thwarted someone's petty revenge on me, and turned it into my own petty revenge!
Call my wire work "shotty," degrade me in front of customer's kids while I work? You are officially a hated neighbor.
New Upstairs Cloggers
The one time I admired my mom.
The Handyman was three hours late.
Can you keep an eye on my backpack?
Blame me for your kid's bad behaviour? Say goodbye to your TV remote.
I feel bad for the woman. But...
Tanteum Karen in Metro (the grocery store).
Move my computer, I'll move it back
Sent to jail? Drink up!
Milk does a body good. Right?
ON YOUR LEFT!!
Your daughter is too precious to walk through a parking lot? Guess you can't leave.
My Summer War of Passive Aggression
Tailgating Revenge!
If you give me attitude, I give you calories.
Enjoy your nice cold nap.
She had the cigarettes back
Your privacy is fully kept
First post
Opinions: Did I go too far?
The Meatball Surprise
The Guinness Story
Enough of fuckin papers.
Harass our kids over normal living noise? Fine
My little form of Petty Revenge
I got pettyrevenge on my abusive father
Boss pissed me off, I made him stop smoking for the day
Passive aggressive vs Passive Aggressive Roomate
Make fun of my phone? You lost your job.
My boss sits playing solitaire while I'm absolutely slammed with work... he shouldn't leave his computer unattended
This why you should never park in a loading zone..
Don't make a fool of myself? Okay...
That makes you think of me? Well this makes me think of you.
Don't stand so, don't stand so close to me.
Cafeteria revenge
Хочешь жить - умей вертеться!
Revenge of his fantasies
Call me unprofessional? I'll make you quit your job.
The loud lan party
The long game: don't call me a bitch
Smells Fishy
No, I haven't seen your hat around, sorry aboot that!
My sister was cheating in among us so I made her think she was being stalked.
Moving brings out the worst in people!
Friends dog ate my whole pastrami sandwich out of my hand, i released the hounds
Extra-spicy tacos
Quick and easy
I have taken time out of my day to make my highschool bullies day shittier.
Laugh in my friends face after he compliments you?
Girls can’t game huh?
Crazy woman at gas station
I Miss My Longboard :(
Was pissed off at my friend.
Goodluck to your newly built PC
Enjoy your traffic ticket, you jerk.
An old story, but a favorite to tell. Don't annoy overnight fast food employees.
Rush me and i'll make you stay on the load screen for a long time
Hit me with your car..go to jail
Revenge on the porch pirates in my area
Petty revenge against our entitled neighbours gets them ticketed and fined by the authorities.
Put your grocery cart away!
Catastrophic Event, more like catastrophic pettiness
No cookie for me? No cookies for you.
Like Rosa Parks, I stand for rights on a bus
Playing on your greatest fears.
My girlfriend encountered a REAL named Karen
Cheat off my test? Fail the class
Wreck my Sundays?
Stare at me daily while I eat my lunch? Not today!
Petty Revenge on Friend's Ex Paid Off Better Than I Expected
Call me stupid? Enjoy your long, now two-way bus ride.
Treat me like shit and I will truly inconvenience you
Don't f**k with the maintainers
Try to manipulate us? Game on.
You try and be petty with me?
Take that you old hag!
Dormitory Space
Discredit me behind my back - get screwed on your project
Triing to be cool by cheating? Get an big fat F
Sorry, hadn't realized you were trying to watch something...
Thank you Cody
Telemarketer and Phone Scammer Revenge.
Cheat on me? Maybe I'll forget to plug your cars cooling fan back in when fixing it.
Snarky Memo = Snarky Parker
Mess with my thermostat will ya...
I thought this was too petty for /r/pettyrevenge...until I got the email
Use the bus lane in a traffic jam? Enjoy your ticket.
Steal Art =&gt; Sale Art =&gt; Lose Business
"I paid a 13 year old rapper to write a diss track about my ex-girlfriend who cheated on me" from /r/notTimandEric
Teachers suck...
The Statue 'An IRL Story About My Ex-Boyfriend's Stupid Decisions'
Abused a child for comedy
He's trying to figure out why he can't play his Facebook slot games.
Loud cell phone music revenge
Blow me off? Okay, freeze then.
Want to keep stealing peoples' drinks? Enjoy one on the house...
Redneck revenge in a parking lot.
You should probably learn your passwords.
Being the bigger person
Manager told me to drive in a hailstorm then complained about vehicle damage
You continuously foul me in a scrimmage? I hope you enjoy a ball in your face.
She cut me off and I honked at her. I won.
"Sis, you let your friend borrow my car without my permission, &amp; the engine died &amp; the brakes quit? Guess what? You get to white knuckle it all the way home thru the twisty canyon."
My dog is better at this than I am
Petty revenge on my landlord.
People dont understand personal space.
You like spoiling everything I'm watching? Hope you like me spoiling what you like too
Revenge is a dish best served... *Cold*
Charge me extra and the lie about it? Enjoy a smaller tip.
Some guy online called my little brother a "fag" so i decided to have some fun.
Kid stole my son's jacket, but we got the last laugh
I guess you’ll have to unlock both
Take that you lazy co-worker
Pee on the seat in a bathroom stall at a busy movie theater.
Snotty project manager
Being squashed sucks, doesn't it?
Neighbor playing opera at 3am. I started playing metal music until he got a hefty fine and got kicked of his lease
Lie to my mom about me? Find a new place to do your underage drinking at!
Call me fat? Have fun playing your video game, asshole.
His new name is, "Toe Jam"
Mess with my shortened sleep schedule? You will pay.
How about we waste your time for being a prick
Used our friend as a scapegoat
Every time you honk, you make one driver happy
Co-worker from Hell about to get Hell.
NEVER cheat on best friend
" Lynch, 66, wrote the word “douchebag” in black spray paint on the side of his barn facing the restaurant."
conference call the telemarketers
Boyfriend cheated, returned his handmade gifts in the best way possible
Have fun with your audit.
Bee ready
After being lead on and finally giving up, this came last week
Petty Revenge On A Bully Boss
Hold the pickles, hold the lettuce.....
Anti-maskers
I'm voting against any politician who has text spammed me
The Day Sam Blew His Cool
Try to steal my rent money? Get evicted!
Box me in with your parking job huh? I'll show you.
Revenge Idea request
Piss me off, I Drive you out Devil
Cashier at chiropractor laughs that she's going to have to charge me $10 for losing my ID
Internet scam? Fine, I'll leave your mom a voice message.
Assume I'm a bitch? Get hit where it hurts.
Stingy on the heat? Prepare to get chilly!
YOUR REVISION IS COMPLETE
Didn’t want to be reasonable about a fence well I’ll put one up first.
Wanna take my pizza? Enjoy
Verizon tries to get people to switch away from unlimited data and presents it as a benefit
The end result
Nobody does dishes at work when the office manager takes a day off.
Trying to copy my test? As you wish.
You ruin my camp I’ll throw away your shit (this is my first post here so sorry if it’s bad)
when I called my mom out on her bullshit
Take apart my heart? I'll take apart your PC.
Come on time to the bus.
Don't drive in the shoulder.
How do I get back at a hotel that cancelled my booking and put me out on the street at 11pm?
Don't be rude to people on the elevator. You won't get to the restroom on time.
My brother ate my Halloween candy so I'm forcing him to watch nothing but commercials right now.My cousin wouldn't shut up...
Everybody lifts.
You have NO IDEA how far I'll go to get my revenge
Asshole employee finally gets what they deserve
I'm not your Excel Monkey
Accidentally corrupted 7zip file trying to remove password. fixer can keep the videos for research purposes(lol)Lie about me out of spite and try to get me sacked? Enjoy unemployment you vindictive shit.
LPT for foodservers who receive poor tips for flawless service.
I asked you to turn the music down...
No smoothie for you!
Should I use weedkiller on her giant plant?
The stairs aren't for hanging out, now go bleach your eyes.
Parking Lot Picnic Time
Condescending jerk becomes the laughing stock of an entire classroom
Trashy child, trashy mom, trashy yard!
Tell me to cover up in my own yard, be beholden to my thighs every Summer
I'm sorry, do you have somewhere to be?
Cheap friend gets made poorer. Just a petty amount.
I let a delivery guy open a door for ten minutes because he yelled at me
Late to pick up your grandson?
Cleaning the Hoover
Let’s just stick exactly to the rules, shall we?
Sorry for helping you with your dog
Remove us from the group chat after an argument? You drew the line there bud.
Try to edge in on my boyfriend? Enjoy your floppy-shoes workout!
Getting revenge on wannabe thief’s
Popped her balloons at a Rihanna concert
You do know my name, don't you?
(online game) steal my stuff I worked hard to get? I will make sure to make you regret that
Karen At The Pharmacy
A rude rude man on a scooter who cut everyone in line at a Wal-Mart in Florida.
Soon to be ex-wife is keeping my Dog and car from me.
This guy sitting across from me on this coach bus is taking up an obnoxious amount of leg room.
What petty revenge can I take?
You better like that head room...
Send a "fuck you" letter or a free "fuck you" email
Too busy to put it away? Have fun putting them ALL away!
College teachers break up classmate couple and staff wonder who keeps bending their tea spoons.
I vomited all over a corrupt cop demanding my uncle give him $100
You have no power here!
Petty revenge on a cat
Act like a child. Act like a child...
Impatient right turn lady revenge
Neatnick nanny erases spouse, I erase her handwriting.
I said I'm NOT Chinese!
You set your alarm too early everyday and hit snooze over and over? Go to work with no shower.
No raise again this year.
A housemate didn't pay rent for 2 months and broke into my house, and so when he got a job at the same place as I did, I got revenge.
NEED IDEAS TO GET THIS LOSER OUT OF MY APARTMENT
You’re impatient? I guess I’ll take my time.
Don't ever f*** with people's money bruh
Be a shitty customer? Get a shitty product.
Throw stuff at me? Fine. I'll move.
coworker talks smack, gets put in place
Wake me up at 4am? Don't expect much sleep...
How to ruin a DC bureaucrat's day?
It'll only take a minute.
I stooped as low as my bank account
Take something important from me, I’ll take something important from you.
Subtly fucking with coworker.
My mothers social media addiction
Think your laundry is more important that everyone else's? Hope you like lint, bro.
Spring cleaning with a side of petty revenge.
Tupac Lives
Make my day, I'll make your pizza buddy!
Driver hits a pedestrian, then has to pay for hundreds of dollars in damage.
Petty revenge, old school
Headphones
Co-worker is the anti-grandma who nobody likes and thought she could get away with pushing me around.
A petty clean
Gonna try and rob me of $500 worth of shit? I'm gonna shame you and take your new bong.
Kid gets me suspended on psn and I have him perma banned
Be rude to airport staff? enjoy the results!
I Guess I Work at Walmart
Use the last of my ketchup will you?
Sorry you walked into me, here's my umbrella
Revenge on a rude and obnoxious parent
I got revenge against Karen,the negligent Mom.
No earphones allowed? Enjoy me rocking out to a song that makes you twitch!
My Ex
Instant fender bender karma
Jokes on them..
Block my view of the concert? I take your spots!
So you want to do drugs and steal from me? Hope you enjoy your new soundtrack for life.
Respect the man on two wheels.
Question about USPS label for revenge..
My 1st grade teacher.
My cheating ex tries being weird so I make it weirder.
How I owned a Karen in fourth grade.
Dad fought HOA board and won
I got revenge on an old workplace by starting a rumour.
Have fun sorting those.
Give me lame excuse for not making the food I already paid for? Enjoy the natural consequences, Ben.
Fake an illness for time off? Enjoy.
Drink Share Petty
Scholastic Karma
Entitled dad on the trail gets shitty
You seeing this pump, bro?
Advice?
Road rage gets you no where
Don't want to talk to people? Enjoy talking to people.
Now it's your turn to swallow
Small but sweet petty revenge on petty ex employer
"Go get a private car?" How about stop letting yourself get distracted while driving on a highway at rush hour?!
overcharge me for coffee? Thanks for the spoon
You want to call me a fucking cunt for slightly leaning my boot at the side of your chair? I’ll fucking slam it on the chair next time around.
Bullied me?
Park in my handicap spot get your car towed
Who just puts food on people?
So, I was kind of a dick when I was in high school...
Choose to be lazy with your deposits, I'll take up both of our time.
We don't do passive aggressive man ........ let's talk about this.
Airport etiquette.
Want to use the argument tactics of a small child? Prepare to face your own tactics aided by technology.
Revenge on my dad
An Old Friend and Las Vegas
So you want to be a cheater?
I made my ex buy back all his games
Jilted Chinese woman sends 1,000 kilograms of onions to ex-boyfriend’s doorstep
Bashed my knees dropping his seat back.
the best possible use for the dirtiest possible engine oil
Won't put away the socks?
Take Up Two Tables? Courtesy Denied
Oh, knock over my pineapple? Have my Pringles, too.
Relieve me late then expect me to clock in early for you? HA!
Be careful what you demand, because we might give it to you.
Disrespectful cousin doesn't find the recovery lair he expects...
Roommate likes to sleep, so I let him
Disrespectful behavior is distracting.
Tailgate me in a 30 mph zone? Enjoy going 5 under for a mile.
A business reneged on a promised donation to our silent auction
Caught a kid Masturbating during classPeople steal my stuff so I prick them
Keep me behind after work? Get epic pranko mode
I just called a college to ask about my application &amp; when the receptionist was being rude I hung up on her
kid makes his dads head hurt
Stop Asking, Kid.
Get used to the new hairstyle mom.
High school pranks that got a little too far.
Fake fan photo revenge
"Do you have a minute" revenge
Roommate's Boyfriend Uses All of Our Communal Stuff
The city gave me this spot
Family could not handle their demon spawn in a store
Scam me? I'll get you right back
Childhood school bus bully story
Taking revenge on my annoying brother
Act like a spoiled princess, and I'll make sure you look like one.
Cheaters don't deserve comics.
She didn't want to hang out with me anymore, so she stopped replying to me, blocked me, and didn't give me even a note. Do you know what I'm going to do?
Guy tries to roast me for a girl
Other driver was a dick, so I screwed him out of a parking stop.
Forced HP to accept my return
Waiting in line for nothing.
Today I sprayed Windex on a family
stuff like Mailbait.info
Rude old woman thinks she can insult me behind my back
Hope you enjoyed your night, because I’m going to enjoy your wake up call.
Take a dump on my doorstep? Mistake 1.
Be A Dick To Us? Enjoy The Fail.
Cheater gets what’s coming his way
You blame me anyway...
Be an inconsiderate jerk at the gas pump? I'll block you in.
Entitled Kid cheats off of my test so I decide to make him pay!
Sign Me Up! Petty revenge on an old roommate
Come on over!
"Farterfly", or "How My Subconscious was a Dick Last Night"
Point out that I'm not working will you...
Lie that I swapped your monitor for an older model will you?
Park too close to me?
Roommate Woes
Got my lying ex-friend and drug dealer arrested.
The people you pass on the way up.
Eat the rest of my chips? Okay.
Don't mess with the girl that writes your cheques
It’s a parking spot dude, relax!
Petty revenge for a petty bar owner.
Worst co-worker ever asks me for a reference after getting laid off. Enjoy your extended unemployment.
Petty revenge on douche mean girl roommate
Try to get an 8 year old kid to pay a defaulted loan that wasn't even his? I'll just insult you and waste your time!
The long ride home
Can't pay me but you can go to Mexico for 2 weeks? Well, then....
(Kind of old story) Who's the fool now?
Interfering brother in law misses out on Christmas tradition
My sister has no idea....
A 14 year old should not be given authority over younger children
Deleted my sisters favorite photos from her instagram
Don't be rude to the Mc Donalds cashier. ESPECIALLY when you're in the line in front of a girl who just wants to buy a Pokémon Happy Meal toy.
bully me, have fun losing all your friend's
Oh no they didn't
Arrested, bitch! (X-post /r/pettyrevenge)
Back Yard neighbors refuse to take care of their dog (Incessant barking early morning/late night)
Not necessarily petty revenge, but that bitch at the jukebox deserved it.
Call me names? You’ve earned yourself one.
Great fertilizer
Guy harasses my GF, I make sure he doesn't get his dream job
I skyrocketed to peak pettiness today
Revenge on noisy neighbours
Got revenge on my bro for teasing me about drinking my dad's piss
Lovey revenge
I will now ask for your ID every single time you come in
Bro cuts off my disturbing videos.
Complain about me being 15 minutes late? I'll stop coming in early.
Slut-shame me and play the victim to Mommy and Daddy? Let them find out the truth!
'Punish' us with 15 minutes of extra work, let's turn that into 6 hours.
My computer has been infected by a virus!
Hypocrite co-worker about phone time (Strong Language)
Accuse me of "cheating"?
Is this much enough?
Roommate files false police report, ends up having to leave apartment permanently
My roommate called me a bitch so I put the toilet paper the wrong way.
Fun with scammers
If you keep harassing me with your sales pitches then I'll harass you back!
Try to stop me from going to the bathroom? Okay, then.
petty no kitty
I think my dog subscribes to this sub.
I'll teach you to recycle..
The (Petty) Revenge of Mombie
Reddit I need help with my stepmom.
Little but satisfying revenge for an awful vacation
Minty fresh!
Don't put your cart away? Okay, hun.
After years of misery and humiliation, I'm finally speaking out against the GSUSA
Wanna blast loud music? Fine enjoy your spam emails.
Wont turn your music down? Ok then
My dad kicked me of games so I messed with his
Dumping an amazon haul into our work dumpster..
HOT wings! 🔥🔥🔥
Fuck you right back.
I ruined my middle school bully's debate team for a year.
Thief gets what he pays for
Revenge via flagger
Take that, grandma.
Abusive Moocher Gets Shunned
Don’t be a garbage boyfriend!
Offensive bumpersticker? Enjoy this Christmas song just for you
Revenge on bullies
ATTENTION!!! Cunt
grumpy pants on the train
I was actually impressed.
How my friends figured out I wasn't interested in them. -_-
Is the Qur'an God's Word? by Dr Zakir Naik | Full Lecture
Don't you ever fucking draw on my car with dry erase marker you Michelin man looking motherfucker.
I heard semen was good for your hair and skin...
Honestly the lamest pettiest revenge ever
Need help!
A store manager broke my skate board so I snapped his handbrake off
Steal my phone? I'll ruin your reputation.
Kid wasnt letting other kid get help, plan turned on him
Prevent me from doing my job and then chew me out for it? Let's see how you like it!
Walmart won't sell me beer?
I'll teach you to mess with my money
I need a recipe for Revenge
Girlfriend cheats, I rip her off
Dont bite the hand that feeds you.
Tidbit from Junior High School...
Sister thinks she rules the PlayStation I bought cause she's older than me.
My roommate slept with my girlfriend, so I came on his toothbrush.
When the manager slams the customer up against the wall for being a racist douche...
Roommate problems
Stranger snapped her fingers at me after asking for directions
Laundromat "drama"
Samoyed Husky Mix Characteristics &amp; Facts | Samoyed Husky
Is revenge worth it?
Skid on my lawn and harass my family? UPDATE
a not so nice ex....
Attack your child for choosing scholarship? Enjoy having your mouth on fire.
A tale of amphetamines, a bully in my school, and pimping.
Cold Feet and Frustration for You!
Dad gets petty AND savage!
Oh, so you've been eating my dinner for the past week huh? Have fun shitting your guts out for the next few days.
Roommate cant sleep because of the toilet
Missing Socks
Park like a d-bag? Feel my wrath!
Getting back at a cheating spouse
Late on me? Too bad for you...
You can be inconsiderate to me, I will mess your stuff up
Cutlery for cutlery
I Will Make You Mildly Uncomfortable!
Petty revenge at work...
Friend tried to make me feel Lame. Slammed by life
Give my manager an attatude, enjoy no beer.
Threw some shit at a friend
Let your mom verbally attack me, you can just pay me for your stuff
Revenge tastes sweet, wait no it tastes like vinegar
Kid on the school bus gets more than he bargained for when he steals my brother's snacks
Inspired by La Cucaracha Revenge
Irritating Elevator Passenger
Fart story
Germaphobe Was A Jerk
A story from my stagecraft teacher. A short story about a short man
Getting my money's worth out of my security deposit
Team mate jams my finger with dodgeball for agreeing he's out, got him back couple months later.
Buy condoms
You Picked The Wrong Spiteful Jerk To Illegally Park In, Guy
Thank you for supporting our program!
i hate my roommate &amp; here is why...
Stupid neighbor.
My ex-landlord is a "millionaire" so he shouldn't mind.
Pizza trousers
Be rude to me? I won't offer you a bag in which to carry your items.
So you won’t give me a clean towel!
Revenge of the offspring.
Geez. I know I’m a jerk, but I really feel like she was too.
No Cutting in Line
Call me fat, get sprayed
Urine trouble now
Eat shit Damien
Don't TP my parent's house.
True Story About the 2nd Female Cop on the ForceTreat me bad and you don't get any discounts.
Good luck cleaning up GORILLA GLUE
No Imaginiff name for you
No follow up question for you, gas bag.
Irate and sexist customer makes cashier cry, and leaves to a frozen truck that won't start.
Kick my seat on the bus? Feel the pain, bitch.
So you want to snap at me for handing you your money?
Mess with an acquaintance, call upon yourself the reign of mildly annoying revenge, Part 1
Dressing room revenge due to bad customer service
Body shamed a body shamer in middle school
Make my job harder ? Say goodbye to your Tupperware and thermos.
Book time TDLR after
Another shitty parker revenge story
Bullies never win
Postman refuses to Deliver
Don't show up for a 10 minute job? Have fun with your detention.
Douche parking,
Coworker with OCD, Covid revengeI help my sister get revenge on our little brother
Disrupt my sleep on a train? Prepare for a rude awakening.
Even though the teacher didn't see you, I did
Killing Grandma with kindness (sorry for wall of text)
So it's late dinner?
A request for all you petty heroes
"That" teacher
Scammer tries to get a 200 dollar gift card for free, but it backfires
Eat my donuts I ruin your social life.
My brother is in construction, when he has to call contractors he doesn't like and they don't answer, he waits a few seconds after the beep so they have to listen to a message of him hanging up.
Getting payback for my brother subscribing to things with my bank details...
No smiley for you!
I have all your information kid
Sister mooches mother’s drink, gets wine underaged!!!!
Homophobic bitch calling out others at school?
Hope you enjoy your shitty pool.
Getting called out for re-posting things from Reddit to Facebook.
Push over my friends? enjoy the dirty water
Those shoes you just retuned? You’re getting them back.
{RE-POST WITH BETTER FORMAT} mess with me and my friends? Face the wrath of lime green ink
Ask nicely, or don't touch my stapler!
What to stand too close, ok.
Cheat with my boyfriend? I’ll mess up your drink
am I shadow banned for /r/pettyrevenge
Revenge on a Bad Roommate
Dumping trash at the drive through? You look thirsty.
Am going to count
Make me choose my own anniversary gift? My petty revenge will make him regret it!
Honk at me? You can wait.
Threaten my children and I'll ruim your relationship. Update.
Rushed, rude guy has to wait.
Alright Son, spend your youth tormenting me, your old mother? I forgive you (now).
PETTY REVENGE AT ITS FINEST
Break traffic laws? Feel my petty revenge.
Annoying person tries to make me crash while skiing, so I blame him.
You really thought you're gonna get paid?
8762757942, scam giveaway guy from Jamaica, please prank call this number for some instant revenge.
Undo all my folded clothes?
I farted in this girl's cereal
Trying to gentrify our block? Good luck convincing anyone to buy near us...
No, You Can Have It
Angry Boston commuter confronts road blocking protesters...
Some guy has been an asshole to me for years and I got his phone number
Caught my ex cheating, so hit him where it hurt
Revenge of the DM
You are not approved!
Oh you like to use Yahoo?Oh you like to use Yahoo
So I Googled that car dealership that gave the pizza guy a hard time. https://www.google.com/search?q=F%26R+Auto+Sales+Inc%2C+1052+State+Road%2C+Westport%2C+MA&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8
Condescending Manager
An old guy was being a huge bit so I wiped dog poop on his jeep.
Quit overfilling my coffee!
So my Stepdad Said Something DISGUSTING....
How would you handle a group of homophobic, redneck roofers
Snap my pencil. I'll snap yours. Do it again and you're screwed.
Be an inpatient asshat, prepare to wait a lot more then you'd like.
leave me and lie, you get what's coming for you
You want to be an asshole? Fine, I'll expose how shitty of a teacher you really are.
Gonna stiff the pizza guy and be a bitch? Enjoy peeling your pizza off the top of the box!
Wrong change at the grocery store
Choke My Brother How About A Swift Kick In The Balls
Refuse to refund overdraft charges, ok then…
Don't sleep on me
A lesson I learned from /r/pettyrevenge
Dick around with my hours? Have fun being a person down on Thanksgiving and Black Friday!
(extremely) Petty revenge against my petty sister.
EK and EP went to my house and demand that I give the brat my Yugioh Deck
Victory on the beach.
Block my way, lose a shoe.
Petty revenge on Nephew after 9 months
You don't have time for me? Good luck explaining that to your VP.
Skin Conditioning
Don't block my view just because it's the seventh inning
Have a good one!
You Bully Me, I Steal Your Candy.
TLDR: I kicked my EX off my streaming account before she could finish GOT.
Stalker kid won't leave my sister alone
My roommate doesn't like me and doesn't want me talking to him. So his rice has done in the cooker for about an hour....
I called my vice principal a communist and got away with it
The Giant and the Scorpion
Why Don't You Help Next Time?
Hit &amp; Walk: Oof in the Arvo
To the bitch who destroyed my lego ship
Don’t eat my food
Just made this comment on someones submission. Realized it probably belongs in /r/pettyrevenge.
Troll Offensive
More fart stories
Teacher embarrassed me in front of my class, I embarrassed her in front of the principal.
On you, Reddit.
Ugh coworkers
Don't mess with customer service
Don’t be rude to the people you need things from...like plumbers in Texas during this winter catastrophe.
Seat room hog gets what's coming to him.
You Really Shouldn’t Go That Way....
Cats got me for being lazy
dont be a dick on steam
2 Part Water Polo Revenge
Call my Carne Asada plate Cat meat and saying it's overpriced? Fine, enjoy your salad sans taco.
Want to be mediocre? Well, I will help you in doing it.
My stoner bf earned it
Boiled Water Bitch
Hold the door open. Or I will make you wait longer on a slow elevator.
Oh, my final is too long?
Kitten for the win
The School’s (petty) Revenge: The Worst Teacher
Any tips for noisy neighbours that never get the hint?
Enjoy getting out.
Piss me off, miss out on free gym time.
It wasn’t until now I realized that my impromptu retaliation ended up coming full circle into petty revenge.
My classmate spoiled Endgame so I spoiled a series he likes
have no story. just enjoy reading these.
Enjoy your sleep in!
La cucaracha revenge
smelly brother smells something evil
You party, we play
"I hate you"
Neighbor Continues To Park In My Car Space So I Got Revenge
Don't park in handicapped if you aren't!
CAR WRAP Advertising Scam
Sharing this revenge story from confessions
Enjoy having your literature taken away
Disregard patient parking? You can wait. A long time.
Selfishly hog the TV for yourself? I'll force you to get off the couch to satisfy your OCD!
While in college.....
I pity NO fools!
Spill soda on me? Enjoy your show
Accidental petty revenge
She constantly called the wrong number and demanded I return a dress that a stranger borrowed
the stapler
Roommate Promises
I ghosted my ex girlfriend the day we were supposed to get tested for STDs
You really should have helped Mom out with Dad's funeral expenses
Young teenager asks for under-aged nudes. I exploit him to his family.
Bully gets what she deserved...
It's Always the Mothers
"Late Detention"
Ex-friend tried to steal my bestie's boyfriend
Beans at bedtime
Throw stuff at my door? Get hit in the head with it
So, I have a friend... he needs comeuppance.
Unfairly ban me? Have fun with greifers.
Don't take no for an answer? I steal your trivia team
The car park show down....
Don't do work have fun with a F
Tit for tat in rectal form
Bitchy neighbor (I suck with titles)Customer talk shit about me to my face
Make fun of my dying grandpa? I'll burn some of your rare loot &amp; get you temporarily banned from a Discord server.
My stepdad got his colleague fired.
Steal a suitcase? Enjoy the cat litter.
You will never know....
Be a shit, get the ugliest crystal!
Driver behind me honks repeatedly and unnecessarily
Scam me for ~$1 of merchandise, I contact your father
That's what you get!
Act like a twat so I'll make it your shout.
You are not letting me change lanes?
Snitches get Snitched on right back
Making our already bad WIFI even slower.
To the guy that tailgated me.
SCENARIO: You win the billion-dollar Powerball. What petty revenge plot do you engage in with all that money?
Shit neighbors
Phone scammer part 2
Bus driver takes revenge on impatient passenger
How I got my first expensive perfume
Cut me off in traffic, take that!
Bullied me throughout highschool and expected me to do your shift? Ha!
Such Sweet Revenge
Very bad teacher I got (kinda) revenge on
Message my ex on my Facebook account? I'll fight fire with fire.
He never saw it cuming
You want to outbid me, huh? Enjoy paying double for everything.
This is where Lies get you.
Messing with another stripper's head
Snap at me for no reason? Enjoy your son's ruined birthday!
I was told the story of how my roommate's prank on my turned out belongs here.
Your laundry is done, and so is your revenge
Not the best but it still fits sooooo
Claw up the stairs, huh?
Diet Pepsi
Caught my cheating BF Red-Handed! My Petty Revenge runs deep.
You don't ignore a man with unlimited patience.
Hope you sleep well.
Congratulations! You have subscribed to every vaccination newsletter...ever!
I tried to be cool with him. But even that was too much. Now he will pay.
Falsifying data? Don’t even think about it.
So you know it all, huh?
Work story inspired a petty revenge
College Laundry Revenge
Math teacher tells me to shut up and then gets laughed at by a bunch of teenagers
I was playing Minecraft, when...
Petty revenge at the movies
Entitled lady picking grapes from other bags, I take her picked bag
No belly rub for you
You need to go fast? Let me just make sure everything is correct here...
Pissed off customer at Starbucks
Bad Printer, eh? NO SOUP FOR YOU!
Who's the bitch now?
You want to be rude? have fun picking up your change.
High school dodgeball sucks...
Boss talks behind my back, i don't warn him about old coffee
No you cannot park here for free, asshole
help me create some petty revenge
Try to make me feel small, I'll make you feel smaller.
The mostly used giftcard gift
The Only Acceptable Use of 'I don't feel like it.'
Knocking neighbors
So you like to tailgate people? Ok...
ruined the year for a creepy para-educator
He who controls the router controls the world
Someone in my apartment building has been using my detergent.
I sure hope I'm not making you uncomfortable in your freshly stolen seat.
Extra Nuggets
Enjoy your pretzel.
Revenge by Sock
not stick to the rules that apply to everyone? well have fun sorting through 100s of fake registrations for your big summer event
Gold digger ends up homeless
We All Better Learn that Once a Door is Locked, It's Locked
No sleepovers allowed with boys, girls only!
My egg donor's been married for thirty-three years and didn't even know it!?
Zeus
Brief but satisfying, rude greeting card store customer
Vegas or Bus-t
Little revenge prank on my little cousin
Sheets revenge
B*tch Roommate Toothbrush Revenge
groupwork sucks
Only wanted a beverage on a hot day
Deny quality gaming time? Allow me to return the favour
Undercutting competitors
Student spoils my class, I spoil his movie.
Everybody Poops
Hold your own door then.
Got annoyed at my manager
Teen driver tries to intimidate me (pedestrian)
Call my boss and lie? Let me call yours tolet them know.
"You're a Doctor, Mrs. Principal?!"
This one has been over a year in the making and ends today.
Comic Sans FTW
The Camera didn't like her
My Craigslist buy win
I think my dad may be a little homophobic.
Revenge on old man who tried to start a fight with me in my store parking lot
Petty Alarm Clock Revenge on Wife
Don't be rude to my mom
College Roommate Revenge
Revenge against parking spot thief
Oh, well then, after you.
Teacher screams at me and makes me get him a cup of tea, ends up losing his job.
You really want this turret? Fine, but we're gonna lose the match...
Don't make fun of my disability
She answered the phone
Get package thieves in the pettiest way possible
Revenge on an early riser
Sticker revenge
Be a dick? No internet for you.
Tailgate me on the Interstate? Enjoy a car wash, on me!
Freeload off my dryer???
Oh, 'casual' racism on a road trip? Mind if I drive?
Bail on being my only ride and loose your rights to Netflix.
I Called Him Every Chance I Got
Dog beater owns a shit restaurant
In a rush? Bummer.
Revenge using the color White
So Petty I Don't Even Have a Good Title
A-hole screwed over my friend, so I decide to be petty.
Petty revenge on my older sister.
That's my daughter, bitch! (Update)
Terrible parker feels my revenge.
Act like trash on public transit? Here take my trash with you!
Wanna endanger others lives? Hurry up and wait.
Make me work pointlessly until 7pm? Really?
night is for sleep, day is for work
Roommate doesn't let me sleep
Ignore me? Find your own damn volunteers.
crumbs
So i put shit on a kids window
All in the past?
Don't let me go to the bathroom when I started my period? Have fun cleaning the desk!
Your change, Ma'am.
Kid is annoying, so I inconvenience him
Stop treating me like an idiot, you power-tripping bitch.
Teacher acts like a bitch to me,I act like an asshole to her.
A video is so much better
Be an asshole? Feel the spit of my wrath.
Don't block me in
Crazy ex story?
You wanna be a dick after almost causing a car accident you better run
Bully Teases Me About My Grandma Dying
Won’t fire our unlicensed therapist...ok
Nope - sorry, I can't help you!
I waited out a nervous pooper
Can't eat my food? Neither can you
Don’t contribute to the project? Don’t expect a good grade.
Karma strikes asshole roommate twice (x-post from /r/justiceporn)
Being a bitch about laundry? Here, have all my lint!
"Whatever you do, don't f%&amp;$ with my toothbrush, that's just gross"
Take My Hours? Fine, I Quit.
How I expelled my boyfriend's ex-friend.
C&amp;P, C&amp;P, C&amp;P
Favorite shirt revenge
My 6th grade teacher scolded me for eating gum, got some pretty sweet revenge
I don't want to talk to you.
I taught you that lesson you were trying to teach me. Happy New Year!
God's Revenge! and it's not petty
Got a co worker back I hated
Snarky comment? Enjoy life without your license and credit cards.
Don't give me a ride? ok then...
Ask me to buy cigarettes for you illegally, then rat me out to my manager? I'll do you one better
Burts Bees
I show St. Paul who wears the pants.
I'll take 25 cents a day from you!
Tenants from hell
Hog the bed? I got you, fam.
Never tease a dog on the end of a rope.
Ex boyfriend email spamming revenge
The IT guy is one of those people you don't piss off.
Thank you, Wayne's World.
Elementary school revenge
Our new manager started terrorizing the staff, stealing our days off, so we got him transferred.
F me? F you!
Angry customer won't take no for an answer, I redirect his call to a gay matchmaking service instead
Repost from pro revenge, since it wasn't "pro" enough. My teache thougt it was a good Idea to mess with the sound guy (me)
My uncle
Flatmates, an everyday source of entertainment
Micromanage me? Go ahead, you might not work here anymore after thoughrevenge on a friend
Petty revenge on a crazy ex boss.
Did you get all that?
Sorry, there's no one here to help you
Birthday revenge
Call me lazy? Okay, I'll be lazy.
A scammer tried to scam me so I cheated him out of $1000
Paint my best friend in a bad light? Go crazy looking for the last piece.
Pedo guys, just fuck this piece of shit plz
Try to prank my teacher? Get outsmarted.
Visitors spaces are for visitors, not for your show car you never drive
Tanks for nothing, bitch.
Cheaters never win!
Revenge on ex husband with dogfood
Aww.. did someone just pee themselves ?
Jump over a weight bench to beat me to the last 2 30 lb dumbells....
Revenge of the Trees
Bully me well karma comes back.
Neighbors from hell get a taste of sweet karma!
Interesting Title
If someone wants to get in, they can use their house key
Want to be my Girlfriend? Sure!
Don't want to help me? No commission for you.
No, I'll SHOW you my little red book!
Oh, so you want to hit me? Enjoy washing your teeth with a disgusting tooth brush that reeks of ass.
Petty revenge reversed
A tame, yet delicious tale of vengeance.
My Ex Flirts With My Friend then Decides to Try and Make My Friend’s Boyfriend Break Up With Him
Thief. Scum. Liar. Stole from me and blocked me.
Enjoy my balls on your head, douche.
Called my terrible former manager to share my feelings.
After 3 years I finally fought back. Oh so SWEET!!!
Paying my debt.
Don't ride my ass while I'm keeping up with the follow of traffic.That’s my dryer old lady!!!
Staff stabs me in the back
That futon will never be the same...
Dickhead neighbor parking
Teacher gives me tardy for dumb resion? He'll have fun looking for the attendance cards.
I let her cook it wrong
Cheating Wife? Enjoy your "revised" health insurance and two hour drive to the Doctor
I have no idea what I'm doing.
Academic revenge
Try to smugly tip me 1p, end up looking embarrassed because you didn't pay enough
Milk Me For My Worth And Disrespect Me? Have Fun Attempting To Retrieve Lost Data
Abusive Discord Mod Gets What He Deserves
Guy tried to choke me out at a party so I threw his thongs (flip-flops) in a fire
I took a dump on the red car
Someone put loads of xmas decorations in my yard and a note on my door saying "merry xmas!". Turns out it was all stolen and now everyone thinks I'm a f***ing thief.
Cashier taught a lesson
Leave the news on while you go to sleep? Okay
Parking for Pennies
Touch my food? I'll eat your doughnut.
That wasn't very nice of you.
Cuss me out? Prepare to have your time wasted.
Karma comes for Evil Stepmother
Moved all of the things i bought out of the kitchen.
refuse to quiet down? let your kids learn rap music early
I've rediscovered my passion for heavy metal! :)
You’re in a hurry? Too bad!
She tried to stop me from saving a man's life.
Fucking up for the neighbours
Taking the low road with a rabid BTS fan
My toddler pissed on my cat in retaliation to getting bitten.
I can spell fine, thanks.
I hope you're in a hurry!
Oops, looks like it was an electrical fire.
don't fuck with my vitamin water
Don't Know IF I was being petty but it was FUN
Take that, Delta Air Lines!
my mom one time grounded me for not eating my vegtables, you know what i did? i cut off her head and skull fucked the shit out of her eye sockets, then i ground up her body fucked it some more and fed it to my dog. reddit when was the last time YOU got friend zoned?
Fuck me over? Enjoy jail.
Bug me after staying up to 1:30 getting epic BBQ made? Pettiness ensues.
Try cut the queue of traffic? Get blocked
Just a little dust . . .
Some kids from another campsite were shining a laser pointer in my friends eyes when we we camping.
Drive like an asshole? Enjoy your ticket
Morning homework
A 12 year old douchebag is still a douchebag
Cold showers
Fake ads - se faire des amis folle
Block me in will you? I dont think so!Complain I left the toilet seat up? Here is 22+ years of ever so petty revenge...
Have fun cleaning up that glitter!
Dad also had a teacher who would punish him
Pennies on the floor
Supermarket insults
That's what you get for saving seats.
Block traffic and steal my parking spot? Glad you have mirrors.
Don’t mess with your computer geek brother
Revenge on lazy coworkers
Train Hunger Games
Serious over reaction to a mild annoyance - very petty
Lowball offers on OfferUp
Don’t be a wet blanket :)10 year old against an evil lady for doing a good deed for and elderly lady, neighborhood exacts revenge. Me-21 years old and a hard worker: past me- OP 10 years old, My Mom, entitled lady who was in her 20’s we’ll call her evil lady. And sweet elderly lady neighbor or EL for short.
Small revenge on homophobic customer
Tricked them into speeding past a cop
Block me in the grocery store? Enjoy schlepping your groceries to the car
A girl i've been friends with for years just gave me oregano instead of $50 worth of weed...
Did you really eat the whole pizza? Expensing it forward.
Technically, that’s not your property
Facebook revenge on psychotic ex
Roommate didn't pay gas bill and continually lied
Petty Revenge: Road Rage
Caused my group to miss out on 80k total
You cancelled the contract, I’ll make you pay.
Don't be racist to the girl serving you
We should be able to sleep with the lights on? So should you.
Group project turned into group consequence
SIL posts stupid shit on my Facebook
downvote everything
Be a jerk over $10 while advertising your business? You get a bad review
I look young and inexperienced, but I won't be taken advantage of
Revenge on a prank caller
Spoil Avengers End Game for me, I'll spoil Game of thrones for you
Green backpack kid
Disrespect my mom?  Fuck your toes.
Grandma's Christmas Tree
Don't throw money.
Insult me via social media and call me childish? I will show you childish.
I remember...
Fire me at the end of my shift for no reason? Enjoy this jar of mayonnaise.
No pleasantries for you!
Called me stupid, so I am.
Use me as Test Data?
Watch who you make fun of
Guess I Was Too Stupid To Know Any Better
The time my boss wanted to watch Intern Battle Royale for a full-time position at his company
Call me a sped? Dance with a sped.
Being extra petty to a girl who was constantly rude to me
Don't want to come to class? Fine.
Bully no more
Getting back at my roommates dad.
Brag to me about kissing my girl? Ill make you regret that
Roblox Revenge
It's a family affair.
okay I wont touch you I i will just scare you
Ditched a guy at a convenience store
Move, Dammit, move!
Fix my computer will you?
Don't Mess With My Milk
Mom's Death Garden
Fat shaming
27 year old sister tries to claim SHE did everything in the house.
Why you need a VPN?
Today a lady tried to cut in front of me at Peet's Coffee...
"The Return of Sprinkles Bitch" and introducing my new petty revenge victim...
Wake me up coming back? Have fun sleeping with the lights on.
Librarian Revenge
I only do petty revenge
Very Petty Revenge from a Gas Station Attendant
Show off? Prepare for my wrath
Bad Bar Boss and the counterfeit cocaine
Sonic revenge?
Singing about lack of love from a nonexistent husband to upset my brother! Revenge time!
My 3rd grade bully threatened to have her uncle kill me the way I got back at her is amazing.
Treat everyone like crap, even thought your ass is on the line, go to jail (again)
Bazooka lol
Put a lid on it!
What's the best thing you can do while single on Valentine's Day?
My boyfriend puts a computer whizz wannabe in her place
I held my little brother's Barbarian King and Archer Queen hostage.
Bloody Satisfying Petty Revenge
Don’t believe me when I say I’m sick? Let’s see how you like it then.
I’m Late! Ok you’ll see
Your going to destroy my snowman? Fine i'll destroy your car.
bong water revenge idea suggestions?
Let your kids run wild in my shoe department guess what, you’re buying shoes for them and not the $90 shoes you wanted... oh and you may lose them too.
How I Stay Positive at Work
Don’t ignore the person behind the counter.
Be a bitch, eat dry sushi
Petty Permanent Marker Payback
Annoy me and I’ll disable the only thing you have.
I'm going to get some sort of reaction, one way or another.
Steal my man's lunch? I'll give you a lunch that you won't forget.
Burning buttholes and ruined vibrators.
High end revenge
Please help me edit this petty letter for maximum pettiness.
ER Revenge
Dick guy refuses to move his car to let me get out. Now has a nice dent.
Roommate wont stop using my mouthwash.
Lock me out of our shared room? Enjoy your new toothbrush flavor...
Ruined my friend's chances with every girl he was trying to attempt to date.
boy was fat shaming my friend... i'm catfishing him on snapchat.. help me respond
Buffet revenge
Blast horrible music on my stereo? Let's see if your parents also like the feeling.
Petty Pitcher Putdown
The most subtle Yo Momma joke ever told
(MTG) Throw a pencil at my eye? This, is, EDH!
Some petty ass revenge
ex bf revenge
Repost from my r/entitledparents
Catfished A Cheating Bitch!!
This very evening, just now as a matter of fact, I got my sweet revenge on Mr. Tall Dark and not so Handsome
Take a long walk pal
Skip me on Omegle!?
Kid Bullies Me For Being Asian, Karma Strikes Back
Boomer substitute acts like s***, reaps in the "rewards"
Kids got kicked from a school, I caused their books to be unbalanced for over a year.
I left a bad Yelp review of my previous employer
Hit my little sister? Have fun stinking like a chip shop.
Enjoy my expensive razor blades? Enjoy my herpes too!
It's not so funny to be embarrassed huh?
Some collective pettiness
Disobey MY traffic laws? Suffer.
You asked for it
Disrespectful + Sexist Guy Revenge
Go to sleep.
Steal my coconut water? I’ll teach you how it feels to have opposable thumbs
Rude old lady on the bus.
Fight me for fun? Enjoy your buzzed head
15y/o incel thinks girls can’t like sports and uses the n word while being as while as pigeon shit
Surprise text
Hey Reddit, I got screwed by CINEPLEX entertainment and could use some help!
I- umm- what?
crazy neighbor and my family's petty revenges against her - part one
Revenge Brew
You'll go hungry.
Don't pay me? Fine lets call the Colonel.
ex-post from /funny: Hilarious image of a petty revenge on a double parker
The time I met my favorite comedian (and they didn't)
The story of how my coworker karen ingested another mans throw-up
Morning ride revenge
I'm Not Even Sorry
Petty name-calling
Pour water on me while I'm trying to sleep? I'll do the same to you.
Not invited to a family holiday
Refuse to help with housework? Have fun washing all your kids dishes
Relentless revenge on a ganker
Dont tick off a pregnant woman
Car Parked Too Close to Me
Family at grocery store decides to hypocritically criticize my manners, I decide to get my revenge.
Help me get revenge on a mean group
No tip for me? No liquor for you!
Revenge on driver on the phone
Insult me after I spend 45 minutes helping you? I'll lower the priority of your ticket.
ROBLOX is fun.
I found out my gross ex was talking crap about me with my old coworkers...
I broke up with my cheating girlfriend and I got some small revenge
Took the wok for a walk
Roommate and random girl eat my food and drink my rum. He gets Sealed at an inopportune time.
Hand in the darkSteal our common room lose your food
I can be petty too, Sue!
The Case of the Giant Jar of Pickles
Delicious Revenge
Some guy threw a coffee mug at my car in traffic
Missie's Misery
Max Bulking my roommate
Be on time or not hotcakes for you!
The best birthday card EVER
Keep me up will you?
Be mean to me will you?
Fine, carry all these rocks then.
Refuse to clean the dishes? Have a terrible experience cleaning yourself!
Thank you, Auntie, for the meal that cost you 20 dollars more than it should have...
Bully gets fattened up for karma
Wasting a snooty mom's time
Taking a revenge poop on my neighbors front porch.
I be math dude she be dumb.
Don't flip people off without looking. They might be a police officer.
Jerk parks his car with two spaces in crowded parking lot...
I made a student fail English
A guest at the hotel I work at was incredibly rude to me when I came to clean his room...
If it's there for me, it's mine.
Rush me, waste my time, and you are wrong? Feel the wrath of your boss
When you crit with petty revenge.
Satisfying Revenge
Yell at me, no refund for you.
Double parked
Gym hog and inadvertent revenge
So you keep bringing your dog to poop in front of my house? (Oldest trick in the book)
Friend Wrote Fake /r/TIFU Submission For A Second Time; First One Was Successful, Second One Wasn't
Don't follow instructions? Have some WHITE HOT PETTY REVENGE (not really hot)
Shoplifter gets whats coming
Don't invade my personal space
Why do we get these fuck head zipperheads
The Thief and the Reciept Checker
Children shall fear my wrath!!
Here's an early petty Christmas present from yours truly
Baltimore residents who did not want police now want police after riots as crime skyrockets.....lol
Send a Patient back up to me? Deal with the rest of 'em
Tell casino workers on strike to 'go back to their country'? Well, let's trap you in our picket line.
30 years later....
Karen hits me with shopping cart, I retaliate.
The magic of duct tape.
Mess with my brother? Enjoy your slow drive home.
College Roommate Dirty Dishes Revenge
Bag punches back
Thanks for throwing away my trash.
Enjoy the extra 5 seconds it takes to sign jn
Verizon just refunded me 8 dollars
Room Reservation Revenge
Taking up 2 seats?
I'm not drawing, stop overreacting.
Fighting fire with fire
Call the police in me, enjoy the insurance money
Pregnant to my housemate. He breaks up with me, won't pay for half the abortion. I spiked his toiletries for months.
I'm an adult, so don't give me the fucking leash m'mkay?
Make me stay back at work, will you?
Petty TP revenge on husband
I dated my POS exes brother for an entire year.
I'm sorry, who are you?
Be an asshole to your server, get instant karma...
If you treat me badly, I will give you a dirty spoon.
Accidentally made a bully eat coffee powder
Wanna be an asshole because you didn't like a rug?
I hardly get enough revenge on my terrible Dad
Enjoy your view
Change a long term assignment the day before its due? Get some petty revenge
Don’t eff with the little sister
Revenge on Raving Neighbors
The Battle of the Fridge (The Start of the Dinner War)
cream and jam and silverware with scones, yes, of course.
Revenge of the Silken ladder
Rude bus driver
You make fun of me for 3 school grades,I'll 15 mins of your day into hell by earaping will military parades and music
I got revenge on my head teacher.
Threaten to report the company for safety violations? Get fired for not following those same regulations.
Not pay me for my work? Data corrupted
Mess up my customers parking? Oh, now you want me to save your data?
My brother was lazy so I didn’t take out his garbage
so you want to change your bills?
Keep me awake at night and see what happens
Petty revenge on future mother-in-law
A Slap
Release the Kraken
The one that got away...
Force me to work 15 minutes on a birthday card? I hope you're prepared for months of war.
You don't scream while I'm getting my homework done...
Ebay seller charges me $40 for overnight shipping for office gift for colleague leaving the country, ships it untracked to make more $$. I engage in some petty theft to get back at them.
Shirt's in laundry inside-out? I'll hang them that way.
BFF’s Ex Took Revenge...How Do I Avenge Her!?
,I will get payback, even if it's 2 years later
i did something...vile to my boss. but **Extremely** satisfying.
How to piss off my neighbor?
My breath smells? Oh yeah, well you belong in Special-ed
None of my business? Have fun with that!
me being overweight=bullying (this is a short story)
Very petty Facebook group drama
“How dare you do this in front of your parents”?
Petty pinto bean revenge
Better watch out when you're backing out of the garage.
Be a drunken jerk to ticket clerk? Have fun making an extra stop to get your licence.
Boy tries to smash my friends clay, gets their project blown up instead
My pan, not yours!
my girlfriend complained about me on /r/pettyrevenge so I updated her comment while she was sleeping
UPDATE: Take my car? I hope your ear drums bleed
Make me late for lectures, I'll make you late for your interview
The art and satisfaction of cock blocking..
I suspended my parents phone lines
Stinking up the workplace
Ideas for drunk food eating roommate?
Never mess with a resourceful kid. (long)
You get what you ask for...
Bitchy Professor Gets Hers
Left Mom a Treadmill
Bad Customer Service...
Have a nice weekend lady
Principle ruined my time as a 5 y/o. im back bitch
You wanna call me names and degrade me during family conflicts? Enjoy your number getting suspended from Twitter.
My cheating BF's last "super casual" side chick was a friend of mine so I messaged her directly for a note about cheating BF's health...
Street Parking Is Not A Right
Revenge is a dish best served with cheese.
Be rude? I'll waste a few seconds of your life!!
Boss scammed me out of $75, how do i set up a nonstop robocall spam to his cell phone and work phone that is from a private number that can't be blocked from a PC?
Never trust someone you've pissed off with your electronics...
Middle School Mall Shenanigans
Wanna call the cops on us over nothing? Have fun when they investigate you instead
Very short and sweet story about this girl in drivers ed
Supreme arrogance
Don't wanna show me your ID when I card you? That's fine, you can have a non-alcoholic drink then.
Getting Revenge On My Project Partner
Petty revenge on the subway
Karen gets death from above
No Thank You
Don't leave your socks on my bed.
My ex friend
Ex-wife threatens to take me to court for more support, ends up getting less money as a result.Revenge against early rising noisy neighbors.
Tailgate me? Prepare for fear
Roll coal onto me? Get your eardrums blasted.
I take the cash tips...
You want me to say your name right?...I want you to be quiet.
Saving spots in a general admission crowd? Hope you don't mind sticky feet.
Boss was a douche, so I changed the computer to spanish
Petty revenge on my grade three teacher, which works well, but then backfires horribly.
Comcast Junk Mail
Another tale of petty revenge on a rude driver
Soggy Solution....
Say vaccines cause autism? I prove you wrong in from if the whole class.
PettyRevenge, you are my only hope
Don’t do your part in the assignment? Well.. okay
Irritation Failure
You should not have been such a dick when I'm still new
Silly little kid
We had a street fight and we won by by the tiniest amount but we celebrated like we won the World Cup
I replaced my neighbors “all lives matter” sign with a “Black lives matter” sign. It felt right.
Friend pulled a terrible prank on me that almost got me a ticket, so I decided he should pay - in cash
Bumper Huggers
You need a safety pin? Sorry, I need these.
He can leave me for my friend, but he can’t remove my blood stains from his $1,000 mattress
Moan at me... I’ll move your magnets
My friend decided to fuck with a schizophrenic combat vet
BMW passes me only to suddenly stop, I make their next 8 minutes excruciatingly dull.
Made You Late(r) for Work
Mess with my videos? I'll show you, asshole.
Online board game revenge!Stoplight asshole, and why I love my car at night.
It puts the lotion on the keyboard...
Bar Boss prank works out better than expected.
Belligerent and rude in the doc's office? Okay... you can wait a few extra minutes!Parking space man.
My best friend embarrassed me. So I got him at his most vulnerable. When he was butt-ass NEKKID.
Late again? Enjoy your greasy fingers.
Time to slow down
Tiny accidental revenge
My ex left a shirt at my house. She asked me if I knew where it was, so me and my new GF made her this.
Beer story
Apartment petty: Moves over $1.50
English teacher in Korea. Receiving too much work.
Slam a door in my face? Imma close the elevator on you.
F*** Gus. (sfw but lots of swearing. Because F*** Gus)
Petty revenge via driving the speed limit
You hog a desk I need? I'll hog something of yours!
I don’t like Mean Girls
Tell me I'm going to hell for working on the Sabbath?
Threaten to fire me? Prepare to get graded!
Grandma was harassed by medical bill collectors.
Royal Revenge!
That's what you get for laying me off twice!
Lay me off? Have some porn!
Boss is an @44h0le
I froze the outdoor trashcan lid shut
Tried saving a few minutes and ended up wasting a few hours
Don't mess with the photo guy.
Hah, idiot.
I only wish there were more people to see it: Turn your neck when you change lanes.
Today at the beach I was told I was disgustingly fat...... I’m pregnant
Don’t bring unrelated issues into a quarrel.
Pissing in a shoe has its consequences
Entitled prick doesn't leave parking space
Peer kicks my stuff, so I do the same.
Throw ice at me? Good luck
You take my dog, I destroy you!
Just a quick one from earlier.
Job site revenge
Neighbor thought to bully me. I convinced him it was a bad idea.
Nah man I tripped
Help a girl out! Some sweet text message revenge.
Please don't be mean to checkout operators
Milk. Lots of milk.
So you want to sit in the home team's stand and swear around my little brother?
Working overtime daily, performing outstandingly according to clients, but performance review is "meets expectations"? Alright, let me meet them!
HVAC VS IT, Which can be more petty?
Revenge is a dish best served cemented.
Words With 'Friends'
Twofer!
My girlfriend is obsessed with saving every little penny she can on electricity. I'm terrified of catching this virus and she couldn't care less.
Spicy revenge on my friendRevenge is SWEET!
Don't wanna be considerate with noise? Fine.
slander my name to my boss and colleagues? I'll slander your company on glassdoor
Treat me like shit for an entire semester? Enjoy hearing everybody shit and piss in the morning for the rest of the year.
Stop Leaving Your Garbagecan in My Driveway
Want to poach on my property? Yeah, we'll see about that.
Wolf Lodge Wake Up Call on Repeat..
Friend betrays me, then plays the victim
My friend kept killing me so i trapped him and kill him and burned all his stuff (in minecraft ofc)
Horrible roommates, what can I do? (New user, first post)
Petty Polka Party
Public holiday shifts
The power switch of petty revenge; cute asian girl to the rescue
Try to make me clean ur shit, i surely hope its waterproof.
Pay attention when you drive.
Eye Contact.
continued
No, THIS is where the recycling bins go.
Here, read this on the bus to hell. (I was told I should x-post this from /r/talesfromyourserver)
She stole my coke so I soaked her in water.
"Well, you kind of deserved it..."
My Older Brother is Anything but the Alpha
My Dad the Badass
Fun phone call ;p
Tailgate me with your high beams on when I’m already doing 80? Have fun cruising at 50 for 15 miles
Revenge with a school book bag
Don't be an asshole to the pedestrians in a crosswalk
You make me do everything. I make you miserable
So my exboyfriends family is a bunch of nut jobs and I have some dirt on his dad...
Enjoy that mint?
Mean chick in my class fails her test because of her insults.
Landlord tries to nickle and dime us? We'll make you lose your house.
Our local At&amp;t
Content creator gets revenge on homophobe.
"Thanks, Bob"
A know-it-all gets showed up at annual training when he tries to take credit for my decision
The Day I Truly Understood Redemption
I'm never too tired for petty revenge
Try, and hit my moms. Nearly gets you shot.
Guy Glitter Bombs Package Thieves
You wanna cut me off? Cool, I can do that too.
Have it your way
Parent on other hockey team badmouths our team, gets instant karma
Seeking petty revenge
Tinder Scammer
I know telemarketers suck, but...
Pretend like my boyfriend is too stupid to know what you're up to? Youre not as clever as you think!
Salad revenge
Help us GET revenge
Try to T-Bone me off a bend when karting? I'll humiliate you in front of your wife and kid.
Always be nice to the girl making your coffee
My boss screwed me over, and I need advice.
I'll pick a color for you, dear.
In the end, I turned out fine, but you didn't
Your name tag is now broken because of some nasty words
Returned a favor.
This girl copied me... I did this!
Destruction of property much? Well, you mess with art, you mess with ME.
Guess you'll have to wait
Have fun wearing a dirty lab coat.
3rd grade brat
Group member didn't put my name on a small class assignment
My brother wouldn't let me sleep
Steal my idea? I can't hear you...
Dock my pay, lose yours
Why I killed my highest streak on Snapchat
Ruin most of my childhood by bullying me with my dad? I'll just rub your toothbrush all over my butthole.
Use me for your personal gain? I sneak a little something on your PC
(Kind of) sabotaging a test
Here's your extra change!!
Discord DM's
Scammer didn't expect this.
Won't close the gate? Enjoy your fecal fingers...
Don't supply what you said, I'll have my money and some.
X husband lost his car over a cell phone
5 years later revenge.
I poked a hole in my own air mattress
Don’t go through my stuff next time !
Overnight Shipping
Apartment Parking.
I got tired of watching my coworker say horrible things about everyone (myself included) day in and day out on IM.
Ex boyfriend will never find a match again
So I was strolling on AskReddit and found a thread...
My date shitted all over my dream so I had to get her back
Don't ever feel like closing? Well, I don't either.
If you're going to be a jerk, I'll just "have trouble" finding your parts.
Don't challenge my work ethic, I will use that same work ethic to make you regret it.
Fully Expect My Help While You Aren't Willing to Give Any in Return? Enjoy a Bad Reference
Heterophobe gives gay fandom members a bad name, I get my last word
Burn my pizza constantly? Fine,I'll cancel my large order.
The office bully gets what's coming.
Horrible boss; meet exuberant salesman.
Getting even with rude customers.
(Re-post from r/ProRevenge) You want to scam me? I'll waste more than an hour of your time.
Don’t mess with my Bliss
Noisy computer?
Help me RIGHT a delivery food WRONG!
As petty as they get
Friend used better guns then me on a game and laughed when I lost against him later he loses in a much more embarrassing way.
Push me and mock me I’ll ruin your night.
Park in front of my driveway? I’ll make you get back in your car while it’s raining and park right.
Steal my desk? Take the absence points then!
Kid slaps people with book, it goes missing for half a year
If you act like a child at work when you are grown man.
Invite me to play a game on facebook? No recognition for you!
I could have stopped the monkeys from raiding your foodDon't use silly fonts. Yeah, no thanks
2 years of torture lead to some sweet, sweet revenge.
When you tell a music teacher "music doesn't matter anyways."
Manspreader refuses to share space, can therefore wait last to exit
Taekwondo master in karate class? Go to hell.
Best thing to do to double parked cars.
Taking a stand against my brothers anus
Help me get my revenge on a scammer
Honk at me while I sit in my own driveway? Enjoy being blocked in!
you don't always complete the backpack obstacle course
Whistle like a song bird.
Loud jerks get shut up by a child.
I want coffee. You make it!
A man almost broke my shoulder with a stick so i decided to take revenge.
Asshole homophobic dad
Don't be a bitch with me! :)
Little Brothers and Nerf Guns
Not sure if this is petty but.... You won't pay for broadband, no WiFi for you Sir.
Petty rental car revenge
racist shopping cart
Hot and sweaty petty party started today. The only question is, will it take days or the last two months on the lease for her to figure it out?
Show your ass? No guac for you
You clamjam me, I will always return the favor
Do let my post be posted because its a video?Have fun with all my post reports!
I destroyed a girl's racial identity
Your Mother Was A Hamster...
Lying bully continues to lie her way into sweet revenge
How to torment a bully
Submitting a complaint as a customer is the only way to get the manager's attention
I killed a bully's social life.
"I have an A-, so let me steal you art."
don't need your business
Edwin: my piece of human trash neighbor
Cat peed on the floor again, so I mopped it up - with the cat!
Bad roommate gets what they deserved
ㅣ▷ 밤전 ◁ㅣ강남오피－아모르플라워b a m w a r 1 0 닷 C o m『논현오피㉤갈산오피』
My girlfriend's family is very homophobic..
Send me terrible emails and stab me in the back?....No pen cap for you.
Good luck starting a youtube career
Steal my parking spot? You can help me load my car
Evil stepmother will never know.
Amateur wrestler's revenge
"Since you're so fat, you don't need that donut" You know what? I completely agreeAttempt to make it as if he was doing a favor for me just when I was about to go on break. Only to have it backfired.
.:Bully Me? My Father Works With Yours:.
Afraid of blood stains
The other side of the coin: victim of pettyrevenge.
Trunk Rider
That's not the instrument I wanted to play
Im not an Uber lady- The time I accidentally rescued a CB in 'distress'
MWAHAHA
My house, my rules...
Screw you and your pancakes.
All the Pucks I had to give
Come to my house and drink random peoples drinks...well son time for a little leason.
My boyfriend was irritating me, so I changed my Facebook picture to one without him
A $60 bottle of revenge served with a side of laughter.Guy annoys people on the bus, gets bamboozled
HOA lady president threw the 1st punch
Pancakes pancakes pancakes.
I killed my brother to get my tablet back. (x-post from r/self)
Lock me out of my bathroom? Prepare to hear me brush my teeth at full volume!
Wish my family was like this
The long con...
I was making my nieces lunch and she teased me and called me "a bit special" so I smooshed her corn chips into little pieces.
Minty-fresh revenge.
I don’t care if you’re on mobile, use punctuation
Don’t go messing with my Grandma
Can't do your dishes? Hope you can't sleep.
Revenged Local Po.lice &amp; Neighbours In One!
Best Served Cold...
I'm not your enemy
My SO's Roommate Is A Pig
You wanna bully ME! How's that going now.
Apparently friend is a YouTube mechanic.
Did I cross the line?
Got Roommate to Stop Using my Things
I let myself suffer just so she'll learn
Wanna yell at us? Enjoy some extra Onions on the house!
Want to complain about not being able to take out your boat?? We'll just landlock it for you.
Nice and hot day.
Oh you want access to my Drobpox folders? Let me invite you to view them. Over and over again.
Getting to punch your school bully and getting no repercussions form the school
Silence the students in class, I shall unleash wrath of pettiness via assignments
Bullying Sh*t Gets What He Deserves
Don't whine at the people giving you free beer!
Getting Revenge On Cheating Ex
Weasel your way on the PATH when there is absolutely zero space left? Get stepped on and bumped into for the whole ride.
The Case of the Yogurt Catapult.
Stealing a penny because you don't like change? Here, take five.
Sunday radio revenge.
Don't Touch My Laundry! Reading about the laundry woes of others has reminded me of my own experience
Shampoo
Stupid neighbor gets evicted
"Civilians are not permitted here!"
Slow down... what's the rush?
"You can pick it up at the Police Station. No, not that Police Station."
Corporations would crumble
Pass me illegally after tailgating me? Say hello to the nice police officer
Try to screw me around in a game of Basketball, prepare to get destroyed.
How to get revenge on someone with phone
My boyfriend ghosted me 3 times, so I ghosted him back
The time barely washing my hair when I was ten got the opportunity to annoy the fuck outta someone
Steal my WiFi? How about I throttle the bandwidth.
Payback for coworker playing stump the chump
My Awesome Grandparents and the Hot Chocolates
Cheat for three months and lie about it? Thank you for your donation
Schwarzfahrer - short film on petty revenge (English subtitles)
Hopefully you don't mind the sweat
Dads 21st birthday party
Mother threw away my retainers because it's "disgusting" after years of use. I made sure what she did was wrong
no laundry for you
Can you move?
Ruin my Lunch &amp; Throw a Stapler at me? I Quit. Expect me to come back? Okay.
Ten cents.
Sexual assault? Have fun getting pushed off a bridge!
Break your own rules? You'll follow them later when you don't see it coming.
He stole my stuff and ended up covered in revenge juice
Baseball Karma
Tennis Revenge
Maybe If Your Hand Hadn't Been on My Ass, It Would't Have Gotten Stabbed
Chinese Ebay Merchant Rips me Off - Send him Illegal pics - Let him deal with his Government
Petty revenge on student-hating conductor
Bork Zone
Entranced in your phone at the stop light? Let me ease off the brake a bit.
No more gaming for you buddy
Reminder: always log out.
Boyfriend gets revenge on Asshole Jock.
Bully Gets Crushed After Months of Bullying
Loose me my job why don't you.
Pick up after your dog please!
My desk isn't an endzone
Gonna be a hateful bitch? Good luck finding your bank fob.
The buildup is killing me
Revenge'd On
Call me when I'm busy then ignore me?
I get revenge on my ex who dumped me.
You Can't Park There
Caught littering? Make sure your car tax is up to date!
The best part of owning a voice recorder
Do not break your promise
I hate the sound of gum being chewed - (x-post from pics)
Bully sits on fork
Rocky Revenge: Part 2
help needed:  revenge on petty landlord
20,000+ people have donated to Planned Parenthood in the name of Mike Pence
Upstairs neighbors were extremely loud every morning, we were very loud one night
Break my LEGO set I break your toe
Short story of a bully chasing me around the playground of elementary school.
One of my favorite revenge stories ever. Credit to u/teen-walrus
please, have a beer on me!
Walk out of the 'in' door will you?
My pissy ex-roommateChildish relative
Mrs. Lane made the mistake of wronging me...
Using Waze as a weapon...
Exclusive Promotion Coupon (MYPCFreebies88) Value of 100GB Cloud Storage (US,UK,CA,AU,NZ,IRE)
Don't be a d*ck
Thought you didn't need valet
This Gif captures the true essence of petty revenge.
Revenge is best served ice cold
Stepson wanted to be a thug, I deleted all his playlists
Refuse to be a decent person? Then rub your own urine all over yourself.
Harass me? Never get a girlfriend
Crazy woman at a funeral gets revenge on herself by telling everyone what she had said, looks like an idiot to her family.
I can't afford it?
Park in my spot, wake up to a not-so-Merry-Christmas.
Karen yells at me, I take her fucking picnic table
Scammed by 2 different online sellers in one week. Tables turned
Don't skip me.
Disrespect my town? Take the long way around.
Playing test
Neighborly revenge
Mock my beta keys will you...
The story of how I got out of a bad car loan
Eat my food? Okay then...
Lot line watching neighbor.
Revenge on Bratty Kids
Keep us up with your loud bachelorette party, prepare to wake up early.
Group-project gone so right
Think you're more important than everyone else at rush hour? Eat a door.
Break my friend's heart? Have fun dealing with hundreds of emails a day.
Guy harasses me about my crush, I put his number on 4chan.
This is only petty because it resulted in my termination.
I want my 25p please.
The Nail Salon
Went to a party with a friend who turned out to be a really mean drunk
Trolling the Troll
Toxic friend screws me over and over so I leave her in a different city in the middle of the night
These two starved a dog and there mother claims to rescue them yet this happened under her nose
Saga of the a$$hole neighbors
My Brother Gets his "Just Desserts"
Gummy revenge
Got locked out by my roommate, bad memes everywhere
Don't pay the house bills, get evicted and stuck with bills Part 1
Anyone else loving these old school 90's revenge stories?
Rude brother
You keep me up at night? Enjoy the laxatives!
My mom used to come into my room in the middle of a come.
who else joined this group but is too lazy to read them so you just scroll for short ones
Last laugh
We got the phone scammers
Steal my parking spot at the busiest mall in town near the holidays? Hope you can afford fixing your car.
Someone randomly tried to troll me on Instagram... so I just copy and pasted everything they said. They stopped.
Use my razor? Enjoy your fire crotch.
I guess go forth, minions...?
Hey! It's Chekov!
The converse chuck taylors
That'll teach you to park in front of my house
My son is Machiavellian
Steal my GF's love story? She'll conspire against you
Principal gets OWNED by 12th grade art student.
Developer refuses to fix his nice new boulevard. I use a BBQ fire to get my way.
They think they so cool!
Does anyone want a petty CD?
My coworker got himself fired
Nine-year old me honorably stands up for driveway hygiene
She took advantage of my goodwill
won't reimburse me for company expenses?
Just A White Diamond Cosplay
Someone in my frat has been stealing my detergent. I hope discolored clothes look good on you.
Best friend starts dating the girl I like, so I cause his grades to go down
Ever Light in the House is Off.
Making me wait. I will make you wait
You don't look disabled. Let me help disable you.
Help! My dog is locked in my car....
I will make your latte decaf
Don't be a dick to your roommate.
I. Eat. Your. Meatball.
A year later... I get my sweet revenge.
Clean enough for you?
You block our view at a stadium concert? Enjoy a filthy blanket!
My First Revenge
Need your wallet back?
I paid for part of my ex's anniversary trip, just to ruin her weekend, and remind her that she traded down.
(5th Grade Revenge Story) Tell on me when I say a bad word? I'll tell on you when you piss yourself.
Petty revenge for stealing my work.
Make my mum move for no reason? Enjoy your flight
A long walk back
Victim of Petty Revenge
Drunk and lonely is calling again
friend deleted someone's pokemon after a fall out
Working in the drive thru
How to handle Cosplay drama
Someone that did me really wrong. Send something bad 9548653069
When the perfect opportunity for payback arises.. take it.
Want to be a mean sister? Enjoy your pee towel
Action Dan here, don't insult my music and call it "nigger shit" and bust my cd.
A Farmer in Croatia Got Revenge on People Parking in His Field
Car crashed by partners housemate and she wont pay. What to do?
Talk about me in another language that you think I can’t understand
Got back at my HS bully
Use my Kleenex without asking? Bad idea, bud.
Don't deliver my order and don't give me a refund? Right, ok.
Involve me in your break up with someone I haven't spoken to in months and never even girlfriended? I'm going to amuse myself.
Dent my garage? I'm gonna use your bins.
You have money, yes. But money can't buy back the time I made you waste.
Science of Petty Revenge.
Ah, I get the picture management!
My dad gets wholesome “revenge” on two girls for “insulting” 10yo me
You think you can steal my peppermint patties, bitch?
Loud neighbor playing music no longer can have his fun
So the cat thinks my leg is a toy.
Kid who called me autistic, got what he had coming...
Don't respect boundaries? You're not using my printer!
learn to spell or stop being an asshole.
Battlefield revenge
Creepy Revenge on an Annoying Driver
Oh, you don’t like people eating meat? Well let me just enjoy this nice, juicy steak right next to you!
That's not legal, so this isn't nice.
$20 car wash
Two spot parker
Don't Text and Drive
When cars don’t obey rules of the road, are impatient and put my life in danger to save 4 seconds at a light
Kid nearly kills me on residential, I embarrassed him the worst way possible
You wanna be rude? Enjoy being stuck in the rain.
my brother brakes my wall so i steal his favourite thing
Unplugging Phone
I'll have my (Government) cheese and eat it too.
i threw up on my uncle
Enjoy faceplanting thief
Yep, I speak Spanish too, you pervert.
Bon Jovi traffic bitch has to merge in just a bit slower
Embarrassed guy at car show
my little brother is the king of petty revenge
Today I was reminded of something I used to do to my brother.
Smelly Receipts
Threaten to illegally tow my car? Be prepared to pay some $$
Who Controls the TV remote
Another Petty Road Rage Revenge
I messed up my parents' nightstand, now it is my nightstand
Don’t eff with pregnant ladies.
Silence is the best answer
Don't believe I'm sick? I'll show you sick.
Make me do stuff for your? Enjoy your puke
Passed on the road at night here is a tip
Revenge of the Obnoxious Christmas Present
Church organ gets revenge on bridezilla
Petty Highway Revenge on I-10
Take My PS4 Powercord? I'll Take Your PC Charger
In which I gum up a nosy cashier's day.
Harassing Girlfriend on marketplace
This is a sweet story of revenge
Stuck in a Vodfone store for over an hour. Pity about your display tablets...
Karen!!!!!!!!!!
RiP Wall Street Bets
Fighting porch pirates with booby trapped packages
Why can’t I post a video
Charge me for a carpark dink will you.....
Need means of revenge for person 1000 miles away. He has OCD and is a Jesus freak. Ideas?
Having a party packing up my ex's belongings :)
Never heckle your flight attendant
Roommate was stealing my marked leftovers. Made a chocolate cake with habanero peppers, labeled it with my name, and wrecked his world.
My brother takes revenge and scars me for life (sort of)
Using a carpool spot all alone? We'll see about that.
Jerk neighbor
Steal our shit and give us a hard time while we're moving? Enjoy getting rid of a bricked big-screen TV and a gutted sound system!
Let me get up early for no reason and see what happens...
I miss Backpage
Steal my groceries? I'll steal your mama's homemade tamales.
small revenge but felt so powerful
Petty Revenge on an elaborate video game scam.
On deployment
Wifi used for evil
A story of driving revenge on my cakeday!
I finally broke off a 4 year relationship.
Glittery revenge.
Can't Exchange Without a Receipt? Fine then.
Asshole Tesla owner is charging from our garage outlets on everyone's dime
TIFU by tricking the office gossip into inhaling.
Want to suspend me for not wanting to lose money? Well you're about to lose a lot more...
You're supposed to turn right on that traffic light
"Stop covering each other's shifts." Okay, sure
why would you honk at a pedestrian?
You rent me a crappy bike? Prepare for pettyness
Piss Me Off....Piss On You
That will teach you from drinking from the carton.
Prank call gone wrong.
Have several affairs over the course of your marriage? Get served.
xpost from /r/marketing: I pranked my roommate with eerily targeted Facebook ads and drove him to complete paranoia.
I swear I normally get along with people, but I might just be a little passive aggressive.
Bratty kids revenge.
It's my book now :)
That will take three days.
My neighbor stole my "gas" can
You're waiting for someone and leaving in a few seconds? Well I'm blocking the driveway and not moving.
Some real petty revenge
Take up the bathroom forever? Take up the bathroom FOREVER.
“I was here first.” Fuck off, you got off the line.
Just Cuz I'm White, Too, Doesn't Mean I'm a Racist Like You
You went to a Strip Club and Blew money for bills? Christmas is gonna be fun for me.
Make fun of me for living at home in front of the team? I’ll embarrass you right back.
Floor Chicken Anyone?!?
Student expected honor roll because he asked for it.
Driving my coworker even more crazy
Well worth the shits of fire the next day.
Unplugged the freezer on couple who nitpicked
Snap at me when I’m trying to be nice? Ok.
You disrespect me in my section, you'll just get bad music stands.
Petty Baby Shower Revenge
Enjoy my seat and some petty revenge
Fuck with my best friend? I'll watch you squirm and burn.
Uphill climb (big man in a truck vs. a bigger truck)
Entitled kid (choosin beggar) got the same treatment as they tried giving me
Scantron Petty Revenge
"This is a waste of time and don't interrupt me."
Suing for a accident that happened years earlier
Why you shouldn't be bro's with your students
Spanish teacher had to get a new mouse.
Need ideas
When Substitute Teachers Attack
Genetics did my work for me
Grade Two, 1985...
Customer: "Try not to work too hard." OK. I won't.
Revenge on a douchey driver
Now you don't get to see the concert.Cold? Too bad, I'm in charge of the thermostat from now on.
You should be nice if you want help
Bet he sure feels trashy about parking there
Revenge on pest control company
'Tis the season to be vengeful!
When people don't read the "parking for customers only" sign (x-post from Tales from Retail)
The Butt Thickener
Steal my rental deposit? Wonder what your charity employer will think of that kind of unethical behaviour...
So you want to be a little shit in my class? Enjoy this textbook.
Almost Ruin One Of My Friendships? Enjoy Having A Movie You’ve Been Waiting For For Years Spoiled
Dont want to control your brat? I'll have your car towed
Friendly little pranks between roommates escalates quickly when my roommate made an official declaration of war.
If you're gonna blast music in the early morning hours, don't use WEP.
The chefs deserve nothing
Can't be bothered to move your boat? Let me help you.Gee, I dunno, somebody must've bought them all.
A horrible pilot gets what he deserves.
Send your entire loyal fanbase to harass me for days and cripple my awful mental state even further? Say goodbye to your Twitter account with more than 40k followers... And your alt with 8k.
Yell at me for using my phone before class even starts? No pristine formula sheet for you.
Youtuber has perfect petty on people peeing on his property
Buzz me while I'm cleaning up after my dog at your peril
How to deal with a telemarketer.
A Man Gets Revenge on Noisy Neighbors With an Arduino System That Automatically Blasts Loud Music Back at Them
Fine! I will keep your Cadi!
You almost ran me over!
Woman gets back at coworker for refusing to say her name correctly (link)
BOOGERS 2: The best possible outcome from a previous petty revenge.
Petty revenge on an asshole "friend" at a bar.
never mess with people serving you
Two can play at that game.
Roommate Harassment
I made my friend stress about failing exams
Kick my chair at the movie theatre?
I smashed my phone making my bully think that it was his.
If you can't handle your drink, don't drink.
May we stop with the cringy titles? (NOT REVENGE)
Tip poorly? Have a smelly porch.
The entire high school class's petty revenge (bit long)
Landlord learns not to plagiarize
Older guy harrased me on Facebook, I threatened his job
kid yells how among us sux because he cant get it
CS:GO Pettiness
You wanna stalk MY friend, B**ch?!
Let me help you dry your laundry (forever)
Take my $10? Say bye bye to $60 and your business!
Don't put me on double fire watch.
Make fun of my religion? How about I tell you some truths about Santa :)
Use me? I'll use you
I Ruined this Karen’s Movie Experience
McCamomander Tea
Won't help around the house, watch out for my sting
Enjoy your fence prematurely ageing
I need Revenge ideas. (self x-post from r/AskReddit)
Waste an hour of my day making me deliver your Craigslist item? I'll blow up your phone
Be an obnoxious dick? Have fun staring at the ground for the remainder of the concert
Why I enjoy telemarketers now.
I was the victim of petty revenge - paste smeared on my windshield
Be an ass to the server, get kicked out and banned from the owner!
I put an ad on CL for free sex with an old lady's number on it
Yell at me for smoking, while I'm nowhere near anyone or any non-smoking zones? Don't park illegally.
If only road rage could pay your bills.
Revenge on Snapchat oversharer
Oscar Meyer weiner
Want to recline your seat into my lap, princess? Enjoy the bumpy ride...
Some petty revenge on /me/. A reminder to not park like a huge jerk.
I scored 100% and got myself an year of peace.
Friend Kicks Me Out Of My Living room, and is taught not to complain while doing so
Dog Gets Revenge
Throw out my bath mat? I'll just put it right back where it goes.
Goodness gracious, how did you use all of your 30GB email quota?
Upstairs neighbours kids are banging around and bouncing things all day long.
The Metallic Thud Heard Round The Locker Room
Roommate talks about me behind my back...
Don't fuck with the smart girl in shop class
My Brother Tried To Scare Me When I Was Sleeping So I Made It Impossible For HIM To Sleep
Be an asshole... Go piss outside ya nasty
Is this yours?
Nearly Hit My Car And Cut Me Off? I'll Make You Wait
Don't try to sign me up for a window selling telemarketer
Another reason to not park like an assholeOrdered a #1 hamburger meal at the Wendy's drive thru
BMW driver does good. For once...
What an eye soar
My husky was being extra annoying today...
Shitty roommate
Hopefully You Have A Back Up Plan
Want to ruin our trip, ok well make yours hell
She asked for seperate bags.😊
Tip your bartender!
You like heat? Here's some heat!
My landlord and my petty revenge
I just wanted a pressure gauge
The smallest petty possible
The box of condoms.
Teacher tells us to go to hell, we get him suspended and potentially fired.
My dog’s petty revenge on me
Oh, were you on a diet? My bad.
Don’t bite the hand that feeds you.
My brother stole my Lego's, so I booby trapped my closet and got him good.
I was running on the track in a park near my house when an boomer couple ruins it.
You wanna get shitty with me, lady? I'll make your ears pop.
Honk at me for following traffic laws? Have fun driving behind me going 10mph
Ask for money as a gift? I’ll give you money.
Bully me incessantly for 3 years and take what was rightfully mine. Enjoy adult high school.
I got called the N word for the first time today.
I friccing DESTROY my mom
Don't like changing the empty toilet paper rolls, do you?
Look up my skirt will you?
You sent me a d*ck pic? You will be sorry for some time.
Your mother's a bitch? So's karma.
Complain about a non-existent mess? You can board last.
You and your hoveround can damn well wait.
caught him in a lie, need some advice
You take my property i'll break it then
Take over my workspace? I waste your time.
Do not underestimate the tiny lesbian in the Big Black Cadillac
I guess he really needed the rest.
Neighbour threw their dog poo in my yard.
Mess with my stuff at work? Your job will be on the line
Try to cut me off and honk on me? Enjo being late for class
The Worst Roomate Ever
Okay I will leave today.
Killed my cat so I’ve been killing his convenience
Oops it was a leg spasm
Entitled Sister Gets What’s Coming
Prettiest thing I have ever done in my life quite proud actually
Two of my employees put zero thought into my Christmas gift.
I withheld my pet's favorite food for eating her children
Hostel + Alarm = Petty Revenge.
Another pissed off hospitality worker.
My dealer ripped me off (x-post via ProRevenge)
Should I tell them their lights are on? Nope.
Mistreat me for giving me change? Fine, here’s your money then.
You wake me, I flush your face.
Petty Revenge....on me
I had sex with my ex-boyfriend while he was dating someone else because she pissed me off
Wait your turn, please. Or at least ask me to be a bit quicker.
40 year old finance-douche decides to show me, his young waitress, a dirty picture. Yeah, no.
Break my charger unplug yours
Selfish sorority girl gets a taste of my  wrath
Even in grade school, you're expected to color within the lines..
Use my toiletries?? I’ll replenish yours for free.
General Gets Demoted
Inconvenience me and I'll inconvenience you back.
Guy in our group writes 5 words by the deadline. I expose his ass.
Dating Sucks
Ping me endlessly? How about I waste your time and get you muted?Not gonna take this big project seriously? I’ll do it myself, and essentially upstage you (sorta. Also not the world’s most satisfying revenge, but worth it)
crooked security company revenge
Pay(Not Your)Pal
Tailgate me with your brights on? Enjoy 30mph
Not nice? More ice!
Bacon Is The Name Of The Game
Cheat on me? Lose access to the Sims 3
Want my girlfriend to entertain you? Fine!
Restaurant owner get's screwed by black and white
Go ahead and keep lying to me, Selina
Revenge is best served petty
Act like you are the only person at this gig, good luck finding your shit.
University Groupwork - The story you've read a hundred times before.
Vengeance was mine in a crowded mall parking garage
Spoil my ending? I spoil yours.
Enjoy your drink!
Whenever I get an ad on Youtube I don't like, I let it play so they have to pay for ads for a customer who hates them more every time.
Oh you wanna scam me out of an apartment and play games? You underestimate my power (link in story)
I'm fired?
Act like an ass, smell like an ass.
Co worker stole my money, she got what she deserved.
Road rage got you a ticket (compliments of me)Be a dick and I get free drinks. BWAHAHA!
Congratulations, /r/pettyrevenge! You are Subreddit of the Day!
This isn't petty this is savage
No marshmallows for you...
Records entire meeting.....
I HAVE THE POWER HERE
If you're a bad customer you get the bad change
Throw away your OWN trash.
Anyone know a way to spam this number-434 227-4394
The day I knocked a kid out of his canoe
Jukebox Revenge repost
You can't even spell your own name!
BUT I STILL CONTROL THE THERMOSTAT (an Amazon customer review)
"No more, No less"
Don't Change The Roll? OK Then.
Adult who doesn’t want to adult
dont play that game with me
Dance Class Final Turns Trio into Duo with Person losing 30% of their final grade
Unplugged Xbox and drove my ex crazy.
Bank opens account with friend's name incorrectly
Stupid kid that doesn't tip
Try to sneak some racist religion into our nice conversation? Enjoy the history lesson
Want to be a dick driver? I've got nowhere better to be...
No queue etiquette, lesser breakfast.
Dingleberry Co-workers Get Pissed because they wanted to leave first...
I had the tables turned on me - I got pettily revenged this week.
I know what belongs in that kit, and trust me, it's all there.
If you're a leech who doesn't pay rent, probably try to be nice to the people who do.
Don't move your cart, I'll move it for you!
My husband keeps dismissing my arguments
try to get me banned. I play Uno reverse cad
Petty Revenge in a Video Game (Team Fortress 2)
Invite me out then change your mind? Enjoy the extra cab fee.
Had an accident falling out of tree. Got in trouble with my dad later, accident came in “handy”
My Silent but Deadly Revenge
Cleanliness is next to godliness...
What a mess(h)
Closest I’ve ever gotten to “revenge”
Parked in front of my driveway.
This candy tastes great
Someone else's petty revenge on ME
Shotglass Revenge
Pastor disrespects transgender IT worker, and the revenge suggestion is...
Alright, you be rude while I get revenge.
Need help for ideas on my 25 yr old sister who uses my deodorant, razors, and toothbrush.
Violence is not petty.
Idiot cant see behind him, gets birdseeds and bird shit all over his car
Telemarketers keep calling? Enjoy listening to some child abuse.
Fake Marine ruins a friendship
Steal my stereo and try to get me arrested? Hope you like eating humble pie.
So... No, then?
Roommate tries to steal alcohol, gets water instead
I told my  gay because he was spreading gossip about me
$5 Black Friday Revenge at Walmart
I got a UPS worker fired today.
Hey, I'm a cop bitch. Post #1
Even Corona cannot stop the petty
Cheap-shot me in a Rugby Match? You won't do that again!
He drove over 1.5 miles to dump his trash in my trash can.
Drunk dial me at 2AM, enjoy being woken up at 6AM.
Halloween. My favorite holiday.
Push me around? No iPhone for you.
Valentine's revenge.
/r/pettyrevenge was the fastest growing non-default subreddit yesterday, beating out 595,517 other subreddits
Customer tipped me $.22 on a $61.78 delivery
They destroyed my confidence, I made them bathe in my pee.
Baker's Revenge
Not necessarily a story, but...
self termination!
Don't give me the document I need, I won't send a nice email
Please Don't Bark in My Ear
Don’t want to help us? Well hope you have fun failing.
Want to be a dick? I’ll just piss in your Ferrari
EVIL co-worker gets what she deserves
I can make up part numbers too, asshole.
She’ll never win the best Bingo prize
Karma comes, even to tiny things.
You want to shove a bunch of tiny people around before, during, and after a show? Enjoy that bright red lipstick on your pristine white shirt.
Thanks for the Coke, guys
imaginary basketball fight
Looking for a boyfriend. Taking interviews on my Discord! Come check me out! Just broke up with my bf...
Pink birth marks
Blast the radio in the shower? I hope you like my singing.
This one goes out to you
The silver spoon
Evicted homeless occupying my bus stop
My neighbor mowed his lawn at night and karma caught up to him (this is moved from another subreddit)
Sharing is caring, and Karen ain’t caring
Car takes my reserved parking spot, I deflate the douches tires
Driving him even nutter
£20 Mothers Day Dine In - M&amp;S
Act like an asshole, and you can wait with the rest of us.
School partner tries to throw me under the bus
Beginning of the end: Pushback for an entitled Aunt
Neighbor kids try picking on my brother, I dumped poop on them
My bf cheated on me and I visited my first love to payback
Made a prankster spill a drink on himself
Do I or Don't I ruin her Thanksgiving??
to all my petty revenge seekers.. please support this cause Send A Pic of Your Poop To this Phone Number
Awww need a ride to the football game little bro, then dont throw stuff at me before asking
Husbands revenge on neighbors
Maybe not talk shit about me, hmmm?
I didn't catch that...
Don't mess with the people who prepare your food.
sweet sweet revenge on my “best friends”
You don't want me to talk after I invite you? Then I'll go by myself.
Operation sabotage my up-stairs neighbors life has began.
Want to pollute the air with shit conversation? Well two can play that game.
Cheater boyfriend gets what he deserves...multiple times
I hope it takes her months to get rid of the ants
Lazy Stepdad’s Sandwich Disappears
Game Of Thrones revenge is the best revenge
I’ve flaked on the flaker!
I wonder why some adults do not have common courtesy towards others
My annoying neighbor gets what
My most savage one-liner comeback. May have overdone it.
Petty revenge on housemates asshole boyfriend
Petty revenge from my Mom!
It was petty but it felt good
Please, tell me more about your Ferarri 308!
Want to take pictures of my belonging? Okay!
You're going to wait weather you like it or not
Block me at thw store will ya? Prepare the wait.
I put the avocado in my drawer with my name on it and he ate it anyways
English teacher is a power-abusing asshole
There goes your tip
Be a Brat? Don't get your snack!
Spell wrestle!
Hate my hair?
I asked you nicely to park in front of your own house. Now you have no choice.
Petty Dining Hall Revenge
On street parking woes
We Watched The Show
Bully gets memed
Be a jerk, and my willingness to help you goes right out the window.
I got into a physical altercation, got a milkshake afterwards.
Fuck with my little sister? Fail your class.
Got back at someone for spoiling The Force Awakens
Wow that was stupid of you
Fart on me will you?
Wanna shake?
You email me 40 MB of attachments and ask me to forward them to people instead of doing it yourself or putting it on a cloud? Allow me to CC you for your records.
My apartment building is going through renovations and I got a note on my door.
Getting My evil boss arested
Oops. Sorry my awful baby puked on you.
The masticated cupcake
Mmmmmm...leg room!
Dude-bro interns finally get a taste of revenge
Being harassedTell me I’m gonna fail? Don’t get mentioned in my speech
Enjoy a lower grade in your class
I'm sure I can find a closer parking spot
That time my sexist coworker thought he was going to talk to me like the scum of the earth for my entire employment...
Moral: Don't be rude to service industry people who have all of your personal information.
You say I have a southern accent?
reee
Don't offer me a job, and then recant.
My cat's back, became a painting.
In which I key the shit out of a taxi cab.
Piss me off? No fur for you.
Some guy tried to squeeze my arse
Wont contribute to the house? Wont put down phone to help? I'll send your phone back to the dark ages.
Clean up after your fur baby please
Tailgater gets his reward.
Grocery clerk rushed me so I took my sweet time.
Don't mess with my sleep, bitch.
Passive Aggressive petty on bad tipper
How I owned my psychology “ professor”.
"You looking at me funny, private?"
Neighbor with bright lights, a shitty band, and fireworks is left with a piss-off message...
Girlfriend who broke up with me for being "weak."
Send my GF D pics? I'll send them to yours and everyone else.
So, I used to work at a deli...
Trojan Horse on Former Boss
Destroy my peppers? I'll destroy your week.
Neighbors keep leaving dog poop in my front door
Take my stationery enjoy the extra that comes with it.
Perfect Use For Random Keys
What does refusing to sell me painkillers and a basket full of pastry have in common?
Don't mess with laundry
You're Going to Throw a Handful of Change at Me at MY Job? Whoops, You Dropped Your Work ID/Clock-In Card, Let Me Return That to Your Job/Manager at Yours
Looking for a mic-drop moment
Not a story about petty revenge, but neighbors who probably deserve it. What should I do?
Don't want to get up early? Find your own ride.
So You Think It's Better For My 8yr Old To Watch It (Even Tough Its NOT For Kids), Just Because Its A CARTOON? Ok! Have Fun Finding The Remote!
Saw my horrible ex for the first time in years. Told him I worked at a hair salon and could give him a much needed haircut. What I didn't tell him was that I was just the receptionist. fucked...him..up..
I got my brother to allow me to watch TV
A Karen calls me a slut for wearing a skirt during a pandemic. I buy the last box of the snack she wanted.
All good until the girlfriend moved in...
If you ditch me I snitch on you.
Petty queen
Cousin used my earphones without permission
Is this seat taken?
Road rage in traffic
Last parting gift to my old company
คาร์ราเกอร์ - เนวิลล์ ฟันธง โอตาเมนดี้ ยืนคู่ สโตน แมนซิตี้ พลาดแชมป์ชัวร์ | YoulikeBET
Just because I'm trying to be nice doesn't mean I don't know you are lying your ass off.
Bully me in elementary school? Fine, get held back.
Block a seat? Miss the stop.
Yell in the theatre? Have fun missing your movie
got girl back for marking my top.
Make one of us cry? Good luck with that!
My Parents Backed Out Of Giving Me A Birthday Present That They Promised. So I've been Slowly taking some of their Money over the past few months until I reach the amount of money the Present was worth.
Vending machine revenge!
Happily sleeping and the phone rings
Try to scam an orthodontist? Brace yourself, choosing beggar.
Impatient drivers.
How I survived professional sabotage
Fake herpes revenge.
Peed in the swimming pool every time I was near the girl who flirted with my boyfriend.
I don't like homophobic people
Neighbour keeps blasting music almost 24/7. I get payback, served COLD.
My mother's brother annoyed her so she peed on him
They assumed I didn't understand Spanish
Treat me like shit for two and a half years? Get drenched in Cherry Coke post-mix syrup.
Bloody Walls
Cat facts.
A fool and his paper are soon parted.
My neigbour is obssesed with locking everything
My horrible teacher got outplayed
I paid a chick to give a guy crabs
The Man Won’t Get Me Down
Cheating on a final exam
You're too loud!
Inconsiderate Roommate Revenge
Take my parking spot? Sure go right ahead.
Public Transportation Revenge
In which my brother should have washed his own panties
Spawn kill us in 4 square? How about you have a taste of your own medicine.
Gave my dad a taste of his own medicine
Family tries to trick my mother with a faulty shopping cart
The wisenheimers
Don't want to let me take my aunt to chemo with a 3 week notice? Here's my 2 week notice.
bobbert the gas chiefStaged fake fire to get revenge on roommate
Dirty roommate is facing the realities of the pig stye he lives in
Steve Rannazzisi's petty revenge on a douchebag driver
Pass your work on to me to be early for lunch? I'll make you late for lunch.
Biker’s retribution at a railroad crossing…
Control your Kids or I scar them for life.
She bullied me just for dating her ex, so I turned her into a groundhog.Rude drunk woman at a concert
You could have waited 5 seconds, enjoy 5 minutes.
Revenge where it hurts
Say my name
She ruined my picture, I broke her arm.
UPDATE to "I waited 6 months to get the last word...."
Petty Revenge on Halo Online
be a douche to me? enjoy being soaking wet
You get green!
As a waitress...
"Nah"
You're just gonna rip my phone from my hand bitch? Models and shit.
Hey join my livestream now
I made my friend fail his final exam by telling him the wrong answers
Concept: Justice For RNGesus - Is World War 3Three In 2020 Too Petty For Revenge
Roommate threw my lufa in garbage after an argument. Does this mean war?
Don't like how long I took putting it up? How about I take it down for free?
A short tale of vintage vengeance
My roommate kept stealing my snacks. So I baked him a nice surprise.
Tmw after a lot of toil and stress and depression and hard work when you feel hotter than how you remember your ex looking.
Impatient guy at stop sign
Salary Brag? Enjoy The Tip
Request: Best way to piss off people who overuse the horn.
Story about an how I force a rude lady to walk 10 metres more than usual
You're too old to be trick-or-treating
feel like this makes up for the years of bullying
My sister pinched me so I ended her dreams of sleeping....😱
Spoiled brat gets punched in the face for being an asshole
Every time I see an ad for Comcast/Verizon/TWC etc on social media, I report it as misleading or a scam.
Former, terrible coworker begged for support for his Youtube Career. When I said no, he berated me with insults. I decided to give his YouTube videos some "publicity".
I've been spamming my old friend's facebook because she left without saying goodbye
Be a completely oblivious rude airplane passenger? I will obstruct your view
Make my job harder and I'll return the favor
Kinda Positive Petty Revenge
In a company car? Really?
Freshmen year laundry
Workmate takes my coffee, mate what, come on guy
My little cousin posts inappropriate stuff on social media and her parents don’t know, and now I want to send it to them.
Fraudulently invoice us for products we never ordered? Watch your commission disappear.
Yeehaw, B****
If your company requires a guy yo buy you a drink, I'll pass.
Help me exact my revenge (Maybe nsfw?)
Revenge in Rio (Not the place, the movie)
sister flips my bed so i flip her stuff
Why would anyone ever give their credit card to a stranger?
When petty revenge backfires: The car dealership vs. pizza guy.
Petty water revenge.
Did you ever take revenge too far?
My "Bus Wankers" moment
High beams revenge
Revenge on the neighborhood snitch.
Should I (M19) remain vengeful towards my mother for reading my diary?
Rude Customer Gets Back What He Started
Heat revenge!
This honestly isn’t that good but anyway
The Great Utensil War of 2016
Ok I Won't Make a Cheesecake
Take embarrassing pictures of me and send them to my friends? Vengeance will be served, cold and heartless.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Spiced up goldfish
Recycle Bin Wars
The Cheese Smasher
Take my driving you around for granted..I will make you late.
a bit overboard. vehicle parked in front of house
Hide my tools? Ok. Did I see where your stereo went? Nope.
Make me pay out of pocket for a sick day? I'll enjoy a mini-vacation.
Bully wants me to ask my father if he can employ him
Dorm room laundry showdown
My bully humiliated himself in front of the whole class over me flipping him off.
You can have the parking pass, just meet me halfway.
Im bad at titles, but you need to read this
How I feel every time I visit this subreddit.
Some shitty revenge (but I’m satisfied)
A professor isn't super kind to me, and I will reduce how many people sign up for his class.
Shitty day for my roommate
Don't let the door hit you. Or do...
"liquid ass" spray for an asshole
Got my sister's bully arrested.
Being a bitch? Enjoy sitting at the door!
You whistle at me like I'm some dog? Have fun waiting even longer.
Wanna harass me? I'll tell on you.
Drive off without me at 3.30am bus driver, I'll catch you and you can have all my change!
No tips for you!!!
When I hear music I dislike from the car next to me, I blast dubstep at them...
Rude girl on bus got in trouble by teacher
Some guy spoiled the Red Wedding for me. Two years later I got my revenge. (Post contains spoilers for Game of Thrones)
Steal from my tip jar? Enjoy your extra crunchy sandwich
My son can't sit here?
Enjoy your wait.
I hope you like your chicken noodle broth.
Betray me? Say hello to my little friends....
Recording everything a bully did to me over the course of a year.
You want to mildly irritate me? I’ll do the same to you.
Stealing my trash roommate's room
Maybe you should try not being a hypocrite?
Trashy Customer Doesn't Pay for Food
Took revenge on a relative who worked for the family business who stole our processes, many of our clients, and started his own firm.
Are you resting your head on your hand? That makes you a girl
Check your lawn, and check your anger!
Don't park like an asshole next time
Don't be rude to your cashier.
Stick your nose in my face when I'm eating? Two can play that game!
How he came to be known as Eggplant
...bip,bip...
Childhood Bully Revenge
I anonymously called my boss in the middle of the night for almost a year
Incompetent, back-stabbing coworker.
Auto Warranty Scammer wants money for a policy on a car that doesn't exist
Dealing with tailgaters
Fine, Get Lost
Don't take other people's laundry out of the dryers!
picky sicky
Friend neglects to meet me
Petty D.I.Y
I sneezed on a guy... he may or mat not be vaccinated
Opposing lawyer was too greedy when I asked a small courtesy, so he got stuck doing work over the New Years holiday
Girl stands up to bully, teacher sides with the girl. My fave story from working in an elementary school.
If you're going to be an asshole to me and my friends all year long, you should expect revenge.
Cheating on a test off me, enjoy the wrong answers
He decided to be an idiot so I created an alter ego
3 parking spaces will cost you 30mins
Try to run me off the road for passing you? Have fun at your next speeding ticket.
You bring a stripper home? No sleep for you!
Fuck with my full load of laundry? D*ck.
Any working scammer numbers
Let your kid take up two spots on a crowded train? Enjoy aching toes and smelling my farts.
Bad neighbor revenge.
Be an inconsiderate neighbor? OK I guess I'll take my sweet time in getting your electricity back on.
Canadian dad won't take your shit
My brother treats me like dirt, and acts entitled so I took a long hot bath.
No leftovers for you!
Drunken father
Insane Mom
Pissing my sister off by turning the volume up to 100 on the tv
You don't want my money? fine...
Guy calls me a racist, I am anything but.
Petty Revenge On Mother Dearest
Here, why don't you just have 7-8 more emails that you just won't read?
I’ve “Fallen”
Dont want to date me? Enjoy not sleeping.
Need a way to enact your revenge? Try sending your enemy an envelope stuffed with glitter... (xpost/Internetisbeautiful)
I hope you like doing math
Husband "ate" his words
Help me revenge my sister who made a fake account on reddit and catfished me
No Christmas Bonus? That's ok.
Petty revenge against my least favorite teacher
Ride my tail? Enjoy some false hope and a slightly longer trip.
You wanna call me 5 times in a row?
oops it'l only take a minute
You're being a bitch? Try this tasty snack...
Leave your loud ass ticking time-bomb of a dog on your balcony by itself? Okay let me set it off.
He steals my money, he gets a phone full of weeners.
Wanna show off to your Karen friends in my shop? Ok then..
Fellow revengers of Reddit, I'm a breaking point, need some good old revenge advice.
Rude neighbor revengeVery Petty British bus revenge
My name is literally in my greeting.
But you need to vote
Wont listen? Ok I’ll paint your wall
Couple comes in before closing
Obviously not in that much of a hurry...
Sensitive lady with a bag on the NYC subway?Screw over my experiments? I'll make you waste your "valuable" time
Today I made a woman pay for an extra pound of beef
Don't let me do my homework? I won't let you sleep.
I guess you won't be needing these anymore.
Keep cleaning the bathroom the only time I get to use it I'll show you
Love is love, and it triumphs.
Entitled Children (Rant)Steal the chair? Have fun sitting in it!
I fed my ex ants
Try to FRAME me because I helped you?
You're a stupid drunk and I will ignore you forever
Be mean to me, I’ll inconvenience you
I put subtle police siren sounds over my boss’s music. Now he’s arrested for drug possession.
Roommate is a gross slob? NO BREAD FOR YOU
The dude who peed on my lid every day in college
Mess with my hair dont get mad when i respond
Petty Parking War With A Neighbor
My mum's revenge
Refusing you service after you threaten to kill me does not constitute harassment
Score with the goal keeper
You fight back when we bully you we try to kill you
Pick on me as a kid.....get your just desserts. Pun intended.
Petty revenge on my 12 year old
Don’t steal my gum.
Annoying neighbor​ gets damaged mailbox
You want to honk and shout at me for not going? Enjoy the car wash.
My roommate was AWFUL. I got him evicted.
Annoying truck revenge
They deserved worse.
So you think you are smarter?
I waited 6 months to get the last word..
The great TP war
Pledgeship Revenge
Need a little help getting revenge
Drink all the cold water, enjoy it hot.
Something interesting
Update on Bio Mom Revenge
No one told you to sit next to me
I didn't stoop to the level of the grumpy old twat on public transport
Park too close to me...
Tricked Elementary School Bullies into Eating Underripe Berries
Don't wait for my parking spot.
Not Petty, but I'm PISSED at r/weddingplanning (x-post: For the Non-Married)
Driving revenge, done petty
MY best friend f*cked my girlfriend
My dear ex... and his single testicle (petty revenge becomes majorly chaotic)
Roommates are refusing to pay rent so I changed the wifi password &amp; called them out in the network names
Neighbor harasses me into moving, so I dance on her dumb head for a full week
Cheap guy coming in for free samples gets the tiniest I can manage.
Thought you could cut in front of me?? Hope you like waiting!
Revenge is best served cold, or literally frozen in this case.
Two Cents In the Service Industry
Revenge in the gym parking lot
Thanks for the full tank
Can't stop backseating the concert? I think otherwise.
Help get revenge!
Little jerks finish last
Don't want us to make the nurse's job easier? Enjoy the bed alarm.
No $2 bills for you!
I ain’t giving it back
I got my handicapped neighbour's car towed.How I got revenge on my jerk brother.
My dad was an abusive turd so I got my petty revenge...
Block our numbers? No return of contributions for you!
I'm the bald guy
Bro jobs = good vibes
Another Laundry story
Leave your ringer on at office? So sorry you dropped your phone and broke it
Sweet, petty, dorm hall revenge
I made a fake facebook to take out my anger on my class
Best Served Cold with Whipped Cream &amp; a Cherry
A little petty.
Car prank revenge
I Messed With Someone's Work Shoes in the Locker Room at my Work For a Year...
For shame
Spewing hate speech out of your face? Feel the wrath of my kisses
A Small Win Against My Personal Aaron Burr
Disrupt my class? Enjoy an electrostatic shock.
Gloria
BULLY BACKFIRE STORY
Taught my son not to "Borrow" my car without permission anymore.
World's Largest Revenge
Probably less petty revenge and more just me being an asshole...
I don't care how nice you keep your waist long hair, I don't want it on my desk.
Bullies gets karma
Should have tipped the cable guy
Toys n things
If You Don't Pay Us, We'll Burn You're Cigarettes.
Don't know how to use indicators? Well I don't know how to use the accelerator.
Good luck finding out what's wrong
Grocery Store Karen Gets What She Deserved.
Shoot me with an airsoft pistol when I tell you not to? Good luck.
Hide and seek
A bank customer scorned
Let's see how you like it.
Wanna be a bully, pay the price
You call me, selfish and Mock me. fine from today I am selfish! hope you like it
The Reverse Flake
Called a guy's work because he wouldn't stop arguing on Facebook
"Oh crap"
Got overcharged today on tax.
so this one flaming bitchcunt.
So youre lazy? No print for you.
Learn history of this place!
Seat recline revenge
HELP ME, COULD USE THE HELP OF THE INTERNET &amp; JUSTICE WARRRIORS
Give me a destiny 2 key for free dm me
I act my way into Petty Traffic Revenge, or, The Terror of Moron Rednecks
Fuck your swimming pool
Friend cut some of my hair as a prank. Not impressed. Revenge suggestions?
Want a conspiracy theory you crazy bitch? Well, here you go.
Making owners shut up their dogs.
Steal my perfume? Enjoy the exotic smell of vomit.
Professor doesn't like me...
Call me a fagot I'll give you a Pepsi
Awful Step Dad
***ENDGAME SPOILER***: He talked on the phone throughout the movie
A middle school bully
Someone asked for nudes
Sneer at me for holding the door, enjoy wearing your coffee when I let go.
Don't start rumors about me.
Hey, don’t be rude
He ghosted me and never returned my hair dryer so I took advantage of what he left behind
My parents revenge on the mailbox bashers.
Bail on all the important things in my life? Miss out on a cool experience
Dad rams lady because she didn't move for an ambulance
Bartender gets served
Sorry, I sell them I don't buy them
Farts
"Can I help you with anything else?" "Why yes you can."
Gym dickheads lose their protein shakes.
iPhone 4s
Smegma revenge
Fifth Grade Homework Saboteur
Flirt with my underaged sister? I'll burn you're lifes work
Insolent 11 year old brat
I conspired against an 8 year old girl, she ended up crying and I don't feel the least bit guilty.
Thats what you get
Water ballooned the cabin that tortured(not like intense torture) us at camp
Bitchy “friend” will experience my petty revenge when I change the password on the HBO account I’ve been letting her use, right before the Game of Thrones Season 8 premiere.
What I did after receiving horrible service
Welcome to Amish Country
My brother ate the last Tastykake...
One of the best "Oh, Shit!" stories you've ever hear.
Small kids are annoying...
MY sunny D
Flipped off at light for courtesy honk
MY "FRIEND" WAS BEING A JERK SO I DEMOLISH HER GRADE
I wipe my ass with my ex's ashes
Hate to break it to you, but I speak Cantonese too!
Kerosene not gasoline
I'm actually a good student, so please start being a good teacher
Musical Parking Spots
Girl gets suspended for trying to throw my book
Countersued cyclist who ran over our dog
It wasn't my turn...
She always tells me not to use hers.
I'm not allowed to wear my Indiana Jones hat, you say...
I Turned My Grandmother's House Upsidedown, Literally
Don't waste my time when I'm tired
Copyright everyone? Enjoy termination
The grade 5-6 soccer game...Don’t like the paper towels huh?
You want your $20? Here's your *bleep*ing $20.
My Mom's work experience at a hotel
Tiny piece of pettiness.
Oh, my homework is disturbing your video games? Whoops, accidentally vacuumed for an hour.
How I got kicked out of Girl Scouts.
Sexist, Racist, abusive father gets to enjoy a dinner of my piss and spit!
Boot my car? Charge me $75? Lose hundreds in profit.
What could I use to fuck up someone's hair?
Kid stares at me angrily for no reason
2b2t ain’t a place of forgiveness
Guy Playing Traffic Cop
Fire me? Well then, no Facebook Buy &amp; Sell group for you!
Ticket Office Revenge
Reddit Revenge
My dog got back at my brothers
Be a horrible roommate and kill my plants... I'll show you how to be petty.
I announced my cousin’s pregnancy because they announced my son’s birth and my niece’s gender.
plague doctor gets revenge
Insult me with your gang? Here’s a pencil
Another laundry debacle
Still waiting for that gift card
Hid my Sister's Earbud
Make fun of my last name? It'd be a shame if something were to happen to it...
I got him fired...
Teacher took my phone for bs reason, I brought in 10 more devices the next day.
Be arrogant to me?
Take that video store.
Reporting a mean driver with offensive stickers
How do you not know your own email address?
Petty revenge in Munchkin
Girlfriend Revenge
I make a arsehole driver nearly get hit by a bus and then go in the wrong direction
Rude to the Hot Topic Employee? No Funko Pop for You!
First time getting petty revenge, I think I did it right
Don’t wanna hire me? Enjoy the negative (yelp) review.
Make me pay for VAT *and* your time?
Friend leaves after we wait 2 hours for him
Can't copy from me..
Play stupid games, win supid prizes
Be a devil child on my rebooked flight? Behold my devilish laugh!
Bar customers and handing over their ID/Credit cards
She Cut Me in Line So I Threw Up in Retaliation
rude honking
I took that cookie home, and I ate it!
I destroyed my neighbor’s anti-gay sign.
Don't Stiff Your Caddie, but thanks for all the free lunches!
Kid in preschool bullies me. I get him in trouble.
Petty but satisfying revenge against two telemarketers
Petty revenge for my mother
My cousin was done with my bullying
Don't do any work and mess up? Then I might "forgot" to tell you something...
No Nether For Us? No Nether For You
Typical Neighbor from Hell story
Wanna Do Your Makeup in Class? Bad Move.
"Get over it," she told me a year earlier. Well...
Sister downloads virusses on my chrome browser and i download crap on her chromebook
Slightly mean petty revenge
Ex-gf embarrassed me for life. After many years she tries to fool me into her wedding, which I ruin and have regrets til this day.
K-Cup Courtesy.
Pool party revenge
Bully me, my friend, and take advantage of her anger issues and ADHD well let’s see what happens...
Latent revenge
So you want to park you car in front of my drive and demand I repaint your whole car after hitting it?
Don't mess with obs.
If you never take your laundry out of the dryer, expect some petty revenge
Reddit petty revenge
Letting the air out of an Entitled sister
bad grandpa chronicles.
"Go do what you're best at love"
Lock me out, you pay rent
Petty Revenge with Roommate Transforms into Well-Deserved Revenge.
Former owners' mail
Go ahead, park where ever you like!
Fender Bender Gone Awry
It's all the same...
Petty meowvenge on my cat.
Squeaky stylus
My uncle is jewish
Enjoy your books....
Oh we will pay, just not how you want us to.
Entitled to nothing…
Sleep with my fiancé, tell me it was a joke and I’ll see if your husband laughs
Park across the sidewalk? Enjoy sweeping bark chips off your driveway.
Don't wave your hand inches from my face
Awful Coworker
Made him crash his car
Another business awards were given...
You tailgate me, I slow down.
Stop putting your crap on my desk.
I'll just get a job at the rival fast food restaurant across the street.
Take advantage of hundreds of people? Have fun figuring out where that smell came from.
I asked my bully if he was a homosapien.
3rd Grader's Wrath
Suddenly I don't feel the need to plat Santa this year.
Get my name wrong? I won't correct you.
Tow my Car? I'll ruin your week.
An argument with my brother
Insulting my parents, have some leaves.
Not today gainz goblin
Oh I'm sorry cashier girl, did I inconvenience with my "hey, how's it going"? Well then I'll be sure not to bother you with another syllable during our next exchange.
threaten my friends and I? We'll make fake puke!
I tricked my cousin into eternally cleaning the backyard
When customers give you $50 bill to pay for a $8 drink.
Salt in my underwear marker on your face
Another parking petty revenge...
Rude to my dad, lose your triple x sweater at a restaurant.
An immigrant thief stole your $400 sunglasses? Thats unfortunate
Girl I barely know doesn't get to play Library PS4 because she is rude.
Revenge on a butthead
Hung out with a boy to get petty revenge on a bad friend
Give me the finger?
No money for me, no wine for you
Petty revenge on cheating boyfriend
Accidental subconscious pretty revenge.
Make me lift heavy flat-pack furniture on my own? Enjoy a pile of steaming wet shirts on your desk.
The Story of Douche-bag Derek! aka How I made a man cut himself through the power of reverse psychology!
Ninja my Loot will you? (Petty WoW Revenge)
Groupmate refuse to contribute and still wanted the credit? The truth served...
You make pool not fun, so you aren’t playing anymore
If you tailgate me don't be surprised when I try to teach you a lesson
Email these people and tell them to step down
Extremely petty piano performance
Yeah. She was cute.
My employer lost out big time
Pink hair, don't care
An awkward sex ed class...
I got my cat back for keeping me up last night
Bully me? Enjoy depression!
Postman Edition
Don't want to keep the noise down? Well, we won't either!
An ex owed me money, and I got it back somewhat unconventionally.
Act like a roommate from hell? Then I’ll put your shoes in an ant-infested tree.
Revenge on a cat??????
Want to accuse me of cheating on a game of Badminton? Enjoy buying a new racket.
Two can play the high-beams game.
You won't respect my views, I'll smash your car door
I don't appreciate being inconvenienced by TSA agents
Criticize my craigslist ad? Let the pettiness begin.
Petty Revenge on my Sister
Sorry I truly believed that…
Jerkstore costs me $40, so I cost them $100.
Bag of cockroaches
The pettiest of coffee mugs
So im fat? Okay
Ruin my concert? Fine, I'll pee in your purse.
Have fun finding a matching sock
Pill heads get caught.
You barked at us about your replacement hard drive? Guess you can wait a few more days.
Tried Petty revenge, it didn't work out.Getting revenge on can throwers
Not grateful for what I'm giving you? Then you get nothing.
How I got a stolen monitor back
Diet Coke
Ebay revenge.
"Buy instagram followers" website made me follow random accounts a few times.
Push me out of my spot? I'll make you suffer for the rest of the show.
Carry-On Revenge
Customer bitched me out for not wanting to reopen my department to make her a pizza, so I wasted her time
ERASE is the word
Hella short story
brother doesn't share Ipad, ok
Take my seat? I'll make you fail your test...and drop your grade by 10% in English.
Put a tracker on the car? Enjoy tracking it!
Call me Retarded? I hope you don't like getting your games deleted.
Cut me off? Hope you like smoke.
Tell me to "shhh" while on your phone at my counter? You now pay for freebies.
I need some ideas to prank a teacher, but I can’t get caught
A thanks would be nice
Dirty bathroom tactics
Freshmen Drinking - parents revenge
God bless Bluetooth
Car Troubles
Husband gets his own back with regard to friend's comment
Hogging shared Wi-Fi? I'll make sure to hog your hobby
You're leaving me? Great, you'll stop flying for free
ditch me for two assignments? have fun handling your fucked grade.
Don’t pay for relocation, okay!
How did I get my pretty revenge??
School project revenge
Tastes Like Chicken
Backpack moron gets takeaway
Leave my group cause you want us to only do your ideas? How about you lose out on an easy candy grab.
The benefits of looking much younger than you are? Makes revenge much easier
Do you know who am I? Justice!
Some guy hurt my feelings so I wrote a definition on urban dictionary
College Master threatens "underage" student. Public and professional humiliation ensues.
Petty revenge on doggo
I didn't actually do this, but the whole affair tickled me. Cross-post, link in comments.
When I see a post on the front page from a sub that has banned me, I always downvote it.
Woman unnecessarily harassess other customers and gets a slice of oh so sweet petty revenge
My friend stole my models on ROBLOX
In a rush to leave the mall's parking lot, try this on four size.
You should be careful where you leave your stuff.
My brother got me into trouble, i covered for him multiple times, and tended to save his ass.
Make my day go badly? Break an explosive gas line.
ignore my attempts to work together? fail the class
#USTED SABIA QUE EXISTE PROGRAMAS PARA DISMINUIR LA POBLACION MUNDIAL ? ...Pee drawer
They're probably compensating for something...
Take a dump in my storeroom and expect to get away with it? Well I have news for you!
My family got back at my stepmom at my dads funeral.
Enjoy your burnt pizza asshole
Time to make my obnoxious roommate's life a living hell.
Take my phone will you? Enjoy waking up early.
Petty Revenge on a scammer
Cart Thief dick gets dicked
Have fun eating your food with your hands
Have fun drinking dick juice.
IT in the Army
Printer vs Popcorn
My dad got a scamming company arrested
Ex GF Voicemail from when she was found cheating.
Don't want vegetables? You're getting some.
You *need* this job (No I don't)
The Petty Revenge Of The Mummy
Don't waste my time with your crap communication.
How to get revenge on a mean Facebook person?
I'm giving a craigslist thief the run around
Me vs. Cable Company
I might have gotten a GoodWill manager fired.
Don't be a dick to people you work with.
Bus driver gets put to work.
YouTube putting ads on all videos? Let me upload 100s of GB of video that no one will see.
Have fun shoveling all of the snow!
Go ahead cut me in line
Wake ME up at 4 AM?
How I made made my middle school bully pass out
Wanna force an entire bar to listen to bad pop country? Enjoy some Spice.
Proper retaliation was required.
My mother &amp; others weren't paid for their work
Yell in my ear? Have fun not watching anything!
A-hole tailgates me when I'm already speeding... so I set them up for a speed trap
You ruin my sour cream, I ruin your coffee.
Chocolate milk.
Revenge on a Cow
Gift-Card Ex-machina
My Grandfather vs. The College Kid
Oh, you require a doctors note for me to call in? No problem...
Guy ruined my day... and I got pay-back
A guy with an itchy pinching-finger gets a taste of his own medicine
Kid who swears at me gets the boot from my minecraft server, and I never see him again...?
NSFW Petty revenge on scumbag guy
Oh I'm sorry is my bike too fast?
Ruin my rainy day, I ruin your car.
Mayonegg
No bowl for you
Brotherly revenge
Handicap parking is for handicapped people you skank
Fire me for arbitrary reasons? Enjoy your new junk mail.
Crazy girl bullies on the Internet, gets exposed to friends and family
Don't want me to walk your dog? That's cool
Throw sigaretter butt on the ground, feel my wrath!
Want to plagiarize on a group project? Well fuck you too.
Gonna steal my laundry detergent? I’ll put bleach in it.
An eye for an eye, or so they say
Quick. Neighbors have been singing on their patio (VERY loudly) for the last hour. What should I do?
Scare me, I'll scare you.
Hacker tried to use my Spotify account.
In your face boi!
Idk where to put this but here goes.
If you make me the Bad Guy, don't gripe about what happens next.
Want to flash your brights at me for not going fast enough for you? Let me inconvenience your commute too.
Stinky dog
For those of you in hospitality
Entitled Kid tries to get an M rated game by using his Grandma, I crush his dreams
That's tea
Bullying Doesn't Pay
Eat the cabinet!
I can be rude too!
Get mad at me for talking to you, i'll ignore you when you talk to me.
Sorry, you’re not as vegan as you think you are.
Enjoy the drive dad.
Shopwork mild revenge on rude sometime violent customers
Need all your ideas to get revenge on this rent scammer
Take away my coffee? I'm taking away your soda
Oh you wanted some fish... sorry bish
Inflating Rude Customers Grocery Bills
Karen get's just deserts.
Chouse to bully me weel look at you now
A coffee thief gets no coffee ( don’t know if this belongs here)
One for the price of two
Asshole at go-cart track gets what he Deserves
I hope you like the smell of my lotion
Wannabe challenges me to a flexibility contest
poop revenge reenacted by puppets
just Don’t touch my hat.
Cut me off on the sidewalk? Enjoy having an extra stop on the elevator before your floor.
Don't bring dogs to the cemetery.
Judgemental salesman loses lots of commission
And Then We Never Showed.
Make my back problems worse? You get suspension for over a month.
I'll get you wet
Mischievous Computing
Not a happy camper
The lost nerf bullet
Changing the TVs at the gym.
Had sex with my ex who cheated on my with 3 guys, but you know what? It was worth it.How to get petty revenge without repercussions
Girl tries making up lies about my bf
Yell at me for following your rules?
My parents call me lazy
I hope you enjoy your weekend...without electricity
I didn't tip the waitress following her failure to inform of the $1.00 charge for a celery garnish.
Take THAT, crappy coworker!
Snitch on me and get me grounded? Fine...
Crazy ex-housemate tried to steal $1000 from me, so I outed her as a liar to her family and friends
Annoying kids in the cinema
Petty by way of inertia
Just my two cents.
I unplugged our EBT machine and changed the password to our stores WiFi to avoid the crazy cat ladies
Slack off on assignments? Should learn to come to class!
Revenge for an overbearing sister on her 3rd wedding day
Revenge for a sleepless night
Won't let me sleep? Won't let you study. XXXLong
I finally get to say everything I didn't to a high school bully.
Guy tells his boss I made mistake - didnt hang up the phone
Open my packages? You're in for a surpriseFriendly cashier takes Karen down a peg
My wife tells me Everything
You take my seat,I take your sanity.
Messed him up
History teacher was super creepy, so I stole his markers.
Whenever my boyfriend makes me mad...
Parent digs himself into a hole.
Act like a child, get a Big baby!Ex uses some Heavy words
Revenge at the green light
GF revenge
drive like an ass, have my two cents
Craigslist Scammer has his week ruined.
I had the person that almost got me fired from my job , fired from his job a year later
don't take my gloves
Sure I'll clean up your dogs urine..again..
Told my "potential" replacement the dark side of the office on my last day.
Dad gets revenge on liter bugs
Bob the Drug Dealer's not here...he's dead.
Wakey wakey
just a very petty revenge
Sexist boss - I quit!
Steal my Ice Boomerang? Fine, I'll summon the Torch God and instantly kill you!
I ate all the Nutella
Middle Schoolers are Awful, I made a sub quit.
Request money? Well, you'll get it, but...
A Witness to a Hit and Run, A Witness to his demise. A karma with a side dish of petty revenge.
Sandwich Revenge
No coffee for you!
Get me kicked out and steal from me? Enjoy paying more for your expensive cosmetics!
Chronic complaint customer wanting their 'full remake', gets an "honesty check" thrown in for free.
How to sign someone up for telemarketing calls
Wait till I’ve basically left the state to break up with me? I’m taking the group chats then.
Donut mess with him: jerk steals our parking spot so boyfriend surprises him with a trick and a treat
Rudely interrupt my run?
Try to guilt trip me out of my grandpa's funeral? I'll make your favorite cousin mad at you.
Steals my tip money right in front of my face!
Poetry book
Coulda Been Me!
Sorry I'm so "worthless" :)You won't be serving any iced tea then.
This one isn't the same as that one. Redo them both!
Don't ask me about lunch? Be prepared for onion breath
Leave a mess in the kitchen will you?
Redhead from hell ex-girlfriend
My father and I paid his last child support check in a rather... creative manner.
Dads Friend spites rude women.
School garbage revenge
HAHA YOU FELL INTO MY TRAP CARD
Yell at me while video calling my nephew, enjoy the sound of glass smashing onto more glass.
Give me a bloody nose? get a 50 percent
Need help for my bro
If you're a sacker, don't be a cunt to your cashier.
texting stalker?
Block me from turning left? guess i'll block you from turning right.
Dump Truck Revenge
Be nice to your photographer or else
Bye, bye Alice.
Use the world as your ashcan? Fine, two can play that game.
Put in unripe Avocados in the Guacamole when you know it's too hard? Alright, enjoy the biggest unriped piece of Avocado.
unforgiving
Distracted kid gets beaten at a Pokemon game
Be nice or slow internet :)
Girl boasts, I roast
Followup to glurg glurg spit hack! Added details and corrections.
You want to copy my test answers and bully me and act like you can get away with it?, Have fun with a F!
Lgbt vs crazy feminist
Disregard the road markings to get in front of me? I don't think so.
Your child is annoying everyone and your apathy is annoying us more.
Thats what you get for slightly inconveniencing me!
Yes, you really do need your ID, ma’am
Ketchup on friends car after he was ignoring me (Picture in thread)
High School Prick
A few years ago, some gold-digging whore stole my best friend...
Won't get out of the walkway because you "Just want to stand here"? Hope you like your shoes being stepped on.
EC breaks my cheap keyboard. I take his experience keyboard away .
Wanna be a rude asshole who intimidates retail workers? You'll just leave empty handed
Inconveniencing an Annoying Tailgater
Scared half to death
You shouldn't pretend that someone else's property is yours.
I Just wanted my driveway back and my dumpster left alone.
Old classmates are trying to get votes on a start-up contest.
Roommate kept me up all night; I took the toilet paper
Enjoy giant bamboo planted all over your yard. Maybe you'll stop parking in front of my house.
More sisterly vengeance!
Smash the top of my beer bottle? Get a fountain in the face
Ignore our guest, your mom? Enjoy 2x the revenge
I got my evil host mom a trash can for Christmas
Here is my answer, robocalling bastards
Did You Get Your Phone?
Fuck your lines
Its MY SEAT!
No Backbone !
Neighbors: friends turned enemy? Karma is a biotch.
Let your dogs bark? I'm gonna blast my music.
My high school english teacher felt that I was cheap white trash and she told me so. She gave me a zero mark for a book review of Isaac Asimov's "Foundation Trilogy" because it was "pulp trash".
Made everyone think you elbowed me in the boob, even yourself
Revenge On A Bully
Think it’s fun to ruin other people’s fun? Have a taste of your own medicine!
Tailgate me on a single lane road?
I asked a boba place that I made a website for if I could have a birthday freebie, and she rudley said no. So I changed her website to have all her 1star reviews, a every word links to my amazon affiliate link.
Wanna make lies for people to stop talking to me? Ok then..
A post on Facebook leads me to discover that my housekeeper has been stealing from me...
looking to seek revenge on a disrespectful twat.
A Lesson For the Tailgater.
Gym this
Cancel My Shift, you go too far...
I got scammed and have is info - what is the best way to mess with him?
You won't take away my sun!
Do not cut in front of me in a line.
Roommate thinks he can get free wifi
Worst Manager ever, treat my like dirt, I'll get a plan to revenge you!
Rude Awakening
Over 15 years to take my revenge...
on the hot seat
Group of girls cuss me out at my ride and I get them banned from my theme park
Looking to make life harder for an asshole who came through my work, all I have is a phone number
Oh, you wanted to break my heart?
Here you are sir.
Go the wrong way down the aisle? Fine dont find your garlic then.
Neighbors kids keep throwing trash and their junk in my yard? I’m gonna pile it all in your parking spot when you leave.
Turn on your sprinklers? I'll let my dog piss on your lawn.
Rude family must wait
The price of an extra tortilla is outrageous
Boss Decides to Bite the Hand that Feeds Him
Had a cake, gave out just desserts
Roof bicycle
Be a bitch about a disability I can't just get rid of? Have fun with your eardrums bursting.
My two cents
Got a secret on my mom no one knows about
Uber Driving A Revenge on Ex
Enjoy your ugly money.
No, he won't tell a thing ! Let's see how you like this.
When a BMW driver learns to not tail gate in construction zones
Reddit I need revenge help!
Poking Chauvinism in the Butt(on)
"Yo gimme some gum!"
Fix your damned lights or be mildly inconvenienced and infuriated!
Annoying roommate gets gas lighted
Budging in Line?
The Broadway Burper
Got Dorm Leader Fired a Year After he Called the Cops on Me
Now my reports are consistent
Eat my sandwich, enjoy walking
Pantsed my sister in front of guests
Someone stole my minecraft skin so now she’s a slut
I microwaved his bagels
Responded as Soon as I Got the Text
Hehe
I told you I don't want the warranty.
Revenge on difficult claims adjuster
WiFi thermostat petty revenge in Amazon review (X-post from /r/funny)
10k owed for 1.5 years, sweet revenge
Slap me? I make sure you lose all your friends.
Petty revenge - Outburst denial to A&amp;&amp; litterbug
okay go ahead and be rude to me
My first room mate
I wanted attention from my mom, and I got what I deserved
Throw a tennis ball at me while I'm playing basket ball, will you?
Steal my detergent? Well you can wait another 15 minutes.
Threaten to sue me have fun not graduating.
Help me getting revenge
Cheat agaist me? Prepare for chemical warfare.
Eat my food, will you?
Steal my files, I'll ruin your christmas
Boss screwed me over my paycheck so I screwed him.
The IRS comes a knockin'.
Guy kept harassing me so I told his mom.
EX gets her just deserts
Hello, reddit, I'm currently in a starbucks and I need your advice on some petty revenge
Don't talk about strangers in front of them in your native language... they might understand.
Smelly Revenge
Accidental parking revenge
Guy wants my speakers and in the end I get some petty revenge.
2 faces
Let the doorbell waken my brother after he’d been driving all day.
Don't outpace your tank (Gaming Revenge)
Box tops for education
Steal the chocolate meant for me to eat with my gf?
My elementary school revenge
Poke fun at me while flapping, I'll stop your fun while you poke.
Slow Down Speed Bump Ahead
Simple, yet satisfying.
Getting back at form teacher
Ex-Stepmom forgets to transfer car title to her name, dad decides to sell it back from the original seller
Kissing girls that don’t want it? See if he does that again.
Make me do pointless shopping? Ok. Enjoy missing kids.
Entitled mom destroyed by bad carnival Hotdog planning
Unfriend and conquer
Verbally abuse me and hold my pay hostage? I’ll make your life miserable.
Young teenage sibling revenge.
Hope I didn't ruin your breakfast plan.
Do you believe in ghosts and ouija boards?
If you've got the time to scream at me, I can make you wait even longer.
I hope that gum landed in your hair
A petty moment in my life
Fandango ticket buying service is NoDamFungo
Revenge on against the person who banned me on discord server for ranting about a movie
Southwest Airlines petty revenge
Once upon a time I pulled off a good insult.
Douchebag private school kids try to get on my bus, I make them wait.
Blocking me in parking illegally, offer my legal spot to you. Not your problem. Not mine either.
Some dickblob offered $20 for a table and chairs set. I made sure it was worth the price.
I was the victim of petty revenge.
Petty commercial throwing stones at big corporations covid commercials
Leaky vase for the asshole in your life.
Foot
Oh, you're glad I broke up with him?
Kijiji Justice
Costly Revenge
Don't let me use your book? Don't save money.
That hurt, didn't it?
Had a bad day with Delta, so I drew a picture.
Horse placenta for killing my dogs
Yo mom, I never agreed to pay for that.
She stole my boyfriend so I stole her post
Leave me behind? Freeze in the snow.
Cut my line? Karma will get you, and I won't even have to lift a finger.
Group project Petty revenge
Led me on
General contractor was rude, so I didn't badge him into a restricted floor
My stalker kept texting me so I decided there was only one way to get rid him
Husband and Me versus impatient Douchebag
Cut me off and flip me off at the toll plaza? I'll drive the speed limit and get in front of you in ten miles.
Won't accept my request for a day off? Ok, I quit!
Revenge is best served cold, and sticky.
The cat ate my homework?
We are Dicksbymail.dom. We just added a Glitter option to our bag of dicks, because we're petty like that. What other petty revenge pranks do you suggest we add to our site??
Ruin my movie? Karma is real.
He told me to have a good night. I told him I would in the future. Tonight was that night.
Enjoy your chap-stick
A girl bullied me and deliberately dated my crush to hurt me, so I made her wrongfully punished by her friends and the teacher.
The king of the dandelions
Think it through before you act like a douche to random people.
I caught a classmate cheating off of me once
Telemarketer Revevenge
If you demand free shit, you'll have to work for it.
Cut in line? Get roasted.
Just the one...
Call me names? I'll kill your weed
Be a bitch to me all semester? No Milanos for you
Fluffy Payback
Help me get back?
Snitching on Yourself
Cured a co-worker of chronic practicaljokeism.
Need suggestions on how to deal with some dog owners not cleaning up their animals waste right next to the doggie poop bucket.
My great escape
Enjoy your damp and slightly linty laundry, bitch!
Well, since I don't start until 9am...
Gawk at my newborns who are crying? Be prepared to be shouted at
Cut me off and slam on your breaks?...Don't be stupid.
You dont want to be toxic with me.
This is not your personal storage/trash area.
Evil Stepmother plays herself
A shitty suprise for a shitty neighbor..
Budge in line? Have fun waiting.
Shopkeeper Accuses Me if Stealing, so I Buy Something From Next Door.
Act entitled and I’ll ruin your friendship
My Petty Penny Revenge
Extra Nugget
Rip my end of unit assessment? Redo 90% of it
Scammed &amp; Verbally abused because of a terrible repair
YOU HAVE EVIL EYES!
Bully gets rejectedRecline the whole flight? Have fun with that seat!
Petty revenge on my MIL
Don't fuck with the pizza guy
Call Me Fat? FEEL THE FAT. (On Your Foot.)
Parking etiquette (X-post from r/funny)
Hoisted by his own petard
Have a nice day 유흥다이소《UDAISＯ03닷콤→중원오피《수정오피》용현오피》길동오피》신도림역오피→》
My friends ditched me, so I cut off my finger and showed them what they’d done.
Tomato Thief
A woman in Slovakia who played La Traviata by Giuseppe Verdi on loop in her abandoned house (nicknamed "Singing House") from 6 AM to 10 PM for 16 years straight (as a revenge for a neighbor's barking dog), has been finally arrested
Puff Puff Jail.
Don't listen? Don't get the sale!
Just load the damn dishwasher
“One for a lying daughter and another for an unfaithful husband.”
The dungon master always wins
She snitched to my mom so I terrorized her silently for two weeks. (Long but worth it)
If you wanted to use your toaster oven, you should have washed your dishes a year ago.
Don't steal my sodas "bro".
After years of being stupid, here's what I did: Just be nice.
Pretty petty but still satisfying. (first post)
My ex husband kept calling the cops after I left, so I changed the Netflix passwords
Think you're clever, scrutinizing how I do my job? I hope you enjoy sitting on a couch for 45 minutes.
A-Hole Homeboy wannabees and their piece-of-shit lowrider
Revenge at school
Stop hogging the bandwith, or, No Runescape for you!
Steal my parking spot after a long wait? Have fun with some broken windshield wipers
Smokers please be conscious of others.
My girlfriends psycho ex keyed her car this morning
Don't No Call No Show When I'm Friends With Your Family
At the gas station, there was a desperate attempt at petty revenge. It backfired.
Brazilian redditor's abusive boyfriend takes the petty and selfish route and gets a tattoo of her name in order to manipulate her not to brake up with him. It backfires.
Petty Revenge in Spanish
Oh, sorry, did I drop your drinks?
Jerk friends playing with me on the road while I'm trying to get my wife to the hospital to have our first child.
Enjoy the Slam/Stomp
Seeking petty revenge on a prank caller...
Wake me up? I think I'll wear shoes this morning.
Entitled cousin insists to play vr, so I make him poo his pants.
Tailgate revenge with extra satisfaction
Posted a lolly into a car window on a hot day
Need Help! Neighbors Noisy Problem
Incredibly petty revenge against an ex boyfriend
The Petty Laundry Revenge
So my friends fountain is bothering you?
Bully - be- gone
You type too slow!
This girl in the theater had her feet up on the back of my friend's chair.
Not possible to unsubscribe? Oh, I’m not so sure..
Dont mess with a man's family on their day out.
Girl working at coffee shop gave me shit
Karma is a bitch and so is mum
Sis gets revenge on EX after he steals her car keys
I hope you like mint.
That'll get you, you ignorant dipshit.
Please hold for a moment, sir.
Pizza Delivery Pettiness
How I'm about to prove a point to my teacher by bringing pizza to school
Don’t mess with my dogs food ants
A story I need to tell and get off my chest.
Answering somebody's text is automatically flirting? Ok, then I'll never respond to YOU again.
Just sit the fuck down.
The tale of my cheesy meatballs and the bitch. (x-post from talesfromretail)
A Commando Connection
Stop Eating MY Food
My 60yo mom performed a mighty petty revenge on the road today.
Paid in "Full"
Told my mate he has an STD after he cheated on his girlfriend.
Old friend refuses to give my stuff back
Take time off to refresh before my next job, boss? You don’t need two weeks notice? If you insist...
Ruin a concert, get a wet, freezing ass
Teammate stole from me- I pissed in his Gatorade
Your Ill-Preparation Is Not My EmergencyFriend took a girl, I took his name
Standing up for my right to stand up
By any other name
All is fair in love and bread!
The 16 year-old douche with no idea of flight etiquette.
Added myself on her boyfriend's bucket list
"I'm sorry mam, you'll have to wait."
You've got a lovely bunch of coconuts, but I've got avocados
Rope me into a social occasion I'm not comfortable with - weird marks on your hand.
Stop Yelling or Else
Spoil Endgame for me, I spoil your grade.
I made my annoying housemate walk three flights of stairs multiple times a night just because he wouldn’t use headphones
Teacher gets some funny revenge on my friend
Since You're So Eager to Honor that Sign...
I ain't got no sleep cuz of y'all, y'all ain't get no sleep cuz of me.
Wake up call
Get Dunked on
Coworker Think's I'm Loud
All because of some cake.
No, I won't sell you these fine crystal champagne flutes for 25¢!
Crazy girls bully behavior gets put on blast for loved ones to see
Refuse to pay for service so pay for service twice.
You win a lifetime supply of SPAM for wasting my time you chode.
Don't judge a book by its cover.
Bus driver almost runs me over
My work was "too slow" so I fixed a bug in a fraction of the time it took the engineer to not fix it.
Turn Off My Alarm Clock? Now Your Pillow Has To Pay
"But that's YOUR job!"
A coworker was extremely rude with me and I’m still reeling
Wife shoe swap..
I hate your stupid candle
Did you know when potatoes get really old they turn black and start leaking sludge?
Petty Revenge against my husband.
Petty revenge on my wife for lying about a purchase
Now she can’t use my bike
Don't mess with a lactose intolerant person.
I hope you get fat!
Constantly beg everyone for power-ups in Tower of Hell? Get flexed on by a 3000 robux avatar then!
Want your hat back?
Why you don't kick my friend in the leg
Stuck up woman loses $20
Laugh at my ripped pants? Enjoy having your ass covered in paint.
Eye for an eye. Bad parking for bad parking.
Rude to me? Thanks for the Starbucks!
Talk behind my back and get exactly what you want
Not a story but i want to get revenge on my brother please download
Revenge from someone who works in box office
Want to try and bully me? Enjoy your swim
Stealing my stuff
I gave her what she wanted!
So some rando is trying to blackmail me.
Sure thing...buddy.
Aerosports Revenge
NSFW - petty revenge on my SO
One foot worth of revenge.
Revenge on dorm roommate
No dogs allowed? Miss out on 150k.
Blurred Vision
Food Fight NSFW (Not Safe For Work)
You want to play Foosball with me after you just stole from me?
Left surprise sex toys all over my house to get back at terrible leasing agency
Don't dare eat my food
Rude to a server? Enjoy your 'stronger' drink
Roommate Interrupted My Nap
Petty Revenge Strikes Again!
Headteacher was an absolutely awful person and got a ball to the face.
Shittiest paint job
bouncer pettiness #1
I felt they had it coming.
Revenge by chocolate
Mess with my car, I'll mess with yours
Make fun of a disability? Have fun getting yelled at.
Mom vs. Vacuum Salesman
Next time just ask, Mr. Poo tires
Don't pay for a $20 CD, smash your Dad's $250 sunglasses.
Ok dont give me my break then (work)
Take your trash back you trash.
Lie About My Pencil? Ok Enjoy a Downgrade
Child staring at me in the bathroom...
Want to lock your stroller to the stairwell guardrail? Enjoy the extra protection!
Dump my best friend? You'll pay.
Enjoy your squished burger, McRudePants.
You shove me, I shove you
Don't Rush Me at Check out
Revenge on Sophistry in Motion
Baseball coach playing favorites
Take advantage of me? Enjoy scrambling for someone new
This is what happens when you park like an asshole.  My car is the silver one.
"Helicopter" flatmate can't stop trying to control the household. Pt. 2
Fire me? Your clients see your porn now.
Don’t worry, you’ll get your candy on the special ed bus.
This isn't necessarily a story on revenge, but could you guys help me create one?
Want me to speed up? How bout' SLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooo...
A pretty fishy revenge, in the scale of things
Don't forget whose bed you're on..
Subwoofer trumps CSI Miami reruns.
You don't want to read anything or do anything that actually contributes? Okay, enjoy having a harder time!
I ruined a entitled girls time rollerblading
Guy cheats on my sister, now his car smells like rotten milk.
Parents take my shit I take theirs.
Pay me or I'll ruin your date!
Break my heart and ruin my Prom night?
Wake me up and don't care? Consider the debt paid.
How dare you park in front of my house.
Extremely petty pettyrevenge tale
As an RGM for pizza hut I fired my entire in store crew and let them do the "you can't fire me, I quit routine" which I verified and quickly accepted...Whoops, no unemployment for you.
My Mom Finds Out My Dad Was Cheating And Ruins His Favorite Shirt
Take the car I paid for? Good luck finding the dead fish in it
Helping a classmate take revenge on her cheating boyfriend
2nd Grade petty revenge
i was petty when my ex started dating my best friend so i used his netflix for 3 months
Petty Canadian revenge
Old guy in a rush
What would be the correct subreddit for revenge ideas/requests?
Insult my makeup skills, make me buy 7 bottles of soda and 5 bags of ice? Then you're not getting your $20
Till divider.
Backseat driving? Back seat revenge.
Be a jerk to the girl answering the phones? I'll teach you.
Try to cut in the line for gas? Over my dead body draped across the pump literally if thats what it comes down to.
Not grade my assignment, have fun never getting me off your back.
Fast Food Workers are Merciless.
Phishy Glowstick Dick
Chill out, kiddos
Unfriend me? Here, have some unlikes.
can somebody help me hack a girl’s snapchat? she’s cheating on my best friend
Get bitchy at me about flowers and i'll make you wait.
Don't wait around or call, get towed
Revengeception
Revenge on me from my teenage neighbor
The Commode Commentator
Exposing the Thot.
Public Display of Affection
revenge both irrational and transcendental (happy pi day)
I caused a massive shift in our department's lab policy by doing something petty.
Instant Karma
I alt f4ed
That's what you get for not being a decent human being..
ah, sweet third grade revenge
As a kid I once peed on my dad out of rage.
Telling me to f off? Ok!
Taunt me about your Excel entry errors? You don’t know who you’re dealing with!
How to send junk/spam mail to a house
Don't mess with me on my birthday
Keep asking me dumb questions? I'll take my sweet time crafting a passive aggressive email masterpiece AND GET PAID FOR IT
Annoying principal gets´s to taste of her own medicine
A little something
My Sister is a Hypocrite so I finally did what she asked me too
Airbnb host tries to charge me an extra $250. I took $550 from him.
All you had to do was call
Count that change, bitch
You think your stereos are loud? We'll get louder ones
Not going to do the dishes? Feel the wrath of the unresolved microwave!
My sister is a saint. Entitled drive-thru woman vs Sister Scoot.
Can't control your kids? Have fun on the train!
Be a bitch to my mom? Enjoy parking on the street!
Landlord screws me but pays for it
Make comments about my fiance? Ok then...
Making two mad girls at a game wait 30 minutes...
I read this article and it definitely belongs here.
A lesson in sharing the glory
Any good advice on retribution?
Try to cut me off? It doesn't work like that
Roommate didnt take out trash... Hope he doesn't enjoy sleep
What do barn owls look like in slow mo?
Fuck you bank
When someone won't even discuss their bad behaviour, sometimes you have to force them to
Christmas cookies in January deserve something special (medium)
I am not a free taxi service.
Have fun moving your truck.
Foul smell revenge
You Eat my Food Without my permission, Then I eat your Lunch
Game. Set. Match
"Friend" wanted All my secets
You Wanna Be A Bully? Ok. Let's See You Bully Now
My parents will never mess with my smartass again
Enjoy a few extra hours at work every Monday, for years!
Want to steal from us? I'll report it to the IRS
Annoy everyone you work with I will give it back
The prank call reversal
I(30m) moved and initially wanted to surprise my family I bought a house. But they thought i'm still a tenant.
Use my toothbrush? You'll have to wait an extra 35 minutes for dinner.
Double Parking Douchebag
Reacted to teasing by ruining a 4.0 students GPA
Enjoy wasting 30 minutes of time at my work? Enjoy driving 2 hours to the other side of the city for nothing!
Block the sidewalk with your car?
Those who place my soaking wet laundry on the floor will have an eternity of hell to pay.
Never be rude to a teenager making your food late at night.
Want a discount? I'll give you a "discount"
Throw away my straws? Have fun trying to drink your Yakult stash
Suck on *this* bro! (AKA "The thickest milkshake ever!"
Enjoy your porn subscriptions bitch.
Neighbor has all his other neighbors mad at him
Steal everything from us? Enjoy your case of the sh*ts!
QUESTION: What to write to a former manager
Cut in line of me will you?
Small things I do sometimes to irritate annoying people
Acquaintance didn't study for a quiz
Neighbor was playing opera at 3am. I played loud heavy metal until he had to pay a hefty fee and eventually got kicked out of his lease
Racist lady at Hell Mart. (x-post from /r/TalesFromTheCustomer)
Girl gave me the "I'm pregnant" to get back with me
Babysitter Pay-Back
The Trash Wars.
Co-worker got a revenue camera ticket and I didn't bother to tell him he did not have to pay it.
Ding my car with me in it, and try to creep away eh?
Don't screw over the custodian doing you a favor
Traffic Cop Revenge
I posted this as comment and was sent here. :)
Teenagers blocked me in so I blocked them in for 3 hr
Leaving a cart in a handicap spot when it's below freezing
Sometimes, I wonder how some of my fellow bankers keep their jobs....
Crazy homeowner's association enforcer gets a taste of her own medicine.
Want more money? Fine.
Uber driver drunk ultimate revenge
Don't Snipe Parking Spots
Huh, what? Couldn't hear you over dealing with It.
Drive through lady
Mess with me now? I mess with you later!
Trip me over? Watch your back next time!
I pooped in the name of revenge
Don't Judge A Bundle of Tips By Its Cover
Never push someone of a ledge in minecraft
Petty Friend Groups.
Be on your phone in my checkout line? I won't take off the TARE codes.
Macaron petty revenge
Don't steal my laundry machine.
"Bags are expensive"
My noisy upstairs neighbor got a nice alarm this morning.
Kid gets laughed at.
Revenge on a Professor
Chase me through a parking lot to tell me that's against policy? Ok.
I sound like my mother.
Super *Petty Revenge on the BEST room-mate EVER
If you can't park a pickup truck, you shouldn't drive a pickup truck.
Say goodbye to your hearing.
Crybaby Slacker Coworker
Beater and cheater gets beat in his own game.
Don't let me have ADHD? I'll go full hyperactive during the final!
My roommate always leaves the kitchen a mess when he’s made breakfast in the morning. To combat this I’ve started to tidy up all the crumbs from toast or whatever he has made and I throw them on his bed. It satisfies me knowing he isn’t comfortable at night.
Jerk kids got what’s coming for them
You want to be passive aggressive over a carpet? This'll learn ya.
Lazy Co-worker gets Embarrassed at Termination
If you can’t be fair you should at least know how to use a computer.
Mild petty revenge on annoying student in my class.
Won't let me pass? Enjoy your ticket.
Minor revenge at a toll booth
How I got back at a messy gym bro
Throw me under the bus, kill your career
Double Eagle
Had sex with my ex yesterday who cheated on me with 3 guys, but it was worth it.
Petty Revenge on Photo Radar Operator
Housemate leaving her dishes and some of our shared utensils in the sink for days.
The Age of the Tyrannical Manager of Taco Bell has Gone on Long Eough
Take a worthless piece of steel!
now you have crabs
Y’know what? You did it to yourself.
My 3DS was stolen
intimidate me in gym class? eat hockey stick!
Eat my food and I'll poison it for you next time.
Ruin the bitch
I'm the Mike Tyson of making you look like an asshole.
Ah, so you're gonna be rude? Have fun explaining why that one assignment isn't with you.
We're such good friends/family that you can't hold your brother accountable for a $20 bet? Now I'm the bad guy for calling you both out for dodging me? Let's go.
The epitome of petty and envious
DONT DRINK THAT POWERAID
Stink Bug revenge
Poop return
My ex tried to shame me, but gf saved me like a deus ex machina
Tit for tat, you asshole cat
Germaphobe gets owned
Not in a rush?
I sent your blog to your top college choice
Small act of petty revenge that's almost certainly going unnoticed, but makes me feel better.
Cut the line miss your turn
Made a bully eat coffee powder
Be a dick to me? I be a dick back.
I’ll call you out for saying my picture is fake.
You need proof?!
A sticky revenge against a lazy room mate...
One Way
When a neighbor’s loud music threatens to ruin our party we cut off their power...and forgot about it for six days.
You don't think I should work at the register?
I got the Fake IRS call
The best breath I ever took (X-Post from r/idontworkherelady)
Tow my car immediately after I park it? You get my small change
Here's Your Not So Chocolate Milkshake
Petty carwash revenge
A**hole teacher get fired
"Hills have Eye" reject family seriously injured brother on leave from military; revenge imminent.
Messing with Scammers
So you wont flush the toilet?
Littering drunkards have mug confiscated
Petty Revenge in the Classroom
Calls, texts, emails, and snail mail...enjoy.
Scammed me on eBay, so I registered your website and redirected it to a porn site
i'll give you a typo
"You're not responsible enough to own a house." Right.
Learn to respect women (NSFW) W/ Pic
Minecraft players may or may not understand
Gonna steal my stuff? Okay.
Don't make a mess in my car
My mom serves piping hot revenge to a good ole boy
Take my leg room? I don't think so.
I stopped the Scripture phone calls
An Aglet for an aglet
The Bumato
My bff friend hates me for no reason so I taught her a lesson
Girl tryed to break me and my bf up. I pranked her phone
Got my groceries stolen during Covid-19
Overprivileged Parking
Ruin my mom's vacation? Hope you weren't expecting a smooth ride home
i canceled their print jobs
Hang up on me? Fine, wait on hold.
Petty revenge on a tailgater with broken headlights
Monkey see, monkey do, bitch.
If u scam me, I'll scam u back, and give my aunt a huge birthday gift...
File lawsuits &amp; be a jerk? Here's some leaves!
If you act like a child, you'll be treated like one.
What a shitty situation
I stopped my bullies from getting any jobs
Steal my skateboard feel my wrath!
Act like a jerk all week? Time for a little cargo greif
Front garden is not a bin.
My petty revenge in the silent compartment of a train
My family estranged me and I ended up with the house
Math Class Cheater
Help me. Ex owes me money, I have her net banking details, how do I transfer what she owes me plus interest out of her account with her knowing I did it?
Guy tried to get “revenge” on my friends and I, failed miserably
Merge on my lane without signal lights twice? Let me return the favor 60 miles later.
you insult me? fine. screw you and your entire wardrobe
Insult my playing abilities? Embarrass yourself with your own
Smell my fart, Wells Fargo!
Don’t shovel the tarmac? Lose some toilet paper😁
Throw dog poop in my garden?
Open Secrets
Park in my carport?
Your turn to feel bad about yourself.
Try to infringe upon my marriage, enjoy feeling insignificant
Door Slam
Asshole pickup truck driver gets instant justice
Make me step in a puddle? Enjoy getting wet
I need some advice. My neighbors across the street from me Saran wrapped my truck because I parked on their side of the street. What should I do?
Unrelenting roommate!
Leave me to clean up after you? Have a lot more work when you come back
When the shoe salesman offered me Velcro shoes, I said, "Sure, why knot?"
Don’t Drink My Milkshake
Kitchen wipes are extra absorbent!
Railroad Crossing Impatience
Petty Revenge on hated HS teacher by cleaning my puke!
"Apartment hunting"
You want to maintain your own fence? Ok.
Fuck me over? Drink my piss for 3 months.
Sprinkle Some Toe Nail Clippings
Enjoy the hot, hot summer day
Do not call me before 7 am, douche.
Male cheerleaders and construction workers
I signed my ex-best friend up for the Scientology newsletter.
Thanks for honking
Want to throw snow all over our yard? Have it back!
I used to wipe my boogers in my ex-best friend’s dance bag
Shit-Water the Musical
when an annoyed employee gives away all your ice cream
Don't want to get in line? Guess you go second then.
Stain my coat, get water tipped over your head.
Clean your dirty tubes
Mild annoyance to a former best friend
Stop Texting me.... or else.
Queue jumping? I'll wait right until you get to the head of the queue to call you out.
Person who I hate tries to troll me, I troll them back.
Face it, any revenge on a giant like ComCast is going to be *petty* revenge.
Roommate has not left the room in 2 weeks and I want to fap. Should I lock his computer?
Body shaming = Free clothes
Don't lie to store security
Petty? Revenge on selfish husband
The departures lounge cunt.
I need your help UK Redditors
That's what you get for killing friendlies.
Mistreat the vulnerable..How about a few calls/texts to buy those sold out concert tickets you have..
Please do not deign to prioritise my workload
Make me lose my money? I'll get my petty revenge.
Teacher calls me names. I'll get him fired and he'll never teach again.
Revenge Lint Bomb
More than petty?
Help! My girlfriend is a cheater and I'm unsupervised at her house for the next 5 hours...
Annoying Co-worker wants to be part of ANY conversation? OK, 2 of us question her about a soon to be released game.
Inconsiderate gym locker room gets his locker locked.
Sticking it to the man 5 cents at a time.
The old McDonald's nose-blow
YOINK!
Scumbag loses most of his friends and a job opportunity. Revenge is sweet.
Want to show me what a badass you are? Here, have some Kiwi balls.
Not paying for small town ticket.
My reputation shuts up another girl
An asshole driver and the pettiness of a final honk
My mom breaks the deal me and she had even though I did my part. I get revenge
My petty deli revenge.
"You giant to wear the company issued uniform" Well if you insist.... X-post from r/maliciouscompliance
( • ͜ʖ •)
revenge on neighbor
In a hurry, pal?
So some of my mail disappeared...
Man breaks part of car, gets his door dinged up a bit
This might be a bit too petty and short, but i'll put it here anyway.
A little bus story.
I lost an election for class president in college and made I student government a living hell for the dude who beat me
My girlfriend was cheating on me with some dude and as revenge I sent her a video of me sucking off the same dude she got with. Yup. She never knew I was bi sexual and so was the guy :) she got mad and broke up with me.
Wedding Card Revenge
Cyber flasher does not get the nudes he was expecting
Don't want to help sick girlfriend? No Internet for you.
Ex Roommate Opening Important MailHow my neighbors got what they deserved.
What's better than watching a jerk in traffic fly by you and get pulled over by a hidden cop up ahead?
Annoying Housemate broke my favourite mug (among many, many other sins...), so I broke his
Roommate won't let me sleep in? I relax with a nice hot shower.
Loud, noisy, neighboring dorm? No problem
A petty revenge I just remembered from my childhood.
Forget to introduce me? I'll ruin your joke.
My Cat’s Revenge
Girl gets backstabbed, does the same to her bad friend
Tailgate and honk on a single lane street, how'd that work out for you?
An opportunity for revenge 10 years later
Remember to tip your Pizza delivery guys.
Elevated Encounters with Gino Danino
Oh sorry, were you trying to sleep?
My sibling is abusive so i went on television to say fuck you.
Park in other people's spots? Enjoy the shit I give you
If I have to wait, you have to wait.
Request: dealing with noisy neighbours
When was a time when your petty revenge came back to nip you in the butt?
"That's my logic"
Foreclosing bank &amp; shitty management company petty revenge…
Mom didn't even get home
A guy and his wife try a slick move to cut in line, but I don't let him get away with it.
Parking Attendant Revenge
Making you regret stealing my drinks.
Don't mess with a girl with lavashits.
No la croix
Not helping a paranoid blind lady the second time around
I've been leaving angry notes on every server report I turn into work.
Petty coffee revenge.
Want to tailgate? Have some washer fluid.Do you feel me? Do you feel me inside of you?
Call me dumb because I don't recognize who you are immediately? Whoops, I may have charged you a little too much.
The slaying of the BoB demon
You don't respect living over me? Fine, I won't respect living over you, either!
Revenge on unwanted loud music.
you don't own the road
How I Got Revenge On My Racist Ex Boyfriend. NSFW!
The petty revenge of an online retailer.
Saying please never hurts
Assholes on the bus: The sequel
Young revenge with slippery substance
That's what you get for being a scumbag.
Uncle passes away, locks niece out of his fortune because she treated him like a purse.On the off chance I did get a few hours of sleep id wake up to my neighbor gagging! Enjoy the smoke alarm!
Brother Drinks My Water? Guess Who Doesn't Have Cold Water After A Hot Day?
Guess they couldn't afford you either!
Revenge on a data tech
Tried to strike a deal with a line-cutter
Never bring me food from your jobs? Enjoy nothing from my job.
No I Won’t Pay You The $600 I Owe You (UPDATE)
The neighbour's bush
This stop is closed. But the bus will stop just for you...
If you leave your clothes in the washing machine for days, I’ll sew them all together.
Following the rules never felt so good.
Signing up a number for telemarketing spam calls
At least pour out your tea if it bothers you so much
Finally have a story
I deleted my then BFF’s high follower Instagram account and never told her it was me
Cancel on helping me put in a fence you agreed to in order go to a weed celebration concert?
"Girls don't like beer"
You bully me....You fail an AP Course
Dont mess with my food
A battle buddy in the truest form added his "special sauce" into my cheating ex-girlfriends lotion.
Gonna trash the place and mooch? Get out
Petty revenge for a stranger
Make ME do stress and do all the work? Alright, have fun at the meetings with no Presentations.
Fake Id
How to deal with rude League of Legends players
Dont get stupid in a small town
Tamper with my mountain bike and I "tamper" with your face.
does this count as petty revenge?
I got accused of what??
Twins and parents think its okay to throw things over to me and shout at me for it back.
Ex won't give my concert tickets back? Okay, enjoy not getting in
Artful fast-food petty revenge. Nothing gross.
So, you're a doctor, eh?
Prank us with having Cancer? Get your whole day wasted waiting on nothing
Recent Ex-girlfriend's "Cologne Christmas Present" Revenge
Little kid grudges grow up, too
oh, you want your old job back, karen? not happening
Teacher has my back against school bully
Make me stop and I'll make you wet
"You forgot your bread"
Oh, you wanted my leftovers?
Craigslist scammer revenge.
Petty revenge idea? Obnoxiously Lou’s hospital bed neighbor intentionally on her phone at the top of her voice. Nurses can’t do anything. How do I shut her up?!?
Talk through the whole movie, I'll waste a few minutes of your time.
My Brace Armor To The Rescue
Don't fuck with me or you're going to have to work late.
Fuck with the computer I'm using to do finish your request? I'll waste your time.
Sweet Revenge
My plan for revenge after I move out
You sent me 6 pages and the last few pages are riddled with sus words
They Hit My Car, Blamed Me, Ended Up Paying More
New Employee Doesn't Realise I'm Company Owner Takes My Car Space/Gets Abusive/Gets Fired
I made a girl that bullied me, drink my friend's semen, without her knowing.
My friends harassed me on minecraft I made them waste 2 day of their life
Hurry too hard, you end up in a fence.
Move up please!
Petty website revenge on a builder who overcharged me £500
The time I got ran over
No, I haven't seen your keys.
Revenge on an air freshener borrower
Family keeps pure bred Persian when owner decides not to collect him for 2 years
Nintendo 64 revenge
At the car wash baby
I can't plant flowers?
I get petty revenge on a b*tch in my class
Dont fuck wit my moms house
My brother's girlfriend would not stop eating mine and my roommates food. So we start calling her "Miss piggy" when ever she does it.
She'll never steal my toothpaste again....
Petty pencil
don’t call me a bitch!
Inconsiderate neighbours
My roommate NEVER cleans his dishes...
No Facebook for you!
Call me a trump supporter for asking you to park in your reserved parking instead of mine? Enjoy listening to how much I don't support trump all night long.
Post-roommate revenge (+photo)
I’ve been flinging shit into my neighbors yard for over 3 years now
Back it up, friend. Pay your own way.
So I need some help with a petty revenge on my dad...
The parking spot
Please do enjoy that second speed camera!
Unplug my charger? Ill show you
The better to poop on you!
Rude to me and my coworkers? Hope you don't mind waiting for your medications.
Pirate Game Boy Advance games? No.
mistakes that shorten your pets life
Annoying the guy who's annoying bar patrons
Getting back at dad.
How do I get revenge?
Call the police and say I beat and raped you? I will ruin your life without trying.
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
Say goodbye to your bacon burger
That time the petty revenge took care of itself....
Someone trolled me so I found there IRL info
My neighbor thinks he owns city land
"Best Friend" tries to blackmail me to my LEO dad
Enjoy the slowest mile, Dickface
Fuck you, Dad.
“ You probably deserved it anyway...”
Friends post picture of celebration my girlfriend wasn't invited to on facebook. She gets a grumpy look on her face and says
No reading in my class!!
A Quarrelsome Hottie in the U.S. NAVY
Grandma Karen gets a parking ticket
In such a hurry you can't put your grocery cart up, here let me help you.
There is a $.10 “charge on bags, here in Puerto Rico. I am okay with that. I am not okay with enforcement of it.
Take a day of holiday from me, forget me being polite in my emails then.
Delayed revenge is like finding $20 in an old pair of pants
My Mom's petty revenge
Woman tries to steal doughnuts, gets cleaned.
Playing dead (an accidental r/pettyrevenge)
The innocence of youth and the triumph over pre-tweens
A Poop Jackson Pollock
Want to Park in a Handicap Spot with No Placard or Plates? OK… Enjoy Your Gift!
Bounce your basketball at midnight? No hot water for you!
I’d love to make my ex play tons of dress up.
We're Not Playing Catch?
Report me and lie to my manager? Enjoy not having anything stocked.
Don't blow your horn at me!
Lazy Lover Revenge
Bitch Bullies Me In Art But She Didn't Know What To Expect
Karaoke Revenge
Scammer tries to fraud me. I make them listen to
My roommate lets her children do whatever they want so I unplugged the WiFi
Speed bump justice
revenge on me
Douchebag at the gym
Cut me off 100 yard from the intersection, and then turn the same way I'm turning?
Shady Business in College
Teenage Snapchat Pettiness
Kid was rude to me. I made sure he didn't get the video game he wanted.
I accidentally gave my wife an embarrassing nickname of her own...
Roommate made my college life a living hell, I made her last week a nightmare (not really)
I don't read enough? Okay then...
Stingy, rude flatmate ruins 3 friendships for less than 10 dollars
Petty pet revenge
School Bus Driver gets revenge
Used to bully me in school? Oh how the tables turn :)
going for their meaning / purpose, even if it's petty
Mess with my laundry?
My husband is still in bed
so our car ruins the view of your house? hope nobody's looking.
I can't see the new update.
Entitled driver? Feel my petty wrath.
If you wanna ride my ass, you better have some patience.
Jump out in front of my bike on a narrow path to impress your girlfriend? Have fun walking home drenching wet and cold!
A fart for a fart
Submit a post to this subreddit? I'll judge you for using a formulaic title.
Why you gotta be so aggressive?
Bare assed revenge
Hog the Bed and see what happens
Getting extremely petty revenge on my sister.
Give me an egg!
Sister gets in trouble
Boss wouldn't let me give waste to a homeless woman so I told the customers in the lobby to stay.
Annoying childhood "friend" finally loses
Hostess Vengeance
mobile game alliance leader kicks me out, repay her by destroying the alliance
Ignore your job? Enjoy the mold.
Spotify Theft Payback
Very petty...
Be brutal. She deserves it.
Bully me until i’m at my breaking point? enjoy being hit with tons of rocks
Crazy lady doesnt understand data protection laws
Climb on my shed, eh?
Cup half full? I never half-ass something for a jerk like you.
My bad day a Houseworth story
Mess with my laundry??
Defiling her office throne.
Ceos and directors brag about their Christmas holidays in the bahamas every year when employees have to work through all of it now get a taste of their own medicine
narcissistic girl gets what she deserved
Cold Calls wasting my time? Let's tie up your phone line
Apartment life - loud neighbor accidental petty revenge for disturbing my sleep.
Drunk roommate gets a cold shower
Gave mouthy children a double workload
Check my Tab!
Try to ruin the show for me, perfect, that gum will cost you $200.
Push through a crowd to rush on to elevator? Enjoy Your ride.
Watch my TV, will you? Hm, I actually think I could use another computer monitor.
So you wanna deprive me of my snack?!
My friend made fun of me for having 5 karma.....
Family friend stole my underwear, taught her a lesson she's never forget.
Bucket Head gets his revenge
So you like eating other people's lunch?
No trash cans at McDonald's.
Company treats me like utter garbage so I clean out all of my entitlements, avoid a lawsuit and still get my 10 years celebration pack, nearly 2 years after the fact.
Tailgating for absolutely no reason
I can't wait till I'm old enough to give no shits
Enjoy Your Shower
Socks to be him: The Most Impervious Man in the World
Walk of Shame
Drove it like a meth head in a rental
Take two spots instead of one, enjoy your surprise.
I shoved poop through a mail slot
Noisy Dorm Neighbors
Using my unpaid work? Look at it a little closer...
Take my freedom? I'll take my rug!
Gave my papers a drink, so I shared him mine
Insult me? i take your dog from you.
Tailgate and dazzle me? I'll be your inconvenience of the day.
The destroyer of flower beds
Gave him a spoon of his own medicine
Bully my friend? Prepare to get wormed.
Moving out with ALL my stuff.
Won’t give me cash...pay the fee
I broke my sisters AirPods in revenge after what she did to me
Everyone in the office helps themselves to my butter so I've started spitting in it
My Mom wrecked her bosses son.
Don't mess with a goody two shoes!
Tweens Hopefully Learn a Little Humilty
My teacher was a bitch to me. This is payback!
Got someone I hate's comedy show cancelled
Be rude to me, I'll take an extra second of your time
How I got revenge on my school bully
He never does it anymore.
Disrespect Me? Bye bye ear drums
Cheating ex gets what's coming
Enjoy Your Seat
Enjoy your hot lava
Boyfriend ignored me all day to play video games, I farted all over his clean clothes
Don't take my hoodie
Wait your turn!
Pancake parking ticket
Cheated on gf gets revenge (xpost from /r/confession)
I locked my sister out of her room multiple times.
Got revenge on lazy tweaker neighbor
Don't want to hurry ? Say goodbye to your onions
Roommate Steals My Vinyl I Ruin Her New Designer Bag
Don't worry, we have a spare!
Oh you poor, poor old woman....
"It'll only be 5 minutes."
I just found this fantastic petty revenge story.
Keep me up until 3:30 practicing your freestyling? Enjoy my friend's garage rock band!
I don't like you. My friend doesn't like you either.
Sold me a car that was screwed in the long run, then take 3+ weeks for a 3day repair and lie about it?
Laxative is a bad combo with food
Cheat of me and accuse me of cheating enjoy detention
The assholes on the roller coaster
I called my brother a snitch in a sneaky way
Make me miss my exit? Right back at ya
Reject me all you want, but don't come crawling back when you change your mind
(Not) in a hurry
That'll teach you to trip me.
That pit road move is going to cost you...
Toss my paperwork? You'll miss yours too...
My sister and I got in a fight,
Melancholy revenge
Annoy me while I'm doing my job? Your parcel is getting opened and delayed by customs
Full moon revenge.
You're kicking me out of the house and don't do your part of our deal? You won't have internet and now you have to call for a new service
Ditch me, I destroy your vehicles
Violate traffic etiquette?  NOPE.  Here, I'll help you take that exit you're trying to avoid.
My brother pinched the families dogs, I got him grounded
Got some revenge on my dad for leaving me in line at stores when he went off.
Sorry, did you want that spot?
Being a dick in the gym? You pay the price.
PowerPoint you say?
Look at me funny? Make you work TWICE AS HARD
Two words: Poop rice.
Auto “mechanic” shop kept messing my car up when I brought it in, so I got a job there.
Speaking of parking lot stories, don't take advantage of my kindness.
Guy overtakes without using his indicator, petty revenge was had
Cut people off? No free meal for you!
My uncle's revenge against millionaire assholes
(Petty) Revenge Served By The Slice
Perfec timing for revenge is presented, and I take it
It's party time, now
You want me to sit in on an interview for a possible new hire, make sure they can work well with me since I will be their supervisor, and then fire me? Let's see your installs run smoothly.
Douche bag neighbors in a college student apartment are shooting my and everyone's windows with airsoft gun. What should I do? Revenge?
PEOPLE LIKE YOU CAN’T HAVE DRESSES LIKE THAT
Stole a Coffee mug from A Blenz Coffee because the barista made fun of me for asking whether I was allowed to bring the cup outside..
Can't Follow Traffic Rules? Wait Your Turn
You think stealing packages is cool? You'll learn the bad way.
Giving the annoying people a taste of their own medicine on a Minecraft server.
You wanna be loud at 3am? I’ll be even louder
peeaid
Lack of finesse in dealing with serial prank calling
Lady won't quit sending me texts, I fight fire with fire
Insult my family, better know how to ski
"... So, I'm taking someone else"
My movie theatre revenge
Office desk chair politics
Josh Lowes, "stylemotlf" on Reddit, is a lowlife scumbag
Piss me off? I'll cover your clothes with my deodorant that you hate
Steal my game? i'll steal your time!
Get everyone in trouble for shit you do too? Have fun flipping your socks every day.
Tattled to my ex’s mom, and I don’t regret it in the least. Then I ruined his professional prospects at my job.
Brotherly lovely
Not a story... TIP. If you want to really make a very rude jerk feel bad on the internet tell them you’re going/did kill yourself because of them.(Not saying to do it) THIS could mess then up so bad. Or they’ll definitely be wondering “did I make someone kill themself?”
Cut my hours? I'll have a new job by TOMORROW. Need epic "I QUIT" suggestions!
Giant plant, needs to go.
A Short Story of a Karen getting her Just Deserts. (with a short bonus sweet petty revenge story on Karen again)
No pictures from Me!
Damn Punk Kids
Can we blow up this discord server?
The epitome of petty, but makes me feel good.
Revenge is a dish best served gross.
Made a guy get kicked out of his house
Waste my time trying to help you? Re-imaging it is. (xpost from /r/techsupport)
I'm moving out soon, so he can kiss my ass.
Do not attack my wife
I turn off the living room TV everytime my brother is watching something
I will NOT drink with my left!
Destroy my favourite barbie?
I took my neighbor to court.
Let me take you back to second grade, when the teacher wouldn’t let me use the bathroom.
So That Final Scene....
Enjoy your diet coke!
Beep at me? How about you wait an extra ten seconds.
Petty Birthday Revenge Fun
I NEED revenge ideas! (Please)Need help with some petty revenge on a random caller
Boss expects 200% effort, 100% of the time.
Honking will get you nowhere!
Forget to tell me "I love you! Good night!"?
How i got revenge on a lazy potato head
I need revenge ideas
Is your phone call worth a piece of tuna smothered charcoal?
Karma Finally Catches Up to The Manager
I love you dear, but...
enjoy trying to eat my food? ill make you confused as hell for 15 minutes
the best revenge is when someone else supports it
A Less-Hearted Story
You break my yo-yo; I get creative with a box cutter.
Brother steals my earbuds, immediately regrets it.
Don’t be shy, have some change.
I can knows compooter
I get my last word
Wannna snitch? Alright get your line taken away.
Coworker drinks all my Brita water
Want to watch another episode of Netflix? Enjoy having to manually press play like an animal.
I'm sorry, /r/pettyrevenge, I let you down.
Skip out on your bill? Probably shouldn't leave your phone behind.
Enjoy your loogie.
His roommate put lube in his shampoo
Not asking is the new norm
Neighbors call in fake noise complaints, we make them miserable.
Not sure if this is actually petty revenge, but I believe a post of mine was wrongfully removed on reddit by a petty mod, so I went for petty revenge.
Minor inconvenience returned
My sister ordered me to make her lunch, so I got some petty revenge
Shoe Sliding
I was the recipient of petty revenge and it was hilarious
Petty crosswalk revenge
I don't even drink Diet coke.
Rude manager that would use printer often, I'd disconnect it everyday until almost got caught by Mexican spy in the shadows
Destroy my house, will you? Stupid cat
Don't scam me. Or my mom.
A small but incredibly satisfying petty revenge
Getting revenge on coworkers who leave their dirty dishes in the break room.
Can’t respond to a text? Well neither can we....have fun trying to watch the game tomorrow!
Mess with my tree? Enjoy your viewHomophobic teacher banned hugging for more than 30 seconds in an all-girls school so the entire student body acted like lesbians 24/7
Icepop man go splatsplat
He likes to hear her myself talk
Your lack of hot water problem isn't my problem
Break up with me over text? Kiss a good chunk of your karma goodbye.
The things found on the earth are kept by the collector?? HELL NO!
Dad makes rude guy instal windshield wipers in a storm
My neighbor loses his mind because his trash keeps building up.
Want to annoy me all day? I made one cookie with no chocolate in it, take that!
Tuneful twattishness
Free Refills do not mean free drinks for all...
Not a morning person
My professor always types his lab report assignments in comic sans.  What goes around comes around.
Family Fued: My grandmother's revenge
As petty as it gets
You can wait a little longer for yesterday's mail.
Embarrassed my smug millennial coworkers with their tech illiteracy
well reee
Don’t do your work? Have fun with a 0
A Box Of Revenge
G
Too small for your fat ass
3rd Shift Revenge
I put the aggressive in passive aggressive
Give me less hours, i mess with the business a little.
Attack me in practice? You dont get the ball.
Won’t stop calling me get your phone spammed
Friend stops clingy girl to stop talking to her
Knock knock, housekeeping!
My brother was acting like a jerk before I left to buy us sandwiches from SubWay...
If you're asking for a favor, don't act like a bitch
Superglue.
If u scam me i'll scam u back, and give my aunt a huge birthday gift...
Flat thief gets his comeuppance
Wait a half hour to tell me what you want then get a simple af taco
Caused a hard fender bender, and didn’t even stop, well say for once.
Force me to not do my homework? Well, enjoy spending an extra few seconds every day.
I was a personal Poltergeist for 8 guys for 4 months on board a ship.
your in a drive through not a race track
Walgreens worker has my back after customer shames me for having my period.
That one guy
Not so funny now, huh?
Call CPS on my family? I'll key your 18k test drive.
When the teacher is never prepared for class, you have to get petty.
Caught stealing and never will again
Pretty revenge by malicious compliance
Invade my privacy? Lose a potential tenant.
Revenge from when I was a teen
Rainy day revenge
Bad dorm room door that you won't fix? Ok?
Guy passed me going like 70 in a 45 so I made him wait longer for his food
Revenge is breast served cold...
Roommate Never Bought Toilet Paper
HOA's Rent-A-Cop wants to tow my car? I'll call the real police!
Rush me a day before the deadline? You'll get it as late as possible.
You want your pizza spicy? you get your pizza spicy
Don't beep the horn at me because you tailgated me at a red light.
Bully gets a date with my sister and really gets the dump.
My Shit neighbor thinks she owns the parking lot
I know how to use the radio
Don't fill out your paperwork properly? Enjoy an excess of it.
Don't take out the trash? Enjoy having trash around.
Carhop me? I've got your phone now.
Fine kick me out
Craigslist bully/lowballer left in the cold.
Showing a man in a utility truck that being the biggest vehicle on the road doesn't mean you own it.
I just did what he did
Refuse to help a customer? Have fun loading the truck.
Yell at me for no reason in the field? Enjoy breakfast.
Ex found out our babys name from the local newspaper!
Blocked driveway
My girlfriend says liking anime is retarded.
The floor is not your desk
A Karen was consistently rude to me for no reason, I got it covered.
DM tried to forcefully transfer our store and assistant manager to another store, didn’t expect us all to call HR on them.
The time the teachers pet got revenge.
I emailed a racist Napster troll a map to his home.
Hn
Meta: For All Those Who Don't Know What Revenge Is
Van driver feels my wrath
petty revenge via people of reddit
If you weren't so mean, maybe I would have told you about the toilet paper hanging out of your ass
No you can’t have them back
Make my brother cry? I'll sit on you.
I got your number
Screw with me while I'm trying to do my job? You're on your own
Want to use me to buy you alcohol for a party you don’t want me at? I ain’t getting you shit mate
Harass me about my ex cheating on me with you?, say good bye to your GF
Best Starbucks You’ve Ever Had? You’ll Never Have It Again
Call me petty and I'll show you petty!
Don't drive like an asshole in a parking lot and then piss off a dad...
My roommate eats with his mouth open.
Karma for Impatient Karen
Student blames me for his poor performance, now gets to wake up at 5AM to get to lessons
Think gay people are an abomination? Have fun enjoying your LGBT sandwich.
Don't fuck with the temperature
Baby driver
No tips again today? Ok kool
My dog has a heroic act of petty revenge (for a dog)
Kid does nothing During Math Class, Gets a suprise
Knocking a bike over's never a good idea
"Friend" keeps calling me at all hours of night, waking me up.
Respect the thermostat
Stepdad petty revenge
Had a kid held back a grade
The pettiness is extreme
Fight music with music
I Figure /r/pettyrevenge Might Appreciate These Handy Labels...
Stop school children from playing at lunch? Let's make your idiocy public knowledge.Kiss your resume booster goodbye!
My Ex cares a lot about his Karma on Reddit, I will now downvote everything he posts and comments on.
I Destroyed my bullies physics book.
The many bullies I faced and got revenge on
Some guy shoved his grocery cart into my back for no reason...
Sex, Lies, and Video Games (SFW)
Mother nature rejects your littering!
A revenge on my lazy uncle
14 year old me was pretty petty.
Act like a jerk after doing you a solid? Enjoy the extra flavors...
How I Accidentally Got Revenge On the Evil Tier 2 Rep (X-post from r/talesfromcallcenters)
NO RAGRETS
Feel like being rude? Enjoy your long ride home.
Wanna have some fun 😈
the best story ever
You disrespect my yard, I'll do the same to you.
My brother gets what's coming to him
Principal Tries to Take my Paycheck
This probably won't matter to other people, but it meant a lot to me
Youtube Revenge
Have fun cutting THAT line.
Rude bus driver? No gratitude for you!
Want to play music loud? Okay I’ll play some of my own.
A great prank for the food stealer
Make obscene gestures at me? Hope you have phone insurance.
Beating a prick at their own game
Cheat on me then play the victim? Have fun getting your child support increased!
Scratch my bike and you will pay
I don’t think I’d ever heal if I don’t exert revenge on women who watched me get abused.
DO NOT TOUCH! I did, I touched it.
In love with MY girl?
Cut in front of me while walking? Cop a kick to the heel
Take your time playing online euchre, I have a solution for that.
Taking out my anger, one scrabble tile at a time!
Passive aggressive? I can be too, if I want to!
Don't like waiting in line? Neither do we
My ex would freak if she knew who I’m dating
Stuck in bumper-to-bumper traffic, entitled bitch cuts people off...
Abuse and cheat on me? Thats fine...
Passive-aggressively embarrassed someone in public who said something blatantly racist.
I may be your red-headed step-child, but now I'm smarter than you.
FWB manipulated me for months, and I learned how petty I could be
So, I had this regular when I worked at a coffee shop.
Karma for being a jerk
This is what you get for cheatingLeave your towel on the floor? Goodbye expensive haircare products.
Why not to cut someone off in the company car.
oops in chat for my cousin
Look at me now b**ch
Mole in one!
All the time in the world
Park like an asshole? I'll be sure to let you know.
Girlfriend broke up with me, accused me of rape...
Coins for you today
Mcdonalds Basketball revenge.
Have fun getting out of your apartment.
Girlfriend with bad TV Taste
My neighbour lets their kid blast their music? I'll do the same
Left a helpless group member in a classroom without the project because he refused to help on the project
Complain and insult me after I did you a favor? Enjoy vacuuming cat litter out of your trunk
You want to take my table from me? Well you can have my trash too.
Repeat Offenders
Beep at me again...
Drive like an asshole? Drive under high beam.
Ex toxic friend tries to berate me and calls me a slut for being self positive, so I expose her
I am not a role model.
The cake
Bad park job
A voice of wisdom (or lack-thereof)
Splash water on me? Two can play at that game
Be an asshole father and you lose your daughters
How would you like your coffee? LUKEWARM??
Never piss off the photographer. Never.
He parked so that nobody could use the very limited space that was left. I left a "message"
Neighbors Get What They Deserve
Just wait till I'm hot
Lab partner needs to be put in her place. Suggestions?
/disturbing images warning/
I (16 m) accused my friend (15m) of “exposing” himself in the middle of class
Parking Reveneg
(Long) Karma is a bitch
Mispronounce my rapper name? I’ll embarrass you in class.
Don't Park Like a Jackass
ex boyfriend naked pics and drivers license pic on the internet :)! https://twitter.com/hislgp316
Didn't happen to me. I'm posting a story about cheating and revenge, from 2 years ago.
Cheating older brother leads to double petty revene
Never leave your shopping cart in a parking space
Smack me in the face with your briefcase? Get a creased jacket.
Cheater Karma
A splash of petty revenge
If you can't wait in line you don't get to go in at all.
hope you enjoy that coffee
I shit petty revenge.
throw a water ballon at me? no prob.
A wee bit of revenge
Help me get petty revenge on my roommate please.
I have to take a survey to finish the article?
the ol' sending junk mail to a jerk
Abuse me for years? Sure, i'll ruin your night!
Gym teacher fails bully for messing with kid all year
Vindictiveness and whistles (x-post from /r/adviceanimals)
Threatening sticky note on my car? Two can play the sticky note game.
Petty revenge against the biggest brat I ever met.
Landlord won't give me a disabled parking spot and lease violated me for asking.
Feeding Entitled housemate bugs
Fuck you and your ball
Thanks for stealing from me.
Neighborly feud leads to yard dick statue.
The South Park Virus
Petty breakup revenge..
My asshole sister
Ultimate Comcast Revenge.
Don’t throw cigarette butts out the window or they may be returned
Call me 'not smart'? Keep your cake!
Need help with payback!! Please help
Annoying anti masker in my school gets destroyed in dodgeball
Maybe the customer IS always right...
An update to ex (roommate?) defaming me at work (enjoy your bills!)
Try and keep me off of the internet? No thanks
McDonalds 2-Lane Drive-Thru vs Road Raging Old Man
Parents assault me over my wifi, but get lit up by airsoft guns (xpost from r/entitledparents)
A tale of Squirt Guns and Revenge!
Steal my Halloween candy? Not if I can help it.
I'm sure that I'm not the first to do this, but
I hate litterers.
A deliciously petty revenge.
Need inspiration!
Bitchy classmate constantly cheats then bloats about how much smarter she is than everyone
What are the best ways to get revenge on someone with just their phone number?
If you act like a crotchety old man, expect to be treated like one.
Saving Wikipedia by Pettiness
Good luck trying to open that locked door
Boy Scout Revenge
The pettiest man on earth
Teething brat gets more than he expects
Make me run errands? I'll make sure you pay for them.
Don't litter in front of me...
Try getting THAT out of your carpet
bish dont kill my vibe
Greasy Piano
Skimp me on my Chipotle meat? I'll show you..
Enjoy your greasy cup.
eat my jelly bellys, I'll remember that
Advice needed for a lunch stealer
Wife and I got into an argument last night. So this morning while she’s at work and it’s my day off. I got me and our 2 year old son dressed up in matching flannels and are going out grocery shopping and might snap a few pictures to piss off the wife.
Tenant from hell gets banished. Eventually.
wanna be crabby? Mr PharMate has an accident.
Toothpaste Slob
This conference call blows
This Seat is Taken
Bad service
Pumped Up
Petty Facebook revenge on OAexGF
Give me a huge task to do on my last day at work? Okay, I’ll leave it unfinished.
I don't take stealing lightly..
Small but regular revenge.
Selfish classmates screw their assignment grades.
Petty or should I say "Pissy" revenge on a good friend.
Mom found a good way to tell dinner moochers to get lost.
Need some tips on some petty revenge for spitting in my shoes.
Your biggest mistake was treating me like im as stupid as you.
Messed Up on the First Day
Lockdown for the summer holidays
A man casually blew a giant cloud of cigarette smoke all over the sidewalk just as I was coming up behind him pushing my daughter in the stroller
Enjoy the shittiest form of currency in existence!
Telling the teacher exactly what she really is. (Short)
Block my view of the concert? I take your spot!
You eat my chicken salad sandwich, I eat your strawberries
Free Insurance Quotes for the Attitude
You keep both dryers occupied for an hour after they are done? Deal with my petty revenge.
Don't have a fake persona.
Once I had noisy Neighbors
No lunch for me? No music for you!
Continue to let your backpack bump people on the train? Enjoy a leisurely escalator ride.
Start an exclusionary vegans-only club? I'll start a meat-eaters club!
A Show At The Mall
Brother constantly eats my snacks,so I ate his snack and he was furious.
pro revenge tries get me arrested? Enjoy your own criminal record
Don't clog up the planner
The day of the flying chocolate milk.
How to deal with idiots with fountain pens
Have a nice climb!
Beep the horn at me for going 25 MPH in a 25 MPH small side street and I will go slower.
The art of creating slow hell for a narcissist
Lights! Lights!
Quite distasteful indeed.
Think I don't understand Spanish? Enjoy your decaf coffee!
Getting REVENGE on collge fast food job/
Me: "Why did you rub out all my work?" Entitled Child: "Because I wanted to"
My lesbian friend ruined her ex boyfriend current relationship
Toothpick revenge...
Oh, so you can play music loud? So can I.
You left your lights on...
Girlfriend downloaded spotify
Brothers bully loses two teeth
When I start to lose an argument online, I make my opponent an honory member of my organisation.
Want to play that way, landlord? Okay.
Pregnant woman thinks she's more important than others.
Can’t use the TV? Well fine!
Toxic Overwatch Gamer Gurl gets what she deserves
Condescending coworker gets his
Cut me off mid-sentence? I'll make you look stupid and while making myself look good.
Annoyingly “woke” neighbour gets robbed.
Pro Tip: Do Not Engage Someone who is Bored
We Want The Pool To Ourselves
Let me do your part of a project after you did nothing all week? Youre going to fail and be embarrassed in front of the whole class.
Pizza in lap
Take your own notes or risk embarrassment
Scaring Obnoxious Little Girls!
Pettt revenge at the servo
The 1 hour call that changed my life..
Steal my soda from the fridge? Just wait.
Butthole gives me a smirk so I steal his awards
I see your one middle finger and raise you zero fucks
When my (abusive) mom is being an a-hole, i turn off the wifi.
Friend kept on bugging me, I made him believe his exchange program was cancelled
Turned my entire class against my teacher.
Short story my dad told me about loaning money
Cut in front of me while walking, I'll flat tire you
Not coming to tutor me because you were out drinking AND I wasn't invited? I'll spoil Breaking Bad for you.
The easiest revenge I’ve ever gotten
I peed all over a toilet seat because i knew my
You've had enough pictures taken of you!
Kid in my class got what was coming
Restaurant Revenge
Try to cheat me out of my only golf tournament win? Hell nope.
Tiny driving revenge
My dog has my back
Petty revenge idea. Is this too harsh?
Man almost hits me with his car, so I ban him from adopting a dog.
Lazy manager thinks she can
My brother wants me to fetch the pepper so he dosn‘t habe to walk into the kitchen. Now he has to walk twice.
Sister kept stealing my clothes
Revenge on wannabe metalhead
Call code enforcement on weeds during the rainy season? Enjoy a year-round yard full of weeds.
If you can hit the ball 300 yards I will give you the club...
I got back at my school counselor
Waste my time, i'll waste your time.
ex boss
Oh you like having ALL the pokemon gyms in the area? OK, have fun taking them all back from me and having me fuck up your sightings
My bestfriend betrayed me so...
Happy Bin Day
When a liberal marries a conservative, chaos ensues.
Entitled/Psycho Daughter Revenge
Catty revenge on my landlord.
Thinking of you for the holidays
Automatically take five minutes off my shifts when I submit my timesheet? I'll take an extra five minutes every break.
Talk down to us about our IT skills, enjoy fixing this
Oh so you have birthday candy?
The story of the mail lady who kept trying to shave seconds off of her route
Waste my time? I'll try to scare away your business.
Neighbor petty revenge for crapping on my lawn and the change of mind.
So you find Latin offensive...
Hippie loses her hairbrush halfway across the country
Got revenge on a person who baited me...
Is this your spot?
Want to be a lazy ass and make me do your job? Say goodbye to your monthly bonus
The cruel policy of tearing children away from their parents requires a strong response, and I am recalling the three members of the North Carolina National Guard from the border. -NC Governor Roy Cooper
Steal my beach spot? Enjoy trying to leave.
Is English your second language?
You Get to See What It's Like to Not Have Help, Boss
HOA doesn't like my truck
Kept getting spammed by the ROTC
I'm not passive aggressive, honest. (Smoothie Edition)
I got kids expelled by accident
Trick me into eating deer? Hope you don't mind losing your clothing
Popular girl cheated off the wrong person
Don't be rude to the servers...
i caught my teacher masturbating
"You said it was important to 'Never forget.' So I'm going to make sure you do just that."
Tailgaters beware!
A douche of a man
And that's how you freak out a "thug"
Try and punch me? Goodbye dream job
Red light pizza
DON'T annoy me
Don't mess with the IT Guy
Your shitty behavior really can follow you around.
He just won't listen.
Don't steal my toy!
Double mc revenge
Revenge of coworker remote access spying on my PC
A dirty teabagging
The video is archived
Petty Piano Revenge
Oh yeah? Well, fork you!
Awww, did you lose your bonus?
Obnoxious to the wait staff? Sorry about those chairs.
Wake me up at five in the morning with ninja tricks? Eat boogers.
I'm going to fold them my way.
An old story of mine that I haven't told many people before, I believe it counts as petty revenge but not sure. Also first post ever anywhere. (Sorry for amount of writing)
Annoying a homophobic teacher
When petty revenge backfires...The tale of the pocket bird.
Hell hath no fury like a tomato-less woman
Happened a few months ago
Click your tongue at me? Enjoy looking at my butt for an extra five minutes.
Talk shit about me while I'm changing?
Give me sass for doing my job well? Your drink won't be as cold as it could be!
Revenge Request, Group of friends
Call me lazy behind my back? Enjoy having your night DRAG by.
Roommates petty revenge!!
Too lazy to write a few sentence? GOOD, write me an essay.
Awful manager = petty revenge
I need your help for some simple revenge.
The sweetest revenge on my high school bully.
Sit on top of your minivan in the front row of a drive in movie, so my family can’t see the screen? You deserve car troubles.
"No" means "No" hag
You missed the elevator and were late? Sorry about that.
How does my sandwich taste now asshole?
Hello, I'm Mr Nightmare
Don't intrude on my space
You want to be clean while the dishes stay dirty? Well you'll need to wait a little longer.
Upcoming Revenge
The whiny roommate on her move out date.
Browsing this sub makes me feel stupid of the old me who would do shit like this. If you only knew the freedom of picking gems off the tree of life every time you pass on a petty revenge.
Neighbor keep taking clothes out of laundry mid cycle. I ruin their clothes
The least annoying, but the most petty.
You want your phone number back that he paid for?
Tempted by His Own Desire
A most masterful cock-block.
Try to steal, it'll cost you.
Butter boy
Wanna be rude about my age? Be cold and wet then.
Flash your high beams at me? Get stuck behind the bus!
Delicious revenge on airport parking asshat
Kid copies off my science quiz only to bomb it
Make my ceiling your stomping ground? No electricity for you!
Road Rage Karma or A Cop When You Need One!
Dealing with a roommate that used the computer in the middle of the night
Where is a good place to get revenge ideas or to post about someone who needs the general public to revenge upon him?
Well if hacking isn't a big deal...
Treat my room like crap? How would you feel if I did the same to yours?
Kindhearted to Satanic in 5 Seconds Flat.
heres a DIY petty revenge trick
You dick(en)s steal my friends money? Enjoy cold, rainy, and windy.
I run a service where you can trigger/prank anyone anonymously by mail...
Want to rip me off through Ebay? Have a free (!) gift
Say the F word yelling at me in front of my son? You will receive the art of a backhanded compliment.
Don't do your work, I'll take my break.
Teens Mock Me and My Brother’s English In Italian
Now that's a race!
Anyone revenged anyone who looked down on you and how?
Take $5 of my checks to cover your own costs? Ok, I'll just make sure I get my money's worth.
Man lady stole my lunch so I got her bosses boss mad at her
Finally caught the asshole who parks in my spot
Don't leave your food unattended when your being a jerk
Am I awake?
Petty revenge on a bad landlord
Little brother revenge
Tinkle Face
Get a disabled not want to eat? Get a taste of your own medication (almost quite literally).Don't Eat Your Roommate's Food
New neighbor is a jerk
Revenge but not a revenge I guess??🤷🏼‍♀️🤷🏼🤷🏼‍♂️
Retail worker teaching another retail worker a little lesson
The tale of the taken hat
Some douche stole my Domino’s account/ card info to buy Pizza but forgot to take his name and phone number off. Idiot.
Park so close I have to climb through a back window?
Don't bully us or our wild birds will attack
Good job.
Coworker insults me and my writing style; unknowingly uses my writing at an awards ceremony
Be racist to my friend? Threaten to fail me? How about 100% in the class instead?
Infected many with a disease.
We just want to give you the best possible service. (x-post from /r/TalesFromRetail)
The middle of the watermelon.
My dog's revenge
Don't park there you jerk, we had an agreement.
Be nice to the cashier and support the schools.
I got even and I love it !!!! Better than Karma could do dream of
Oh, You Don't Like My Perfume?
I'm sorry, what did you say?
Cheat of my test and accuse me of cheating ill make sure u fail
Always ask before
Lucy the girl who screwed me over
You steal $80? I eat your chocolate.
Treat your customers badly I make your night worth wile
Harass me and my friend in class? Let's see what the security guard thinks of your vape.
Want to reserve a spot with your motorcycle? Fine, I'll make it take twice the effort.
Shitty sub filled with immature manchilds. Your shit is annoying and you are what is wrong with this entire country.
Should I expose my cheating ex bf?
#CONOSCA EL ULTIMO CANDIDATO PARA SER *EL ANTICRISTO* QUE CIRCULA EN LA ...
Demand I show you everything in the store? I’ll make sure to make it painfully annoying.
Nearly Evicted on Christmas Eve
Ruined guy's life for threatening me
My ex left me for another guy 10 months ago, today we matched on Tinder
Try drowning me in the swimming pool?
Sorry, I’m just an “ambulance driver”.
Snitches get jizzes
Revenge on me
Screw your nap
Reddit classic: "I caught her cheating and got revenge on Valentine's day"
That's a cool jacked up truck, let's see if you can maneuver it as well as you can drive it.Don't touch my drugs, I'm well seasoned in revenge
You are too busy to do your job? I find ways to annoy you.
Petty office revenge.
Request: ideas
Dated an absolutely lunatic of a girl for my 4 years of college, just for her to go fuck someone else while living together. Read for more
Who is next in line?
Sometimes older siblings can light the way
My STBMIL is a teacher, and boy do I want to teacher a thing or two about respect -.-
My niece's teacher rickrolled his zoom class
Ruin my art; eat my shart.
Take my seat one more time...
Interrupt me? Sorry we're booked full
Ride my ass? Get pulled over
You should really have googled that
I do the absolute pettiest thing to my old boss every time I go back to the area I grew up in
Grand Theft Auto.
Lead me on for 9 months? Two can play at that game.
Annoying facebook friend: "Vote for my baby!!!"
The Neighbors stay parking in my side yard so I parked in their front yard.
subtle revenge
What happens when occasional office mates can't tidy up after themselves? They get to deal with a minor but everlasting irritation.
Road rage, sometimes it does end well.
break-up with my sister on facebook and then try to watch stuff on my netflix...oh wait arrested development is...oh can't watch. Sucker.
In case you weren't aware, you can't merge your car into a lane when there's already another car there...
bossy roommate finally gives in due to pettiness
Correcting my mid term.
The man who wanted complete silence in the metro
Here's the supplies you need!
Screw me over then ask for a favor? Think again...
Neighbor got a taste of her own medicine but drug my daughter into her tantrum
spicy sauce
Arrogant coworker who does no wrong
St patty’s Meal
Keep me up during finals? Good luck rebuilding your GPA
Petty payback for stolen PS4
Behave rudely and leave my sock on the floor will you?
Be asshole neighbours for years, enjoy some flowery insults.
Mild, yet satisfying.
Mess with my mom? Game on
Take that Ocb! You eat the fee!
Ignore your chores? Enjoy not having internet
Rip me off for my hard work? Enjoy cleaning your pool out!
PE sub makes me and my friend have a detention petty revenge activate
Stupid dogs...
Ex had me write all his essays. Wrote one that almost made him fail the class.
I pranked a roommate who kept eating my food by putting toothpaste in my Oreos.
How I got petty revenge on my youth minister!
My pettiness over a winter parking battle continues
Not paying attention when you drive? I'll get your attention.
Make passwords great again!
Rip us off nearly $1,000? Enjoy the endless sausage buffet
Be an ass? You can have detention.
Petty Revenge By Winona Ryder
Piss me off, say goodbye to your pennies!
Stop taking your non-successful relationship with your SO out on others
The pettiest of petty revenge
IRS
The Ongoing Battle: Man vs Tail
Dont mess with my exam
So you think I don't have a real job?
outdoor sports class with a jerk
Communal laundry
You're Gonna Break My Jaw? Nahhhhh, I'm Just Gonna Break Your Balls Like They've Never Been Broken Before
Sharing is caring
Don't let me watch you pee? I'll knock down your plate of bacon!
Major Asshole was up to his usual antics again...so I struck back...again...
Petty on Brother being an assbag
Waste my time, I'll waste yours.
Claim you know more about Pokemon than me? Enjoy your boring vacation.
Punkd
The old man can't even hear! So hopefully he *SEES* my point.
No patience for first gear? F off.
Should’ve paid more attention to the road
Country Club Tales: Hows That Dip? (X-Post from /r/TalesFromRetail
Act like a lazy idiot. Prepare to get thrown under the buss (not literalt)
"Happy Christmas"
8 Year "Friendship" Ended After I Called Him Gay.
Temper Tantrums Don't work well with me (post from r/talesfromretail)
Don't fuck with the valets
Yell at my co-worker for making a small mistake, when we just saved your ass?
Loud revenge. What a sweetness.
I blocked a narrow one way street
Impatient lady messed with my laundry.
Asshole Teacher accused me of cheating? sure ill leave more work for you
Passive-aggressively called out a racist remark and embarrassed the person who said it in public.
Top phd services in india
Getting my friends fired and leaving them homeless
Try using my nationality as an insult? get bullied until you leave the chat
Refuse to let me stop doing what I hate at work, enjoy being called over every 5 seconds
Pedestrian revenge
Feel like almost ramming me with your car ? Well enjoy my exhaust .
The Meme Plan
Cheat me outta prize money? I'll trick you into employing me.
My Laundry card
I pissed in his kitchen sink
Woman at the car wash
I recycle my petty revenge
Threaten to kill my mom and hack me over psn. I’ll spoil all of god of war for you
Disobeying rules because you're in a rush? Time for a lesson in patience
Don’t drive like an asshat
Revenge against a high school bully
RAPE VICTIM GETS HER REVENGE..
I embarrassed my verbally abusive third grade teacher on the last day of class
Make fun of my project? Have fun with my dad shutting you down.
I sent one of those spring loaded glitter "bombs" to someone I find entirely distasteful (xpost from /r/confessions)
Concerts bring out the worst in people
Retail Lady Gets Hers
Third floor walkup
Petty Revenge over football backfires on friend, backfires again more seriously on target of petty revenge who tried to get revenge for petty revenge.
Swear about me when you think I can't hear? Enjoy waiting for me to REALLY wash up.
Made her feel bad for trying to laugh at the wrong time
Bit of a self improvement petty revenge
I see it more as punushment than revenge but here you go
Don't start throwing punches on the third turn in Talisman, I WILL mess you up.
Have fun starting over cheater! Gaming revenge
Guy likes to use my email address for his junk mail.
Took my phone just because I slept his room.
Nathan for you
woman stops car in the middle of the road,causing a traffic jam,gets rearview mirror ripped off
Only nice people deserve potato salad
social media addict
Annoying tree 'expert' neighbour
Target at Christmastime
Be a bitch? Say goodbye to any down time you had.
Roommate who steals my food revenge.
Exposed my former boss
How to stop bullying with a jack-o-lantern
Keep harrassing my friend on discord? I'll bring your server down!
Bird attacked cat, cat attacked back
Reckless driver defeated
Speed Down the Frontage Road by MY Work to Try and Skip Traffic? I'll Make You Pay
Revenge on my cat
Refuse to buy toiletries? Have fun wiping you ass
An obnoxious amount of coffee for an obnoxious coworker
Got revenge on a teacher
That's all.
Use all my toilet paper?
Why you shouldn't try to screw over the wedding photographer
Act like a bitch, and then try to let your friends cut in line? Enjoy being sent to the back of it.
Even Karma can be petty
Bathroom Etiquette
Baseball Revenge
Yield to emergency vehicles. Or not.
Mother Nature plays the Uno Reverse Card
Propose to me and tell me your away so much working to build us a house, and get married behind my back to a girl you knew for 2 weeks? Let’s see how this plays out
Ex-girlfriend cost me everything, so I use art to make her question everything about herself.
Jerk customers don't get smiles
Enjoy that hangover, lobster thief!
Dirty flat mates REVENGE
Be an asshole when when I ask if you need help? No help for you.
Jacket
"Stop drinking my milk bro!"
Don't be rude to me, brat.
Block my MAC address? I block every single one of yours.
(grad school quant class) That point where threatening to throw you under the bus and kick you out of the group 2 days before the day of the presentation is an empty threat and actually saved me some headache
Constantly keep my kids up blasting your crappy music? Let me turn it off for you then!
Stop chasing me
The only time I wanted a baby to keep crying on an airplane
Slipping and sliding
I'll take that in $1.00 bill, thanks.
When it comes to karma, nature is king
Tattle Teller
how I got revenge as a wrestlerOh, want to be a brat? Well, get called out and pay $5.
Enjoy your throttled Wifi, Dickhead.
Can God cock-block you? Did he block me?
This subreddit is turning to /r/justiceporn.
My post was removed without being given a reason. Maybe the Mods would like to chime in?
Pettiness escalation in morning traffic
Destroy my snowmen? 4 year old me thinks the fuck not!
Falsely Report me to code enforcement. Then say bye to your or your dad’s boat
I hope it burns
IT nerd owns bully brother (crosspost from /r/prorevenge)
Vehicle parked in front of my house... got rid of it
One bright spot in my commute.
Need good revenge
Use a lock next time
Elbow me for no reason? Enjoy your ruined evening and dry-cleaning bill.
I wasn't taking any more shit that day
Leave your shopping cart on my lawn? I'll use your lawn as my personal garbage dump.
Scream at me because you came in for an appointment that didnt exist? Congrats your account has been red flagged and you can no longer book at our salon!
A Golden Revenge
A tad too hot for ya.
Tailgating?
Racing an elevator...
Group project teammate who doesn’t do any work gets owned.
Park in the handicapped spot without a tag? It'll earn you one.
Drive like an asshole and almost hit me? I'll make you mildly uncomfortable at the next stoplight.
Christmas card revenge.
Don't want to pay me what was promised in your ad? Have fun getting robbed of all your money!
Petty revenge of a petty campground
This is how a Soldier of Nod handles things.
Revenge To A Nosy, Gossiping Aunt
Bloody Manager and Customer!
Annoying brother says something "smart", and it backfires.
She got triggered by my bare feet and almost killed her baby
Warn me not to speed? Okay...
Older brother used to bully me, so I shit on his toothbrush.
Don’t pick on the intern living in your attic
You can't just put shit in my water like that.
I Threw My Father's Hurtful Words Back At Him And My Brother
Asshole to workers?
She Doesn't Have a Clue.
I have over 300 confirmed revenge plots.
Having loud obnoxious sex? ENJOY THE FULL VOLUME TAYLOR SWIFT TIL YOU'RE DONE!
Your call is too important to interrupt while ordering at Chipotle? Then I probably shouldn't interrupt you for anything else, either.
Not mine, but a pretty good revenge story.
uber driver gets paid for being a douchebag
Roommate is a cold bitch. All passive-aggressive ideas and cruel mind games are welcomed.
Enjoy the porn (kind of long)
A Game of Ads. Make me unemployed and you'll regret it
How I dealt with loud teenagers in a theater
I suck at night driving, back off!
Kid Ruins My Bag, I Ruin His Day
Rude costumer gets what she deserves (TL;DR at bottom)
Keep me from concentrating, I'll keep you in a panic
Greedy husband - meet newly greedy wife!
Rude woman doesn't allow an ill lady to sit in the train... regrets it just moments later
Your window needs washing
Freeloader didn't do any work, got revenge after a long time (repost from my older post in prorevenge, someone didn't think it belonged there and so did I)
Now your girlfriend can't get into the car, take that!
Secret revelation of a scorned smoker.
Friend ditches us for a douchebag, so we take her stuff (LONG STORY)
Marketing Firm "doesn't need" a full time Web Developer
Cut me off and honk at me in a Chick-Fil-A drive thru? Take my food!
You should check the trashcan before throwing stuff out.
Karma got a helping hand
Fire me at Christmas without a word to my face... that's cool I'll just quit without a word to you
Brother gets some sweet petty revenge
Story of How My Tutor Lost His Job
Lie about me? No candy for you.
Beware what you may have left behind.Laundry room revenge. I hope her panties shrank.
Making noise in the movie theatre? Enjoy my petty revenge!
Its nice to hold doors for others
food theft get wasabi bomb
Mutual English Teacher/Student Revenge
Got back at a guy who called me a whore..
Enjoy not playing your games today
Get mad at me for following state law? Feel the burn.
Think you'll wake me up early? GUESS AGAIN
Try to kick us? Instant karma
My brother is too lazy after work to cycle 1 kilometer
Cleaning Captain no more, he dons the title of Contamination Commander.
Hope You're Dreaming of World Cup
People who accused me of stirring got robbed and I rubbed it in their faces
You didn't even attempt to stop? Cool, now you can't drive properly
"I wouldn't want to ruin your diet." (long)
Enjoy your "Coke-Zero" mam!
Joke on the Wadder
Enjoy your teen idol's creased face, little bitches
Want to be inconsiderate? Hope you like showering in Glade.
Nuisance Nun
Vulcan reverse uno the US government
I kept a rechargeable battery my brother threw at me and forgot about so now he can't play Xbox
Minecraft style revenge
You kick my chair, I'll kick yours.
Don't want a FREE rewards card? I will assume you don't want to save money.
Got back at bitches
Little brother interupts my reading with excessive yelling. I make him sit through commercials.
Demand I take your order? Enjoy waiting longer while I walk super slow.
Help Me Troll a Nigerian Scammer
Boyfriend thinks he can get away with some mischief. (Possibly nsfw)
Covered my neighbours friend in diesel soot for peeing on my van
Don't Call Me Sweetheart
Don't misspell my name!
What a long and petty strange trip its been...
Won't turn your music down? Fine..
This is revenge being done on me. Hope its ok to post here.
Eating all my food out of the communal fridge? Here help yourself to some fecal brownies.
Don't like how long I took to put things up? How about I take it down for free?
Don't buy supplies I need, get called out in front of company owner...
Just get in and scan your card. It's not that hard.
Berate me about my disability? Have fun buying fuel on the other side of town.
Revenge on a gaming boyfriend
Mod removed my photo so I reported every post in the last 24hrs that didn't meet their self imposed rules.
Orange juice revenge
Told everyone private information about me? Have fun un-telling them. All of them.
Apartment touring revenge
A Widely Spoken Language
Take your summer course too seriously? Fine. That doesn't mean I must, or shall.
stupid parents having kids
My telemarketing game (X Post from r/ProRevenge by request)
Still wanna race?
More parking lot petty revenge
You bully me. You get the Box!
I worked with a Kyle in an AV project- we replaced him in the end
Petty, but totally worth it
Keep parking in front of my house? Hope you didn't need that mirror!
Finders keepers asshole!
Idiot Kid Endangers Students, Gets Several Broken Bones (Reposted from r/ProRevenge)
Driving like an asshole? GET BURRITO-ED!!!!!
Gonna rat me out? Enjoy having your calendar ruined.
So I got in shit for paying the bills on time...
Coworker thinks greasy window prank is funny, until it happens to him...
Don't put my laundry on the ground
Learn this simple trick to get someone pulled over.
Neighbor likes to make lots of noise at 3am. Paid him back at 8am.
dumb neighbor revenge
Want to party until 11 pm when we have to get up early? OK.
Waste my time? I'll waste your time.
Get off my account
Very Simple Petty Revenge
I lied about somebody being a racist, and humiliated him.
I live with pot smokers!
Messing with my big Brother
Why are you so surprised if I am rude when you were first?
Revenge on sister who takes my headphones to school
Didn’t have change for a 50 dollar bill
My sister wanted to make me get the gate, well, okay, but for myself
Naked roommate
You beat me, I beat you
I will use your forgetfulness against you.
Order to go and decide to eat in? Fine. You get to go service
A Little Off-Key
No If’s and’s or Butt’s
X-wife tries to scam hacker
No, I didn't steal this mug.
You Damage My Bike I Total Yours
Enjoy your drive, asshole.
The Worst Instagram Hacker
Fire!Some 15 year old at my work stole my vape so I mixed some vinegar into the juice.
Tech Giant acts childish so I got petty
Took advantage of coworkers social insecurities
From my sister this morning
Don't mistake me trying to be helpful as me trying to be rude
Being an asshole isn't funny.
Enjoy your second-rate pillow.
Why I love 9 year old me...
P.S. Come at Me
Call me a useless bum? Have fun paying extra
classmate ruined friend's book, so we came up with a plan
Using speaker phone in the toilet in public
What's better than watching a jerk in traffic blow by you and get pulled over by the hidden cop up ahead?
First day, training on the register
Send me unsolicited pictures? Enjoy explaining that to your girlfriend
How 10 minutes resulted in a $1,000 loss...
Don't Know Where Your Trash Goes?
Guess who is missing the superbowl!?
Make me stub my toe? I turn off your power!
Short one about a pizza delivery I did back in my college days
Road rage karma.
Want to send your favorite FCC Chairman a present?
My stolen pen
Enjoy your sandpaper toilet paper
Just try using it!
I Destroyed My Ex's Relationship And I Honestly Don't Regret It
Be a tool? Have some veggies AssholeDick at Dunkin Doughnuts
Savage Prank Revenge...
you don't live here....
Sit down without asking? OK.
This is why you shouldn't ignore your employees.
Annoy everyone with swords ? TIME TO-D-D-D-DUEL !
Be an asshole to me? I'll be one, too
Complete Stranger Helps Me Get Petty Revenge
Petty revenge on obscene phone call
Annoy Me in Class? Have Fun Explaining Your Project to the Teacher!
Passed those mf's real quick...
What should I do about this douche?
She called me a bitch! In my own home, no less!
No ice cream for you.
Try to scam my sick friend?
Big group of Chinese tourists try to pass the line for the Eiffel Tower. It doesn't work
Reserved street parking? I think not.
Pointless Overtake
Get off my Netflix.
You want me to get a doctors note for a common cold? Fine, enjoy scheduling your weekend.
Ex-boyfriend threw a fit and ignored me- until he was forced to talk.
Not pay your half of the bills? I'll just move out.
More Lazy programmer gets a taste of my own medicine.
My revenge story with 0 effort (Short)
April fools
Treat me like my boss' secretary? Let's see how that goes for you.
my ex friend groped my girlfriend, so i made sure she didn’t get elected
Puppy Power
Lunch thief.
Today, I gave a preteen prank caller a good post-Halloween scare.
Women cheats on husband, and later is cut off by family
Staple. Staple. Argh..
Scammer beaten in his own game
Take up two spaces in the student lot? Have fun getting back into your car
She didn't log out my phone. Lol
Charge Me To Cancel? Okay, I'll Reschedule For Free And Then Cancel.
Bad neighbors advice.
The sibling revenge we all dream about: toothpaste stealer edition.
Sub-Compact vs fancy car...
Bully my friends? Enjoy your Tik Tok
Act trashy, get trashed.
Pull my chair and get humiliated, taste your own medicine
Oh I'll make sure you don't go to bed angry.
Some Lady at High-Heaven
Don't care about my delivery, have fun getting your work life screwed
Kid posted a homophobic Tik Tok so I ruined his life
Revenge on my insensitive brother.
You cut me off and then get angry at ME?
I had to child proof my kitchen cupboards
Niegbors cut branches off trees, we plant more
I’m so jaded apparently this is petty revenge.
Petty revenge on entitled parent for taking my pool chair
Unfriendly and condescending to me? Yeah, I'll fill out your survey.
Reach over the counter? I'll enjoy the pen you forgot
Looking for a petty defensive, sticky, smelly food item...
He cried. A lot.
"reseller" took credit for all of my custom build and rebranded them. They asked me write an instruction guide. I wrote a nice one and shipped it with each unit. Then the complaints started....
Mugshot
The they I decided that I finally had enough of my mailman delivering my mail to my neighbours
Take that, Mom!
I lead a neighborhood revolution
Office assholery
I'll do what I want with my screenshots.
And that's how you raise a 'Nice Guy'
Wanna be a bitch to me? I can make this harder than it needs to be.
So This Happened
Karma comes in audible packages too!
Today I finally got got revenge against my awful ex roommate Such petty ... much needed
This is why you don't have a house key
Your opinions on novels
Don't call me cheap.
Throwing your hated DM under the buss.... priceless
"Living well is the best revenge." Law school story inside . . .
Please be quiet while on the quiet carriage.
Make a big fuss over nothing? Feel my revenge!
Get sneaky with the bottle deposits? Our shared crap belongs to me.
Your penis jokes are basically saying you have a small penis
Some guy in like the 1800s or something
Make take a little walk.
Gave an Old Boss the Short Stop
This was the best unexpected revenge I have ever pulled.
Bully and discriminate against me for having ADHD? Enjoy failing Economics and having to attend summer school after graduation.
My writing is too small for you? Ok then
Police officer? Huh? Alright.
Gymnastics coach hated me.
Girl lead me on for 8 months, got kinda salty when I saw her with another dude
Chew me out for being off by $7? Have fun with the extra work
I stole my brother's birthday.
"I SAID there's never enough MUSTARD."
My quasi-psychopath friend, his p-r-r-r-recious ring, and the epic journey of frustration
Make my laundry gross? Enjoy smelly clothes!
Won't return my money, say goodbye to your fuel pipe
Yell at us for no reason and tell us to get out, why yes then we will enjoy our mini vacation
Apartment karma's a bitch, bitch!
Be Annoying in the Office? Goodluck with your Computer
Shitty coworker was slacking so I left them with the rest of the work
Some gta payback.
Taking a stand against my brother's anus
Give me attitude, you'll give me by best sale too
Make fun of me, it's fine, I'll just use your expensive shower products
FREE CATFISH
Guy bullies me in summer camp (me 10 y/o); gets fucked up so hard.
The parking spot punishment
I didn't keep her name out of my mouth
he was convinced he was gonna get laid...
Don't sit at the end of the rows.
Doritos
Oh, I remember the name! It's you!
Argue with me about a topic you yourself said you didnt know much of? I'll be petty in how i prove you wrong
You snooze you lose
Old Woman Thinks Sidewalk Is Her Property
Parked over the line so I can't get in my car
The Internet never forgets
Setting my trash talking MiL in place..
You complained about my dog howling? I'll let them know your kids are a mess
Park in the path? I’m still going past.
Don't fuck with me lil sister I know how to play the game
The Cat Won
Harass me while I'm waiting for the train? Enjoy getting escorted out in cuffs.
Harrass me and my friends? I’ll put cockroaches in your room
Tuna socks
Mildly embarrassed school “bully”
SIT. DOWN.
Enjoy your reading.
(Dis)Honest Pay for (Dis)Honest Work
I Just Love The Smell of Wood Stain in the Morning.
Eat your daughter's ice cream? Shame on you.
At wendys today.. my first attempt at being petty IRL
The Equalizer of the Car Wash
Don't let your kids run wild in the hallway.
Steal my work? Screw me over? I'll grant you that F.
Having trouble with inconvenient noises?
5 year old Honda SUVs do not get 2 parking spaces
Old man get revenge on Entitled Woman that cursed at him
"Auntie" acts her way get the f**k out
Small revenge for me at work.
Hit and run, oh no you don't
Can't bother to say thank you?
Hope you enjoy that milk!
Completely ruined tailgater's day.
Steal my phone? Okay. Let me get that back from you.
FORTNITE LIVE|Try to win a match....
Fuck with my internet and falsely advertise your apartment? I'll get you back passive aggressively.
Any stories about getting revenge on cheating partner??
Let's All Go To The Lobby.
Roommate's ex should have paid rent
IRS Scam Agent
I’ll teach you to call me fat...
Jerk waiter embarrasses me in front of a date, is forced to eat crow.
It has always tasted like victory.
Yes, as a matter of fact, I can go slower
Bad Service at Denny's...Free Food!
Rude Niece gets what she deserved
I stood up to the biggest bully in my shcool
Completely Useless Petty Revenge
Don't be an asshole to cabbies
Hello there Mr. Coffee Cup
I'm sorry, did you actually WANT that food?
Girl at my college finds out people don't love snotty attitudes past high school
Roomate steals my cooking utensils, ends up dead!
No free food for you
Follow one outdated rule? I'll follow them all!
Presentation Revenge
Roommates use my sriracha so I use theirsI'm not a petty man, but sometimes I can be convinced.
The doors never close that fast....
Liars get what they deserve
Sweet grocery store revenge
Petty revenge freaks out my mom.
Ex girlfriend trying to trash talk me and block me everywhere? Fine, let's play her game by her rules by my logical standards.
Eat Spit
You wanna fight with my cat? Have some water!
Don't allow me to clean up? Enjoy having no Saltines.
Don’t understand consent? Let me help you out. P.S. Happy Birthday. (TW)
A Mother's Revenge is Best Served in Lasagna
Should I delete this pic my boyfriend posted?
Revenge against my monster of a step-mother.
AeroSports Revenge
Spam calls
Best idea for pretty revenge
Don't appreciate my lowkey Cosplays? Have fun with my HIGH-KEY pettiness!
When I was 13yo I peed on my classmate's floor and wiped it with her huge teddy bear.
Neighbors won't wear masks - they get coughed on.
My dad gave my cats food they weren't supposed to eat. I locked the container for itCrazy girl’s bully behavior put on blast
I’m pretty sure I got my neighbor evicted?
You want me to cook? Fine, I’ll cook.
Revenge on Middle School Bitches
You took your hatred of my father out on me. You can die alone, and forgotten.
Guy knew he parked like an ass and did nothing about it.
Teacher want to try to fail me on an assignment for no good reason and give me an extra assignment to make that up? okay.
Two chairs are better than one.
Let me introduce you to the manure dumpster
Upstairs neighbor did not see this one coming
Throw my wet clothes out of the dryer? Alright, you can have wet clothes too.
being petty with an internet scammer. I have his phone number(s), I need ideas!
Drive like an asshole, get treated like an asshole.
Take care, my fellow petty road warrior!
Man tries to add himself as an authorized user to my AT&amp;T account
I didn't just embarrass you this time
Coitus Delayus
If you’re right, then put the right answer
Shaming people who push in a queue
Running into my bitchy former manager.
Girl Didn't Give Me Takis So I didn't give her the answers
"...to end up like THIS?"
Taught my BF a lesson
The croissant incident
Evil Landlord Revenge
Buy you a drink, never!
My friend stole a couple of dollars from me.
He should of checked his privilege, before running gobshite to another person. Deserved.
Shopping cart justice (x-post from r/TalesFromRetail
SAVE THE JELLY BABIES!!!!!!
Don't Tape My Back
The Dead Rock The Vote.
One of my coworkers is consistently rude and unhelpful to everyone...
Oh you want to have a nice nap on the plane? yeah good luck with that.
You want an unpaid photographer, you got one.
Friend, turned roommate, turned bitch.
Park on our property the night before trash day? Alright. I'll just place my trash around your car.
Want me to go right on red? It's ok, just hit me.
New Phone
Shhhccchhhhhhrrrtttt! Disrespect the whole class? We 'll see about that.
Middle school band drama
Reprogrammed All the Preset's in Mom's Car to a Channel that she Hated
A slice of (petty) revenge
I'm finally speaking out, and taking revenge, about my horrible time in the Girl Scouts, and I need your help
Burning eyedrops
Piss Towel
I super-glued his junk!
Tell me i'm not my ex's top priority? I remind you that's why i dumped you :)
Back up or I will
Don't attack me like a coward
Don't mess with an engineering student
Guy Bullies Me in High School, I Fuck His Mom.
You'll do it? Okay then.
No free tech support for the pastor
Mother doesn't care about me, so i don't answer her calls and texts
In-game revenge against EA.
Hang em High
Abuse me and my dog? Sounds like a job for Petty Revenge!
Palm Trees are the devil -- my neighbour learns this first hand.
Don’t be a dick and stupid
You're going to expose me as being a pronunciator? I'll exposed you bare-assed nude.
Hot headed hot head.
Lumber store revenge on picky pickers
Speed in a construction zone? Here's your ticket
My roommate is an asshole. So I limit his wifi to dialup speeds.
You Can't Go Into School Without Lip Chap!
Rude roommates get rude awakening
truck stop pettiness
Petty roommates deserve petty treatment
Be a corporate scumbag and liar huh?
Ah so you don't like me stepping up to lead the group when no one else would? K.
Bodyslam my cousin? Get sprayed down with 1200 BB’s
Gawp at an accident will you? Feel my passive aggressive wrath.
Honk at me? Enjoy being late to class dude.
Just be nice to people
My petty revenge and less petty revenge on a rude guy in Vegas
Conference room pettiness
Revenge for an ex-roommate
Cheat with my girlfriend? You can't rent this movie
Easy revenge on neighbor
When someone tells me to shut up...
Just a Love Story
Wasted my time interviewing for a job that was a scam. Now I'm wasting their time. Meet the worst resume of all time, complete with White Pride hate group membership.
The ultimate Christmas burn in the form of charity
Asshole Ripped Me Off - Took money from me when I wasn't looking
Enlightened reading
Feeling entitled at the gym? Enjoy 15 more minutes of waiting for the machine
Don't Sit Next to Me
Chivalry is not dead
Not touching your power cord.
She took the revenge on herself.
# USTED SABE QUE ES GEOINGENIERIA ? VEA ESTE VIDEO PARA QUE QUE CONOSCA...
Jerk customers at chocolate shop
The most subtle but satisfying revenge I’ve had on my annoying brother.
If you don't like sous vide then I wont tell you it is sous vide.
Glaring at pretentious gym bros
Illegally cut students' skirts because they're not according to your size? Well, enjoy unemployment
Teamwork Petty Revenge
Go through our stuff while we're out... Enjoy the bill you get.
Petty Revenge in Iraq, Pizza Hut style!
No manners for me? No manners for you
Inadvertent Petty Revenge Against a Frat Brother
I hid chicken in my brothers closet.
Need some ideas: Anti-LGBT neighbor
Cut me off on the way to the coffee shop?
Beep you back…
I made gave someone public diarrhea
Cheapskate Landlord ends up paying.
you call me trash,ill whoop your ass
speeding driver
Hassle me while I'm packing up?
Can you help me? I feel like I need to do something on my sister's behalf, but I don't know what.
The Shampoo Revenge
So I'm finally good enough to help you?
How a meth-head nearly screwed up my new-years.
Poodle teacup
I try to do the right thing - I really do.
Right back at ya buckaroo
AKA Toe Jam
Your daughter dated my best friend, broke off badly, so you don't tip me on a 60+ dollar bill? Okay...
Called me dumb? We're in the same class now.
Not petty, but industrial strength revenge. Do not fuck with men with nailguns and plywood.
Hire me to watch your 8 Pomeranians, hedgehog, and hamster for 23 days, then move to a different state and avoid paying me? Enjoy your eviction &amp; paying double what you owed me in fees to your leasing office
Friend leaves me to see band alone at festival
I was asked to host on my day off.
Don't be a tool at my Maccas
Wake me up at 4am? Enjoy your breakfast.
Shame an entire class for their "mindless" writing errors? Nosh on a little shame yourself, professor
An old lady let her dog shit in my yard. I gave it back to her.
Guy leaves share house without cleaning up his stuff. Finds a nasty surprise.
Serial online dater used me
I'll take "Don't be Rude" for $12
That showed them
My old friend and the science project.
Summer Roomie Revenge
Can't be resonable and yell at me in another language? I'll get you kicked out.
Choose cigarettes over your own daughter? Fine with me!
My ex hates hair metal
Okay, here is your doctor's note
Humiliated a dude for being a cunt to me and my friends in first grade
Rude Customer Gets an 'Earful'
"You're so rude, just, SO rude"
To the man in the car across the street- I saw everything.
Going back on your word? That'll cost ya.
Lenny does not approve
That woke him up.
Dont mess with mac
I smacked my bully in the face with a tennis racquet
Fish story
Steal my code? Enjoy a (mostly)blank HTML
Try to bypass the lineup for road construction. Get cut-off and harassed as long as I can.
Take that stepmom.
Petty Revenge - Thanksgiving Edition
Playing it dumb to out fool the fool
One kid was playing Among Us on 2 devices in the same lobby, so me and my friend flipped it back to them
You hear the stories, now be a part of one...
Forced a lady to back up 5 car lengths in the parking lot
Tailgate me? Have fun changing your flat tire out in the boonies.
Jab me with luggage trolly... I'll show you! (warning horrible writing)
Keep harassing me after I ask you to stop? Enjoy therapy!
Left your food out for the hundredth time? Hope you like cat saliva!
You want an open relationship? Sure!
Give Me my Money Back, Perogie Boy.
Imaginary driving hazard
An 8-hour Drive Wasn't Petty Enough
Reach across the counter and smack me? I will smite you.
Co-Worker pushes shift manager down but the GM doesn't fire him. Shift manager gets revenge.
Don't want to listen to my house rules? Enjoy eating pizza that has been in my dog's mouth.
Moocher gets a serving of his own creation
Neurotic Neurologist.
The tale of the petty winter coat
Ruin my Bike? Well Have Fun Riding in Mud
Customer was rude to bouncer and another bouncer gets glorious revenge.
Oh sir, this transaction can take as long as you need. I'm paid by the hour.
Good luck spreading the word with all the noise.
Skip the ticket barrier? Enjoy literally all of my loose change.
Wake me up, will you?
Don't want to do any group work for an assignment? Enjoy the fail
Any ideas for getting back at loud, upstairs neighbors?
Refuse a request for a day off? Enjoy this minor inconvenience.
Rogue builder overcharges me then ghosts me. I use my SEO skills to rank my website for his company name in Google and publish evidence proving he lied.
Don't fire Gambit's girlfriend.
Next time, just don’t be a twat.
Try to steal my takis? Have fun eating saliva.
Don't throw your rubbish on my verge.
I used to have awful neighbors in my apartment building who screamed constantly. Sometimes at 3-4am. They were the reason the people here before us left. So when they screamed I would connect my phone to Bluetooth and blast “STFU” by filthy frank as loud as I could.
You don't give me a discount. Prepare to feel the heat.
Lady with anger issues has to do extra work because she got mad at me
Feeding a greedy jerk
Battle of the Bus Parking Spot
If you rush me, I will slow down.
Guy gets weird with my female co-worker, gets refused free beer
You won't take my receipt? I'll take more money then.
If you steal, you pay for it
I shit on my asshole neighbor’s driveway
Barista Revenge
Cleaning revenge
So you think it's ok to cut in line for a kid's ride?
Most hated employee takes two lunch breaks
Don't burn the bridges you haven't crossed
Made things awkward for a buyer's remorse customer who insisted the item doesn't work.
Married People, Single Sex
High beams directly behind me? I hope you're not in a hurry.
That will teach them
Revenge of The Little Bitch
You bully me, I turn your game into Barney.
That'll teach you to park like an asshole.
Peer uni student gives me a scathing criticism based on nothing
Legal Revenge for house repossession
Kid attempts to steal my reward, gets scolded by teacher
Fire me? I'm taking my plaque, it's got my name on it
My friend cancelled a flight i purchased for her and did so without telling me, i find out via e-mail from Southwest.
Respect your employees.
Tell me I'm cutting your fabric wrong? I'll cut it exactly how you want it
Messing with the wifi
I sure hope you're comfortable in your stolen seat.
If you're going to drive like a dickhead, don't have your mobile number plastered all over your vehicle.
My sister's been being a bitch lately
You get the price you asked for.
Friends burned down my building I made them lose two days of their life
HA-HA! TAKE THAT, MOM! I WIN!
Bridezilla wants my email address. Bridezilla does not get it.
I left some open cans of wet tuna cat food under the seats of my bf’s Chevy Silverado
Don't Cheat (Referring to School)
You let people cut in front of me, I'll fuck with your shampoo bottles.
Petty revenge on my thieving college roommate
clapping customer
Slut I hate
rude history teacher gets a pay back
Entitled Person with dog decides to go on my friends lawn? I go and scare the shnapples out of her just a bit.
If you were nice to me the monkeys wouldn’t have stolen your food
Been having a lot of friction between myself and my partner at work.
Revenge on grade school Bully 15 years later
Have me drive you way out of town for a party? Enjoy my impromptu artwork.
Make me leave late? Okay we'll both leave late.
Half of the posts here are not petty.
I'm sorry that you hate the way I dress why don't I just keep doing that mom
Bro wore my clothes and shoes and refused to wash them, so I made him go to boarding school with one pair of underwear.
Karma will get you. Every time.
The dinosaur Debacle
Co-worker tattle tailing at work, I left her out of my going away celebration
Road Rage payback
Parking chairs
To be Able to Exact Petty Revenge is abPrivelege, Indeed.
Nearly take my sister's life because you think it's funny? Have fun plucking the worms out of your only prized possession.
I made out with her bf
Traffic cone revenge!
Simple, yet effective.
How to silence a noisy neighbour
Lady shoots our dog, loses in court
My dad lost money because he was selfish
That's not how you enter the train
Don't do repairs or pay workers? Have fun trying to rent this place
Boss gets a wake up call
Jerk Kid at Park Bullies My Brother
don't beep at me
A weak (but satisfying) revenge
You abuse me, I take away your VPN
I control the caffeine.
My sister refused to wear her helmet on her bike, so i deflated her tires
Success is a dish best served petty
I hope you really, really enjoy these cupcakes
Bother me on my phone? I'll make sure you can't use yours for a day or two.
Have fun with your spaghetti, lady (bit of language).
Play loud music to disturb the neighborhood? Listen to my car alarm.Revenge is best served stinky!
Beep Beep
Don't wanna buy my fruit snacks? Then don't buy them from someone else.
Like to Trigger your neighbors? Enjoy getting what you have coming to you
But I didn't need it last time!
Ruin my secondary school life? I'll spoil Avengers:Endgame for you (no spoilers in this post)
My sister stole credit for baking a cake, so I stole her boyfriend.
Someone parked as to make it difficult to leave my spot.
Cabbie tries to rip me off $2.00? Protracted court battle and large civil penalty for you!
I will be extremely nice... at your expense.
Block us in? We block you in
Call me ugly and gross behind my back? I’ll ruin your life
Wake me up. Well enjoy waking up at midnight
A picture worth a thousand words… So how about several
My SO's boss hates me for NO reason.
Racist neighbor gets forced to live next to the very people she despises
A commenter said OP wrote like a D- student...
Shitty revenge on scam company.
Spam my website will you!
Ex wife revenge
Bridezilla is cruisin’ for a bruisin’
Enter the bathroom when I want privacy, feel the wrath of my smelly anger!
The time a student tried to embarass me and I served it back with interest.My Teacher Put an Annoying Brat in Her Place.
Petty Revenge is: being graded on the quality of your own work.
Middle School Petty Revenge
Boss was cheating on his wife so I told her because he wouldn’t give me a weekend off.
Rip up my Fence and Front Garden, lose your pos car and Pay to put my Garden Back to Normal.
Idiot D&amp;D player mocks the IT guy in the group, rolls a crit fail.
There are no more fans for you
Enjoy your happy surprise, bitch.
Co-worker stealing my adderall
Make Me Move Out of My Sweet Digs? Enjoy!
Squirrels
i caught my A/C company trying to rip me off. called them out on it.. then they voided my warranty (crosspost from DIY)
Ignore my advice? You will pay in boredom and poop.
Group of kids were rude, I got my revenge.
I arranged a stand up comedy event and the comedian got humiliated.
Break my favourite lamp? Wear a hat you hate!
My son's stepmom spanked him for bullying
Stop stealing food, or else things are gonna get messy.
Teacher yelled at you? Don't wish her.
Good luck sleeping
Impatient and rude in line? How about wait just a biiit longer for your treats!
Awful worplace: get that back, then!
Update: "Oh you're going to harass my boyfriend and I via text"
enjoy looking at the same picture all day
Since you all liked my lolly shop story so much, here is another
Need some advice
Wanna be that drunken bastard in public? Go ahead fellaWakeup call
The Nuisance Nun
Big Brother Is Watching
I'm Not THAT Old, Mom
Wait Your Turn, Please
Sorry dear, we're not patient enough for your conversation. But you can listen to ours.
One bird, two petty revenge stones
Don't be a jerk
I hide step brother ps3 portible after he ruined my toys
Smash Bros Revenge
Won't get off your phone when placing an order?
Uni students can be real children sometimes...(bit of a long one)
"You left the Mic on..."
Pee on Toilet Seat
Oh, you're in a rush?
HELP ME GET REVENGE ON STALKER
Petty revenge on the bus driver
My friend LITERALLY made shit rain down on my bully's face
Fuck you, it's my cab now!
Belittle me and try to get me fired? Enjoy a middle-school riot on your bus.
I need help getting revenge on a guy that thinks it's funny to piss in jeeps.
Be mean? No coffee for you!
Hope you had fun with Chuckie
Question. I need a place to drop a phone number?
The time I made a little boy cry.
You drive that Mustang, boy!
Embarrass me in Spain, you'll get em-BARE-ASSED in Spain.
Don't try and scam me out of money. Karma will bite you in the ass.
Ditch me, fine
Try to embarass me and my friend? I'll get you back
That will learn you pen stealer!!!
French tourists in a plane being obnoxious.
Stupid stempom gets what she deserves
Dont have a bathroom for a 3 year old girl? Nvm its no longer an issue.
An ex broke my heart and left me for another girl...
Hit me, get yo hand covered in poop.
Just started a job in Customer service returning emails, answering phones... I get my revenge all day on rude people
The (not so) great change war.
The grocery snatcher
Be a snob? Listen to my stories thenMy mom pissed off her college roommate.... or should I say... pissed ON her college roommate!
Won't move your car? I hope you like rotting meat in your vents.
Bully me in fourth grade? Hopefully you like eggs.
Rant to me for no reason? Get ready to get dirty.
Wake Me Up at 3am in a Hotel Because You're Drunk? Enjoy your 5am Wake-up.
Don't call me Sweetie
Talk shit about me, I'll steal your headphones
You're impatient and I'm lazy
To the owner of the electric car illegally parked blocking multiple parking spaces...
Petty Poker Revenge
Spray me with water? Right back at ya....
Wade needs to be punished
Do over
The pettiest revenge ever.
Train ride revenge on perverted old man
Action Dan here, revenge on my neighbors for being rude and telling me how to raise my kid.
Slack off at work, enjoying counting change
A girl my boyfriend works with won't stop flirting with him.
How about you forget both?
when i stole a lady’s food
There were no real winners in this annual Yuletide revenge
Ask me 1 more time to put something in your calendar!!! I dare you!!!
The douchebag roommate.
I don't know how petty this is, but it made me feel good.
A shity revenge story
You want some space? I'LL give you some space!
Ideas for revenge on a hotel maid who has angered me
Rude? No Happy Birthday for You!
Etiquette of a communal bathroom
Its my locker B*TCH
Change for $100
Break a promise? I’ll ruin your career.
The time my mother called the EPA on a neighbor.
Good luck trying to get an amphibian to protect you tonight.
Saying No To Bully / Cheater
'Hard kid', becomes a pussy.
How can I get cold, petty revenge?
Shoplifting. I dont think so.
Bragging About Instagram? Let The Games Begin
Assaulted in middle school was vindicated years later (yesterday) when I googled culprit's name.
Get me fired based on texts? Let’s see how the employer feels about ALL the texts you’ve sent.
The Weirdest Revenge Kiss of Her Life?
Bike Path Revenge
How to slightly inconvenience your loud neighbor with stray cats
No you can't have them!
Ruin my paint job with tantrums? Have fun doing extra work.
Don't keep the door open for me? Enjoy stopping on every floor.
Sleazy home builder aggravates my mom, she helps to bankrupt them
Nice racism, lady.
Be rude to me? I will call you ass!
The Kit fisters need your help at r/KitFisters
Gym lockers
Labeled my neighbor’s dog’s poop for all to see when she neglected to pick it up.
13-year-old regrets eating purse cookie
Unpleasant Uptight Neighbor Gets Yard FULL OF BIRD SHIT
Won't back up so I can parallel park? Have fun WAITING
Delicious Karma Gets Revenge For Me
Don't fuck with dispatch. I'll make your life inconvenient.
do as the romans do, muhfuggah.
Some assembly required. Good Luck.
My previous employer unwittingly paid me to fly across the country and interview for a better job which I eventually left them for
Don’t Want Our Money? Well We Don’t Want Yours!
“You can only have 1 soda.”
I sincerely don’t like my neighbor’s job
Annoying coworker? Two can play that game
Sister puked on toilet, refused to clean it
Don't ride my bumper if I'm already speeding!
Restaurant managers screw over staff, get hit in the wallet
Act like a little shit? I'll make you smell like one
Manager abuses her position to help out her cousin... family meltdown ensues
Be nice to the friend with the Wi-Fi hotspot
This is why you shouldn't honk at pedestrians!
Why didn't the psychic foresee this?
I'm sorry, I had to cancel too.
"Put your smaller carry-on under the seat in front of you."
Have fun with catheters!
Make me feel like an outsider in your country, I make you feel like one in yours.
No pictures of me? No pictures of anyone else then
Tell me to F off after asking to keep your dog quiet? OK... I will definitely F off..
That is my coffee.Don't honk at me when I can't move either.
Hey Reddit, want collective revenge on a hate group?
Bully Neighbor
Someone stole my drier. I gave him a quest.
My pettiest revenge
My grandfathers vintage petty revenge......
The glourious war of sister rivalry.
Petty with a side of Mac.
You don't want me to make your job easier? Okay.
So a girl in 5th grade was mean to me the whole year...
You want to talk about Jehovah ? Ok, let's talk for a looong time
F food stealers
You thought we would lose Battle Of The Bands? Let's see about that.
You Assault Me? Im getting you back!
I Made a classmate cry in front of the whole school
Landlord refused to replace items he destroyed, so we get creative
Enjoy your overpriced (unneeded) fix
Sale of Goods Act....
Be nice to the receptionist
Piss me off and make my favorite student cry? Enjoy the seeds.
I dont want to buy a timeshare
Sorry my illness annoyed you.
UPDATE: Screwed out of my holiday pay because we “don’t have set schedules”; 3 months later I use the exact same phrase to my boss when asked why I didn’t come in when I wasn’t on the schedule.
I'm Happy With My Petty Revenge
I added my name on her boyfriend's bucket list
Unreasonable room mate Revenge
Habanero underwear
Take up both lanes in a drive through? I'll show you!
A petty online browser game revenge
Whistle at my coworkers and I like animals? Whoops, where did your order go?
Banking app doesn't work. No worries, I'll change my app.
Make me stay late? Karma!
Petty revenge on lazy flatmate.
Talked bad about my 1 year old. Drag her.
Get your hands off me property!
My team tried to get my account suspended, got theirs suspended instead
Fiddle with my Alexa? Good luck using your computer
Maybe I would have sympathy if you weren't such a b*tch
A guy cut in line, so I "didn't see" the mail that he was looking for
I fought the law and I won. (x-post from AdviceAnimals)
Don't Like My Hair? Let's Have the Court of Public Opinion Give You Their Verdict...
Petty revenge on inconsiderate friend
I always remember who is on my shit list
Ditch me for *pancakes*? I'll show you!
Good times at the Pizza place
Bully me once, alright, bully me twice, let's go,
I don't know if this is against the rules but can you guys help me get petty revenge on someone??
Girl gets me kicked out of class but i'm not going down like this
be rude to me? I won't play into your delusion
Interactive Petty Revenge: The DQ Scam
Infected co workers with the flu and feel 0 guilt.
Gonna get all pissy with me over some bullshit? Your denim is MINE!
Drive like an asshat pay full price for your soda.
Act like an asshole, deal with a little stink
Chatline
No, I have used phone's longer than you, so I know what you are doing is wrong.
Non-Commissioned Officer treats lower enlisted like crap over something he has no control over and loses out on a promotion.
"im sorry but you dont cut my paycheck"
When a metal head is sick of their neighbor's shitty music.
Airplane petty revenge x2
Won't pronounce my name correctly? Ok. Suit yourself.
Unpleasant Steak and shake waitress.
Teacher tells us that we are going to DIE so she gets fired because of us.
Guy took a noisy dump in the next stall.
My husband leaves the wet wipes open
Must be a fake.
Whoops, you Dropped Something
Quitting in Style
Kid Makes Racist Jokes, Then Tries To Con Me For Money
Thnx for the chips
Learn to Drive Asshole
I have shut up about Gangham Style!
interrupt my viewing - enjoy my voice
Hope you don't mind some missing pubes, bro!
Rude customer berates me and brags about finding a better deal so I buy said deal from under him
I Downvote Flakes
Petty public humiliation for douchey ex
Ride your bike in my lawn? Taste my hornet vengeance bitch!
Wedding Woes
This whole sub is /r/thathappened and /r/iamverybadass literotica
My personal account with a private school that had corporal punishment.
I was at a Craft Store in my town!
That's MY Halloween candy!
Make Us Pay A Fine? Thats Fine With Us.
Sorry Rainbow flavor unavailable.
Here, let me destroy the environment for you.
Running from debt collectors...sucks that your old phone number is my new phone number.
All he wanted was a free employee for a day.
Entitled coworker always comes late, now I come late
Does water in the face count?
Steal my chair?
You treat me like shit, I crush your tomatoes.
Guy demands we give him our part of the group assignment so he can present and be graded. Have fun failing.
Reddit, please help with asshole upstairs neighbors.....PLEASE!
Girlfriend cheats on me. I fuck up a lot of shit.
Let my dog exact petty revenge on my behalf
Remove me from your skyblock island? I'll get you BANNED
The Douche who would like an interview.
Threaten me with legal action and eviction over 5 $?
Teachers make a retest useless....
Idc that you don’t want to work with that person
You think I'm being disrespectful with the food? Fine, then I'll vomit
What time is it? Time for revenge.
Karma is a Bit*#
Don't tell me to wash my dishes.
Petty af
Laugh at me for running? Miss the train.
Demon Manager Leaves Workplace
Pokemon Card Karma
Thanks for the pen, Asshole.
Out of state driver being an asshole on the road.
Be an asshole have fun with doors
My stalker kept texting me so I decided there was only one way to get rid of him
Call me dumb, get spammed from ads
Stupidity and consequences
Me: 1 Cable Company: 0
Former friend of mine got me in trouble so I banned his tik tok account
Within 1 week, I destroyed a Catfisher's facebook profile and music channel.
Housemate gets an unexpected mouthful
Yum, free Skittles.
Steal my chocolate? Enjoy your biscuits.
Enjoy reading a shit-ton, chem teacher. (feat. emotional story about atoms)
My sister faces the brunt of vengeance once again
Don't assume someone doesn't speak your language, and then insult them when they can clearly hear you.
Shitty Revenge
Fast Food Pettiness
Parking revenge!
Aunts small revenge on extremely unpleasant Uncle.
Need help getting back at a hooker
I never thought I had a story worth of this sub, but then I remembered I once worked in retail...
I will get revenge from my worst ennemies because he is a bad guy and he took my girlfriend from me
On the ex-girlfriend who admitted that she cheated on me, but really, "it was all my fault anyway"
Movie Theatre Nuisance
3 days ago our landlord was rude because we asked for our walkout receipt. Today he sent us a check for 650 dollars.
Guerrilla warfare, revenge upon the homophobic, the racist, and not too bright.
To the player on Rocket League..
Want to Be Rude, I'll make sure you don't get what you want
In a hurry? I wont slow you down anymore.
You wanna go fast? Sorry I feel like it’s a slow day today.
Don't Be a Dick at a Haunted House
He doesn't want to pay me, so let's leak secrets
Need ideas for petty revenge against shitty landlord
My friend hit me
My boyfriend came to bed late...
Cleaning Filth with Filth
He deserved it.
Short story, but cool
You forgot your burrito.
A Hairy Situation
Jammed coworkers lock for stealing my locker
Tailgating? Eat this!
Petty revenge for asshole camp staff.
I can be JUST AS LOUD as your party of 12
My girlfriend and I need help from the twisted minds at r/pettyrevenge.
Bite me? Get crappy house service.
Double-revenge: My sister's boyfriend works for InstaCart, and my old boss was a disgusting manwhore.
Should I ?
well u didnt want ur teacher to answer emergency phones during a lesson yes?
My wife pointed out to me...
Small act of revenge on my little cousin
May have been the reason horrible boss lost his job
Don't harass people in company vehicles
The Great Craigslist Runaround of 2012
Cheating university student enjoys hours of post-exam anxiety
You keep me up at night?I'll make you regret it. (NSFW)
A Lingering Stink of Revenge
Arbys drive-thru
Petty revenge ideas needed against racism
His shit eating grin
Breaking Dawn Revenge.
Getting revenge in Minecraft
Guy cuts in front of me, but my dog gets the last laugh
Repeatedly tap me on the back? Have fun watching me leisurely pay for my stuff
A fishy tale.
Airport drama
Salad dressing anyone?
Revenge x 3, including the ole toothbrush trick
In middle school, I got verbally abused daily by students, and staff told me to ignore it since words can't hurt me. I get in trouble for verbally retaliating, and I put the principle in her place.
"Haha! I bet you'll get your own lunches, now!"
Be a bully to freshmen, enjoy no AC
Johnny, Johnny.
Revenge on School Bullies
Oh NOW you wanna go to the movies?
Seriously, stop being a douchebag to my best friend.
I get revenge on me bull e
Secret sauce
"She wanted me to make sure all our leaves stayed completely separated. I'm just following through."
More water please!
Sweet, crunchy toaster revenge
"Rent A Cop"
call out my shit math teacher.
Parking spaces are there for a reason
Insult me? Enjoy the ride
Hope you weren't *too* late
A Prius pulled up next to me
Maybe if you're nicer next time, I'll give you a heads up.
Since we're talking about rubber stoppers...
you wanna tailgate me? enjoy my brake lights....
Mean kid thinks that people have give him what he wants
Picture perfect (god I hate myself for that title)
Ex-Lax Brownies. Bon appetite!
Loitering? Let's Meet the Taco Hash Slinging Slasher
Punch it, pass and get off my ass.
Think I'm gonna rob you? I'm gonna tell on you
Argue over a couple of bucks on my lunch order? Your till's gonna be short when you close.
2 Revenge (2nd didn't follow through)
Close friend hosts party without me, my mom gets ultimate revenge by selling their shoes
Idiot tries to copy my fake answers.
Steal all of our Halloween candy? Two can play at that game.
My shift manager at work never does anything how we're supposed to.
Would you like extra sauce with that?
Don't Piss off the Photographer...
HS classmate stole my precious earrings got back at her by making “Missing Girl” posters of her
Bully tries to blind me, i get petty revenge
Be considerate of those around you, otherwise you might get peed on.
I always act like a know-it-all who never makes dumb mistakes. Then I made one, and my husband delighted to take advantage.
'Do not use the bathroom during work hours under any circumstance'
My trainee tried to get me in trouble with my GM, so he put her in solitary confinement
Be the person you dog thinks you are.
Mother of ham: the revenge
Oh you wanted that exit? what about that one, or that one, or NOPE you're stuck douchewaffle!
Take my bed? Ok, I'll sleep in your armchair
Cut me off twice? Enjoy a cold drink!
This is very small revenge🐵
Stop stealing things off of my desk
Motorcycles, mirrors and shit parking
Idiot Brother and Tobacco Misuse
We're closed..
Favors aren't in my job description when you're an asshole.
Force me to work 10 minutes on a birthday card? I hope you're prepared for months of war.
Life isn't GTA -why you shouldn't try to run a person over
Yes. Please teach me how to do my job.
They got my mom to fire me
Petty revenge on an Aunt who disregards my college while not being all that educated herself
Try to ruin my day? Fine, I ruin yours.
My first petty revenge...using boredom
Entitled coach tries to have my spine broken!
Stole my ex GF's dog
*You're* getting petty with ***me?***
Reverse card
Midnight Revenge
Cat food in the garbage can
It’s literally flinging poo at this point.I stole the leading role from a cheating theatre club president
SO SISTER, JUST GONNA LEAVE YOUR HAIR IN THE SHOWER DRAIN?
MineCraft So Its Good
Entitled customer gets what she deserves
don't cancel halloween on me plz
Hope the free food was worth it...
Oh, my window is in your property is it?
Whole class got detention, kids outside decided to mock me using laser pen.
Guy with wrong number randomly calls me and immediately swears at me. Guess who's number is now getting spammed?
The War of the Central Heating
I finally defeat my Bible-thumping, creepy coworker from hell who makes everyone in the office uncomfortable!
Broke thieving roommate finally caught
Leave TV on all night? Minimal choices the next day.
You've got something on your...never mind.
Siblings and the Supernatural.
Impatient lady didn't like my slow driving, caused herself an accident.
Auto dealer gets bitchslapped by Karma!
Bleach. Just buy me bleach.
Wake me up at 6:45a on a Saturday? I'll make the rest of your day very uncomfortable
Want to bully and harass my sister? It's okay, I'll wait...
park inconsiderately?
Took up two parking spots
Endless questions.
Don't mind me, just passing through
When my boyfriend cheated on me I requested the song he *hated* on the local radio station and dedicated it to him.
Former friend tries to ruin my evening by teaming up with a girl who hates me.
Long story short I kicked my GF off my streaming account before she could finish GOT.
Rude Customers Stink
Cut me off? I'll make you get a ticket.
I asked you to do one thing!
Taunt me with food?
Force me to speak to you? No.
Banana pepper showdown
Every dog has its day
McPayback
You can use it then
Act like a dick, get blinded.
Ice Cream Thief!
Petty Revenge on a horrible Facebook group.
Prank my school, get pranked by my school in return
I did it I let it all out
Complain about my shopping list will ya?
Parasite at the book store
Frozen food, burnt food, frozen food, etc.
The 'butter' incident (x-post from /r/badroomate)
cheater in school got what they deserved
Dealing with a Shitty person? May I recommend some Shitty revenge?
Bully a kid throughout his school years and make his life a misery... payback's a b*tch
I took $30 out of my colleague’s farewell gift contribution after I found out she blocked me on Facebook.
I cost the assholes from my moving service 500$
How to get petty revenge on my ex boss
You treat me like shit, then you want me to do your test? Okay, I’ll “do” it.
I Ruined My Music Teachers Career In 3 Words Because She Ruined Career.
Put on blast plox kthx
Motorcycle gets cut off so gets his petty revenge
You dirty little liar
Lack of sleep makes me crusty
Ew
Karen bossed the students and they owned her
Dumped 10 liters of piss on LOUD NEIGHBORS fence
Ok I just want some petty revenge on my little (28 year old) brother. A crowd-sourced phone bomb, please.
Request: some creep messaged my gf something gross, gimme your raunchiest thing i can send him
Petty revenge at the servo
How to start a 3-year long feud
Using Toto's Africa as revenge
You wanted attention when I was battling a final stage cancer ??! 3 months after you got it :)
Revenge is a dish best served at Pizza Hut
Kansas City woman has a special holiday poo-poo package for porch thieves
I've been the victim of pretty cheeky petty revenge!
Steal my food? Hmmm. Dont think so
Act like an entitled a-hole? Eat poetry
How to get someone evicted?
Steal my yogurt? Get yogurted.
You think you are good ,but NOPE
Belittle me while I'm working harder than you? Have your bike bling stolen
The Battle of Imaginary Dishware
Step on my foot I get u grounded
Take my phone away when I need it to get home? Big mistake.
Responsible rebellion against passive aggression
Break the law? I’ll break your windshield.
Bus Lanes are for Buses, Not Cars...
how to tame a bully
Cancel plans with me at the last minute? Revenge will be served warm.
Being petty to little kids on my school bus.
Try to take a gift from my grandmother? I cockblock you
Thief roommate feels wrath of petty revenge
Embarrass your mother in front of her friends, expect nothing less in return.
Petty revenge on a friend
Can't let my fiancée take some work home so she can go to the dentist, pay someone to fix your simple computer problem.
They made my time working hell so I made the most of it before leaving
Take THAT
piss in the guava juice
Need help.
Petty Revenge at the Strip Club
Make me listen to football all damn day, will you?
Annoy me in my Own House? Get Kicked back to Florida.
Complain about the lunch I made you, I'll give you a reason to complain.
My friends bullied me on minecraft so I made them waste two days
My dad kills my kitten so i make him get a divorce
Ex-Boss screwed me
Be ride to the driver, get off last.
Waste my time and I'll waste yours.
Block my view in the cinema, and I won't divulge my secrets...
Sorry to be *so* distracting
Any hackers willing to help me out?
My "best friend" was a colossal cunt
Keep your trash to yourself!
shaken, not stirred
Not worth stealing on Easter
Uncle treats my family like shit so I delete his porn
Leave your bike blocking the entrance? Old guy on a scooter might run it over!
Blocking the crosswalk gets you blocked!
Sorry, no saving spots.
Unintentional Revenge on my Ex-Gf
How i got back at racist rednecks in a rural town i was installing a cell tower in.
One good scare deserves another.
A mouthful of oil for you
No more fun for us? Cool. No warning for you.
Working the drive-through.
Not gonna host. (Xpost /lgbt)
2013 Peuterey Outlet shop online
Have one slice of cake? Why not another?
Wanna do things without asking me first, when they greatly affect me? Fine, but don't be surprised if I do the same
Fighting jackass driving with his own jackass driving.
Take that you nasty bitch
Annoying partiers started hanging out near my house at night keeping me up, here's my solution to get rid of them instantly.
Yell at me for cigarettes? Enjoy prison.
Cheated on by her fiance, then he loses his wardrobe
Trying to get my parking spot? I think I'll savor this giant chocolate chip cookie...
Loud hostel roommates won't let me sleep? Have fun waking up at 5 am in the morning.
High school librarian is a bitch.
You gotta wait
Cant use the TV? Well fine!
Bicyclists blocking a stop sign
Treat me like shit and treat me worse when we break up? Ill give the shoes you bought me for Christmas away for free.
Asshole Brother Revenge
Troll us on Twitter multiple times? Enjoy having your Social Media Privileges taken away!
His girl liked me more than him so he outed me
You want to burn bridges over petty money? I'll make sure the whole town knows.
Time to stew. Time for petty revenge
Won't answer my question but I answer yours: Welcome to the wrong place
I prefer to let them learn..
Stomp My Paper, I Stomp Your Paper
You cheat on me, I steal your entire pokemon team
Can you fill this up all the way?! (Fast food revenge)
Petty postal revenge!
I served my husband's ex with papers filed to lower child support obligation in a real petty way after 10 years of her BS.
Make me feel uncomfortable in my own home? Too bad that I love all animals... and you're an arachnophobe.
Douchebag Ex is harassing my little sister so here is his phone number✌️
For some reason when I try to make a post it get's banned.
I ruined my bully's one chance at making friends and being accepted.
Arrogant butcherTailgating, Road Rage, Violence
The girl can't make up her mind
Texas Snowman
Asshole at the grocery checkout
I convinced my mom her cable box was broken... twice
Revenge is a dish best served during lunch
Oops, I locked you out!
You want to cancel my internet service and break promises? I’ll keep my promise and share my experience as much as I can.
Don't illegally dump, especially if you leave your mail in the bags!
A lefty has to use a fountain pen, you say?
Here's your change...
Never take your laundry out of the washer or dryer you get a note!
Act like a rude idiot? Your child gets permanent markers.
Tied up at the bowling alley
Your Reddit password is "password"? Guess you'll have to learn to use better passwords the hard way.
Don't Mess With the Pregnant Lady!
You wanna be lazy? I'll take all the stickers.
Disregard the rules? Enjoy your 20 minute wait.
Tiny Revenge on Bitchy Coworker
Stop using 15-20 sheets of TP per wipe, toilets clog! How do you not understand this?
My rude loud roommate. Call him with and unleash hell upon him.
Oh no! Not windshield wiper fluid!
Lazy Hotel Bellhop
I got my petty revenge by being the nicest roommate ever.
College Papers In High School Driving Me Off The Deep End
She threw up when she returned
Public phone call, and you expect privacy?
Here, let me get that for you.
Yes honey, I did throw all your socks in the bin
Man gets banned from a restaurant because he couldn't sit at a window
Girl ruins life, teaches her Korean and embarrasses her greatly
My fathers petty revenge; late night partiers while we were camping, he had fun.
Friend was being an asshole at McDonalds.
Pandemic petty
Petty revenge on a seagull
the puppy and the bandit
Waste my time after hours? I'll waste yours too.
Move my squat weights -- that's fine.
Send Someone a "Bag of Shit"
Annoying kid gets a taste of his own medicine
Dumb Beyach in a Pathfinder...
Don’t report broken equipment? It won’t get returned to you.
Mail Box TKO (Total Knock Out)
Creepers gonna creep
Don’t Drink and Drive Around People You Have Insulted
Revenge in a different country
Crazy Racist Latina Roommate Steals From MeI Give Her a Taste of Her Own Medicine.
Xpost from TalesFromRetail. I was told you guys would like "The first time I got back at a customer"
Never Gamble Angry
No stripes for you!
When you screw me out of my morning coffee...
Charge me for a meal when I asked for a to-go container? Say bye to your pizza!
Old roommate took my GF unknowingly on a drug deal
Got petty revenge on abusive ex boyfriend.
I've spent 10 years slowly framing my horrible great-aunt as an LGBTQA+ ally
Drunks wake me in a hotel - turnabout is fair play
Sister's Husband Was Abusive, As Kids, We Did What Little We Were Able To Get Revenge
When you gotta take a leak piss on my neighbors air conditioner
Bitter ex-housemate killed my vegetable patch.
Deer lease neighbor doesn't understand basic laws, now he's out thousands of dollars.
Take THAT, "Bill in Collections!"
Flip me off for something that's your fault will you?
Wanna-be Bully is Quickly Put in his Place
Terrible Employee and "Friend" Asks Me To Be A Reference
I beat the system!
I'm a student working part-time as a lifeguard - petty revenge on a customer
Guy asks for sex, I think I stepped on someones microballs pretty badly.
Steal my phone will you? Enjoy the useless heap of metal!
Rip apart my trees, will you?
Try to road rage on me, go blind for a bit
Drive Thru Revenge
My family gets revenge on a restaurant after they chase me away for having outside food.
Mispell my name ? My revenge will be terrible
Make my friend waste 20 minutes for no reason? Well, she has something up her sleeve.
New neighbours kick my cat when we move in? Fine, she's gonna eat your luxury ham.
Peek at me while I pee?
Reading my diary behind my back? Ok, I’ll make sure you can’t understand anymore!
get nanaed
Pal stole my squirtle plush, so i fucked his crush
Just confirmed my friend is reading my posts despite her denying it. Here's my revenge idea.
I hate my sisters cat
I destroy a kid in a game he cusses at me for being bad at
Try to cut in line for the water slide?
A paedophile touches kids so I pushed him in front of a bus
Nearly run me off the road? Enjoy being late to work.
Don't forget to pay back your friends!
Eat my burrito I was looking forward to? Okay let's see how you like it.
I tried to be his friend but he ended up hiding in a car to avoid me
I’m a shit teammate
Gave my neighbour a ticket, now they don't park there anymore
Battle of the Microwave
Try to deny us using vacation time? Good luck getting around FMLA
No soup for you! Another petty revenge story on my housemates fiancée.
Asshole Driver Revenge
Make my life hellishly uncomfortable? Enjoy your smelly bin.
Merging revenge
"Deal with it ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
Lying freshman gets karma
Didn't do the order? Enjoy waking up every 30 minutes.
Don't be rude to the help.
JUST HAPPENED. psycho Florida man at Dunkin Donuts
You wanna call me some slurs? I hope you don’t care about your emails
I didn't actually do anything, but I don't know where else to put this.
"You look great...!"
You didn't even read the damn paper.
Organic Pet Care Products Company, Pet Products Manufacturer and Supplier - One Touch Natural
Practice what you preach ladies.
The best petty revenge is the kind that happens on its own.
Bully gets mentally abused
Oh, you want to use my coffee maker?
Old petty revenge story from when I still was a kid.
Try to act hard to me? I'll show you.
Tifu by shitting
I once bullied my middle school bully
Hope you enjoy all your newsletters
My friends trashed a gas station to get back for the owners kicking them out.
Most of USA is sleep by now, lets tell them how shitty they are so they awake to good toilet literature.
Sure, you drive an SUV.
The day I taught my 4th grade teacher that punishing the whole class didn't work.
My apartment has not been the best apartment. They are doing a video contest for touring your apartment.
Revenge on insomnia causing college roommate
Made my friend study for 2 years like her life depend on it
Smash my car window with marbles? Be shamed and pay!
An Everyday Petty Revenge
You want war? You get war
I saw petty revenge in action today at the store
Be rude on the bus? Enjoy the smell!
Getting revenge on entitled b**chDon’t squeeze, please
Using a "Karen"'s own words against her. Don't insult my dog!
Guy always called me dumb.
Don't fuck your shift relief over!
Get in my personal space? Enjoy waiting behind me
You'll have to pay a little more.
Salmon surprise!"Sorry, I got here first."
Get me fired, I'll fuck your relationship up.
Sleep with my ex and betray my trust? Enjoy waking up at 6 every morning.
Most Satisfying Revenge Of My Life
Gamer eats his own words
I got my sis 50$ worth of books
Its too late. 🤷🏾‍♀️
The Flashing Flashlight
Be a douche, lose your Pokemon.
Karma’s got my back
3 years of petty
Petty revenge encounter of the accidental kind, or: How do you like dem diesels?
Cut off the school bus? Oh, I'll show you
Church bells
The new neighbor with chickens
Busted divas' lies and a (free)great education: two birds with one stone
a distracted boy/girl hits my with their car and blames it on me!
Mom gets revenge
Worst Valentine's Day for him, best one for me
I need help on some petty revenge
Enjoyed it more than I should have
Sew that, bitch.
Short-shift me during a hockey game; enjoy cold and wet shoes.
Guy refuses to wait two hours, waits two hours instead.
Care too much and I'm going to push your buttons
We're not allowed to touch your stale bagels? Enjoy having no ice.
Not This Time! ~ The revenge of an Englishman in Amsterdam
Neighbor doesn’t like car parked in public street and calls cops? Deal with it.
Tailgating texan buckles after tasting road revenge
Milky revenge on rude woman
Don't be an asshat if you have a unique looking car
If you're rude to me, I'm going to charge you a $1 BS fee
Petty Revenge on bully
How dare you vandalize my town!
Little bro wake up call
Tit for Tat
Sick of your substance induced chaos. Internet privileges herby revoked.
Ms Mommy Knows Her Origami
Tip me $5 on a $90 bill? Enjoy watching a different game!
Simple refund turns into 2 free meals
Be nice to your fast food workers please. You never know whos there.
Seeking advice on a shoe war.
Ex Best Friend unfriends me to be popular and years later tries to make me her “Maid of Honor” at her wedding.
You say I can't find it cheaper, I bet I can.
Dad being a cheap-ass, have fun spending more
"Where's the express line?"
Annoyed rude girl with constant spelling corrections in google meeting
Got an anti-masker Karen kicked off the bus for lifetime
Take THAT, ShitStore!
Try to pin me for something I didn’t do? I’ll give you a job you’ll never actually get.
My brother took my cookies, oops now his phone is cracked.
How I destroyed a 4,000 member Discord server.
Petty Revenge help?
Ultra-religious lady won't sell rated M game.
Corrected dude who talked shits grammar constantly
Don't try and pass traffic in the shoulder...
Try to cut in traffic? Enjoy my music!
You fucked my pokemon saved game, ok I will fuck your tabletb
"Just fucking cut it"
Sure, I'll doing the washing up...
Oh, I'll make sure you get your newspapers...
Very petty revenge on my brother (SHORT)
Petty revenge on classmates in high school
Yell at kids, a sweet grandma and other passengers? Enjoy getting flipped off!
found a phone. guy called, irate, accused me of stealing it. so i left it for him, in cincinnati.
I bet she's happy I'm moving out soon...
Unsolicited nudes all around.
This is level 1. If you wanna keep going, we'll just skip to level 10.
Take my diamonds, I'll burn your house down
My Sister Constantly Scares me, So I Turned the Tables
My mom made a company successful, then subsequently costed them millions after she left due to poor working conditions.
5th grade vengence or why 10 year old boys are assholes
Don't Even Sign My Name Huh? Let's See you do That Whole Project Over Again.
Fat jerks in wawaDon't want to act like an adult? Fine, then I'll tattle on you.
No &lt;3 for you
Annoy me over the phone will you....
Don't you ever f*ck with me
my neighbour is an asshole
Worst Landlord Ever
Let there be bouncy balls
Someone reported me for venting out bottled emotions
Baristas don't like cutters
The Lawyer's Junkmail
Be mean to people? No one gets to read your posts.
Got really angry on someone else's behalf and took action.
You're not going to fix it because it's not causing YOU a problem? We'll see about that....
Thief steals my motorcycle off my porch, I get it back and he gets a new set of handcuffs
I made a girl question her looks because she ignored my text.
A wrestled a guy for $3000 and the boss didn’t give me my money
A little revenge on the bus
Bully me? Enjoy finding your thong.
"We close at 10" means we close at 10.
Petty revenge, 7 year old style.
Kid tries to sabotage me and eventually gets obliterated
My revenge on Beslubbering Milk-Livered Ratsbane customers at a movie theatre
Treat me like a servant? Enjoy your long car ride!
You messed with the wrong guy
My "friend" called me a cunt and tracked my up adress. Cops called.
Douche driver gets parking revenge
You want to leave used menstrual products and not flush your monster shits after you take them? Go for it.
Got my own back, roundabout style.
Bully the people around you, get branded and stranded in a town far away.
Cheated on me and told me to kill myself? Prepare to lose all your friends.
Put my clothes in the dirty dryer?
You have no power here
Screwing with Covidiots
Roomate's dumb girlfriend
What's a small thing you like to do out of passive aggressiveness or revenge that they don't know about?
The Start.
Bank Tellers can't add, or use a calculator.
‘Friend’ in crutches says I don’t do anything to help him- so I don’t
Mock me for something I can't help, I'll mock you when the pie is on your face!!!
You park on my grass and tell me it's not your car?
Drug Test Revenge
You are unpolite to this boy I like? Take my revenge!!
Gym douche with no homework
Colleague tries to take credit for my work
Line cutter gets what he deserves
Petty Revenge on my Roommate
Eat all my food while I fix your phone? Have fun explaining this one...
Buying 23 Burger King Apples Pies to Spite a Screaming Child
Two can be inconsiderate with noxious gasses.
Put your feet on my armrest on a long-haul flight? I have a remedy for that.
Clogged A Toilet On PurposePurposely Clogged a Toilet
let's call him Jack. let's call her Jill. let's call him Sam (because that's his name). let's call him S, and her, um, hmm, M.
Call the cops on **ME**? You should've looked in the mirror first, oh stupid neighbor of mine.
Learn some queue etiquette
A brand new BMW even birds love!
I'm Getting Failing Grades? Well Then, So Is My Nana…
Cat got payback
Wash your dishes, fatasses.
Steal my food, I'll steal your weed!
Rent me into an apartment in the basement of a fraternity house without telling me? Good luck finding a tenant for next year, ya dicks.
j rep upload esus I Hope this fucking binch burns in hell what the fuck what the fuck (re -Upload removed for sexist)
scratched up my car
Copy my friend's art frequently and backstab me and lie on multiple discord servers? Okay, we show the community your threatening messages and receipts, plus you lose all reputation you had.
What started as petty revenge spirals out of control years later
Move my desk again, I'll move you.
Don't threaten to rape my friend.
No straws for you
Revenge on a petty snitch
Revenge on a friends ex
Petty revenge on a dominant kitty
Act like you own the neighborhood? Prepare to have your ‘property’ messed with.
Don't go into the light!
Enjoy not having keys
Blocking the DJ's equipment
Promise of job broken - software destroyed
You Want to be grumpy? I'll ruin your day off
Be dicks? Get evicted
Hit 'em where it hurts.
Shove me? Fine. Touch my friend? I don't think so.
Unintentional, yet satisfying
In a rush? Have no privacy.
Intimidation Fail, Karma Win
You think Steven Universe is Crap? Let's see if you can survive the movie...
Nearly cause an accident and then tell my boss it was my fault? I hope your son enjoys the rest of his summer.
I am not into guys with comb over anyway.
Coworker Has Awful Attitude Towards Only Me.
Dad turns off Wifi, Have some 8-bit Rick Rolls.
More GLITTER revenge!
Repeatedly elbow me on the train...I'll put my coat on
Little boy insists I subscribe to Pewdiepie.
My Coffee-based Revenge.
So you want to be an asshole? Have a week-long ban.
Tailgating &amp; being obnoxious - Hope that speed camera got you!
Foul smell for dishonest mechanic
Don't be vulgar in front of kids.
Deadbeat principal who tried to ruin my life got caught stealing school funds.
Petty Cat Vengence
Make a mess and tell me to clean it up? Have fun trying to return your stupid olive oil.
Working at a comic book store can be satisfying
My sister emits filth? I get revenge.
Terrible mother/human being
You don't wanna let me play? I WON'T let you play.
The Saga of the Roommate
Success is the best revenge
Band releases "Volume 1," bootleggers circulate stolen studio tracks as "Volume 2," band names second album as "Volume 3"
I don't need permission.
Not sure if this counts since she did it to herself
Sweet and Spicy
Don't work on the group project when you said you would? Have fun getting 2 Zero's.
I hope your latte's finally hot enough!
My Glorious Revenge... FOILED!
Just getting back at a bully
The story of a guy who got tired of some stupid co-workers and how he went out in a blaze of glory (A bit long)
Enjoy the poo water.
Steal my Twinkies, feel the burn!
Corporate Email Revenge
Lab report revenge
Bite
Petty revenge against a biscuit stealing stranger. With a twist.
Scottish guy vs Pizza chain store
Surprising Reference
How my patience paid off in taking revenge on my girlfriend.
How I Catch A Food Thief
Break my heart, and taste the karma.
Video Store Revenge
Berate me for liking anime, enjoy your dead car battery
Did this to yourself
Quiet kid dumped ice cream on douche bag's head for mocking her
One Car per Stall
Inspired by a front-page post: parking ticket switcheroo.
Pour paint on my friend's windshield? Troll Mode activated.
Attempt to blackmail people? Get your twitter account locked for 12 hours
Throw your money at me, will you?!
Stole their wood
Lie to me and I will expose you
Someone forced my friend to spam people on Discord with the link to his chat or face a ban from something important to him.
To the filthy people
Wanna cheat on me via Tumblr? You should have changed your password
Run your gas station shoddily? You can throw away my trash.
Disrupt my CPD? Good luck printing today
4 spots, 1 car...featuring success and a kudos
bully me? ok your suspended
Katanas, Dildos, what's the difference?
Custody
You did $30,000 in damage to our rental house, but sure, you can leave your broken down car in the driveway. I don't mind.
Petty revenge at 1 years old
School rations peanut butter
It was only $10 effin dollars!!
Oh you only like using Yahoo huh....
Telemarketers. I'm not a fan.
Seeking Revenge Schemes
My neighbor told my parents I snuck my girlfriend over. I ended his fuckin marriage lmao
Make me late, mix your own coffee.
Just made things really "uncomfortable" for my "family"
Call me a Nigger so yell it louder then.
When my wife and I fight...
Small personal petty achievement.
My Petty Revenge towards my Ex Boyfriend.
My dad is proud of me...
Shitty neighbors deserve shitty yards (literally)
Icebreaker Vs Coke Zero!
Got pranked by a friend freshman year. Waited over a year for the perfect time to strike back.
Breakroom Burrito Surprise
Just found out the apartment next door is rented out to Neonazis.
Family won’t stop calling me a “socialist snowflake,” so I convince them I’ve come into a large sum of money. Oh how the turntables.
Health Man at Wal-Mart: stay out of my way.
Petty Revenge On A Terrible Roommate
Growing up in Russia we had a terrible neighbor.
Advice Needed: How To Get Revenge On Younger Cousins For Being Mean Girls?
Brought a Youth Center Under Provincal Investigation
Grandma’s pet’s petty revenge
NO FIREWORKS FOR YOU THEN!!! FORGET IT!!!
Turning my Roommates Room into the Dump
Dad told me of this story of him in high school,
Cause me extra work and we both stay late
Some pennies for your thoughts?
Did you see Star Wars or not?
Sound guy messes up my band's mix, so I mess up his mix
Arsehole gamer revenge
Some times The "Bad" Guy Wins
Guy Griefs me and my friend, makes fun of autism and his own friends, so we get revenge
My Alarm Clock Radio
Rudely Honk At Me, Get Stuck At The Light
Revenge on huffy bitchy roommate
Wakey wakey!
A kid was mean to me in primary school so I spoiled Star Wars: The Last Jedi for him
get me banned from trolling me? ill get u banned permanet!
I Give Revenge To A Bully
Ex tried to cry suicide, ended up in the mental health wing for a month
mess up my bike and not pay? be happy with being locked out and having to pay even more for the lock
Human of New York Gets Her Petty Revenge
A busybody took pictures of me and put them on a "neighborhood watch" site, theorizing I was a criminal, so I did the same thing to them.
An old but gold story (long)
Don’t want to do work? Don’t expect a good grade.
How to get accidental Revenge
Make me lose an entire day of school after missing a week because I don’t agree with your political views I’ll make your life a living hell
It's For Public Use :)
Drone used to catch cheating wife
Lock me out? fine, say goodbye to your Christmas presents
Flithy disgusting roommate
Mess with the hair and you get what’s fair
kicked my "friend" while he is sleeping for revenge
You won't be considerate of me when I'm sleeping? Sounds like a 3 am smoothie for me then!
XBOX, VOLUME UP!
petty revenge and a vent at people that park like assholes
oh, you'll pay, one way or another
New Job?
I want my community reddit fans to help and to keep quite
Revenge on a Lazy House Squatter
She tried to mess around with my boyfriend, so I hit her where it hurt the most.
Stroller justice wahaha
I hope it's a pain in your asses
Technology trumps horse grump
The Commodore and The Dishwasher
No tip for pizza delivery? No satisfaction for you!
My dad and his friends got humiliated in class.
Return my discontinued file, because of tabbing?
Anonymous shower gel thief gets found out
Don't be rude when people are being nice.
Hope you're nice and comfy.
Mom is on STRIKE!
I need some help from petty revenge experts.
Whenever I have to watch a Youtube advertisement that I can't skip, I mute the volume and go read the comments until it is finished
Sorry if this isn't the right sub, but....I need some petty revenge advice.
Throw an eraser at me? Enjoy a ninja star to your teeth!
How i got 2 babysitters fired
To the Guy Bought All the Pies @ Burger King, You Made the "News"(?)
I think our cleaning lady stole from us?
just because i get paid minimum wage doesn't mean i won't call you on your bs (x-port from /r/TalesFromRetail)
Boss looks up porn on my school laptop at work? Ok, let me just give his number out
Oh, you're gonna pretend my grandma doesn't exist and keep inheritances meant for others? I'LL SHOW YOU.
If you're a dick you get a dick in your drink
Punk teenagers cry because they think their college and career chances are ruined
Didn't read the articles? Sure, I can help
Honk and flash your lights while we're stopped at a railroad crossing, enjoy karma!
Removing me from our college groupchat because you're shitfaced and don't like me? Enjoy getting kicked out of College.When the popular bully ends up alone
Screw me over? Fine, enjoy losing 75% of your business
Let me off work late? Enjoy my stank!
You take my controller from me? I bankrupted you on Monopoly
Don't be a mooching, bandwidth stealing, shitty aunt
Lego revenge
The Best Scrambled Eggs I've Ever Had
Tire problem
A bunch of Karens, and I immediately took revenge
You don't like my laughing? Then prepare to get dumped.
Steal from me? I'll steal from you.
One of my prouder moments.
Counsellor at Camp encourages camper to beat up wildlife, and suffers nature's wrath.
No pastries for brother in law
A woman hit my car today with her door
Karen's lack of research pisses her off and she blames me for it.
I got revenge on a girl I sit next to at school
Kid kept screaming in my ears. Gets suspended.
Call me disgusting? Enjoy wasting 10 extra minutes of your life
Asking: People who don't collect their washing
Lie about me and lie about a murder? and scream in voice chat? You have a trial and you will die.
A bitch of a cow claims our seat and calls me rude, I destroy her ass
Let me do all the work, i wont show up to present.
Oh you’re sleeping? I’ll use the microwave.
ancient petty revenge
Guy tries to cheat off of me in class because he doesn't want to pay attention, I don't let him, and somebody from facebook created a white knight account on twitter to call him out on his shit.
AITA mod told me to post here
Be part of the solution, not the pollution.
Sit on property that isn’t yours, enjoy a nice little scare!
Old Lady Tries to Insult "Skinhead"
Oh, you're being rude? I'll just grab your drink from the back
Security officer on a power trip.
Jerk cuts me off and then drives very slowly, jerk later falls into my clutches!
Apparently I was to mean
A rude technician from my Internet provider called me at work today...
Canadian man returns 20 bags of dumped garbage to owner
Shampoo revenge
Revenge against dogs.
Force me to work past my 2 weeks notice? Fine, I just take my extra week off using sick time.
Won’t stop purposely stomping on your ceiling above my apartment for no reason at all? I’ll piss on your doorstep.
The Post-It Note Story
Tailgate me, huh?
Break into my house... you will pay (going to keep posting this until mods tell me why it keeps getting removed)
The perfect revenge: keeping the rules.
The house is alive with the sound of heavy metal
Early Bird Father in Law
Shrink wrap revenge.
Girl who treated me like 💩
Paying in cash? Here's a million $1s
Fail me for stupid reasons? I’ll graduate with high honors!
RING AROUND THE ROSEY, NOW YOU ARE CONTROLLED BY ME
Park Properly
Wake me up at 3 am cleaning. I hope you sleep cozily.
You dont take a pregnant womans food.
Revenge: Kitty Style
How does rabbit poop taste?
Racist in need of Mobile Spam
You think my music’s loud now? Thanks for the vacation :)
Don't want me to leave the kids in the car for 60 secs? Ok!
Tailgating? Here. Have a pothole.
Want to cheat off of me? Enjoy getting humiliated in front of the whole class.
Enjoy your crappy room
My petty revenge on my cat
Holiday Retail Revenge
Dog Poop Revenge-Probably Gross
I'm sure people don't mind you putting your things on a separate seat on a crowded bus
You have candy? Of course. I have 14 bags.
Cut in line? I'll be sure to be extra quiet about your embarrassment.
Wanna hang out after having made fun of me for years? GLADLY!
High school teacher sent this (http://imgur.com/5nnrF5O) home with my daughter, and my reply
That time I turned in an embezzler.
My cousin left me out for a while so i did the same
Husband learned the petty way that he doesn't enjoy the taste of his own medicine
Petty Revenge On My Ass
Don’t give me a raise? I’ll raise your wife’s skirt.
Idiot customer gets revenge with a chainsaw
I need some advice before I leave my store...
High school jerk gets some unintended revenge
Drummers will understand..
This kid won't stop pinching me so my dad bought me a wooden plane to smash it in her head
My mom goes bat shit crazy when a guy steals her parking spot
Take my peesock, asshole!
not taking care of your kids and get severe hangover?your gonna burn in hell.
Look who's not gonna eat now!
Make me leave earlier at a short notice to drop you off?
Post antivaxx propaganda right before the holidays? No baked mac and cheese for you.
Monday vs The Swaggermuffin
Break my sandcastle? I'll break your foot.
Can't Read? Enjoy Wasting Your Gas!
Buttpaste
Gardening for Noisy Neighbors
Need Roommate Revenge Ideas
If you use mine, I'll use yours.
Revenge on my co-worker is mine.
Free pornos, nudes, live shows, daily chatting and more all with one girl !!!
Saw this in a AskReddit thread. Charge me for another? I'll take 500.
I told you not to leave the windows open...
An Internet gift for an ex...
If you're disorganised and waste my time I'll waste yours
I have performed a psychological attack on someone who parked his car like an asshole.
Smartass princess student gets shown
I think I went too far this time
treat me bad i (and others) get you fired
Block the bike path for a group selfie? Enjoy being photobombed + scared out of your skin.
Pulling the race card
High school janitor gets some petty revenge.
Wrestling takes care of jerks..
Shit in my bathroom? Let's see how long it takes you to find your keys.
Would You Like Fries With Your Revenge?
You want to talk shit about me, I'll delete all your work
Send me a dick pic? I'll tell your mom.
Don't Participate? Do More Excercize
Accuse Me Of Stealing, I Stay Silent
Don't fuck with the guy that handles your finances
Owed me 196 you pay out 1385 plu
"Please move your bags all the way up to the conveyer belt before stepping into the scanner"
Try to insult me and withhold a weeks pay? I will make you just moderately uncomfortable at least once a year, forever.
Gave my stalker what he needed
My punk nephew, 2, refused to admit he knew my name and kept saying "I don't know" then laughing maniacally when asked who I was.
Fuck With My Laptop And I'll Fuck With Your Hair, Bitch.
So. You Wanna Be A Bully? Alright Then, Let's See You Bully Now.
Abuse your wait staff and be a super jagoff, you get embarrassed.
Girl steals my pride and joy(eraser), I take it my bby back
Bully wanna snack?
He ate my ThinMints.
7th grade "Girlfriend" ended up being superficial, so i took all of her friends, is it sad i still laugh about it?
You Tipped Me a Penny
Think you can harass me and steal my stuff? No problem ;)
Hope you enjoy smelling the delicious ribs from the wedding I didn't get to go to.Put your shit away
Be rude to me? Enjoy your wait. (x-post from /r/fatpeoplestories)
This is how I got nearly an entire school to hate one person
No sauce for him! All the sauce for me!
Flat mate annoys us all.
I’m talking to a guy and I let him sign into my Hulu and whenever he leaves me on read/pisses me off I log him out of it and act like I have no clue why it logged him outDon’t think I’m sick? Well I just have to get everyone else to prove it
My neighbor kept banging on my window because I played on my drums at 2:00 in the afternoon
Revenge as a barista
Hope you like the taste of toilet
Sorry, you can’t sell me alcohol. I’m underage.
My Dad at an Indian restaurant last night
Dog Shit.
Ring my haircut up wrong? There goes your tip.
Looky what I found...
steel toes to the shins.
Gonna be lazy hoarders? Ok.
I flash my lights at speeding vehicles.
Late for your interview? Ok, I'll be right back.
"Bad Day" for a Mouse
Don't share tips? Good luck getting any
Take a carpool spot when you're alone? Not so fast.
Complain about my dog and ban everyone with a pet of using the elevator?, hope those governments/taxes papers were not late.
My friends received my Glitter letter from shipyourenemiesglitter.com
Say "No!" To the FCC! r/pettyrevenge is Pro Net Neutrality!
Be an asshole to your ride to work? Have fun taking uber
"Here's your change!"
My step brother decided to change my music, so I slowed Reddit by 1 whole second
"this woman in the target parking lot tossed her mcdonalds bag and drink out of her window but jokes on her she left her window down before going inside so I tossed that shit back in"
Calling me names and being rude? Enjoy 3+ days of no internet.
Sleep with my best friend? I'll make your room-mates hate you.
Are you going to eat that?
That pellet is the only green thing round here, sir
pick on me at school? fine, then I'll just give your dad a horrifying blowjob.
Teaching a kid a lesson to respect his mom.
Being a jerk to a tired mom? I'll do nothing.
April Fool's at 4:00 AM in the morning
I made my bully think I was a witch
Speaking of douche managers....
Teacher complains about our performance in presentations, while she makes the exact same mistake everyday.
Reluctantly returning the favor of sharing a cigarette: goodbye cigarette.
I accidentally posted my last one too early, so a pretty sh*tty situation but edited.
Pee on me, I pee on your things.
Tell me how I park my car wrong I dare you!
Due to the recent bonesaw incident, the new spelling should henceforth be: Sawdi Arabia
Petty revenge on the ex
Don’t want to work? Ok enjoy cleaning the mess alone
I don’t want to hurt my abusive ex, just want to annoy the crap out of him
I cant believe its not butter
PettyRevenge on Attorney
How to annoy neighbor without getting kicked out
Your filing has become slightly less convenient.
Some quick Ebay revenge
Petty Xbox Revenge
Woman-child yells at cyclist (me), called the cops for road rage.
Other people need to use these washers/dryers
No thank you
Enjoy living alone again
Just try and overtake my hummingbird feeder, I dare you.
Don't Drink All the Fucking Grape Juice
Small telemarketer revenge.
Won't allow the bartender to turn down the jukebox volume.. Okay.. Listen to music you didn't play!
She called it "Poetic Justice"
Stop blocking the door please
This is why you don't argue with me on the internet.
Tiny petty revenge
Do you like spam sir, let me share the joys of marriage!
Tailgater gets some high speed spit
Enjoy your long black coffee with milk
Fine I won’t ware pants to gym class
Stealing her ex
Short and Petty
Spoiled brat roommate, so I booted her car.
Rude hotel customer gets his just reward
Lady bugs
TP'ed a kid's house for pooping behind a climbing wall
Pint of justice served
Bus drivers take their revenge
Take my tires? I take your whole bicycle.
Poop Return
Don't wanna go at a green light? That ain't gonna stop me
Smart teen gets revenge on her deadbeat dad
an anorexic revenge
Dependa's and Parking in Army housing
Beating of a revenge
Advice for slashed tyres
My gf cheat on me after a 4 year relationship..so i tricked her and her boytoy outta the house in the middle of the night and then threw all her shit out and slept unpeacefully
Casually drop dirty kleenex as you leave your car? You're gonna have to handle my phlegm next time you get in.
Annoy me at my favorite movie and then accuse me of being rude? I withhold knowledge!
Berate a Kind Employee? I'll Embarrass You in Front of Children.
Potato Problem
If you're going to litter, try not to litter your old resumé.
Headbutted a cocky prick in the "man"-region
Enforcing Personal Hygiene
Revenge between friends
You get drunk and want to drive then call me short can't find your keys anymore can you
Not good at titles, rude cashier
Thatsa Spicy Encounter
My PickleMy sister won't move so i lay My armpit over her head
I steal the pencils they give out for exams.
Wanna be rude? Okay, won't buy your expensive product
Dear /r/pettyrevenge, I need your help.
Some petty revenge on a teacher... 9 years later.
Try to smash our pumpkin? Have fun tripping on the cement floor.
Threaten me ill get you in more trouble
Try to tourist trap me? I don't think so!
my friend left me out so...
My brother got what he deserved
thats just foul...
Guy made me wait in the cold, I got him in trouble at work
Dunno if this belongs here but fuck it. Last semester (college), I sat next to this girl in one of my classes. Long story short I fucking hated her so on the last day of class before we left I threw a few boogers in her hair and fuckin dipped.
This may get a little weird
the office staff where i work had a meeting about my hand mirror (which i allegedly used too much) so i turned my desk into a mirrorHaving the final say to an insensitive bitch boss
Don't run in front of moving vehicles
RA charges me 25$ for locking myself out of my dorm? Have fun with a “sexual violence” claim that costs you your job and 13,000$
Petty revenge at it's finest!
That's my razor!
The time I got revenge on my rude customers
Being a crazy bitch costs about.... $8000.
Foot on headrest
Brother being an ass? No food 4 u
Think I'm lying about being a black belt? That's fine. ;)
Not a good idea to be rude to an airline staff.
White powder in zip-lock bags?
Petty revenge on an asshole ex
College pranks
Legal Takedown
The $1m cake
Invade my practice spot at school? Get up staged
Natural course of time
Told a Karen of a customer that we were booked even though we aren't. Now her services will expire.
My brother wouldn’t let me use the charger. Little does he know I unplugged it.
The Old Lady upstairs has enlisted the help of her entire family to keep depriving me of sleep. Midnight backyard shenanigans lead to extreme pettiness
Never Steal My Candy Again
Company goes bankrupt, and we can finally avenge ourselves.
I accidentally took revenge on my teacher
Be deadweight on important projects? Get dead grades!
I am the one that filled the neighborhood with woodpeckers X post from r/confession
Posting this here because people on AITA think I suck for this petty revenge
pettyness at its fineetes
Comedic sketch my friends and I made about pretty revenge. Sub if you'd like to see more!
Not a story, need suggestions. Last day at my job is Wednesday, so I wore jeans because my calendar is clear. Boss says I need to still adhere to dress code.
you claim that "we were never friends", but if that were true, I wouldn't know how best to annoy you.
stapling
Monkey see, monkey do
Hair messages in the shower
YOU are the worst teacher.
You're not gonna out-nerd me!
Roommates keep leaving laundry in washer.
He likes to take the first bite out of a meal. I like my custard buns.
So it took a couple years, but I got them.
Girl is a bitch so I take her food off the order at the checkout
Stop screaming at your Xbox
Destin from Smarter Every Day Acting Petty.
Sweet revenge on an asshole cat.
A little email ”error” keeps on giving
Publicly humiliated two big talkers
Is enslaving someone for revenge going too far to qualify as "petty". Well, that's what I did, and I'm glad.
Offer me a lift then say no?
Beats me in smash then tries to humiliate me at school. Prepare to get your ass beaten
Fill up my facebook feed with your nonsense? Get a shit ton of ridiculous and horrible free samples and junk mail you'll hate.
Disney has deep pockets
Wanna rev your supped up truck engine at 11:00pm...
Excessively rude to me? Have fun bagging that order all by yourself
Try to show off to to the whole school and make me look bad? The karma god's hit you hard.
Constantly lock me out, will ya?
Insult my best friend? Let the hate flow through you
Waste 30 seconds of my time? I’ll waste 3 hours of your time.
Can you hear me NOW?!
Bully me? Have fun with a dick on your back.
Wife finds evidence that husband is cheating on her, and posts his text messages on his facebook account.
Make fun of him? Enjoy the bus ride home.
Wont throttle your 20 min download so i can skype my wife, enjoy your 5 hour download.
Take my charger, Have fun cleaning this up
Wake me up 45 minutes early and then rush me, will you?!
How about you buy your extra large condoms from a store where your ex doesn't work?
when a parking ticket means so much more.
"What do I gotta do to get a drink around here" ...not that
Take my planes? Take your time.
No bucket. No 21st present.
No plastic bag for your laptop
Some random guy lost 250+ hours of his life
I won a small victory on my history teacher
Enjoy your handmade gifts
Wherein my friend finds a racist homophobe's iPhone and actually returns it. With a surprise.
Cut in line with your obnoxious kids, let them not eat cake!
School punished introverts for not going to the assembly, so I got 80 kids to boycott the next assembly.
Locker Socker
Be a jerk because it's your daughter's birthday? Well...
My friend force muted me on discord so I did this (this is a recreation thx for u/Timeless_Universe for making this with me I couldn't send a picture here)
Revenge on a rude coach
Hearing him scream was worth it
Thanks for the post-its, bitch.
Keep your gift card, bitch
Shit talk me? Ok, I won't hire you.
Animal shelter diva pisses off wrong person.
I don't know why, but I needed to show him up.
Petty Revenge on lazy Mcdonalds worker.
Good luck sleeping tonight!
Drunkenly yelling at a kid gets you KTFO (Long)
Car alarm for the win
Taught an overly-strict teacher to pick her battles
She was evil so I was too
Not technically revenge, but instant karma for an idiot driver
Christmas revenge upon my mom
Quit on Stalker enablers.
My friend's driving revenge
Your dad said no and you didn't listen? Not if can do anything about it
Littering? NOT IN MY YARD!
Dont pay me for fixing your car and run away? Lets see how you like what I do next when you return
This is petty revenge at its best!
Guys act like assholes, so I steal their dates.
Over step your authority with pre-teen sisters? Be prepared to pay.
Help guys. I gotta get revenge on me mom.
This person sent unsolicited dick pics to my underage cousin.
"Anything else for you today?"
Don't respond to my pleasantries? I'll show you!
Phyco ex girlfriend gets hold of personal information and starts to broadcast it on facebook. Too bad I kicked her in the gut on her own page.
Go back on our arrangement? Fine, we’ll call you on your shit
Act like a jerk, enjoy your misspelled name.
The worst a brother can do.
Driving in the wrong lane
You followed the recipe, and it still tastes different? How strange!
My cat scratched me
Slack off at work and leave early all the time? I will fuck up your Halloween costume.
My crush got yeeted
The dryer thief
Cheat on me ! Get dumped literally !
Getting what she deserves.
Problem solved with “That’s the last time you’ll fucking grab me” and finished with a punch to the eye.
My tech teacher is an asshole
My bosses are obsessed with telling us to be quiet even though we sit in silence 99% of the time working. Because of this everything i say i say loudly.
Tales from retail
my news paper disappearing
Be an impatient little prick? Enjoy your 10 second wait!
My girlfriend is not to be messed with.
Refuse to pay me for a translation of your CV and motivation letter? Perhaps you should have censored some personal information.
Just some PETTY REVENGE on my friend in 4th grade
Don’t wanna let me use the elevator? Enjoy having your career DESTROYED
Roommate thought my groceries were for communal use...they're not
Sure, I'll clean the bathroom
My roommate said he better not hear my alarm clock go off at 4am on a Saturday, so I set it for 3:59. That lucky eastward doesn't have to be at work until 9.
Cousins got what they deserved after running and letting me behind with the dog
Wanna be an ass? Ok, I’ll be an ass and you won’t know.
Is It Hot Enough Now
School Snatcher
If your gonna ask, ask nicely.
Do your job? Sure!
Since I can't tell which clothes are mine, I'll just take yours too.
Dirty roommates suck.
Waiter chases us down after leaving a single penny for tip
An ageist boss tried to fire old employees
Not mine, found on Facebook: “As many people have heard, I was asked to go to a private room to nurse Jed while at Jump’n Jacks yesterday.
Reverse r/pettyrevenge
Room mate drank my beer
Spy Games, or how we beat conniving lady at her own game
I waste somebody’s time on a logic question
I'm the trash bandit.
TYPO
Better to be pissed off than pissed on!
Sneaky neighbor puts up a fence on new homeowner's property.
If You're Going to Ghost a Candidate, Don't Leave Your Calendly Link!
Spread a rumor that I'm cheating? I'll make sure your mom knows you're the school drug dealer.
#5)LEGALIZAR EL NARCOTRAFICO EN TODA LA TIERRA ES LA MEJOR Y UNICA SOLUC...
Is that heavy bitch?
My room mate is a pretentious piece of shit, and I want to make his room smell bad in an untraceable way.
MY SISTER WONT BE SMOKING CIGARETTES TODAY😁😁
This literally just happened 5 minutes ago, I'm still laughing my ass off!
Teacher gets insulting end of year gift after hating on a low developed child
XBox Karma
No bowls? No water for you
(Minecraft Revenge) Try to steal all my stuff from me? How about a "no u" and an IP ban.
Would have let you merge if you weren't a dick!
Play loud music late at night? Enjoy your carsicle
A girl that had enough!
Mean teacher wouldn't let student use the bathroom. Essentially gets puked on.
Bitch about me behind my back? Enjoy the shits
Send me a dick pic? Enjoy a meme spam.
Sorry, the banks are closed on Sundays.
A charger causes a perfect story.
Stolen Parking Spot
Best ideas for revenge
Super rude American princess on tour of 16th century Spanish castle tried to make tour all about her... I stood in every photo her and her boyfriend took.
Obnoxiously loud music? Find another place to park.
Tailgating cops
How my mom made an asshole drive to another state for 12 weeks in a row.
Cut me off when I'm on a motorcycle, will you?
My grass wont get cut because of the neighbour who wont move his car
Big Bully Gets his phone blocked
Crossing that Line
Don't screw with people who handle your food... Why is this a difficult concept?
Cheating ex gets what she deserves... nothing
Pay your own utility bills, Mr. Jones.
Tramps don't get video games: How my self-serving thief sister got served.
Roommate is frequently rude, loud, let’s her cat shit on the floor. I set a schedule on the router to shut her internet off in random intervals.
Turned the tables on someone who attempted to hijack my Netflix (and may continue to do so)
A quintessentially british queueing revenge story “Standing in Line” - (not my story)
Girls try to set up my Step-Daughter, I get them kicked out of their apartment and kicked out of college.
Yet another entitled tail-gater story
kindergarten revenge
Hope your insurance covers shopping carts.
Taking up space and you ruined my beer!!
Tell me I can't get into the club without heels on?
My roommate NEVER does his dishes.
Be mean, don't get your fries
Stop my laundry? I stop yours.
I hated green duck shit on my course when I was a lad
Someone tried scamming me.
Made the company who issued me a wrong parking ticket apologise
Disregard the hours of the laundry room? Enjoy your massive sock budget.
Forcing me to drink even when I said no? Fine, I’ll spill the cup of expensive alcohol you just poured for me.
Tattle on me for accidentally saving you a dollar? I'll treat you like the rat you are.
Borrow my pen, you'll learn not to bite it.
Revenge on neibour.
Teaching HOA to stop telling non members how to live.
Damn your peninsula.
I think that's the last time he'll ask for a ride
Turn down your music.
Treat a vet like crap, enjoy missing lunch!
Fat Shamed and Humiliated By Rich Kids and Their Mum. Gets Satisfying Revenge
Stuck it to the man
A friend got sick of constant fake tech support calls, so he pissed them off in the best way possible
Petty revenge as a cashier
Wake me up every night? I'm going to make it so you can't breath the air we live in.
I recorded bully on my phone
Cross my lawn to save 15ft of walking? I guess I won't warn you about the dog poo right in your path, then.
Petty email revenge on 2 fronts
EP gets laughed at at 30,000ft
5 inches is not enough space
Unto others as you'd have done to you!
My Dad keeps my bedsheets in his bedroom. I need them at 2am.
Friend starts talking to abusive ex.
Cut me off parking? Enjoy your ticket.
Welcome to Ketchupland party of 1
Gummy package
I'm raising a monster
You wanna be a dick to me and my friend? Okay, have fun remaking every character you entrust me with.
Made my pick up artist (ex) boyfriend regret our breakup and ruined one of his fave foods for him
If you can't accelerate, don't tailgate
Sorry, ma'am. We're fresh out of Patti Platypus.
You don't know where his mouth has been
Friends Grandfather, in a fit of rage, smashes a lamp in front of an old lady to teach her a lesson.
The F-Virus
Won’t lend me the tv you’ve had all day with 2 hours notice? Ok, then you can leave now
Try to sneak into my apartment complex? Enjoy the damage to your F350.
Take my money, Alright you can have it.
I pooped in my friend's salad
I made a women who grabbed me in anger, cry.
I spit in my cats Fancy Feast because he pissed all over my bed
"That's a nice shave there"
Petty Revenge On Idiot Scam Callers That Waste My Time
Young punk with big mouth has bad (and stinky) day.Grandma gets revenge on my dad
My ignorant "teacher"
How's that for sweet and sour?!
How to stop your co-worker from cruising for hookers.
Lady Chose the Wrong Day to Road Rage with Me
Oh, you mean sand doesn't improve your BBQ? *oops*
Anyone have ideas on how to do subtle revenge while annoying the crap out of someone?
Stupid Sis
The king of tides
I have a drunken roommate and made sure he has no more accommodation.
Steal my parking space and give me the fingerPurple crayoned walls, toothpasted carpet and a shit behind the sofa.
After nasty breakup, sending/hand delivering ex's abortion papers/meds/sonogram to her ultra-conservative, right wing, Christian father.
What the Hail?!
Take my money? I'll take your playstation account.
Your room will look a bit less "pretty" with my crumpled art project.
Petty Revenge at Daycare
Dont be an asshole driver
Friend gets kicked out for trying to ruin my birthday
(Reposted By Requests) Wanna torture Van Dwellers? Ok I got u
Don't yell at the person at the pizza place.
A quarter well spent...
The Stink Bug Revenge
Clean up 45 mins early? You can clean up my sandwich too.
poured chocolate milk in some womans car aircon in the middle of summer.
Cheat on me, I'll fuck with your grammar.
People wants to take advantage of my age and 'get' free alcohol. Hah enjoy paying 95$ ekstra.
Coffee meets Toast
Report me even though I apologized? I make YOU sorry.
You did not just do that.
Help me get my kid sister's roommate
Somewhat shameful revenge on someone with a mental disability.
Last year all I got were gift cards
Take advantage of my kindness? Lose your job.
Old friend got free food from me then is rude
Drunken woman berates me for helping
How a scammer gave back my money
Bitch Alpha-mum meets bitch 7-year-old me head on.
Just a terrible person
Open my package for me, hmm?
Bring Randos into our hotel room we payed for? Enjoy your trip!
Apartment Laundry Revenge
Roommate's last petty revenge against me
The awful roommate from Craigslist...
I Left A Bad Review for our Mean Boss
Flustered
Inconsiderate driver learns lesson in car parking.
Revenge at indoor soccer.
a smelly revenge
On the first day of august my neighbor gave to me: tennis balls in a dryer machine
Call me out on being a failure? Watch me do this perfectly
Try to take my shits at work, how about you get fired.
Revenge is a Dish Best Not Served to You
Can't be bothered to down volume on your computer? Then I can't be bothered to tell you that email doesn't REALLY get you naked pictures of Anna Kournikova
Your parents ruined you for society.
Yell at us for ten minutes and then have a bunch of packages to ship? That mistake is gonna cost you.So there’s this guy on Xbox who is calling ppl the n word called FreShuVacaDo, can y’all message him this as vengeance?
When I used to work fast food, if someone asked for "like" 5 packets of salsa, I intentionally gave them 4 or 6
Should have waited.
Store clerk gets her way
Ex Co-worker plays stupid games, wins stupid prizes
Won't show me your Gameboy? Cool.
If you're gonna be a dick, make sure you're the biggest dick around.
Renege once the job's done? Prepare for your just desserts...
Nasty treasure for a porch pirate
Parking lot drunk driver gets owned after crash into my car
ED waiting times may be longer if you're a D*ck
Don't F*ck with hotel workers
You can trash your body but not the environment.
Forced cyclist to be more green
Retract your bid? You won’t win the other one.
A tale of betrayal and revenge
Got 3 of my asshole classmates in trouble
Revenge on a YouTube Stalker
Little Shit Who Thinks He’s Too Cool For Me Almost Gets His Leg Broken
I bought fuckcomcast.net just to change my Comcast account email address for when I speak to customer service. Which is frequent.
rubbed my friend's toothbrush in my ass because he was an asshole
Vandal gets their just desserts
Secret fax
Changed my ex-bf’s resume description to be more suiting and honest.
Not so tough now - one for the motorcyclists
Talk shit having never met me? I'll get to know you.
Impatient? In a hurry? Let's take it easy!
The time I popped someone’s dryer in a shared laundry facility.
I could get my teacher fired.
The Furious Racer (Been saving this for my First cake day!!!)
Help this guy get back at his ex?
A pretty petty petty-revenge.
Loud Neighbors
I got me frozen yogurt, dammit!
Keeping me awake? Have some lag.
My roommate likes to have loud sex.  I take the pettiest of revenge.
Dealing with terrible bosses
Or you could just try this
I moved my Dad’s stuff around for years.
Guy steals my speaker regrets life decisions
Revenge is best served all at once
Stop putting knives in the sink!
Hammurabi would be proud
It rubs the lotion on its... pants?
Interfering brother in law misses out on annual Christmas tradition
I will make you so uncomfortable Stepfather hahaha
Petty gas station revenge
Treated like a child, acted appropriately.
Revenge Against an Abusive Uncle
Yell at me for doing extras, enjoy dealing with activation lock
Scam Caller
I make games. Yesterday, I was threatened with a lawsuit via youtube comment. He was serious, so I took him seriously.
Never...ever assume anything
Want to beat us up ? Well, good luck going home from church !
I've been spamming my old friend on facebook because she left without saying goodbye
Dutch Oven!
Don't call me and try to sell me an alarm system
Stewardess messes with the wrong person
Lie to your students? No cake for you!
petty work revenge
Loud teens in movie get what they deserve
How I fatten up the mean boss
Drive behind me with your high beams on? Enjoy traveling at 20 miles per hour.
My neighbors who don't "celebrate Halloween"
You might want to think things through before you embarrass me in a large auditorium
I'll give you the one you opened.
She brought the Deviled out of me.
Revenge on the woman who made my life a living hell.
You cheat on me, I'll get you expelled from law school
Break Up A Marriage and Treat Your Step-Kids Like Shit?
Bank pettiness galore!
Let your kids run around and shout in the art store? I'll make a new friend and make you late for your manicure in the process.
Cut me off walking
Excuse me doesn't count when you're already trying to shove me out of the way
Craziest Most Petty Revenge Ever
Neighbours call the fire department on my fire so I have two more
I hit a bully in the head (posting again cuz the previous one didnt post or whatever)
Revenge Is A Dish Best Shaved Cold.
"That's part of life."
i got nasty revenge on my narcissistic, entitled father with no remorse.
Recline your seat fully will you? No thanks.
The day my asshole neighbors learned not to fuck with me
Old lady wouldnt give me a sigarett.
Gave one of AKs books a makeover, a friend hacked his bad grades, and I stole his bad test scores
To the cops who ticketed me going a normal speed down the NJ Turnpike... hope you like traffic jams
How to deal with shitty housemates
I tried to be nice...
If you need to drop off a prescription, stay in that line
Mother of the groom tries to upstage the bride, bride decides to make the first move.
Pretzels
Ruin stuff I paid for? Back at you?
Kermit is a pretty cool guy.
Its a Circle
Want to write me up for not following rules? No problem! We will follow ALL the rules!
Don't give me your hot wheels, I will make you unable to give hot wheels.
Old man gets served…
Petty McDonald’s revenge
Treat your coworkers as if they're below you? Don't let the door hit you on the way out.
One-upping southern mommas.
Bully me? There's a chocolate surprise in your shoes.
My bad, I found the woman who tried to seduce my partner on a website.
No HD for you!
You want to throw your nasty uneaten food in the sink for me to deal with? Ha.
Don't do your dishes? Good luck enjoying your favorite show.
How I ended my first major relationship
The REAL way to respond to unsolicited dick pics
Hot sauce punishment
Have my personal phone number listed for my retail store.
MY 2¢
Don't park so close to me.
Enjoy your golf game
Petty revenge strategy needed
You hate me. I’ll fail you.
The girls with the boom box
My pettiest breakup
You park in the wrong spot? Enjoy your water spots.
"You should die"
I GOT MY "FRIEND" IN THE SAME TROUBLE 3 TIMES AND SHE SILL DID IT$200 apartment fine, I'll get mine
Block my car once, shame on you. Block my car twice... thrice... You're never moving again.
Verbally abuse me based on my appearance, get fined by the cops.
Hide my electronics, I hide ur M.K. purse
The elastic incident
"Don't downvote this! Downvoting's mean!"
Send it tonight!!!
The most petty revenge can get. Enjoy your desk.
My son was being harassed by some dough at school. When my son defended himself by clocking the douche in the face, the dad of the kid who harassed my son was being completely unreasonable, saying that it was my kids fault. In revenue, I signed his email up for 4 gay porn magazines.
My 11 year old self
Can you guys and gals help me get some pettyrevenge?
Petty revenge ideas?
They tried to keep me from playing Runescape, so I kept them from playing
Playing with the Devil’s Advocate
Guys threaten to kick my ass, so I steal their dates for the night.
We can be passive aggressive too
Don't fuck with the scheduler.
Friend's revenge to a mean driver's ed teacher
Not everything in the house belongs to you. Personal Rule 1: Don't fuck with me or my stuff.
Petty White
Try to tell me what to do in my own house?
Pretended like I (17 f) ate my sister’s (20 f) last cupcake on purpose? (TLDR at bottom)
Be A Slob? Enjoy Manual Labor All Weekend
If you treat your ducky badly it'll run away...
Apartment parking space revenge
Are your really stealing my cigarette butts? I'll go ahead and do us both a favor.
Manhandling meat
Petty Revenge So What...
Don't piss of the sound guy
I quit my horrible job... but didn't bother to tell anyone
better than a refund
Fighting my bully
Forgetting to put the toilet seat down
Boxing up ex’s papers.
Pussy served.
It wasn't intentional, but it was a good addition
5th Grade Revenge on a prick
I locked your door for you
Spill my coffee will you
Coupon validity is dependent on customer attitude
The pettiest of revenge on my girlfriend.
Pick fights because I'm pregnant, I'll spoil your favorite series finale
So you hate the word moist?
Gotta do your best with what you got!
Bully my Bullies!!
My petty revenge on SnapChat
Sending racist emails? I will reply by filling your inbox with some cultural diversity.
Unnecessary Slowness
Revenge is indeed a dish best served cold
Take that, milk thief!
Passive aggressive response to bad parenting
lol
take away my phone? have fun waking up at 6:00!
Turning off lights too difficult for you? I'll help.
You want a table to sit and eat at? NOPE.
Now who's King of the grapes?
I voted.
I threw away my brothers $200 shoes and hid the tv remote from him
Some moms are the worst.
No one likes a tailgater
Want to be a petty, passive-aggressive twat? sure! it will cost you your job.
No Bonus? No problem.
Kids in Cub Scouts say I'm too scared of a forest but then get pranked.
Don't like my music? Oops my phone just ran out of battery
Wrote a hidden obscenity in a stupid goodbye letter and sabotaged expensive homebrew beer.
Ok boomer
Who messed up your sign, bro?
Please don't marry her!
Bully me? Alright I'll make you run for you life.
Okay so I’m plotting on something
I got revenge on a stupid teacher
Last day school revenge
I saw that, Captain Douche, and I won't stand for it.
I hate my vegan roommates. Cue pouring dairy milk into their almond milk.
Parking Spot War
Want me to refill the water pitcher? Ok!!
Watering the neighbor's deck all night long
Take my food i burn your mouth 😂
Denied sale to a racist.
Somebody Sideswipes my Daughter's Car; I go full CSI
Pedo vs the police
Oh no, THANK YOU
Another use for that wonderful invention, Saran Wrap!
Rowdy parents get what they deserve, shhhh!
Rude Customer at Domino's
The Ultimate Model UN RevengeCrazy high office manager
Drive like a total douche and get the full power of my minimal wrath
Cheat, then offend me, Good luck passing
Horrible Bosses And Just Desserts
Customer made me stretch for the money. So I returned the favour.
Ghost me after messing me around and making me lose out on another possible sale.
Super Petty Sandwich/Hamburger revenge!
Abandoned in a foreign country? Good!
Being Cheap is Expensive
Reddit, tell me about your awesome revenge stories!
Secret Santa brings only vengeance!
Oh, am I in your way?
Played loud creepy laughing at annoying people
The sister who cried wolf
Waste my time? Enjoy looking at two unnecessary photos!
I redid a project, without my teammates
Say my name!
My car is JUST small enough to teach this lady not to take up two spots
Responding to a text four years later.
I don't work here but I'll be glad to 'help' you :)
Don’t like my dog? How about 5k+ littering fine?
Want my personal details? No, and that just cost you 46c.
Racist neighbor moves out...finally
I hope being a huge asshole was worth the money. :)
I don't like you smoking and now we're all liars.
I Took His Crush
Two Sides to one Petty Story
Park Your Car In Front Of My House When Your Driveway Is Open? Enjoy Cleaning Trash Out Of Your Car
She wanted me to give her kid some candy, so I gave them a wrapper.
Tale of Three Inches
Teen aged son sneaking out of the house? Welcome to the world of booby traps.
My dad's snowy mountain road rage story.
Cross post from AITA. I painted my pool green and upset my neighbour totally by accident.
Heh. Sorry about your shirt.
Concert Revenge
When you think I don't know
Have a nice chill
I bet he misses me now I’m gone..
Park on my place space? Keep looking.
Wheely chair revenge
You can mess with me but don't include the parents!
No end spamming.
High school ex decided to spread false rumours about me to ruin my reputation, I retaliated with the truth.
Threaten to shoot us up? Have fun losing service repeatedly.
Racist? Good luck getting your money
Revenge on an undeserved fine.
Revenge on a Teacher
You mess up my floor? I mop your shoes.
I made the class laugh at someone who tried calling me dumb.
Go get gas at another one of the empty pumps crazy people!
Revenge Against a Rager in League of Legends
You don't want to help when you're asked? Then I guess you don't want to help with placing figures either...
Girl's dog shit in my yard one too many times
Tickle Attack!
A Trampoline and a Homicide
6th Grade Revenge.
Stole the toilet brush
Owner of company freaks out when employee quits, gets what he deserves.
Plus interest
P L E A S E H E L P
You think you can spoil Breaking Bad for me? Well, fuck you!
I hope you lose it.
Need help on an idea to stick it to my horrible neighbor
Customer inconveniences us at close to closing time, I inconvenience his night out.
Don't mess with a videogamer
This kid from Serbia hacked my Rockstar Social Club Account. He also left his Facebook account and Gmail linked to it. Any ideas on a way to teach this kid to stop hacking into peoples accounts?
I convinced my mom her cable box was broken - twice
Sometimes all need is a little shame
Nudes on petty levels and all cash app ready
Leave a mess in my store? No...no you don't.
Some guy spoiled the Red Wedding for me. Two years later, I got my revenge. (Post contains spoilers for Game for Thrones)
Pull into the high flow diesel island just to run into the store? Fine by me, but you're gonna wait.
Line took way too long at Arby's so I got them good
The Age of the Tyrannical Manager of Taco Bell has Gone on Long Enough
Calling out a hypoctire
Wanna insult me on Black Friday? Sure! Gtfo and have a great day!
Petty revenge on bad service
Steal My Shit At Work...Okay I’ll Steal Your Job From You.
Cut me off.. then I won't hold the elevator
Two years earlier I made a post here. As of yesterday I have declared war on my neighbors again.
I need advice on what Petty thing to do on my last day
Sometimes traffic signals exact revenge for you
Rude to tech support? Enjoy spelling your password.
road rage vs road rage
Gonna tell me you're glad my mom died? Hope you're okay with everyone knowing you're trash.
Tell me I am a replaceable employee after a decade of employ.
Glare at me? I'll make you out to be an asshole.
What time is it?
throw away my plants? your ring will go missing.
Revenge on neighbor that makes me end up in the ER all the time.
Be an ass, then you get to talk to property management.
Patience by the plateful.
Sexually Assault Girls? Well now lose the ability to ever do it!
Call me a dog? Avoid getting punished
Rush in without an "Excuse me"? Ok, buddy.
Never yell at me in front of my customers
The time I socked my school bus bully in the jaw
Grandpa don't play that.
Students are powerless? What? Well, there's exceptions to every rule.
Hacking people’s eBay? Enjoy some poop.
Something petty against neighbors?
Don´t drive and act like an asshole!
Can we get a tags for short, medium and long posts like at TIFU? I think it would be useful.
Waiter/Server Petty Revenge
Sorry for this
Eggs and cream
Freshman Roommate
Asshole Wagon v Super Wagon
You're in no position, lady.
My upstairs neighbors freshman year.
Probably shouldn't order dominos pizza in NYC
My Kinder Evil teacher bullied me, taste my pounded waffle/soda mix
lord ganpati
Entitled a$$hole parks in disabled bay (NSFW)
Honking at a green light
I did not need it last time!
Petty revenge, military edition
Enjoy your jungle of a garden!
Constantly showing off at the piano? You aren't the only one who plays...
Steal my work lunch and eat it every day? Enjoy my secret ingredient.
I'm gay. I had an older, extremely homophobic coworker, and it sucked to even be around him even though he didn't know. But I fucking got him and made his life miserable.
Enjoy your slightly damp socks
Feel the need to blast your crappy music 24/7 and crank it when I ask you nicely to turn it down? Enjoy my music 10x louder every time you have a gathering.
Unintentionally owned my middle school bully
Poor Tippers
No Water for You!
Teaching my little cousin a lesson.
My adventure with the Microsoft Scammer Man
Snoop through my notes? Enjoy reading about yourself.
Sorry, roommate dearest
Nudge me with your trolly will you...
Asshole Employee “bumps in” to me so I bring him and the WiFi down
Try to keep me from going to the bathroom? Okay, then.
Brat messes with my food!
Give your story a title like this? Enjoy me not reading it.
Don’t want to help me on a school project? Guess you’ll be failing the subject.
Sexually harass me, I'll embarrass you in front of your girlfriend.
Don’t Pee in My Truck
I'm changing my Netflix password.
The Jewish Chabad House of Puerto Rico had cleaning staff working on Christmas Day at minimum wage. So I broke their donation button.
Run an awful online class? Let me tell you about every problem I encounter.
Reverse bad parking revenge
Delivery Driver Dismay
Childhood best friend steals dad’s money, blames it on me years later
Petty revenge on a fast food worker for fat joke
My Brother wasn’t nice so he couldn’t see the time!
You will never find succesnummer public school your too dumb.
Skiddo Skiddae You spilled Hand Sanitizer on me today? I wont let you and your friends into the store with me!
A really scammy company pays double.
You wake me up, I'll wake you up.
I was FB hacked by the self-proclaimed bopoger Todd_Brinkmeyer...
Cut the line for Iron Man 3? Enjoy watching it in the first row.
I delete his recorded shows
Nobody liked our new manager, so we got him “demoted” and transferred.
I hope you enjoy your elevator ride.
Ex SERIOUSLY fucked me over
Annoy me for the last week? I don't set my status.
Accidental revenge on my mom
Too Fat to be the Protagonist? I'll be the villain, then.
won't take me off your robo-call list, ok then, tu habla Español?
Another Dog Revenge
I see your impatient little face.
Dont eat my food!!!!
Unprotected tv? The perfect revenge
Revenge on a roommate who would hoard my dishes in his room.
Sent my nudes to my mother? Enjoy having the screenshots sent to your 'fiancée'
Want to be dismissive and make smart comments to a tenant - smell poop
The last word to a scummy POS
Here, have some free jelly!
Got banned from subreddits for stupid reasons.
Enjoy your parking ticket asshole
Enjoy your wall aisle, rude woman
Beyond petty at Shake's ice cream
The sweet smell of revenge
Geeeeet dunked on (not literally)
My dad taught me how to deal with people that steal your parking spot
Frozen pizza rolls for Batty Bunk.
Back to the Bank
Enjoy your naked bagel, TODDLER.
Gesturing while I take your order? Lemme drop your debit card underneath your car in our enclosed drive-thru...
Pootty revenge
Exposing People That Give You STDs
Stopped me from going to the toilet? Face my puke wrath.
Mom and child get there’s
A Story From the 1950s.
Revenge on credit rating fuckers
Did she close the gate?
I now respond to this person as often as I can
F tries to bulky me, gets KARMA
Pettiness made her fat?
Karma and I Went Cobra Commander on my shitty coworker
Karen's mother finding out that Trump lost
petty revenge on unprofessional leasing agent
My brothers ex got what she deserved.
Growl at me when I'm nice to you and you may not find your food as fulfilling for one week
Don't lie to me about my internet speed, jerk!
I won the breakup over a phone
Take the long way home
Ruin ex wife's wedding
Be a bitch to me at work? I'll flick boogers into your cubicle.
Aunt Tries to Steal Kid, Total Freeze Out
Hacked at school
Park like an idiot, enjoy the early wake up.
Petty Facebooking revenge of a complete stranger
You won’t pay 4 dollars for soap? Ok, everything I bought is mine.
Try to do the "Microsoft Technical Support" scam on somebody that repairs computers for a living?
Using me for a shortcut? Have fun getting out of the thorns!
The final farewell
Petty banana
Don't be rude to the cashier if you go to that store everyday
Karma's a... birch?
Oh you're in a hurry? Sorry 'bout that. Time for me to buy lottery tickets!
Screw our hands? Well, screw your eyes!
Petty Padlock
Gaslighting a Gaslighter
Sweet roommate revenge. This one actually got me on CollegeHumor's Roommate confessions. I'll just Copypasta from there.
Childish Petty Revenge
The bully meets my little sister.
Manager won't help out, got to enjoy doing it all himself!
Was I bad to get some satisfaction....
Have fun with no dishes.
Cheat on me? Guess I'll burn your house down.
Room mate that refused to empty the bins? Time for a treasure hunt.
Drive me out of my home? Have fun getting up at 5am
Welcome to Walmart...
Cat revenge.
Anybody have any hood revenge ideas for somebody who lives states away?
Receiving end of petty revenge
I Am White Power Being As Racist As Possible On Social Media Is Petty Revenge For What I'd Really Like To Do With Black Power
Large Sweet Tea and Suck my Mickey D.
A cursed handover to a terrible boss
Play loud music, lose your lunch.
High school petty revenge
Revenge on a thot.
Kid who abused cat got messed up on every social media.
Wanna be racist? Then we'll be messy.
Paid my stop sign ticket by check(s)
Stayed a while in the bathroom to piss off a shitty roommate, and let her smell the horrible smells I created in there
Yesterday, instead of saying "have a great weekend," I told an argumentative customer to "have a good evening."
Elevator revenhe
The best revenge is when the bully brings it on himself in some way, don't you agree?
Condescending bus driver got what was coming
Steal from the garden? Here, I brought you dinner!
So I'm the weak link?
I Took HL Physics, I Know Better!
It was Super Bowl Sunday 1990 – Pay Back Time
Dormitory laundry room revenge (x-post from comments)
Kick... Kiiiiick...(sort of NSFW)
Today the universe provided petty revenge before I could even plot my own
Waste my time with "prizes"?
Petty act towards a content stealing redditor
I once vomited on the floor in class in retaliation against the substitute
Steal my rent money? I'll make sure you pay
Ha godeem
This is mine now.
100 keys one phone number
My two year long awaited revenge.
Because you honked and sped past.
Glued bully to seat
Exclude me from the family trip? Enjoy the photos.
kicking someone out of the family
Racist asshole
Was it worth the time you saved j-walking?
6-year old vengeance
Just another uber
Thanks for paying for my Hulu that I don’t use
Ramming into a fat lady while go karting
The pettiest of all petty revenges, she never saw it coming!
Get your own goddamn juice.
My best friend's revenge.
Evil teacher
Wheres Your Book Gone?
All your milk are belong to us
Take 3 weeks to cash my check? Have fun waiting til the 1st
Girl tries to screw me over in a group project, I ruin her grade in the subject she loves the most
Poor internet for passive aggressive man-child
Its just a gate...
Ditch me on NYE? No pizza for you!
My dad steals 100 spoons from a Wendy’s.
When keeping it real goes right
Keep us up on a Monday night? We'll ruin your party.
Cashier Got Me Good
Clean the french press!!!!
Don't repeatedly stiff the pizza delivery guy
Worth $20? A full tank of gas...
People reselling tickets to a free concert for a huge profit. I waste their time.
Petty revenge on a bird
The Dongle (x-post from prorevenge)
Help! I need advice on how to pettyrevenge.
Make my armpits cry? Your butcheeks get the same treatment
"Have a Great Day!"
Checkmate, mate!
How to deal with abusive and manipulative sociopaths.
petty revenge on loud upstairs neighbors
Getting justice for my milk
Car radios and car alarms
File a safety violation to be petty? I too am also petty.
My bully thought she could spread rumors about me and then ask for my help
work acceptable pettyness
Someone got into my Spotify account so I played them a few songs.
Make me wait to talk to you? I'll double the time it takes for you to talk to me.
You and your friends are going to annoy me and throw stuff at me while I am silently playing videogames? You messed with the wrong person.
Give me shit about the work I do, enjoy sporadic internet access
I drive old cop car- scare a speeding asshole on the highway
When my wife fucks me off, I tighten all the jar lids in our kitchen cupboard before i go to work.
need help!
revenge on a crooked computer shop
Up a Creek Without a Towel
Is this technically revenge porn?
Careful. I've ot teenage kids.
Old women is a bitch to me so I’m a bitch back
Hi reddit need help
Kit-kat (Augustus Gloop) my roommate and cancelled Disney ticket
My Dad annoyed me, I put bread in the garden
Rude campers get rude awakening
Oh, you “love” me? That’s a waste of time
Last night a DJ screwed with Brad
If you can't beat them, one up them.
College Roommate Petty War
Don't mess with people who have Nextel
Pick on me when I was young.
Thief should’ve just given back my clothes I lent her
Student messes up my work and ruins his own gradeFuck with me, sure, fuck with my friends? Now you’re gonna get it
Not so petty bus journey revenge.
A Trolley Boys Petty Revenge
10 years later and she still hates me
Asshole Roommate forced to move out
Little Brother Being a Butthole, I Buy a Loud Vacuum
Nope. Not brake checkin you.
Annoying cousins pushed me too far
flowers and sand
What goes around comes around, motherfucker
Professional Revenge Service
Girl Guide Camp
I wait 30 minutes at a fast food joint so I eat like a pig
Drunk guy gets 3 hours worth of trainriding extra and a fine
Great Grandfather humiliates two high schoolers fighting
Miss Me When I'm Gone!
A simple mix-up
I purposely got my brother (M11) banned on CS:GO because he won’t stop yelling and being annoying, as well as playing on my steam account
Substitute Teacher Sanity Test: Part I
"Anything BUT the earliest flight.."
Revenge on bitchy waitress.
Cheaters justice.
Pretend to be handicapped? I'll make you handicapped.
Petty Roommate fails (1)
Keep trying to "help" after you've been told it wasn't needed? Maybe you need some "help" yourself.
Sell me a car where the clock doesn’t work right after overselling the vehicle? Fine, I’ll make you fix the $2000 radio where the clock is at no cost to me - and I’ll put over 1k miles on one of your brand new cars.
Lock us out of the van? Hope you don’t like comfort.
You wanna cheat on me with your girlfriends? Have fun keeping one!
Keep throwing snow onto my car after getting it all off? Have fun doing my yard for me!
Scammer changed my bank e-mail - I didn't know...
Sweet sound of silence.
Tried to be polite
Throw ranch carrots at me and mess up my hair? I’ll wreck your whole hoodie.
Park your Uber car in my paid spot on Saturday night? Have fun Sunday morning.
The time I violated the Geneva Convention
Playing Chicken in a Forklift
What does OP stand for?
My mom takes my Xbox I make it useless
Wake me up early on a snowy morning with your 4-wheeler, will ya?
Leave tools around and you loose you'll privileges
i threw an acorn at my enemy
Wake me up on a Sunday morning, I get you, noisy neighbor, busted for driving offenses
Lady is trying to fire me, so I’m going to spam her.
Smellyrella
Fear of Ducks
Spoiled Brat Finally Doesn't Get What He Wants For Once
When you rip off the only kid in the neighborhood willing to do your yard work
Throw my basketball on roof
My cousin deleted my comment, I deleted her off my Facebook. But wait, there's more...
Split up our group? Enjoy your break erasing permanent marker
Just a small revenge in a restaurant with a party of 15 and horrible little children, and worse adults.
Don't piss your make-up artist off right before your wedding photoshoot
Messing with my crazy ex girlfriend
Stranger put an ice cube down my pants at the club...
Eating crunchy snacks while I'm trying to concentrate? Hell no.
Very petty revenge on my mum
2 girls were mean to me at a bar. Friend gets petty(?) revenge.
Housemate who lives above me won't let me sleep. Guess he'll just wake up with me every morning.
Just a little small talk
No sleep for you. No wakefulness, either.
Mark me absent? Suffer my cowbell playing.
Karen complains about how expensive her fancied up coffee is? Here, pay more!!
You want to be a disrespectful, self centered Douchbag? Enjoy your language barrier.
My Bitchy mom gets what she deserves.
The pettiest revenge I've ever gotten
I don't wanna grow up...
Revenge is a dish best served...as pie
I call it the "Stupid Tax"
Saw a post that I didn't like.  So I downvoted it.
Petty revenge against a bread company
How to get revenge on Facebook marketplace time wasters
I hope you like tiny chips.
This guy has wrecked the perfect revenge on some loud people having a business meeting in a coffeeshop
Drop the sandwich I lovingly made for you?!
Wanna send your entire loyal fanbase to attack me? Say goodbye to your account with 40k+ followers. (And your alt with 8k+!!!)
Ugh, they made me do it...
I got annoyed at another redditor and downvoted everything he's ever posted.
Birds and reptile books together = angry boss
Thanks for reminding me!
Asshole friend will never pickup a girl again
I need to (legally) get some sort of vengeance on this guy
50 lbs. of messy revenge on terrible customers
After Being harassed for too long I finally got him back.
The disadvantages of using someone else's Netflix
Being a b*tch?. Have fun with gacha heat. TW!
Don't flip someone off unless you know who they are.
You don’t have to move and let me inside my work, but the store won’t open until you do
So I can’t waste milk... but you can?
Phobic brother
I will shame you with my stare
Lazy roommate is also an idiot
Please help me get revenge.
A small story from my elementary days
Revege via Smooches
You hit me.
My friend stole our toxic friends crush
Cut me off? I'll make you wait a minute longer.
I got some payback on my sister who loves to dirty things I just cleaned
A quick one.
Rude and Racist tourist gets kicked out of the train
Take Advantage of A Drunk Girl? Herpes Scare
Seek and you shall find. And if you find it I'll hide it again.
My neighbour, "Maxine," in an apartment building, and the varied forms of petty revenge I take on her
Guy builds a giant statue to give his entire town the middle finger
I bought cookies for everyone...except her
Screwing my competitive friend over in Steam Summer Sale
Quick shower? Never mind.
Call me lazy in front of customers?! I make you work.
Fire me then try not to pay unemployment? Nope.
You need to catch up!
I peed in my dad’s car to get back on him
Be rude? Don't expect me to help you.
I got a girl's full paid volleyball scholarship revoked for calling me a "bitch ass beaner"
Petty name-calling.
Since we are talking about misspelling names. Here's my story.
Wrongfully getting booted in Among Us
Rude guy cuts me off at the grocery self-checkout. Forgets his purchase because he was on the phone. I didn’t tell him.
I dare you to click that mouse again.
Revenge against my bridesmaids: the loooong game 😈
Why a re laxative revenge schemes so popular?
Don't Even Bother Trying
Don't attempt to steal our strawberries.
I hate my job.
Play stupid games win stupid prizes.
You spoil the ending of a show and I do too.
Kitty revenge
Hassle me again, motherfucker.
Pissing Off some Sore... Winners?
Want to drive right up my rear whilst speeding? THEN try and undertake? I'm going to make your journey longer!
Friend trys to kick me out of my server so i ruin his
Revenge of the Baked Potato
Eggs-straordinary Revenge
Park in my spot? I hope you like fish!
You Wanna Be A Bully? Alright Lets See You Bully Now.
World Of Warcraft Girlfriend Revenge
Wanted to start a prank calling contest
(grad school quant class) That point where threatening to throw you under the bus and kick you out of the group 2 days before the day of the presentation is an empty threat and actually saved me some headache - cross posted from r/shittygroupmembers
Brother didn't want me to have gas to drive so my parents stepped in..
My manager wouldn't change the music, so I fixed the problem.
Don't want to do your job? I have an attitude? Reverse UNO!
Her Bargaining Power Has Gone To The Dogs
Crawling in front of me? Well, I'll destroy your nostalgia
Next time you want a chocolate malt, make it at home!
Have fun using that towel.
I can be loud too, Mom.
Petty Revenge: Pony Style
Bilingual advantage during trip through the Alps
Don't try to cut in the drive-thru line
I was rejected from a job this morning. I replied thanking the recruiter for considering me, calling him 'John' instead of 'Jon'.
We don't dance, nah, we make money move.
My uncle's (indirect) driving revenge
It's good to have friends
Got a call from the "Social Security Administration" this morning..
School bully wants a date for the ball? That's a tall order!
The Flat Mate.
Friend made me feel like shit, so I made her shit herself.
Block my garage, will ya?
Car dealer revenge, is the best revenge.
My house mates are fighting...
Fast food terrorist ep 1
Coffee revenge for my BFF
I’ll take your dignity for your insulting words.
I just follow the rules...
Petty revenge on obnoxious hotel guest
How can I get revenge on a former flatmate?
Biting revenge
Beggars Can't Greedy
Boss won't defend me, he can deal with dirty balls
Separate me from my kids? Have fun with the sick one.
https://www.reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/l1hy7y/ruined_my_neighbors_high/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf
I get a satisfying revenge on 6-year-old bullies
Always remember to floss
The Man Who Built a 40-Foot Spite Fence Around His Neighbor’s Home
Leave Yer Hair In The Shower? Have fun peeling it off your bottle of body-wash!
Local kids tormenting my dog
해운대오피∼상한가ㅣ▷ 밤전 ◁ㅣ〔BAm〕WAR 1 0 〔cOM〕묵동오피천안오피
Neighborhood Karen Boomer who introduced herself to me as a giant bitch gets an Uno Reverse card played on her
Excuse me! Hey! OVER HERE!
Be rude? No pie for you.
Motorcyclists' petty revenge
Petty elevator revenge
Unintentionally getting revenge on ex-gf
I don't owe you anything.
Don’t be a b!tch to children
Drive through revenge
If you show no respect for my bread, I'll show no respect for you.
Just the tip(s).
Act shitty towards our parents, you get a shitty birthday gift
A Commuter's Lament
My Desk Partner Blatantly Copied Me, So I Decided to Make Her Look Stupid
Enjoy your industrial lube
Payback for my bully
I stole his pears, and I continue to steal his diys.
Down Voting Everything
Mess with my Interview, I cut you off from your gf.
I'm just itching for you to leave.
Why is there a time limit
Friend stabs friend.
The time my ex wanted a guitar back.
fuck your phone
Enjoying the smoke jerkwad
More restaurant revenge! This time, I get the dishwasher.
My brother was a jerk to me. How do I get back at him without getting in trouble?
How to get revenge on landlord?
My connection got me hard
Don't be annoying
Years Investment
I worked at Coldstone for 3 years.
Do you even lift, bro?
Girl bullies and beats up my sister, I make sure the popular kids hate her (repost)
Ooooh, maybe try another card?
Fancy Cars Park How They Want, Peon
Not Sure If Petty/Pro/OrWhatever revenge. My Dylann Roof Story (because we know how it will end)
Need ideas! Please help.
New neighbours and their dogs
Lazy roommate never cleans or shops, she used the last of our toilet paper in the bathroom and didn't tell me.... jokes on her
My Own Traffic Violation Revenge
You insult me? I ruin your summer holidays.
Got some incredibly petty revenge on my ex GF
I Pledge Allegiance to the Flag . . .
Happy New Year
Long term revenge
Lie about me to my friends in the office and continue to spread hateful gossip because I have a son to care for? Thanks for making my life easier!
Study time
Friends landlady keeps coming into his place weekly without permission, we freak her prudish ass out and remind her its polite to knock!
They think I'm an idiot who works for free.. So I'm taking their new PC parts.
Enjoy the smell
Drive Safely, Folks
Cousin deletes 4 facebook acounts over the time of five years, i destroy every chance with every girl posible
Girlfriend cheats on me and i take her best friend away.
Lazy director got what he deserved
Don't participate in group work? Let me use your own stupidity
Want something hot, here you go!
If your service department sucks, I'll put 60,000 miles on your loaner.
How I got revenge on a teacher by drinking water.
I made a fellow student pay for always snooping and commenting on what I was doing on my computer
Kick my friend have a nice suspension
Finally got my chance at computer scammers Part 2
Be a douche huh? Say hello to sweet sweet revenge
Park behind me? Time to watch a few videos!
My ex thinks he’s going to be a famous musician. I just made two TikTok accounts: one with his band name and one with his name, so that if he ever wants to be on there for music he’ll have to buy them from me. Eat it, loser.
Ex manager at theatre asked me thread projectors already threaded in exchange for a free movie
My boss is 100% on board with my petty revenge plan.
No, you can't borrow my squirt gun.
Oh I'm sorry, am I bothering you?
My sister's triumphant revenge
Stole my account? I'll make it useless
How my father took revenge on a failed property lawsuit.
be a crap DM... I'll make you one.
Rudeness will cost you; $20 to be exact.
Rather petty driving revenge
Can we request petty revenges here? Because I’m going to need some help for this one.
Revenge served cold (from the fridge, to be exact)
Help me with my petty revenge?
I'm too tired for this sh...
You're too good to drink tap water? Fine with me.
Be a sore winner? I'll beat your high score.
My awful coworker.
Past bully says “You’re pretty now so it’s different”
www.LogMeIn123.com Scammer called; I strung him along. Video in text!
I have a mail thief.
My SO and I got into an argument in the car today and she said something kinda petty
Bitch out on my co workers? Go stand on another line.
Impatient drivers WILL be made to wait!
You waste my time and throw loud parties, I destroy your grades
New Coworker is annoying as fuck and thinks too highly of herself. I'll fix that.
I let an annoyingly needy girl drink out of my water after I had been throwing up all night
I was banned from r/trashy because I posted a pic that got 14k upvotes. Only comment from moderators was “don’t repost please”. Was a photo I found years ago online. Reddit moderators only revenge is a sub-ban. So dumb .....
Petty Revenge on Mormons
Don't talk in the bathroom
Neighbors steal my insect rearing sleeve and suffer karma
My agro invasive neighbour now has a rooster after I begged him not to.
Being petty to my patient's long-term partner
Paying my phone bill...with REVENGE!
Whistle at me like I'm a dog, and I'll be in your way like one, too.
How I humiliated my Highschool bully and stopped future bullying, and how I one upped my graduating class
Crosspost r/AmITheAsshole
Block my internet access? Get kicked off and blocked yourself.
Petty Revenge Tastes Like Garlic
Mess with my friends. Get kicked out!
New Company Mascot - Jiminy the Cricket
Cheating off me? Not today.
High school revenge, and Karma's seal of approval
Sort of revenge
I'm going to get back at you for those 4:30am music sessions.
From r/funny
IS THIS WHAT YOU WANT?!
He called me a Nazi so I played flute slightly out of tune for 4 years
You cut my hours, don't expect me back.
Take over our table? Ok, but the umbrella is coming with me..
Block the sidewalk? Bye bye to your bikes.
Douchebags tried to force me out of a room
You waste my time and the office's paper, you get social experiments and the shredder.
Someone's gotta teach your kid he can't have everything he wants.
Boss and manager said women belong in the kitchen. So i made them coffee in unwashed mugs.
Steal my spot in line? Get your coffee extra cold
Drunk Douchebags Get Creamed
Want me to watch your shitty tv show? Smell my wrath
Friend reports every car and gets them ticketed.
Take my drinks? I took your fridge.
A couple months ago I found my boyfriend’s Reddit account and now every time we get upset at each other, I will downvote every new comment/ post
Proper level of revenge
I used a univeral remote app on my phone to change the channel relentlessly on my husband.
My cousin bought his doctor's domain name
You mow once a week, my kids play every day.
Bitchy co-worker
Petty co-worker revenge
Dont fire good employees
Minorly Inconvenience Me? Expect the Same in Return
Idiot manager lies to new employee, and then gets made to look silly in front of most of his team.
I sure hope you like yellow.
Don't take your anger out on security.
Hate those assholes who use their children as place-holders for a parking space?
I got my brother grounded because he shoved past my other brother (TL;DR at the bottom)
Strike three, you're out.
I don't enjoy fishing things out of dumpsters.
A downvote in time saves nine
Thanks for the bullshit ticket Officer King Shit
Ms Scrooge gets pwned
Rude people don’t like it when you call them rude
Sub-tenant threw out my college artwork
Elitist Hotel receptionist gets red cheeks. (Not nsfw)
Crazy lady threw my stuff im the pool... She didnt know we have cameras
City wants to sell the land everyone has been using for decades, end up being sold to the people who used it.
Own father forces me, his claustrophobic daughter, into a lift while screaming at me. I projectile vomited on him and my brother.
Coffee Revenge ☕️
When Brothers Annoy You
Making Gaming Bullies' plan Backfire
What? You don’t like free bouillon? Have a mini-mindfuck.
Seltzer Surprise!
Lаnd а ріrаtе іn јаіl
My high school best friend quietly gets revenge
My horrible coworker....and my sweet revenge
I tried to apologize, he brought this on himself.
Watch TV at work instead of actually doing your job? Good luck getting the remote back
Revenge on my religious mother
Summary:outs herself as furry in front of whole class and me assuming she wants to be known by that reputation I call her furry to her face and then she reports me and gets me a Saturday school.later she calls me a furry, she knows I don't like to be mislabeled and so I reported to the same teacher
Point-Blank Book in Bully's Face
You don't wanna talk to me? OK!
Good luck with your Baby....
My face was offensive so I made it less offensive, apparently that was more offensive... exactly.
Uncle throws a fit about how we removed a fence, so we put it back
The ding dong ditcher got a knuckle sandwich
It's the little (and hairy) things that matter
Roommate's Diet Coke
Prom
Always pay for services you opt
Teens tried to run us off the road...
The guy who eats everyone's lunch out of the work refrigerator "wins" a bet
Double Park Douche
Don't mess with my builds
Inventory audits
The non-winnable contests online
Mess with my sister-in-law, I will make you smoke my spern
Revenge on minecraft hater
Teacher makes kid miserable, then fines her for a book that was returned. So I burn her life.
The best 3 bucks of my life.
Recommended that I post this here from IDWHL: Strap in boys/girls this ones a doozy: We don't sell pizza, because you have the wrong number.
Substitute teacher learns her lesson
demand a tip for your shitty service?
My Grandma was a badass
Let me do all the work? Alright, but don't blame me when I make it crash
We block each other
Request: help me get my revenge on this woman at the bus stop
Heh. Revenge is a crush best served... hot
Steal food from the office? Enjoy!
How The Cracker Crumbles
Petty MMO Revenge
It’s your turn to pull off the revenge
Dodgeball Revenge
Call me names and harm me for years? Have fun having no internet connection.
AITA for teaching a 10 year old a four letter word?
Annoying classmate
My graveyard shift petty revenge
I'm tired of getting beaten and staying quiet. (X-post from r/prorevenge)
Steal my food for months? Enjoy the nasty food I left behind.
Wife's revenge
Petty parking revenge
Spill a drink on me? Accidents can happen. Call me an idiot? "Accidents will happen"!
Waxing the floor
Never again.
Coffee shop revenge.
Someone got petty revenge on me!
operation not my president 2.0 :)
My teacher makes rude comment and doesn't deal with a problem.
My client is a jerk, so I tp’d his house.
My mom had to individually separate spaghetti noodles.
Want double bags? Be my guest!
Friend/roommate was using my deodorant behind my back, so I covered it in icy hot.
My friend gets revenge on his ex's new boyfriend by getting his little sister to throw water balloons at him.
Crappy GTA Player gets Crappy Results
Spam callers sure are annoying, aren't they?
I peed in my brothers room ( short story)
My parents spend years treating me like shit, I finally got my revenge when I moved out
The Phone never got answered
He said not to bother him...I won't be bothering him anymore
List a house at 2536 sqft when it's actually 2188 sqft? Okay.
You can kiss your car paint bye-bye
Deny me a shower? Then sleep in my filth!
Petty revenge on HR for not following common courtesy.
Being a dick? Get off the plane. You're not flying.
Porch pirate asshats.
Honk at me like where I have to go isn't important but where you meed to go is..
Tailing me when I am already going a decent speed?
Delicious loaf of bread
I walked slowly in front of two people who walked slowly in front of me
Someone has been eating my wife's lunch. I made sure he never ate anything again.
My friend bought a book and read it just to spoil it to someone annoying him
Friend's sister breaks keyboard so he takes her guitar
My class decides to ruin my school's World Culture Day by refusing to dress up for charity. I wear a costume anyway, suffered from embarrassment but ended up reaping the benefits.
My boss and I didn't get along very well
Claim I lied about missing an exam? Enjoy your duck hat.
I don't know if this story is worthy of this subreddit. I wouldn't necessarily say that what i did was petty, but it was revenge. This story is true, and the descriptions are purposely hyperbolic to attenuate the comedic side of it. The story of a model chick i dated....
online dating site
Got keys made for my car, the keymaker stole expensive cologne from my glovebox.
Stupid dog thieves get owned by owners.
No, I will not pick up those brooms
Let Me Shower
Split the snacks? Sure, I get the big half.
Wanna Steal tips? I'll make sure there's nothing to steal.
My driveway is not your guest parking
I didn't really do anything to cause this, but the amount of revenge I felt was still high.
Crazy neighbor thinks she owns the street
Working at a local grocery store (Marc's)
Guy at my work loves to talk so I started trolling him
Don't call me in this late again.
Want to be a male Karen? I’ll put you in your place
Keep treating me like a slave? and hide my legos??? Guess i'm going to break your computer and ipad
Revenge never tasted so sweet.
You probably think I'm talking about you
The half star revenge
Surly, stingy Subway Store
"Yeah, I think we're legit enemies forever, now."
Crazy lady yells at my mom for doing something illegal.
Kid is a bitch to me on bus
You want the script copies? You can have them.
Crappy producer steals my car. Oops, 'your' car doesn't look so good.
Revenge is a pink colored Sharpie.
My(21 F) brother (22 M) blamed me for the shower drain getting clogged when it wasn’t my fault and I made sure my hair didn’t go down the drain again.
Be careful where you wank
Unlike you, I‘m a guest
Think you can outdrink me? Think again.
Be inconsiderate, good luck finding your washing!
petty officer revenge
My shampoo. MINE!
You can wait an hour for your scans
The SUV and the parking lot
No Ex-Couple is Safe
Plant Loves Bleach
“We don’t need heat.”
A penny saved
Payback to a backstabbing friend
Flip me off? Not a good move.
Treat me like i am not there and i will really not be there when you need me.
I don't want your f***ing Uber e-mails
Someone told my boyfriend I was cheating on him, when I didn't.
Petty revenge on an online game.
Wake me up regularly? No sex for you.
Laugh at me in class when I forgot my notebook ?
A girl steals my pen, I stalk her to get it back
Smell you twice, shame on you.
Charge me a late fee and I'll keep your gym clean
hola
Get out like the princess you are.
Racist Brat Gets Revenge On Haloween
Bully me for a year ill leave you with a teeth mark
You eat where I tell you to eat
Summer Job Hunt
Girlfriend wants to argue with me while in the shower...
Parking lot karmic revenge
"Friend" was only my friend so she could play with my dolls
Sibling Revenge
Old obscenity
Food fights are for children, liquor fights are for immature adults.
I hate my high school, and after two years i have finally began to enact my revenge.
Throw stupid acronyms around? I call your bluff
Took revenge on my grade school bully...
Oh, you're going to ruin my Saturday? Have fun at dinner!
Dad's Cyber Revenge
Good luck finding a parking
Help with territorial dentist office
Lmao, YOUR kids??
Cops called on my parking
Steal our sex toy, now you can clean your room.
Screw that teacher
The not so altered keyboard
How I made my little sis cry
Petty officer revenge part 2
Locked up
Would you like fries with that?
Don't pay my full wages, enjoy losing money while you're closed
Don't pay me for bills, I will shave my hairy toes with your razor.
Dad gets petty revenge on pissing teens
Entitled Person Falls In Fountain Because Of Me.
5th graders ruin an expensive mower because the principle destroyed the school's snow fortress
Revenge is a drink best served... cold.
My sister didn't leave any toilet paper in the bathroom.
When you mess with me, the sink gets it!
Smell ya later
Have fun cleaning your car
Insult MY Web Skills? Enjoy Your NEW Website!
Want to insult me while asking me to do you a favor after my shift? Enjoy your cheese.
Update on revenge efforts for the grown-ass woman who poured a drink on my head
When you work at a grocery store, you get a lot of annoying customers.
Puny Revenge
Don’t hide someone else’s things
My 7yr’s old petty revenge on my husband
Getting by with a little help from my friends
Laundry Room Shenanigans
Drug me, and I'll shit your pants.
Dont call me names.
Using your position and power to do wrong will get you nowhere.
Petty revenge of Marshawn Lynch of the NFL after begin fined for not talking to the media...
Some guy freaks out on my dog and me.
Evil roommate (long)
Coworker gets a parents dog taken to the local pound
uncivilized, self centered, narcissist neighbors from revenge.
You're continuing to play loud music? Ok, I'll start practicing again.
Oh, so you want me to do All the work? Your car will have oil all right....
Don't tell cops they can't do something
Sign this email up for everything and anything
Salesman didnt want to waste his time. Oh well
Giving you a smell of your own medicine
If you're gonna try and blame your accident on me, you're gonna have a hard time
Just change the damn toilet paper roll!
Going back to a dealership where I was about to be ripped off
"You didn't help me at all"
You want follower growth? Alright I'll report them.
Teacher says he'll NEVER get into college without taking notes
Rude in a parking lot? Prepare to be space blocked.
Crop Dusting
stopping an aggravating coworker in her tracks
A little bit of Fortnite revenge
Bully gets instant karma
You won't find a better salary in the area.
Won't stop calling? I'll fix that.
Naval Ship petty revenge
We Can Go 35 in a 45 Mile Zone
Stabbed my twin out for eating my ramen
My brother likes to leave clothes in the bathroom...
Annoying attention-seeking kid gets what he deserves.
The Scuba Doo mystery of the Quaran-toilet
Loan Phone Scammer
The Mighty-Mighty Bosstones trifecta
What did I fucking say
Honk at me as soon as the light turns green and you're gonna get home later
I sabotaged a classmate's folder and then laughed
The Pettiest Victory
You want to complain about a free photo with Santa? Fine, then, be a Grinch.
Cocky much? I can fix that
Debt collector wouldn't stop calling me, so I signed them up for every credit repair company I could find.
so heres my petty revenge story short and sweet
Abusive boyfriend wanted his photoshop back.
have another return
Temp agency recruiter treats me like shit as a temp employee for her firm, awkwardness ensues when she later tries to schmooze me and my boss at my new permanent job
Wanna act like an ass and disregard our mask policy. You get no soda for your refill
Failed petty revenge: caught stealing a condescending server's pen
Coach tried to sabotage my race...
Call me later!
Burger Steak Delivery
We took all the useful kitchen utensils
Friend lost my Kyogre
Spreading love to homophobic people...through rainbows!
No empathy and conflicting info = me getting petty
Catching a thief turned out to be a snap.
Inside Joke the Nice Fat Guy? I put you in Debt.
Lady called me a exorcist so I did this.
Eggplant
He'll Never Pee on Me Again.
ISO story about man who pranks 2 other guys into fighting each other over a car sale?
Don't take responsibility? Enjoy a very tiring workday!
Will someone help me prank call?
No phone calls for you
Doors are meant to be opened
Cat's Revenge on Fiancé
Gassy Wrath 2: The Loitering
The magic of the magazine "bingo cards" Just sign the SOB up for everything!
Petty revenge never felt more satisfying.
One bedroom apartments seem a little smaller when a big dog is barking
Shitty landlord has a shower
My So-called co-worker...
Don't know how to clean up after yourself? Well your toothbrush sure knows how.
You like making noise? I like calling the cops.
Revenge on the sales manager, for the childrenOperation Elimination
Want some sushi again? Revenge is best served spicy
Itching powder is powerfull stuff.
Prank caller get's punked' instead.
Terrible customer service
a cashier's petty revenge
Short little story
Some idiot stole 250 dollars from me
Treat me like a maid and threaten me? I'll just make you homeless
Abusing a rental
I give the email of my ex-boss when I know I'm going to get spammed.
Gambling revenge.
Thanks for the free water bitches
Please flag Craigs spammer Ok...this is extreme.
Do you guys do request?
Throw my stuff away, and I'll throw yours away
Mean teacher was wrong
Was it worth it?
Stupid Bread Karen
If you have a phone number and an email address, what are some creative anonymous petty revenge tactics? Asking for a friend 👀
Be an ass hole? Have fun cleaning shit
Laptops and the Library
Bully who got the ultimate pay back....
J rep upload she burned I burned her
A Young Slytherin
Littering? Go to jail, no Pemberton Festival for you
Stick me with a large phone bill, enjoy getting kicked out of your house and losing your job
Another Flight? Sure we can do that...
Park badly will you?
Oh are we telling laundry room stories now? Neat!
Very petty, but quick.
Getting Shit Group Project Members to Destroy Their Own Grade.
Some revenge
Annoy me with your laziness then expect to be in a bad mood!
Hate the smell of pot? Let's see how well you pay attentionTake my assigned seat, will you?
Sometimes I don't take apart my hub's thermos when I wash it.
Team kill on purpose and then server hop? I'll show you.
My friend's roommate got together with his gf behind his back. He thought he'd gotten away with it.
Don't yell at a toy store employee
Road Revenge
Don't hold the door for me? You get my smelly farts.
Ripping off currency-exchange, Rip-Off Merchants
Over-reacting neighbor bans friend from my car due to bald tires
Moved across the country for a job opportunity, old apartment was shady with my deposit.
No Lights? Enjoy a ticket.
Don't mess with the valet
Old, but good: Jimmy Kimmel high-fives the President of the United States
eat off my plate, okay....pay for your own meal.
I got sick of being bossed around...
Made my OCD boss think I put my piss in his face.
I Found My Inner Pettiness
Guy cheats on one of my best friends and fucks up by lying about it on reddit
Maybe if you where a better neighbor, i'd do the neighborly thing.
Need a 15-day notice? Okay then!
Honk at a dude in a wheelchair? Enjoy a petty little note.
Petty grocery store revenge
Don't mess with my family
Won't remove your mask for me? Fine I'll play deaf
I made a guy drive 2 hours across town for nothing, because he sent me a d*** pic
Childish revenge
I became a better portrait photographer out of pure spite
I got mad at a taxi driver
Brother said that XCOM from 1998 was easy. I got sweet, sweet revenge.
Very Easy Job , We Don't Need Checklist
Smoking in bathroom stall? Enjoy being doused in FEBREEZE
Go get coffee
Yell at my mother? Enjoy the brief evil of a 5 year old.
Petty? Revenge on bad school
Park like a d-bag? So will I
Molested my Co worker? How about you never being able to taste anything ever again.
But the bill...
Best friend turns out to be a manipulative bitch and is angry she can't force me back into my shell
No Tips for you...
Roommate just can't debate
Early Military Petty Revenge
So, you wanna park like an inconsiderate jerk? Two can play at that game.
Have fun cleaning without any supplies!Fast Food Revenge
Kick a ball at us? Say your farewells.
A friend tries to be abusive to their mom. I shut them down in the cruelest way possible.
My dad winds up a scammer and gives us a good laugh
Slap my face with sunscreen? Enjoy a little concoction of ours...
Put some shit (literally) back into his mouth after he talked shit
Wicked fast pickup truck.
The rude customer ends up paying the entire price.
You punched the wrong lady
Petty Scammers
Second hand petty revenge: My mother the master and her jerk boss.
It never hurts to be nice
Revenge is a... birch?
Trying to out-petty my psychotic roommate in the next two weeks
Cranky concert goer gets what she deserves.
Stop kicking my chair.
Refuse to refund my nasty fries? Revenge will be mine. Mine? Mine. Mine mine mine?
try to rush me? I'll make you wait another minute
Revenge on German Class Partner
Interrupt My Training Session? Lose Your Ball.
Wet legs and a cold night.
That fucker is going to be paying full price for his drink...
You suspend me from school &amp; not my brother? That’s okay, I have a cool mom…
Rip our shit? Say goodbye to your garden.
I made you waste your time
Petty Revenge at a concert
Dirty dishes in the bathroom
I turned my kids into chemical weapons.
Cheat on me then lie about it repeatedly and play the victim? Get shamed in front of all of your friends and family at your graduation party.
Thanks for the help.
Decade old revenge over some stupid software.
I shovel my neighbour's sidewalk
Tell me how to do my job? We're all out of what you want.
they keep putting stuff in my room ill just put in there put it in there room
Short and sweet. I usually don't think this fast
Need ideas to get back at a douchebag
Sweet old petty IT revenge.
Roommate's selfish behavior landed him dish duty
Ex lies about being banned from bar to get sympathy, so I get him banned
The best deterrent for loud neighbors
Annoy me about not eating cereal the "right way"?Have fun with no bowl for your own cereal
Coworker bad mouths me for stealing his tips before I had the chance to give them to him so I kept them.
Don't want to fix my ac? Then you can scrounge my garbage from the parking lots. And be fired.
Creepy landlord; Friendly creepy boyfriend
Guess College Kids Aren't Fit To Live With
First post, going to get some juicy petty revenge on the Panera bread in my town for not giving me what I paid for, then not making it right.
hello again and goodbye
A cop's awesome petty revenge
Another tale of driving revenge...
Am I big man for picking on a 16 year old girl? Probably not, but I don't give a fuck.
Horrible Roommates
Don't Steal my Brother's Newspaper
I made my friend late for class!
I embarrassed my insane 3rd grade teacher at his own accidental request
Try to help in cheating? Let them fail!
Greetings
Co-worker gets called out for taking advantage of an intern
Don't want to help shovel? Enjoy not going anywhere.
Its simple look it up on youtube
No toothpaste for you.
The Rat Problem
Rejection?
Revenge is best served 5 years cold (and with trees)
I hate your pubes
Have fun wiping your ass with paper towels.
One of my antics ended up causing an evacuation of the DoD Hotline
Be rude to me? Enjoy your dirty glasses!
Karen claims we damaged her car when it was already damaged
Man at carwash
currently in the window seat on a flight. middle has papers spread all over and is working. How do I get my petty revenge?
Thanks for your donation!
Going up? Not so fast.
Daddy and the Wet Food
Coworker wants to top over everyone. Cornered him enough to make him break down.
Don't tailgate me.
Yeah no, I'm not going to enable your lying habit. Have fun at the hospital!
Woke me up I’ll keep you from watching tv.
Follow the rules of the locker room.
Fuck me over, I won't flinch at hurting you
I finally stopped the free newspapers
Phone Scammers
Neighbors have repetitively been loud. Hear my dog bark and your dog destroy your bounce house because of it.
Don't lock the door? Enjoy a buttery hand
IT Style Revenge
My uncle, 16 took my charger
Want me to help you out after you humiliated me?
OCD revenge
Apparently I'm feeling passive-aggressive today.
Don't steal my candy
answering service revenge
Don't go shopping ten minutes before the store closes.
Bought all chocolate cupcakes to piss off a whiny child and rude mother.
Pyschological revenge
Make the last hour of my friend’s already shitty shift even worse? Fine. I’ll be taking those two bucks back now, as well as your dignity.
Please fix the urinal? Please!
How do you like your football field now?
Won't let a pregnant lady sit? Well you can't sit with each other.
Don't want to refund me $7.50? Okay, fine. I'll cancel all of your stuff.
You’re not special, you should have paid for the seat you wanted.
No I will not accept your apology!
don't clean your room? i take your stuff.
"An eye for an eye"
Wasn't having a good day so I smiled and waved at an asshole driver.
Small but satisfying...
2 Faced Ex-friend Gets What She Deserves
Bippity boppity boo, i got revenge on yo...myself
Unintentional Petty Revenge on my Roommate and his Friend
Maybe you should listen to me next time.
No Beer For You
Cruise Control Pettyness
Steal a theft
Rescind a job offer after showing me my desk? Watch me smile as we repo your printer
I get on Blathers nerves in AC
Asshat segregated the restrooms.
King of Meemistan
Rude cashier appalled by haggling offer until I decide to clean out my change purse.
Revenge is a dish best served... snowy?
Petty Revenge at a restaurant
My Biological Father is Throwing a Temper Tantrum Because I ate his Chicken Nuggets.
Unpopular officer called liked to bully people around, this was my response
My roommate doesn't understand basic bathroom etiquette
I used Spongebob as revenge against my next door neighbour
Want to be inconsiderate? Pay full price.
So, my cat wants to wake me up at 5am every morning? I'll show him!
They blamed me for breaking it so I made it worse
You steal my laptop. Well well well do I have a surprise for you.
A car cut me off to take a parking space; turns out, it's too small for her giant car. Meanwhile, I got another  spot a little further down :)
We have feelings too, but nobody realized that at school, so I decided to make them look for something while they clean the school.
A Teacher's Revenge
You try to earn extra pennies? I make sure you lose even more pennies!
That'll teach you to pee on the patio furniture!
My former inconsiderate weed dealer gets his pennance
Interrupt my coffee &amp; reddit time, enjoy your daily morning frustration
Uncle fired me unfairly after I put in my two weeks, so I took back a folder of mine used to file papers that I bought with my own money.
Evil school van driver gets revenge served to her 3rd-party
Insult me and belittle me, but I wouldn't crumble.
Your dogs bark all day and night? I call police all day and night
Death by Doritos
If you want to delay us, then we can delay you
Mustang kept parking in my parking spot that I pay for.
My old high school bully gets his ps4 account band.
Crop dusted a bar while being thrown out for drunkenness
Don’t go stealing my stuff
The horrible vengeance of an online retailer.
A little bit
Any ideas on how to get back at the local post office?
Switching CDs
A Vent About Stranger Aggression
Kick my things every where? Enjoy your things wet.
This is going to be two parts as it's still I progress but moral of the story don't piss off the back end developer.
Revenge on a crazy ex tenant
Parked in our private parking spot...ideas?
Stop being smug or I'll very slowly waste your expensive soap.
After no less than 50 scam calls in the last 24 hours, I got fed up.
Quarter Slingers Revenge
Don't like working with me? You get less shifts
Group Project from Hell
I uno reversed a discord troll
This is what happens when you trash talk your co workers
This is what you get for being such an ungrateful person.
Surprise Spicy Sausage Pizza
Revenge on a waitress
Park in my spot? I'll inconvenience you.
The armrest is to be shared or not used at all
Revenge is sweet, but sometimes it's salty
They treated me ( and others) badly, now their business is dead
Bully me relentlessly? Enjoy your 1 month suspension
Steal from another bride? You will end up cutting your own wedding short
I hope they serve cold brew in
Sure, you can have some ice.
Roommate never replaces toilet paper roll when it's empty, he always just places a new roll on top of the old empty spindle.
I'm not good enough, eh?
Christmas gift exchange game revenge
Wrestling Event Revenge
The smallest changes are often the most effective
Steal our food? We'll make you shit yourself to expulsion
Clean the classroom before doing my job. Hmmm no!
Get your own damn soap.
Called out my ex for cheating on her now HUSBAND with my best friend
Got a guy fired for buying my girlfriend food.
I need gas, spare change?
50 cents for a fork you say
The worst neighbors meet the loudest alarm clock.
Have fun with your stinky room!
Tailgater Gets Wet
Apartment gate revenge.
I think you need to chill.
I will make you wait and look poor
Could not sleep because my brother was screaming while skyping...
So you are going to frame me? Fine, enjoy having your things messed up.
I need help taking revenge
I hate dogs.
Use my the laundry detergent? Smell like fish
Grumpy patient
Yeah sure fine, I'll spend more time with you.
Destroyed my own stuff to prove my Roomate's NOW EX was using my stuff.
Call me twice a day for months? Get screamed at.
Another Barking Dog
This EK has no soul
Hacking scum gets what he deserves
Brat steals my Christmas present so I threw her backpack in the bathroom
TD:LR:Girl makes me sad,I do it back
Laundromat Struggles
Ex gets treated and dumped the same way she did to me, but by the guy she left me for
"Customer Service"
Don't sass my little brother...
My girlfriend just got her towels stolen from the laundry room. Revenge ideas?
Got back at my neighbor
Mini revenge: don't park in the handicapped spot
Don't hog a physics student's wifi!
I didn't think I was the petty type...
Stay late? Come late!
You bully me? Ill make you hurt...
Am I a cookie monster?
Post signs everywhere after I make a simple mistake? Enjoy your morning shave
Be careful what you ask for..
The Fender upstairs....
Just to get it out there
The Longest (dec)Line
Popcorn man
Discs
I’m seeking petty(pro?) revenge! My neighbor is horrible and keeps me up late with music or tv blaring and friends over drinking. What’s the best way to seek revenge? Help me make a success story!
It's suggested I post this here: I had a bad experience with train ticket inspectors once and this is my ongoing revenge
Break my heart? I'll irritate your eyeballs.
Petty response to ignoranceCat pee
You're in my professional lane now big fella
Tailgate me on the highway? Welcome to the back of the line.
Act like a douche. Get Rickrolled!
Karate, Pokémon and cold hard cash
Thоusands оf mеп аnd wомen loокing fоr love at this site
R.I.P GroupChat ears
Asshole pickup truck won't let me merge over to let his ass by? Fine, enjoy getting fucked with and getting a big fat ticket to boot.
Classroom Petty-Ness
Need revenge
Jerk double parks
Hotel Laundry: Keep me up late? I'll make you an insomniac.
Enjoy the stains, you miserable old bastard.
My boss screwed me out of an internship, ignored OSHA laws, humiliated me, and made my life miserable for an entire year. But then...
The shopping cart is not your trashcan
Petty Revenge on my last day.
That doesn't go there
You want everything removed, be careful what you wish for
Broke my Pencil? I’ll break yours.
Leave my room a mess, I’ll scare the shit out of you, and you still have to clean it up.
Behave like an asshole in a corridor? Have fun getting cut off from your friends
Oh you don't like not getting your way?
Cause a massive mess?? Enjoy the toothpaste!
You say you don't like me? I can live with that.
You're a professional football player, yet you stole from me, and blocked me off social media when I ask for my money back?
Someone in my exam decided to constantly kick the back of my chair, when it became time to leave I pushed my desk to right behind his chair. When he stood up it knocked my desk over and 150 people stared at him
I've got your ruler, bitch!
Hope she noticed the silence in the room
Being a bitch in my life? (Still is) have fun getting a trash can cap slammed on you fingers.
Some scumbag petty revenge from when I used to work at WalMart
Bully me get destroyed by my weight
needs petty revenge ideas for awful vile roommate
Petty cologne revenge at work..
I snitched on a student that was mocking me and my memes
Bully me? Ok have fun staying In 8th grade
eBay Feedback.
Have a taste of your own medicine!
Posted this on r/Confessions earlier, but I feel like it fits well here too
Sticky shampoo
How I got caught breaking school rules, but got away scott free because the teacher had much more to lose.
Snitches get Stitches, or detentions .
Wanna steal my snack? Sure, enjoy this one!
My friends funny story
Good luck getting a full nights rest
Encouraging disrespect to a Supervisor, gives colleague a harsh lesson about power and disrespect
Steal my Xbox and I’ll watch your Netflix
neighbors damage the fence and want me to take care of it....ok
Embarrassed a school bully into submission
Play music in the elevator for everyone to hear??
Getting back at a predatory tow company
I'm impressed you know so much about my company you aren't employed at. Please tell me more about what we do and don't do on a regular basis.
I didn't answer my phone for a few days, so my mother changed the Netflix password, so I changed the Amazon prime/video password
Laundry Room Revenge!
There is no right or wrong
Can’t see my Grandma? Well then I quit
My brother's ex got what she deserved
Do your fucking job next time.
Hi
Harass my kids for normal living noises? Fine.
Probably ruined siblings relationship
Never Touch a Soldier's Wife
Being an abusive boss? Have some of your own medicine back.subreddit.
The Shopping Cart of Justice
What if I don't want to worship you?
Loud tosser in the open plan office
Tailgate a new driver? Have fun with your brand new ticket!
Co-worker assaults me and gets fired with a cherry on top.
Burn my hand? Face the most torturous and vicious pain ever.
That'll show him
Parts department not doing their job.
noisy roommates revenge
Friends family gets petty revenge against idiot New Yorker.
Shitty neighbors and petty revengeNeighbors never leave enough room for me to park
Petty Charge me some Petty Pennies then I will play the Perfect Petty game with you sweetheart.
Sticky fingers
I got back at my neighbor (for "borrowing" some tools) by putting a sign on his trash can that said "Please take this trash can, I have a new one". Twice. He had to buy new trash cans each time.
Get too close when I'm crossing? Enjoy your minor inconvenience!
Enjoy using the tissues at my desk?
My skinny ass and your face.
Is this too petty?
Refuse to count two dollars in quarters in dimes? Then count five dollars in pennies
Unintentional petty revenge tastes sweet and fizzy.
Not letting me work my scheduled hours? I'll file for unemployment
Physics genius gets revenge on bullying prefect
As a lot of stories related to lunch-stealing are posted here, I thought this sub might enjoy this news story
Enjoy that super accurate customer database....
So petty yet so good...
Lady refuses to pick up her dogs poop. Gets shut thrown back at her.
Batter up!
Respect your tech support personnel
It’s my album.
Christmas Present Revenge
You better be prepared to show me current insurance.
Rude flier gets a ruder awakening.
Call me lazy? I won't tell you that you have chocolate on your face.
Call this number and mess with them
Public toilets shouldn't be used as phone booths
My sister didn't clean the crumbs she left on the counter, so I collected them and scattered it all over her room.
I tried to be nice, but you just had to push it.
A Tom &amp; Jerry Kid gets her revenge.
I hit him with my Hannah Montana school bag
The best type of revenge: no-blinker lane-changing revenge.
The Silver Beast and I claim another victim with Instant Karma.
You wanna steal my bucket?
Petty revenged at the groceries
So make fun I'm bald,I'll get you expelled
Always lying about your dirty dishes? Ill show you..
Pettiness over concert
My revenge against a customer.
Ever get locked out?
I got revenge on my roommate
Don't deny me my water.
Toilet Water Coffee
Perfectly Executed (Alt. Title "Balls to the Back")
Employee Gets Fired, Have a Magazine, or 300
No one believes 5 year old me, so I resort to pettiness
Salesman thinks he's hard. Hello petty shit :)
Threaten to hack my friends? I'll tell your mother!
Took WiFi away from neighbor who asked to use it for one day.
Mock me? Have fun fixing your computer on your own.
Whoops, I accidentally took the exact food you had your eye on.
Roommate stole my package (proof)
You spoil me all the juiciest r/relationships posts? I fake-spoil you the twist plot of the film you are watching
You mess with my job, I mess with yours
Here, let me help you practice patience and anger management.
He had it coming
Block the road? We’ll block you in your house.
Punish me while others go unnoticed!?
How's your mom?
My petty revenge on working with the worst human I've yet to encounter.
My coattails only bring you so far
New Yorkers tend to stick together despite our hateful nature... (petty revenge for someone else)
Be annoying, enjoy some shitty formatting
Making crazy demands when buying my house, threatening me with your dad's lawyers? You should probably change the accounts on the smart home devices.
Oh, you think our stereo is too loud?
Do you like your muffin buttered?
Infant magnetar 240years old neutron star observed after brust
Bullied the bully
Roommate forces me to move out of our apartment in the middle of a blizzard
Don’t waste my time
Embarrass and harass me at work? I'll just let you destroy your career by trying to illegally fire me.
Don't be rude to my guests
My wife let it drop during couple’s counseling that she is filing for divorce and seeking full custody of the kids.
Invade our space? Enjiy sand in your face!
my aunt had a special brithday present for my uncle after he didn‘t get her anything for her bd
Dress Up
It's small but it's mine
Drive-through petty revenge
Revenge on snowblower man.
I quit, and destroyed all my self-written manuals.
Bad internet
I got revenge on my girlfriend for breaking up on me
How I exposed this mean Snapchat girl on insta
Your insurance fraud won't include my power bill.
Sweet sweet revenge on my History teacher
Kick me out of the house for no reason? I'm taking the batteries.
Bullying during Religious Education class? Go to hell.
I said please, lady - please
Meh...not the best...but it's petty
Complain About The Shower? Have Fun being cold :)
What type of non-lethal, limited-harm booby trap can be set up for a 5 gallon plastic gas can thief?
Truck taking up 3 spots.
Guess who's parking by the trash cans now, bitch.
spit spitipiti spit !
A long, fuck you to everyone who has wronged me.
How I stopped a kid from taking my chair
Disrespectful employer gets a taste of her own medicine
Trying to pass a semi with a road rager
Roommate takes the guy I’m dating so I...
Shout At Me In Front Of Everybody For Being 5ft Away From a Bus Stop...? I Report You For Not Wearing Your Mask Properly
Tumblr users profiting off of this subreddit?
Skate ramp is too dangerous?
Solved Last Problem For Physics Problem, Didn't Tell Creepy Guy the Answer
Blame me for your tardiness? I'll make you actually late.
Send me a needlessly rude email, will you?
9 companies sending me the same junk mail offers. Fine! You’ll get the other companies junk mail back.
Revenge that got out of hand
Petty Pokemon Revenge
Revenge on cheating ex
Lazy people in my group project look stupid on presentation day
My dad’s petty revenge
Bibbity bobbity boo i got revenge on yo...myself
Maybe you shouldn't speed, or maybe stop being a bitch? (Sort of petty)
Because I don't date f...
Sweet, Shitty revenge
Don't sit against my table
Mother-in-Law deletes most Netflix to watch list
Salty attitude? Okay then, salty milk it is
We'll give you something to complain about (xpost from /r/talesfromcallcenters)
Failed two female students
Petty kindergarten revenge
Steal my stuff because I didn't do your project for you? I'll destroy your precious little highlighters.
I lied and stopped my bully from drinking!
Hellish downstairs tenant tries to intimidate me, I don't advise him of planned water shutoff
Vegan Sausage Rolls
The Saga of the Ongoing Racquetball War
My dummy ex.
Needs ideas for old scam my wife got sucked up in.
Steal my phone? Have fun being an outcast.
Point out that I need to mow? Not gonna happen
I stole class sets and drove my teacher to the edge
Lady sits on our reserved seats,gets denied by vice-principal
Not a story but need suggestions for revenge
Glandular fever-infused tea
That was the best grilled chicken I ever ate.
Use me for free meals? Wait until you get called out in front of the band.
Girl hides my bag so I drop hers in water
“You can copy my test, it might not be right though”
I was in the shower, sorry honey
No Fieldtrip For Me? Hmm
I lived a bloodless version of Kill Bill in the 8th grade
Thanks for the cheap gas😈
The Doughnut
Be an asshole little brother? Get some (mild) revenge.
Be condescending? Ok, I'll just sit here quietly.
Never mess with the computer nerd
I almost do this daily at my job as a traffic controller.
Karma for real estate agent
Getting revenge for my sister.
I want to send flowers to my friends bitch of an ex girlfriend. The goal is to "kill her with kindness". What's something really passive aggressive I could put on the card to get her blood boiling?The best revenge is living well
You going to insult me? Be prepared for my petty revenge
Need idea for some petty revenge.
Don't mess with musicians
Spam/text my cheating husbands number with anything 928-814-7355
Daughter gets revenge on slime stealing bully!
Snobby, judgmental saleslady missed out on a MASSIVE commission check that day $$
Careful who you say doesn't have balls
Long line at the post office.
Play stupid and toxic games, hope you like your BAN.
Ignore my greeting. Wait outside in the cold...
You buy my supplies out and you sell it for more will get ready.
My dog is actually very far from 'lame', thank you.
Have the students build it...
Listen, I'm the King of the Hill
Fuck it now!
Trying to steal a parking spot? Good luck finding one at all!
Milk's gone bad
Assistant Manager Revenge
Ruin our garden? hope you love an uno reverse card!
I put a fake note on a Corvettes windshield that read "Sorry I hit your car, you probably won't even notice the damage".
Bestfriend/coworker gets me fired for her mistakes. Comes back later to bite her in the arse.
My Boyfriend Rejects Two Girls I Hate
IDK if this is what this sub is about. But this lady sued Wal Mart over a $0.02 discrepancy on her receipt.
Grow a pair if you've got a problem
DON't thank me, I'll buy something you don't like
You won't let me sleep? Enjoy the loud alarm!
Driving can be fun
This is Gonna Cost Me $300
This is a story on how I got my shitty family member to blow dry his Xbox and brake it with the help of karma.
Guy breaks rules and messes with my friend. I mess with his
Revenges a Karen
Here's your food.....
Cut me off in the parking lot?
They screamed at me...
Set up whatever you like, I'm not playing along
We may be band geeks, but we have a trunk full of tools and 15 minutes.
Wife gets me pretty good
Smarmy car salesman thinks he's cool. Hope he likes the new salt n cheese Rockstar.
Enjoy the cracked one asshole.
Guy on train was being an asshat to me in the middle of phone calls. I lean in towards him and shout into phone 'Your friend is a real asshole!'
Revenge Inside the West Wing and White House - Told as Apolitically as Possible
You HAVE to come in! No, I am in Guatemala.
Enjoy the coffee, you gun-toting asshat.
You threaten me? Guess you'll pay for my new door now.
Ideas for petty revenge?
Teacher can't read my writing so I make sure everybody knows
Respectfully resigning
Mormons? Yes, please!
Update: Pizza
airplane seat recliner
Neighbors are out!
Cut me off? Have fun walking.
Dryers
Petty Revenge long in the Making
Cab got tampered meter
False advertising revenge, backfired.
"Can I have your name?" "no."
How can I take revenge on the guy who started dating my crush before I had the courage to express my feelings for her??😞
Pretty sure she caused her own embarrassment.
Housemates messing with the internet? No that won’t do
I tattled on a coworker who hated the job and attempted to make my life hell at work for months... now he got fired.
Jerked off to Hotties for Trump with my LEFT hand.
Not so bright now, are you?
My mom messes with her annoying pharmacist.
I downvoted every single one of someone’s posts and comments who was asking for free karma bc they seemed like a genuine asshole.
I need help from the kings and queens of pettiness
Oh honey, just some friendly advice? Stop being a judgemental asshole.
Tailgating Petty Revenge
Neighbor killed my dog so we made sure he will never live down the guilt.
We need to reserve this totally empty room? Okay, have it your way
Bad mouth my husband and I after taking you and your baby in? Have fun with absolutely no help now and a police escort off my property
Help me enact subtle revenge on the upstairs neighbors!
Just because my car can go fast, doesn't mean I have to.
Can't eat my food in here? Fine, I'll do it on your bed.
Mac and cheese
Apparently you folks really like parking lot payback stories. Well, here's one with photos AND a video.
The Lecherous Judge
No sales for rude people
Had to find hours finding the right guy.
Revenge of the Cookies
Kick me out of the house? Have fun going to Walgreens!
Parking revenge.
I feel pretty good about this one.
Got an annoying piece of crap banned from his favorite server
You didn't listen to me so now you fail.
Two Stories, one is mine
Since we're posting about project partners.
Struggle over baby wipes
Question: Yard sign theft deterrent
Someone got (pro?) petty revenge against me and I don't even know what for
Help with Harley Neighbors
Park over the line and take up 2 parks? Good luck getting into your car!
Students strike back
I poked holes in my own air mattress after it got stolen
Dealing with the psycho, Starla
I want revenge, could you help me?
Telemarketer called several times and then hung up on me when I called back...
Door crasher
Use the bar
Thanks for paying for my lunch!
PSA: Need to get some petty revenge, I have the tool for you!
Honk at me at a red light? I'll honk at you at a red light!
Entitled girl gets what's coming to her in my building's lift.
Write fake reviews in my name, get bad fake reviews.
Try to fake a homosexual relationship with me to embarrass me?
Being a jerk, demanding I pour more Gin in your drink because you claim I put to little. There's only one way to find out.
Juvenile Revenge
Pizza karen!
Scumbag Home-Healthcare Aide
Fired me? Well the curse got you.
I killed My First YouTube Hater With Kindness
Everyone's got selective hearing in pharmacy
Taking advantage of the shoe shine guy? Really?
Threw smug coworker under the bus.
Bully Me? Tell me to Kill Myself everyday? Hope you miss your game.
I annoyed my substitute
Accuse me of public urination? Good luck getting my parking spot, lady.
Hurt my feelings and ruin my vacation? Let me slightly confuse you for weeks.
Driver blocks sidewalk, I block traffic lane
Wake me up in my hotel room? Less tip for you.
a fishy tale
Please do not wipe the party.
No thank you? No help.
You can't stand on the sidewalk like everyone else? Enjoy my cheering in your ear.
As a Valet Driver
My mother made fun of my anxiety disorder in front of her side of the family
I indirectly destroyed my douchebag coworker's phone.
Break my birthday present? well then...let the games begin...
Skull yeah
Coworker quit without notice and begged for her job back
No, the world does not revolve around you.
You better lock your car if you want to cheat in it.
Revenge on my brother who is the purest example of an unaccomplished egoistic asshole
Ditched my prom “date”
Petty revenge against my boyfriend's parents... Feels so good
My misfortune with a foul mouthed cleaner. Its a long story
When you try to get someone in trouble
Lost and Not Found
Petty Milk Revenge. (Long w/ Context)
The most petty of revenge against a roommate who can't put his shower gel away.
My Halloween revenge
wasted a cold callers time
getting even with the ex-girlfriend's parents
Over spray used right!
Yeah, 13 year olds can know more than one language.
Just Move the Dang Motorcycle
Idea for Revenge
I'm on hold? You're on hold! Everybody's on hold!
Walkex (Walk Coin) - ICO rating and detailsMum gets cheated on, makes a special meal for cheating husband.
I respect you, you respect me. It's simple.
Misplaced screens, misplaced cables.
I'm not your maid.
Scam artist, oh really tough guy?
Just a little revenge against mom.
"I was attacked by a karen
Try to extort money from me? Enjoy furry porn.
The right place and the wrong speed.
Tell me to hurry up? Fine, but I’m having your towels.
The smell makes me vomit... ALL over her.
These Fourth graders
Pettiness By Omission- hope you get a ticket
Take things up to the top? My pleasure!
I am NOT your maid, you idiot
Fed Ex guy inadvertently guilt-trips shitty night clerk into eating my boogers.
Sometimes the toes you step on...
Fart revenge
Be rude to the fast food worker that serves your food?
Liars never prosper
You just wasted your time, even tho you cut the line.
You keep me up late I’ll wake you up early
Snowmiser shared an apartment with Heatmiser in college and got her revenge come spring...
Server gets a tip alright
Eating fists
My cat is a dick...
Thermostat wars with roommate
Where do I go to annoy the shit out of someone who fucked me over? (Their number below)
Try to steal my girlfriend after stealing my iPod? Nah.
Coffee shop put my sandwich on a roll instead of a croissant.
Making Tracks
Uno Reversed My Neighbors
I used imaginary snot to psychologically destroy my opponent in a road rage incident. No Regrets.
Have an ice day!
Will I get in trouble for getting someone’s number spammed with calls?
My revenge on my sister
DCFS in FL opened up a child support case against my child’s father
Sister stuck on toilet for taking my shirt
Piss me off, I'll get your Ex-GF hired.
world problems
My favorite teacher came in for the win
I need your help!
bruther stole my headphones
Don't cut in line at the bar, bitch!
Block a heavily traveled lane with your cart? Have fun finding it.
Please stop at the STOP sign
Talk on your phone while driving? Not if Dave Grohl has anything to say about it!
Ideas on how to get revenge on an identity thief?
Petty revenge for emotional abuse.
U take my door I play loud music
Comedian Adam Ray tells hilarious revenge story from his days at Albertson's supermarket (Spotify link)
Petty Revenge goes both ways...
I'm not in a rush to be anywhere now
Looking for suggestions to get back at a friend.
Unplanned revenge on a pushy police officer (X from tifu)
Keep your facebook account private
Parent stops me from listening to music
I'm Not Your Mailman
Minivan blocks traffic in parking structure by waiting for car to leave, so I take her spot.
Winning the break-up
My neighbor made fun of my game so I turned the tables on her
Bad person. Is... Me! A tale of some slapstick convenience store interaction. (cross post from /r/badpeoplestories
Some fun for the community
Steal my chips, hope they’re not to sour.
You'll have to give my thing back although I won't give your pen back. My grandma really likes that pen.
My girlfriend demands that I always keep the toilet seat down
Racist bartender gets a taste of her own medicine
Enjoy your shopping cart!
Really, it’s closed.
Kid gets screamed at by half of the school for insulting my friend.
Participation doesn't matter, huh?
Post office does not like wet boxes. Nor do I.
Steal my pizza? Have fun drinking water.
But wait, there's more!
US widow to European scammer: “If you’re legit, you have nothing to worry about . . . “
Never bullshit a bullshitter
You use my ex's phone to text me hateful things about my daughter.
Steal my bed? Ok, have fun being deported
How do you feel being surprised attacked by the shower head every god damn time now sister?
Shitty waitress,shitty tip
Oh no, dear. No cutting today.
Dont mess with me...
A lady wouldn't leave me alone while I packed groceries, so I took longer than need be
Drive safe motherfucker
My friend uses my eBay to trade without my knowledge, so I share some wedding promotions with him
I dated a gold digger
Should I bust the party?
Epilepsy does not equal stupid.
I ask nicely for 7 years
My petty revenge made an annoying coworker quit.
Take up two parking spaces...have some breakfast!
I convinced my little sister that our house is haunted...
Send me an abusive message about your lies, how about I expose your nudes.
Never Underestimate my Passive-Agression
My boyfriend and I got in a small argument.
a little 4th grade incident (it's just a repost i made but it wasn't that serious to be put in r/prorevenge)
Revenge for an inconsiderate parking job.
Attempt to steal my pen: Denied
If you think you can start a laundry war with me and get away with it, you are dearly mistaken
Dealing with noisy neighbors.
Quit before the busiest day of the year
An eye for an eye.
Don't mess with my commute
You get the cold shoulder!
Don't tip me? I'll potentially ruin your collegiate career.
This is a story that happened on New Years
For all those early mornings you've scared the hell out of me.
Help me /r/PettyRevenge! You're my only hope...
Fire Me? I'll show them your browsing history
I told you I don't want to drink......
Boss was a scrooge over biscuits and ended up costing the company $4,000
Your gonna make me miss class? Gonna waste your time too.
It had already been a long day, and you are not helping.
i will write 3 pages
Make me stay at work late, have fun spending your new years covered in syrup
Be patient at the ATM
REVENGE ON MY COP CALLING NEIGHBOR
Fooled you, pussycat.
Lost a bet, getting my nails painted.
Death by Sound of Music
Farting on a rude passenger.
Hit my friend? enjoy having no friends
When your impatience over pizza and disrespect to employees gets you what you deserve. (x-post r/MaliciousCompliance)
Mess up my desk!? I'll take your Craisins AND your mug!!
Don't text while you're doing your job!
Asshole customer
Lunchroom bandit gets just deserts.
Declined my call because of something very important.
Clean up after your dog.
Yes, I heard your name loud and clear
I need a life partner here for marriage
I'm not that stupid.
I “buy” annoying kid fortnite and ban him from “his own account”
I told you to stop kicking me
lorem
Ruin my sleep will you?
If Im gonna do the time, I might as well commit the crime...
Don't shove me across the court
Paint our fence, enjoy the polka dots!
Give my daughter spoiled medicine I’ll take report you to the state
Water is wet! Or is it...
Honk at me for obeying traffic laws? Have fun being stuck behind me driving 10mph
My Boss Tried to Blackmail Me
Screw You.
Don't annoy me (family not exempted).
Oi, I was here first
Neighbour woke us up with his music I wonder if it's on bluetooth
How do I get revenge if I only have the person's phone number?
Driving right on my arse at 45mph? Have fun doing 25. Accidental Revenge.
Kid runs away with my Pokémon cards.
Petty Merger Revenge
Make me feel awful every time I talk to you? Fine, I won't tell you about something you're excited for.
I hated my last company so I bought a single share of stock before I left.
Child's Play
So y'all don't wanna flush?!
60 year old vs Me (19)
Workout revenge
Your "good guy act" is very see through.
Harass our ankles, choke!
Dude I tried to tell you...
My petty revenge on Keanu Reeves
Don't mess with my Grampa.
Take our chairs, I'll make sure you don't get yours
They're MY grapes.
Accuse me of eating your cashews all the time? Say goodbye to those cashews.
I can be petty too
Marriage and it's Rewards
Small Barnes and Nobles Revenge
Got revenge on my girlfriends family at church today
Pettyrevenge on my brother
You want to lie to customers?
Reddit gold punishment
Self important prick gets utterly petty revenge
Cheating boyfriend gets hat snatched
Everyone, The time has come.
Tasty revenge for my small portion of pickles
Use the dryer you share with three other roommates as your dresser for weeks? At least don't be a dick about it.
Tried to get my car towed, gets his instead
Science Teacher Tries to Embarrass Me only to end up embarrasing himself.
Call me gay? You shall bleed
Tricked my mom into finally admitting that my cooking was good.
Absolute Psycho almost ruined my dream job, but I subtly mindfucked her
Too close for comfort? Too bad.
Well that was a stupid thing to do
A little tale of my ex step-bitch
Don't be rude and expect me to do you a favor
Working in at the gym
Help please
Bullshit Fees are Non-Nogotiable? Don't Worry, Your Contract With my Landlord is.
Won’t watch your kids or make them maintain a reasonable volume? We’ll blast you.
Screw my school rep? say goodbye to your instagram
Shitty roommate revenge
Buddy gives my sold-out ticket to his girlfriend
Hate on my best friend? Get taken down :)
Don't take up the whole pavement with your friend.
Want to cause discomfort to my ex? Just bored out of your mind? Click here!
There was a spike in fire boots until it all came crashing down.
Pizza Revenge
Try washing your hands now, you bastards.
Guy was in a hurry and being a pain so my dad makes him take some time out.
Revenge as only a 5 Year Old can Deliver it.
Coworker’s “minor inconveniences”
The Musical Karma Train
Won't let me in? Why not a ticket instead?
If it’s change you want, it’s change you shall get
Invisible Employee/Raging Beast - lol
My petty revenge against a bitchy ex employer
Petty Revenge Over A Video Game Poster
Fido Mobile went back on a deal they promised me, so I cost them twice as much as the deal would have.
Please don't tailgate!
Bullying me? well I hope you got copies of all your notes
Here is the note from the doctor
Enjoy the smell...
I stole my sugar daddy's dream girl..
Bitch about the day shift ? join them..
My girlfriend complained about me on /r/pettyrevenge, so I used her computer to edit her complaint while she was sleeping
Oh, you messed up my friend? Then I'll spoil the game for you.
Give me detention for not having a glue stick and humiliate me? Say goodbye to your entire Harry Potter book collection.
Fuck your doors
The Great Amoeba Caper.
The tortoise and the hare (remix)
My teacher made me flip a card in first grade so I hid her keys
Is this the right place? Petty Revenge.
Your room is not yours
Construction stories- 4 stories
Residential Zone Tail-Gater? Eat Pavement.
My aunt is accused me of being a paid troll so I called the bank to cut off her supplementary card registered under my CC
Joe's Brownie
Insult me? Make me feel like second best? I'll give your bed away bitch!
girl tells me to shut so i mock her
make me awake at 4 am ? enjoy random calls
Text me photos of your dick
Take my things? Okay, have fun with empty cabinets!
It may be wrong to exact vengeance on a little old lady, but this one deserved it.
chew me out for your car repair bill? lose your A/C during a heat wave!Shitty room mate has no idea...
Fart in my room and leave?
Telesales are so annoying
Call me lazy? Alright, I'll be lazy.
Don't mess with the hostess
My roommate sucked... but her rice cooker didn’t.
Petty revenge at the water park.
Yell at me over the phone? No Fortnite for you.
Revenge on my engineering teacher
Wake me up at 3am? Prepare to be snuggled!
Just curious, have any of you posters ever had revenge taken on you for you enacting revenge on the original offender?
Enjoy paying full price for gas!!
Cheated on boyfriend gets justice
I started hiding their things.
I'm sick of this song.
You can't have both lanes.
"I'm separating you by race." Alright, I'll just stand you up in front of the class.
The Toilet Paper Wars: A Party Boy Story
I really hope you enjoy card shuffling
What's that sound you ask? The sweet sound of revenge.
Would you like a napkin?
Almost got truck mashed so I mashed him and his car
Don't leave your laundry unattended!
Need help, roomate(s) keep using my bathwater and never replace it. Wanna find a way on how to catch whos using it.
We need your help for some petty "revenge" - Tricking a friend into thinking a fake person actually exists
Too much perfume? Well then your car is blocked in
Mr. Sunshine
Well, waking an entire Boy Scout troop isn't going to go over well...
Petty revenge is a dish best served with donuts.
GNC Sales Rep
Pretend you don't know me, OK i'll troll you.
Oops.
Pay back one drop at a time.
Drama Llama is a Sticker Thief
That one time i stabbed a dude :)
Guy breaks my minecraft server so i scare the shit out of him
Sister lied about being abused... so I ruined her to the family and to her friends.
I’ve got time to waste and a weird sense of humour- petty revenge on a telephone scammer
I was fucked up kid
Anyone ever get into petty fights?
Airline Employee Pt. II
Revenge on a Train
Works on EVERYONE
I Drained My Mom's Bank Account when I Turned 18
When is it ok to take revenge?
Missing Tupperware
New website to Review &amp; list bad landlords, bad real estate rental managers, and bad rental properties.
cheat on me w/ a hooter’s girl?
Want me to put a mailbox in? 'Kay.
Abuse my trust and friendship? Big mistake.
I egged my neighbor’s house because he threatened my dog and I.
The Whole Kiwi
Breakin' in a new office chair.
Rude man gets his just desserts
Crazy girl’s bully behavior gets put on blast
To my asshole work supervisor:
Mess with my exam? I mess with yours.
Simple elevator revenge
Annoyingly text a stranger repeatedly? Enjoy your real estate advertisements.
Delayed revenge on a HS teacher
Spagetti-o's and Meatballs
Stealing my parking spot....fine ill make sure you go to jail.
Fuck with my friends? I’ll get you banned from servers you’re in.
You can have it
Turning bullies against each other with the power of photo editing
Paper or plastic? None, thank you.
A classic case of penny revenge
Slutty College Dorm Mate Revenge
brotherly love
Make a bad joke? I won't talk to you.
Be rude to service? I’ll charge you more 💁‍♂️
Exit ramp revenge
This might be too petty for this place
Call my teacher sexist? hope you enjoy suspension.
(Gaming) Some Battlefield Revenge
10 YEAR REVENGE PLANS, AND A FEW USEFUL POINTERS ON WHAT TO DO AND WHAT NOT TO DO
Slow Leak?
Feeling Too Nostalgic to Change the Conversation
How my bully got kicked out of school
"You're a jerk because you won't help me because I yelled at you"
KS me? Ok, lets see how you like corpse runs.
Someone stole other's work. I took revenge.
Guest is nasty? Take revenge!
Throw a can at my car? Officer, I swear he was drunk...
Last day of work - Autocorrect
Continue to aggressively tailgate me because you're late taking your kids to school? Guess you'll be even more late now you have to wait behind me, while i stop and allow every car from every side street join in front of me BECAUSE I'M IN NO RUSH TODAY
Don’t be a idiot in a crowded hallway
Don't you just hate when people leave their cart in the middle of the parking lot?
I said I wanted to sit alone
My friends crush messes with my friend I mess with her
Cheating girlfriend - Ruining her image revenge
Doucher in my history class.
My revenge on orange man
Infected my freind's computer with a virus? Gonna delete every single account of yours in discord (bad grammar warning)
What can I do the exterior of someone’s house that doesn’t cause genuine damage but will be an absolute mission to clean up
Covid revenge
Icebreaker vs Coke Zero
A Silent but Deadly End to an EP
Make me fix your incompetent mistakes? Enjoy opening a new penny roll!
My revenge letter to the girl who ruined my life.
Juicy Revenge
Try and get a cheap photoshoot because Im broke annd you are leaving the country? Joke is on you.
Honking for me to turn on red.
You Know You Car Has Reverse Right?
Have fun with my papers!
I keep a door locked at work
"Hills have Eye" reject family seriously injures brother who's on military leave. Revenge is sweet.
Enjoy your blurry, shaky wedding video.
Pettiest revenge back in High School
You beat me senseless in boarding school? I’ll let you have no internet access and overcharge you!
Summer camp card thief
Take my spot? Have fun driving home!
Nephew is a fucking dick, so I shut off the wifi.
Lunch thief gets a surprise
Still my stash and deny it ? Take a hot hit
You want to be a bully? I'll take extra care of your yearbook photos.
Landlord didn’t want to replace the mailbox key
Getting choked by a student, then revenge comes
Won't let me watch my movie in peace? I'll make sure you can never sit in front of the TV again
Colleague goes on holiday and leaves no instructions, leaves me out to dry. Revenge is sweet!
You curse my friends at PS4? How about I expose you in return?
Kid was being a prat so I wiped the smirk off his soul.
Plane full of petty revengers.
Cyclist revenge
Too Good to Be True?
Boyfriend didn't reply to an urgent question
So you want to call me a 'Cow'???
Thanksgiving is over. It's time to go, Honey.
Neighbors throw their dog's waste in my yard. They got it back, processed.
Spoiled college roommate gets very petty payback
Really, I just wanted to get to the restroom.
My friend's bicycle got stolen, we caught the thief red handed
The Mythical Beef Burrito
Enjoy the change
Clean the frakkin dishes
$800 Mistake
Refer to me with a slur? Good luck getting into college.
Don't make fun of my music
Nosey Co-Worker Revenge
NofreewififorSNItCHES
Stay classy in the carpool lane
See how slowly I can walk, bitches
I’ve been getting back at my brother by creating minor inconveniences in his life.
A father's day tale of breakfast and pizza
Gonna fuck up the dishes? You don't get dishes anymore.
Roommate keeps borrowing my mug
How I ruined my brother's meal after he sabotaged my drink.
Short but sweat
Was supposed to live with this girl and her friend, lied to my face until it was to late to get other roommates then kicked me out for stupid reasons
Enjoy your watered down cat food
Gave the dishwasher something to do.
Log Flume Ride Revenge
Cats, a sad 5yr old daughter and a bitch of a lady
Staff duty nco pisses on floor, I make sure he touches it
Lets go
I get revenge on a woman at the zoo
Need Help For Revenge
"Sorry, were out of quarters..."
steal our make up and clothes? ur possessions must not matter too much
Charge me extra? Guess you forgot that time is money as well...
How do you communicate your victory?
You filled my room with balloons?!
Keep Your Hands to Yourself
You don’t care about my kids’ health, then I don’t care about yours.
Supervisor is a dick!
Hung by your own honors cord
You trying to farm negative karma with your purposely inflammatory comments?
Rude angry lady gets the back of my seat
Petty revenge inspired by an old r/pettyrevenge post
I'm constantly confronted by horrible parking jobs that are selfish and make my life more difficult
I sqrewed people over because they're mean
Stack your shit somewhere else.
Coffee Shop WoW
leave your underwear laying around? enjoy not having any
Finally manged to use one of my grandma's favorite cards against her
Went out on a High Note
Lady, Your Morning Commute is About to Get a Little Longer
My wife doesn't appreciate my "channel flipping."
Don't steal from me
Tiny tale of petty revenge: communal laundry
Sharing water only works if you actually contribute water occasionally instead of just taking them
Don't tailgate my dad.
I am woken up...
Lesson learned: never offer to help an egomaniac in World of Warcraft
I wasn't good enough to be in this girls group, so I get her to leave.
My mom wouldn't stop antagonizing me.
Troll me with your voice mail? Have fun trying to call me back.
Used my Ex's bathroom
Phone operators need to be shown some respect too
I shared insults a man sent me on Facebook Marketplace to his friends
Make me look bad for no reason in front of a customer will you?
You like peeing on the building and making my store smell like piss? I’ll teach some manners
Petty revenge on 2013 Miss America candidate
Parking lot fun
'I won't talk about it in front of you'
Partner leaves stuff lying around...
funn revenge on a mate
You didn't go to college so you don't know what you are talking about.
Years ago I lived in an apartment complex
That's some spicy chicken
This kid was being a dick so we did this
Enjoy the back of the line
Found out my best friend/house mate was sleeping with my ex husband
I can speak your language, but I don't want to
Watching Porn On A School Laptop ? Well Get Exposed!
Enjoy the rash!
3rd grade drama
Put the lives of people and dogs at risk? Lose your best friend.
Driver Safety is Important
I left my cheating ex-girlfriend homeless
Dont kill kids asshat!
Well, are you leaving or not?!
Next Christmas...
You'll never work here again
Neglect to play the games you asked me to bring? Booby-trapped faucet it is!
Enjoy washing your face with your pee
Exposed my secret hatred of my classmates during a presentation
I screwed over my ex, literally.
Annoying classmateTake my WoW character, lose yours.
Petty revenge on driving school scamming 600$ from me
Someone keeps stealing my food from the community fridge...
The Irony...
An Odd Petty-Mind Revenge
Lie to me about what you're doing on social media? I'll steal your username that you also use for every other site and gaming platform
Steal my coffee creamer and put the empty bottle back? Enjoy diarrhea!
Exploding Juice
Quick Revenge Story
Keep trying to pass me? Enjoy being trapped in traffic
Recline on a 30 minute flight? :)
Petty annoyance
Promotion turns coworker into a snob and me into a petty ass
The blue "r"
Blocking the hallway? Get stepped on
I kept reckless driver from not being able to park at the bank.
The trash deserved the popcorn more than you did.
Oh, did you want some? Then you should have asked.
Be A Douche to Me and Everyone Else? Enjoy Your Punishment.
I made a lazy person do a bunch more work before leaving.
Satisfying Revenge on Co-worker
You copy my work? Okay, fine. Lie about? Let me share your grade with the class.
Mock me? Ejoy your handful of change.
revenge call
Pencil to the ear, motherfucker
Friend pulled a terrible E.R. prank on me that almost got me a ticket, so I thought I’d make him pay for it - in cash
Don't promise what you won't deliver
Lazy snowflake was making other employees miserable until the upper management found something
The most petty thing happened to me today
Half of school comes to local shop.
My roommate doesn't enjoy doing dishes while i'm gone part deux
The Piss Disk
I was obliterated by karma
Sweet revenge?
Office Fantasy Football is meant for fun, make another person feel like shit? You don't get your guy either.
Sit Here, Not Asking? Have Some Literal Poison Fish Soup!
Over A Parking Spot..
Good luck retrieving your bike!
Try to make me do illegal/shady stuff and I'll make sure that everyone knows about it.
You want to steal my spot? Let me show you what petty revenge is.
Avoid helping me clean the apartment? Then I'll avoid cleaning any of the community areas.
(self) Thug loses his guardian angel
Dumb*ss Driver(s)
Bully horse gets what's coming.
NSFW Steal tea, drink pee.
If you're going to violate quarantine and disparage people who clean then fuck your photos
My Favorite
Asshole biker gets stuck between me and trailer, road rages his way into missing his exit
Spite pizza
How rude of you... and me.
Don't always assume someone can't speak English.
We stranded a histrionic mooch at the airport for four days"Re: Re: Did You Get My Message? PLS REPLY URGENT!!"
I like to weldI'm going to enjoy the movie in peace, please
Got back at my friend who embarrassed her friends for years using one quick folder.
Say goodbye to your boat.
Lazy programmer gets a taste of my own "Medicine".
The government gets what the government wants. And a whole lot more.
Don't pay me? Now your website is down for good. Good luck competing with the new studio in town.
Driving like an asshole is one thing, but this was too far
Be a horrible person to me for all of my life? Have fun not going to Disney World
The time I ruined my high school teachers career and got her fired in the greatest way possible.
Pringles and Mountain Dew
Why a slumlord now hates me
Steal my can of Coke at work? Replace it and get told off!
Don't pull out in front of me.
I can drive like an asshole too
Did you *really* just eat my chili?
My roommate said he better not hear my alarm clock go off at 4am on a Saturday, so I set it for 3:59. That lucky bastard doesn't have to be at work until 9.
Fakes a car accident. Underestimates mother and social media.
I slapped a kid for splashing me in the eye with juice he found on the ground
Don't make your Uber driver wait and then show up drunk with a bottle of beer in your hand.
Tiny tasting revenge
My college roommate
The missing key...
Do NOT mess with my kid
Mess with my friend? Recieve unrelenting hellfire of eggs and dye for the next three years.
Stalker girl won't leave my friend alone, so I post an ad asking for sex with her number and photo.
Car-ma: A Tale of Parking Spot Revenge
Little things
My boss has been stalling my career for personal reasons, so I'll get back at him where he feels "safe" and in control
Toxic “friend” doesn’t get his study guide
Corn Chip Pal
Gonna sprint out of the Home Depot garden department with a bucket full of stolen supplies? Take the license plate off your stupid, shitty car next time.
Oh, now you’ll drive fast? I can slow down like you, I’m in no rush
Don't stop slapping me? Enjoy paying £30 for a new driving license
My wife's petty revenge against me
Sorry! I can't do business on MY Sabbath, either!
Keep the change you succubus hag
The light
Bristol man gets revenge by texting works of Shakespeare to rogue internet seller.
Awful hotel? You got the wrong one.
Exact change
Yes, Trump IS President, but...
Things Aren't Always What They Seem
"Sorry, that's not my job"
What’s the difference between a porcupine and a BMW?
Don't wear your strappy sandals to the front row of a concert, honey.
I like to feed the ducks by my house. Anytime one nips at the others to bully them out of food, I throw some on top of it so they all chomp at its back.
A young bully finds her ruin at the hands of STARS
Maybe next time, you'll ask permission
Milky revenge
REVENGE WITH GREAT MANNERS! WE NEED YOU! WORLD WIDE CASTING: Open to all languages, ages, genders, locations! Docu-reality series casting call! (US reality show filming in China)
How I got back at a girl who hurt me emotionally.
Made me feel better...
Sit on my bed?
Entitled brat thinks he can make all the decisions for our DND group, gets wrecked
Sneezing
How selfish do you have to be to blast your music in a drive thru
Got fed up with a lazy ass co-worker.
Don't come in 1 minute until closing time and be rude to your server
You need three Xbox? Seriously?
Guy is offering anonymous stink bomb letters to your enemies! hahaha i bought one
Keep using my yard and fence as a short cut, enjoy washing that shit off your hands without the right soap.
Curse me out? Ok I’ll mail you glitter.
Don’t fuck with the Marines
Don't throw your shitty work to me!
You guys want to drive recklessly?
Why she's my best bud
Friends wasted my time so I wasted theirs
Came across this and thought I'd share. Kid bites person, person fucks with the mother.
steal my phone have fun having your burger stolen
Who wants to help me get petty revenge on a pedo rapist
Cv
Precious BMW taking up two spots?
Kicked out of a GCSE group project for having cancer
Have fun with wet laundry, buddy
So you're gonna complain about the AC? Have another degree.
The one where I try to get petty revenge on a raccoon
Won't merge properly? I'll make sure it doesn't matter.
Make me redo the document to your standards...no problem
The Pettiest Revenge *I think*
Trespass ? Enjoy walking into a horror movie
Karen learned the hard way to not be rude to her mechanic
Random instagrammer claims to know my IP address, gets DDOS’d
I ate my ex-boyfriend’s banana
Set up right next to me and my date with 3 kids when the whole restaurant's empty? Enjoy their pertussis.
Having a blast ! How about you ?
Have fun counting.
My Rude Principal
Argue with me over 30 cents? I'll take $25 instead.
Good luck with your lecture!
I've made your bed now lie in it
Disney World: The Pettiest Place on Earth
Steal my spot and leave your dog in the car?
""Be a good neighbour"" says the harassing note
The Dog Next Door was Avenged. Netgear Gets All the Credit. Behold The Power of Dual Band!
Want to bum a cig? Fine by me.
How I got my pesky uncle locked in a hospital
The Toilet Paper Revolution
When someone I'm having a discussion with someone on reddit and they downvote me for disagreeing with me, I use RES to tag them "downvotes people who disagree" and then downvote them and upvote their opponents when I come across them later
Best Revenge is a Good Life
Handyman dobbed on me for petsitting 2 dogs.. i turned his phone into torment
Best friend dates my crush? I expose her cheating.
Sorority sister slept with my ex so I spammed her phone number.
You where horrible and now you need a job?
Revenge against Flight attendant
And IM combative?
Rebound
Insult me repeatedly while I’m uncomfortable, then get it right back
Bookworm's Revenge
I cleaned up after a disgusting roommate.
My sister's ex-boyfriend which I absolutely hate once slapped my beloved 10-year-old nephew. This is how I took my revenge and most importantly avenged the smol boi in a couple assorted petty manners:
You're JAYWALKING!!
I dont care if theirs a line, I was 8 sandwiches! (EP meets petty revenge)
Administrators/owners of Reddit are possibly having their own little revenge.
How about I help to dry your laundry for you?
Betray me then propose? I’ll turn you down and make your Discord vanish.
Want to get engaged at my wedding?
Refuse to clean? Have fun with your smelly room!
More crack head Tim revenge.
Eye for an eye, soap for a soap
Work made me detail my own car that I bought so I leaned how to do an expensive paint treatment.
Petty Revenge at the Gas station
Best friend hurt me
Trick me into being drunk to sleep with me, get pushed for 7 months and get pure capsaicin crystals in your beer
Revenge on Asshole Roommate
It's MY gum
Petty revenge at KFC
What's your favorite ''kill them with kindness'' petty revenge story?
Don't split Easter eggs fairly, be hungrier for the rest of the holiday
my speakers are louder than your dogs
X-post from a comment I made on (https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/5ewcpo/retail_workers_of_reddit_whats_your_black_friday/) Hope you enjoy.
Choosing Beggars get what's coming to 'em. (not "pro" enough)
Every now and then, I attach my former boss's phone number to a craigslist ad for a free tv in Manhattan
ex
Like Motel 6
Be nice to the deli workers.
Got deported from Canada, United Airlines then stranded me.
Abusive Step-dad gets a "special" revenge beverage, and a dose of Karma
I got revenge on someone...and barely did a thing to do it.
Revenge on the Little Sister
Sleep with my boyfriend? Have fun with no furniture, Wi-fi or power!
Boyfriend Gossips About Me? Publicly Shame Him And Lose Him.
Ants
Ha. That'll show him.
Push past me and almost make me late? You can suffer my curse of inconvenience for two hours.
You wanna listen to shitty music?! How bout some dub step?
Doctor's revenge
writing your secrets down in a book? What a nice idea, dear bullies!
Insult me? Give me $100.
Flaky Buyer Gets Flaked
Sugar rush
Scammed by Old Lady, enjoy your rotting scultpure
nearly got my phone stolen
Try to cut me off after you’ve honked your horn at me multiple times in heavy traffic? Not gonna happen
No, but you can have my Facebook
Cherry-red Porsche Carrera taking up two spots? At the front of the lot? At CHRISTMAS?!!?!?!?
I hope you like your chicken extra dry, bitch!
My sister...
Want to bully me? Where'd your ship go?
Reach around.
I (27m) slapped my cheating ex (23f) as hard as I could while fucking her today.
Airport asshole
To all click bait news stories...
Hell hath no fury like a woman denied her munchies.
Have fun getting of the bathroom!
You could not script better drama than this
No ice cream!
You block me from getting off the plane? I block you from getting to your stuff.
Don't egg my house.
Annoy us? Good luck finding your iPad!
Guy Makes Me Leave Restroom With Wet Hands, See How He Likes It Later
Honk at me while I'm crossing the street, wait an additional 30 seconds
Threaten my home and child. Do not pass go, go directly to jail.
Shower Wars
Girl screws up my exam, pretty revenge ensues.
Maria and the dog
I was stuffed, goddamn ramen noodles
A guy turned down my help, messed everything up and it ended up escalating to a manager.
Thanksgiving petty revenge. You want to be a dick? I’ll fix ya.Revenge: Best Served Cold
Skip my turn? Sniff that!
The Wookiee always wins
Do not trifle with me when I am hungry.
Shitty neighbour won't turn his music down, we can feel it through our furniture. Think I've solved it today!
You don’t wake me up? I won’t wake you up
Unintentional revenge: A car accident I profited from!
You want to deprive our whole culdesac of sleep for years with loud music in the middle of the night? Let us be your alarm clock in the morning.
My "friend" took advantage of me for the last time.
My private life is not your entertainment.
I reported my manager to the anonymous employee call line for smelling like cat piss
Posted on pro revenge, apparently not pro revenge, ao let's try petty revenge
Wrong number Payback
Apparently I have some passive aggressive tendencies....
Some woman complained about our service...
Whenever a customer is an asshole to me, I refrain from telling them to have a good day
HS Bully and accomplice classmates...
My ex coworker got turned down at my new restaurant.
I flushed it down the toilet like you did with my life
My gf broke my PS3, so I slept with her friend
Don't want to give me a tiny bit of room to park?
Mailbox versus Redneck. Possibly not so petty.
"Must've been the neighborhood kids..."
Ruin the Series Finale of House for me? Prepare to have every show you're watching ruined. (Spoilers for House)
Can't sit with your girlfriend, so you act out during the whole flight?
Tell us we'll fail? I'll mess with your precious quizzes.
Former bullies gets served
If you mildly inconvenience me, I will do the same to you.
Me: 1 Cable Company: Smelly #2
Rip annoying kid’s ear
Asshole driver on my commute
I guess you like cold food then
Teenage rolling revenge
Defacing Documents with Times New Roman, Papyrus, and Comic Sans
Ever wonder why I mow my lawn whenever you’re having a garden party?
Shitty Roommate...Revenge
Petty Revenge with a twist
Right Back At Ya.
Butt in line? Enjoy your slow service and wrinkly shirt.
Expect me to keep cleaning up your messes? Prepare for my pettiness.
Nobody hits my sister but me!
No diploma for you!
Fireman neighbor
kid is mean, i teach him a lesson.
You can't sit with us!
You both ignored me for the entirety of a three week trip abroad, but were surprised you weren’t invited to my party??
Fuckboy: You waste my time, I waste yours
Not allowed to use the school power points? Lets use a generator
The serial masturbator and the boarding school redemption.
Friendsmas pettiness
Sancho?
Boss Wants Me to Leave. I Do, But on My Terms.
Micromanage me? Have fun with your new headache.
Send a condescending email demanding I change your job title to reflect your new promotion? Okay...
Girlfriend acted like a shit and bashed my music so I switched it up!
My FIL won't quit sending me memes about being sore after my vesectomy.
I left my cheating ex-girlfriend homeless.
Don't thank me for taking 5 seconds to keep the door open for you? Feel my wrath!
Threaten my friend publicly on facebook? I'll expose you (screenshots included).
Petty revenge on a hacker
Become a bully-teacher, make me lose my self-confidence and make me question myself? Have fun with the roles reversed.
No laundry? No paper towel.
Revenge on a Cowboy Coder.
So you're just gonna pass out? Socks to be you.
Had an extra microwave
Terrible college roomates
Neighbors kept me up last night with their loud sex at like 2 in the morning.
I grabbed my chance for revenge
Elbow me and don't apologize? Well I'll be just as rude by not picking up your pencil.
Lawn Care Refund Policy
Turn your kind offer into a bill? Well two can play at that game
None for you...
You want to be petty so can I!!!
Revenge on the throne
The Cropdust
Guy driving like a lunatic in traffic? Yeah, I showed him good.
All your Pennies belong to ME!!
Call me a name? Sure, I can do that.
Basically gained 10 bucks
Tiny but effective revenge for a landlord out of control
Construction Worker Trash Can Revenge
Make me miss the Game of Thrones season premiere? Enjoy waking up early.
My fiance' said that my actions and opinions are very "socialist"...
Revenge...On An Alpaca.
Revenge on the neckbeard roommate
"There's that smell again"
Demon spawn kids pound on door at school, end up getting locked out in the cold
I made a fuckboi cry
Live and work in my country and being racist to my people? Enjoy being humiliated
My friend was being a complete asshole...
Revenge is only temporary
Enjoy your wet shoes
Do absolutely nothing on the project, okay but don't expect to do anything on it anymore.
its my cakeday, and it really couldnt be much sweeter
Lose me, lose the key.
Pay for being a bitch, literally
90 y/o Papu (grandfather) hacked
Harass the dogs while their owner's away, not gonna let that slide.
Make fun of me for having a hobby?
How I ruined a Person who played the victim
The cow at the deli
Don’t Invite Me to my Best Friend’s Surprise B-Day Party? I’ll Throw my Own.
Dupe my wife and I out of money? Now look what you made me do...
Don't ever have a "noise battle" with a musician...EVER!
I get justice on noisy neighbor
How I subtly “ruined” my cousins wedding photos
Instant Karma For Short Stuff
Revenge Against Left Lane Drivers part 2
Little Brothers are Awful
Extremely basic (and not recommended) petty revenge
Don't mess with the greenskeeper....
This number has been harassing me and I don't know who it is, anyone want to help with a little revenge?
Revenge is never the Answer
Move out with a four day notice and not even pay me the half months rent in full? Good luck watching your TV without the remote.
Theft? All right, Lose your field trip and all parties.
The time I did nothing
A neighbor smokes cigarettes on the steps outside my apartment window at night. I got to know him in order to find his weakness. I found it.
Rude old lady misbehaves and gets to waste her time.
Managers got me fired from working at Pizza Hut, but karmas a bitch (VERY LONG STORY)
Reciept Revenge for the Truly Petty
son's revenge on hater
Eat a dick.
Feel the need to have an opinion? Enjoy your boycott.
I'll Just Date Your Best Friend
Ode of the Black Purse
my personal customer from hell, doesn't get to purchase her alcohol for Australia Day.
If you're going to fuck me over at least do it so that I can't fuck you back
Just wait in line damn't
Petty school kids, a brutal ball beating and a verbal accosting that ends with everyone at a loss.
No walking, no green wristband
Petty revenge on a waitress at my work..
♫ Happy birthday to you! ♪ (x-post from Tales from Retail)
Rage Monster confronts me in a parking lot, stranger provides his just deserts.
Time to change your password again
The universe fucked my ex over for me.
My sister never changes the toothpaste when it runs out. I got tired of her always waiting on me so I won't either.
If it's not here by 5, I'm not paying for it!
Being impatient and rude? You can wait some more.
My friend gave a Bully instant regret
RING RING MOTHERF*CKER!!!!!
Eat my snacks? Prepare for revenge.
(X-POST FROM TFYS) Don't assume white girls can't speak spanish
I get paid well to be an asshole!
This is a short one
Throwing up on the nurse who said he was fine...
Bully gets embarrassed in front of the girls he tried to impress
Got revenge without lifting a finger
Want to be a bitch? Enjoy resetting your smelly chair!..Just because you have a State Representative License plate doesn’t mean you can speed and drive like an asshat.
Laugh at Kids with Cancer, Enjoy Black Friday Lines!
My Mom's Payment
Psychopath hoodlum could have justice if he f*cks up again thanks to his dumb friend for filming him assaulting me.
Steal my shit?
Ex-girlfriend goes through the effort of stealing every single keycap because everyone knows that's how you hurt a guy the most.
Try and cut my friend out of the weekend they paid for? Time for some benevolent pettiness!
You want me to do all the work? Too bad I'm editing the audio...
I'm not sure what to title this, but I did something pretty nuts.
No quarters for you!
Mad at my girlfriend post-fight, but don't want to start another fight
I need a little neighbour revenge to get me through the day
Wild Hagisses at Dawn
Asshole ex employee trying to extort and blackmail
DO NOT DELETE!!!
Ignore my request to adjust the a.c.? Have fun cleaning up my mess.
Blast loud music all night long every night? Get evicted.
Whenever someone comes into the bathroom...
Got suspended. Guess you’ll have no toilets for a while
Revenge on a shitty cheater
Mess with my friend get assaulted in dodge ball
My mischevious grandma
I got revenge on a man who tried to kill me. Finally.
Have a happy period
Hygiene not optional.
My sister’s an ass, so I put water in with her cereal milk.
Hell, I don't know. You title it.
Home Owners Association is at it again
You broke the sacred rules of the laundry room
REVENGE on these evil ROBO-SCAMMERS
Enjoy that 0 on the final exam
My Mom Made Us Boot Stew
Cut me off? I'll slow you down.
"I'm sorry, who are you?"
Yeah! Take that
Spam an ex
She’s doing it wrong!
Little sister wants to be a bitch because she can't handle Family standard roasts.Lie and make fun of me, Lose your Wallet!
Slovenly housemate and toilet based revenge
Run from a court decision? Don't speed through a local town..
Shattering the Inner Circle.
Guy makes racist remark so I drew him his favorite flag
My supervisor took our overtime
Anti-masker cashier mocks me for wearing a mask so I scare her
Some guy on the seat in front of me recined his seat so I got my revenge.
Housemate skipped rent and did a runner (long story)
Don't Eat My Cookies
This Guy Stole A Woman's iPhone But Didn't Disable Dropbox — So She Turned His Terrible Photos Into A Tumblr
Helped my brother spread some petty Christmas revenge on his HOA
Confession of Revenge (X-post from advice animals)
Keep acting like a piece of shit? Here’s a block of shit for your troubles.
Annoy the crap out of me? Expect to pay extra.
Another housemate stealing food story
This girl stole money from me, what should I do?
How to waste a telemarketer's time and money
Sometimes a quiet revenge is best..
Asshole BMW at McD's
Stupid honker gets honked at.
Rude to me in the drive-thru?
I'll show you some parental control!
Quit on the spot before the close out sales
Be mean? Enjoy having slightly less of your favorite flavor of candy.
Dr Twisty's Revenge: Dr Twisty's Fart Spray!
Playing the long game with Bank of America
Teacher thinks he’s so smart
This Is What Happens When You Act Like A Fucker
Take a pic of me without my permission? I will take a worse pic of you and make it my snap story and send to the same people you were trying to send a pic of me to.
Lost a bet, Now I have to learn about Nail Polish
To the player on rocket league
Oh, what a big man, yelling at a pensioner. Let's put you in your place, big man.
Anyone know good revenge?
Can’t wear a costume?
You won't put the food away? Alright, I'll do it for you.
Revenge tastes sweet, wait no like vinegar
Neighbor won't stay off my property, gets fenced out
Stick up the bird twice, you get ISD for a day!(Coincidental Revenge)
Have some gleemites in your hair dryer
time to wait for your wine
My friend's revenge.
Pharmacist with an attitude gets to be as annoyed as I am having to deal with her.
Water Cup Revenge
Dont do me like that...dont do me like that
Yogurt thieves beware...
Weightlifting petty revenge
She kicked me in the shin, I faked a murder - x-post from pro-revenge
break my doll see what happens
Be racist to people who don’t understand you? I’ll make them understand you
Enjoy your fiery trip to the bathroom
Be a little shit while I'm stuffing your bear? Hope you like sniffing dragon ass.
My friend throws a rubber at a teachers butt
Acting 101
No love from me.
"I am the reason why he got a C+" - Very Long Petty Revenge
My sister can't close drawers.
Ideas for petty revenge on loud music next door at 2:00 AM
Petty Revenge with a Pro Revenge Sequel
How i made a racist silent.
Cat keeps waking me up so it can sleep under the covers...
Friend Turned Rude Professional Disappointment
Blah blah? Blah.
My friend really likes his coffee
If you will steal my lunch... you can eat it.
Kid says i worship the devil, i get my own back
I put Tiger Balm in my pocket pussy for revenge
Motorcycle rider gets revenge.
Start petty fights every day of our vacation? Let me respond in petty kind.
Petty Revenge Worked So Well it backfired
my neighbors have a argument every night so i blast it is Wednesday my dude meme
Splash me? Enjoy my fist.
Group project teammate who doesn’t do any work gets owned
Sibling got his ice cream.
The best petty revenge is the kind that takes 7 months to come into fruition.
Helping a classmate take revenge on her cheating boyfriend.
You tell lies about me to my boss? I have the health department shut your filthy ass store down
My Petty, Cheerful Revenge.
The unwelcome plane neighbour
Slow service=free goat book
Harass me over a box for a week? I'll rip it to shreds.
Use me for your enjoyment, say bye to all your school supplies
Is this petty revenge?
he picked the wrong target.
"friend"
"You just coughed in my face!"
College roommate is abusive so I decide to be petty
Too good for the "unit" title?
Sister refuses to smile... Gets told to eat a literal bag of dicks.
Chocolate Covered Ants for the Insect-Fearing, Sweet-Thieving Officemate.
Revenge in a veterinary office
Because he's such a dick, everyone now believes he's got a small dick
Thank you for the new Ray Bans
Turns out MMA doesn't help with filling out end-of-day reports
The time I got my manager a promotion
Supermarket Rewards Revenge
You're the boss.
Threatens to take me to court so i hit them with a switcheroo
A bartender's petty revenge
I make your consumables...don't be rude!
6:15 am alarm. Repeat every Friday
You'll play your stereo when I allow you too.
Don't Hold up the plane.
Drive like an asshat? Enjoy your ticket.
Decide to be inconsiderate of other people walking down the hall? Enjoy waiting in line for the bathroom.
Rude bitches get my vengeance!
Don't mess with a man's candy
Oh, you can do that too?
Petty revenge is best served with brunch
Oh, I'm a prick? Please hold... Forever.
my ex put his daughter adoption 16 years ago and now doesn't want to me her bay
So I found a key fob...
help wanted
Stop stealing my ice cream
Entitled people park on the path
Teenage douche is put in his place and gets a painful toe
He should have left my bike alone
Wanna be rude for no reason? That's okay, I can disconnect your broadband
The tire change
Thanksgiving Weekend, garbage bins, and the complaining neighbor
Samsung lied that my phone had water damage. How can I sway Samsung to repair or replace my phone for free?
Toilet shennanigans
Breach supermarket queue etiquette? We'll waste your time.
Won't keep texting the wrong number? I'll make you change your number.
Let the door hit you on the way out...
So, wait, are you hiring or not?
"I made my brother noodles"
Cut in front of me in line? Sweet Justice!!!
I just follow the rules
Is this a d*ck move by me, tit for tat
My 7th grade English teacher hated me, but I made her think she was crazy for two weeks
Rude to a server? Enjoy glass smashing!
You’re not my friend
Guy tries to destroy my friend's business, i recognise his handiwork in a job interview
Dating two girls at the same time will end you up with none.
Rude customer ALMOST got a really good discount on paint.
The pissing match
Rude lady on the bus.
No parking spot for you!
received change in $1s
Drink my booze, will you? Enjoy my Foot Vodka
Neighbour revenge
Be a bitch, wait a few seconds longer.
How I wasted 20 minutes of someone’s time
Condescending client won’t pay, My sisters roommate is a legend.
No Sticker For You!
Cream Crackered
Annoying neighbor gets ticket.
funny baby cats
Ex Girlfriend tried to have me jumped
You want to abuse a loophole on your computer restrictions? Let's test my IT skills.
Getting back at my bullies
You bullied me in school? Enjoy the lunch I am now serving you 7 years later.
Got cheated with, took revenge 7 months later on Spring Break
Jam my locker? There goes your drawstring.
Let a sleeping metal vocalist sleep... Or else!
Server Petty Revenge
Don't want to control your obnoxious kid in a busy airport? You get to deal with him after he gets hit in the nuts by my luggage.
Ha! Now you smell like shit
Off duty cop gets coffee thrown at her car after telling my wife her mother is a bitch.
act like a toolbag being a "senior" coworker when in fastfood here's my revenge
Wanna steal my magnets? Enjoy no more phone! ( repost from other subreddit, but thought it would be suited here)
An apology to all.
I'm done being your maid.
If there truly are 7 hells, I'm building you a vacation home in every one of them..
Drag race in my neighborhood, get your car towed.
My boyfriend left me in our hostel room, very drunk, while he went to the pub...
Stink-Bug revenge
bully me? bombard you with pineapples.
I hope you like spicy snacks
Thailandlord
Rude customer always pays in handfuls of change. Not anymore!
Karen really didn't like tuna. Now she is afraid of canned food.
Teamwork ftw
How I got an emotionally abusive teacher FIRED
Entitled gamer, says obnoxious things, dies and I don't revive him, forcing him to watch
The smell of revenge!
No bonus for you, douchebag coworker.
You push me I fire you
no game for me? no, no game for YOU.
Break my comb and clog the sink? Don't worry, I'll fix it
Bitch rants about my tip cup, I give her a scoop less popcorn.
The bank did him dirty so he did the bank dirty.
Newbie gave me an order..
I will guilt you into shutting the hell up.
Granny's acting like she only has a few moments left. The universe tells her to wait.
Please, enjoy your password changes.
A fuckboy stood me up just after my dog died. Petty revenge ensued.
Get in my face after giving advice? Goodluck getting to the dealership.
Steal my bike? Right I'll get it back!
Don't roll your eyes at me...
Mock me for having a healthier lifestyle, good luck with your new diet bitches.
I work in this building, but not as the doorman.
How I got revenge on my kindergarten enemy.
Stick to your own seat on the subway!
Cat sneeze.
Drunk man comes in late? Have fun getting your card in the morning!
Fuck your strawberries
What annoying or hilarious mailings can I have sent to my asshole neighbor's house?
Trouble in Paradise
Told a home wrecker (the who gave me an std) that I have herpes so 1) she can feel some degree of worry for what they both did and 2) so she will follow up on getting tested/treated for her std that she indirectly spread to me. No harm done. He will also get what’s coming to him and more.
You want to be insensitive, I have a game we can play.
Try to push past me on the stairs, will you?
Board President wants to turn in his article a week late? I'll put a funeral home ad on the page
So you won’t stop biting me? Ok I’ll just bite u back
THOSE neighbors
Show some respect or give me your money
Words Can Hurt
Ride my bumper? I'll show you...
Don't move out of my way? I'll be rude.
I'll let him in.
Donald Trump Is A POS And So Are His Supporters
"heeling" a breakup
7AM Rockin' &amp; Rollin'
Guy gave my wife attitude, wife asked me not to say anything to him... didn't say not to DO anything to him. TLDR at the bottom.
Want Me To Come To Church Under Any Circumstance? Fine!
I'm a cripple who hates getting left on hold when calling businesses...
Kid hacked a loogie on me
You want me to get your lunch? Don't short me.
Smelly karma for freeway Karen
I live in the worst area and own a home..
I keep a list of of reddit users who have called me names. Every once in a while I go through it and downvote all their comments and posts.
Ive got painful blisters because of my room mate, and she wouldnt do anything about it. So I did.
Just stumbled across this subreddit...here is my petty revenge.
So I ruined a game of Cards against Humanity...
Come and get it yourself
Try to cut in line and I'll hold you up.
Pro level revenge on men who harass/catcall women.
Bully me for years and attack my sister? Have fun getting roasted to a crisp. {BURNED}
7th Grade Cheater
*SQUEAK**SQUEAK**SQUEAK*
Pay with $100? Sure, go ahead!
snaky payback
Crushed chips
What's the best way to get revenge on annoying neighbours?
Don't Do the work That's fine Goodluck finishing a semester long 4 person assignment by yourself in a week Part 1
GF cheats, time for revenge.
Two petty revenges for the price of one
The Downfall of the Daycare Bully
Putting a parental block on Fox news
You squirt me with my gatorade and everyone has a good laugh? haha so funny now you will enjoy the taste of my piss
Teacher thinks she can abuse kids ,justice got her in the end
You want me to slow down on the job to not make you look bad ok....
You want to offend me? Ok, challenge accepted.
Good luck getting out of there
Inside out socks.
Don't wait for me to get off the elevator before you get on? Enjoy the smell
Sweet Southern Roommate
Ultimate Millennial Punishment
Do not lie to the police and do not make accusations that backfire
Ugh...Youths
Get snappy with me because I tried to answer your question? Be prepared to have an uncomfortable bus ride.
Missing hot chocolate
Don’t want to help with group project? Enjoy being humiliated in front of the whole class!
Rude Floater
Can we get a tag for revenges that involve bodily fluids, wiping something on balls and ass-crackery?
Move aside my mom's stuff for your stuff before the plane ride? Have fun hearing her seat squeak behind her the whole time 🖕😊
Math teacher thinks I'm stupid -turns out she screwed me over
I Took Down My Bully By Falling Onto Her Nose
Jeans?
I'm a racist tipper
"You ruin my time outside? I'll ruin yours."
Chemistry Teacher Revenge
I have her passport number, how do I ruin her life?
Text me - this might be too petty for this sub
Fuck you and your full length break, Patrick.
Think I lied when I said I got shot? Take the bullets, then.
A subreddit spoiled Star Wars for me so I mocked them on the front page
A French man makes a homophobic rant without knowing I (bisexual man) speak French
Snow help for you!
Make me miss trash pick up? Have fun wasting a day at traffic court!
Park in my private spot? Have fun!
Now every time she eats, I smile a little
Petty Locker Blocking Revenge
not illegal very very malicious sweet revenge
Mess with my sleep? Win bitch prizes!
A Lesson in Good Sportsmanship
Manager didn't have internet access to approve time sheets
I hope you like my gift wrapping.
They brought the Sofa 2.5 hours late, wasn't home. and they wanted money for their time
Best friend betrayed me
Don't keep up your promise? Fine, I'll remind you
Break my heart for a change
Refuse to interact with me like a respectful human? Fine, enjoy your decaf.
You are not on your break!
Ignore the fact my friend has cerebral palsy we make the but ride a pain up the arse.
Coffee...2 lumps, light cream and easy on the dish soap.
My teacher gives us too much work. I act accordingly.
Rage at fellow classmates? Enjoy your ruined reputation!
Tailgate me? Red light for you, not me.
Degraded my ex-wife
Girl Insulted me, goes full 100% confidence
How to screw my employer best?
A server's way to get back at rude guests
The ex that wouldn’t leave
Pettiness dates back to 1800s
Get mad at me for calling you out ? Oh hi Officer !
I set parental controls on my roommate’s outgoing network connectionsSmall Things Lead To Pnuemonia
You wanna honk at me for slowing down?
Need help finding a pettyrevenge post
Hope this fits, enjoy!
bus driver revenge
Try to play with another girl? Lol nah
Insult my SO for talking and turn the volume up to an obnoxious level? How about no Netflix for you.
You are the worst.
My roommate just got back from Afghanistan and tried hitting on my new GF. So I downloaded a tasking program, tomorrow morning his laptop will play this at full volume, and I'll be out of the house
Try to Steal My Laptop via Ebay? Lose all Your Data
A key opportunity for work revenge
Thousands lost because I stayed quiet
Thugs try to fuck with our tourist group
I need your help !!!
Pulled over for giving the bird but I don't have a middle finger
Speeding Karen, not concerned about the safety of others.
The clap
Tail gate the drivers ed car???Just some good old fashioned teenage girl petty revenge.
Upset my guests and talk shit to me? I shred your ID
Belittle me because of something beyond my control? Prepare for inconveniences even more!
Dad Ditches Kid in Coach to Sit in Business Class - I hope he enjoys his new vocabulary!
Person cries when I follow instructions.
I can't hear you!
Parking Lot Temptertantrums
Peed in another girl’s shampoo &amp; conditioner
First post here. Hope you like it!
bratty kid claimed a chair in my classEntitled mom not only cuts me off but also tries to steal my private parking spot.
Science project leech gets a failing grade
Don't clown around with my best friend if you don't want me to clown around myself.
Here are your milkshakes back.
Petty revenge on rude, impatient parking lot grouch.
I don't want to see your ads!
Finally have a parking story to share...
Cheating ex’s email is RUINED
Don't do my commissions? Shame if anyone would find out.
Boss stiffed me out of my money..... Had my petty revenge
You wanna flirt with every guy i get ill teach u a lesson
Project Karma??
Beyond Scared Straight - Xbox Edition
Lil thing I decided to write
Not all retail workers are idiots.
"Stay off my man's post"
Mom is tired off dad’s yelling
Random kid pushes me in line
you can copy us, but don't try to say it was your idea.
Gonna be a dick in your comment post? Well then...
How I made bratty Thumbelina stop flirting with my boyfriend
Don't piss off the guy who handles your groceries...
Email revenge
I give my phone to a kid to find out that I have tinder and say that she has it so I should
GF breaks up with me, doesn't enjoy life without me
Don't say thank you? Ok.
Silence is golden
Clutter up the company kitchen? Here's more to clean.
Be a bitch in school? Not on my watch!
Steal from me? Bulldoze your house
Welcome to the neighbourhood, stop being a jerk.
Best story about petty revenge
It's a Shame You Hate Waiting So Much
I Get Crazy Lady's Free Coffee Taken Away
Friend decided to go sober and wouldn’t stop bragging about it.
No cupcakes for you!
guidance for revenge
Citing a local building code? Two can play that game.
I gave my landlord the world's grossest smoothie
Anal sex on MY couch? Enjoy setting the mood with
Mom went through my room during vacation so I destroyed her Christmas present.
He killed my fish. I made his life a little bit harder.
Bubble Fun
A little nutty revenge
Tired of bad music. Help me with my revenge!
Have your phone on speaker so everyone can hear your full conversation? I'll fix that.
Remember to pay your library dues!
Use me to house clean and dog sit then slander me and kick me to the curb? I will buy myself the ring you can't afford.
Calm down, you’re over-reacting!
Remember to Greet Your Cashier
Pre Story Update Thing?
The Ex's new BF is mighty tough
YOU CANNOT HAZ: A coworker story
I actually follow through with MY threats.
Deleting 12K members from a group that spreads fake news
"Sorry, you got in my way"
Try to take the two best parking spaces?
Enjoy your freshly nut-sacked pipe!
Splitting the DVD collection
Payback's a phlegmy bitch!
I know I’m in the wrong, but you pissed me off. Warning: very long condensed version at bottom.
Don't do a VERY simple task? Enjoy the wrath of grandma.
Never Screw With the Disabled
Getting back at my supervisor in a salty manner
I'm a grown ass man...
Trying to jump the queue?
Netflix revenge
Stopping my parents from doing it while I was awake. (NSFW)
You Wanna Be A Bully? Alright Then. Let's See You Be A Bully Now!
Give me back my money, Perogie Boy!
Favor the football player will you.
Have fun without me? Be prepared for my wrath!
Minor revenge but sooooo satisfying
Asshole Takes Up Handicapped Parking Spot
Making a fuss at Deli? Back of the line, BITCH!
Showing customers who da boss is
Karma reaped after 5 years thanks to Facebook's "memories" feature
Cheat on me and lie about it? Enjoy being flooded with spam
Trying to Get Rid of a Bad Roommate, Send Help!
Loud music meets the beauty of Google devices
Don't pick me up in THIS disgusting truck!
DUNCAN HOPKINS INCEEDIBLE REVENGE
Supervisor angered me, so I pissed on his floor.
I kicked you out of the slideshow because you weren’t doing any work
bully me for years ? good luck getting into your dream school
You want your 25 cent discount? No problem!
I wouldn't do that if I were you
Crafty taxi driver gets outsmarted
Ohhh Brittney.
Ice Cube Revenge
OH! You thought I was going to pay you after that?
I wanted to leave you alone, but I had to cut your power.
dad flips me the brid and i left the lights on
You just got burned
I became a Karen and messed with a telephone fraud
True
Oops you failed your exam
I lit a firework at 11:15pm to annoy my annoying neighborsEntitled mother steals from 7 year old who gets revenge
No one uses my spotify account except me!
Taking shampoo without my permission
How i ALMOST (kinda) did a petty revenge
I always win.
Blast your music at 4:30am EVERY DAY? Let me teach you a lesson in manners.
Don't trip me!
Want free Movie Theater Popcorn? Fine, but You're not gonna like it Lady...
Pet Revenge
The apartment tenants below me are cunts
Bite the hand that feeds you and spend a month in jail
Entitled Karen couldn't wait in line for 2 minutes so I wasted her next 15
Revenge with a side of BBQ
Leave a negative review about me for something that isn't my fault, say goodbye to your customers
What else did he expect me to do with his address?
I can't believe this worked
You think I care about your profit margin?
Want candy? Have some candy!
Annoying guy won’t leave me and my best friend alone, called teacher, turns out he had to study for one of her tests
I'm so tired of people who don't think rules apply to them
Justifiable expenses
Only when you annoy me
I let this dude into my lane, he sprayed me with wiper fluid
I need assistance
Sorry, is my music making it hard for you to be a stuck up bitch?
Then wear your soggy, wet clothes tomorrow
You can eat YOUR expired ice cream. Not my expensive Blue Bunny vanilla I bought for my cramps
Rude Customer
Enjoy your Chapstick.
No mike and ikes for me? How about hot tamales for you?
Bath of urine
Sister gets locked out of house for a couple of hours
You have a new product, but we can't carry it?
Nothing For You
Physics Project
My phone broke, so I have to send it in for repairs. FedEx said my package was too small that it "wouldn't make it through their network" and wanted $5 for a small cardboard box that they would then pack the phone into. This was the only other box I had.
No one acts smart with me.
Dads plan ruined
Loud TV? How about no TV?
Senior Prank Revenge
Underage &amp; micromanage a beer run favor? You get NOTHING, good day sir to you!
If you block the doors, I'll let you AND your friend miss the train.
If you want to leave your underwear drying the shared bathroom, I’ll make sure they never dry.
My ass nugget “friend”
Abuse an animal? I'll get you in trouble with the Dean.
40+yr old man gets instant karma
Make my coworker cry, receive rock hard food that looks great!
Woman physically stops me from drinking my ICEE in a movie.
Best way to spam a phone number
Need some advice, thinking about leaving this note on my car as a disclaimer...Thoughts?
You don't have a bed tonight? Welcome to my world
Lie, cheat, steal on me and run out on your bills... I think NOT!
clown father
Gym Meathead
Snap crackle POP.
Hog the pool table? Have fun listening to the mixtape from hell.
overreact to my access to TF2 and Reddit? Enjoy your new name, Big Brother.
You cut us off at a parking lot and give us the finger? Then have fun being blocked from leaving.
Flower beats rock
Crosswalk revenge
If I say I can't break a $100 bill, don't fight me
First to Help, First to Leave
Neighbor walks across my yard, so now my dog pees in your yard
I Brew Petty Revenge Daily...
Kinda wrong but kinda right (?)Annoying big name comedian annoys the wrong person
My mom trolls a renter stealing food from our fridge
Cup Revenge
Crooked Lamination
Giving Out Some "Unsweet" Revenge
Retail Gamestop Revenge
Throw around some homophobic slurs? Remember a key next time, you can stay locked out.
Yes, No, or @@&amp;$!
Too impatient to wear a mask, fine then I’ll follow the rules.
Steal the front lamp of my bike, enjoy your sneaking flat tires.
The late customer
I'll waste some time.
Social media brat gets it twisted
I loved my boss. But not in a deep burning way.
Beat the bully.... without fighting
You want me to "hook U up"? Ha. No.
My petty revenge on a doll thief
Booted everybody off the local Starbucks WiFi because my coffee was too hot.
Flirt with my boyfriend? Have fun losing your job!
can't bear to allow me a few minutes privacy? wallow in your filth
how to fuck can i get revenge on my mom for not knocking on my motherfucking door
Tater Tots Just For You
He left me for another woman, again, but forgot he was dating a witch
Sweet revenge from a younger brother
Petty revenge on my coworker
Try and dress code me during an Exam? Have fun being a joke the rest of the year.
Ride up my ass as I pull out of my complex?? Have fun snailing it down the entire stretch of the road.
Don't be shitty to the table with the cancer patient... We will end you.
Keep unplugging the washing machine while I'm using it? Looks like your slow cooker is getting unplugged too.
A pizza slinger's revenge.
You want to push to the front because you can't see? Okay.
My upstairs neighbours Play music loud all the time so I get my own back
Rude patient demands form to renew driver's licence even though he failed. So I, along with the owner make him pay - literally!
Filthy sister never changes the toilet paper roll when it's empty
Missed Tip
Smelly Garbage
Throwing turds in the tree
Mike and the house phone
My sister complains about everything I do
Want to cheat of me?I will make sure you get a F in this class.
Don’t want to clean up your trash? Fine, now try breathing it in.
Ace Amenagent
I could help you... If you weren't such a cheeky cunt.
Help
Can't think of a title, but it's Golf Course revenge.
Enjoy your $50 chunk of melted plastic, jerk!
The Secret of Footland
Don't feel it anymore? Well then I don't feel like I know where that is...
Fail your assignment and blame me and then waste my time? I'll show you!Enjoy your ugly bump, bitch.
Video game nerd talked down on me. Spoiled his love for star wars.
Bitch roommate ate a literal bag of dicks
Karma is a bitch.
If the customer before me was a bitch. I guess I should keep the ball rolling and be a bitch myself.
Calm your tits and be more specific next time.
Use my recovery email at your own peril
Facebook employee disabled my Instagram for filing intellectual property claim against friend
The end of a long day when you just want to get home
My brother is a dick and I want to get back at him
Cut me off in traffic? Time to go postal
Am I the asshole for burning my blanket, ripping it up and locking the door so my landlord can't get in when he has a new tenant in a couple of days?
Steal my bottle of Coke? Try this chew stick with it.
Parked me in, huh? Enjoy the ham I smeared across your windshield and mirrors.
Petty Revenge on the Fried Chicken Store Next Door
Forks
Break my heart? Don't get back your expensive bracelet.All in good fun(facebook)
Waiting for the docter
You think cause you’re my boss you can be unprofessional and chat shit behind my back? Well *cough cough* I’m sick.
Express consent required to touch personal possessions (X-post from r/maliciouscompliance)
I hate this guy and he nearly got expelled
I park at that loading dock, Mr. maintenance guy, not you!
Don't be a douche when you sleep in a barracks.
Don’t cut me off
You think this is a joke, so I'm going to take my time
Bill collector from beyond
Operation southern freedom
Really....pink?!
Best plan against strict parents
It turned orange.
"Piping" up for the Neighbourhood
There is a certain knob on r/newcastle...
Don't take my hammer
Don't be a c#*t near or too my dad
Try to use a shoulder to skip traffic? How about a 26 mile drive to the beach behind those you wronged.
Cut me and others off in traffic? I'll cheerfully hold the door open for you.
So sorry
What can I do...
Oh, you were in a hurry?
In college someone gave me a laxative brownie...
Bully me and you’ll miss the soccer tryouts you’ve been training weeks for.
You want to mess up the kitchen and demand we clean it? I'll show you cleaning.
Douche in the office upstairs keeps clogging the toilet
Cheating in school
Revenge For Stolen Birthday Cake and other Crimes
Bullies and a beer bong
Tried to save you time, but it ended up costing you a half hour!
Revenge on idiot driver. I owned him!X
Vet-ty Revenge
This is a cross post from myself that I contemplated but didn't until it was suggested.
Withhold a deposit despite fair notice? Lose two months of rent.
Fake maggots vs toilet paper
You want to be rude to the guy who has the ball? Then fuck you!
You try and get me evicted from my front row seat on an airplane. Ok.
Give me disapproving looks? Here's some exhaust.
Don't help me with gas money? I'll show you!
Another student told me to put my iPad away in class...
He cheated with you? He cheated on you.
It was in my name ;)
Older sister claimed I planted the money she stole under her mattress and gives a half assed apology and I did something petty (obviously)
Lending Tree...
Refuse to show your membership card? Let me check your receipt.... Thoroughly....
"look at how fat that boy is"
Quit my job. No notice.
Won't invite me to your frat party? Fine, I'll start talking about your foot fetish.
Shitty, sweaty pizza.
I hope Austin Powers was worth it, Steve
Being a lazy ass leads to looking like a dumbass
Cheap bastard won’t get his own Spotify.
My ex-boss HATED fish
Craigslist Poster Needs A Reminder Of How To Treat Buyers
Volunteer to be bumped?
My sister is petty
You shoot me with your spring airsoft pistol, Ill full auto you with my m4:)
Karma's a female dog
A Simple Request
If you're a government worker who always lets your voicemail pickup...
Bully steals milk and ends up shitting herself.
Here's to your short Friday.
Something, something, enjoy water in your face.
I have something you don't
I quit my job. Next Friday is my last day. Reddit, help me exact petty revenge on my lazy-ass colleague.
Borderline Pedophile at work, PISSED me off.
Married PettyRevenge..
So Many Emails
10yr old petty revenge on best friend
"Killi Khara"
You want to control my work? I'll do it extra properly for you!
Special Star
IP Company kept giving out my phone number
Guy tries to get my fiancé to cheat on me.
Piss Me Off...Piss On You
I Made A Child Cry With Memes
Looking for revenge ideas for VERY troublesome neighbor
Don't read your emails and be a pain in my ass? Get your own paper towels!
Park your truck in our shared driveway? Have fun with a fine.
Mail A Glitter Bomb!
Petty Revenge • A fat coke story
Stick your tongue out at me, get leapfrogged.
stinky surprise
I too have had the need to get back at Taco Bell
Two Can Play at That Game
Can't stop watching porn on the shared desktop computer? Enjoy your new desktop image!
Never steal a parking spot
Getting petty on my husband’s ex wife
Brother saves my butt, bully gets his. -Repost-
Good luck with school and your friends. Make as much noise as you like now
Drive Thru Crazy Lady
Make my mum cry - you'll be doing your own loundry from now on!
Biological Warfare in Retail
You threat me with a ban? Uno Reverse
Refuse to do your job, I'll waste your time like you wasted mine.
Can’t move the tissue box anymore.
Don't tailgate. Some people (me) are assholes.
Shitty roommate is going to get it.
"You need to move all your stuff out by tonight or we'll throw it away." pettyrevenge AND justiceporn present in this story.
The Tortures.
how's your dry ass food, douche?
Finally got revenge on my shitty roommate who loved humiliating me.
Lost connection and no energy
My moms bike got stolen, she got it back in a very anticlimatic way
Group who do little-to-no work try to get me in trouble for ableism
gf's cat got its petty revenge on me.
Sit in the office all day? Sure, good luck finding me when it's busy.
Friend of Mine Had Life Almost Destroyed by a Narc. Sociopath
Bully me for months and harrass me, enjoy a bite mark for the rest of your life.
"block me in and flip me the bird? have fun with the police."
Wanna Keep Calling My Phone? Go ahead
Bought a property in the center of someone else's property.
he said, she said
How to get back against upstairs neighbor who wakes me up before 5:30 am
Oh you're going to harass my boyfriend and I via text?
Turns out I own all the good stuff!
Broken laptop screen.
Ignore my No Soliciting sign? Say hi to the police!
Ex-wife tries to take everything from me, then asks me if I would be kind enough to take some of her clothes to her.
Punch me again. Go ahead. Do it.
Can't be exempt!
I got petty tonight... It felt so good to watch that asshole leave with cold spinach. Sorry for the wall of text and any grammatical errors, just got off the night shift and needed to tell you guys about this before bed.)
Blocked in the blocker
Olive Loaf Vengeance Was Mine
Borrow money and don't pay? I'll eat your food and show you the truth
Coins galore
Damage the materials Im buying? Have fun moving it twice.
Revenge so sweet
Double petty revenge whammy!
Final Nail in the Coffin
Don't mess with my students
Don't insult my grandma's cooking
Dont wanna buy me dinner? Enjoy paying for your share...oh wait, fuckfuckfuck!!
Cant be bothered to hold the elevator? Feel my petty wrath!
Glitter everywhere
Changed my Netflix password. Petty petty.
Keep your music to yourself, or find yourself enjoying my tastes in music
Crazy neighbor
25+ "Breathable Mesh Running Shoes" from Amazon !!
Animal Abuse? That's a Cinnamon Roll.
Revenge Is A Dish Best Served... With Glitter.
Double Revenge - Pitting the Irresistible Force Against the Immovable Object
Forget to remove my info from accounts? Enjoy your annual soliciting call.
Revenge on irritating husband
Signing my stalker up for spam calls and impersonating him on Grindr
Posting again since I think my title was no good. Petty revenge on one of the "other women"
Try to steal half of my property? Enjoy parking 2 streets away
Go Ahead and Return My Packages
Maid es no hereNo. You're not blessed.
How do I mess with someone (legally)--I have their address and phone number
Shutting down an asshole racist
You will learn what 3 feet means.
His nose has never been the same...
You really shouldn't have said that.
apologizes
Trichotillomania
Left Turn Revenge
Laundry room thief.
How DARE you try to cheat in my favorite game.
Petty Revenge Against an Asshole Father-in-law.
Steal my work? Good luck on your own.
Maybe not that petty; but quite artistic... and shitty
Honk at me while we're merging lanes? Guess il let another 10 cars in front.
Little kids were taking forever to order at a local coffee shop. They asked me for a recommendation and I said espresso. The look on their face when they tried it was priceless.
My sister learned her lesson
How can I get revenge on an ex-friend who stole from my friends and I and then lied through his teeth to this day? He’s the personification of pathetic.
Don't leave me in the office on my own.
Ruined my sister's life
Please Call This Number - Be a Bro!
The day my friend got revenge
Take my food and i'll take yours!
police called, 5 gals of water stolen!
Don't like my post? I don't like yours!
I'm leaving in an hour whether you're here or not.
Petty train revenge
Neighbors love making us looking bad.
I love juuling
Why are you even yelling at me?
Petty revenge in the office. Part 2 – Scheduling
Be purposefully rude to me? I’ll just obviously ignore your attempts to get people to compost.
Lay on the horn while I am backing up and can clearly see you, watch how close I can get
Dirty old man
No clean hair for you!
Left a surprise for the office change thief
Be rude to me and not offer me a drink? I'll go enjoy something you're forbidden from having!
Point out my petty mistakes to try to make me look bad? I can be pettier.
Flying Anyway
Dad insults me via voicemail when he is drunk.
You're not cutting back on smoking, you're cutting back on paying.
See a bad parking job? Leave one of these on their car.
(ex) boyfriend went down on my (ex) best friend...
Heres your change
Don't call me your bro to get a discount
I’ll take your pettiness and raise you
As they were increased, so they sinned against me: therefore will I change their glory into shame.
Won't give me a raise? I'll drive up shipping costs
You сап find gurаnteed cаsual sex hooкup HERE
Pool Mom gets a Taste of Sweet Revenge.
My mother finally put up a ____ days since accident sign in our living room.
To My Abusive Ex Boyfriend...
I'll just go the speed limit then!
Don't know how to use an alarm clock? Have fun finding that mystery beeping.
Yell at my stepson for enjoying the view? Enjoy your dinner...
Dinner is Served
Hope this counts. $50 on a train.
Be a passive aggressive roommate? How about I ruin your week?
Fighting the war on inconsiderate shoppers! Turns out I have major shopping rage.
How I coaxed a mean manager out of $50
Petty Door Holding revenge
Delete my Amazon cart, Say hello to your new Netflix profile.
If you keep harassing and catcalling her despite her objections, maybe it's a bad idea to ask "Where's the party in this town?"
Just your friendly neighborhood IT person doing her job.
I didn't know I was done shooting hoops.
Steal from your family? Enjoy your phantom wedding gifts!
My roommate wakes me up, so I'm waking him up
Body-shame me and act like an incel? Good luck passing Geometry!
Trick or treating teenagers
Petty v. Skanky
Grade 2, 1985...
Talk about me behind my back whilst I am in the toilet cubicle next to you? No problem. I'll just vomit all over your shoes. After all- we only did it because we were 'drunk'
We Throw match for teamate who wont give up
Don't do your worklist? I'll give you more work
Neighborly pretty revenge.
Obligatory shitty roommate revenge
Mess with our fountain pens,get inked
I didn't need your stupid old house anyway.
Man bites off snake's head in 'revenge'
Steal my Ethernet cable? Fine. Enjoy some quality music.
Office warfare? Don't start if you can't finish.
Revenge on a coworker that blabbed about me sleeping with him
I took petty revenge on a guy at the screening of Avengers: Endgame
Rev your shitty truck all night? I challenge you to a duel.
You cut me off, you enjoy your car sensor being activated
If a waiter hits on my girlfriend during dinner, he's gonna have a bad time.
I spat water in my teachers face
Smashed Bread
Sure I'll record you.
How I made an Egocentric Creep looked like an idiot
This girl in the theatre had her feet up on the back of my friend's chair.
Fix it yourself
TL;DR - OP likes oreos
My boss doesn't understand that 10:00 am is earlier than 2:00 pm, so I guess it doesn't matter what time it gets done.
I dislike smokers.Roommates are dumb...but they literally pay me for their stupidity
Not gonna let me Bodyboard?
I'm a host on Airbnb and after offering a refund outside of policy guest was a dick. So I was too.
I took it way too far
'Dont like it, go work for a bank'
Take your change! Take it all! (X-post from /r/TalesFromRetail)Ruin my first iMax experience? Get gassed out.
Asshat drivers...
90 dollars for a dog, good deal right?
The Petty Revenge of a Security Guard!
Don't you dare look through the slit in the stall at me
Honk because you're impatient. I'll make you wait.
Piss on me? Enjoy your bath bro!
Get to the back of the line!
You don't believe we don't have this cake? Enjoy diabetes!
Going to act like a jerk at Starbucks? Enjoy your decaf.
My brother plays loud music so every now and again i remove ONE song from his playlist
Let’s talk affairs. I’ll go first—
So you don't like Pokemon?
The great slumber war
Trash-talking roommate goes cold turkey
Buy cheap weed online....http://www.highbuds420.com/
White Pants
Reddit Switcheroo
Entitled Teacher bullys kids, decides to mess with me, get's a hand full of bitching.
Almost put your hands on my coworker? Say goodbye to your hats, lady.
Working Two Jobs
I hope it was mildly annoying to clean the maple syrup off your car.
Didn't want your receipt last time? Here's 17 this time!
What did you learn about/find out way younger than usual?
Can y’all help me out please?
Bullying? Enjoy having your key in the sewer.
Dont wanna dhare your knowledge? Fine
You spoil game of thrones for me. I spoil endgame for you
Revenge on a Useless Coworker
Talk down to me? I shall poop on your head.
Flaky bitch
my petty revenge on pettyrevengers
So I'm a good for nothing girl?
Got some 'coincidental' revenge on some line cutters.
Absolutely roasted a customers end product because of their rudeness and unappreciativeness appreciate the border you fuck
Someone tried to kick everyone out of a structure in a Playground? Enjoy your bench.
I made one of my old coworkers eat his own puke.
Minecraft jerk doesnt relize i can build
Being nice to cashiers pays off, assholes.
Copy of my test ill expose you
Enjoy the view. And my dinner.
this guy almost hits me and my mom, gets ahead but we still get our food first.
My aunt and uncle finally see the bridges they burned
Showing the lot porter who's boss
Don't f*ck over the IT guy.
A public shaming on the 2nd floor
A Co-Worker tries to tell me how to do my job after getting his communications degree, I emailed him this.
Paranoid hag across the street gets years of torment.
A Tailgate Tale
Jack off in our living room? Here's a funny joke as a parable.
Noise complaint
The Life of Mrs. Horton
Brother called me retard, I turned his laptop gay.
Be a jackass and feel my wrath.
Leaving without paying rent? Don't leave access to your cable account.
The broken porcelain stand off
Don't help me move the couch? No lift for you.
Get Lost Loser
A guy parked in my slot. I had to park in the next slot. My bike got locked by security for wrong parking. He left peacefully. I want to teach him a lesson that he should never forget. Ideas please.
Rubbed my former housemates toothbrush between my asscheeks
Don't mess with the pizza gurl
Not listening to course rules? You're done.
Message my GF after ghosting her a year ago? Ok cheater
Bad grandma
We tricked an annoying housemate into spending thousands on pc parts
My cousin was the Queen of petty revenge and she is my biggest hero.
Okay, don't wait for me. I'll catch up. Eventually.
You don't want to play fair? Then let's play by the rules.
Trash-y neighbor
You mess with my sleep; I'll mess with your car
Driving revenge
Cost this POS 1000$ for messing with us
Be a petty jerk because I reported you to the RA for health concerns? Enjoy being locked out of our room for the night!
Mate likes to borrow and not repay, let's see how that works for you
Good ole mother-in-law
I hope you enjoy warm Diet Coke, fatty.
Cut in line at the airport? Your flight’s going to suck.
Want to be an asshole boss? Let's see you function without employees
Wanted the better mouse? Here have it!
Complain that I'm lazy to my boss; get emails and called out at all hours.
Abuse me, use me, cheat, lie, and kick me out? Get ruined.
My Annoying Younger Cousin
Bully Me, I’ll Fart on Your Food
I see you like to park like a ding-a-li ng. I'll post a picture of your offense on the Internet!
Try to overtake me dangerously? Drive at the speed limit
Smoke my weed and take my TV? I'll have my revenge!
Evicting LuLaHo
The Start Of Something New
Shit on my family, you'll smell that shit firsthand
A teacher stood me up in front of the class because I failed a test. Then he ran into me 4 years later.
Confess you're laughing at people's obliviousness? Let's make them fully aware
'Guidance counselor' revenge
Entitled mom doesn't know how free samples work
Piss me off? Be self entitled? Think your my customer and not a client? Alright then!
I sent my ex a glitter bomb
The Sweet Taste of Cotton Candy
Receipt messages
Nerdy Card Game Revenge
This Damn Principal Deserved It
Hey, you preach it, now practice it...
Abusive paranoid ex gets his due.
Nickle-and-diming the mediocre hotel
Lie to us will you?
"Wow. He really is."
Act like a cheese dick = more work for you
I don't deal with liars, even when compensated
Petty Revenge All Around
Don’t give away a reservation and expect the reservation you screwed to help you with your next reservation.
My brother is dating my ex, so I'm giving them a family "airloom".
Piss me off? I'll blow up your burrito.
and Merry Christmas to you too!!
Petty comeback win
Unrealistic expectations for a project? Have fun trying to do it now.
Strap in for a wild fide fellow redditors cause this petty revenge and juicy juicy school drama is just too good to miss. TL;DR included from yours truly.
I'm sure the HMRC would love to hear about your tax evasion.
Anyone wanna help me frustrate some Nigerian scammers?
Ahh, it’s the little things...
Cut me off and almost cause an accident? Taste Clementine, bitch.
Bully gets called out on her shit and news spreads.
my best friend got roommate revenge on our ex-friend (and her ex-roomie)
Stay on task!
Turnabout is fair play, don't steal my sales.
this was last week
Cat troubles, toddlers, and a sorry excuse for a dad
Break my stuff? I’ll break your outlet
Revenge on 4th grade bullies
Stick ducktape in my hair, have fun sleeping on the floor!
Sheriff's Office gets owned
Lifejackets are Embarrassing
It's the little things that make me happy
Be my friend, rudely tell me off, refuse to even acknowledge me and you expect a gift?
Parent Meeting Because of Chinny Chin Chin
Kept a phone scammer on the line for over an hour
Ghosted me on a pair assignment. Get 0%
I instigated a fight between my ex and his gf after he cheated on me
I stole...
Hope it's hard enough for you
I speak that language too
GF shames a Karen who's angry because she can't overhear a private conversation
My father's petty revenge against the library
Have fun sleeping in Ahole!
Sorry my dog pooped in your yard
Yeah, that space between the SUV in front of me is totally for you bro..(Yeah, this might be a daily commute rant..but..Dashcam video after context)
Oh, I'm sorry, was that the bell?
Take me for granted, will you?
Mod of this SR exacted petty revenge and sabotaged my earlier post. Deleting it and reinstating it back into some obsure on reachable level. It was in the number 1 spot and rising, but the little dictator didn't like my update. Pathetic little shrew.
Made people think I'm crazy? I'll show you crazy.
Did you get it now?!?!
Good Luck Watching GOT This Sunday UPDATE
Bad roommate gets bad WiFi.
No Legal Obligation!
My petty revenge on all rude customers in my checkout line.
Stop stealing my drink.
One time in elementary school a girl next to me was cheating off my test so I...
I'll give you something to do
Waste my time, I'll waste your money.
Pizza Delivery Revenge!
Hit me once? Shame on you. Hit me twice? Shame on me. Hit me three times? Unforgivable.
wanna help me get some petty revenge?
This wasn't even an intentional petty revenge but it's definitely karma
Russian Nazi will be sparkling soon!
Cinema Revenge
Cut me off? I'll make you so mad you almost have a stroke.
Spread nasty rumors about me? Enjoy a million spam emails.
Take out the trash
No queue for you? I hopr you really needed this lemon juice..
Number 3 for the win!
Hid a lady's basket
bully gets put in her place
Wanting ransom for return of lost dog
You make me late for my meeting? I'll screw you out of your break!
Bully screwed over...
I called parking enforcement on my neighbors for a blocked driveway.
The Friend of my Friend is my Enemy
Spread some more rumors why don't ya?
Crazy Girl on Kik
Bully, a lost deal, job and a broken car.
you want to serve your friend first let me make you look bad infront of your boss
For Sale: Petty Revenge
Need suggestions for some petty revenge against my landlord--he is keeping part of my deposit
Small war of petty revenge between me and my step-brother
Wake me up at 8 am on a Sunday and be rude to my girlfriend? I'll call the town on your job site!
Won’t bring me home? I guess I’ll get everyone sick then!
Friend slapped me in the face a few times to wake me up.
TSA Revenge
I don't do anything....ok.
The old toothbrush trick...
A big sister's revenge
A little, lasting present for laying off mom
Getting revenge on behalf of my local baristas
It's the little things that get me through the day.
Advice for petty revenge
Sorority gal consistently rude, surprise when no one wants to say goodbye
Aggressively push me off the road at the last Exit? Have fun going to Brooklyn instead of staying on Staten Island.
Don't run! It's only haaam!
So called "best friend" torments me then gets the best revengeMake me work past the time the law says I can? I get the manager fired.
Spit sunflower seeds all over the floor? Get up and wait while I clean up every last one. (With bonus story)
Laundry sharing gone bad.
You're too lazy to get your own food, huh?
Wanna harass me? Better make sure I am who you think..
Cop calling neighbor battle about noise.
Want to drive up the utility bill? I guess you can afford to pay for a garbage can and bags.Get me in trouble? Enjoy your showers.
Road Rager Rages On
I'm not above tattling on a 24yr.
Sneeze on me? No bacon for you!
Nosey senior citizen neighbors Like To noise complaint me all the time
Treat me like crap and you’ll see. (i suck at titles k)
Fast Food Worker gets their Petty Revenge
My brother gets showered in petty revenge
Don't leave dirty socks on the floor!
You got serv(er)ed
The time my mom knocked out a peeping tom with a frisbee
Cut me out of your life and expect free adobe from me?
You get the furniture, I'll get the cake
Trashtalk me? Get hated by everyone
Double Pettiness at the bank
Petty Revenge on the International Scale
In which I am the intermediary of someone else's revenge and get a free cookie
Cheat on me and think you're off the hook because nobody knows about it? Enjoy having your story shared to the masses!
Bang on the bathroom door? Alright you'll wait longer
my small pitty revenge to my Co-worker
Friday Night in a Scottish Pub
Two boys hit my friend, good luck surviving a berating sesh with her POLICE OFFICER DAD.
I give you the Rooster next door
Do things I don't want to say my whole life? I'll try to ruin your education career
|X-post /r/JusticePorn|Street Preacher is driven off by the power of Bohemian Rhapsody.
Parked us in didn't let us out for 1 1/2hours. Now you'll stay there all night.
Karen cuts me off, so I get sweet... I mean salty revenge!
Looking for a story
Close my tabs and my wifi will announce what you may or may not do for money in your spare time to my neighborhood
Another “teacher won’t let me go to the bathroom” story
Be a total dick to me throughout all of middle school? Enjoy your "tainted" yearbook!
The Asshole Who Couldn't Do Math
Willem Dafoe and the missed shot.
I asked you to talk to me if there was a problem
A Long Time Coming
Naughty mother? Santa is checking his list twice
Fun and games with the workplace kiss assThe TSA line cutter at airport.
Big brother revenge
Vintage toy Karen loses out
Sorry but not sorry for the duck poop.
Was told to post this here (neighbors left dog outside in kennel at 1am it barks non stop)
Speech Professor vs. History Major Student
Revenge tastes sweet, or like vinegar
I stood up to the playground bully for my daughters- BUT I AM NOT THE HERO
Bittersweet story. Mainly bitter.
Want my Doritos? Enjoy your crushed, stale chips!
You're jealous so you make up lies?
Make people wait while you count your pennies, I'll do the same.
me and the neighbor weren't getting along and he kept pointing his security camera into my house. I could look out my kitchen window and see myself through his kitchen window on a 60" flatscreen in his living room.
Don't know if this is petty, but I hope the person who shot that bird was anxious for hours
Giving me a hard time on Black Friday? Meet the back of the line jerk
Randomly Mean Sexy Guy
Just how hairy is his....
Take up my teacher's parking spot? This is what happens.
A little help from karma
Make my work life hell, no lunch for you!
You really need a shift covered, but I'm the only one available to cover that day? Oh well.
Don't want to share a ride in your cow?
FB Revenge Against Misogynistic Assholes
Make me wait for tacos at 2am? No thanks, I will just go around you!
Toothbrush smells like a$$
I'm buying a stapler
Lighting in the bathroom
I made him pay for it
Entitled jerkwad gets savagely revengified!
Want to get remarried? Don't ask your ex for help!
Refuse to help me because I'm an intern? Enjoy your coffee.
How to Properly Deal with Bad Group Members
Blackmail gets you nowhere.
so, she belongs to you? let's see what she thinks about it
Well a classic case of karmaBeing a idiot to my friend? Get's itchy!
Revenge for a revenge. Very short.
Force me and everybody else in Germany pay for something, they did not ask for? Get stapled.
Petty revenge on former housemates
My science teacher always ignores me when I ask questions...
Milwaukee looter defeated by inanimate object
I guess you're making out with me now
Drive down opposite a one way street? Dont worry, ill be swift
Freeway Fun
Bitch at me over the phone like it's my fault?
Him: "Go Fuck Yourself, I'll smoke where I want." Me: "I'm sure you do...."
The Mail Thief: Return to Sender
Deny me sleep? I'll deny you sweets.
A slanderous mishap
Take my bosses job
School doesn’t provide homebound, So I make sure it’s worth my while.
I totally believe Verizon is a scum bag enough company to intentionally not send me my final bill so I would forget to pay. But I'm on top of my bills.
I wonder if this will work on bank loans too?
How my twin sister got back at our evil history teacher on graduation day
Hang up on me? I'll just make you check your voicemail, especially after that dumb outgoing message.
scalped
How to make a creep uncomfortable.
The Hand Cream Thief
Humiliate me in front of co-workers? Clean my poopie.
Brace yourselves, another roommate story.
You wanna tailgate me while I'm already doing 10 over?
REVENGE TO BTS FANS SPAM COMMENTS
So I’m at work right now. A lady comes in and already starts being demanding.
A mean name for a mean teacher
Drive the wrong way down a one way alley, I'll make you 30 seconds late
Someone in my building took my laundry out before the drying cycle ended and put it on the floor. I circled back and opened the dryers with her clothes. I wish I could see her face when she finds everything still wet.
Talk on your cell, don't acknowledge me and hold up my line? You pay twice.
Accidentally told the recipient of my incoming revenge, didn't matter!
Follow a car and get arrested
Christmas gift ideas for my boss
"Its to complicated"
Co-worker makes up her own rules, I make mine
r/pettyrevenge I am passing on a bible of knowledge for petty revenge to you. George Hayduke's "Make 'Em Pay," the ultimate revenge from the master tricksters
Trivial MS shills
All that glitters Isn't Gold.
Guy buttered me up, then ghosted me, so I got petty
Use my email address, will you?
Ignore me, I'll inconvenience you.
Is there another subreddit for intense revenge?
Telling lies won't bring you any further
The man who crossed my dad
Every dog has it's day
I set my families cutlery out the 'wrong way' on purpose.
No regrets.
Pouting over the laundry I do? We'll see about that.
Nothing personal
Get revenge on duck faced rotten drop of rose wine!
Lunchroom Bully Tries to Kick Us Out of Cafeteria Seats. I Make Sure He Can't
Toilet paper while in Basic training at Ft. Knox KY
butthole land lord petty revenge
Hostile jerk in restaurant
Never wash my pan? Fine.
Steel my money, bitch? I'll make sure you'll regret AND never forget!
Bus Driver refuses to allow jerk on his bus
Petty Cheer team revenge
Taught my new company not to mess with employees
Want to use my face as game console profile pic have not using it for the next year
Sis won't share, wny going crazy for an hourTwo Truckers Stick It To Some Idiots On The HighWay
one guy, two raincoats
The shirt
No more fortnite for you then
Soaking wet anti-revenge
Teaching Teachers Lessons
ID please...
This is MY pump.
IT woe's
Oh, so, homoerotic things make you uncomfortable?
Don't be rude to the mentally unstable...
Be so rude to your 12 yo student, here is your answer.
Petty revenge for being a racist.
Finally got sweet, hilarious revenge on a recurring thief.
Never Piss Off a Patient Man
I spammed a Nazis email for handing out flyers with hate speech
Want to brag about how I'm doing your work to my face, fine you can do mine instead
Sorry your burrito isn't picture perfect...
use my nickname or I'll use your nickname instead
Pettiness on the bus
Revenge with a diet coke antidote.
My Homophobic Neighbor Thinks He’s the Parking Police
Treat me like shit and fire me after I spent thousands at your store? Enjoy not having a store.
Bail on our date? No more GoT for you.
Grope my GF?? we'll see about that
Spam Called A Company Spam Emailing Me
My revenge on amazon.com
need you guys to help me out with this ass clown.
Outsmarted the fool who thought he outsmarted me. Revenge one and part one of revenge two.
Steal my gym? No problem, I’ll wast your time
You make me sour, so I'll return the favor.
Thanks For the New Phone Asshole
Curse at me for doing my job and try to get me fired? Enjoy being ID'd everywhere.
Nosy Mail Carrier
Grammar nazi
Don't piss me off when I'm trying to work
Fighting the good fight for personal space...
An eye for an eye. Fuck your sun-strength headlights.
Don't contribute to the project after constant reminders? Enjoy a piss grade
Revenge can be finger lickin' good
I got angry with my parents
I’m 18. I’m going to the bathroom if I want
Lowered His Rating
Cut me off now, I'll slow you down .later.
I'm sorry but I'm busy buying books
It's Almost Deer Season...
Beach Boys concert
Delete the games on my girlfriend's PC? I'll delete 2 dlls out of the games you play.
my cats revenge - on me!
Teach you to park like an asshole...
Repossessed Dad's car
r/kidbreaksupfriendsandpretendstobeinnocent
Have fun getting the cardboard in the baler
So you think that's petty...
Don't fuck with me. I fuck harder. Always.
Shitbag picks on girl for last time
Fuck with my family have fun with a restraining order/xparty
I slam my apt door to spite my neighbor below me.
My ex wife planned a trip out of town with the kids to coincide with Father’s Day today.
You don't want me to hold the door open for you? Alright then open it yourself.
If you're going to park me in, do it properly
Break my PS2 controller, you walk back home
Sibling bathroom revenge
Good luck covering that up!
You didn't actually want to play, did you?
lock on lock? petty
Bother me on my night of freedom? You freeze to death!
My neighbors are assholes and I am petty.
Do not piss off Thy neighbor!
"Have a good NIGHT"
Hope you like drinking Bananas
So you wanna come around my work to show off your new boyfriend, huh?
Driving lessons aren't free.
McDonalds in my area let refuse get all over my residential area and refused to clean it.
Double petty revenge in the same day
Bow to me (petty fun in the army)
Hope you had another straw, bitch
It Must Really Suck Making That Second Trip.
Revenge is a dish but served wet &amp; wild
A redditor was unhappy when I used my last 100 coins to give a comment of his silver, as he wanted gold MINIMUM. He insulted both me and my hedgehog and I shared our convo to reddit. The post was gilded like crazy and I’ve been giving him more silver from the coins that the post has given me.
Grown man threatening a teen? Enjoy your destroyed groceries.
Minecraft Server Takedown
Petty pool day destruction
Karma’s Petty Revenge.
Noise complaint..
Don't want vinegar don't get me grounded then
Harass me and my bud while we are streaming? Hope you like your ban.
Piss bottle hidden behind curtains in toxic mother's spare bedroom
How I got revenge for being laid off.
5yr old gets mad and we ban him...
4th grade art heist
Won't replace a faulty phone case, enjoy paying someone to chat with me for an hour.
Revenge at a Red Light
Don't mess with customer service.
Thanks a latte
Pettiness in the hallways.
Originally posted to AITA, but got removed for being revenge. (How i get back at my sister for leaving the toilet seat wet)
Made a brown-nosing Marine fail barracks inspection
Quick wit to the checkout bitch
Bite my boyfriend? Good luck getting out of this rental contract.
Oh, really, you've been doing everything? I hadn't noticed!
If I obey the rules so will you!
Would you like some extra grease with that?
Petty revenge against the girl who slept with my sister's boyfriend
Have my same email? Ok then.
Almost run me over? Enjoy waiting for 10 minutes.
Don't do the tiny amount of work you're given? Have fun trying to play your games.
Xbox Warranty revenge
Talk to me like rubbish? Wait extra time for your mayo chicken
Steal my friend’s orange? Enjoy a night of puking.
Bully attacked me and ended up in hospital
Lazy entitled girl uses my driveway repeatedly, I spend 2 hours modifying my driveway to damage her car.
Irritate me? Scratch your head wondering why the microwave won't heat up your coffee..
The Unknown Late Fee and the 150+ Old Checks
Can you change your alarm? (Petty wholesome revenge)
Sit next to me on a nearly empty plane? Enjoy the back if my head.
Think I'm a slow, stupid female? I won't ask you how you're doing!
Impatience gets you nothing
Don't dump your trash bag outside my apartment
That's MY daughter, bitch!
Bullshit customer
Leave the lunch I bought you at home?
Your dog likes me more.In Which an Old Lady Complains about the Lawn
User our washers, lose your clothes.
This revenge probably won't happen for a while, but when it does, I'll feel a lot better.
Revenge idea: Song to play after someone answers the phone
you drop your trash, i get petty
Tailgate me? Enjoy going 10 below
Take my souvenir? Fine, I'll make a new one!
Copy me and you will get a bad grade
I gotta sleep somewhere
I may or may not be responsible for this
Put tldr in the top then you deserve a downvote
You got a grill for sale?
They sicced me on her
When my wife doesn't replace an empty toilet paper roll, I replace it the "wrong" way.
Sherbert.
Cheap and make me do stuff?
Steal a bag of beef jerky? That's your lunch, then
Want to be a bitch? OK then, Sweat!
Data analysis right away
Sorry, we can't serve you.
Put your shopping cart back
Bakery B
Two boys, a Cardboard Samurai, a Paper Katana, and a Bonfire.
Sweet dreams.
You will not catch any other speeders today!
Sexual Harrasing my crush
Treat me like dirt
Don't piss off the admin.
The Devil Dog story
Oh, you like scrapin' in your crappy car? Well I hope you also like scraping gum off your shoe.
Trash day vs. Next door Neighbor's car
Office lunch etiquette
A ROBLOX petty revenge!Step-Daughter’s plans go wrong, and she thinks it’s all her own fault
FearOfMissingOut (FOMO)
My housemate likes peanut butter, but doesn't like washing his knives after using them
Screw you and your lawn!
Cats and Dogs
Almost plow into me with your van? I will waste 5 seconds of your time.
Carrier Bag refund after you've just kicked up a fuss about buying them? Hoo noo you don't!
Lady tries to short change me $2 on a food delivery and make me pay for it. I had a better idea.
Unnofficial bouncer gets his.
Did someone forget their keys?
Oh yeah? How do you like a nice smelling pillow?
HELP REDDIT GOT HACKED NEED REVENGE
Want to steal my parking space? Have fun with the ticket jackass.
Dont eat my cheap candy
Contractor friend gets called stupid by an engineer, checks if engineer busness name is registered. Buys the engineers business name.
Napoleonic complex bully gets what's coming to him
I took all the good chocolates.
Spam this number 9173186817
Controlling boyfriend.
Hack me? Don't play again.
Putting the toilet seat down...
Demanding customer gets what he deserves.
My Science Teacher
“She Made Me Fall In Love With Her”
Have a crack at me about my weeds? Enjoy your lack of social life!
Drink my Gatorade? I’ll put my urine in it.
Another airline post, but with a baby
Make us work late on the Friday before a holiday weekend? Michael Jackson has something to say to you, boss.
Kid was being annoying so I took the donut he wanted
Don’t kick me out of our housing plan
You tell me to “go faster,” and you pay the price.
Pure Parking Pettiness
$2k and a diamond ring not "good enough" to marry you? Enjoy being unmarried!
Noisy Upstairs Neighbors Silenced
I prefer my petty revenge subtle.
You want petty? You'll get petty
Never annoy a tired cop (even a part-time one)
Homophobic Bitch? Alright, I'll be gay for you
I poured shampoo,baby powder and conditioner in this girl gym locker
Sister will be mean, I will make her think she has a rat problem.
Being passive-aggressive will get you nowhere
Don't throw my laundry on the floor
Had to hear neighbors scream, yell and beat their kids through the thin walls for nearly 2 years in West Baltimore.
Withhold my pay? I’ll ruin your online reputation.
So these people have been leaving death threats for a friend who's a single mom.
It's the little things that keep a marriage together
You bully me, you get it
Homophobic teacher threats me so I was EXTRA gay
Lazy kid gets owned by APUSH teacher in a petty way
keep using my email? i'll go ahead and cancel those reservations for ya.
It's not a ticket, but it's what I had.
Cutting me off won't save you any time today.
Personal satisfaction against annoying robo callers
Obnoxious sign
Maybe if she asked nicely she would have a little quiet time
My revenge on my 4th grade bully
Tea-ching the inlaws a lesson.
My MIL Refers To Me As "That Thing"
Mess with my laundry? Have fun finding your clothes.
Steal my bus seat? I'll get you suspended.
I think the thermostat is broken.
Steal my stuff 5 years and insult me? Enjoy the music of hell? (warning, very petty)
Me and my friends sang louder to spite someone we dislike during class who told us to stop singing… in a free period
Piss and Petty
You start bullying me? Okay, I'll get you expelled.
Don’t except me to come around if you don’t do the same.
My friend now nose not to be a dick
Berate my friends and family in front of me, I take your candy and ruin your photos.
I spat on a kid who was acting like a cock.
Piss me off while I'm taking a test, and there will be some revenge.
Think you can control everything? Think again...
If you're rude, you will be denied important information.
Want to cut infront of me? I'll ruin your little game!
It can't hurt you...it's already dead
Yard Sale Revenge
Shove people aside to get on the train before others? Nope.
Don't touch my bike.
Tailgaters...  Karma's a bitch.
Turn About Is Fair Play
The good ole towel toss never gets old
If someone has somewhat of an ability to draw, and knows your ponysona, most hated pony, and mailing address, don’t stab them in the back
After years of being broken up, I make my ex make me sandwiches.
Epic Conductor Revenge
Slumlady
You didn’t say please...
shut up turkey sandwich
Don't appreciate me? Have fun grabbing the wrong thing.
Beer Thief
Should I take revenge?
This prick wanted to ruin my first real party, called me a fag, and so i made his night a hell in earth.
Rosted a girl in 9th grade
Denounce my Faith? We'll see...
Mess with our wifi? We keep it with no pay
I made my bully never bully me again
1 Extra Minute
Don't talk shit before it's over
Petty revenge against my father
So you think we're all rednecks around here?
A trip to the zoo
Bully me and tell lies? Okay, enjoy HR.
Asshole parking
The shittiest barbecue
Bridezilla Catering Rage
Netflix over sex? Your loss, baby.
Drive on the pedestrian riverside road,take your time
Best Way to Beat a Bully? Scare Them.
Refuse my little brother service cause he can't speak, fuck you.
That mute button doesn't work
Enjoy eating in my fart cloud, bitches!
recommendations for signing creepy boss up for spam emails
Don't use my phone number.
My wife went to Norway without me, so I bought myself a new cell phone.
Stood me up and....what should I do?
short story............. jerk causes small loss to himself
I thought I was sticking it to the airline but was really serving petty revenge on the stewardess XD
Compensated for rude customer
Try to scare me before I get on the ride? I'll kill you with my glare.
Too Cheap to Tip, Too Cheap to Order.
My roommates are horrible people (and vegans) so I poured normal milk into their almond milk
You don't have to tip me, but your vanity plate doesn't have to brag about your money either, so...
Too much of a chicken shit to give a simple courtesy message? I hope you like dogs.
No problem, but this will cost you. Not me.
Don't tell me about delivering the rent? I won't tell you about delivering the receipt
Go out of your way not to sit next to me, don't get registered
You're in a hurry? Too bad - enjoy being stuck behind a bus!
Fries with your dandruff?
Yell at me and be embarrassed in front of all the other girls
Bad customer service and intentionally obscuring payment due? I’ll pay you back... Slowly.
Annoying Neighbor Drama
Revenge without doing anything, my roommates were crazy
In Call Centres we have calendars, remember that
My boyfriend chose dishes.
Throw at me in a baseball game? We'll see how that works out for you...
For Everyone Who Has Been Cheated On
Traumatize me and throw me out like an old rag will you?
why you
What are the odds of that?
You really are a sick bully.
Cross-post by request. My girlfriend HATES it when the toilet paper faces the wrong way around. I've been doing this every time I replace it.
Enjoy your pea coffee
talking about my freinds like that in the gym?well i don't think so!
Complain about wait time? Wait even longer!
Change the motel tv everyday? Enjoy parental control.
Refuse to remove my details from your account? You'll have to travel to pick up your deliveries!
I got revenge on a ebay scammet
I stole my flat iron back from my aunt
Engineers should never mess with their dispatchers
I got him in trouble with his friends
Lady is impatient with bikers and receives petty revengeI have my ex’s phone number and email.
I used a person's word against them
I fuck up at work on purpose and keep getting promoted
Make our lobby ugly, I am going to infuriate you.
Kid is annoying (idk what else to say)
You prey on young children? I’ll tell the whole school about your diaper fetish.
The campus cafeteria doesn't take debit cards anymore...
Almost run me over? I'm not helping you
We only have two men's toilets for the whole floor.
Valentine's Day revenge
Shared laundry etiquette is difficult.
Decided to play video games instead of clean up the kitchen? Have fun disconnecting mid-game.
Let's see who keeping stealing my lighters now...
If you're a jerk at the grocery store, you don't get any cake.
Petty revenge on a former "mean girl"!
The little things makes me happy.
Oh you like to tailgate! Say goodbye to your job
First Impression of Homecoming
Treat me like crap? Your bags will be crap.Du-Rag Seasoning
I’m the captain now.
A phone for a phone
Take my space, I’ll ruin your Mercedes
bully me and get away with it. ill ruin your perfect attendance
Expect us to do your bookings with a third party for you? I'll happily waste your precious time!
My 1st Post! i get bullied
Send “Notice of Withdrawal of Application” letters to companies that ghost you
So much for saving money!
Don’t Insult the One That Bakes for You
It's against company policy to deliver packages to an asshole.
Just doing my job correctly
Got removed from pro revenge so here we go!
Well you can wait for two red lights, then.
Two can play the yelling game.
My roommate kept messing with the thermostat...
Spray my car? How does it feel+
Scare me will you?
Two can play at that game
Don't Crowd Me In Zumba Class
Make fun of me? Have fun vomiting!
Earphones next time, bud (NSFW text)
Won't leave a message with me? Fine!
Why I don't wash my hands after using the toilet at work.
New supervisor micromanaging, what could go wrong?
Anti-PC
A couple years ago someone I was seeing just flat out told me that he wasnt interest in me and was pretty rude about it. Tonight I had the last laugh.
Karen principal takes my phone while I’m texting my mom to pick me up AFTER school and while I’m outside, so I of course did what any normal person would do.
Smartphone repair
You don't want to take the trash out? Fine, then you don't get trash.
A girl tried to Scare me telling me "I Got AIDS" ended up having therapy.
Guy was a real Bowser
If you will steal my lunch every day... ok enjoy it.
Make me walk the long way home? Enjoy your extra fizzy pop.
Bitches at Walmart be like...
Sorry Beauty Queen
Screw over the store, lose your bonus
Enjoy cleaning lipstick off of your windshield. Or learn to park better.
The one time I waited 4 years to get revenge on my ex best friend
Noisy neighbours vs. elevator
You Want The Rare Toy? Abide Wheaton's Law.
Kid messes with my laundry
Don't tip me? I'll ruin your date.
Oh, tailgate me with your high-beams on?
I'm a bad human being but: Someone dinged my car while I was sitting inside of it. The guy watched me as he did it. There was more than enough room, but he just yeeted his door onto my car. I opened my car door onto his car after he said he wouldn't apologise for it.
Girl was a bitch to me off and on over the school year then got her bf to dump her as revenge👊🏻😎
Gonna play loud music right by my house? Fine, then I'll make sure your car keeps getting water spots
Revenge in a simple text.
Rich Revenge
Jonas Wyns - A Scammer Who Got Away - My Story
Best websites to sign someone up for physical junk mail?
Rudly demand my seat at the buss, well F you
Making fun of me using a foreign language? wait for my revenge!
How my new manager fiered herself at the first day
A boy spat on me and I got his dad to slap him
Dirty dishes
It's nice to know powerful people
Don't butt in line bitch
Snarky comments leave you without coffee.
Rude over laundry? Enjoy your wet clothes.
Cashier Petty Revenge
Fuck you, BSA troop! I fucked you over, too!
Robot Fun Petty Revenge
Texting while driving in traffic? Called it!
Dedicated to the annoying pricks at concerts.
Take six MONTHS+ to complete a project that is only supposed to take nine weeks MAX? Here is the check.
Be the toughest policeman in town? see what we do to your son ;)
Users of Reddit - Help me out
His psycho ex gf asked me where he was
The WiFi Password
Touch my things without my consent? You'll get yours.
This guy is a parasite.
Have fun getting in your car.
Yeah I'll get that for you...
Taught my daughter how to shut a door.
expose
Sure... I'll wash your clothes...
Grocery Store Traffic Jam
Double petty revenge on a nieghbor
Blame it on the cat and I will get you to step on sharp plastic.
Sometimes it pays to be a smoker.
Taunt me all summer, I'll cover your walls.
Neighbor playing music really loud late at night
Block my driveway, spoil your evening
Telemarketers delight
FIGHT
Moocher Loses Investor And Gets Owned
sweet but petty revenge on bully
Team mates ditch me and coming crawling back &gt;:)
of course you can keep the growler i loaned you
Petty Revenge that took almost 12 years to accomplish...
i got my ex best friend mad at her abusive boyfriend
Revenge on a thief
Accidental Revenge on Jerk Chemistry Teacher
Blast your phone and call me a racist? Enjoy Guns 'n Roses!
Won't give me a job with my new degree, No problem.
My crush turned me into a one night stand
Being petty at the window.
Pettiness for the long-haul
I finally caught them stealing my pizza pan!
CL car buyer is a royal pain when purchasing a used vehicle from me..
Lady cuts me in line for the subway, I make her miss her exit
Annoying kid feels the cold of petty revenge and heat of embarrassment
How my bro and I COMPLETELY DESTROYED a person who was cursing at random players!!! &lt;( ' w ' )&gt;
Park in front of a fire hydrant and block my driveway? I'll ruin your party.
Judge a book by it's cover? No commission for you!
I renamed my ex's hard drive without her knowing, then she went shopping...
Son gets v-bucks stolen.
A bad week at work ends on a satisfying note.
One year of revenge
Ok but how illegal is blackmail&amp; extortion
Have fun pealing them off each other!
my food, get your own
Money-bumming parasite tricked into a tight spot.
If you take up my lane, I guess you won't mind if I take up yours
Don’ want to wash your dish? Have fun being soaked
Nice way to tell a lady she's being a bitch
My dad decides to let everyone know the guy behind us is an asshole.
It's my last day at my terrible job. Figured you guys would enjoy this the most.
My Coworker Mocked Me So I Made Him Lose His Mind.
"Hey, you're not as good looking as you think you are."
Make me look foolish? Let me ruin your relationship
Throw a fit that you can no longer control me? Have fun replaprecious apple thingcing your
Have fun tomorrow!
Getting Revenge On Rude Entitled Kid
4 wheel drive dumbass
A fair share...
Too lazy to teach? Enjoy the bad reviews...
Took my supervisors job
Want to whine about doing your job? Fine, enjoy the reaming from your boss.
Block my view at a concert, enjoy a bottle to the head!
Petty revenge on jerk at the restaurant I work at
Hack my Spotify? I'll ruin your party.
I showed up my classmates on a group project, sorry, not sorry.
If you preach it, be sure to practice it!
How I made someone feel fire in there mouth and became the contraband king
Don't ever disrupt my love for Tolkien.
Juice thief got what she deserved.
Keep sipping on my drink? I hope you like hot sauce.
Sardines in a can
Don't tell me how to drive
Hope you like hot mustard
Annoying cats that meow all night. (A comment I posted, thought I should share with everyone.)
"It pisses me "
One girls revenge on 2 dudes
Neighbor is OBSESSED With My Packages
No, you can't have that kibble, asshole.
"Your dog shit in my yard" and other tales from my side of the hedge
My dog got what he deserved.
Shoes on in the house? How do you like cleaning up my mess?
Another round of golf? Enjoy the dog smell!
don't steal my online name
I guess go forth, minions..?
Petty Poisoned Dr Pepper Revenge
Keep waking me up all hours of the day? Time to play with the freezer
After 10 months of my complaints being ignored, my building fixed the issue within 8 hours of posting this note
Slick Sammy and Wife's True Characters Exposed
Wake us all up at 6am, expecting to get laid? Not on my watch.
Leaked porn of bad housemates online
my psycho ex friends
My sister and her friends put chilipowder in my yoghurt, so I gave them my ultimate revenge.
Mess With Me? I'll Mess With Your Cake!
My coworkers have a habit of being snarky at each other... So as the new guy, I decided to join in at the dude being snarky to an older teacher.
Blasting music vs sleep
So this guy told a girl to kill herself...
Truck beds are not trashcans.
If my roommate finds out what i did, he will literally try to kill me.
Get mad at me for not giving enough ice cream so you get way more than you bargained for
Mess up my close? I'll mess up your food.
“Does he know you are coming tonight?”
Revenge against a bigot
manager demands exactitude, that's what he gets
Too important to stand up for 15 minutes
Leftover food stealing night shift worker gets the night shits.
Made a girl cry after she stuck gum in my hair
You skipped me bitch
My mom irrationally hates the tv show “Lucifer” because “ITS ABOUT THE DEVIL,” so when we text now, I try to use gifs from the show whenever possible and she has no idea what they’re from.
Sorry Sir That’s My Sandwich
Use my m4d student programming skills for free? I'll help my peeps out.
Inside Your Dog's Mind
Make me your errand boy? Get ready to breath fire!
Fuck your rules, bus driver
We have time, we close at 9:30
That's not a parking spot.
So you want to steal my controller asshole?
Petty Revenge on a Cop.
Eat all of the food and then complain?
The tale of the Entitled Princess, the Vengeful Wage Slave, and the Fake I.D. (Longish but worth it in abundance)
Chicken sandwich revenge.
My mom made me upset...
Oh, you want to pay with pennies, eh?
You don't get to save $5
Long distance revenge
Tables turned, as I (foreigner) willfully, gladly, consciously denied her tenure. Welcome to Japan.
Roommates friends keep partying, crashing and trashing our place. Enjoy your Thanksgiving dinner with a side of petty revenge
Good Luck Reaching Your Textbooks
Thought this belonged here
Lounge chair revenge
A bus driver's revenge on a fare scofflaw
Terrible roommate season 2
So I was building a sandcastle the other day when this happened...
Realized the circuit breaker is in my room.
Free Lotto Tickets??
Triumph over the neighborhood Karen
Rude/fake local politician gets unelected
Frozen Yogurt Revenge: A dish best served cold
Long Receipts
Don’t piss off the people that handle your food
The customer is always right
Steal my soft frink ? Enjoy!
Friend gets revenge on lazy classmate
Sister always steals my food, I make a fool of myself on her graduation to stop her.
Don't steal a pregnant woman's seat.
Put me on crutches? Enjoy the U in your GCSE
No YouTube for you!
I can embarrass you more
I turned the "fake lottery ticket" joke around on my kids
Let me add to your road rage
Ditch all Apartment cleaning during Move-Out? Alright I'll get my revenge.
I need help annoying someone who wronged me.
My dad elbowed my grandpa in the face
Help me get revenge on Wesley.
kick me and my brother out of the party for no reason? okay, enjoy your phone being blown up.
Pee on my snowman again......
Small, but it screwed up the monthly reports
Only the pettiest of pub revenge
Lie about your age and ask for nudes? I wonder how your mom will feel about this.
test
Make my life a living hell? I’ll make sure everyone knows your an asshole.
I could have been the adult in the situation, but tbh, these kids are assholes...
Fire me on the spot for a bullsh*t reason and blame me for not doing my job? Ok, I’ll play that game.
Learn how to grocery shop
Steal my boyfriend?...I will retaliate with the pettiest of revenges.
Math teacher mad I "took to long in the bathroom," so I got some petty revenge.
If you're not doing your job right, you're not getting your compensation.
Dog Barks All Night?
Harass my younger brother? I'll bang your sister
Third party petty parking revenge
Gave an idiot a run for money ; Literally
College Roommate
Make demands, let your food go cold.
Razor Blades and Car Stereos
Revenge on Math Teacher
Big trucks don't require 4 parking spots.
Stocks
Sweet gas revenge
Hemp binding yarn.
I'm always complaining people interrupt me, my SO being one of them.
Free Carwash
Don't fuck with my hangover.
Don’t Block My Car
Prepare for some mild inconvenience, you hurtful bitch.
Holiday/Birthday Revenge
Someone tried to copy my answers during class. Rather than tell the teacher, I had a better idea.
A moment of Awesome
Wet
Delay my break will you?
Sent my narc ex a copy of “the picture of Dorian Gray”
Don't want to live together next year?
Best Hits
Keep me awake? No more Skypes with the GF then!
Harassment by parking attendant leads to 25 years of not paying tolls
Office workers know petty.
Robo calls and spam email
Being Petty to Rude Customers
Bad behaving DJ learns his little lesson
"Do you offer a flat rate?"
Bully me throughout school? I’ll just call you out on your bs on Insta because I can’t think of anything better
How to deal with a CSGO troll
Allow your friend to cut in line, miss out on a nice tip
Yes, you WILL have to unpack that box!
Ex’s new girlfriend gets too drunk to find her phone, I get too petty to help.
Be a jerk to the sub? Get your just desserts!
Moving Out Special: Locked Doors!
Never Turn off your alarm? Enjoy the noisy shower.
Unreasonably void contract and then gets fired
Blow me off again? Then don't get your stuff back.
Our contract doesn't include desks and chairs? What does it include?
REVENGE
Glitter in the showerhead
Dearest Bagel Thief,
Bathroom revenge
Short N Snappy
3rd grade revenge
You've had enough pictures taken of you already!
Stop taking my clothes.
If you're rude to me I'll give you the shitty bananas.
Leave my room a mess?? I'll "delete" your save file.
Gonna act like a dick? Have some slugs.
Challenge me in archery? Nah, bro.
A clean stripe of petty revenge.
META: the best revenge is petty revenge
Fifty-five asshole, fifty-five
Roommate refused to clean the litterbox, now theres catshit in her bed
The 7-11 girl
Don't buy a train ticket and then have the nerve to ask for directions - enjoy going the wrong way... Come back to complain about it. Have a £80 ($100) fine too
Don't like my husband? Goodluck finding your theater.
Won't let me shop in peace? Have spider lashes.
"Sorry, I've got a life".
(306) 909 1338
Fart on me? Get the blame for a (literal) shit of a mess
Maybe next time you'll do your dishes
Don't Steal #1(Also this is my first post) Hi Rslash!!
This little piggy kicked my seat, and this little piggy violated my personal bubble, and THIS little piggy...
What’s the best way to get petty revenge on a co-worker?
"Nice move, bro."
I'm a sore loser at Magic, sometimes...
Pettiest moment of my life: Revenge on my ex-assistant after she stole my work
Failing On Purpose
My neighbours are full of shit (pun intended)
Shower in peace! NOT!!!
help me help her get back at him
Revenge on the dog shit neighbor
My cleanest shutdown of a Microsoft support scammer to date
Took an idea from here :)
NSFW go raid this girl
Apartment Complex Parking Revenge
The Tailgater
Revenge is best served at a wedding
Try to prank us? Get bad karma.
Government "home" revenge on a worker
I called the cops and ICE on a girlfriend that cheated on me and gave me chlamydia. Her whole family got deported and she ended up selling herself on backpage.
u/thenewaddition's wife criticises his lasagna and responds with the best petty revenge I've seen.
Bullies can be trained
My mother gets revenge on a racist rude neighbor
School come backs
Snitched and I Don't Care.
Need ideas on how to get back at noisy upstairs neighbor!
Outed a Grindr psychopath to his family after months of online abuse.
Shoes and shirt and still no service
Neighbor refused to turn down TV at 3am, and I left on my stereo on full blast.
Small revenge on my boss for talking at me.
Self-checkout failure to compute.
I wiped my dick on my dad's towel
Turning down your fans is okay, but you crossed the line
Whiteney Houston vs Cannibal Corpse.
Traffic Revenge
Threaten me, then mumble insults? HAVE SOME PISS.
Kid gets me out in dodgeball, paid him in nickels.
N
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
Car alarm for bitchy mom.
Try to take my jobs? Enjoy your boring stapling.
PO3 Chad caused me pain I gave him "Fudge"
Don’t leave your computer unlocked in my house
We tricked an annoying housemate into spending thousands on pc partsEgg my car? Oh revenge will be delayed 3 months
It took time but it came back around
BoomBox Revenge
I’ll make sure to recommend your favorite show to everybody!
Oh, you're gonna cut us in line for Mumford &amp; Sons? Big mistake.
The most passive way to get back at my roommate
A dog's revenge
Effortless Revenge
Teacher tried to make me look like an idiot in front of the whole class so I flipped it back on him
He broke my arm, I broke his balls
The April Fools Pranks of '92 and '93
Thrust your vehicle into a crosswalk as I’m about to cross then slow to a stop right in my way and now you want my parking spot?
Kick me out of my sleeping spot and I'll make sure to slightly hamper your gaming experience
A Sweet But Bitter Revenge
I own my debit card... I know how it works.
Switched trash can
You think you're queen bee? Think again.
Snotty Actress Gets A Taste of Her Own Medicine
I stole my sugar daddy's dream girl
Free Trial be gone
School spirit and jizz on your face... you shouldn't have f*cked with me!
Getting an evil woman to buy me ice cream outside of Universal Studios park barefoot
Don't cheat off me, 2nd grade edition
why do people take life seriously?!
Stand us up? I’ll do the same to you.
So you’re gonna cheat off of my test?
Don't park between the trailers!
I unintentionally got revenge after almost being scammed
The wet bed incident
Neighbor calls the cops on us for no reason, so one night my mom does the same but with a reason
Cheating Ex DVR petty revenge
It was me, I called the health department
Petty revenge from my pet
Revenge on a shitty friend
Sure, pile it all on
Is this too petty or
Laugh at me for something I can't control? I'll laugh when your professional license gets terminated.
"Can you prove it's yours'?
Work for your grades if you want good ones.
Learn to call out empty trays!
Congratulations, you a-holes
My best friend's revenge with a Dead Rat
An uncomfortable weekend
Jackass sitting in my pre-booked seat? No problem. No problem at all.
Next week huh
F*ck you Samsung.
Cashier in an electronic store wants to do an insurance at all costs at my item
Train Maniac
Pushed too far
Petty revenge against an officer.
My boyfriend cheated on me so I Naired off his left eyebrow in his sleep.
Clean up your mess next time...
Teacher bans laptops in class
No offence
Monkey Girl
Suggestions for petty revenge
Pitiful customer service
Two Girls, One Stone
Never want to work a holiday? ok, we can work with that.
I got my 5th grade teacher fired
Insulting me at work? Almost like you want me to cry... I guess I will.
The Xbox problem
Douche bag alert!
Friend being bullied/trolled on twitter. How can I get revenge and teach the troll a lesson?
Where's the 5 cents?
Don't tell me to hurry up you stripper.
Please don't party on weeknights man! Fuck me? Ok...
Don't leave your phone laying around if it's not password protected!
A guy was driving behind me with his high beams on...
Touch My Books? Have Some Gummy Bears
I ruined Glee Club
An Old Tale of Petty Revenge
Call me names, get knocked down a few pegs.
I threatened to expose my bully for secretly liking me.
Use my toothpaste and leave dirty crockery everywhere? Enjoy poorly cooked food for life
No more flushing the toilet for you...
Didn't seek out revenge, the oppurtunity presented itself...when no one takes me seriously as a woman in computer science
That's a nasty sunburn you got there. Maybe I can help?
Got my ex kicked out of university
Want to Keep Taking 4AM Showers and Waking Me Up? Bet.
The spilling drunk
Cut me off on the Highway? Prepare to get break checked
spicy hot revenge
Getting petty revenge on petty employer
Best Art Teacher Ever
You judge my favorite TV show, and I'll judge yours!
RFR (request for revenge):
Don't make fun of someone who is sick
Do a jerk move? Prepare to hold it.
/r/pettyrevenge, I need your help!
Same ol' sheet
Neighbor hogs shared driveway, gets ticketed and fined
Try to take my dog say good bye to your garden
Don't steal someone's tips.
Master of chopsticks eh?
The know-it-all who knows it all
Rude camping neighbors
Think you can use me as a buffer when the tube rocks from side to side? Here's my elbow.
Won't walk to me? I won't walk to you!
Our neighbours steal our food takeaways all the time - we need a good prank to ensure they never do it again!
Former friend accuses me of mistreating her boyfriend. She then finds out he cheated on her with me.
Collection charge? If you say so
I beat my 17 year old girlfriend to death with a tennis racket and then shit in her mouth.
My ex was vegetarian and I let her eat meat.
How I got my tenured college professor fired as revenge!
“I’ve Had it with This F*cking order...”
Chocolate revenge
Petty sweet revenge at The Happiest Place on Earth
Hurr durr, do a do? &gt;:( Enjoy something you no like.
Crummy cake.
You want to gamble? Hello new furniture!
Petty revenge within petty revenge. Petty revenge-ception
Petty hair tie reviews
Bait &amp; switch? Wrong person to do that to pal!
Hit my Car while on the phone? Enjoy stopping at every floor.
my brother decided it would be funny to steal my snack again so I let him have it, but..
That’d be a you problem
You talk about my dad I ruin your education
Husband has gone 20 YEARS without speaking to his wife since she upset him.
Fiancee's boss won't let her take some work home one night to make up time to go to a MUCH cheaper dentist, you can pay an it tech to fix your computer.
She probably thinks she is grtting Alzheimer's now..
Kia Soul vs Dodge Challenger
Don't want to update your contact number? Enjoy having all of your appointments canceled.
That'll show her! (X-post /r/trashy)
Lie and say I was trying to hook up with you? Face my wrath!
Petty Revenge on My Son
Touch my Doritos, Lose your liquor
I got a lier to catch himself out.
My sister is being a bitch
You wanna be the worst neighbor ever? Let's see you sweat a little
I blasted bad country music all night just to bother my terrible neighbor
Good dog
Put my roommate in his place (eventually...)
Colleague leaves door open, so I turn up ringer volume on his phone
Minor Victory Over Former Job
Be the most obnoxious customer of the month? You'll just have to wait
Eat all the bandwidth? No more for you.
Put your damn cart away.
Prank makes me late for work... enjoy your day of suffering with your Man Flu
Be a jerk to my roommate, a classmate with autism, and my gay best friend? Get burned! Part 2
saw this man at JFK airport.  very little exaggeration was necessary.
Won't buy your own games, Fine I will just buy a disc copy.
Claim a public locker for yourself, guess it's mine now.
Craigslist shenanigans
Just revenge.
Bankers revenge.
Don't let a preschooler go to the bathroom? Alright, I'll do my business here!
Please help with my problem with my neighbor
Good luck on your diet!
One of My Few Proud Moments
I called in to work mostly just to prove a point.
Dont mess with my clothes
Wanna be a psycho bitch, get roasted.
Headlights and Hazards: a Traffic Story
Treat me poorly as a customer, I'll treat you poorly as a waitress
Pants are optional. My wrath is not.
Be a drunk ass at a party? Suffer in the morning.
Indian Takeaway Domestic Dispute
Petty revenge for anyone who works in social media
I physically can’t do it but I can go stoneface
Want to leave at the most inconvenient time? Ok!
Just the tip and you're gone!
anything i can do to shut up a cat? but not harm it?
Make fun of my beer choice? Alright essay.
Eat some shit
Waste 5 minutes of my time? I'll watch you waste a few of yours.
The Paper Mache Problem
Don't do your worklist? I'll give you extra work
1 dish
Need help choosing my petty revenge against the neighbourhood kids
Grandma caught in the act
Shitbag ex-gf won't leave my life - commence Operation: Enable
You wanna wear though guys pants? Good luck cleaning them tomorrow.
If you don't knock, prepare to wait.
Fine art
Day care closed early, gets my kids' castoffs
Enjoy some bees in your car!
Reject my advice on decoration? You won't be able to stop thinking about it afterwards.
Want to be Rude? No GF for You.
How my dad and his friends stopped a guy tailgating their van with their full moons
Kid steals my pencil box, I get her in trouble.
Mock me? I won't tell you when the oven is ready
Waste my time when I try to help you? Let me waste some of yours.
All because of a pencil
Ok, let me tell you my story.
I hope the coffe was worth it
What is the story where the girl pays another girl to mow her lawn for 50 dollars and she steals her laptop? I will remove this when answered.
I received a $0.01 closing payment bill from my city for a remodel I did
Sneaky Co tries to replace me, I write brutally honest Glassdoor review
The Petty Mall
Petty revenge on an inconsiderate friend
You want to make me hand over stuff for a visa that weren't mentioned until you said so? Screw the UK visa system!
I get my friend a conduct because he was being annoying.
You feel sorry for me? I feel sorry for you!
Entitled Woman steal pets, well enjoy a nice Flaming pile of crap, literally thats what we did.
Petty revenge
Don't feel like working? I can help you with that!
Have fun trying getting into your car!
You're gonna call me names? I'm gonna ruin you.
Buying every pie in BK to spite shitty parent/child.
Redditgifts petty revenge
If IT emails you asking for your input, YOU ANSWER!
Never bully a writer
Brag to my mom, you’ll regret that.
My brother and I found some toxic players on a Minecraft server bothering new players so we got rid of them.
“Minecraft is for kids”
Use your own glassware
Ex has been giving my number out to losers she meets at bars.
I am the gatekeeper!
Dish skipper screws himself over
Revenge is not so sweet.
Don't want my help with a Pokemon Go project? Okay. Oh, going to abuse your power in a Facebook group? Okay!
My apology to the customer I wronged
Ignore me? You don't get to be a princess.
Jett has left the game
Fancy Christmas dinner for some but not all
It appears I've misplaced the handbrake...
As a barista, I would switch people's orders if they complained about their drinks.
Don’t listen to the sign? Ok.The Irony...
Yes, this is your stop.
Roadkill and Eggs (NSFW)
My husband, the toilet paper monster.
You want the manager? Hahahahaha.
Kick me out? Good luck with avoiding eviction.
I stuck my coworkers straw in my ass when no one was looking
Accidentally removed a lingerer's bookmarks
How much for a small water cup???
"Thank you, ma'am"
Waiting on that long con revenge.
Don't fuck with retail workers.
Princessy flatmate just loved her tea...
Asking for a ride to your Ex’s house? Karma saw that.Think before you act
Old lady revenge
Talk to your friends during the entire lecture? Enjoy finding any of your files, dick.
Caught my fiance cheating- Filled his pockets with Dog Shit.
snitch on me? imma eat your food.
Terrible Parker
Person hacks my Spotify account, so I switch to a really embarrassing song on them
You reported to my boss? Okey fine
Do NOT take the urinal next to me.
Oh, I've got a tip for you alright...
Facebook friend gets some sweet revenge when someone steals his parking spot
Extra foam
Taking advantage of teenagers
Unasked for but appreciated vengeance on my behalf
Landmines
I evicted a bad tenant. It was way worse than I expected.
My Exboyfriend is gonna drive 2 hours to a concert just to not get in
Is this petty?
I locked my inconsiderate roommates out of the internet and phone lines.
Starve me? Shout at me? Refuse to get me my depression meds? Steal and wear my clothes? I'll piss in your hairspray.
Volunteer me for shifts in the middle of a schedule vacation, will you? We'll see.
School Zones
Low baller epidemic
I can play the waiting game too.
I shit on my neighbor's lawn after their dogs kept shitting on mine
Rude Lady on Facebook Market Place ends up selling to me anyways..
When did this sub turn from petty revenge into hardcore revenge?
My landlord let us live in shit so I got her in DEEP shit.
Talk during the concert?
If you're an asshole, I'll make you wait for your Whataburger
(http://www.reddit.com/r/ProRevenge/comments/1iguip/my_neighbors_hate_each_other)
Piss me off, I drive you out Devil
Clean Your Own Goddamn Teeth
Neighbor attempts to make neighborhood shitty after he gets HOA complaints over stupid shit.
online douchery
Stop stealing my assigned parking space.
stealing my shampoo? use nothing instead
Taco restaurant cashier revenge
Two group members do almost all the work the day a project is assigned, the rest of the group has nothing to contribute.
A tragic tale of missed petty revenge
This assholes won't listen to me,my friend has a plan to get revenge....
Co worker revenge
Won’t let us merge? Ok I’ll call you company
maybe made two of my fellow classmates fail a test like thing (i forget what its called) because they were rude (please excuse my bad grammar)
Eat my pizza rolls will you?
Revenge that came unexpected after rude manager wouldn't let me reschedule for an interview.
Not a good idea
Sit on my backpack? Enjoy wet papers.
Relative humiliates me for my foul language, i take it right back at him
3 generations of hate
Dont honk at me for knowing where to go.
Little bitch
Old guy complains about his high sodium then calls me fat
It Started With a Pencil
Egging house for revenge (TO BE CONTINUED)
Help me get revenge on this guy bullying my friend.
Dude stole money from my grandparents, we “decorated” his front door
Okay mom, But I'm getting my time back
Petty revenge: from cat to me.
Use my friend, lose to do your own work
I saw you leave it.
School days
I made my last year of community college a living Hell for the guy who beat me in a student government election
Fire me over a sandwich... Ok then.
Life's a bitch
Kid teased me about my mourning process, so I broke his heart
Don't want to move your tools to make my life easier? Guess you're buying new tools.
Want to show off what a big man you are while taking a vacation with your new gf? She might deflate your ego a bit.
Large Consequences if I do it
Petty revenge on scammer.
Mr. Fix-it
Threefold revenge for a crappy meal.
Getting back at a snitch co worker
"Proper Phone Etiquette" matters...
One order of classic petty revenge.
I got back at my cheating ex by spoiling GoT.
My revenge on a guy who said hi to me lol
The most petty of gay revenge stories
The Egg-cellent Easter Revenge
Oops!
Sorry, that pothole came out of nowhere
Kindness can go a long way
Really petty bus driver revenge
That reminds me
Husband and I commit petty revenge together against impatient douchebag
Call us " f****ts" and we aggressively and publicly egg you car.
Here's some steaming hot karma
Racism! At the International Film Festival
Merry Christmas, dick
A bully is trying to trick his mom into buying him gta 5 and I ruin that for him
Cheaters everywhere
Threaten to fail me? How about 100% in the class instead?
Flicked a massive ass spider onto my downstairs neighbours balcony.
Get angry at me because I won't make endless substitutions and charge you less? I'll just kick you out
Can I fucking finish?
Leave me stranded in a strange city at 1AM? Okay
You can't watch TV tonight!
What kind of a discount can you give me?
Wrong number kept harassing me so I gave him a taste of harassment too
This sub in a nutshell.
Lawyer v. Lawyer Petty Revenge, part 2
Fine, ignore me
Want me to stop eating my favorite fruit? Enjoy cleaning it up.
Shoot my dog, say goodbye to your sleep for years
Absent Minded Roommate
Don't Do Onto Others What Your Bitch Ass Can't Take
Walk on the cycle path?
Beard Trimmer
I felt vindicated
Damn right it's a small town.
You have inspired me r/pettyrevenge
I embarrased a guy who'd been bullying me for years
Intimidate, oppress, and threaten me? Enjoy your dialup internet
Roommate though away bathroom art.
The core
Insist on smoking your cigar in the middle of a giant crowd? Okayyyy
Hello and thank you
I have enough patience for both of us.
Don't want to listen to me? Listen to THIS.
Talk shit about my wife? Might want to know what she looks like.
Don't drop your keys if you're an asshat.
Possibly the smallest most inconsequential petty revenge.
Won't break my $20?
Stealing my ex’s fuel points never gets old
Fly my pretties!
Revenge on a lazy customer
Need help tracking IP address for SWEET REVENGE
Treat me like shit? Pay out 2 weeks of vacation and sick leave.
Oven thief gets burnt
rubber girls
LEts GO see how you feel about shattering my lego's
Saw a creeper staring at a family so I pulled in front of him and stared at him
Park on my lawn you little shit?
Rude Phone Customer has to wait.
Towels Are Rags
Revenge on the tailgater!
I embarrass a false-crediting jerk at my school for being real douchey to me.
Take an old unused WiFi router and change SSID to get revenge on long term problem neighbour or business. Plug in and forever broadcast your statement i.e. "SHAVE_YOUR_BEARD_SUSAN" or "DRUG_GROWHOUSE_IN_APT_34" or "HORSEMEAT_IN_OUR_BURGERS"
Should've let me in
it wont be just one way(sorry for spelling
UPDATE: 14 Years Later, the Perfect Book has been Received
Hog the washers? We'll see about that
Dont pay me enough, I will make money other ways
Empty my dirty clothes and steal my washer? I won't tell you about the Clorox Bleach I put in the dispenser...
Be lazy and rude, and I'll subtly remind you of your fat ass, every single day.
The school mate who stole a bong from my house 9 years ago.
Boss me around? Revenge be mine.
Collection of Petty Revenge experiences (mine and observed) on the road
Buy EXTRA Pulp OJ? Have fun with EXTRA PULP!
What kind of revenge can be enacted with a copy of someones drivers license?
Ruin my public garden, I'll ruin Star Wars for you.
Wake me at 4:30am blasting your music every day? 2 can play at this game.
Coworker Uses Perfume to Take Revenge
Wanna allow your kids to try to ruin my exam? Good luck trying to put up with my noise.
Car behind flashes me for obeying 30km/h speed limit
Can’t be bothered to stand to let me get off the bus? Enjoy a face full of backpack.
Not going to learn how to clean up after yourself? Fine by me!
From One Relationship to Another
My brother thinks it's more effort for him to move his ipod that it is for me to move my PC.
Be rude miss the truck
My Homophobic cousins who act like angles in front of the family but won't anymore
Shoot my dog will you? Too bad your son is on probation
Googly-eyed revenge: Part Deux
I taught a bully to never make fun a new student
Drink the last egg nog? No milk with your cookies.
Be a bitch of my sister my entire life? I'll be a good one.
Tell me again how rock climbing is a "practical" career
You screw me I screw your sister.
Revenge on a bully
Teacher Yells At My Brother. He Gets Her Penalised.
Seats are limited
Try to take up and entire train seat? Guess I'm gonna be your new best friend.
Treating them the way they treat me
Wanna be annoying and an ***, you don’t get to call your mom.
Boss wouldn't let me leave early... I showed him the wrath of old man winter...
I asked some1 to spoil endgame for me so i could spoil it for some1 else
Non responsive to my emails? Enjoy working in your afternoon off!
Oh, so you're in a rush? Have being late for your movie.
To all the people who cut me off in rush-hour traffic
Park in front of my house at your own peril...
Locked the landlord out of my old crappy apartment
Another Dorm Revenge
It's a bus lady, you oughta let me sit down
So you believe that you know more about my job than me?
How can I get back at a customer service agent that was a prick over the phone and somehow is able to get away with it? I have his extension number
The Pettiest of Revenge
You mess with my car, I mess with your computer
Destroying kids gpa because I was tired of his bs
Fateful FIFA
Try to throw us under the bus for your mistake? We’ll see you in court
Pot Head Roommate
You want your food for free? Okay, just wait here "for a little moment"
Just A File... Right?
The case of the missing pens
Just now: parenting assistance via shame
Kid who makes fun of friends teeth gets humiliated in P.E.
Got this Psycho Evicted
Be careful who you treat like shit...
The Coffee Creamer Thief
The allergy...
What am I supposed to do with these!?
Bus driver got angry at cars that were making way for an ambulance due to being delayed by a few seconds.
what is the difference between /r/pettyrevenge and /r/regularrevenge
How to make half a class fail an essay
Next time you try to shoplift and run, don't forget your bike.
Oh, it's locked? I'll call maintenance.
Threaten my dog? I'll train her where to go.
The delivery man didn't come to my door, instead calling from the front of the building.
Actually, I can make change.
Yet another tailgater justice story
Time Zones...
More revenge against the biggest douchebag I have ever met.
Petty revenge on a high school bully jock
Harrass me at work for over 3 years? Okay.
This dude deserves it
"Racist Lives Here"
My husband best know who he's married to! *snaps fingers*
Petty man dumps rubbish
I have gotten so sick of how loud my roomates fuck that I made them a playlist that I blast on my speakers whenever I hear them
Unfair to your students? Enjoy a whole class against you
Have fun with your free copy of the worst game ever, dude
If you're in a band and you hire a lighting company to do one of your shows, don't say you spent all your money on beer and can't pay for lighting right before you go on.
Reckless drivers cuts me off and tries to cut me off a second time.
CB hurt my family time for revenge
To Fool a Mockingbird
Supervisor angered me, so I pissed on his floor
Horrible neighbor revenge
No bun for me, no seat for you
got an ICY backpack
Revenge Against the Holier-Than-Thou Roommate from Hell
Ticket my work truck, how about no service for a week.
I am an always a funny and smilling person.I am here because i love to play to touch my body to make myself cum
Try to strongarm me into selling you it for your low offer? Enjoy the road trip.
Favorite pot
Bill me later
Be a dick the whole cab ride. I'll show you cabbie
Refusing to talk
Annoyed by neighbor, got sweet petty revenge
Demand something ridiculous? Let me waste a little of your time.
I ate the whole bar of chocolate
A fan type of revenge
Racist Admin
Burn my stuff? Delete your stuff.
A Story from my First Year in University Halls
I own your company.
Ignore me while I service your call? Enjoy your wait!
Petty snack revenge on dog
Gaming Justice in ARK
How I ruined someones career and then added insult to injury with a petty revenge
High School english teacher gave me political grief, got rekt by final book report
Won't listen to Hooman? I'll make you listen.
25 years go, my mom got petty revenge on our unhygienic neighbor
A chip on his shoulder, revenge in the bag
You don't care about other patients? Well the other patients don't care about you!
Revenge on a JO manager...
Mom diagnosed with advanced cancer, Boss tells me to suck it up
Keep your pregnancy a secret? I don’t think so!
Bitch
Stop with the G** DAMN HORN
Steal the parking spot I was waiting for? Thats fine, honey.
chase me with a stick and threaten me get a rock in the face
no dollar for you.
Stepkids act spoiled, I take my revenge.
Let people take breaks when they need it
Unintentional Bronchitis
Found out my girlfriend smokes today
Oh Snap!
Hypochondriac time to shine! Biological weapons
Petty? This fits the bill
"What's the password to HBO?" "Try, 'HB-Not for you, bitch.'"
Revenge for the Horseshoe II . . .
My local tattoo artist getting bashed for a crappy tottoo on Facebook. Does this qualify for PettyRevenge?
Caught my bf(32) on grindr cheating on me(27) while hes interstate for work.
Made My Stepsister Break Up With Her Boyfriend Because He Liked My Art
Get mad for playing on the pc when you're NOT playing? Well, I guess none of us can play now BrOtHeR.
I was approaching a stoplight when I saw a bag of trash tossed out of the car in front of me. I gave it back.
Short and sweet revenge on a loud obnoxious co-worker
The pettiest thing I've ever done
Trash talk my girlfriend? Good luck with those vomit stains on your carpet, asshole.
Oh, you don't want me in your teams? Very well
Don’t steal a mom’s parking spot
Call me names and say that I slept with you? How about I destroy your reputation and possibly affect your chances to get into college
Treat me like a thief in my own home? Enjoy having nothing to eat with.
FedEx employee allergic to the 3rd floor
Enjoy your "tacos"
You can't park across my driveway!
Damn right it stopped.
My Second Grade Revenge
Please, don't make me come back out here.
Another user was a complete dick so I went out of my way (pics)
Because you can't do it yourself.
Yeah, I’ll make you a sandwich.
Screw my dnd character? Enjoy that new system name
Drunken bitch? I'll ruin the ending.
Ruin Christmas? Now your hand smells like ass.
Petty spoilers
i got my general manger fired?
Gave justice to an asshole Megabus driver.
Petty revenge backfire
Hanging on the lineHe wanted to cut through our yard, so I made him walk through some "Mud"
Am I being too petty?
Bad manager delayed my final pay by two weeks and ended up paying quadruple the amount and getting in trouble.
Dealing with people that drive too close ..
You left your card after not tipping? You can come get it from me when you realize
Swipe me, get your spine swiped. Almost.
Friend Cheated so someone gave him the old tell the teacher
Guy wouldn't give up extra chair for elderly customer(NSFW)
I deafened my BIL whenever we were driving anywhere
testin
Should I mess with the WhatsApp messages of my ex (29m) who destroyed me to show his new friends what an asshole he is?
Drink my coke enjoy bathroom problems
Getting back at my ex and his gf
Smug fast casual employees get their dues
Enjoy your new friend
Use my dryer time, get surprise laundry additive.
What happens when my manager does things, just cause she can...
My mom threw out my medication so I watered her plants with rubbing alcohol.
One thing after another
Everything I eat is spicy. You have (not) been warned.
She was old and shrewd, so I ruined her picnic.
Wanna drive like a dickhead? Look like a moron
Fuckin' Amazon, man...
Keep In Mind... This was First Grade
Housemates steal my rum. They regret it.
Tossed Off a Streetcar. I love my dad.
My ex got me pregnant, made me get an abortion, flirted with a pregnant girl in my face, so I got him kicked out of highschool
I know how my debit card works, I own it.
Yeah I'm petty
My manager wanted me to shave my beard‏
I had to walk an extra 50 feet in the cold thanks to some asshole at my university
I'm an awful, awful human being.
Mark gets served a shit sandwich
Stick your hairy arm in my face; enjoy your videos
Good clean revenge
Ice cream fatty
Girl steals my plane seat and tries to play dumb.
Adios, you're on your own.
My mom is so petty she got revenge against a 10 year old kid
No, you can't sit here. But she can..
I'm sure your penis is very impressive, dear. Enjoy my bag knocking you.
got bullied got angry got expelled
Close Friend of Three Years Backstabs Me and Her Ex, We Clap Back With Proof Of What She Did To Us To All Our Mutual Friends And They Stop Talking To Her
Lady thinks I am homeless, I show her!
I can't cheat with you? Enjoy your lower grades
Put your money in my hand like I'm a human being and not just a cash register!
Accidental retail revenge
Bitch of a roommate gets what she deserves
Today at Walgreens, I put a nasty mombie in her place (repost from r/childree)
Blowing bitches mind
I'm a valet and this guy just got on my last nerve
what’s the best way to get back at ur girlfriends sister?
Seemingly nice guy was actually a jerk.
Just saw my ex last week at JFK
Annoying kid gets locked outside
Creepy Old Men and Ground Hog Biscuits
Revenge can be had by one simple report
Here, want some candy?
Sisterly revenge
"You're doing calculus wrong."
Hog the garage so that my car gets left outside and buried by first snow of the year? Enjoy the icy mist down your back, sweetie!
If you serve bad food, this is what you get!
Mitt's facebook page is averaging -4 likes per refresh. Click to watch one man's relevance diminish in realtime.
You cut me in line, I make it impossible to order!
Roommate was stealing my marked leftovers.
Flatulence
Grandma eats my food and i do it back
You Can't fix stupid
If someone rides your ass while driving
Leave dogpoo on the stairs? Enjoy your dogpoo welcome mat.
So, you're at a sporting event and you think you're going to steal all of the beach balls being bounced around the crowd?
No you are not losing your mind!
Chores ARE really dumb...
Ungrateful for making dinner? Loose the game.
Stopping the asshole who constantly takes an offroad shortcut.
Guilt me about listening to your music? I'll sit on the cords!
Have a nice trip back up
Customers Didn't Want to Pay for Freelance Work, So I Held Their YouTube Channel Hostage
Trash our road? Well, I'll help you trash your own car.
Petty F1 revenge
Golf Bro got what he deserved
Enjoy your sleep
My GF encounters an actual real Karen
You keep farting around me? I'll make sure all of you indulge in a singular fart.
The kids next door had a 'party' last night.
Use me for answers &amp; be rude to me and I’ll fail you.
Leave your underwear in the bathroom prepare to brush your teeth with them.
Are you gonna bark all day little doggie?
My ex's underage friend on her bday
Stop talking so fast
I'm upset with my team today.
They’re Wearing a Different Swimsuit
Joke about where i am from, the joke backfired.
Over-reaching bitch
Wasted a rude lady’s lunch break
Didn't want to listen in my class. I'll make sure I don't help you in the slightest.
Check this out
Revenge of the Vacuum Cleaner Salesman
/r/pettyrevenge I need a few prank ideas for a friend.
Ruined a girls date, probably broke them up.
Hiss at me? Enjoy spending an extra $20.
Don't cheat on me, dude
No matching shampoo &amp; conditioner, I can fix that!
Don't let the petty hit you on the ass..
Don’t steal things from people
Do my job? To the letter.
Petty playing card revenge
don't bitch at my dogs for doing what dogs do
She called me a Pedophile, I havent seen her since.
Friend's Ex needed a little lesson, by a catfish.
netflix? no chill.
Extremely petty WiFi management
My Dad Tricks a Classmate into Embarrassing Himself in Front of the Whole Class
He treats me like shit, I take his Reddit account
Enjoy pink eye, bitch.
Nerdy guy in college was a dick to me. I ruined his favorite pokemon.
Can't wait to out your groceries on the conveyer?
Want to make fun of my religion? Have fun trying to figure out what the hell is wrong with your computers.
Revenge on the Lunch Lady
Oh you’re going to pimp me out ? Lol ok enjoy being unemployed.
My brother is next level and got revenge for both of us.
Use my sugar and lie? Enjoy your soapy oatmeal!
A Tale in Which I Brought Communism to the United States
Cut me off and almost crash into me? Fine I'll get you stuck behind 5 semi trucks and speeding ticket!
Parking Encroacher Dealt With Organically!
Take my iPhone without permission? No more Guild Wars for you.
Don't mess with the ink master or there she blows!
IT is like food service, be polite to us or you'll regret it fast...
Are you going to talk loudly on the phone in the library during finals, well be prepared to be shamed for it.
Revenge towards my ex
Oh fuck no, I'm not taking that shit.
My cyber hacking revenge
Screw my neighbor? Thank you for my comfort.
Steal my cordial, will you?
Won't pay your bills? Enjoy paying for Netflix.
Cut in front of me at the bar?
Lovely revenge
Don't be rude to people who you expect help from :)
Keep your used masks to yourself!
Oh, you don't like my attitude?
You really want those nice OLD cupcakes?
Be an insufferable bastard to my friend? Be terrorised at night by fetishists.
Request: how to deal with annoying neighbor
Highschool kids sells my boyfriend a broken game controller, so I locate the kid’s mom on Facebook to let her know of her son’s ‘side hustle.’
How we got our cat
My class basically left me out as dead
Don't follow my rules? Enjoy your temporary insanity.
Not enough room for you, bro.
Simple little driving revenge
Small road rage incident...
Laundry hours, police officers and the cleanest shoes you could imagine
An open and shut case
Cashier revenge
Give me the cold shoulder? No prob, I’ll just replace everything you have with yogurt and mushrooms.
Don't share with me and i won't share with you
Captain takes his coffee with piss.
I have absolutely nothing better to do than make sure you continue to get towed
Mild inconvenience
Be a jerk and brake check me? Have fun being blind.
Mom defends me when bullied (revenge for mom)
Karen tries to jump the queue, gets to wait as last client instead.
Stupid Salesman's Complaining Backfired
The tale of the flinging pet poo.
“Friend” keeps using me. I’ll let you fail.
Pee frisbee
Breakroom shenanigans.
Want to sit by the window seat? Okay.
Disrespect me, get what is coming....
Don't be rude to the train conductor
Sorry, Hershey's, but this customer must learn.
Predatory spam job offers? I will give you and your office the pleasure of shock porn.
Revenge against boyfriend
Since the beginning of civilization men have ruled. It is time to Elect More Women. They are caring, social and nonviolent. Great qualities for politicians. More women in political office will be revenge. You decide if it is petty.
Petty Cash Revenge
Is this "karma's a bitch plan" too mean?
You thought you could sit at the aisle and not stand up to let people by?
He ate my full sized Halloween chocolate bar
Entitled kid thinks he's the leader in dnd
“The irony of condescension is that it’s an unintelligent way of expressing one’s ‘superiority’”.. that’s all.
Ruin my time? You'll regret that
I hereby sentence you to a week of being slightly disappointed with prospect of eating quiche.
Wanna play chicken?
Don't park in front of someone's garage! lol
Justice for a cheating girlfriend
Tevenge upon entitled classmate
Slow down internet for messy roommates?
Best 500 I’ve ever spent!
Act rude to me for no reason? Enjoy getting your phone confiscated. (Repost due to title error)
I'm Slowly Hording My Mum's Kitchen Utensils.
Would you like some water with that?
Shitty friend gets what she deserves
Petty Revenge against the cleaning lady at work
There is an askreddit thread of pettiness if you need an extra shot of revenge stories today!
Vice principal treats high school students like toddlers so I stole her white out.
Annoying neighbour woke me up again. So I woke her up in return
Really? Steal *my* office? Okay, dothead....
The cat's revenge.
Cant send a bill reminder via email you pay then.
The best revenge is living well!
Work didn't let me have a break so I stole 3 pairs of socks as compensation
Make me print a 30 page syllabus? No tech help for you!
Wait Until Midnight the Night Before to Tell Me to Do Your Part of the Presentation? Not Happening.
Harmless revenge on an a-hole ex boyfriend.
Are you physic
What is the best/simple way to get back at someone just by using their cell phone # anonymously?
We break up he thought I cheated on him. I tell office there’s drugs in apartment.
Almost blew my roommates nose off!
He cheated on his girlfriend for years, I just posted the video
Please Yell
Neck me and yell at me? Not today.
Typo you so hard
Don't mind this...
So there was this asshole in my 5 grade class.
Taking screenshots of my finsta? Think twice
Help me get revenge for a girl who drove my best friend to attempt suicide by buying and charging her for a shitload of flowers... only if you have a VPN and it cannot be traced
mom gets fired unfairly, takes fancy pancake mix
"I am very smart" girl fails first test of the semester.
The day I "won" the Lottery...
Make Me Miss the Start of My Shift
Sunburnt guy gets extremely petty revenge....
EP surprised me
UNO reversed a Karen
TLDR: Roommate steals my toothpaste so I spike it
Friend with Benefit gets some pretty revenge
Collectible scammer no collects bad reviews. (x-post /r/ProRevenge)
Sometimes, revenge presents itself at the most unexpected times.
Oh, you didn't hear me page you?
Revenge against dumb kids driving intentionally slow
Ride my ass to not let people merge? We’ll see about that.
Arrogant boss loses the one person in the office who can get shit done
Backwords
A guy insulted his teammate, who then helped my team win.
Old lady goes off on me for trying to get to know her on Thanksgiving. I made sure my revenge was in clear view.
'Tasteless' revenge story about the time my family forbade me from snacking
Train your fence
petty revenge idea
guy snorts snot during a test which I did poorly on. Made him smell my farts.
Go ahead, keep honking.
You want cake? FINE
Park like an ass? I got you a ticket
Inconsiderate coworker hogs the only john on the floor for way too long, I engage in psychological warfare until he stops.
That should teach you from picking.
Picture without my permission?
Oh you're gonna abuse you're only form of transportation? Okay say bye to being able to get to work.
The Family Feud Right Outta History.
Don't mess with my mom
Got Divorced - "I don't want the QDRO"
Lazy and Disgusting
Petty revenge on petty employer
Oops, are those sheets too hot?
High school is run like a military compound? I'll subtly destabilize it
Married guy sent me death threats so I am exposing his secret gay porn stash
Yes, actually...I DO mind.
Evil drive-through woman
Don't double-park in my driveway.
Don't fuck with my build-a-blocks: A 7-year old's tale of revenge
Girl makes fun of someone for having braces..then gets them herself
Revenge on opossum killing teacher.
Wanna leave work early? Dont lie about it.
My "best friend" slept with the guy I was dating.
Poo under the bed
Cut off by sweary motorist who forgot his things on the roof of his car. (x-post /r/roadcam)
Roommate learns the hard way to stop eating our food.
Canine Style Revenge
Soundgarden concert revenge
I am a Ship Agent ! I'll quit this job and any other job that I do not work for!
Boss cuts my hours in half
Accuse me of laziness? Sport some EKG "nipples" on your back.
Not your cookies, Coach
I Ruin the Communal Jacuzzi After Roommates Get Mad at Me for Enforcing Their Rules about Sex in It
You want me to return it in a box? I'll give you a box.
Make my living space mildly inconvenient? Enjoy your lukewarm water.
Revenge is a dish bets served cold
I gave my sis a bad birthday gift because of her 50 dollar minimum
Repost original posted by u/rustycrap
The best 3 bucks i've ever got
I got revenge on my 4th grade teacher.
Have fun with your broken juul!
Never ruin one's plans to do nothing.
Nothing for you, then.
The Books of Wrath
The spirt of vengeance feasts.... upon some d-bag High Schoolers during a game of COD Black Ops.
Quick-thinking parking pettiness
Screw You... Or Not
Mom's revenge
any cat whistles that work?
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes
Pull a sickie when we're short-staffed...if you're too sick to work you're too sick to play games.
That little extra mile.
I fought my sister ( idk if this will be taken down but if it is i totally understand)
Not exactly revenge, but very petty
Fake Uber driver gets a present
I stole a puzzle piece from a tenant (x-post from r/confession)
Don't mess with the pregnant lady.
Granny's request puts tech in place
You think I'm your butler? Have fun sleeping in the hall.
How an entire factory backed a petty revenge.
Don't want to listen to me? Enjoy not getting any work done today.
Guy lied to me about his name, age and marital status. 1 1/2 year revenge in the making.
Don't tell me owner wants to sell unit, I won't acknowledge your question.
(http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3445555/Irate-homeowner-fed-cheeky-commuters-parking-driveway-blocks-car-TWO-DAYS-tonne-gravel.html?ITO=1490&amp;ns_mchannel=rss&amp;ns_campaign=1490&amp;utm_source=fark&amp;utm_medium=website&amp;utm_content=link)
A Slow Game Of Chicken
Cheating ex. Real revenge?
Yell at me for something I didn't do will ya?
My city golf course dress code.
Terrible roommates don't deserve to play with my cat
Bully 5th grader gets destroyed with words.
I return a girl’s wallet and she thanks me buy pouring my slushee on me
Don't want to clean the kitchen? Fine, clean your stairs instead.
All you had to do was say please
Invite your girlfriend over after being told not to because of CoVid regulations? Enjoy air for dinner.
Never Cheat :)
Karma hit hard. Thanks Karma
Kid I was babysitting was being rude, I switched off the internet while he was in a game he couldn't immediately save
lie when others are around to save face? enjoy paying me more money
No recruiting chitchat for you, Rudey Ruderson
A lazy professor is delaying my process of transferring because she still isn’t done with grades, and I’m going to fight back.
Roommate Throws Away My Food
Act like a jerk? Enjoy your stupid vegetables then.
Try to destroy my presentation? You better be ready for yours.
You’ll think again before stealing someone’s parking spot.
Drive-by insulter gets a crude penis drawn on his car. Photo included.
Canada day
Have fun waiting for your cab.
Leaving a shopping cart out in the road? Will that be cash or credit.
Need revenge ideas for my psycho roommate
Crazy cleaning lady
Think I am a joke! Well the jokes on you!
Should I kill one of my housemate's plants?
Send me addressed ad-mail? I'll send you an envelope full of scrap paper.
Black feminist gets owned with facts after telling me to “check my privileges”
last laugh
Petty Revenge on 3 EKs for throwing rocks at me
Here’s your “Decaf non-fat” Vanilla Latte
If you mess with my laundry, I'll mess with yours
My shorts are weird??? Better go change them!
There ain't no such thing as a free candy bar.
Not gonna let you know you aren't actually backing up your stuff
Don’t mess with my sister
Steal My Bracelet? I'll Steal Your Pencil!
He nearly got me injured I got him fired
Road Rage Revenge.
No birth control no problem.
Hot-keys
My class bully
Grandma wanted to clean my desk, so I made sure she had something to clean.
Tailgate me on the highway? You ain’t getting past shit
Eye for a eye Rock for a rock
I am your cashier, not your personal butler.
Leaving one job for another
A tale from the Company Meeting...
my boyfriend is petty
Revenge on a girl in Kindergarten who made fun of my drawings
Throw out your food next time!
Petty pranks for my roommate
If you don't let the pregnant lady sit at the subwayKid gets my seat removed, so I slow him down a bit.
Truly petty revenge this morning during my commute using public transportation.
I left my cheating ex on the top of a mountain
Totally fucked with my roommate's mind to teach him a simple lessonHigh school revenge and Karma's seal of approval.
Petty revenge on careless driver
I'm proud of this one
Soak the floor? Your towel is my new bath rug
Be a bullying bitch? Lose your holidays.
Polar vortex
Asshole co-worker needed to be taught a lesson
Annoy the staff? Wait 30 minutes...
Vegetarian, environmentalist girl dumps me; I become an eco-villain
Have fun with your watered down hot chocolate.
Enjoy your last day of work, you blue waffle
Heard this one from my interior design teacher
Pokemon Gone
Enjoy that morning breeze
Don’t get shitty with me
revenge on obnoxious drunk neighbors
How I destroyed one guy's game:
You turn off my light? Turn tables bitch
Oops, missed a spot
If I can't sleep, then neither will you....
Why are you getting surprised, tosser?
My grandma was a badass
The toilet roll of karma.
Bitch about me taking a large washer? Let me make that worse for you.
Oh dear, no blue roll again?
You know you can find porn on the internet for free, right?
Putting my Neighbor Between a Rock and a Hardplace
"Smear my team? I'll piss on your poster." Piss on our poster? Make it again, why don't you.
Be a dick throughout High School to me? Have fun getting your warranty claim denied!
A number
Kill my cat? enjoy saving the environment
You tree looks smaller..
Don’t help and treat me poorly? Enjoy not having TV.
Enjoy your draughty bus!
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned...
Take THAT, HR!
Teacher shouts at me for going to my brother's funeral, I swap her pens for permanent markers.
You my son, get everything and for you? The clock is ticking
Hard to see, hard to see
Update: I love you mom, but this means war
You roast me? I ruin your life
Ex gf cheated and got pregnant. For revenge, I pretended to along with it until it was too late for abortion then left
Revenge on a shady Pawn Shop
Bartender revenge
Letting the police sort it out.
Revenge on an Ass who uses you for Sex
Left out an important detail...
I am a nerd I suppose.
Ok sir, if you say so, it's your hat.
You can complain about the noise, but you don't mess with my cup of tea...
Car Wash Asshole
Me and my best friend would mess with his older sisters, boy did they get me back.
People Kept Stealing My Coffee Creamer From The Fridge At Work.
Block my car door? Enjoy cleaning up.
Customer wanted a discount when it was already on sale; I fought back, ninja-style.
Petty revenge at it's finest; high school edition
Bone-breaker is exposed in front of like 50 ppl
Be rude to my coworker? Enjoy your meals.
Make your mess in my sink enjoy it all back and more
The dean thought I served my usefulness and replaced me; Universe had other ideas.
Pair presentation goes horribly wrong, but not for me...
Pick up your own bucket
Don't want a warm home? Pay for a cold home.
A cat strikes back
I got it bad from one of my roommates...
"Taint"ed cheques
Honk at me as soon as the light changes? Enjoy waiting another 5 minutes!
Devil child petty revenge
Throw your rubbish over the fence? No renewed rental agreement for you...
Don't tease me via SMS.
Take your nasty used condoms with you.
What, you don't lift dick for a living?
Talk so loud I can't hear my DVD with headphones? Hillbilly Christian Bluegrass for you!
Parting and waking everyone up from my neighborhood, well then take my pretty revenge
A little Roommate Revenge
MADE WITH LOVE (NOT REALLY)
Wal-Mart Parking Revenge

Wont move your patrol car to let the ambulance out, ill let your sergeant deal with you
About a random commenter saying OP
Soccer team mildly inconveniences me; I make them pay with their blood sweat and tears.
Ex was put back in his place
Well, I did it again, I made some asshole super fabulous
Won't reduce my fees, I am not giving you free money
Posting here from r/prorevenge as it wasn’t mean enough. (Long) Cocky best mate gets taught a lesson when it comes to boasting on a date...
Not a 'filthy casual skier' now, am I?
Uh, what does 'Fair' mean?
Short and sweet IT
Our sub treated us badly. Things got interesting
Rude to me? Fine you can wait for your new PC
Sick of my lazy roommate thinking what little he contributes is sooo great
Have fun being locked out
The sign said credit minimum only
Making entitled kids stop with baby
x-post from /r/wtf - Have you ever been so mad that you rammed your desk into another person's head?
20,000 Penny Payback
My sister said I couldn’t use the wii.. so I took away her games
Deface currency to spread your political views? I'll waste minutes of your time.
RF interference is a bitch
I got revenge on the girl who bullied me for nearly a decade
Hog the computers? Enjoy shitty bagpipes!
I love my step-mom
Giant plant, need to go
Talk shit, get hot cocoa?
Redditor farts in front of 120 students, successfully blames it on bully
No juice for you
Try and force me out of my spot? Lose yours
You deserve what you get for lying.
Try to get me to support your bigotry? Here's the stupidest receptionist we have on tap.
Girl said no to dating my friend so we made this revenge video:
It's the small wins
Excuse me, I thought I'm here to do work
Retail petty revenge on fat bitch
Dump your car in one of the best spots in the garage long-term? Take this passive aggressive note, then!Axe body spray.
Sorry, do I know you?
Guy was harassing me so I told his mom. (UPDATE FROM AITA: WIBTA if I sent screenshots to the mother of a guy that’s been harassing me?)
The pettiest fast-food revenge.
Housemate made our lives hell, so I hid the tv remote
I Dined And Dashed To Leave My Entitled Mother To Pay The Bill
You spoiled my movie? I will spoil the next one for you! (no spoiler here)
Never replace anything in the house?
Have a lovely morning
Hi guys I didn’t now where else to post this my friend is a douche can everyone join this discord and post random shit to fuck with him... I don’t care what you post or say just join and ruin his life. https://discord.gg/NPGFSbR
The gas board took Dad to court
Mess with me... I'll cut holes in your clothes
President abandons city after they didn’t want a jail in the middle of a residential area.
Snowman's vengeance.
You want to shower before me? I’ll make sure to take my time .
Always beware of the people who manage your phones.
No revenge yet, but I've got a juicy revenge story coming up.
Make sexist assumptions, don't get a job.
"Welcome to the biggest party of the year! Oh, and you're on trash duty."
Stop blasting your bass
Trucker thinks they own the road, I make them wait for the light to change.
Squatter steals 2 mops, ruining the second one, at which point mom gets even.
Call me a racist?
Subway? More like Sub-wait
Want to ignore your dad for 15 years? Ok... I'll call you out silently.
My friend published a book just to get back at his ex-girlfriend.
Want me to use the crosswalk? Sure, but you'll have to wait while I cross over to it.
My dad took my pipe away from me (I'm 18) and so I moved the bookmark in his book up ten pages.
Revenge at snarky comment at gym
EM’s smirk doesn’t last long.
She tried making me look bad
Very Petty
Ek wants to report me for harrasment on a game
Girl threatens to have her millionaire/billionaire Dad sue me so I scared the shit out of her
The Star Wars Spoiler. (NO ACTUAL SPOILERS)
stop blocking the aisles
Enjoy bullying my little sister? Enjoy being taunted and avoided at school!
ELEVATOR: You want to waste my time? I'll waste yours.
I exposed a classmate for watching addult content.
I Shouldn't Be Wearing My Clan Uniform if I Can't Fight Back? Kay.
Guy Told my supervisor I did drugs when I didn't and got him fired!
"Back stabbing liars."
Throw a fit at the check out line? You'll only embarass yourself.
My FWB ate all my Greek yoghurt
Aggressive and rude drivers!
Petty attitude causes a petty break up
I send furry scat porn to people trying to scam me.
Enter sacred burial site? Yeah, you're proobably cursed.
Why you don't hide condoms in my room or throw them at me.
Revenge on my dog
Harass my mom? Okay, enjoy getting yelled at by your pimp daddy's father.
Hack my google account. Ok then
Try to get my special pass taken away, get jizz on your head NSFW
I kicked my gf out
Just because its up, doesn't mean it will stay that way. Pay me.
Yogurt boi
I studied.
I Take Nasty Poops at Work So my high school bully has to clean them up. (Original Post on r/confessions)
Want to be a loud annoying asshole at the airport? It's ok, I'll be "sweet" to you.
stepsister problem
An assistant nurse tries to tell me i am a glorified waitress
Working in a grocery store some people just deserve it.
Me, my brother and pee
If you ever need to drop a toxic person out of your life, always do this first!
Dont use your cell phone at the urinal
Fuck Mason the Pizza Guy.
Why You Should Stop Before You Should Start
Geriatric refuses to accept he’s damaged my car, despite photographic proof!
"Payback" - a tale of telemarketer revenge
Cut in line in front of me, and be inconvenienced!
I do this to angry drivers alot
Hide my textbook? Wouldnt it be a pity if you got an F because of it?
You're sick if my "attitude" have fun opening your Christmas present.
Awesome Grandpa
Talk and Stomp Loudly above me every day? Let me use what you say to my advantage
Tired of walking?
So I locked the windows.
In a hurry, enjoy waiting.
eh...
So Toetally Fed Up
Now everyone can smell your attitude
Can't wait your turn to go? Have fun being late
PSA: The revenge isn't always the petty part, the person enacting the revenge is petty sometimes as well.
That's what you get for you snide ass jokes.
You were talking loud and rude next to this guy at a restaurant? It's gonna cost you!
Family Petty Revenge
You want to yell at me for being early? Fine, you’ll just wait an extra 2 weeks now!
You'd like to pet my dog?
Made You Walk
New to the sub, hence why I'm only sharing this story now
Supermarket Cashier Struggles
My cat is a petty asshole that peed in a shoe.
Satisfaction behind an ATM
Here's your pickup
taking out my laundry because you can't wait your turn? enjoy touching my soiled gym clothes.
You like your rules? Fine, we can play by the rules. All of them.
Try to get me demoted? Enjoy getting locked out.
Badgered into making Christmas treats in January and I still managed to make them with love
Sister makes our mom cry - has to use laundromat from then on
Got hit by a car, destroyed her iPhone.
Treats employee like crap, unknowingly goes against their own religion.
Triggered a panic attack in a creepy stalker.
Dupe my wife and I out of money? I hope it was worth it after this...
Church roofers parking
No revenge for you Mr Manager.
After every petty argument I have with my brother
Not sure if he'll realize the reason, or just think I'm stupid, but I cackled at my own deviousness.
Washing dilemma...
Make me work while ill I give you “super aids”
Kids rearrange vacationing couples house
Entitled racist mother in law (spoiler) tries to bribe son to dump me
I attack an ally and make him think he's going crazy
your whole family is gonna be rude because my restaurant is busy? have fun getting a lock smith
Unnecessarily loud in the break room? Two can play at that game.
He trash talked my girlfriend so I trashed his car
Hey, I told you it's a smoke-free campus
Neverwinter (told to post here)
You try to get me fired? Well ok fuck you, I'll get you fired instead
Suck it, rude Eagles fan!
Clean room revenge.
My dad gets wholesome “revenge” on the girls who “insulted” me
Cyberevenge (x-post /r/creepyPMs)
Tastes so sweet
I don't know what happened to your pokemon save file.
My fiancée cheated on and broke up with me on valentine's day
My take on the noisy neighbor
Cooler thief, gets shitty
Crowd me at a haunted house, will you?
Petty revenge idea, let me know if this is a bad idea or not?
I report every ad I see on Facebook to hopefully throw a wrench in their system
Enjoy scraping off the burnt part, line-cutter
The time my cat got revenge
Shower revenge on some pesky neighbors
Drive fast on my street neighbor, enjoy my dogs surprise.
Guy blows me off on Craigslist, so I give him a taste of his own medicine
put down my art? okay, i’ll make sure you pay for a new tablet that you didn’t want me to get.
Pencils galore
That Will Teach You A Lesson
When I Get an Insulting or Incredibly Ignorant Reply, I Go Downvote All of That Person's Posts.
Can’t move? Get wet!
Lady messes up my hair, gets revenge on stepmother years later
Newspaper revenge. (Found on r/funny)
Quit on the day of my promotion
Bully me in school? I'll get you in trouble for graffiti.
Talk shit about me, while I can hear you, *as your manager,* I'll take your cookies!
Enjoy your ant fridge!
I saw the light
Be a douche to your coworkers and they will (temporarily) sabotage your work
Maybe I'm sick, maybe I'm not.
MIL is a hoarder
The mildly inconveniencing fury of the kitchen porter
Got revenge on bullies in school
ENJOY YOU KITTY LITTER SHOWER KAREN!
Complain about an imaginary vibration? Enjoy your noise.
Should have listened to the airline employee...
Well this happened a long time ago
You finish the pot, you make the next one.
Move my stuff for your own? what?
Hope you like your slurpee.
I'm not a fan of smoking
My school mates are evil
Threaten me in my home? I will block you and make you park on the street.Have fun being locked out a-hole
Start the New Year Out Wrong
Guy I know irl destroys me and my friends minecraft base... I get my revenge
Her car paid the price
Sign My Mate Up for Spam
Don't harrumph and try to take my space.
Petty revenge on my bad neighbors
The definition of petty revenge as a hostess.
All my friends spent their whole lives mocking my voice mail because of my child voice. I changed it perpectually to "I Lost the Game"
Person never tips their delivery driver but is found with weed one time...
Radio Station revenge
Beat me up and try to steal my friend's phone? Nah.
Very petty revenge at the gymFast Food Revenge
Getting Revenge on A Racist Brat on Haloween
Taunt me on clash royale, get kicked from your clan.
Woman "chat cuts" in hot dog line, gets served.
Askreddit perma-banned me so I created a new username.
Ride my ass, enjoy a flat tyre
Slappin tha bass
Steal my gum? Suffer for your sins!
No movies for you tonight...
Wasn't supposed to be free, but it ended up that way!
Neighbor had my car towed for nothing. I need some petty revenge
Checking emails is important...
I steal my brother's weed all the time cos he's a lazy filthy piece of shit slob.
Call me a b*tch in earshot? You ain't getting this then!
Petty revenge victim
Steal my dads hard-earned reward? Karma's a bitch
The time someone couldn't wait 5 minutes, so I made them wait an hour.
give me a rock as a phone enjoy losing the payment and being followed by email spammers for the rest of your life
Cut me in line after waiting? Welcome to your nightmare.
Nukes for a bully
Patronize me and belittle my manhood in front of at least 7 people? Prepare to have the rest of your day ruined.
"Why isn't my computer working?!"
You need those keys to drive your boat?
If you force yourself and your baby carriage onto the lift without letting me off first...
Removed the seat off some jackass's bike
Shove my fiancee while in line at the RMV? Enjoy waiting an extra several minutes
Josh
I've been watering down or drinking my parents' alcohol so they can't have it
Harassed in park
Friend gets annoyed by kid at school, basicly breaks his brain
Simple and effective response to bosses' advice
My wife was asking for it
Dog Collar
Delete my stuff? Enjoy extra emails!
Don’t want to listen? Have it your way.
Kick my dog? Enjoy walking the extra distanceCashier had my back
Get your own fucking water!
I know it's trashy, but......
Boss was a jerk, ends up getting arrested.
You're going to fuck with the store's Cart Pusher? You're going to have to wait for me to finish some impromptu tasks then.
Ignore parking rules then try to complain about me? Nope.
My "Get rekt" moment
Very Slight Noisy Neighbor Revenge
Getting my OB kicked out of a ROBUX tournament
Downvote me for no reason? Have fun losing a third of your karma
Enjoy your usually high postage bill
Talk shit about me and my OCD diagnosis behind my back? Thanks for your hot sauce.
Rude people get change.
Yes, I have the power to make you suck even worse at golf.
Roommate ate my Hot Pockets, so I moved out.
Lie to me? Enjoy getting your time wasted.
You want to talk on the phone at the register? Ok
Foreskin arse cigarettes
Do NOT leave trash on my bus.
Don't Call Me in the Morning to Sell Stuff I Don't Want
Too busy to wait 30 seconds? Fine- you'll wait every time, then.
Courthouse security can bite me
My Boss Mocked Me For Wearing a Mask, I Replaced Him A Week LaterSteal my gun? I steal your victory.
The RC Kid
A Whopper of a revenge
What can a 16 year old do if he called his mom a c*nt and his dad hit him with a belt on his butt and thighs?
Wake me up at midnight have the rest of the day to worry about
I Got Revenge On My Graphic Design Teacher
Use half my mom's savings on her card because she ate my snacks
He didn’t come back for more “Jooce” : babysitting a thirsty toddler
Hit me with your handbag? Shit will hit the floor.
Don't prey upon people with Infertility.
That's not my name so no chips for you
Have you ever tried to seek revenge on a cheating boyfriend/girlfriend/ex? How did you do it?
I soaked the bedsheets so my sister couldn't sleep in the bed
Facebook Marketplace Revenge
Yell at me for doing my job? Get labeled as a non swimmer!
my Husband dutch-ovened me last night...
Want to stay out instead of helping at home? Fine...
Chose to be a jerk? Well, I can be one too.....
Steal from us?
Low effort drawing
Those in glass houses should not throw the stones.
Stickin' it to the man!
Was young and dumb but needed to wipe the smirk of that d**ks face!
A Toy Car
curse at your 5 year old? watch me eat my fries while you wait.
I broke a classmates iPhone X
Sweeping Poop
How can i get petty revenge on my annoying neighbors without disturbing everyone else in the building?
Ruining the fun of some toxic11 year old kids
I can hear you, Asshole......
Need ideas for revenge on sister...
Don't stock the store at night? Have fun changing receipt rolls.
No... I can't make it into the trash can if you can't help me
Perfect revenge
Getting a guy banned at a gym indefinitely
Mothers-in-law want to snoop through my computer? Enjoy what you find!
He now sees the error of his ways
Want to be petty and not take five minuets to print me a new ID. l'll be petty right back and take 3 hours getting my old one from home
Making me work off the clock? Enjoy your dicking.
Get into my business and hit me? I take away your computer's internet capability.
Someone kept phoning me and sending creepy sexual messages after getting my number from an ad for a Halloween costume on a selling site. I retaliated by listing lots of fake but enticing adverts 'free puppy, urgent bar job £15 ph' etc with that persons number.
Try this next time you're tailgated
Sick of Cleaning all of Roommate's Dishes, You Enjoy that Grated Cheese!
Someone in my block is petty, not sure if annoyed or impressed
Stealing back property (must be a theme here)
A series of petty revenge at camp
Neighbour who parks on our lawns might have liked to know this piece of information.
How I deal with bums at work.
He raised a stink and so did we.
Just gonna blow me off like that? see what happens.
Hello I need to exact my revenge on my mother.
Totally irrational revenge against hot mustard
Walking wrong way on sidewalk w/face buried in phone? Go stand in traffic
Be a douchebag in Socials? Hope you like having to rewrite your work!
The waiter disrespects and gives my mum the wrong meal so I force feed him a prawn and spill tea on him
Don't want to put your shopping cart away? Prepare for some petty revenge.
Cheats on his fiance, loses his shirt
Children should stay off the internet
The deffender is between baket an attacker ok
Get my girlfriend's car ticketed? Take this petty revenge.
$150+ for recyclables
I make your food, the story of an idiot coworker.
Be a shitty person get shitty pay back
Petty revenge on flatmates
Use me for my money? Thanks for the free cable.
Girl In Highschool Befriends Me to Get to My Friend, Lies About Being Suicidal and Cutting Herself For Attention
Keep parking in my spot, and I'll make it difficult for you.
So you are trying to give me a lecture before firing me , wait just a second I have to take this call from my new job
Reversing
Your edibles? No idea where those went...
Don't like loud sport cars? Allow me to play the Song of the Subie for you.
Petty, but well deserved
A Shower Quickie
“Karma is a b**ch to people who do what you do”
Petty Office Revenge
You inconvenienced me, so I'll help everyone else out
Hey, Come Look at This!
Too bright
Sorry Mrs. Drives-Like-a-Jerk, lawyers really are allowed to fire their clients
Roommate steals the wrong food
Christmas revenge: Neighbor ruined Elf on the Shelf for my kids, so I started my revenge today by ruining her morning.
You're Welcome for the Computer Advice.
This is why you don't mess with custodians
Have fun getting your mail.
My school cares about the wrong things.
Tailgate me?
Refuse to punish your worker’s behavior over my Yelp review? I’ll just update the review with screenshots.
Don't clean up after your dog? Enjoy the piles of dog crap.
Derta revenge (dota 2)
Take my printer will you?
Don’t mess with a vengeful boy
Eat all my cacio de pepe? I poke holes in your kidneys with a bone awl.
Use headphones on the bus
Parking peeps
THE pettiest revenge you'll read this year
So, you don't want to change lanes so I can merge
Screw with my friend?
Accuse me of stealing 1$, I don't talk to you anymore
And he is in the hospital
F**k you, I'm a full organ donor
You want us to fix your laptop so you don't have to take it to the tech department? Ok, we'll make it so only they can access it
So you don’t want to move down the train? Have fun getting squashed
Rude to my friend? I'll let you pay for our lunch
Interrupt my audiobook? Enjoy sitting 3 rows behind mom
Revenge gone wrong
Rotten chicken for a rotten roommate
Revenge i took on all my classmates (not really)
They called so much that I decided to register to vote.
Wanna tell us not to ticket your car? Enjoy getting more tickets.
My Incest Friend
Never let the students know more than youPlay stupid games. Win stupid prizes.
getting revenge for being woken up extra early for no reason
The spicey revenge
Deny access because of disability? Apologize and pay or go to court!
be an annoying sh*t get punched off your bike
Parking revenge
Pick on me all day during family dinner? Hope you like odd numbers.
Rude customer wants a beer
School was annoying so I got some revenge!
Don’t wanna drive the extra 30 seconds to drop your cart off in the right spot? Enjoy your 45 minute drive back a few days later
Maybe don't flip off the wife of your main contractor?
Blocked an atheist who insulted my beliefs
The end of the world
How Mom Exposes Shit-Talking GrandparentsHow Mom Exposes Shit-Talking Grandparents
Never underestimate the power of a fart joke
The usual
I annoyed an annoying bad reviewer at their work.
Need some random text help
Volleyball revenge
Enjoy your reading material, delivered 33 years late
Racist Nazi gets what she deserves
No cutting traffic today
Last night, this guy was playing music at 1am in a hostel dormitory.
Chaos in the club
Be a bitch at the trainstation, enjoy not having a seat for the entire ride
Act like I'm a machine? Enjoy your peanut dust!
“No way! It was her mistake, not mine! It’s my $20!”
Order 2 Minutes before closing? Enjoy that Pizza!
No rent... no reddit!
Bus to Stonehenge
Just helped Karma do it’s job :)
Former classmates broke the rules and wouldn’t listen, so THEY get the teacher, who then convince THEM to leave.
Feeling guilty for petty revenge
I want revenge
I told you it's permanent marker
Sister is judgemental... time for some petty revenge.
Crazy Gets Her Dose of Petty
I hold the key to the power in this house.
Student fakes a relationship to bully/embarrass me. I get the creep in trouble at the perfect time.
have fun spending your allowance money on condoms!
Girl punched my friend in the face, I ruined her lab experiments for an entire semester
Deluxe pizza revenge
Revenge on a homophobic Grandma.
Enjoy your hand-crafted Hate-Mug.
Bobs Not Here
My bestfriend told my crush i liked her because of a incident that happened in Second grade
He wouldn't let me play, so I took a shit on his backyard patio.
Cyber-flasher gets the nude he asks for, but not the one he wanted.
Lift up my skirt in front of an audience? I'll leave you (almost) naked in a restaurant bathroom.
Don't join my fight
Mess with my laundry? Suffer the consequences.
STALKER REVENGE!
Nothing like a blizzard revenge...
Some peoples parents were called
Don't be a suspect and you won't get caught
I am IT guy, ph33r |\\/|y p0w3r!
Hope you weren't too hungry...
Stick to the status quo
Want to face cameras into our backyard? Fine.
Cut me off and your phone will pay
Fuck your puzzles
Not teaching? I'll just go ahead and take something, then...
The ultimate petty revenge...
My coworker clears his throat incessantly after eating
You chose the wrong people to brag in front of.
Kids aren't allowed to get dirty? Go and play in a puddle
Demand a certain temperature? How about a degree higher?
Driver goes wrong way down one way system, steals my space, fate lends a hand
For all to see
So you have the balls to return
If I let you use my coffee don't abuse it
What would you consider a petty (safe) bit satisfying revenge? Who and why?
Wasting the time of a griefer in Overwatch
Petty revenge at the golf course
No room for me to merge, yet you dare honk at me? Taste the sweetness of revenge!
Make fun of me for liking a certain singer? Petty revenge ensures.
Double parked mudster
In a hurry ? guess you shouldn't have made other wait.
Eternal book of hell
"Hey sweetcakes, when do you get off work? I'll take you out for a drink?" (X-Post from Talesfromretail
How my dad dealt with student neighbours who parked in our yard.
Falsely accouse me of stealing? look me in the eye now
Cut in line? I waste your time.
EM Wants my BF to Be Sick, Fine He’s Sick (Crosspost from r/entitledparents)
Having the principal in your pocket for 6 years
now you have to tear it off...
I love petty revenge!
Bought my brother in law horrible girlfriend a gift for her birthday
Homophobes harass me for two years. I get their trucks ticketed.
Call me a bitch? Have fun getting home.
Make fun of me in front of your mom? Well I'm a homosexual now!
Kid being a jerk, bite him
Got revenge on a Girl who bullied me for 2 years
Take advantage of your best friend. Lose your wedding photographer.
Once a cheater, always a cheater. An epic story of revenge on my ex.
Want Pancakes? Make Them Yourself
My daughter's revenge on a cheating boyfriend.
Wanna start a war with a 10 yo? Lose your hair then.. (with a good ending)
Rudeness and nitpicking.
Don’t enjoy what is served to you? Then you probably won’t like it forty years later either
Gave up the chance to lose my virginity at 16 so I could make the girl feel as unwanted as she made me feel years earlier.
Horrible Ex-Roommate
Treat me like a servant? ENJOY YOUR WARM WATER BOTTLE!
Be an asshole to my coworker? No well done pizza for you!
Two birds with One pan of Brownies.
I've got 20 years on you.
Petty revenge on the trainThis is why I don't tell people who I know or who I am with
EM thinks she owns my phone and tries to accuse me of assault (X-post from r/entitled parents)
Don't want me parking here? Then no one will.
Don't Respect the Cashier? I don't respect you Chocolate.
Waited 30 years for revenge
Friend’s vegetarian bf gave everyone shit, so I let my friend eat my ham sandwich
Flat mates roll revenge
my friend and his awful cousin (this is has entitled people but there’s a revenge)
Rats get what they deserve
Supermarket activists.
Kid harasses me here’s my revenge
Trying to gross me out? Fine, I'll have a nice little surprise for you.
Forget your neckstrap? Have mine!
My sound beats yours!
My roommate likes to leave her clothes in the washer.
Talk shit about me on the phone? Let me make your flight very uncomfortable
Don't park like a douche...
The Text
I was told you guys would like this.. (xpost r/talesfromretail)
I punched my sister after 4 years of her nonsense.
Negro Is Trying To Steal My World From Me So I Call It Ugly Online
Revenge for being an impatient slob
Any ideas
Would you like the senior discount?
In my teens I spent some years in a reform school
If you don't wash MY dishes, you don't play your beloved Xbox.
Misspell my name?
Say goodbye to your movies and shows!
Park like an asshole, I'll call you out like an asshole
Father's revenge on his wasteful son.
Be A Bad Employer, I’ll Be A Bad Employee.
Block the sidewalk? You can wait
Leave without me? I'll leave without you.
How should I take revenge?
Take that, arrogant IT guy!
aaa
Too controlling and opinionated to admit that you were wrong? Have fun being screwed out of points
Don't mess with the person with the upper hand
Leave me stranded in the next city over in a foreign country? I'll leave you stranded without any luggage for all your shit.
Pull Over!
Rude Waitress Who Doesn't Speak Spanish Embarrasses Herself in Front of Mexican Cooks
Little brother got on my facebook and had me come out of the closet.
When acting like a normal person deals petty revenge
Enjoy playing Xbox in standard definition
For being so sweet ..
Your only opportunity just drove off.
Take this job and shove it.
An impatient taxi driver will stay behind me as long as I like.
Always be kind to your delivery drivers
Guy stood in front of my car because I was a few feet on the pedestrian crosswalk.
Picked the wrong townie to mess with
You're not my sister anymore.
Foreign Money Not Accepted Here
I'm not a dog. You can wait 30 more seconds.
Think I'm your secretary? I'll take your tips
Old friend twists my words and scammed me so I took it all back and more
Try to cut the line? Sure, you can go before me when I'm next
You thought that my mistakes cost you money before how about now, asshole?
They tried to take my property, so I took away their driveway.
Following the School Rule's
Handful of Change
Video game justice
Boss gets insulted by the person hes interviewing...
What do you do if the people you love do wrong to you?
Scream at me...You have invoked my Terminator Mode.
The sweet stink of revenge..
Small victories are sometimes the best revenge
She broke our friendship because she thought I was sleeping with her FWB so 4 months later I did
Don't stand so close to me
"No" means "No" you old crone!
Bad mouthed little girl
You Insult and Abuse Me for My Disabilities, Time to bring Out the Manager.
Making fun of old people? Say bye to your expensive hat.
Gave an 18-hour notice at work
Some unentended revenge at a Party
Accuse me of stealing? I'll make sure to have proof I didn't.
Hack my minecraft account? Now you're signed up to a bunch of mailing lists.
Kids who bullied me asked me to play just because I ha a new basketball. The answer is no. I guess they cant play basketball anymore.
Mild annoying coworker revenge
Food tampering is wrong, but don't emotionally blackmail a stressed out depressed person with anxiety.
Think the handicapped spot is just a suggestion and confront me over it? Get the cops called on you and banned from Fatburger.
I was nice he wasn't
Try to make my parents pay for the wrong door? Let's waste some time!
Update 2 on the neighbors with the 10 dogs.
I made you quit your job bitch
Petty revenge on college asshats
my brother wanted to ban me from Minecraft
http://f17300p24.blogspot.com/2017/06/hello-as-redditor-fellow-who-just.html
Crime scene phone call
I gave a teacher 4 and a half stale donuts.
Don't pass too closely.
Office territory
Messed up lunch break
Want to be a shitty neighbour, enjoy an inconvenient life.
My bully payback all she did and i didn't have to lift a finger
That group must have a ticket, a page, an email, and all 4 contacts must be called.
When you call me a bitch in front of others, I'll mess with your downtime...
Petty fun
Shaved the best for last
Shoes in lakes
Steal my bowl? Enjoy a gutter ball.
Skate or Die!
Try to cut me off in merging? Enjoy everyone behind you coming around and getting in front of me.
Next time learn how to use your phone before insulting me!
Wake me from my afternoon nap? That's fine, enjoy yours.
Wails about Mail Assail
You will never be first chair
Spread your stupid fat legs and take up more than 50% of your allocated space on the train will you?
Surprising coming-out
Not my revenge...
I did absolutely nothing to you and you insulted me by telling my supervisor that you don't want me as your nurse... let the petty revenge begin.
When the credit card company doesn't want to close your account
Caught in the act..
Mute me? Fine! Minus one viewer for you!
My classmate made fun of me so I beat him in math
How a machine got it's petty revenge on me.
Don't Shit Where You Eat, My Friend
I murdered her sims.
Shame me for being hit in the eye by chalk? Have fun getting fired
Petty Revenge on an obnoxious car driver
why are you using your phone in a convenient way? *reverse card
Your son doesn't like telemarketers? Well, now it's his fault you aren't saving money
I just discovered this subreddit and I love
Want to charge a Foreign Currency fee when I withdraw in my own currency? Ok...
Give me bruises and I'll ruin your yard.
Revenge on a Rude Driver
Used to work at McDonalds..guy gives me a LOT of change
Froot Loops
Dont ride his ass
My husband avenged me!
You shouldn't leave personal items in the communal bathroom
Steal my Runescape Account, I'll steal 5 of yours
In times of quarantine, I took away her Netflix
Revenge on mom and sister
Be rude to me and staff, pay extra (super petty)
That's what you get for screwing a bunch of teachers over during a pandemic.
Make me work late, no TV for you!
Shame my body , and I ruin your group
Priest was sinful
How I Got Back at My Principal Who Expelled Me Because of a Lie
Leave food littered in communal areas? Let me help you clean that up...
Deprive me of fishing and sleep? Have fun finding your beer
Bully me in class, enjoy the stank I let out in your general direction
Neighbour complaining about my cousin playing being "too loud" calls cops on me
Pettiest of revenge on Bully/Cousin... 25 years later!
Mom didn’t make dinner on her designated night? I’ll treat myself to her favorite food
"Renu please?"
Don't cut in line
Queen Bee fight
You roast me, I give you a week of detention
The customer that never tips and the owners that never pay
Bicycle revenge
Originally posted on AITA, but got deleted for being revenge. (How I deal with my sister's leaving piss on the toilet seat)
Revenge for shoplifting
Math Class Chester
Don't use your blinker? Guess you don't want to turn.
How my sister beat my father at his own game
Bad driver gets what's coming
Make my girlfriend cry? Enjoy your spam, and literal shit.
Awww, he just wants our attention, how cute.
Crushed knees
Fuck him. He cheated on me. Go blow his phone up for me 💕
Awful Neighbors
I don't appreciate lying customers
Guy steps in front of me, so I return the favor.
Doing a runner? You can pay another way
She keeps saying I'm fat like it's an insult
uncle homeless and jobless over $100 loan, karma catches up
Be rude to my staff, get hard muffins and soft hashbrowns
Eat my spit bitch
Came home to a pile of gold
My neighbor takes up a lot of space in our shared driveway, so do I.
Christmas lights
Considerate dog shit
Got back at my sister
Someone in Kingspan was not happy...
Over charge loophole
An incredibly petty tale of minor traffic revenge.
Clean the Bathroom!
Be rude while I was trying to help you? Fail your class again.
HOA conflict; EPIC resolution  (x-post from r/funny)
2 part hair petty revenge
🎶What can I say except you're welcome?🎵
Cut me off in a dangerous manner? Enjoy your (lottery) ticket!
Change for a $100
Apartment bully
You want one so bad?! Here you go.
Steal my milk?enjoy having the shits you thief
My ex lost all his friends cause of me
I quit smoking, but I smoked my last cigarette last night to get revenge on an ultimate ass-gawker.
I get people to call my mom a bigot every day and I love it
My roommate steals my stuff. So I made her go bald.
"But I don't HAVE the money to pay for these!"
Hallways and Elevators
Finally served my jerk of a coworker some karma.
I pushed a kid into a wall (X-post)
Ace up my sleeve
How can I get any kind of revenge against 2 people I used to be friends with?
An Hotel based tale of petty revenge...
Hope you enjoy dog shit in your room.
Cheat on me twice, fine have fun fixing your overwatch account
!NSFW! This is my third share to this subreddit. My other posts seem to be going well so figured I'd share another. (3rd times the charm, right? 😂)
Kiss too much ass at work, you really should have a plan for when that ass moves sideways and not up the ladder.
Looks like someone forgot the words to 'The Gambler'
Brother browses computer without permission, i send some files to my mum.
Won't let me borrow the speakers? Let the pettiness begin.
Loudly, obnoxiously fart on a crowded airplane? Enjoy some sun.Watch where you park...
Complain about not getting back $900 in time? Well, you just missed out on $10,000.
You act like a dick, emphasize on how *there* going to your birthday, but i'm not, so I beat the shit out of you.
Teacher wouldn't let me go to the toilet, so I go home.
I told my boyfriend's secret to my friends because he cheated on me.
my deaf teacher shows his hearing student who's boss!
Support from the foreign country of Wisconsin
So you don't want to leave your computer to let me in? Enjoy your weak coffee.
I have your email.
Revenge of the Krispy Kremes.
So you want to copy me during the assessment...
Be a rude tourist? Sure, I can be one too!
Brought a gun to a tickle fight
Revenge is sweaty, not sweet.
Take my laundry machine, have fun getting pepsi out of your nose and ears and having to redo your laundry
Happy to inconvenience you, sir
University bookstore tries to use me
I Left a "Present" in Her Yard
My roommate doesn't pull his weight with chores, so I sabotaged the only one he does
My coworker took petty revenge for me
Cutting in line? Karma will get you without me having to lift a finger.
Slimy? Perhaps. Satisfying? Oh yes.
Boss me around and I'll sleep with your boss.
Don't mess with townies
THIS IS MY APPLE!
Tips Needed Neighbors Kids Pain in the Ass
Meanest thing I ever did to one of my students.
Fantasy football welcher revenge
Yes, I did get your only income taken from you.
I no longer forget my passwords.
Homeless revenge, potential douchebaggery ensues
I was a huge know-it-all and my friends saw the opportunity for petty revenge, andt ook it
Hosted a foreign exchange student...friends and I treated him like a king....and he called us losers. Have some petty revenge, Pedro.
Inconvenience me? Then I'll inconvenience you.
Flowers to "mother"
See what happens when you steal my shit, then report me to the police for stealing money from you
Mispronounce my name, I wage small scale psychological warfare
Personal Space Invasion: Disney Edition
Mommy loves you!
Best way to get back at anyone
Drunk guy steals pizza, loses shoe.
My petty revenge tales, part 4: I go full retard with my revenge.
The time I was bit by a kid
You fire me, I quitwake up my boss most nights (and his 2 yr old and 6 month old kids)
He scratched my car but his pettiness is 10/10
You delete my 500 hours effort file, enjoy getting kicked out
You want me to get motor vehicle registration for my bicycle? I'll get you fired!
Stupid tunafish lady
Scream at me to use my air?! Yeah right.
Bipolar but Still Capable of Ruining Your Day
ants in entitled step sisters bed
Assume I don't study because of my social life? Good luck on your next group project.
The Oldest Spice...
Don't tailgate me, you cock-toboggan
ex thought he was smart
I got my homophonic uncle to unwittingly hire an AWESOME transgender candidate
Don't mess with my porn, Granny!
Idk if this even counts as petty revenge
Run me off the road? I'll run your blood pressure through the roof.
Cheat on your girlfriend? You're missing out.
Significant other breaks up with me, I make them pay full price for a required subscription.
sorry, what was that?!
Bring me my money!
Don't want to pay to replace someone else's thing that you lost? Prepare to pay for something else.
My retail revenge
An accidental revenge (movie theater edition)
Science lesson
Plumber hid my car battery, I took his back to my company
Is that egg on your face?
Petty revenge for sexual assault
Take that, kitty!
I left when you told me to!
Have fun getting screwed
1,443 nude photos of Thai King’s mistress leaked in a bizarre ‘revenge porn’
boyfriend's jealous ex comes to visit
Loud as hell motorcycle at 5 AM. One solution.
Fine! I'll do it for you.
Revenge on a bitchy neighbor
Revenge on a Childhood Bully
Want to occupy two bus seats?
Neighbor Steals My Mail. I get Revenge.
Cut me off? I'll make you work for it
A couple who tried to blame their traffic blunder on me indirectly funded my trip to Las Vegas.
Junk calling the junk callers
Rude ricer (long but worth)
You waste our time, I waste your money.
Revenge beating of my brother
My VERY petty revenge on my father in law.
Enjoy your library fine, sir.
Appartement above a bus stop with the doorbell next to the nightbus stop. Your guess what happened a lot...
Not so petty revenge on a "hacker"
dont put that on my project
From V4 to V8
Try to steal my trailer? Not today!!
Using your kid to save a spot for an hour and 45 minutes? I'll still take the spot.
How I got a senior employee fired with no severance.
I get revenge on someone for making fun of my crutch
Treat Your Roommates Like Shit? Enjoy Being Homeless!
A classic sibling rivalry tale
Creak, creak, BANG.
I work at a Dental office and this happened in Early September 2019
Revenge is best served cold, very cold
Stabbed my childhood bully in the back - metaphorically, with a paintball
Made to wait to use washbasin
Hurry up and wait.
Treat your wife life garbage? She gets excellent service and all the potatoes.
My Mom gets petty revenge on my grandma by washing her clothes.You said I’d never graduate high school, so I gave you my diploma.
Be a bad friend, I let my bestfriend break up with you
Petty revenge against petty shipyard security
Please sign
Angry Drivers make the best targets for petty revenge
Wanna fight and be petty, I'll handcuff you and make you feel sick
Coffee?
Neighbor who's a nurse laughed about my cancer. Now she's moving out.
Bike like a jackass? Let me get some of that dirt off your bike!
UrinalGonna strand me outside the shower with a head full of bleach? Prepare to freeze!
I'll show you....
Complain about my dogs food? Okay, now they're eating raw.
An unwatched pot never boils
Be a hypocrite? Enjoy your mush?
Story of Revenge from when I worked Retail.
Bad employee gets the boot
elsestarwrk covertly disconnects his manager's printer for months
Moving car meets unmovable object
Make fun of me for being fat? The tables have turned!
Keep me awake every night and I will think of ways to drive you crazy too...
Piss me off, get woken up 3 minutes early
Don't Judge a Book by Its Cover
Got team killed in Rainbow Six Siege for no reason, decided to dedicate the rest of the game to getting the person banned.
Guy cut me off in a high school parking lot.
My PettyRevenge Against the Way-Too-Common No-Maskers
Buzz me with your bike
Reddit Petty
Don’t want a bonus for referring me? Fine, I’ll give it to someone who already gets paid more that’s you
Wherein our protagonist is guaranteed petty- or his money back
here, have some cat crap...
Successful Hijacking of a Facebook Page Threatening Apostates of my Faith
What event made you change your ways? Was it a good or bad thing?
I will get my money back, by hook or by crook. Or by weird yellow forms.
Free sausages!
Using my silly woman brain for pettiness
Don't tell me to cut down on the fruit loops
Won't respect my privacy? Prepare to be uncomfortable.
Want to be rude have fun being called out
I randomly change direction while mowing my lawn because it drives my neighbor nuts
Jelly Belly Jailor
Can't be polite? Nor can I.
Go ahead and delete me from all ur fucking social media even though I did nothing. Treat me like a worthless piece of shit and wait for the day you regret it. You can delete a photo but not a memory. AM I THE ONLY FUCKING ADULT HERE??
Fuck with me, then I fuck with your coffee.
The meanest thing I did in high school.
Shitty landlord gets some shit
I know I'm an alcoholic. Sit outside my bathroom door, on my bed, shit-talking my drinking problem to my husband while denying your own issues? I got an idea for you.
Hope you like death metal!
Choir warm up
Bet you don’t wanna sleep with me now, huh?
Karma is on my side
Eat all my bread? I'll drink all your beer
Just ignore me huh? That's fine.
You try to scam old people? Get really for all the dicks you can handle assholes
Accuses fellow colleague of racism, later gets fired for theft.
My time is worth your money, Mr. Frys Associate.
Manager refused to promote me so I told our coworkers his secret
Take my parking spot? I’ll take 4 of yours!
Doppelganger...?
Trying to scam me by asking for management and pretending you are my accountant? I hope you got time to spare.
Girls keep grudges for a long time
Entitled mother-son duo have trouble getting home after a long 4 hour journey.
Act like an ass on Reddit? I have time
Make me seem like an idiot at work, kid? Let me go out of my way to get your mom to ground you.
Dont *piss* me off
More cart revenge!!!
You wanna punch me? Here’s some spiders!
The sound of revenge
Stab me in the back? Enter the landlord.
Don't clean have a dirty hall way (Joy's from roommates)
Two birds, one stone
He took my mug, so I stole his beer glasses
To be carried out soon
Choose multiple subreddits to view at once.
"If you don't do the Senior Project, then you won't walk during graduation." Well okay then.
Got cold feet? Here's a burn to warm them up!
So my year already started kinda bad.
Emperor Cabs owes an invoice
Screw with my career advancement, enjoy your sticky footsteps
Ok you can copy off my paper!
Try and take a picture of me sleeping? I'll call you out in your own language
my mom v. scammer yelling edition
Steal my computer? Try me.
Ex friend tries to ruin my night with a girl that hates me. I get her kicked out of the pub!
Someone accessed my google account, so i decided to do something about it
Showing a Man How it's Done
Come in 3 minutes before closing? Your burger won't look like a picture.
Short story because I cant breathe
You don't let me merge, I don't let you merge
My mother's husband got what he deserved
Petty revenge on my lazy boss.
Hit me with a belt? Get outed to your nephew!
This didn't happen to me, but it's a great little story from elementary school of a teachers revenge against a parent who parked in the teachers only parking lot.
A kid threatens me with a knife and I...
Let Them Eat Cake!
5th Grade Runescape Drama
self checkout revenge
Revenge on a horrible driver.
Won't do your part?
Paid a $400 vet bill to save someone's cat and got snark for it
Revenge on Twitter
THANK YOU FOR THE PRESENTS!
Owner is scumbag spitting in food and bullying autistic children have fun +1 (347) 597-7110
Want to cheat in dodge ball? Well i'll make sure to throw it harder.
In 2013, I sent my ex a cactus. Then, today..
Cheat? I’ll tell your mom.
South Korea Blasts ‘We Are the Champions’ at North Korea Border
Ive own my debit card... I know how it works...
Wanna fight me? Enjoy the cardio lol.
The Yapping Poodle
Traffic double petty revenge, with help.
Want to be a bitch? Get a ticket.
Be an ass during Super Mario 3D Land, huh?
So you want to embarrass your students?
Petty revenge on douche classmate
For all your petty parking revenge needs.
Steal my Holidays. Ill take yours.
Be uncaring, I wont be helpful.
Captain vs. the cocky kid.
GUYS I NEED HELPGirl bled on molester
If you act the fool at an event, don't expect an invite to the next one
Bully me for 2 years, get your ass whoop
I still get an evil smile...
Ignore my suggestion because I'm "not as experienced". Enjoy getting yelled at for half an hour.
Be a dick to me? I won't let you use my shit.
I was told this belonged here...
No. More. Patience. It's time for Nyan Cat.
Don't wanna leave when the restaurant closes? I'll show you inconvenience!
"I.. I thought I deleted all that!"
Tasty Revenge
All Wrapped Up
Tales from BSA - Pudge
Please stop calling me.
My cousin shared my personal and private photos with her friends.
Sweet bike lock vengeance
Guy in ferry line just after dark leaves lights on behind us.
A Bumper Riding Double Whammy
I Win, Asshole
Coworker tells me im too slow at my job, so I bury her in a mountain of dishes
I don't get road rage, I get pavement petty
Revenge on my old boss
Revenge on a vindictive and superficial ex GF.
Students' scam backfires
Asshole meet Pothole
Is it really so tough to take your glasses back to the kitchen?
Best Amazon Review Ever - classic petty revenge
Continuously jerk me around for a few weeks? Feel my wrath.
Don't fuck with me.
Since you want to act like a slut...
Middle aged roommate steals freshman's food for an entire semester
sometimes its the (very) small things
Favoritism sucks
Extra Cheese
Don't put the new toilet paper roll on the holder? I'll put it on the wrong way.
D*ck steals things from everyone in my troop. We give him a good scare.
Free Leftovers? Nope!
Don't want to share? Then I won't either.
I don't really like my former landlord
Xbox fight
Block the parking garage exit? I'll give you a taste of your own medicine.
Don't leave your cart in the rain.
Teriyaki treachery
Give me a headache by playing loud music, talking loudly up till 1AM in the kitchen? I’ll keep the party going
Snooty customer tries to get an additional discount and ends up paying the full cost.
Drive 20km/h below the speed limit and then suddenly turn in front of us into the grocery store? You are on my shit list
I need a help destroying prank caller
Petty revenge on a flat mate who was pinching my food.
Random guy parks in Drivers Ed spot, Drivers Ed teacher traps them in the spot
Kid tries to ruin my job so i ruin his weekend.l
Sweet cold revenge.
Cut my line in a queue? I’ll step on you!
To the owner of the Black Ford Fusion
Farming revenge
"Poisoned" family inlaw with satan's nectar
Take my House in Divorce? That Really Stinks!
Online abuser found and harassed my family, I am destroying his subreddit online!
Oh! You're having a baby? Behold the field in which I grow my f*cks.....
Need bed date partners
I kept my parents up all night because they would listen to my simple request.
A really petty sister.
Just some nice revenge
Manual labour is hard!
Owner won’t come in to learn his own store
Call me a useless peon? I won't help your child then!
Plagiarise my friends work, then belittle me. Enjoy redoing all the subject work.
Rewarding Good Behaviour
Dorm Showers
You'll be sorry if you mess with my computer
He got me evicted, so I returned the favor.
How I got a person sick...
The Real Ms. G
My sister stole my phone and took selfies so I stole hers and filled up her iPhone storage.
Just done with rude customers and their lack of social skills
Was I Speaking Another Language???
Explorer for sale/ Darwin's License Inception
Guy parks right past the parking stall line. Time to go basic petty.
I dunno if I was out of line here. Felt awesome nonetheless.
No Two-Player for you!
She tried to break up my friends’ relationship
You showed me your ass, let me show you mine.
Be a butthead? No more rom-com for you!!
You leave your Trolley, I'll bring it back to you!
Insult me in front of customers? Hope u like being unemployed.
Tub-smoking roommate got on my nerves. I tried to be nice, really.
Musican got a LOT of editing ahead.
Messing with my annoying brother
Piano Teacher Blues
Annoying friend is annoying so I do my best
Cut me off in line at the grocery store? You don't get your Cauliflower.
tell me why
Petty Revenge on Ostentatious and Careless Boss
A perfect setup for poetic justice
6th grade math teacher got mad at me for "taking to long in the bathroom," and may have gotten her marked fro assault
Mooch
Best phone call
He tried. He failed.
A grown man slaps me beacuse i protected his son
Pettiest of parking revenge
I tricked my entitled cousin into eternally cleaning the backyard
Take my space? I'll make you slightly later than expected
Pretty tree here, pretty tree there, pretty trees EVERYWHERE!!!
BLOCK MY ESCALATOR WILL YA?
Piss On Me? Get A Catheter Put In
CEO accidentally reveals to the whole office he’s the Diet Coke thief
Here's your last rent payment
I got my revenge on my grandma
Housemate
Entitled and scheming colleague tastes her own medicine.
Good luck sleeping, Garry
I really want to be petty to this manchild who is making a mission to fuck me over
Steal my bus seat? I'll get you suspended and sent to millitary school.
Wear your seatbelt
Not sure if petty, but here you go.
I scared some children because they were smashing wood on my garage
Your daughter is EK? then fuck you
Don't push me cuz i'm close to the edge
I like my seat
Grouchy customer service employee gets Scott Ternorman'd...(language NSFW)
My Dad covers a road ragers wind shield in syrup while driving!
Seats befitting your status *sir*
To those who steal my chapstick
Animal Abuser Gloating Online
You and You are Mugs Are Gardening Tools
Tourist trap gas station revenge.
Help me make my gf/ex gf jealous
Pettiness must be genetic...
5TH Grade Rivalry
Charge me for sauce? You'll lose that and more paying for water.
Have fun picking out your lunch now
I quit my old job with a plan
Guy parked where I cleared snow for coworkers and I to leave work up a hill.
Try and make it about yourself at someone else's wedding? Expect the unexpected.
Entitled bitchy neighbor? Have some lawn clippings!
Butt-scented glass frames for great justice!
Don't screw over the bricklayer
A different kind of road rage story...
Coworker constantly taking first dibs on break room for night break, so I get to work 30 minutes earlier and take their break spot.
Reneging on giving me your old phone? Enjoy the worse "reception" in the world
The prices are clearly marked.
The revenge that got sweeter the longer she didn't notice
Lesbian lovers' quarrel
A lady keeps insinuating that my friend isn't disabled, guess who has to wait for the next train now
Honk at my disabled mother and spew racial slurs? Bring it on
Petty revenge at the car wash
Car snob gets to hear the ugly truth.
I put baby oil in their barbecue oil bottle
LPT: never fuck with someone who has your phone number... unless you want to get subscribed to Cat Facts for the next 12 months
One small cable for man, one giant flight of stairs for mankind
What does your fortune say?
rk thinks he is funny
Upstairs neighbors are inconsiderate jerks
Pig Parkers.
Revenge is a dish best served with glitter!
Take my birthday money? Have fun being late to work
Unwanted dick pics turned into greatest revenge
Enjoy cleaning the green bin contents off your vehicle
A classmate gets me in trouble and steals from me so I get him held back.
Don't throw your lunch at people
Can we use this subreddit to also ask for suggestion?
If I'm fat then you're an old dried out cunt
My parking spot, and my neighbors trash collection.
A got a lier to catch himself out.
I can't have a taste? Neither can you!
Enjoy those fries you stole...for now
You just caused a shit storm!
"So, Tim Cook spoke out post-Cambridge Analytica and it infuriated Zuck, so he later ordered his management team to use only Android phones."
My wife drank all the milk this morning so I couldn't have any breakfast.
Need ideas for petty revenge on employers that ghost me after interviews.
Petty website revenge on a builder who was trying to rip me off for £500
I told my irresponsible neighbor that I’m gonna eat her dog.
Stop taking my stuff!!!
Lemon Water
ice cream shop at Pesach
McDonald's app rip-off revenge.
Loudmouth Americans
Someone's parking job got them the note of bad karma tonight. :0
What Comes Around, Goes Around
AP Human Geography teacher required us to write weekly essay
Looking for a way to get revenge on someone who posted something about my friends shop.
My ex wouldn’t stop calling me no matter how many times I asked politely. Feel the petty wrath.
Shoplift My Merchandise? I'm Stealing Your Stuff Instead.
Seriously? You know what I mean.
Try to start a relationship with another girl? Watch me ruin it
Double Revenge.
Pokemon Thief
Petty revenge on a girl yelling at me for helping with her luggage.
Entitled Coworkers
Weaponized Mario Kart
My irresponsible roommates.
call me a whore? Fine I'll just enjoy this ice cream.
You're in my domain
Denial of annual leave. I think I will take what’s owed and more.
The fire marshal would like to have a word with you
Mini-fridge Revenge
Longest Elevator Ride
Harass me for a year? Throw away my mail? Karma comes calling.
Don't bother coming in the next two weeks? Let's up that to forever.
Here, Have a Diet Coke
Petty Teacher's Revenge
Colleague is caught lying about her child
So am I allowed to post in this sub?
Swapped my friends lube for hair gel
Keep the change.
Sticks and stones may break my bones but math will always hurt you!Take my pocket watch? Itchy pube face for you!
I got petty with my Grandma.
Close my account (Amazon)
Mum's revenge on brother for complaining about his portion of chocolate milk
Park like a prick, take one in the &amp;%$#.
Shove me out of the way, will yah?
The guy sitting next to me on the plane was eating some seriously stinky beef jerky
No, I will not let you turn in front of me
I no longer admit to having a sister, but at least I got her back.
One Way or Another, the Signs Will Be Read
Tales from tech support, possibly part 1
Bus Driver's petty revenge
Don’t want to pay your employees’ benefits? No problem.
Maybe next time you'll remember to clean up after your dog.
Being impatient rarely pays off
Cut in a long line at Trader Joe's? Enjoy my flatulence.
Silent yet petty
How many times do I have to explain it to you? I'm NOT afraid of snow, you jerk!
Bogart the jukebox with gangsta rap? I'll torture you with 80's music.
The long game. Pretty revenge 10 years later.
Sibling bully gets a airhorn
Yay or nay?
WIP revenge on bully
You're going to continue to jump off the rocks after I just explicitly warned you not to for the millionth time?
Give Me A Lemon? I Send You Back a Lemon.
You just couldn't do help yourself huh?
You sent me an invitation to your wedding with the guy you cheated on me with, I mailed it back the day you got divorced.
Social Experiment With Satisfying End
this dude on Reddit called me a noob, so I showed him his old comments to embarrass him.
I tried to warn her but she wouldn't listen...
Found this one on the internet
Friend's boyfriend ruined our festival plans - so I got my own back in a fairly opportunistic but amusing way.
I killed a crappy artist’s dream
Girlfriend is forced to walk the extra 30 steps upstairs.
finally got her back!
be nice when asking directions
Dont turn off my xbox
He’s about to be blown away. Or not.
No legal obligation!
There's a guy making fun of me because I want a girl... what should I do to his dog?
I don't think you have the right of way
Damn Canucks.
If you want to get revenge on someone, we can help legally and hilariously...
Sorry to waste your time....
My Teacher sucks
The Pettiest Roommate fails. pt1
A friend lost her cat
Give me a not-apology, I'm going to be petty
In a rush? 2 minutes to wait for your bubble tea is not gonna hurt you
Procuro vingança
The stars and planets aligned that night for me.
I was disrespected and proved my need of a seat on the bus.
I can't match my socks!
Cuss me out in a game?Get banned and ur friend gets a warning!
Denny's
Be a dick to my friends and I'll mildly inconvenience you...
Be ungrateful and act like a child? I just can't let it go.
Unwanted dickpic from a married man
A customer was being racist so I transferred her to the Spanish department.
Pre-venge for not letting people out of a junction.
Almost failed 9th grade because of some rat
Crazy Neighbor Falsely Accuses Me
Revenge is best served refreshing.
I shamed a Christian today
Almost hit me with your car? Now you have to wait a couple more seconds for the elevator.
Oh, you want to race? Your car might be faster, but you're still going to lose.
Don't tailgate me when I have nowhere to be.
Punishment: most hated music
Trying to lie to customer service
Still want to drive on my lawn? Fine, then you can deal with the police.
Got cheated on, ghosted, and then two weeks later I was told it was my fault, because I didn’t show her enough attention. So I signed her up for those spam texting sights.
R/EntitledParents R/PettyRevenge, Karen slaps a Mcdonalds worker across ...
I don't iron so you can ... I think not
Laundry revenge
Classroom revenge against a old bully
Abandon my sister? Come, take a ride with me
My old roommate needs help ruining his ex’s life
Entitled hockey father loses his position
Take my headphones because you broke yours? Good luck charging them.
Abuse the healer? Learn to resurrect yourself!
Revenge on the Prius!!
Make your own goddamned toast
r/pettyrevenge Rude Relatives
Thieves get stolen items re stolen.
The owner (M60) and manager (F30) of a family owned BBQ restraunt harrass me (F18) until forcing me to quit!! Jokes on them!! (TLDR at the end)
Taking revenge on a lazy co-worker by going above and beyond.
Fire my wife will ya?
You think you can get away with causing the end of a server and giving me stress? Lets see how you feel after getting rigged.
Short term loser, long term winner
Toilet water
Noisy neighbor = Embarrassed neighbor
Make me give you printer meter readings twice? I'll waste your time also.
It's *not* cold; but here, burn your pathetic mouth on this!
A petty bit of dusty revenge.
Bump me to the back of the line? I'll bump your door!
Treat me like a total retard; don't expect me to be nice to you anymore.
Don't worry, I'll take care of it
The Great Hot Chocolate Rebellion of 2014
Steal my phone? I'll ruin your reputation.
Is it hot enough for you? Backfired!
The English Teacher who saved me.
Swear at me, lose all comfortable sleeping places
I hope you like heavy metal
Don't mess with the elementary school
He used me, so I cat fished him!
A customer was being super annoying so when they asked me where to get lunch I sent them to a terrible restaurant.
My friend griefed my minecraft server, so I deleted his house. Emphasis on "petty."
So you want you tailgate me and Benny?
Piss on my bed, will ya?
I drink a 1/2 gallon of water so they don't get any.
I defended you and then you called corporate on me. Okay lets play.
Don't steal my weed
I'm not sure if I'm just mean now. This time it involved kids.
Won't follow my directions? I'll let you look retarded
You ignore me? I'll ignore you.
For those of you who are a little more evil.
Kid harasses me I ban his ps4 account
screw with my dad, ill tell you how i feel about you!
Possession is 9/10 of the law
Have fun trying to open that safe.
Tourette sydrome helps get petty revenge on teacher
Rude Subway employee gets comeuppance through her own product. (Story is from 4chan boards, not my story).
Revenge on an ex
Bully on the outdoor rink gets what he deserves
Childhood revenge is either cute or cruel. I'm pretty sure this is just petty.
Tailgate me? Ok have some spit
High School Test Revenge
Heartbreak-fuelled revenge
Breaking The Law In A Company Truck
Lady in a hurry to board her plane gets... delayed.
Ignore agreed rules, have fun to deleting 40000+ folders one by one and more
PvP death match turns into harmless glitter prank...
My father agreed with an old lady at my expense, so I played along.
Landlord ignored roof damage for months and didn't give notice of entry, until every prospective renter read about their negligence
You wanna be a pathological liar? not in my school
Looks can be deceiving
You think that's loud?
Tax Season Revenge
Call me fat, wait 30 minutes to get your fried Chicken.
Aren't you glad you forced your way into the line?
I never carry cash, but this morning I HAD to use it.
Preface- I work at Chick-Fil-A.
Assume we'll watch your dog? Because we will.
Nobody likes a bully
Denied the epidural
Just a penny
Think I'm overreacting to a hurricane? Enjoy some schoolin'.
If you don’t listen you clean up the vomit
Netflix and Chill...drens Movies
Stupid Old Man
Cut me off at airport departures- pay the price
I hope your car alarm killed the battery.
In my glove box
Gave some jackass road rage
Feedback on Petty Revenge Plot I have planned
Ruined Stranger Things S3 for my physically abusive ex by skipping ahead on his own Netflix account
No more Grandads for me!
It's only sand.
You want to tell me what to do? Have fun fixing the carpet!
International players auction..
Bitch about me behind my back? Enjoy the shits.
I Pranked My Co-Worker And Cost Him His Weed
Pay me in pennies? Let’s count them
Longtime childhood bully gets cockroach storm!
Yell at me? I'll yell at you. File a complaint? I will too.
9 Inches
Getting back at my 5th grade bully
You wanna get shitty with me? I'll make your ears pop!
Dad's Lunch Bag Revenge
Petty Bitch tried to screw up my grade, got just desserts
A little slice of evil
Petty Revenge Victim
Payback against phony debt collectors
Bad parent gets no candy.
Perfect revenge for the upcoming holidays
My girlfriend broke up with me...
Ex-girlfriend who introduced me to reddit cheated...regularly downvote all her posts and comments.
Steal my hockey stick, enjoy your power wheels car flipped over!
That's what you get, prick.
Cut in line? I'll make you wait longer
Colleague used all my staples whilst I was away.
Enjoy your soda, bitch.
Did you just call me Mam, Sir?
Be nice to your pizza delivery driver
No one gets between me and my caffeine.
Well, if you call several times I have to pick up eventually...
I want to put him on blast. But will this come off as petty?
Maybe if you did your job we would take you seriously.
Petty Revenge in Paradise
Help wanted - email newsletter spam
Tailgating me? Fine... I’ll just obey the law
Cheat off me during an exam? Good luck with that.
Help me out
Slander me on social media? Hope you enjoy that F on your report card
Taxation based on your representation
If it's so easy to work for 3, how about you do it.
Mess with me and I'll destroy dinner…
A coworkers rant becomes my new voicemail message just for him.
Where are the spoons?
Nightlights can multiply
My mother the queen of petty
If I catch you cheating, you will lose even more.
Lazy roommate has better food.
Fucked with the wrong delivery girl.
Tolling a check scammer
You think you're using my only shaver,
It's your problem!
Play the same song over and over again? Our revenge shall be petty!
Teaching a class? You never know who's in it
Betray me? Have a clap!
Sweet petty revenge on my Partner.
Be nice to call center reps
Surpise for company 30 days after I got laid off
Bathroom cleaner revenge
Don't bite the hand that feeds you - My plans for revenge on an ungrateful spoiled brat. (x-post from /r/trees)
You're doing that too much!
Break up with me for a pedophile well here you go
Pass my legal opinions off as your own? I’ll add a choice reference material!
Daily Pre-Emptive Pettiness
Don't touch the bell
Put it where it is supposed to go, or go crazy.
Ask me again if I'm done yet...A-hole surgeon
Don't fucking honk at meYou want to get mad and cuss at me because you're stupid? Then I will give you a real reason to be mad.
If your golf game is on fuck em'.
Look who's the dumbass now...
Try to break up my relationship, get your weed stolen.
Push me out of the way for a seat on the train? Now you can sleep through your stop.
Help me with my petty revenge by prank calling/texting Mark at 5415545540
This is the end all as far as pettiness goes.
Cousin claps on kids in brawlhala, kids act toxic, get dunked on in the process.
That was a very important call!
Get angry at my campers for having special needs…enjoy an uncomfortable shower
Customer refuses to pay; car gets hit in parking lot
That'll show him!
Leave me a month before our anniversary? There goes your presents
Enjoy all of the photos!
Asshole Dog; Asshole Owner
Annoying kid shot a water gun at me...
Going 15 miles under the speed limit because you're on your phone? I'll show you slow.
An unusual method for an unusual situation
Yes, we know you were texting, your face was the only one glowing.
Petty Parking
Take my xbox? You haven't got any controllers now.
Grandma doesn't like how I say grace. Oh I'll show her grace.
Is it a sin to pray for someone to go to hell? Asking for a friend...
Man yelled at an old lady, then ate a saliva sandwich.
I can now take pleasure in frowning my father
Petty, and maybe a bit boring, but devastating.
Yell at me, no insurance
You reap what you sow.
Dont talk on your cell in the toilet!
Bully gets a small taste of his medicine
My Friend Got What He Deserved
That's not my name, but I know yours.
Clip your toenails in my room?
he loved that car more than he loved himself.
Chocolate bar revenge
Wake me up at 2am? Enjoy Westworld in surround sound at 645am!
"Go move that saucepan."
I need to stop living with shit people.
Don't insult your ride.
Hoard all the weights? Extra exercise for you.
Petty or Justified?
Yeah..you might need to change that number.
How to take petty revenge from guy next door who doesn't use earphone?
No Easter for you
Cut off the guy behind me? Hope you're not in a rush
Can't wait in the drive thru? Your order's getting paid for.
Staying naked in my room to prove a point
Nothing like sisterly vengeance
Scaring hipsters refusing to social distance
Shutting down the giggly teens next door on the cruise ship
Girl at work is rude to cleaning lady, I inadvertently ruin her life.
cars are red, snow is white, we the street gets together, we put up a fight.
A GIRL PLAYED ME FOR NETFLIX
I spit on my roommate's dishes
I secretly planted a Giant Sequoia tree in my mayor's front yardDenied rude member a free joint because fuck him.
Make me get gas will you
You understand retail and was still rude? Nah..
I don't know why there are feathers poking you...
I can’t go to the toilet? Okay
Constantly harassing me about the internet speed? Well let’s see how slow I can make it go.
Won't Leave Me Alone? I'll Make Sure You Regret It.
make me awake ? enjoy random calls
People at my school are dip wads.
Revenge of the Renters
Entitled Old People at swimming Pool
"No, you WILL be giving me an A in this class whether you like it or not!"
Armpit burgers served fresh.
It's my only day off...
Never push someone off a cliff into lava inMinecraft.
how to make quick service not so quick
Yell at the neighbors and me for parking in front of your house?
If you're gonna cheat, at least be discreet.
We live in a city what is your rush?
Sore loser gets a taste of his own Monopoly-flavored medicine
My sisters think they can get away with anything? Fine, let’s see what happens when I hide our sister’s tablet.
Don’t let the younger kids play? Get bamboozled with fake dinner
Let me just remind you of how out of touch you are with your employees
Don’t try to steal from me. I’ll know it was you and I’ll get my shit back
Little revenge
Give me a non-consensual back rub, No sweets for you
Steal prescribed medication from my brother? Get rekt
Yell at me for trying to help you? Have fun paying $200 extra
LinkedIn member creates profile just to take down ridiculous post
Think you're untouchable? Think again.
I got tired of trolls who are rude to me on Reddit.
I was careless with your health? Allow me to repent
Kid fakes mental illness, makes me do his homework by way of making me feel sorry for him, cheats on his girlfriend, gets called out and fails math final
Revenge on the high school douche
Turn Down The TV Karen
Fought my nieces mom becus I spanked her
I recommended someone for a job, solely for the joy of taking it from them.
How do I deal with rude ass neighbors that keep throwing dead lizards in my driveway?
Sister degrades parents wedding. I degrade what is essentially hers
Soccer mom gets the hose
Blindly, through the fog...
Toilet Revenge
“Heh, no I’m not paying that.” Uh, yeah, actually you are.
Post Revenge Porn on Reddit....go to jail.
Looks like you'll fail math now, asshole!
Rueberry
Petty Revenge on Teacher who tries to make me do needless work.
Shouldn't have taken my tea
Revenge is a dish best served by rocket launcher
Don't hit the party person
Put flour on me? I’ll turn you into a tribal warrior
Drive like an asshole and I'll get you stuck in a turn-only lane.
Roommate from hell
Retired woman plays the long-game of petty revenge by planting trees that eventually grew to obstruct her neighbors' views.
Petty revenge on my father
Don't be rude to your sub artist.
Wake me up and be rude? Freeze your butt off.
Nurse is rude, I get revenge for my dad.
This is how we are gotten back as a society.
He wouldn't let me use the bathroom so I peed on his hand, he thought I came.
You wanna be loud and Say "no" when asked to turn it down? Okay.
Son pays the price for his father
A revenge on disrespectful kids.
Petty revenge on tutee.
Are you rude to me? Enjoy paying €0.05 extra
He is likely still wearing that necklace
Sorry Mr. Bully, you finally get in trouble.
An icepop? Sure.
Anonymously telling them to go fuck themselves NSFW?
Screw me on Friday? Screw you on Monday.
Cut in line? I'll take the rest of their stock then!
Undertip me to round out your total? Not on my watch.
Neighbor's tree breaks my fence. Says he'll fix it. Acts like an asshole later and never does.
Mechanic Got His
Yearbook signing petty revenge
I used “musical torture” to break my lease early and got paid to leave
2 kids landing face first into concrete
2 faced roomie
Don't park dumb.
Screw me once, That's fine. Screw me twice...My Dairy Queen adventure
The borrowing of screens
Made her drink “toilet water”
Get password to peoples Instagram account
This is the Tale of: The Friend Hopper
My dad’s petty vengeance
Try to scam me on OSRS and go to jail
Why’d you bring nothing?
Get that consequences follow the rules and won't happen
Make fun of my love for K-pop? Get ready to wake up to beautiful
Throw that Kung Fu Panda crap on me? Fine, I have amnesia.
Drink my water without asking? I'll show you.
Need Help for Revenge
Noises
Play Stupid Games, Win Stupid Prizes
Starve the Beast
Petty pizza revenge
Need some ideas of how to subtly irritate a co-worker
I cut this girl’s hair off
You take advantage of my small size, I give your computer a "virus"
Screwing Best Buy and Lenovo 'cuz they screwed me.
YouTube celebrity, unpaid tab and revenge
Lying about your order being wrong? Glad you could spare 30 minutes.
You can make two beds then
Think you can throw me under the bus to win uno? Think again.
Waste my time? Just look at your cat now!
douchey driver runs a stop sign
Quick one from an auto shop.
Im disabled and forced to live at home, my sister and her friend attacked me over 2 songs at noon on a sunday waking them up. now everyday I start the day with that album. I've now moved onto beethoven to fully solidify the clockwork orange motif.
You think you can boss around students? Well get keyjobed!!!
"Gotta be smarter than the mice!"
how i quit my job as a server making less than ~$15 a night under crappy management
Today was beautiful
I hit a bully in the head (almost in the head)
86 Bicardi Limon
Kid bullies me i wnd his life
Malicious prank war - NEED ADVICE -
Milk is only for tea and coffee
The Chipmunk Effect
I am the Lord of my Domain
ye olde christmas revenge story
The final grade
A minute of your Friday night for a week of harassment
Bed Company Won't Reply To Anyone, Doesn't Realise This Works In My Favour
Something pretty minor turns petty
Help me get revenge!
I like my hair this color!
Always keep a Copy!
I do not forfeit my parking just because I live near a school
Phone scamPro tip: don't be a hypocrite.
A hilarious little revenge on a university prank
High School Bully
I need help, Reddit.
Shut up a loudmouth once and for all
Park me in? I piss on your car
Boss made me pay back trainings, he became my replacement
Counselor uses her authority &amp; money to help her daughter become homecoming princess, student body claps back immediately
That's what you get for tailgating
Mess with the fridge temperature
Take my car? I hope your ear drums bleed.
Hit on my girlfriend? I’ll wait till you die and fuck your wife.
Guy made a reddit post about how I’m a sexist, disgusting, asshole, then griefed me on Minecraft. So I did the same to him UwU
My sister didn't listen
Book Bag on Bus Btard
Tell me to hurry up? I'll make you wait.
Oh it's a neighborly day in the neighborhood...
Cut in front of me in the gondola line? Enjoy your trip back down the mountain
Idiot of the year
25 cent Revenge on a Rude Customer
Revenge on an Overstayed Guest
My yard is not your dog's toilet.
Destroying a paper for a bully.
SHE TOOK THE HOUSE, THE DOG AND THE 401K. BUT I STILL CONTROL THE THERMOSTAT!
Coat Revenge
Be nasty to me will you?!
You're new to the job? No excuse, Do it RIGHT!
Help plan a petty revenge
(NSFW) Revenge is best served salty and in her eye...
keep me up 'till one-thirty? enjoy waking up hungover at six.
The Q-Tip Saga
Have fun showering without towels
Petty As Fuck
My cat just wants to lay on the bed, no matter what my mom does.
Proved to my former sexist boss that he should have been nice
My teacher gave suspension for being on my phone. But everyone was on their phone. Petty revenge time.
Getting back at shitty neighbors
Enjoy your wet hands (really petty)
A terrible client holds the money he owes me over my head. My sisters roommate is a blessing.
Friend, that isn't my friend, Spoiled End Game for me.
CARTOON BETTER! BETTER FOR GRANDSON!
just an occasional jerk getting a taste of his own medicine
I want a canoe!!
This is my tale of petty revenge on an impatient dog.
Buddy gives my ticket to his new Girlfriend
Shoot me will you?
Tried to sell me fake tickets
Bully Me for My Musical Taste? I'll make you waste $5.
An event photographer posted a picture of my shitty ex looking sad and lonely at me while I took a photo with my friends
God Save The Queen
Anoying brother steels my earphones so i burn half of his pizza
A simple "I hate you" note made the class bully disappear
Coconut scented revenge
Boy hair
Airbnb jackass takes advantage of generous checkin policy and ends up out a Tahoe snowstorm with nowhere to go but a pricy hotel
Namaste, ass hole.
Your growling muffler does not scare me.
Oh, so you're going to spoil The Walking Dead for me?
Want to throw a house party? Heres a pool party!
My ex-boss charges a lot of money for his time (by the hour). I left and started a new job in the same field to get away from working with him. Calls from a "Karen" or have a completely out there situation that he can't help, I give him a referral to waste a minute of his time.
Ex friends play on my stuff without me
Illegally pass? I’ll slow down for you
To lazy to drag your stroller upstairs to your 3rd floor apartment? Now you think you don't have it!
As a man and being able to pee standing up I’m more than happy to put the seat back down but I shall be putting the lid back down also. If I gotta pick something up you have to as well.
Bully me in school? Let's settle this on the football field!
Boss
I'll make you take your hateful literature back
Highschool kid scams my (28f) boyfriend (27m), so I locate the kid’s mom on Facebook to let her know of her son’s ‘side hustle.’
Racist Teachers Treatment Of Me For My 'Perceived' RACE STINKS!...So I GET SOME STINKY Revenge.
Threaten me, I steal your girl
Use my recovery email at your own peril.
I didn't think "masking" my feelings was the right thing to do after roommates alarm went off at 8am on a Saturday
Being rude, to a rude person, today was incredibly gratifying.
Scam and harass my grandma? I'll waste your time incessantly.
Grandmother antagonizes us, so we cut her cable access.
Give us absurd amounts of homework? Lose your stuff like we lose our time.
Sending dick pics to my wife is a bad idea
Do you still wish to purchase it?
Slumlord screws me over - I guess IATAWaste My Time, I'll Take Your Paper Supplies
Make me exercise harder, pay extra money.
Zipper merge almost disaster
Truck parked terribly gets trashed
Need advice for petty revenge
I just wanted to help them set the mood
Free Car Wash
Be a jerk to your substitute teacher? Better watch yourself!
Road Rage in a Company Van? Bring it.
Shake Credit Card in Cashiers Face? Walk Six Blocks
Better "change" your attitude
"No, play my song next!!!!"
I've been lying in wait for 10 years to get my revenge
Got fired from my job.
Netflix vengeance
Noone can beat this level of savagness
Small yet Satisfying (to me) Story. Sorry for wasting your time by posting this. P_P
3 Second Voicemails
Customers who cut in line get exactly the service they deserve
It's 2016, we don't call people that anymore.
Bosses passive-aggressive skills.
I get revenge on girl that was a b***h to everyone.
No one messes with my baby cat.
It's the small things that get me through the day.
My GF's McDonalds story.
Block my car in? Refuse to move said car? Karma is a bitch.
Accidental Hot Fudge Sundae Revenge
Want to take my work? Have fun passing your easy blow off class.
Some 50k ytuber, who complains that we take things that he says 'out of context' does just that, and if i do say, deliberately.
Won’t let elementary school students leave because you don’t trust them?
My petty revenge turned full blown evil
The Invisible "Man"
Teacher gets karma
Jellybeans
Oh you want a discount? Sorry those are only for decent people.
Pettiest stepmom revenge
It was me, Barry! I spoiled you!
This is why you wait.
Would rather fail then ask a woman for help.
You want your food for free? Okay, just wait "a little moment"
6 months of mental abuse? No worries, here's a few months of torture. (X-post from r/Australia)
Don't wanna help me carry in the groceries? Enjoy losing water pressure in the shower!
Try to seduce my husband? Have fun with your food never coming out right!
You took 5 minutes out of my day, so I will pretend you don't have a middle name.
Oh, you want to steal a spot?
i organized a religion because i hate my teacher.
Oh, so you're in a cab, are ya?
Snap at your waiter, get a doggie bowl
I forced a driver to go the speed limit after he tailed dangerously close to another car on the interstate.
Help me write a revenge review
Sexually threaten my family? Get packing your bags.
Okay, if you insist, we'll do it by the book.
Douchebag Meets Mega Bitch
Good evening my guys. I need some help on a very sweet revenge idea. In a nutshell, 15 guys beat up my young cousin over a small chat he had with one of them. The guy got his whole team and beat the shit out of my cuz. Anyways, I found out who the guy was and I want a few ideas on what I should do.
So you wanna blame the disabled for your order not being ready yet? Be prepared to wait longer.
Taco Bell didn’t give me a tray when I said for here
Petty Revenge on the office witch.
Help me take revenge please
Tailgater tries to pass over the shoulder
Suck on that
Biding your time presents beautiful opportunities
(Advice) My ex boyfriend "diagnosed" me with an eating disorder when I dumped him...
Mess with the schedule, you will regret it.
Lie to me about that “work” trip? Cool. Have fun driving when you get back.
Student gets punished without evidence by dean; dean’s job is threatened by father
Steal my iPod? Fuck your laptop. A story from 2007.
SAT saturday school? No thank you! Tells me i'm gonna fail? Oh really? WATCH!Act Rude and Slam the Ball? Enjoy the WORST GAME of your life!
A trashy gift for a messy scholar
Dont like me? How about I make you look dumb.
You're getting the latest news I have.
Steal my pen? I hope you like pulling pins out of your cubicle wall.
I won't be around to clear that up.
Well I never said yes
Pay Attention or Pay the Tax
Snottiness Paid Back in Overtime
Trip me into the mud, enjoy your poop straw
Can we get back to topic at hand, please?
charge me 10$ for cleaning out my wallet a day early? you get the finger.Revenge for the horseshoe . . .
cold hands.......warm heart?
"It's a free lake, isn't it?"
The Fart of War
Call it a Delivery Fee
Mmm, milk!
Neighbor called the fire chief in this small town we live in...
The cat is the petty one.
It's rude to blast music in public
This is why we can't have nice things. Or snack time.
Ex friend petty revenge
Destroying a guy's chance of getting a girl
I got in a bitch fight with an eight-year-old over markers.
park so close i cant get out of mt car? enjoy the flat tire
Apparently reptile books and bird books next to each other is a cardinal sin...
Spooktacular Subtle Vengeance
I'm not some peasant
Stupid Brad Karen
The fat head coach who ruined baseball for my brother.
Your creepy comments didn't go unnoticed
Tailgate my anus? Get ready for the toot that follows.
ARTIKEL POKER ONLINE TERBAIK DI INDONESIA
Flat Tire
Guy hacks my email address, I sent him poop
You stole 5 parking spots, I got my revenge
Bully me? Enjoy having your face posted on Grindr.
You Give Me The MiddleFinger I Get Revenge
Dad pulls the plug on AT&amp;T
My parking spot
Human fire hazards
Enjoy your pizzas,
You ditch me at school to hang out w/ your gf, I get you grounded for a month
My reddit account was taken over by a former friend and our old boss.
Boss deliberately ignores me?
dont copy me.
Green-tea renegade.
Steal my clothes? I steal your boundaries.
Need revenge ideas/advice for rude and selfish roommate
don"t expect to be an ass and get away with it
Someone cut me off while driving the other day...It still makes me smile
Park along my whole fence so I blocked their trailer.
You won't wait for me? I won't wait for you!
Impatient man gets swift karma in drive thru
I've spent weeks on candy crush
Toilet paper
Leave your single dirty spoon in the sink every morning? Get your daily coffee five minutes later from now on... And I hope you lose that commission.
Enjoy Your Brownie Crisps
Learn some manners
Do they deserve it?
A slow burn on students
HA! I showed you!
DON'T LIKE ME LISTENING TO LADY GAGA?! WELL THEN I'M GOING TO MAKE YOU LISTEN TOO, WITH SPEAKERS AT MAX.
Lie to me about what's covered by insurance? Enjoy counting coins
Enjoy Your Damp Towel
Solo driver in the HOV lane... nailed!
Keep me from saving my game? Turnabout is fair play!
Sir, you have to pay for that!
In the POV of the person who the revenge was on
You can have the store but...
Don't t like my taste in music? - watch your nuts
Your lights are too bright
Leaky vase
Neighbors Mad I Parked in “THEIR SPOT” and continuously file fake noise complaints so I had to teach them a lesson
My Great Grandma got my Grandpa's bullies to eat literal horse shit.
Revenge at the county clerk
Gotta burn em
Petty, Buttery Revenge at the Movies
Remember What Your Car Looks Like
PETTY HIGH SCHOOL REVENGE BACKFIRES, BUT NOT REALLY.Little turd constantly annoys people in the swimming pool until he gets schooled
You want to egg parked cars at night? I hope you're ready for a taste of your own medicine.
How I dealt with my messy and loud roommate
Got Surprise-Ghosted, so I did what any tech worker would do.
If you yell at children, you're going to get shit from me.
Don't throw rubbish from cars
I reported my former bosses to the company ethics line.
Go on, keep bragging about your GPA
Unpolite asshole gets what's coming to him
The Mailman
Obnoxious girls get their food stolen while I sit back and watch
If you publish all of your raunchy sexual antics online, this is what will eventually happen, right?
You miss out when you work from home
Stab me in the back (not literally) and accuse me of doing something I'm physically unable to do later on? have fun being the nun ^w^
Prank war with my late husband (my revenge)
Teenage concert revenge
You want to decline my warranty? Give me those headphones!
Bigoted elementary religion teacher had it coming
Be a jerk upstairs neighbor, get your car towed.
I kept the change
I was nice to a mean girl to make her feel awful
Revenge, best served with a chocolate chip cookie.
Don't Pay Us for Our Work... Have fun explaining to customers and vendors...
Hodor, no more
Mess With My Group I Ruin Your Company
You two bully me. Teacher gets fired and student gets expelled. 5 years later I know why he did it.
One cheeseburger no cheese coming up
My Girlfriend Hacked My Reddit Account
Underwater Speed Activate.
Annoy me, I'll make you wait to leave.
Don’t mess with mom
I want some revenge
Some fire for your cold, cold heart.
Try to get me kicked out of the house? Screw your movies, my bandwidth now.
Need help getting revenge on an internet stalker
Obnoxious neighbors have their internet disrupted
Struggle with the printer, Karen
Revenge on a mentally abusive ex gf
You've been killing squirrels on your bird feeders for years before we moved in? Can't stop you, but it's about time you started dealing with the consequences.
Fuck you and your TV
TONGAN HAGRID
Shortsighted
You want to talk shit about me, I'll delete all your workI pissed on his Swinging Bed
Dear People of r/pettyrevenge
Annoying roommate and his girlfriend.
You stole my 500 bucks in front of me and everyone at the grocery store i am going to steal your groceries.
"I'm glade we could come to an agreement, "
Eating his chocolate really bugs my dad
Honk at me? I guess you're not going to make the light.
There was a guy in High School that would always hit on my Girlfriend...
Coffee shop revenge
I let my dog piss all over the crap she drags home.
Leave your dishes around? Sure, i'll move them.
Get off my back
Petty Revenge on my UberPool During a Red Sox Game
I love down voting mean redditors
Walkex (Walk Coin) - ICO rating and details
Want to play road-race with a station wagon? Eat asphalt!!
Asshole bugs
A D-bag invaded my personal space and ended up face planting in front of everyone.
Roommates get the final say in a mini power struggle
Park over the line on New Year's Eve? Let me just...draw in the frost here.
Wait your turn next time
I hope you didn't like those clothes...
Room mate owes me $100 for rent... and is terrified of spiders
So I was fired... before they wanted to apply me again later?Obnoxious guests at a room next door made a lot of noise. Time to teach them a lesson.
Tommy wasn't a friend of mine
Help wanted! How to stop a facebook page from harassing my mom?You got GOT Jabroni!
No respect? Enjoy all these minor annoyances!
Dear tailgater
BJ...the Cat (not the activity)
Don't be a bi*ch
Petty Revenge Against a Shitty Mother
My co-worker sent me a bitchy email. Watch out guy.
Narcissist mom wants more control, she slowly loses it all
It looks like you just pushed a cart into your own car. How is it my problem?
Annoying EKs at Movie
Camp Cum
Chemistry Professor Puts a Laxative in my Grandpa’s beer
If you won't do your dishes, I'll just leave them in your bed for you
No pickles, eh?
Petty response elicits petty revenge
this one day...
This was supposed to be our PS4, Hope you like lag
Be a dick to me about walking across the corner of your parking lot. Have fun dealing with city code enforcement and tree law.
Park in a "marked police only" parking space at Walmart? Prepare to sit and wait.
don't give me a refund enjoy having your kitchen table and around your TV covered with water bottles
A long time ago in an apartment not far far away
Hijacked a stool for my plants.
Be rude to me over a valid complaint? Fine, have fun not being able to use any of the designs I made for your event.
So that’s what management will do? Ok!
Lie to me and use me for a year then leave me for someone else? Expect pettiness to follow.
Roommate and dog
The obnoxious talker.
The super long story of why you don't want to wake up Dr John!
Just shut up and sit down Idoit (OK BOSS)
If you don’t tip
Fiances sister relentlessly bullied me. Apparently can't take it back.
Rude to your server? You get the bigger tab.
Is there an /r for real revenge?
Treat me awful and be a dick? Have fun explaining this to your parents.Sister ate my chicken
Be rude to me for doing my job? You don't get cake.
Got someone's Fiverr banned
I should have done this earlier...have fun with your spam-filled phones!
Merchant Services, Bane of my Existence
Not working for our presentation? Embarrass yourself.
Kid makes fun of me, i steal their 100+ prize tickets
Panhandler
Happy Birthday!
I got my neighbor towed.
Flyers kid. RG=random girl
If you're a dick to me I'll make you pull out your ID
I released a song on my ex-girlfriend's 21st birthday.
Sexually harass me? Okay, I’ll snitch that you have a knife.
Don't be an ass to the person ringing you up
Did I go too far ?
Life lesson: be nice to those who handles you money!
I flush your radio station
I Hurt My Health and Bank Account To Spite My Brother
oof
Karen shouts at me because I was having a seizure and didn’t make her food so I...
Time for you to move.
Racist Grandma
Threaten our front desk worker? Enjoy your crappy towels.
Waste my time? I'll waste yours
Hmm, I didn't know you paid more for ice time?
Move your new girlfriend in just two weeks after we broke up? Enjoy your car's panic alarm randomly going off.
Eat all my food and don't contribute? Enjoy your least favorite meals
Bought a shirt to wear every time I’m around anyone on either side of my husbands family after a lot of back and forth arguments
Wet laundry for me, wet laundry for you.
I need help getting petty revenge.
Break your mouse, then hit me with it? Allow me to kick back for a day!
Just a little bit of time wasting revenge
Leg day!
How I got back at an annoying classmate and got him to shut up
Jerk me around on the property sale and start insisting on the most inane items to convey with the sale? Watch me follow the contract exactly!
"Just tell me how much!!!!"
Neighbor likes to throw his cigarette butts on the ground all around my car, I kindly return them to him.
I posted this on r/amitheasshole but it got removed, but here it is: I destroyed my uncle’s relationship because of what his girlfriend did to me in the past
Live Long and Prosper
Sensitive Eyes
Say hello to my little, dirty car
Let's go Krogering
How my grandma got the Jehovah's Witnesses to stop coming to her house
I will take a picture and send it to you!
"This is my own private domicile and I will not be harassed…bitch!"
Whenever I sign into public WiFi I use my ex bosses information just in case it gets spammed by junk mail
You want me to tell my dog where to poop?
No parking lot etiquette? No problem.
She Ruined My BF's Life, She Stole From Me, SO I Stole Her BF
Parting gift for years of bs
Want to torment me daily? I'll take away the one thing you love the most.
Separate baskets
When a retail worker thinks she's a beautician
Payback in school
Don't want to give me a common courtesy? Mutual.
This dude who used to be one of my closest friends fucked my ex shortly after our breakup who I was still in love with. in the past, he's been made fun of for looking like Peter Pan.
Revenge of the banana
Being an idiot on Facebook
I don't know what to title this
Crazy roommate gets comeuppance
Attack me and tease me in my own house? I'll break your arm.
The time my mom got the person who cut her off arrested.
Annoying truck guy
Drunk and disorderly in a bar? Enjoy your face plant on the floor
Guy tries to block our zoning approval to screw with building seller, gets shot down for job
Road Trip Rage
Wave me out of the way with your finger? Here comes the luggage train.
Get out of my room.
Found my clothes on the bottom of someone else's laundry basket.
Looking for advice on how to get revenge on a Craigslist scam.
Try and get me fired? Good luck with that
I finally remembered one!
Here's one in the eye
Treat me rude, get a small donut.
Unintentional Petty Revenge
Open House? Enjoy the noise.
Dumpster Lids Must Close
Short Stopped an old jerk of a supervisor!
Let the cops handle it.
Not texting back
My mother insulted me twice.
Petty revenge pro tip
Vintage Revenge-- Grandma gets revenge on gramps for bringing new GF to her work
Owned
How to get back at your Highschool bully
The Dry Cleaners
You broke my heart that way? What about yours too?
3rd grade bully tries to trip me
That'll teach you to shop so late
Put your stuff away or deal with the consequences.
Try to steal my fiancé? I’ll help you lose business later.
Aunt claimed she would “be there” for my ailing mom and wasn’t. So the obituary was slightly changed.
A privacy lesson
Programmer VS. DoritoMan
Want to copy answers from me? No can do!
So I did something amusing to a guy who creeped on my best friend when she was much younger.
See how you like being fb blocked, sucker!!
Pet Cancer Therapeutics Market by Cancer Types and Animal Types
Bracket pool revenge
Selfish roommate gets a "taste" she deserves.
I'm sure the five red signs mean you shouldn't do that.
Bleached Upholstery
AITA for inviting friends over to spite my neighbour
Happy to do as you asked
Sorry, was I in your way?
Don't mess with IT
My ex cheated on me so I signed him up for the Scientology newsletter.
Peer uses pervasiveness to her advantage only to regret it.
Who's crazy now?
Shitty Shiela at Busy Call Center now gets extra calls &amp; mystery voicemails
My siblings are pricks. But I'm a bigger one
Take advantage of my twin while he's blacked out? Prepare to have your treasured heirloom defaced, scum.
the bandana story.
Be a seat hog on the plane? No lunch for you.
Listen to bad music? Don’t mind if I sing along!
Trashy neighbors glare at me for waving as I pass before pulling into my drive?
Steal from cars? Have fun crying to police
My entitled, snobby sister gets her comeuppance
The empty box.
Cheat on my sister then laugh about it? Utter humiliation incoming.
I tried to be nice but you keep spamming my phone
Shine your iPad in my face late at night? Let's see how you like it.
Want to miss your flight? Let me help you out
I finally have something to post!
I learned Origami... for Revenge
Harass me and blow up my phone? Enjoy dumb teenagers.
Professional revenge services
Dealing with neighborhood fireworks
A guy doesnt like that I blocked him in with my ambulance
Don't touch my fucking dog.
Sure, it's OK to go through OTHER people's trash
I'm a petty asshole and I regret nothing.Have Some Tea
I'm going to text someone all the spoilers for Avengers: Endgame.
petty theft revenge
A rude shoe store clerk gets what she deserves.
The tales of Nille the brave, and our first "robbery"... or my gateway to the criminal group environments
Wrecked my car, called boss in hospital to ask for the next couple of days off. Told me to be in no excuses.
Want to cut in line? You're going to have a crappy day.
Using the close friends list for Bad
Ungrateful roommates try to get me evicted. One gets arrested the others get a visit from CPS.
Sticky hand revenge
Won't stop reporting my puppy for playing? Fine, enjoy your $2500 fine.
Cut in front of the entire line of a roller coaster?
Smart Advertising makes petty revenge against the advertiser - Hillary Clinton
Want to stand on the left (walking) side of the escalator and refuse to move? Have it your way.
I hope you enjoy junk mail!
6 year old's petty revenge
Dishwasher Lecturer
Of Dancing Icons and French Keyboards
I Was A Petty 7th Grader
Retail petty revenge on skinny bitch
A lovely house warming party.
Middle aged lady cut me in line
A small one
My wrath knows no limits
got tipped $0.07 on a $93.93 pizza delivery
Here are the labels you requested!
Blast your music in the middle of the night? My dad'll put a stop to that
I hope he pays a lot
No more Fortnite, i’m soo sorry.
Want to cheat? Does your wife know?
You take creepshots of my girlfriend, I redirect your website to goatse
piss of my sister and she'll make you look like an idiot
You want to push me, big guy? Sure!
I had an undergrad lab instructor that was never earlier than 45 mins late and never showed us how to do anything, but would just tell us why what we were doing was wrong. He was just awful and blasé about all our struggles. I wrote this review of him and he wasn't an instructor the next semester.
A guys revenge vs a police dog
The BBC interviews climate change deniers for "balance", so I've complained to the BBC that there's a lack of debate on whether the Earth is flat
I was the other woman
Destroy my property? Enjoy my music!
You wanna call me names and degrade me during family conflicts? Enjoy your number getting banned from Twitter.
Revenge against my new puppy
Honk at me in the drive through? Enjoy your slightly longer wait
Ten years later it still brings a smile to my face. A story from my time serving in a deli.
I let my brother wash his hair with Summer’s Eve
How I made my classmate rage over a game of badminton!
Petty Revenge against my 8th grade gym teacher!!!
I got back at my bully. Twice.
Threaten to sue me over a $12 tool? Enjoy being pissed off.
Grease my car door? Time for some new boots.
Try to ruin a friend's 4th of July BBQ? Enjoy a free salad garden.
This petty asshole in /r/bitcoin
Rude lady didn’t want to wait in line
not really one specific story but something i've been doing recently
Manager bully’s everyone who works for her
Almost hit me, run up my ass, and direct unnecessary roadrage towards me? You probably don't need to be driving that tow truck anymore...
It feels good to be the asshole
Stood up at Denny's after waiting 1 hour and 30 minutes
An ex-friend lied about us
Use all the hot water and blame me? The tables have turned.
Act Like A Baby? Then I'll Scare You By Pretending To Get Left Behind
Everyone now hates my gossipy, two-faced coworker.
Smoke free campus
Try and take my shoveled out parking spot? Think again
How I got my rude, lazy coworker fired
Getting kicked out? Leave a little surprise
Screw over the neighbourhood and have your beach views revoked
My uncle and his senior bank account.
Don't be selfish in the car park.
I got revenge on my dad, for teasing me relentlessly over a fear of mine.
Human Decency Can Save a Company...
Future - Low Life ft. The Weeknd
Stay On Your Lane
Sitting on Instant Messenger all day instead of doing your share on the project? Nope.
You almost ran me over, shouted at me, swore at me, and now you want my parking spot? NOPE.
I ruin my brothers dinner because he’s too lazy to make his own
My ex is an alcoholic who constantly drives drunk
Revenge Advice
Talk about me in another language that you think I don’t understand
No, I'm not backing out of this parking spot
Abuse my generosity? Enjoy having your account terminated.
My party planning sucks, eh? It's okay, no sleeping late for you.
Some of my family is in denial about my illness so I'm taking all of my old crap from my childhood home
Wake me up mowing the lawn at 7am on a Saturday? I’ll be sure to make you re-wax your car.
Poop. Poop Everywhere.
tell my to fuck off? i'll just take down a few of your videos while i'm at it
No Tacos for Jockos
Cc in all the people!
Blow straw wrappers at me will you?
B*tch boxes me in at gas station and gets verbally assaulted by a guy who I'd just helped
The Ghost Town
Internet Revenge on a Bad Roommate
Fart on my head when I've given up my bed for you and there's gonna be trouble.
Don't leave Meat on a random shelf
The universe answered
Dont be a asshole to people who speak broken English.
You want me to return my textbook? Ok 🙃
How the tables have turned.
Petty girl steals my chair so I steal her space on the bus!
Sister annoys me with notes so I rip them up and throw them in her room
Don't deliver as promised? Pay my extra living cost then.
I left a rotten bag of fish hidden amongst the shelves in the back room at my old job
I purposely planned our vacation so my brother wouldn’t have to see his bio-mom
I want her to know that I know she blocked me
How i enforced my petty revenge on a discord troll.
The Perils of the Shared Workplace Refrigerator
Didn't get the memo
Always Read Your Contract!
It Was the Right Thing to Do, but I Also Enjoyed Doing It
Working on this revenge I need your help to do so
Call me a racist? I'll prove you wrong.
Roommate Karma
Lady gave her man a handjob in the back of a shuttle ride, I gave him a shrimp dick
Women hoped to get away with her rudeness. Not on my watch.
No Carrot Cake for Dad
Lie to me about getting back together? No game for you.
An unexpected shower
I hate MacDonalds ""
My thoughts on the different revenge subreddits
Got a kid expelled in elementary
She's not coming to this Culver's anymore
Shower guy's shower schedule
The revenge was on me.
Fridge raider
If you really want to show your ass, I will let you...
Dirty all my dishes before I move out?
Didn't steal from my ex, but gave him more than he wanted when he moved out instead
Gum
Customer has to wait 30 minutes for drinks... just because they were rude to me
ENDGAME SPOILERS
Car tire goes missing
The hidden AC remote
The creep who took my photo
Mess up my Minecraft world say goodbye to all of your worlds
Wake me up from my much needed sleep? Wake up to cold feet.
Pay me beans, don't get my business.
If you can't say anything nice, don't say it around me.
My grandma backstabs me so I backstab her.
Amway scamway
Roommate CoD Revenge
IN-N-OUT Revenge
Don't Steal From An Old Lady or I'll Destroy Your Porn
Hope you can pick a lock...
My high school bully thinks I'll be willing to stick my neck out for him. Think again.
How do I get back on housemate for trying to sneak past the wifi admin password and throttle everyone's MAC address but his?
Yeah, I'll have to wait on my penny.
Company is too cheap to pay proper wages.
Cheap out on my daughter's shower? Have fun paying after the fact.
Brat messes with my food &gt;:[
Entitled sport car owner uses two parking spaces...
Be obnoxious in MY store, will you?
Cut the line? I’ll cut my own way forward.
How to get rid of loitering people
Entitled woman on first date charges me $160 for her time, a $70 bill she ran up, and an Uber home. Hope she brought her wallet.
How petty would this be?
If you approve of the acts of revenge in this sub, then surely you must approve of the Columbine shootings back in the 90s
Rare double ended pettyrevenge story
Bullying the bully.
Bully Roommate Gets Treated to a Fiery Inferno
Wreck our careers? We'll wreck your reputation.
UPDATE to my previous post ‘Give me a huge task to do on my last day at work? Okay, I’ll leave it unfinished’.
Didn't want to come to my wedding? That's fine, I'll just send you pictures of it!
Revenge on disrespectfully loud upstairs neighbor
Deleted an entire page from my Bully's Extended Essay, fails it and fails the year.
Next time do your own homework.
Friend-dump me and make me look like the devil incarnate? Miss out on replying to the stuff your friend posts.
Another Petty Junk Mail revenge
Advice for dealing with downstairs neighbor?
He'll be handicapped...on the side of the road
Be a jerk about giving me back something I borrowed you?
College roommate
My sister got mad at me for wanting a lamp on while doing homework.
An annoying girl's worst nightmare.
Take my batteries? Fine... Game on
So you're going to keep passive-aggressively turning ALL the lights on and then COMPLAIN when you don't get your way? AKA "The Battle of The Lights"
You sad your Pom Pom hat broke here I will give you a new one. OOPS!
I got a $2300 item back from a 5 month long struggle by calling the past real estate business partners of my online buyer.
Don't think I'm sick? Think again!
Cheat on me then stalk/harass me? Listen to me bang someone else.
Petty doughnut revenge
Tiiiny pizza for the bouncer's girl.
My Amazing Teacher
I lied about a girl hitting me because she hurt my feelings
That'll teach her!
Movie night with my flatmates
Tries to steal my cab
Cheat on me while I'm in the hospital then I'll spend all your money
Who stole the candy from the candy jar? (Spoiler alert: it was me)
Cross paths with cross driver.
How i got a small revenge on my middle school bully
Teacher thought she's really intimidating and entitled. Well...
Give confusing instructions? Fine, I'll act upon it then.
Fk your grades
I give you creative freedom
Some girl gave out my cell number as hers and wouldn't fix the problem.
That's some nice clothes you have there...
Idiotic Old Man loses it over grocery transaction
Feral Kids Decided To Ding-Dong-Ditch Me Tonight, Hubby Thought Of This *Story Inside*If you let your dog attack a child and say the child was "provoking it", you're going to have a bad time.
Lugs or Drugs
Enjoy your wet clothes.
Don’t force me to vote and waste my time. Super petty revenge.
Mitch Hedberg exacts petty revenge for the both of us
Petty revenge against the Whisper App
Why yes, your sheets do smell funny.
Park close to me?!?
Simple petty revenge on mods.
Be a drunken idiot and make your sick girlfriend cook and clean for you? Enjoy getting sick yourself!
Nobody fucks with the Munchkin Master.
The Great Mint Gum Revenge
So you being extra mean Roasting me? Well, I'm buying donuts for everyone as you work from home, Karen. I NEED ADVICE ON PETTY REVENGES
Not eating those cookies? - No problem.
Watch who you yell at
What are my risks?
Don't park in tow away zones
The time i took down two jerks
The Cross walk is for pedestrians not cars
How to deal with bullies when everyone is a bully.
Dear HR, it's not my fault you're a dumb cunt.
Accuse me of breaking your charger, will you?
I was molested as a kid by a trusted adult when I got older I purposefully fell in with the wrong crowd to get revenge
Fair is fair. Female BTW
My roommate tried to get me to do his laundry
You treat us like crap? Prepare yourselves!
You hit my car? I wake you up in the middle of the night.
Bull in the china closet of people's minds!
I throw a American football right into a drunk uncle's face
Controlling my ex bfs a/c from miles away
If someone parks too close
My petty rage on a flight to Boston
Publically shamed by a toddler
Cold showers for bad neighbors
Found out my girlfriend cheated on me, I didn't let her know that I knew till I cost her, her job.
My boyfriend put Petroleum Jelly in my boots. So I'm advertising him as a Roach breeder on Craigslist.
Revenge is best served at -40
Paper serves up instant revenge
Steal my Work? Good luck failing!
Looks like you dropped something miss.
You want to yell and scream at me for asking a simple question? Ok, lets do that
Want to Loiter? Eat Tacos!
Speed limit? What’s That?
Fine, I will reimburse you
A very small bit of revenge for Jewish people everywhere
Trying to be fair
Everyone knows someone like this
Tell people to subscribe to your 1,500 subscriber channel on my 150 sub channel? Not happening.
Don’t shower? Enjoy the taste of your own medicine.
Steal my loot I steal yours
Don't ever give me blue balls.
Sorry I only have a £20.00!
Think my driving is too fast? I can slow down a bit.
Turn the sound off woman!
Entitled Kid bullies me and friends of mine for 5 years, and we finally get him back
Small breed dogs in Dwarka
I’m done picking up your crap
Borrowed from a friend, use your turn signal
My roommate has gotten on my last nerve...
ACL Vengeance! Possibly C3 Vengeance for you other cities. I felt Violated when she grabbed my wrist and pulled my bracelet tight. I felt violated.
Cheat on your beautiful, successful girlfriend? Well, you made your bed.. now you can lie in it!
Make me drive an hour and throw me under the bus??
Jerk office staff and teachers, including my mom!
Revenge is even sweeter when the victim makes things worse for himself
Sarcastic lady at the post office gets a small, but so gratifying comeuppance.
Mad that I got a role? Have fun being kicked out of the play
If You Give A Man A Cookie.
Lovely Fax Music
My history with peanut allergies
I make rodents homes unpleasant
Enjoy your wet seat prick.
Send a d*ck pic to my best friend? Have fun without a job!
To add to the recent trend of parking a-holes
Three years ago, someone tried to pay me in "exposure". Today, they finally paid up.
Dog Pooh Flinger
Enjoy your late night movement Grandma
Complain to the rental company? Then enjoy being slightly annoyed...
Gonna' make me feel like total shit? Watch me succeed.
Rude to me when I'm polite to you? Enjoy your floor.
Suspended Bully
You're Loud Obnoxious and You Don't Want My Help? Fine Miss Your Train
Whenever a car doesn't let me cut in...
Don't use indicators? Expect to be impeded.
Stop playing football/soccer in car parksVery petty revenge on an inconsiderate floor mate
Nag me about petty things? Fear my petty AC!
Help me mastermind a petty revenge against a facebook page of employer who scammed me?
BUUUUUUUUURN
Secret ingredient: love
Talk shit? Nope, not gonna help you.
Can't wait for your burrito? Neither can I.
Annoying Kid Begs for Attention... We give him LOTS
Asshole neighbor knocks on my door at 3 am for the last straw today
Try to withhold my paycheck? Have fun being late to wherever you were going next!
Have some ice with your water.
Cut me in line? I’ll block your car
AUDIO So this woman calls a radio station to try and get another date with the guy who ghosted her, finds out it was a revenge plot against her son.
Constantly undermine me and never own up to mistakes? I've got revenge for that
Get pissed because I refuse to let you stay in my face watch the petty flow through me.
Former co-worker revenge
I hated the people at my job so...
Leave one piece of paper towel?
My mother in law spent $60 in dog treats just to be petty
If you can't be polite, I won't help you find a job
I'm sure you'll love your order just as much this Wednesday.
sexist bar tending? have fun with no tips!
Enjoy those tips...
Steal my food everyday? Good luck shitting out Niagra falls. Plus, there's no where to poop!
Someone throws trash in man's yard, he follows them and throws it back in their yard!
Lawn revenge
Dear Impatient Driver, I hope you liked being held back for 30 seconds.
Mess up my Valentine's day mood? I'll mess up your netflix queue!
New attorney tried to delegate his work to me, I returned the favor by stinking up his office.
Nice porcelain dogs. It would be a shame if something were to happen to them...
I need help getting revenge on my brother
"have fun" being bored at work
Deprive me of sleep? Deprive you of Internet access!
To get even with my selfish neighbor.
Tabletop revenge, was never planned, but so happy it happened.
Toddler petty revenge
A story about how an entire island got revenge on two guys harassing a girl with downs syndrome
No time off before Christmas? Ok, see you January 1th
My revenge on soccer bully
You don't live here, so you'll wait
Double parker
Guy refuses to stop using facebook while at work for CPS, so I call his boss
A plan foiled
Steal my boyfriend? Payback's a bitch.
A tale of justice pizza
Chew your gum loudly, enjoy being stared at.
The dabbing queen
Want to show off your car speakers? Not today.
Coworkers try to force me into their theft ring and get fired as a result.
I dont deal with authority well
Does it taste funny? Well, it should
Can’t finish the project I want done because you need to mow no problem
Dollar Store worker made my day
Rebellious Teenage daughter gets scared straight by the Cops.
My coworker pushed her workload on me, so I ruined her summer.
Good luck getting your bike out
You probably shouldn't leave your laundry in the washer for 2 hours after it's done.
Drag race? Nah...
I made an angry old man MORE angry by asking him to "spell it", after he insulted and swore at me!
Ten dollar minimum
Manager makes a scene over nothing...
petty revenge... deli style
Not going to try and be quiet with your friends at 4am on one of the worst days of my life? I'm not going to try and be quiet when I get up at 730.
Make me run your business? Have fun getting bit.
This bitch...
Have fun with your moist ass cheeks.
You know what? Nah
Idiot on a roller coaster gets what's coming to him
Call me a faggot? oki....bye bye computer
Don't want to offer your own deal? I'll take 2 please
Annoying admirer? Hope you like statistics
Girl made fun of me on Twitter
Anti Semites find out they supported a Jewish organization
A lesson in Internet Anonymity
If I’m sick, you’re sick
Returning the shopping cart isn't that hard
The speed limit
Passive aggressively battle on me to me? Oops, your name is now changed. Again.
Neighbour let his dog shit on my lawn for weeks. Until I put a stop to it...
Made another soldier puke.
I got some petty revenge on a careless driver in my neighborhood
Mmmmm enjoy that view...
Two for the price of one
Spoiled brat ruins my day I get him expelled from school.
Involuntary time out
Supervisor had to take a long walk
I felt good leaving work today!
Roomate
Should I mention not using the sink?
New assistant manager tries to get me fired.
Break my computer? Pay for it yourself
Want to join "Ups &amp; Downs"? A Discord community accepting of all users (4500+)! We offer discussion from a range of topics including mental health, life and recovering from addiction, as well as active voice chats.
Grown women berated me about wearing a mask got kicked out of store.
Take my parking spot? Hope you don't have to be anywhere in the morning.
Fun at McDonalds - Maybe I wasn't very nice
A Ten-Year Old's Petty Revenge
I clogged a toilet and made my manager reach in and unclog it
Just a taste.
Man gets covered in sewage water after ramming my car off the road because he was "going to a funeral" at 3:45am.
Throw My Clothes On the Floor? Enjoy your Mildewy Clothes.
Ice and Math payback
Nature's Petty Revenge
Deadline for Revenge
Sleepless Nights
Rental company won't do repairs...
Woman gets smelly revenge on her cheating husband
Try to run me over? I'm sure that parking spot will be available any second now.
Take my dryer and clothes? Lose all of yours.
I made my friend (who bullied me all of the time) cry because of a prank I pulled involving a girl he had a crush on.
Hare Krishnas
Petty revenge on boss that wanted me to dress sexier when I'm bartending
give me 2 dollars, my computer and do your own damn homework
I hope stealing from me was worth it.
Inconsiderate Landlord
Won’t pay me back... Fine, I’ll sell your things
Take all my ice cream? Never again.
Don't give a crap about my package? I won't un-steal these cards!
Bei mean to my mother serving your Drinks? Good luck driving Home!
It's been a long time since I rock and rolled
Em at Infinty War
Hey, Mr. Jackass! Take this!
Frame me for plagiarism?! Hope you like being fired
Scalpers bought 6 SNES classics. I stole them.
Destroy something I own? Here you go.
Assholed at some random Chinese restuarant
My parents had enough of the neighbor.
Sponger gets left with nothing
Take advantage of my hospitality? Not in my house.
Try to elbow your way to the front at a gig? I'll guess I'll just sing to every song
Balltapping into Fabulous revenge
Petty Plagiarism - Revenge Undelivered - Need Advice!
Turns out there was some skeletons in the closet
My teacher likes to bs and lie about grades I have none of that
Don't fuck with cyclists
Waste my time, I'll waste yours Unpopular opinion: People that have been stuck with shitty partners should only post if they end up victorious.
Petty revenge at the fast food restaurant.
🤬💩🏃‍♀️🏠
Guy who spoiled endgame for me gets a surprise 72 days later
Abuse me for years? Enjoy being in debt!
You won't move your bag in a full train? Well now you can walk
Won't turn the volume down when watching Netflix, enjoy no netflix at all
Don’t take my clothes out of the dryer while they’re wet.
Got Revenge on one of the Biggest a**holes to me in school
Change my summoner name on LoL? Ha! A Future revenge in store!
GTA SA aids in my petty revenge
Short and sweet revenge. With some surprise spice.
You're an Asshole? Need 10 mics? Sure, just not sure what good they are without speakers.
Lock our bikes together to stop us leaving? We’ll see about that!
How I saw multiple retail workers get rid of rude customers without getting fired
A Karen yells at my autistic brother, but then her life becomes He//
No Happy New Year for you.
So you want to park where you shouldn't?
Enjoy a good cat-spam?
Loud Dorm Neighbor Experience
Too cool for me huh? You will be my friend and I'll make sure you hate it.
The Saga of Carlos, Part 1: Something's fishy...
r/nuclear revenge i am going to make your life hell
Spoiling Endgame to win a prank war with a student.
A Burger King's newly promoted, hot shit manager gets sabotaged
I had 1 rule for Xmas no News on the TV, MIL insists on watching the news.
Dad never says you too, only says thank you. Today I will have no more of it.
Want to tailgate me and I'm driving little over the speed limit?
Petty revenge - no effort required
Roll your eyes and throw your receipt makes the store alarms go beep beep beep.
Annoyed online trolls to distraction
Revenge on X
Passive-aggressive bitchery
Threatening jerk from Craigslist
Take my pen away before the class test? Yeah riiight..
Drive at me and not wear a seatbelt, say bye bye to that deposit!
Shovelling,
I embarrassed a bad recruiter in front of his client and employer (with audio)
Rude cashier
Kid is complete jerk to me for no reason
Don't make fun of the less fortunate, jerk.
No Discount For You
Anime is for CHILDREN!!!
Calls friends “thing” small then invade regret
I do the whole project, you'll get roasted!
Cheat on me and break my heart? Well have fun being single
Practice what you preach
Waited a year for this.
Sometimes my revenge works out in the long run.
Chew your gum loudly? Enjoy the vibrations...
So sorry I tried to help out with the dishes!
Don't touch my dog without asking
I turn off the internet while my brother is playing online.
Keep your homophobia to yourself.
Mayonnaise in my peanut butter? I’ll make you sweat
The highlight of my night.
Gave him a taste of his own medicine!
Abuse me and (possibly) cheat on me? Good luck seeing your favourite band.
All of the reserved take-out spaces were full...
Won't come down off the roof? Looks like you'll be up there for a while
Pizza Man strikes back...
Hurry Past Me... To Get to My Flight
Don't be a bitch bitch because you're unorganized
Spoil OITB? I will spoil something for you. (Game of Thrones spoilers)
whack those balls
She put ramen in his coat pocket
ROBLOX revenge
Thanks for the change!
I made $6 and my original investment was returned.
Thanks for being such an awful lodger
My Stepdad Refuses to Keep My Bedroom Door Closed
See We Do Have Tickets
You never know who you might cut off in traffic.
Planning some petty revenge,need advice.
Tricked my vice principal
The pot moocher
Demand I quick-scope? I don't think my RPG Agrees...
Bring Your Own Dishwasher Pods
Maam, No parking in the loading zone.
Petty revenge on a coworker :)
Is this revenge or justice?
That tip isn't for you..
Fuck My Manager
That one time I used my knowledge in law for a petty revenge
Somehow, I feel like this fits the "petty revenge" category. (Warning: Politics) x-posted from /r/politics
To the selfish man on the plane
Almost caused me to crash when you cut me off and have the nerd to flip me off? Hope you're not too busy for the next hour or so
My roommate was hospitalized today. I am not upset. In fact, I'm about to make it worse and the asshole deserves it.
Move out and leave a disgusting mess for me in the kitchen? That's cool.
He likes to hear himself talk
Petty Revenge gone horribly wrong.
Take my parking spot? Lose your tags.
My little brother kept me up all night for the past few years, so I made him fail his class!
Get shitty with me over the phone? You're going to be waiting a while for that software..
You Forget Sir, It Is I Who Holds The REAL PowerPetty Call Center comeuppance
Only pay my father half of what he asked? Have fun with half of your website!
Revenge ideas for petty land lord who overnight decided I was no longer the perfect tenant and texted me I have 30 days to move.
One way or another, I'm getting paid
https://ketoslimtone.com/keto-slim-tone/
Spoiled Endgame for someone who Spoiled Episode 7 for me 4 years ago.
You knock some things out of my hands? Have fun forking over $5 for a new ID.
College employee is unnecessarily rude to a bunch of kids - I get him chewed out by his boss :)
i ruined a girl’s grade for lying to me. on her birthday.
Assistant Manager got too big for his boots...
Push me off? I'll "tie my shoes" at the entrance to a slide.
Don't be fucking greedy
Need some petty revenge ideas
Bully starts bothering me. I get him in trouble for fighting.
Two stories + Same store = Sweet simple revenge.
Need help with some petty revenge.
Oh youre in a hurry? Here let me take 10 minutes to turn around
Solar Eclipse Glasses Prank :IEx-Roommate stopped paying rent, and got threatened with eviction. She was pissed that I wasn't too (Joint Lease), so she pulled the legal card. Landlord and I devised a plan to make her homeless and keep me in the house instead.
Suck it Taco Bell manager!
Oh, NOW you like me?
A 19th Century Tale of Industry, Feuds and Petty Revenge
Revenge on a cheating asshole
"no woman can show me something on a car that i can't figure out myself."
Bully ESL student? Now everyone thinks you’re a pervert.
Don't take a debater's pen
Roommate tells me to find a new place, landlord kicked them out instead
The Battle of the Toilet Paper Hoarder, as told by my nephew.
Don’t yell in my ear
Go ahead, tell me about your religion, but mine is worthwhile too, the same amount of time as yours!
This happened about a year ago but it was my best revenge story
Two short incidences of petty revenge from my bakery cashiering days
The punishment fit the crime.
Spam me with ads? Pay for it.
You Killed Me? Okay, I’ll Ruin Your Train Party
Airplane ettiquete breached
Guy wouldn't let me live in his home so I became his humble neighbor (Minecraft)
Cutlery revenger
Dodgy real-estate agent revenge
Mental bus driver assaults a me(student)
salty revenge against hotel managers
My best experience with a telemarketer.
So you want to steal my tips, huh?
So you won't give us those tacos you said we could get early?
Teacher revenge
Spam call me nonstop about my recent road accident? I don't own a car but sure thing! I'll play along!
A penny for your thoughts
I bought whole milk instead of skim.
Ride my bumper and then be rude to me? Not today, bitch.
Stealing my virtual stuff.
Beat me up? Let me get you kicked out of school!
If you cut in line at Kwik Trip, I'll post you to snapchat.
Moving to save the marriage? Nope, for divorce.
New Dishwashing Rule Backfires on Big Brother!
The Homeless Guy Works Here?
She tricked me out of my computer so i took her bus pass.
Brother’s friend gets revenge on animal crossing
Being the witness to your dads petty revenge is very uncomfortable
Can anyone help me get some petty revenge?
Call me fat then pretend to be my friend?
Nice expensive hand soap? Not any more!
Keep me up all night throwing stuff at my windows? Enjoy not having internet!
Don't ask me to move out and act surprised when I do
Should have just waited 2 seconds
Security guard gave me a warning ticket I called the cops.
Sister gets extreme petty revenge
The burrito that forgave my brother
I need help getting revenge on a cheater
You take away my sleep, I pissed you off when you're playing your game
Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge (feat. cookie dough)
Take personal info out of our group? Lets welcome your husband to the group!
No more gas pedal for you sir
silence can be golden
I May Have Gotten The Neighbor's Wife To Divorce Him. Very LONG
A-Hole roommate is an a-hole so I ruin his "game"
Try to get a laugh at my expense only to end up learning that I'm a former kickboxer.
An awkward encounter.
Adult daughter refuses to do dishes so I take all the dishes away
Ricer Revenge
Rude customer gets her comeuppance via sticky, delicious hands.
I used to turn off the WiFi when I was mad at my parents as a teenager.
The pettiest of revenge on coworkers
Car keeps getting broken into. Left them a present.
Don't throw you cigarette butt out the window
Suspended my phone line? Have fun paying for it.
Passcode
Revenge against my parentsPettiness Against my Parents
Kick my trashcans will you? Enjoy the broken toe!
Revenge on a principal
Left four sheets on the roll? I'll leave something else for you!
The slap of a lifetime
Lying manager gets whats coming
A girl trying to embarrass me.
Noisy &amp; Unpleasant Upstairs Neighbours
On a "diet?" Enjoy your soda.
No cheap cab ride for you! No shaded seat for you!
My kids are better at this than me.
Roommate moves out at start of month without notice, so I got him fired.
This is what you get for talking/hugging to my girlfriend
Your dog is off his leash? I can do that too!
What’s the pettiest thing you’ve done to prove a point
Friends peeing in a bathtub(worth the read)
Be a disgusting pig and ruin my birthday party? Enjoy the cold shoulder, or should I say cold neck?
Revenge is sweet... Or in this case, salty
Entitled mother pushes in queue but karma hits her!
Billy Big Boot down Shitagon Alley
Entitled parent leads his son to get a possibly fatal neck injury which leads to a principal getting fired
Ruin my last piece of chicken and Ill make your name a verb.
Use up all the hot water? Enjoy falling asleep ...
I still dream of getting some solid revenge on a bicycle thief i caught
Steal My Yearbook. Get Defaced.
A slice of petty revenge 🍕
Less of a story and more of a request for ideas
The guy that was fired becomes a potential client's decision-maker.
Petty pennies
My protective Dad
Noisy lights
Petty revenge I've been doing since I started driving.
Need help with a victory!
I just pissed off a 4chan mod by messaging him leaks of an upcoming movie
Revenge from the 6th grade.
I need some help- you don’t need to know too many details but all you need to know is that my brother is a serious asshole and I just want some ideas to get back at him after 14 years of built up anger. I just want something that doesn’t hurt anyone but will make his day suck.
Fishing illegally right off my back deck... meet the dog.
Don't lie about Sex. Ever.
Getting revenge on my teacher - the website
Prank caller gets annoyed and furiously hangs up
College Roommate would do nothing to help out...so I made sure his mess ended up in his room.
Customer neglects common courtesy, I do the same.
Helped get my perverted Sous Chef fired
Let me play you the music of MY people
Could you guys help with some petty revenge?
For the birds
Life's petty revenge
I'm a tailgater's worst nightmare
Counting the days until the lease is up
Revenge with Added Karma.
Got revenge on an art thief who thought they were smart
Bartender wouldn't fix my drink.
Petty Revenge at the Theatre
College roommate wouldn't stop playing guitar hero
Email passwords
An Answered Prayer Converts This Redditor To Satanism
Thieving Coke-Fiend gets what he deserves, right in front of him (and he doesn't even know it).
dox girl on reddit have school life ruined - story from victim of revenge
Cockblocked
Only restaurant workers will appreciate this.
I purposely caused a guy to run out of gas.
Tailgate instead of overtaking and blind people in the process?
Give me the silent treatment for something out of my control? I'll ruin your birthday and make you question your manhood.
My Neckbeard Coworker
Try to take my parking spot? You'll regret that!
Clockn’t
Guy griefs my Discord server, I strike back with an irreversible comeback.
Here’s your email list
(Long) Relentlessly make fun of my friend? I'll go out of my way to make you regret it. TL;DR at end
He won’t bother anyone any longer.
Check that YOUR house is up to code before accusing someone else.
NEWSFLASH: Water is a petty female dog
"Can't Let The Other Shifts Have Any!"
Don't put your junk in my face.
My dad's revenge runs from the third floor all the way down
thats MY pickle
If you constantly jerk someone around, make sure they don't have anything that could be used against you.
Bitchy roommate so I spit on the stuff she will touch
Not necessarily Revenge, but petty and Sweet none the less :-)
Self entitled 20 something-year-old woman goes to the medical lab and gets pricked by karma instead.
Always blame me for clogging the toilet? Enjoy your cleaner.
Dirty light switches
Good luck with the elevator!
Get me expelled, have fun ;)
Mr Pushy Ebay Seller
Don't plagiarize my work. (x-post from r/prorevenge)
My own personal revenge in progress
You dumped my clothes out of the dryer early? Have fun waiting another hour for yours to dry.
Don't disrespect me...in my hometown bar
Feel like dumping a project on me? I'll crush your ego and your GPA.
Fuck Credit Card Companies
Whats on Tinder is not what you always get.
You Want To Be A Jerk? Then Fail
Embarrass me for being proud of myself? Have fun never forgetting that girl rejecting you.
You want to make four seperate transactions during a lunch rush? Fine.
Daughter of CW3 gets revenge on Army Base worker
My Noisy Wife
Refuse to pull your weight? Alright,I'll leave you to the mercy of the English Lexicon.
There was the most annoying kid on my 7-12 grade bus.
Rotten way to start a morning.
Don't update your address when you move away? Your bills get lost in the mail...
Enjoy your first class seat lady...
If you brag about cheating...
Self-Inflicted Petty Revenge?
It's not really his fault, but I still need to be mad at someone.
Break my heart? Okay, enjoy flunking out of nursing school
Slow Puppy and the Perfect Cart
Payback to a Revengeful Piano Tutor (Repost from (r)Pro-revenge)
Invite Yourself Over Multiple Times? Enjoy doing nothing.
How to deal with obnoxious Christians
Blow me up for no reason? You'll regret it.
I signed my best friend's abusive (now ex) boyfriend up for multiple craigslist ads selling dildos
Don't take care of your pet? Guess you don't get the look you want!
15 y/o incel thinks that girls can’t like sports and says the n word while being as white as pigeon shit
Handicap parking.
Xena and the hole for an A-hole
The pettiest revenge that was a result of my overreacting to being called fat
My roommate really enjoys his cookie dough ice cream.
Revenge made easy
Satisfying Murder
Room mate who spoke loudly on the phone till 12am on the night before my exam...
The Look on His Face.
Refuse to turn off notifications to your old phone? Let me just flood your new one.
Sensory Overload
Make me live in filth and break my heart? Enjoy jail.
The Great Penis Incident
Use This For Your Dandelion Wine!
Gonna let your dog bark all day? Well I’m going to toot my own horn.
Be rude to someone for no reason? I'll make sure you feel just a little bit uncomfortable every time I see you.
I ruined half their concert experience
Twitter Notifications
Revenge on my school news editing partner
8 months later and I’m still patiently waiting for my revenge
The right tool for the job.
That's not my name
Want to threaten me? No more free netflix.
Belittle and Insult Me Over a Sandwich? I'll Enjoy Eating it in Your Face.
Roommate tried to start shit, I showed her some.You want to tailgate me?
Explain why buying just one item means receiving emails from that company daily for life?
Entitled woman and husband gets destroyed at the airport
Im black and i know kung fu
I want nothing on the top bunk
If you talk loud on a flight with me.
Post office prick
Put a password on the computer just to piss off my younger brother.
Fall from Grace
You'll have to wait
I'm a good neighbour
Kid called me stupid, I pretended to cry
LinkedIn Petty Revenge
Be a jerk to me and my GF? Get owned by your ex in Humans vs Zombies!
Don't want to let me pass? Here is Officer Karma with your reward.
Client is unreasonable, so my supervisor sends him a "gift"
Deliberately take longer and mess with my computer? Enjoy the extra search functionality.
A normal event in the neighborhood
He constantly picked on our visually impaired roommate so I fed him dog food.
Extremely Petty Revenge on My Dog
Get the fuck off my grill, ants
Mocking the mean neighbor
The customer who never tips and the owners who never pay
Standing up for my Husband...
How should I do it
High School Vomit Concoction
"Honey, can you help me with my X-Box?"
Bully me and my friends? Get suspended and held back a year.
Preventing people from skipping traffic in a ‘closed lane’
Keep texing the wrong number? I'll show you.
A doctor's petty dig at lawyers
Won't let people merge onto the motorway? Enjoy slowing down an extra two seconds anyway!
So you take my clothes out of the dryer in the laundromat?
How about you heat your tea WITH THE FLAMES OF MY RAGE
MY Friend Robbed my house with his 2 gangbanger friend's and i got sweet sweeeeeeet revenge &gt;__&lt;
Supermarket Revenge
Petty Revenge from my pet.
Linty Clothes
No, I won’t participate in your stupid corporate exercise
Oh you want name brand groceries?
If you wipe your mouth and butt germs on my cup, then I make you remake my order. Deal?
Dentist fails to file insurance correctly, cancel appointment
Don't screw over your cab driver
Where's my compact fluorescent?
Lean on me, you'll spill your chips!
Revenge is a dish best served...never
Revenge on narcissist ex
Rude customer steffed me
Lazy student wanted my lecture recordings- technically I complied
Don't push in front of my dad
Want a fork? Nah. Not getting you one.
Blink, blink, blink
Lock me out of my room and make me late? Okay then.
My Horribke Group Project (I posted it here becauce r/Prorevenge took it down)
Make me do your job? Say bye to your favourite pen.
I control your cable, bitch, so watch the attitude!
Just sit down and shut up idoit i have a meeting ( UMMMM........ok....."Boss")
Proving a homophobe wrong
Insensitive comments lead to missing out lil sis...
Girlfriend has a guy staying over for 2 weeks
Revenge on Rude Karen at University
Rude Passenger Hogs The Arm Rest, Then Man In The Middle Seat Teaches Him A Lesson
Johnny Quest
No, fuck you, I'm in the front.
Act like a prick during a 3 day camping trip? Fine, I'll throw a raccoon in your tent
Woman brings her daughter to the salon. While at the register, she tries to get it for free.
Reported for Drinking
cousin thinks he can treat people badly and get away with it....
Got a toxic a-hole banned for a whole week off CSGO
Someone parked in my pricey parking space.
Dbag kid tries to cheat off me, I make him fail the class.
Don't push me bro
Use the proper park or wait for me...
You wanna save gas money by taking a hidden route? How about we waste your gas money?
good luck with selling that
Girl punches me  in nightclub. Petty revenge ensues.
Un-shoveling revenge
Don't talk shit about me to the entire cast of the play I'm not even in!
Complain to me about stuff beyond my control. Guess I won’t let you back on the ride
I don't call early enough? 4am sound good? Good.
Landlord revenge
Did I go too far?
Sheriff's office get owned
Lunch time!
Be rude to me? Now retake your photo!
Don't ask for free shit. You won't get it.
Being stuck in my own house isn't an emergency? I'll make an emergency.
Girl made fun of my best friend's disability, so I left her a little surprise
Dad forgets brothers birthday? I’ll just let his colleagues know ☺️
Creative writing teacher sucked at her job (threw a shoe at me!), but I still learned to write.
bully me? no prob (:
You own the restaurant and demand that I tip you for terrible service? Let me introduce you to my little copper friend.
Ex Ex step mother in law crashes wedding to upstage her daughter and gets kicked to the curb and her dress ruined
The glory daysMy vengeful coworker
guy was rude on facebook so I cat fished him.
Stop stealing from me!
Girl rats on her brother for drinking a beer. Brother retaliates by scanning a page of her diary where she was describing what she did with 10 guys she hooked-up with. He posts the page on Facebook and he tags the 10 guys. Result: huge megalols (x-post r/pussypassdenied)
A very cherry pop-tart petty revenge
Mess with little bro, I say neigh.
Not serve me coffee will ye?
Because money isn't everything folks.
Try to change the rules? Fine I’ll point out every rule you break
Break into our car? Have fun being messed with
No One Rushes Me
Teacher read it herself
Elbows on a Plane.
A not so happy camper.
Don't block my handicap ramp
Ex feels like his child support takes care of ME instead of our child...but I finally got my revenge after hearing the BS for 4 years. I’m so damn petty.
Dont mess with me
Don't be a d-bag
Duplicate ads, eh?
I punch a jerk.
Older woman is a bitch, she has to wait in line
Threat was enough
Conditioning my aunt
Always be nice on the way up....
Don't cut in front of everyone, lady!
My Mom’s friend kept visiting our home
The best part of being a metalhead
Girl gets revenge by making man plan to propose to her, then ditches him in front of family- (I'm inspired)
Stop Copying!
Try to get me to cheat for you. I'll do the opposite
Pupil vs teacher
Mine is louder than yours
My boss and some coworkers have fucked me over. They got promoted, got salary hikes..recently I got to know that they all bad mouthed me behind my back. I want to get back at them, knife slow and twist it while its inside. I dont want to confront them, or reveal myself. Any plots to share?
Enjoy never having closure!
I don't swear, but Mr. Ramsay does...
Ex-Fiancee can suck it
Mom Exposes Shit-Talking Grandparents
Call me a faggot enjoy getting moried
Just a friendly wave
Want to get me into trouble for your mistake? I'll make you waste some time.
It's been 3+ years and I'm still petty
It seems you like being an ass to the friendly cashier at the grocery store...
Not going to let me help on the GROUP project? Fine then
Wait for the Packet, Asshole
How to deal with a terrible step mom.
Cut me off in a busy parking garage? Hope you don't my taking your spot.
Got my first taste of petty revenge as a kid, still makes me chuckle 25 years later.
Taking my bully down with me
Borrow money from me and refuse to pay back, while being sexist and racist? Watch your “career” burn before it even begins.
Thanks for your call
Dads mouth gets destroyed
The Queen of Petty Revenge and the Luckies
Great, now my foot hurts.
Don't like my sniffing? Have some more.
I deserved it.
Have fun with one less follower
Hooked a catfish
Popularity contest won using a rumor and a cup
Oh you decided to physically hurt me, you get to smoke an entire colony of my children
You *SURE* you wanna watch?
I'll gladly pay you Tuesday for hamburger today...
Being an ass means no hot breakfast
How’s your stuff?
Don't be mean to my mom.
Melting chocolate
Bad teacher
Come to the bus on time.
Please send dick pics to my trashy worthless ex
Rude to me? I will show you.
Toiletry thief!
A small revenge on my uncle’s wife
The Poison Ivy Pillow
Petty cart return revenge.
Racist? I'll make you look like a fool and you won't even know it.
IF YOUR BROTHER Steals someones girlfriend dont eat at the restaurant he's the manager of.
Mess with my exam? I mess with yours
Don't wanna clean up your dog's shit?
How to stop tailgating
Enjoy the notes!
Wake me up at midnight for "being too loud" and "Claiming to be asleep.". And ruin my fucking precious sleep. Well two can play that game.
Good luck repeating another year, while I walk off with the certificate.
Copy Shop Pettiness
Nominate me for ALS ice bucket, I won't react!
Facebook Spammer
My girlfriend keeps calling me a asshole for no reason so I gave her reason.
No, I will not give you those passwords you requested
Neighbor refuses to trim tree, other neighbor does it for him
She cheating on me but karma pays in pettiness
Neighbor parked in spot when asked not to
Cheat of me and accuse me of cheating ill make sure u fail
A redditor has been using multiple accounts for several years to harass users, brigade subreddits, and upvote their own comments...this post serves as my petty revenge
Make me wait so you can save money? You get to lose money
My type of revenge.
City type on EuroStar
Divorce me while I am sick? That’s fine, enjoy being single.
A better person than my mother
Accuse me of not working my full 40, we'll see about that.
Congratulations you now own a bunch of peafowl
Litter on the sidewalk? We will return your garbage to your store.
"Sorry ma'am, we have to cut the same size for everyone"
Don't Believe me? Have fun cleaning
Another gas station revenge story
Want to be rude and passive-aggressive the whole time you work with me? Enjoy pointlessly sorting through a thousand papers with no help or direction.
My calculus teacher scheduled our 2nd midterm for the Monday after Thanksgiving weekend. Any ideas for some petty revenge?
Homophobics unknowingly support homosexuals
asshat cancels irl paypal payment after receiving in-game helm
Reddit user spouts off random nonsense on my post...
Make fun of me I'll make a for stick at the tip of your nose
Call a moderator an a--hole on stream? Just be lonely for the rest of the stream.
Shared Office Bathrooms
Revenge on a cop
Biology
Gonna make jokes about fucking my married mom? Let me 1 up you
I joked about getting revenge on my cousin
Call me an hour before I have an early AM flight after your night out
Using my email for mundane things? Have fun rescheduling car Service!
The perfect way to deal with grammar nazi’s
Come through my cash after closing time? Hope you like squished grapes
I think I broke up a marriage, but not because I did something wrong...
Crotch duck
"I will eat your brains with a spoon"
Asshole tailgater in heavy traffic
Treat me like an "tool"? I'll make you miss your precious convention. Better get a new tool.
Has the Song for Phil Daoust been posted in here?
Won't let me leave work on New Year's Eve? Hope you enjoy cleaning syrup stains out of your clothes
Steal my beer empties? I'll get my sweet petty revenge.
A not so friendly reminder.
Don’t mess with my sister!
Reddit, why must I be this petty?
Take my Pencil? Well that's a nice phone you have.
Passive smoker revenge
Tailgate me at night on a bridge? Enjoy a wet windshield.
Water no ice huh?
Cleaning the Plate
TIFU by "hacking" my girlfriend's facebook and leaving myself logged into Reddit on her laptop.
Lord of the Fries
PLEASE spam this number
Give me an awful gift, time to give it back
You want to be a nosey little bitch? Yeah, well do it somewhere else.
MLM Owner steals idea from employee then fires him, ideas?
Another roommate who won't do the dishes
Ex-husband thought I was his new girlfriend and delivered a explosive message...so I made sure she got it.
Jerk that always has a huge call in order at our small sandwich shop declined his receipt on his last visit, and called later to bitch at us. This visit we gave him 15 receipts
Call me an inconsiderate teenager because of your bad driving? Enjoy a bath!
Kick my backpack? Have fun with the AP.
Petty revenge on douchey boy.
don’t like it? Then change it
Petty, yet delicious revenge.
Entitled brat gets iced coffee spilled all over him.
When the resident manager could never get my name right
So it appears that you're just standing there talking obnoxiously in the middle of the sidewalk...
A woman wanted my seat in an empty bus, so I made her miss her connecting train home.
Help with my petty revenge for "colorblind" friend
Guess ya should’ve answered my damn questions
Proving to past manager that her way of doing stuff is absolute shit
The lengths you go for young love
Ok reddit.. Help Me Get Revenge
Blame me for being late all the time? I will make sure I cause you to be late.
Petty revenge on my roomates.
Petty revenge on loud roommate
Little shit tried to attack my dog and I got PISSED.
Mysterious woman wont stop bothering us have fun listening to nonsense
Get mad at me? Have fun with the slow internet.
Catfished my ex then egged him
Sometimes Revenge is Worse than the Original Cruelty
My ex trashed my credit, so I got back.
Take a bullshit portion from my food? I’ll take an even more bullshit portion!
Crazy lady gets tire marks on driveway
college decisions really DO motivate people hehehehehe
Lie to the whole troop for years? Ok, my turn.
My laundry card
Be a douche and still need my help? Networking works both ways.
Be rude to me for no reason? I will kill you with kindness.
The case of the missing trash can.
You can pick up your change
3 year old son keeps pushing the baby over.
Kitchen Sink Pizza? Whaaaat?
How my mum drove my grand ma crazy
a little revenge in the classroom
My B-Day came Late, and this seller ate the cost!
Two years later.
Piss Me Off? Get Your Toothbrush Dunked.
I changed the day
Handicapped Parking Revenge
It’d undermine your integrity? What a shame that I have proof...
An ageist new boss tried to fire old employees
Up close and personal with annoying shoppers
Make me work like a manager but pay me like a grunt? Say goodbye to your last good worker a week before your precious Vacation.
The Pretty Weeaboo
You set yourself up for this
Train conductor tries to rip me off, gets thwarted by technology.
Always tip your delivery driver
A year long wait for a single answer
Almost hit me in the crosswalk and want my parking spot? Allow me to take my sweet time!
Share the Road You Piss Poor Porsche.
How I got back at my douchebag roommate who made my life so terrible that I contemplated dropping and transferring to another school (sorry, this is long)
Remember me, Dad?
My sister has a big mouth
Tell Me to Stop Knocking? Your Parents Will Think You're Troubled.
Work at a hospital, "burrhurr gotta grab my kids can I cut the line?" doesn't work when I have a line of cancer patients.
Victory Over Girl from 7TH Grade
Douchebag Coworker Strikes Again!
Home from $ 500 for a computer trading
I made my sister cry with r/nosleep
I Served You Decaf for Two Years
Delete my file? I delete your world!
Oh, I was going to do that...
Greedy A-Hole can’t play video games anymore
Highschool feud level of petty
Someone gave my mom's house number to literally tons of real estate agents
Reddit karma is a bitch.
Short and very petty...
Label your jelly after using ALL our supplies? Hell no!
Bicycle Revenge
M aunt got some sweet revenge on her jerk neighbor
This is just satisfying on my end
Teenager annoyed my spine by pushing his knee on my plane seat.
Cheating fuckboy exposed on podcast
Roommate drives me to insanity so I have a revenge shower
I accidentally enacted Petty Revenge on my High School Homeroom Teacher and only realized years later. Thanks, ASD.
Talk shit about my friend behind his back? Good luck with your grades.
Don’t Stop in the Walkway
A french streamer tradition
Revenge at its finest. (Kind of)
A customer was rude...
Don't belittle someone's accomplishments in order to make yourself feel better.
Stand too close in line and eat popcorn in my ear? Enjoy this special gift.
Getting revenge on my bank
Tryna to cheat your way through an AP class? Let’s see how the teacher feels about that
Oh, you won't clean up after the cat I'm allergic to?
7 years of being taken advantage of
At my last job a coworker was dating my boss and I found out. They lied to the regional to get me fired.
Rude to your barista? Enjoy your decaf
HELP - Need advice on how to get revenge on a lowlife scum.
Petty revenge for a fellow driver.
Douchebag Telemarketer
The time I got back at the High School witch
Ich spreche auch Deustche!
You can have the popcorn
50 Cent: The most petty of us all
Revenge on overbearing parent reserving seats in a first come first served area
Have fun:)
Guy steals $250 from me so I put his phone number online to make his life hell.
Don't think that just because you're in your car sitting 15' in front of me that I can't completely ruin your conversation.
Try to mess up my register and leave your meat juices? No thanks, you keep it.
Enjoy touching my bum sweat (F**K YOU CLIVE) NSFW (ish)
Petty revenge becomes more than I bargained for
Attempt to steal my food ingredients? Watch your food burn before you eyes...
You delay my work with incompetence, I'll delay yours with pettiness
Blame me for something I didn’t do? Have fun never going home!
Don't be a douchebag on Reddit
Petty revenge with more petty revenge as an encore.
How I got petty revenge against a stink bug infestation
Dont mess with Bilingual tourists, or else..
My phone on your business card? Sent your customers to the competitor!
Try to scam us? Enjoy spending the rest of your night in a cell. Scamming and alcohol don't go together.
That time I cock-blocked an edgelord
Are you being rude to me, your cashier? Enjoy bruised fruit and bread
Using my Spotify? Well then enjoy the music!
You're dirty, here are some roaches.
Grocery store parking revenge
Guy calls the cops on me, so I call back up!
Freeloader wants a reference
Asphalts &amp; Assholes
Don't vape in the classroom...
Slightly less bacon
Pettid
Just witnessed some delightful petty revenge on a shitty neighbor
Parking revenge on asshole driver.
Cell phone provider forces me to send them an absurdly small check, my pettiness isn't having it.
Annoying guy gets his just desserts. Or not.
That´s my spot
an admin from a discord server got 69,696,969 xp, so i've them 1 xp to ruin it because i'm petty
help
Take advantage of my quiet voice? Make a fool of yourself instead.
My neighbor has been stealing my packages....
Most people on sub are arseholes
My childhood best friend has been getting revenge on me for the last 10 years, because he thought I was a girl and kissed me on the lips when we were 12 years old.
Black Ops 2 petty revenge
Leave your clothes on the bathroom floor? Prepare for your favourite shirt to get drenched.
The $100 shortage becomes $700
Come to my Home Dropzone and act like Skygods? Nope.
Petty revenge of a Lollipop Lady
3 hours of leaf blower sounds
I was told to cross post this here. Bitch wanted me to do her work. So I did.
My Dad Gets Revenge
College laundry Conundrum
Bully gets what he deserves, or something. Pt. I
Tailgate me in a school zone? Enjoy going 40km/hour for the rest of your journey.
park in our driveway? ill make yourlife a living hell
So, you think you're good at chess huh?
Guy who tried to fight my boyfriend got what he deserved.
Drinking and throwing chairs in pools isn't cool. Neither is going to jail.
Don't mess with my save games.
Obnoxious Coworker Gets Blessed By The Petty Fairy
High school
Teacher gets what she deserves
Maybe you should clean your dishes
The weather outside my office is a violent hail thunderstorm, so I waited 20 seconds to let the mean UPS guy in when he rang the bell
Annoying drunk girls get served some petty revenge.
Spam the fuck out of this number!
They gave me stone-cold food
Steal our tap and leave your mark? Enjoy your hot and stinky Justice.
Petty revenge on mean old lady in the apartment below me
Sowing and Reaping - Taekwondo Style
Laugh at me while I'm scheduling your appt? Don't expect me to do my best.
Talk down on me? Enjoy your custard!
How I got revenge on a bully without saying anything.
Bully me and my friends, get wrecked
Don't mess with the sleep deprived parents of a newborn/toddler
Trolling the bad programming teacher
Hey yall!! Get some Xmas revenge for us loyal readers!!!!
You won't let me go to the bathroom even though I'm very obviously pregnant? Clean the vomit off your cherished microscopes.
My 2¢
Got pulled over today —accused speeding
Revenge is sweetest when it lasts for years
Burglars broke into my house and stole my TV
WWE2KPettyRevenge
Extremely petty revenge on a nasty 'friend'.
My teacher embarrassed me so I made her life harder
I got petty revenge on a woman that rammed my shopping cart &amp; gave me a dirty look.
Give away our reservation? Lose business.
Congrats on your promotion, I didn't wash my hands.
HOA changes bylaws to prevent dentist from setting up a practice at his home. He uses their own legal weapon against them.
My brother makes fun of me so I spooked him
Shit Apple
Don’t follow road rules? Have fun sitting behind me at a red light!!
Too lazy to clean up after yourself at work?
Instant Pokemon Card Karma
Egg my house? I hope you enjoy the surveillance picture of yourself that I left on your windshield
I'll sue you!
Dormmate gets physical? Me too...
I’ll make you come to work anyways
Class-wide Revenge
Guys Making a Mess at Walmart Argued With the Wrong Guy
Revenge on the Snooty bitch at my kid's school.
Don't want to move your guitar case? Fine I'll just hit it.
I'm not loud, you're fucking sensitive.
Try to keep me from seeing my "other family"? Have fun suffering no consequences whatsoever......
Hate being at school so much that you make it a nightmare for everyone else? Enjoy summer school!
Goodbye, you evil bitch.
Company was going to fire me after a great "development plan"
Need help getting petty revenge
Just a little bit of pink spray paint
The sign says “Slow down, low tracks”
A drunk man comes into my store late? Have fun getting your card in the morning!!
Catfished my ex
Let A Slow Moving Buttnugget Have His Work Soaked
Who are you again?
Petty Revenge against my Step-Brother
That's what you get.
Borderlands 2 Revenge
Enjoy the ride assholes
Scam callers
Trash Refund
Let me paint you a picture, of petty-bolical proportions.
Petty Milk Revenge with a karen
I'll just fill every single one of your work days with mild annoyances.
parking lot justice: a towed car and a black eye
Fuck my sister? I'm gonna fuck up your life. (Long Story)
Karen’s son, tommy, hit my car door with his own.
Petty revenge isn't supposed to be nice
In Which OP is accosted by a Racist Old Lady.
Punk 2 inches from my car.
Ex-boss fired me on my first day of vacation, via facebook...
He wanted ALL his stuff back, so I made sure he got everything.
I designed my sisters tattoo. It's the flying spaghetti monster. She has no idea.
The Coincidental Ski Accident
I pushed my friends chair because she done it to me
Can't be bothered to put your cart away and you're fine with letting me take the blame? Good luck driving off after I strategically move it
How I got revenge on my bully
My future revenge
You want to play dance of thermostat? Don't mess with an STEM major.
Grades Rivalry
My new friends
I hate it when people forget their manners
(does this belong here)not way to sad story about dogs
Using my Xbox when I want to use it? Enjoy the movie!
If you ghost me for an appointment, I'll ghost you too.
Got tired of arguing with them about the broken treadmill!
You used to be a "cop" and now you're getting arrested by them.
CLEAR water bottles aren't allowed
Mopeds are not bicycles. (x/post from AskReddit)
Petty revenge is a dessert best served cold
I just found the subreddits official theme song.Disgruntled Janitor Revenge
Stop leaving open food aver night at work!
Make my mom cry? Enjoy the obnoxious noises
I guess I won't reset the machine...
My first revenge: or how I'm costing someone ten more dollars a month because they're an asshole.
“She pissed me off because she told me I couldn’t”
A bull-headed gamer loses horribly by my hand.
Petty revenge: Bridal shower edition
No one gets to eat lunch today
Coworkers threatened to jump me for calling out poor work behavior. Friend got fired and took them with him
Wanna leave me? I hope you choke on avacados!
Update: Handicapped Man Gets Back at Woman
Kid steals my airsoft gun and gets a surprise
I think someone is currently petty revenging the shit out of me...
Wake me up by cooking? Well, looks like you aren't eating...
Mum had an affair.
Ex-roomie entitled to my crap? Fine, I'll hide it then
Want me done cleaning by 6:45?
is there a way for someone to find out If I register their email at MailBait?
Boyfriend's Petty Revenge
Pre-story update thing
Wheres my cup??Chat during a classical concert? Enjoy the view of my back!
I hope I scuffed your shoe
I insulted a guy after he accuses me of committing a federal crime
Won't give me my $50 bonus? Fine, enjoying losing $10,000.
You're lucky I only cut you off
Yes, I understand it's a public street; now let's learn the difference between legality and civility, ok?
Tell me to fuck off and leave me paying for transport? Enjoy downloading 30GBs over the school's crappy wifi!
My sister wouldn’t let me sleep so I didn’t let her
Petty jealousy in a relationship
Ex Friend refuses to pay me for a bed I sold him. I can I discreetly make it unusable for him?
The bag and the airplane seat.
Make my second grade year a living hell? Of course I want to remember you!
Don't think I speak your language?? Surprise, surprise... I do
Killed my former tenants’ weed plants...My fuck that felt good...
perspective on this situation- could this backfire?
Asshole, passive aggressive neighbor gets to taste my the wrath of my Christmas Spirit
Want me to clean that bio mess? Enjoy the fallout.
"That kid" takes the headset i want when he is not allowded to.
Sister got owned!
Friend blows off day planned because I was talking to my nan
Petty Laundry
Don't do your worklist? I'll give you more work.
Two birds with one stone
Drink my water will you?
Friend turned bully and I put him in his place by committing the best kind of social sabotage.
this my first story lmao.
Keep me awake parting until 5:45am? Whoops, my Jeep alarm system keeps malfunctioning.
Lazy ass brother finally does shit
Karen keeps pulling out her phone during a movie screening so I... oops... kick her seat
Cheat on my friend? Enjoy your rubber bands!
The leftover pizza
Getting Engaged Before Her
"Cheap" Vacation scam/spam phone call ends on a sour note
You should study more rather than asking for help
Passive aggressive petty parking revenge.
What comes around goes around.
Fuck you and your shitty dubstep
My 6 year old niece bit my uncle, so he bit her back.
Come on, step it up!
Dealing with a Biatch of a co-worker
How do I piss off an HOA?
Teacher calls police on a drum circle. What if they were potheads?? I scared her enough to lower her usage of 9-11
I had sex in my roommate's bed while she's out of town.
Dog slobber seal
Who pooped the bed?
Socks to be you!
Don’t want to give me MY Nintendo switch back? Enjoy your play time.
Try to ruin a good thing for everyone? I'm going to ruin your day
She used me, i got even...
Steal my food? Enjoy your pig fat toast.
Don't let me pick up my toothbrush? Sleep well!
Play Bejeweled on the bus? Fine, you'll miss your stop.
Cuddleblocking dog
My GFs father is blackmailing us
Make an excuse, get it right back!
Ex financial advisor got leveled
Dealership wouldn't stop calling me to come buy a POS vehicle and wouldn't take no for an answer.
Take that, Ex!
Playing loud music and refuse to turn it down? Little do you know I used to be a semi professional DJ
Aunt refuses to help with grandma's funeral expenses, I get my revenge on her
PSN hackers are terrible
You never know who might be listening
I was used by this girl, but i got my revenge
Enjoy your "new" stapler, asshole.
I'd rather drink a six-pack of beer...
Counselor's Revenge
You get me in trouble have fun getting yelled at
Don't turn off my computer!
In the holiday spirit!
Loudly clip your nails at your desk? Enjoy your decaf.don't upset someone who has all of your passwords
I mean, it IS called petty revenge, right?
Revenge on a traitor classmate
Mess with a llama? Enjoy being locked out of the washroom after you get spit on.
My flatulent response to robocalls
'Forget' your support staff during lunch? Have a satisfying dose of petty :)
Guy made us lots of money by stealing from us. And he ruined his career.
Ex cheats with best friend and gets pregnant
Mindlessly Tossing Out Your Cigarette? OK, I'll just Toss It Back In!
My teacher turns out to be a "feminist" nut job... so I write an essay
Don't leave your keys lying around
Oh, you fuckers think you can have the last laugh? I don't think so.
Some instant karma mixed with a bit of petty revenge.
Gringo price? Gring oh no you didn't!!
Idaho Snowman (the not plagiarized version)
I made a kid get a 0% on his test...
took a friend to go see TFA after ive seen it
Won’t let me go to the toilet to vomit? Then I’ll just have to vomit on u
My ex tried to rub his new sex life in my face
Roly Poly Fish Heads
piece of shit roommates
I don't like to be hung up on...
You want an American moderator? Sure thing.
Advice wanted
Treat me like absolute shit and favour my lazy, incompetent colleagues instead? Okay then, you only get 1 week’s notice of my resignation.
DoorDash Class Action Lawsuit: Over $1 Billion of Your Tips Gone!
Husband pissed off at boss, exacts petty revenge
Pay Per Click + Auto Click = Closure
Fake doctor's note leads to denied unemployment.
Being annoying every day? Good luck with being friends again.
Do you want Chocolate? Nope!
Have a pleasant walk
Friends been being an asshole need ideas
Park across two private residential spaces? Enjoy your karma.
Don't want to pay your way? Get your own damn mail.
Eat all the Pizza? No drinks, and have fun with whatever crap dinner you cook up. And the game.
Rum revenge
Accuse me of stealing your toys? Enjoy thinking you shit your pants! (Remembered this after reading other post about pranking wife)
Never tailgate me on my ATV.
How I got my middle school bully to move away.
Board of Directors take down
Cousin demand video games. I stretch the screen res.
Nothing can happen to my fancy Mercedes
Steal my lunch? Enjoy a painful day on the toilet.
Petty patient revenge at the hospital
An impromptu parking guard's pettiness
Act like jack-asses in public? Enjoy *this* aroma!
Don't pay your bills? Enjoy your high speed internet!
Parking
Skip my turn while I'm in the bathroom? Have fun at work tomorrow with no sleep
Asshole Lane - Sitting in Traffic
Blow weed smoke at me through the drive thru window? Enjoy some change!
Steal my dress? I hope you like not having any utilities...
My dog was a jerk, so I was too.
Take that, rude caller.
After visiting a company's website and applying, if I don't get the job I will click the shit out of all the retargeting ads they serve me.
Never cut in line...
"Faggot"? Really?
I need helps scheming
Petty revenge battle between myself and the cleaner at work.
I want a ride (points gun at my head). (Video game)
Mess with my bro, I’ll mess with you
Group leaves me to write paper by myself.
You dare splash me?
Steal my sense of security? I'll steal your stuff.
OP's fiance leaves him for the would-be best man of their wedding. Former best man left his Wii at OP's place. Pettiness ensues. (x-post from /r/funny by /u/PM_me_your_jeep)
You won’t let me eat here, let me enjoy myself
A call for revenge to a disrepespectful kid
Shitty roommate gets locked out.
Pure Karma
Bring your ex round without telling anyone? Have rotting fish socks.
Mow the her yard even though it was cut yesterday.
No coffee for Dick
Beating my step cousin with being better.
Learn to park, seriously.
You think you can pour beer on me? Think again.
EARNING MONEY TIPS
I'm watching a so called "18+ Anime" so that makes you think that you can get me arrested?
So this guy was stealing my cookies...
my mom one time grounded me for not eating my vegtables, you know what i did? i cut off her head and skull fucked the shit out of her eye sockets, then i ground up her body fucked it some more and fead it to my dog. reddit when was the last time YOU got friend zoned?
Dumping your thrash in the nature? I think not....
I trashed a bathroom because my middle school bully's dad worked as a janitor there
Very mild revenge, but revenge nonetheless.
I need the power of the internet's help on this one
I Crop Dusted an Entire BART Train in San Francisco
Lazy kid doesn't want to help, gets what he deserves
Get us into the newspaper for cutting part of your tree thats in our yard? Ok.....
Bedroom wash
Group Revenge
Boyfriend cheated on my on our anniversary.
Your going to play obnoxiously loud music - say goodbye to you internet access.
Friend encountered a douchebag parker... Goodluck to then... ;)
Revenge on cigarette butt boy...feels so good.
Grumpy impatient bitch gets emotionally scarred
Cashier on a Cell
My dad is a huge cunt. So, I spat in his drink and served it to him.
Oh, you like pristine white towels Stepfather! how bout a tiny inconspicuous spot of blood in the corner!
Petty tit for tat.
Traveled 2 hours to see a concert and he tried to sell the tickets to someone else
Good Riddance
Group of grumpy old people glared at me, so I left them with a raunchy fart
Anyone here ever been called out by the person they took revenge on?
Yell at me for doing my job lose it business
Would love some ideas
Ratted out on my college roommates for being loud after 2 pm.
A Tale of Mr. Beaver
Want to be passive aggressive? Prepare your eardrums.
Lost in Transit....
sloppy dog turds
Popeye's kill them with kindness (petty) revenge
Rowdy teens refuse to be quiet during a long car ride. So Dad kicks them out of the car.
You bully me, I screw your sister, call it even? slightly NSFW
Pick your nose and cough right next to me? Enjoy losing your coursepack.
Revenge without doing anything
Revenge on bad driver
The time I made the annoying kid leave me alone
Please Just Wait Your Turn.
Rumors come back around
Amazon reviewer has some amazingly petty revenge on his ex-wife. (x-post /r/justiceporn)
Eddie is the fag god
New "Credit Card Services" shenanigans.
two weeks notice means I'm burning bridges? let me show you what a burnt bridge really looks like
Roomie steals my things so I cleaned her toothbrush!
I need petty revenge advice: food thief at workIn which I get my annoying roommates evicted
This happened about a year ago, but I just found this sub, so here goes.
So... I did a booboo!
Here's your extra centimeter of soda
EM accuses me of breaking law. I get revenge on son
Don't be rude to the people who count your money.
I guess you could say I take copyright very seriously...
I get back at kid who sexually harasses my best friend.
My dad kept asking me to get him soda
FIL will never say my son looks "gay" again.
I need some help you evil geniuses
Stop washing your car!! I want to wash mine!! OK Keren
Help me get my petty revenge
Try to push me out of the parking lot? Guess you need to walk a mile extra.
Punk Step Brother
Dealing with an annoying customer.
I exposed my friend who acted like a child.
Screw with an Autistic Asylum Seeker, will you?! Enjoy living off the grid.
Girl had this coming
The best petty revenge.
Got petty revenge on my older brother when we were much younger
A Petty Street Parking Battle
Breakup revenge fantasy
Behave like jerk and lose your chance to get the iPhone you want
A teacher's revenge
Happy Halloween Asshole!
Break my heart? I’ll ruin your love life
I get a kick out of kissing my partners before each other
Slap Me? I good luck getting home.
Keep me up at night, will you?
You should have let me gone home
You cheat on and abuse me? Nope, Countered.
Don't invite little bro to Thanksgiving? Watch baby brudda get ultimate revenge
A scammer tries to rob us, but he gets what he deserves
I destroy a bitchy teacher with hot sauce.
Oblivious to a green on a notorious fast changing light.
Universal disliked Manager keeps calling and texting me with work related things at home. Doesn’t expect consequences.
I spent 10 minutes this evening composing a post when my cat walked across the keyboard and
Seeking advice on how to carry out a petty revenge
Hurt my foot? No poop for you!
Hope you enjoy your coffee!
Friend accidentally got back at her ex by having him rack up 17k in debt in his own name.
A taste of your own ketchup
I'll just dig my nail into your side
a bus trip to remember.
Keep annoying me and then challenge me to a drawing competition? I'll go all out on you, ya turd.
Teenage driver
Don't acknowledge me after I help you? Well...
Don't throw away my cheese.
My Coworker Took My Whiteboard
Laundry Pettiness
I took over an entire discord server because they muted me!
Inappropriate guests? My cat will pee where you sleep.
Be an asshole and and sit in the high schoolers only section? Have fun being hot!
Going to bed mad...petty revenge
Added my name on her boyfriend's bucket list
I ruined a teachers reputation because he stalked my sister 10 years earlier.
Some coworker being needlessly rude
Two ignorant concert goers get a small taste of booger
Blowhard Gets Fished
I can't wash the dishes? You can't eat. (Revengineering)
My vile upstairs neighbors drove me to the brink of insanity.  I did what I could to return the favor.
You break our window, I throw dog poop at your house
Brother takes petty revenge into his own hands
Petty Candy Crush Revenge
Cheating husband congratulates on cheating wife's new pregnancy through Facebook. Drama ensues. (Episode two)
Pissed ants
Can't wait 2 seconds for me? Enjoy wasting a couple of minutes more.
Devil kid gets what's coming
Want my dog to get ran over? OK.
You just wanna talk in class?No prob
Lie to Your Girlfriend? Neither have any idea of my revenge
I don't like people who only talk to me when they need something...
Old-School (literally) Petty Revenge
Be impatient, enjoy the heavy lifting
Don't be loud and obnoxious
“See how it feels?”
You're dirty, here's some roaches.
Trying to sleep? Let the dishwasher play you the sound of its people.
Try and give me a bunch of shit? I'll give it right back to you, literally.
My pettiness is worse than my mathTwo free americanos? You got it... just with decaf
Great work, now get out!
Roller coaster revenge
Don't be a dickhead manager
A Neo-Nazi gets sweet sweet revenge.
Team Player mode it is
That one time TSA made me smile
I love making more money than my shitty former teachers
Dirty Computer Screen
Enjoy your shitty quality movie.
Perfect little petty revenge on terrible roommate
Taxi driver hits my cousin's dog with his taxi , we make him crash his taxi into a house
Takes A Dick Roommate to Know One
You will clean my vomit since you took my drink (xpost from r/MaliciousCompliance)
I know where to sign a document!
Estate agent wasted our time... we wasted his
My Friend bullied me so I broke his heart
Tailgate Karma
Like not putting in effort? F for you and an A for all of us!
If I run into a patronizing ex, and they (patronizingly) say "Good to see you," what's the most artistically passive aggressive way I can respond?
A good day to know a foreign language
Won't do your job? I have an attitude? Reverse UNO!
Petty Popcorn Revenge
Banning me from a group? I will ban you for life.
Cut me off thrice and steal my parking space? earns your black car yellow stripes
My in-laws opinions
That's what you get for driving like a jackass.
Be a petty teacher? Deal with me ruining your class for the rest of the semester.
Late Bloomer Finally Gets Chance To Smack Down Bully From Middle School, And Does It Brilliantly
So I decided it would be a funny idea to fart in my cat Xavier's face
Lunch recess revenge
He ended up having a miserable three weeks
Guy had rudely rejected me years ago. He hit me up a few days ago.
Five shitty months after my ex cheated on and left me, I got my own small story of petty revenge to tell.
Thought this lost might belong here.
Won't let me leave when my work is done? That's cool, I'll just undo it.
Make the last hour of my shift even worse? I’ll be taking those two bucks back, and your dignity.
Revenge on two at once!
"It's not that serious."
From Mr nice guy to IDGAK boy..
Bad date left me with the bill, I left him with a surprise
Jumped the crowd and stepped on food?
No horn? No problem.
Bitch stop tailgating me and other cars!
studying paid off
Petty office move.
My neighbors water is leaking, but because they have a dog that barks constantly I haven’t told them.
Keep littering at our bus stop? Guess I'll have to embarrass you in front of your family.
Petty office revenge.
Never, ever, mess with the chef...
No baked goods for you!
I feel like I may have overreacted. But fuck it. Bastard deserved it, but then again... don't they all?
Abuse me as a helpless child? Enjoy your dirty dishes.
Make me do excess work without informing me yourself will you?
Tasty tasty revenge
Phone scammer
Give me and my coworkers bad service? Enjoy your (generous) tip!
You dump your work on me and convince our backbone-less boss to back you up? I'll get promoted and dump it right back because now you're one team member short. And you're still stuck with the awful boss.
Made a guy think a girl was slapping his booty
Xpost from askreddit: What's the most satisfying act of revenge that you've ever experienced?
Don't talk to me? I won't listen to your requests.
Move your car
Challenge me to a rap battle? That's YOUR mistake.
Very petty but still makes me smile to this day.
Realestate agents rent payment system
Take my phone then listen to baby shark!
Late night pizza ordering just before we close
The old switcheroo gets YOU towed
Bros before hoes
My seatmates wants to see me flipped out, but . .
Oh, you don't like this? Let me do it more.
The passive aggressive boss.
Asshole scammer dad gets a dildo in the mail from his son. Can't prove credit card fraud.
TIFU By Wearing Wrist Guards
Rude tourists wait longer for dinner
Father and son steals table and acts like idiots, karma comes around.
Xbox child
Autoclicker homework
Wait for it...Wait for it...NOW!
Your bags are that important?
Go behind our teachers' backs? Have fun trying to find a new lesson slot.
We had a simple plan
Put the seat down!
Ok I’ll sit in the back
Crappy mom? What fb message?
Roomate left dirty dishes so I cleaned them.
Perhaps you'd like to see how awful I can be?
Eve and the Snob. With photo in comments!Crazy neighbor advice
Not so smart now, huh... (Another parking story)
I called the cops because my roommate got into a one-sided scream fest with me because I placed his trashcan incorrectly. Revenge starts tommorrow.
Boyfriend flooded my Netflix recommendations with cartoons, so I only massaged one of his feet.
My very, very petty revenge against my ex
Watch where you're going
Brag about your money, I will help someone get more than you.
Girl keeps looking, but make it gross for her
Don't park on my parking space
You want to make a point? Here's mine.
Do you want to know why you can't stand there? I'll tell you why in detail!
Can't read? You can wait!
A co-worker (we will call him Jack) was an asshole to me this morning... I will show him.
Over the awol
I ❤️ phone scammers
Can't be nice to your struggling son? fine i'll take money you give me and use it for petty needs
Sweet, sweet, smiley face revenge
Petty revenge on petty landlord.
Time waits for no man, especially an impatient one.
Apartment Hunting
The universe tends to unfold as it should.
Be a shitty, sexist manager? I'll make everyone think you're a brony.
Cheat at a charity contest? Enjoy last place.
Almost killed me pay some money
Beach party revenge
Wake me up at 7am?? Fine.
I just dumped 3 full glasses of water in the office garbage can
I'm Not Paying
Extra work to be petty
"What's on your computer screen?"
Clogged Sink
You take my turn? I'll take your time away
Don't mess with my morning sleep
Hope you weren't too attached to those Pandora stations
I can't calm myself after revenge. it still bugs me that people think I'm cheap just cause I didn't pay the mailman when he tried to scam me off-hour.
Treat people like dirt? enjoy finding your clothes in it
It’s OSHA Time!
Make fun of my weight? Everyone votes against you
Don't want to stop spazzing out well i guess i'll set a trap.
College flatmate revenge
Two Seconds
Driver gets a taste of his own medicine.
Accidental Revenge a Mile High
By all means let your kids play on the stairs
There's a reason I'm the smart one.
She tried to make me lose my temper, instead she lost hers
Try to sabotage your daughter's higher education? Enjoy pornographic emails in your work inbox
If you’re gonna smoke an entire pack of cigarettes and throw the butts into my mom’s pool, I’m gonna make your life hell ten years later.
Make my little brother upset? Enjoy the taste of your own medicine.
Thumb of Justice
Bully thinks he can control other kids? My first grade self thought it would be hilarious if he was pranked a little
Son keeps kicking the back of my seat while in a flight, my dad gets his revenge
“They’re family. You’re an egg donor.”
Guy bleeds me dry of paper and brain cells we play are card game with friends and I am the dealer.Terrible Mother Kicked From Her Son's Wedding
My buddies drunk mom.
Threaten my license and force me to work? Ok then...
Don't Fuck with Your Roommate
Boss I need help. No. Then take a walk in my shoes.
Squeezed every single one back in - piece by piece!
In where I get to tell off a cocky pre-college freshman
So you think that the kitchen is too dirty?
It's the little things...
+1 (909) 358-9214
I'm not the "right type"? How about now?
Kindergartners are ruthless
Basically I forwarded her revenge porn to her family
Steal my money? Don't worry, I'LL pay YOU back
Hello again
getting back at a previous landlord
Future Spanish Teacher Gets Bullied, Accidentally Accuses him of Rape
Treat me subhuman? Prepare to have your time wasted.
His account got the death penalty.
Stop texting me, boss.
Kick me while I'm down? Good luck with Chemistry.
You pissed me off now u have sawdust in your hair
My roomie is a petty cunt
no valid return address is no problem
Dirty clothes call for dirty tricks
Make us late for our date? Enjoy a basement full of middle school girls hyped up on energy drinks.
My Sphincter: The Ultimate Tool of Petty Revenge
So a tailgater and I had an encounter yesterday
Neighbour took my freshly shovelled parking spot even though I needed to get my grandma to the hospital... so I put the snow back.
Koolaid Blues
Dude tries to get me off the bus faster after almost being run over by a cyclest.
I work with my ex and subtly make her job as difficult as possible.
Piss me off, hear NPR.
Keep stealing my coffee? Enjoy the afternoon crash!!
How wrong am I for doing this? Bug revenge.
heres a DIY one
Ill take a water please.
Stereo Battle
If you're warm, don't complain.
Unwelcome guests
Obnoxious woman keeps insisting that I am the Canteen, iThink I can oblige.
Enjoy the 9 hour "Don't Worry, Kyoko" marathon.
Went in for dry skin on my hand not my...
Eat my lunch? I'm taking something you like.
Airport parking revenge
I hated her for years, so I called them bitches.
Argue with me get less jelly on your sandwich.
Night manager? Morning is going to be fun.
Pastor gets a little (innocent) petty revenge.
A tale of two truck drivers...
My High School Bully Get His $100 Bill Destroyed
Tailgate me? I wouldn't mind to slow down below the speed limit
You should believe kids
Don't annoy the pharmacist
Tailgate me on my way to school? I'll call the cops on you!
Sauce packet and napkin revenge
"Hey, you don't hit girls!"
Who let the dog out?
Dont let me into your minecraft house. Say goodbye from entering your house
Wanna chew up the last of my toilet paper?
Cut in line? Enjoy waiting much longer for your wings
Everyone needs a soundtrack!
Car Door Revenge
White supremacist hits on me, I lie and tell him I am Jewish.
Fuck your balloon.
Don't nick my fucking chips.
Enjoy your phallic football.
Idiot driver gets slowed down
Somebody has been dumping their trash behind our house for the past month.Today I found out who.
Bridezilla freaks over missing flower petals on her cake. (X-post AskReddit thread)
took my wet clothes out of the dryer, lumped them on top, and dropped some on the floor, so i...
Congrats, you’ve been added to my mailing list!
Get shafted outta my job and provided equipment with no valid reason, employers get back a husk of a rig
My friend hates his mom so he ran her over
Try to get my car towed? Fine. I'll park in 2 spots
My cat brings me things he plays with.
Petty revenge on my law school
I’m the only one who replaces the toilet paper roll
Don't Fuck with my Laundry
Steal my drink that I love, enjoy heat
Not going to do your job? Guess I’ll make it a bit harder.
Damn racists
Steal my food will you
Scare me awake? I don't think so
Honestly, how did you think this would go?
Being a bad roommate means I can passively aggressively belittle your drug habit right?
Keep smoking? We're turning the music up
The Chips are for everyone.
Delicious revenge against the neighbourhood brats.
Embarrassed a parent behaving badly
Elder sister treats me as her servant, so I ruined her lunch
Final act of petty revenge against old roommate
5 years at the warehouse. 3 years with no raise. Rewarded with extra work. Rasict /nepotistic bully for a boss. Enjoy doing inventory.
He shorted my by $327
Karma's A bitch, huh?
Lock me out of the bathroom?
Douchebag who plays on his phone too much at work gets "caught."
Another petty revenge on a plane
control your kids or face the consequences
An accidental cigarette burn changed my life
This is the silly crap I have to come home to some nights...
Hellooooo, I'm callieng from Microsoft Windoos
The mosh pit tickler
Bully Gets Colorful Revenge
My uncle's neighbors threw a party and took over his driveway, so we boxed them in.
I feel like I'm drowning but I cannot give ip
Keep taking credit for me cleaning the house, enjoy me moving out
Annoying sister gets what she deserves
Road Rage Pizza Prius .
My Mom kept an Old Crazy man from sleep because he almost caused an Car Crash
The lunch thief
How about not doing drugs?
abusive, deadbeat, asshole uncle crashes at my home for a summer b/c of restraining order. 16 y/o little sister kicks him out
Revenge on 'Friend'
Best Friend's Revenge
Enough F*#@ing Mayo Already!!
Road Rage Avenger
I just put my ex's phone number on a personal craigslist ad. And another thing...
Be rude to your mom? Alright, then.
Want to use my money to use the dryer? Enjoy your gross ass clothes.
Don't hog the internet.
Don't open til Christmas
Double parking Jaggov
Annoying brother loses viewing history
This douchebag coworker of mine parked in my spot this morning.
You disrespect my grandma for funeral expenses? Watch what I do to you!
Ok car dealership. You wanna fuck with me I'll fuck with you!
Spoon with Me
"Just don't say anything"
Slice that very thin...
I only wanted water, ended up with a free breakfast
Like to brag about committing fraud? Enjoy!
How I responded to the worst interview I've ever had.
Tell me you want your .40 cent discount after I've rung you up on your credit card? Of course, give me 10 minutes of your time!
Simply Petty
Petty revenge vs petty revenge?
Do NOT try to make me be the meat in your parking-spot sandwich.
Crappy Boss Later Finds Son's Tinder
Mystery dog crap on your lawn? I got your back.
We ask for emails at work. I ask a second grade teacher to spell hers out to which she responds, "Looks like we're in second grade and can't spell." I remember your e-mail bitch, welcome to porn hub.
How I got my High school automotive teacher fired for being inappropriate towards female students
Oh, so you like your Brights?
You want the thread, you'll have to stand up for it bitch
Don’t want to pick up after your dog?
Beautiful revenge from an ugly haircut.
Bro gets grounded and I get his pokemon card
Stuffed nose leads to petty high school revenge
Dont take my apple juice or you have to enjoy something else
What about ice?
Karma's a bitch - server revenge
You don't make me play with your hot wheels? I make them disappear.
The prettiest of the petty.
Somebody ruins pride parade crosswalks, city makes them permanent
Try to jack up your price last minute? I'll make you regret selling to me.
Don't bully the tech
Ignore my text asking for help with the trash?
Block my way out? Enjoy the smell!
6 inches of revenge
They gave me the silent treatment because I refused to give them a ride ONCE
You dropped something
Petty Revenge Compilation
A very impractical, and petty, way of making a thief soil themselves.
Just a dad out with his daughter
전주오피∥자유시간〖BAM〗〖war〗 1 0 〖coM〗ㅣ▷ 밤전 ◁ㅣ『서제오피 #연산오피』
Don't like my accent? Yinz are gonna git it den.
Bureaucracy defends the line
Don’t want to let me in? Enjoy 20+ cars getting in front of you.
steal my water? not any more.
The petty will continue until morale improves
The D&amp;D Cheater
Quitting on my jerk boss before his vacation
Swear at a police officer for no reason? Okay, have some time to reflect on what you've done.
Niet best revenge ever!
Rip me off, I'll rip you off back
If you're a jerk, you'll get locked out.
Only tip .13 on a delivery? Good luck on not being even in your bank account.
My brother loves dogs so much that he even eats their food!
Hands off my soap
You don't want us using dishes? Have it your way..
Upping the Ante
Third Time's the Charm 🚗 💥
"Bar steward"
Shop class revenge
Enjoy the dead flies
Don't want to sleep? Be my guest.
I was told to post this here...
credit application? yes please!
Gas revenge.
I'm sending commented posts from r/WTF to a spammer
The back of my seat is not a support bar
Finally got my revenge after years
Try to record my friend and I and put it on social media? I hope you enjoy getting your phone slammed across the room.
Keep your lousy music to yourself, and I'll do the same
Honk at me in a tricky intersection? I'll drive the speed limit on a fast road!
Hypocrite Mormon girl gives me a lecture so I bar her from doughnuts
Getting fare.
Getting Revenge On My Entitled Parents
Flip off the security guard ? Enjoy going home to get your ID.
Continue to deliberately treat me like an asshole (and treat my girlfriend like shit)? I'll f*ck with your car again!
Use all three washing machines?
Enjoy drying off
Moving revenge
A memory of homework petty revenge when I was a kid.
Asshole landlord tried to get cute with me over a bedbug problem, didn't count on me being as unethical as he was.
Cat Poops
So you like bent cash do you?
Enjoy your dirt, mofo!
Bathroom Revenge
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
Oh, so you want to cut around the line of traffic with your escalade limousine when the lanes are merging ahead and get back in line infront of me?
If you take my headphones, you listen to my music.
Gave her pinkeye and stole her ID
Be mean to me fine deal with the smell
My Roommate always leaves my towels on the ground. Also there is charcoal dust on my dishtowel from her hookah sometimes.
Never mistake kindness for weakness.
Sweet petty revenge on the road.
Turns out there is only a 20 second delay on karma.
Excuse me, Sir. Are you a bus?
So you don't tell me how to do certain things in games?
Cheating Ex Fiance Gets What He Deserves.
I  of 6 years. Thoughts?
Beggars Can't Ask for Thirds
He Stole my Sister’s Scooter, I Broke his Hand.
Want to waste my time? I'll waste yours.
Tired of taking shit at the workplace.
Magic player denies involvement and accuses me of being a Magic playing warlord, sweet petty revenge ensues.
Cut me off in front of your workplace, which just so happens to be where I'm delivering, and have a third party company come in and talk with you about your behaviour.
/r/talesfromretail demanded that I repost this comment here
9th grade Chemical Warfare
Keep me up at night cause your drunk...enjoy the DWI
Don't steal my bathroom stall.
Oh, you want to tailgate?
I drew on your paper, what ya gonna do.
She's my friend, not yours!
Tell me to hurry up? Better get the lead out.
Ignore and bully me at school, I waste your time.
Reject my free laptop? Enjoy having your kids scream at you and having no computer.
Petty revenge on the train!
test headline - honking car
Dad Scars A Bully For Life
revenge on my “best friends”
Don't cheat on your wife before an important career meeting.
4chan's Anon takes it to the next level (x-post /r/funny)
I need help coming up with petty revenge.
Guy berates me for mistake he made, I choose not to correct him... yet.
8 days ago a stranger slipped into my wife’s DM’s. For 8 days after I had the time of my life trolling that stranger.
Format your title like this? Enjoy a downvote!
Waitress steals a piece of cheesecake and I get wrote up for it... or did I?
Dorm room laundry
My ex girlfriend did me wrong so I destroyed her whole family.
My upstairs neighbor is having a loud conversation with her sister at 11:45pm. Both are apparently wearing high heels on a tile floor.
Liquid ass
The millennium falcon
A little leeway goes the long way
I can’t give you a carpool
Champagne for Mumps
Someone stole my car and I have his number/address
Take my money, I destroy your hair.
barrage of cold
My dog's petty revenge
Don't use what is not yours.
Come into my meeting and eat our food? This time we're ready for you.
Petty Revenge Served Cold
Steal My Spot? I Steal Your Sanity!
You lost your project? I'll constantly make fun of you in front of the whole class
Not accepted to grad school
Job Interview Revenge
Neighbours!
Maybe you should have gotten that order delivered...
Revenge fufilled!
Guy bitches about me, then wants something I have. NOPE!
Easy as stealing a X'mas toy from a baby.
You, the CEO should really be asking my boss, not me!
Apartment parking space revenge
Take his stuff, get stitched on dinner
Who is the bigger child here?
Was told you guys might like this creepy encounter with a side of revenge!
Small Neighborhood, See You Again...and Again...and Again...Ha ha
Dog Beats the hell out of Drunk
My neighbours got my boyfriend's car towed. Can any of you masterminds help me come up with some petty revenge?
High School Vengeance.
Don't piss off your ride
I prefer not to be talked down to
Beach Parking
Petty or Serious?
Try to scam people in my Discord server? I'll leak your IP!
My homophobic teacher
Bully dangerously swings hockey stick at peers, proceeds to gets dropped in high school PE
Trying to mess with my tv? Let me give your son a present...
I defended her and she took advantage of me
When you only give 2-3 packets of sauce for an order that has 15+ items of food
I will make you answer!
Baby daddy worthless
“Change the way your final piece looks” “lol ok”
Don't take stuff that you know isnt yours.
Loud hotel guests get rude wake up.
I took the last leg he had to stand on.
How I beat, humiliated mu Highschool bully and how I one upped my entire Highschool graduating class in the process
Why it is not a good idea to honk your horn at a friends house in the middle of the night
Mess up my order and act stupid, have fun cleaning the deep fryer.
My Roommate Woke Me Up By Doing Naughty Things
Throw snow all over my yard? Have it back!
Lack of Common Courtesy? I can play that game too.
You want to invade my space with your car while I wait for a tow truck? Hope you didn't have to rush off.
She made me look like a gold digger, i made her a whore.
Revenge on a IRS Phone Scamming Company - Call Flooder
bully me? Have fun losing all your friends!
The psychiatry snack thief
Alcoholic flatmate steals from me..
Exposed landlord's pettiness through even pettier tactics.
Asshole Kitten.
Not exactly the most BRUTAL petty revenge but I thought I would share it here anyways
Screw w my job performance, you get the clamps
Adventures in Tacoland
Tricked an annoying housemate into spending thousands of pounds on pc parts
"Sorry but only the coordinators get to eat these"
How can I get revenge on a fitness club?
Constantly mess with my sleep for three weeks, will you?
I got let go for being epileptic
Brother fled the country after his last hurrah
Deflated!
Be nasty to me? I will literally make you pay
Rudeness returned two fold
Back when I was younger, the plus sized kids made fun of me for being a skin and bone toothpick.
I wouldn’t eat that if I were you..
Granting an unhappy coworker's wish...
muahaha
Cardomain troll gets it in the arse
So there was a douche on the road....
Spam my phone number ? Your phising web site is dead !
Make me do your dirty work? Say goodbye to your favorite shirt/pants.
Took SIL's precious last zero sugar coke :)
Only 2 dollars off for military discount? Have fun with 10 separate transactions.
Mess with my bestfriend ok let's fight
CVS line-jumper gets their sweet comeuppanceperfectly petty revenge on perfectly petty behavior
Maybe I speak Chinese, maybe I don't... be careful what you say.
Cheating Boyfriend Betrayed by His Good Christian Sister in the Best Possible Way
What u dont know.
"It's just a scratch"
Thanks James, Q and Bruce
Enjoy your friend's spit, asshole.
So I got revenge on an asshole gamer a few months back through Xbox Live.
Do not come between a man and his cheese!
Bully a member of my team will you? Condescend? Yes? Wrong answer.
Pissing off the East Germans during the Cold War.
Hey Karen, you no longer have a job!
Close the door on me? I'll close the door on you
satisfied revenge
The Pettiest Dandelion
The merger who couldn't
Don't touch my food.
Grade school karma
Lock me out? I hope you sleep with ear plugs.
I peed in my cousins shoes for breaking my game
Claim science isn't real? Have fun finding a new job.
Not gonna reimburse me for sales tax? Then I'm gonna charge mileage
wedding grumps
Petty revenge was all over her face
Spend My Money? No Fun For You.
Photographer Has Identity Stolen, Gets Her Revenge with a Covert Photo Project
Sucrose perils at the laundromat
Clog up the ER where I work? Enjoy your headache.
Pencil case revenge
Not going to tip me? Good luck on getting the change you want.
Hit me in the face? Well good luck finding your lock
Subconscious petty revenge
Don't be rude. I'll get you sick.
Time to grow up, sweet cousin
The second coming.
Force me to eat something that I hate?
Disrupt My Studying? Enjoy Your Cramming
Tales from the toy store (x-post from /talesfromretail)
Don't Call Me Brutus... And Don't Give A List Of Names As Accompilaces.
Petty revenge by ways of Insane Clown Posse.
tl;dr I glitterbombed my cheating ex
I don't owe anything
Steve Rannazzisi has the best petty revenge... ever.
With the most recent story about the mcdonalds drive thru.....
Meet the Taco Hash Slinging Slasher
Wanna hit me and break my stuff
The Cab driver denied me service so I took my revenge
Call me names? Say buh-bye, Wifi
EM Thought I was a Little Kid!
Cheat on me and stick me with the bill? I don't think so.
Enjoy paperwork, bitch
I prosecuted a fuckhead neighbor from vandalizing my car.
Friend closes Chromebook, I get revenge.
Colouring in his bike
Cheat on a Charity 5K, get called out
Girlfriend forgot about me while I was on vacation
Petty revenge from my distant past. Long one, but lots of drama. Also, hello! New to the sub.
Train Journey Man Spreading Revenge
Walmart had an asshole manager. I wonder if he got to keep his job, or how he even explained this one...
My Ex asked for head after stealing money and put my wallet in pain so I put him in pain
Piss me off? Die of boredom
Walk your dog off leash in our back parking lot? Get locked out.
Yeah, we're gonna take a little break too
Have your secret meetings out in the hot sun!
Neighbors are having a party next door! Breaking quarantine! GIVE ME YOUR WORST IDEAS!!!
minor justice against asshole squatter and shitty landlord
I had sex with my former best mates girl
Everyone hates my girlfriends roommate.
35 single domme looking for sub
Fried chicken revenge
Call me rude names? Fine, Enjoy your “coke”
Can't be bothered to be considerate? Well, sorry, I guess I can't either.
How I got my first nice pipe
There's a marathon today...
My dad and paint...
Honk at me as i cross at a corner? Loose your parking place
Think you can lie like nothing?
Takes just too much effort to walk 3 steps to the rubbish bin, doesn't it?
Set the toilet paper to over? i don't think so...
Make me wait over an hour for my prescription? And the next gets it taken care of in 2 minutes? Watch how slow I can check out!
Rude mother gets owned
Crushing on my girlfriend? Let me crush your heart.
Guy tries to take advantage of my shadow
Try and save the spot then threaten to damage my car? Watch me give it to someone else.
Something petty I have always done.
You use my eyeshadow? Have two pink eyes.
Sometimes, silence is the best revenge
Penguin should have reconsidered her choices
For when compromises fail
Need revenge help against a cheater
Hide things that don't belong to you and lie about everything? I'll slash the seams of your stuff.
Friend's neighbor's dog kept digging a hole under the fence...
Revenge on a cheating 'gf' who cheated on my TWICE in the mostly horrible way...
How I got a small victory against my Childhood Toxic friend
Looking for inputs on how to exact some petty revenge on some jerk who hacked my Spotify account.
How I got revenge on my Manager for asking me to "tweak the estimate"
Short but (not) Sweet
Petty revenge → Stress↑ → Blood Pressure↑ → Heart Attacks → r/pettyrevenge's subscriber count↓
Open drawers
Dude accuses my friends of making him spend 1000€ I make him lose 100€
Show up late, rude and for some reason angry while buying off the classifieds? Then try to negotiate a price we already agreed on? Well, check your phone bud
Mike Wazowski Takes Revenge
Guy fucks his highschool bully's mom. The dick is so good she goes on a radio show to get him back in her life. She finds out it's part of a revenge plot live on the air. And he admits he's going to send photos to her son--his old bully.
Annoying Cyclists blocking the road? Activate smoke screen.
Try to scam me? I’ll scam you instead
Bad egg driving very fast at 6:00 AM
Roommates who fight loudly in our tiny apartment...
Don't cut a bike off or i cut you off
Tennant of old apartment stole a birthday card that was sent to me with a gift card in it when it was accidentally mailed my old address. So I sent them another gift card.
Punch in jiu jitsu get fucked
Don't steal my geography textbook
"I don't work here, lady. So now you don't get to work here, lady"
Honk and me - and wait.
If I can't play carrom, no one can.
Dennis the Menace Mode Activated
Don’t steal my coke or karma will bite you
Smoking doctor is a smoking gun when pulled over.
Cheat on me? Your life WILL be difficult.
Douchebag is a douchebag to my friends and I, he doesn't get his smokes back.
Dog vs Owner
Comment on your code they said!
No sticker for you!
Be racist? Enjoy lifting your water cooler bottle and falling
There's a reason why mechanics have a bad reputation
Friend plays Jazz music for me on my birthday. So I got him a gift :)
Another language comeuppance story
The Universe Dishes Out Some Petty Revenge, Against My Younger Brother
Father (64m/UK) gets petty revenge on the French after waiting patiently for over thirty years.
The Wal-Mart story by Joe the Peacock (old story, VERY long, strap in)
You fuck with my sourdough, I fuck with you.
I do not remotely give a shit that your dad is an NHL coach
Taxi driver honked at us for not turning at a "no right on red" intersection, then when it turns green he passes us up on the left in the oncoming lane and almost hits a car headon, then when I tried to report him to the police he tried to hit me
At my first job out of college and I was sexually harassed by the salesman and customer service rep for being a lesbian in an interracial relationship.
Shitty roommate, any suggestions?
Party at night. I’ll mow the lawn
Their last meal was cookies...
Skip the Lecture? Suffer.
Dumb Cunt
My cat is the King of Petty
No tickets for you!
Don't want to help your tenant out? Enjoy your huge electricity bill!
don't have small bills? I've got some change for you.
You Cannot Haz.
Wrong time, wrong words buddy
X-Post from r/motorcycles A guy parked across 6 motorcycle spots, so we boxed him in and made him wait for us to finish our beers.
Fuck you, I'm playing playstation
My wife is awesome
Sister thinks she can push me around over 6 sour patch kids? Think again
It's about the small things...
How to ruin popularity:
Devour my food in front of me, WITHOUT my permission? Ok.
I will tailgate you at the salad bar.
Thats One Spicy Pizza
Somebody got the last word—snarky obituary
What's that now you need my help?
Please do not block my parking spot ever again.
Beach line cutters
Leave your underwear in the family room....
Recline your seat all the way and be rude about it? No sleep for you
Won't move out of the way? Pardon me!
"pettyrevenge" or just being a jerk?
Old-timey petty revenge
Creepy, lazy, coworker makes a pass and incurs her wrath
Someone put my email into their House of Frazer account and so I wrote them a letter
Oh, i ate it
I'm sure we have all done this one before...
Intentionally humiliate my friend and refuse to communicate? Revenge threesome.
Bumb-ass gets hit in the head by a bumb-bell
I admitted to being a baby arson to piss her off
Bullied
Don't take advantage of my kindness in the queue
Dancing can lead to some shit.
Housemate refuses to clean up after himself
Hmmm
If I can't have the last piece of bread, nobody can
I'm outside the lines, you're outside the car.
Monopolize the dryer? Have fun waiting 4 hours!
Cousin (who is really a distant relative) is rude to me mom who is sick so I passive-aggressively annoy her.
You cheat, I take away most of your Netflix access.
Steal my water bottle? Enjoy an empty one!
Ask me a question then cut me off? Revenge through reading.
Enjoy your crumpled suits.
A Brotherly Feud, or 'why you should be careful what you say when you want to P*%s someone off'
MY DAD SAYS CRAZY SHIT, SO I STARTED KEEPING A RECORD
Mrs. Lockhart Gets Exposed
You don't think I'll be needing that? You thought wrong.
Play despacito out loud on a late evening bus? Say hello to Dark Chest of Wonders through my headphones, assholes.
Don’t touch my food
No fax for you!
I bought had 2 movie tickets and a guy sat in my second seat so I kicked him out mid movie because he was being noisy
Drunk asshole is very lucky
Try to cop a feel, get suspended and a visit from cops
Picking a fight with a driver that just saved you from yourself. Bestest idea ever.
Finding an unhelpful answer on StackOverflow
Landlord lies and gets flooded
When someone who is rude to me says "Thanks" sarcastically/with attitude...
Jogger's petty revenge
The day my teacher made me cry
Petty Revenge on Credit Card Companies
Try throw me under the bus with senior management? Your time to shine is now my friend.
If You Don't Clean Up After Yourself, You Don't Get Friendship Sandwiches.
Teacher tried to embarrass me and failed miserably
Oh, you want a Sprite?
Yell at a deaf person? Enjoy cleaning up.
this is more of a petty comeuppance but whatever
Secret Decaf
Keep taking things out of my cubicle? Now you're going to get sick too.
Lady on your bus keeps shushing everyone, gets exactly what she didn't want.
Any success story- revenge on people who looked down on you
Adding secret toppings to horribly rude customers.
Try finding your toothbrush now!
The incredible rise and fall of gas mileage revenge
Wanna be a jackass in class? Now you're the jackass who watches iCarly.
Made a pervert turn white
Won't share your cookies? No cupcake for you!
I screamed at a teenager until they cried.
Oh Young Ladies don’t buy sports cars..
What my ex doesn't know won't hurt him!
Kick a ball at a cyclist? Have fun finding it back.
it's fine, keep the $20.
My sis is petty af
Leave a note next time!
How to Be a Sweet Bitch
The Candy Wrapper of Justice
Here are your Platinum Reward Benefits!
Roommate breaks washing machine after dumping my laundry on top of a toilet brush.
Old people are masters of petty revenge.
Online Dating Impersonator caught
Made winter hell for my beloved cheap uncle.
petty gets got
The World is Not Your Ashtray
What can I do with the phone number of my cheating ex-wife's new boyfriend?
I was railroaded by my bosses in a meeting that I recorded, which I used to make a video lampooning them. Then I sent it to their bosses.
Girl was in a hurry Murphy's law sought some sweet justice.
Being annoying? More ice for you!
2am booty text? Prepare for a 7 am response
Giving My Older Brother a Taste of His Own Sour Medicine.
Catch me like a deer in the headlights? I'll make sure you're in the spotlight!
How I slayed the coffee-spilling beast (Kill it with kindness)
The machines don’t like people who don’t wear masks
Petty AF homesellers tried (and failed) to exact petty revenge in the form of blueprint destruction
A dish best served petty.
I put wet clothes into my sisters bed.I put wet clothes in my sisters bed.
Sellers Misrepresented House We Bought
You should have seen the look on his face
Impatient driver gets pulled over
Don't tailgate me!
An asshole roommate and "faulty" wifi.
Justice in band class
But you highlighted the whole thing...
Don’t want my money? How about no one’s money?
Sent gay porn to a dad who’s son was a douche and assaulted my kid.
A friend of mine wronged me for the last time
Standing up to your boss has its perks when the CEO has your back
Niece cleans up with petty vengeance...
Have fun panicking, buddy
Wake me up because you forgot your password. Suffer the consequences.
Music.
Act like a primadonna? Fine, I'll just cut your head off
Here kitty kitty kitties the garage door is open!
Vape store employees petty revenge.
Operation Dry Hump
Kid tries to stab me, I repeat something that he hates
Need an emergency to help a person? Fine I'll make one up.
Look into my eyes? you are fired
Treat me like an irresponsible kid? I'm not afraid to act like one.
I checked books out to a lower classmans account after graduating out of spite.
I baited someone into spending months obsessed with my Reddit account
Tightwad to the bellman? Find an unwanted present after checkout.
Should I report this kid to the DEA for making me wait 6 hours to buy weed then trying to jump me?
Bitch colleague gets me fired, so I wait for my time to retaliate
supermarket cashier give me no good morning
Give me useless projects? I won't show up
Prank call me multiple times? Enjoy being creeped out.
Bully me? Watch what happens
Now I'm date-able?!
“Close your own door”
R/Nuclear revenge Student set teacher's house on fire because she gave homework pro revenge
The Spoiled Girl Conundrum
See my favourite band without me and rub it in?
Enjoy not being part of the group.
The pettiest of revenges (sorry for similar title to the top post right now)
Push me? Enjoy a nice soda shower!
This Friend Got The Biggest Karma
Guy blocking the bike way
Was going to let things go, but...
Stole my gift idea, he doesn't use it
The school janitor wouldn’t let me throw up in the bathroom so I threw up on floor and watched him clean it up
So long as you're paying for the time I'm missing
Grandpa wrecks dumb bikers
My science/tennis teacher was an idiot to me and I used every ounce of pettiness I had
Bad nurse gets cancer cleanup duty
Hidden but heard
Rude to a widower? Have fun waiting in the parking lot.
영화 어벤져스2 토렌트 720p 1080p Full HD DVD 영화 어벤져스2 MKV
Judgemental assistant manager bails on a customer; sticks me with what she thinks is a dud. Sweet sweet karmic revenge.
We tricked a loud nocturnal housemate into spending thousands on pc parts
Too lazy to do your job? Hopefully, you backed up that drive.
Enjoy some commercials!
Try to scam me? Let me tell you the alphabet.
How’s your coffee?
It's not your problem ? You got a smellier problem
Don't walk in at the last minute then block my view.
Got revenge on a student whose mommy tried to make waves for me.
Nobody calls my dog gay
Scamming the people in a discord server? Get ready for my revenge
My work computer
Idiot driver harasses my dad. My dad just keeps on walking
Badass dad gets tired of bully and beats him
Almost broke my foot trying to get revenge
Hog all the hot water? Enjoy your goosebumps.
The pettiest revenge of my life
I am the reason this household still stands
Shitty coworker gets shitty punishment
Don't be rude
Poop, pillow, Facebook
Son of a Biker
Beggars
A poker shark got her revenge on a poker shark.Scammer tricked my mom out of $10
"New" Car and you're going to ding me?!
Dangerous driving
Woman overtakes me while speeding.
Small but satisfying
Slow driver in left lane in Florida get out slowed
Stop giving dating sites my email address
Use up my supplies? I'll make you wait for yours!
Think I cant get promoted?, Think again
You want my territorial air? then you lose your territory
A Polite "No" would have Sufficed but...
I might be enacting every high schooler's dream: To get their dickbag teacher fired.
Pedestrian Revenge
This isn't your house, so we throw away your clothes!
waste my time? miss breakfast hour at bk.
Impatient jerk waits for nothing
Miss you, NOT
Park in MY driveway? Have fun waiting.
Petty Moment
Giving It Back to a Line Cutter!
Petty revenge on a racist online-forumHow I got back at a manipulative girl who led me on for years.
So I got fired from my job..
Be a jerk to everyone in line and the mcburger people?
That was our parking spot
I Will Not Sign Your Sympathy Card
Friends roommate kept stealing her underwear
Can't wait 10 seconds for me to answer the door buzzer? Feel my anonymous and mildly annoying vengeance.
Seconds of your time wasted adds years to my life
My roommate is a shithead
Familial Revenge
Corn 🌽
Abuse me for a year? Have fun finding a new school in another district.
Butterbar hazes master sergeant
Don't want to pay your $100 water bill? It'll cost you thousands....
my brother woke me with the ferret, imma do the same
I let an associate go for not being productive enough
Total Karen: Marina Landscape INC., West Garden Grove Boulevard, Orange, CA
Glitter in my notes and all over my desk.
Tailgate me? You'd better pay for it
Not want to pay our work? OK, but than you will not get the results on time.
Oh I'm sorry, is this where YOU park?
Would you like some salt with that?
Never click at me
Good luck with your new business.
Boss serves up Pettiness for me
Large Cup of Ice
Stole my alcohol, I hope they wash their hands
Stalk me? Watch me screw you over!Boy racer with large exhaust in country lane almost knocks me off my bike.
"Nah, just gonna kick it out here..." Muahahaha.
My petty revenge at a taco joint
Friend loses glasses for being a d bag
Stingy client, take that red ink!
Sorry, lost the envelope.
Umbrage in the Camera Store
The Long Sock Troll of '11-'12
Splash me? Enjoy your flat tire.
Let me move that trash barrel for you
Try to impress girls with pizza?
Don't step in front of me.
Can I get some feedback?
Racist Indian colleague
Bigger Bag? Okay
Aaaaaaannndddd SNAP!
Hit me in the head for no reason? Enjoy getting embarrassed in front of the entire grade.
Steal my gems? Enjoy your eviction.
Kid punches me and I defend myself
The Great Equalizer? More like the great e. colizer.
Wrong fuel.
Hipster Douche
there was no RV
Do not re-open negotiations when a deal is already too good
Photobombing revenge
Don't Cut at Kickball
Got banned from /r/polandball
No tip on a giant order AND you tell me how to do my job? I'll make that large a medium.
Don't Make Me Wait on You When You Can Ride The Bus
Bullies harass me because I wear hearing aids. I turn them off.
Neighborly Love
Do unto others...
Send me unwanted email, get unwanted calls.
You made fun of us, now your face is taped in the wall, pig.
An Italian man, an English woman and an Australian guy are on a plane...
My parents were very annoying. so when they had guests that same day I let the dog on to the porch with them so the dog would bark. whenever they put her back inside I let her out again
Balls to the face!
Craigslist guy tries to short pay me when we meet to sell him a PS3. He doesn't fully get away with it
Pissing in a show comes with its consequences
Leave pizza out? My dogs get a treat!
The grass is always greener, isn't it?
When I really don't like someone, before I downvote them, I upvote them, so it's like I'm taking TWO votes away from them
"You must be the bride!" A short story of petty and snarky revenge.
Internet sales reps on street harassing people, wanted somewhere to get changed.
Have fun explaining that your doctor
Call me a fag, jokes on you!
Don't take my cookie.
Windshield Wiper Fluid Revenge
Customer berates me and left a bad review so I’ll do a long con to end up leaving her a bad review
A friend of mine makes fake story because he got dumped have a Molotov cocktail
How to get rid of the industry of telemarketing
Revenge on a teacher.
CopyCat Ex-Boyfriend
Move Peasant!
Steal Disabled parking? Enjoy proclaiming your new love for Harry Styles to the world
Roomate revenge gets MacGyver-y
Boss me around on my last day
The bad parkers out there... meet my mother
Roommate drives me to insanity so have a revenge shower before vanishing
Beer revenge
Petty revenge idea for mailman.
Racist Asshole treats me like dirt, gets scared out of her mind by a team of fake bodyguards
Butterslug wants me to mow her lawn.
I screwed my lazy teammate in a minor group project
Petty Revenge - Gaslighting Groucho Marx Style!
Pettiest karma comeback
Sorry about your allergies... and your fish.
Revenge on a fraud family friend.
Competitive douche at a kids bowling party
Oh, you like phone calls?
How I silenced a douche
Piano playing at its best.Park in handicap space everyday...
Woman gives me an insulting tip so I publicly shamed her.
Sweet (not for him) revenge on thieving housemate
Ex-Coworker using $20 as a way to see me. Story time!
No gift for the princess.
I let my ex husband rack up points on a grocery discount card I still use and then take it for discounted gas.
“You were ok with me breaking up with you, so I’ll tell all our friends you RAPED me!!!”
Charge me fines unjustly? Feel my petty wrath.
60" of satisfaction
Friend wants a pencil, I gave him a pencil
Student wants to re-take a test. NOPE.
I'm using a copy of my ex girlfriend's brain on a CD as beer coaster
Do not spit on my car...
Annoy the entire class for months. Enjoy your dead phone.
My mother in law is a mean witch but I get back at her almost everyday.
Terrible Hangover? Nope, Sorry; I Have No Idea Where the Tylenol Is.
You Don't Respect Nice Things? Okay, No Nice Things.m
If anyone would like the phone number of the 9th grade boy who keeps threatening my sister (college) for nudes and won't leave either of us alone for an ongoing 6 months,
Bath time revenge
Steal my work? I'll steal your mug!
You want to talk tough? Have some kiwi balls...
Don’t backstab me
Bully me and steal my gum? Have fun with sergeant.
Want to be lazy and entitled when I’m sick? Go buy your own toilet paper
Try to scam me? Have fun talking to the local constabulary.
Hey let me pack a bong!
Rude lady finds out what happens when you cross a bunch of teenagers with too much time
Tinder tattling
Stealing parking space at the mall.
I remember the $2 bill you stole
Spell my name wrong, will you?
A grown man violently yelled at an old lady because she took a parking space she wanted before peeling out into the spot next to her. He continued to go inside and slam our produce around.
Napkins, you say?
Well in that case
Petty birthday party revenge.
What can cause instant violent diarrhea
MY FRIEND STEALING MY MONEYStuck in traffic?
A friend lied to me for over a year, so now I’m friends with their friend instead.
I own a rental property and used it as an Airbnb last year. Kid is on scholarship to play at local college. Little shit moves my camera so could sneak his buddies in
Recruit me for your Amway downline? Enjoy dog piss.
Petty Revenge Against The Government
Ebay seller didn't accept my offer
The tales of Matching Mike (long read)
Girl with OCD gets petty revenge on Dad
Bully me and Harm me all year? Sure I'll draw for you
Slash my tyres because I park outside your house? We'll see about that.
Dad's long term revenge on my aunt and Uncle in law
Make me embarassed, get hit with with the Mjolnir of Roasts
Don't take all of the mints
Take advantage of me? I'm patient and petty
Force me from my lane? I'll force you from the pool.
Cheep Skate Business That Took Advantage of Me Being Nice
Too literal
Um, I'm not letting you in, you almost wrecked my car
Impossible to cancel gym membership
Clueless cashier
Removing somebody's Minecraft WTC towers because he doesn't deserve to have them.
Why are posts that sound funny being deleted?
Bitch at me for leaving my car running for two minutes? I can be petty too.
Give me detention for using the bathroom, enjoy having a bloody seat
A little too much.
Swipe my phone, will ya.
Who's ready to unpack now?
Best friend's new gf snooped through our messages and made him a meal he hates and caused him to throw up.
Cousin played song which i didnt like really loudly sooo.... i did the same but LOUDER
Steal from my friends? Fine. I'll get you arrested.
Irresponsible housemate on a power trip? Enjoy your bills.
Break my stone steps eh?
"Friend" tells our teachers that we went to a mall, so me and my friend made a plan. (crap title but whatever)
When Life Gives You Lemons
DAE think Roald Dahl's Matilda should be this sub's mascot?
If you give me $100 for a $6 transaction, you can bet that you’re gonna a handful of small bills back
Don’t post my baby’s photo without permission
Next time you die
A little more sweat for you in the airport terminal
Karen hogging the beach, rewarded with a broken window
Opps wifi’s gone
Keep me in the cold longer than necessary, will you?
Everyone posting smell stories, reminded me of when I was a filthy bike courier.
Skinny Girl's Parking Revenge
Fuel for the fire.
Cheat on me? Here, have your favourite meal but with a twist.
Dad thinks he knows computers.
Kid breaks my glasses and gives me a nose bleed, but gets expelled from school
McDonalds Revenge
Mess with a friend you'll regret it- old school.
Band director humiliates me in front of the class
Don't know the material the university hired you to teach? Don't expect to work here much longer.
Don't tell me which file you need for the project? Get the false one.
Kick my stuff all over the place? Good luck with my tiny flip flops
Air Force shenanigans
I Let A Petty Bully Know Exactly What I Thought
When I bought my new (used) car from the dealership, I had to give a 5 star review on Yelp in order to get floor mats for my car (or be charged extra) so I decided to give them my own "floor mats."
Petty revenge on an abortion protester
The Girl Who Cried Framed!
Be rude to me when I'm dealing roulette? Have fun getting all your bets on.
Hey hey
Block my door? Enjoy having icky hands!
The pettiest.
My petty revenge
Errrr, Yeah, Been trying to get hold of you for a while.
I Spoil Endgame For My Childhood Bully
Love is a game of give and take.
"Look me out of the room will you, I'll show you." Oh I showed her
Yell at me in front of my regional manager and no gift card for you
Revenge on Roommate for stealing my sleep
Pick up those jellybeans bitch.
Try to sabotage a relationship, prepare for war.
So my roommates are moving out today...
Bully me everyday on the way to school? Explain the smell
Don't be mad at me that you have a shit job...
Don't mess with my coworker
Rude old lady customer I got when I worked at walmart
Park in my spot? Hope you dressed for the snow.
Got some petty revenge on my daughter for trying to prank me for a Youtube video. Backfired and now everyone's mad at me.
Bio revenge.
Me and a motelI have always had a noisy neighbour living upstairs from me, what do I do?
Need a light?
Leave your clothes in piles all over the room? Good luck finding the remote.
Teacher Bullies Entire Class And Pays For It In The Form Of 30 Free Milkshakes
They accidentally made me cry over cig butts
Can someone help me take revenge on a racist whiteboy?
Feel the rain, princess!
I purposely tripped a guy
Supportive Grandma Defends Me from my Entitled Parents
Wanna be a dick, hope you enjoy dirty Mike and the boys.
A big thanks to Brezzo for our new revengeful alien!
I filled out a GameStop receipt survey honestly....
Dumb driver aggravates the wrong girl
Is using "looks" to help other girls have revenge on other girls a dick move
Sometimes they do it themselves
She wouldn't stop stealing my shampoo, so I filled it with hair remover
This bitch gave me Poison Ivy.
Kick me out of my apartment? Okay.
Cop wants to waste time on a charge he can't prove.
My Brother loves Leaving The Toilet Seat up so...
Did you forget something?
Now that the year is almost over... a tale of apples.Don't. Touch. My. Ice Cream.
I found my cat murdering a bird and didn’t clean it up.
Got this in my change, seems like it fits here.
Server Etiquette Is Actually Your Job
Finally got back at my mom
Expect free service &amp; material? Good luck with your face.
Coffee-Shop Cashier's Revenge
Dislike and mock my apology? Watch yourself..
Getting Back At Kayla Winter 2145800784
I'm skipping a school orchestra concert next week because I'm petty.
Don't be a bitch to trainees.
Don't record your Godmother being weird!
Tell Paramedics to wait for the next elevator, I don't think so.
My Mom Spoils Avengers Endgame For A Bunch Of DoucheBags (no spoilers in this story)
If you can talk the talk, you'd better be able to walk the walk... And I can walk fast.
I dare you to ride your money..
Hood Ornament
So there's this bitch who parks in the through lane at my daughter's Pre-K.
My Employer decided he would devalue my work so I walked out
Kid snitched on us, we get him grounded.
Typical highschool pettiness that actually worked.
Block my way and blow smoke in my face? You can wait outside a little longer
How much are you worth?
Keep on asking to borrow my scissors? I'll get you some scissors for you.
It's my second-to-last day in Subway hell
You boasted about humiliating a girl because she was "fatter" than her photos? Let's see how you feel about it happening to you.
Karen blocks us in a gas pump so my dad blocks her back
Drink my milk? I'll make you think you'll grow man boobs.
Sometimes, I really hate musicians.
Litterbugs Miss Lights
And now you missed his birthday.
Snub my dinner?
Chinese Taxi-Driver Scam
Cop on cop petty revenge
McDonald's drive through
Lady thought we were talking about her in a different language
You mess with me then i'll destroy your discord server
Fuck me over on eBay will you
High school revenge on racist bullies
School day revenge
Pissed in my sister’s bottle of vagisil
Made a guy chew on sand cause his son mistakenly read between the lines
Subtle
Making a Fool out of the Fool
Man’s ‘petty’ revenge after $2b divorce
How I denied a 4th grader "citizenship" during Immigrant Day
TIL that Trump’s golf course in Aberdeen has had to hire extra security because locals keep shitting in the holes.
My younger sisters treat me like crap. Therefore, my solution: petty revenge!
I (25M) ditched a girl (24F) who ghosted me multiple times.
Cops galore and it was his fault
I took $30 out of the money contribution towards my colleague’s farewell gift after I found out she blocked me on Facebook.
Petty College Student
Unpaired socks
Not "geeky" enough for you eh? I hope you like hot piss.
I wasted five minutes of someone's life and I'm proud as shit
want me to put my leg down and not willing to ask nicely?
Enjoy the extra 3 minutes added to your commute!
I'll keep that pen, thanks
Man - 1, Dog - 0.
Got revenge on bully in 4th grade.
Fast food employee’s time is just as valuable
Don't let me eat here? Okay no one else will either!
A Bully lost the love of his life.
Reverse Card !
No pretzels for jerk teacher.
The pettiest tea revenge
That was my cake batter.
Revenge on sister or you should be more careful when sweets are involved
Fat-ass stompy upstairs neighbors and Tejano at 3 AM? Not when a BOFH lives on the first floor (semi-long, SFW).
I hate junk mail...
Going out of my way.
How I beat a a cheat without being a snitch
I had a nice little shopping trip..
Whenever I get tailed, on the highway, I hold down my windshield wiper spray.
Creep on my sister? Enjoy your phone.
I still don't know if he ever got his coffee
Enjoy your shower
Don't like my jokes? That's fine, have a nice time convincing half the student body that Africa is a continent
Refuse to send my check have fun getting demoted
Ex-wife texted me to tell me she had gotten engaged.
I ruin "Banana in Pyjamas" for my family
Pennies on the dollar
Be a Reddit YouTuber and Delete, Strike, and Flag Content? Ok I'll Make a Petty Revenge Post as Petty Revenge
Steal someone's dryer? You can do your laundry somewhere else.
I once ruined a taxi drivers night because he ruined mine
As a bartender: grab my butt and regret it
Be a dick about me getting off work a bit early? Enjoy digging your wings out of the trash
Learn how to knock!
Kids' petty revenge on my mom
I Accidentally Get Revenge On A Guy Who Tried To F*ck Me Over
Stop me on my lunch break to ask a bazillion questions?
Short and VERY Petty.
A tailgater gets a surprise.
Don't pay, get stranded and dad-joked
Didnt get the job because I never forget.
Get off my porch!
Super religious lady won't sell a rated M game at Walmart.
Phone number "pranks"
Trashy Neighbors At It Again — Help Needed
My daughters mother refuses to give me my share of the child tax credit even though I should get 2/7s of the money.
Want to shove my chair and complain about how I am taking up space? I hope your phone dies.
I obviously don't work here, but sure I can ring you up!
Neighbor blasted Aerosmith, I took her electricity, money and food away
Revenge on loud partying college students, featuring my dad and dog
My humorous revenge on a persistent wrong number dialer: "Where's Rosie?"
Keep me up after dark? Then nobody is gonna be awake.
Steal my parking spots?
Cell phone in the movie theater?
RA discriminates against me and my friends; I take olfactory revenge
Mf misused the group chat
Snark at me, I take your wine.
Eat my food will you
Study supervisor put in his place
Turn off the lights on me again (Pt 2)
You want to prank me? Enjoy your revenge.
Petty driving
Bad parking.
Spoil a Movie for me? Don't enjoy the rest of your show then.
Don't lock your kid in the car on a hot day.
My "friend" asks me for answer to homework
A dick classmate is gonna have to watch me perform his part in the school musical
My older brother.
Douchekid at the Park
Drink all of the Coke and leave it on the fridge? Two can play.
Have fun writing essays.
The lunchroom payback:Never ignore the crippled kid.
You egg me. Make sure u cant be unidentified
Catch me like a deer in the headlights? I'll make sure you have the spotlight!
Quick petty revenge against a passive aggressive apartmentmate
Much subtle, such petty
Got 2 ps5 scalpers to meet eachother. Hope they had a hot date!
You're not even watching!
Wanna talk to the boss? Sure, I'll go get him!
airport traffic control wont let me wait for a few seconds? Be scared bitches
don't call me fat, sis
I cussed my bullies out!
Don’t want to help writing the graduation speech? Fine! I’ll write your parts *extra* special
L'eggo My Lego!
Making fun of her disability, gets instant karma!
Middle school years: Not always the worst
Grief me ok I will make you rage quit
Pettyrevenge against my terrible office manager.
Accidental petty revenge leads to deleted reddit account
Because environmental people are annoying
Why you shouldn't scream at people who book your flights
I sealed and mailed out every prepaid "Business-Reply" envelope I've received since moving.
My teacher and me
Butter revenge
Drunk guy decides our kitchen is a pizza place
You wanna fart in my face? Then enjoy MY perfume, kitty cat
Ex does you dirty? Call the cops
So sorry, ma'am. We're fresh out of Patti Platypus.
Swim meet revenge
CSGo check the pantry
Revenge backfires
Racist Greasy Haired Douche
My long-standing petty revenge
Bully my friend ... repeat the subject !!
Rude and annoying teacher refuses to give me 1 extra day for an assignment, has to give 10 now
Get lost in the subway, tourists
D-bag Telemarketer
Paperclip revenge
About to Rage Quit
So this teacher hated me
Call me names? Enjoy the party.
A scammer didnt block their mobile number when they tried to scam me. So SWIM put their number into an online sms bomber.
Spray water on my windshield? I'll show you!
I got one of those call this number fake virus ads, my current record is keeping them on the line for 8 min
Boss lends me money as long as I sign a contract I’m underage so the contract isn’t bound legally
Take that, Mr. K!
being busy isnt enough... get clapped (long-ish)
Keep submitting posts with the same title layout? Now you get to listen to me bitch about it.
Exclude me? You're not invited to the summer picnic.
Be annoying; Loose Your Google Drive
Defend my family's Honor
Oh, you're exempt from the "no phone calls" rule? Well then, GOOD MORNING BALTIMORE!!!!!
"Yeah, I'll prioritize the easy work for you."
Early morning hotel room revenge
Job Applicants Should Always Be Professional
Ignore all the No Hunting signs and I’m going Doc Hollywood on you, or stay off my lake pt2.
Don't ever stand me up on a date
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned
A “Certified Microsoft technician” called to “fix” my computer, I have fun wasting their time
It’s the little things
Talking about head shapes
Tk-er gets banned
Put parental controls on my phone when I’m almost 16? Hope you like almost being late to a super-important work meeting!
my uncle gave his coworker satan's briefs
My curvy friend embarrassed a fat shamer
Don't be tryin to charge me for a few extra black olives Subway!
unreasonable demands? let me annoy you with a black screen...
Piss in the bourbon
Steal my phone? Smell my fart!
Stealing doesn't pay, especially online.
be a douche customer then...
I'll be happy to return that for you, sir!
I got another nice bit of revenge at work today.
Story found on twitter
annoying little kid
Leave my boat in a mess? I use your cup to clean it.
YOUVE BEEN LOOPED
Condescending? Hope it was worth it.
E-Mail me a patronising rant at work? Feel the full force of my passive aggressiveness.
Steal our tips, get fired
Blocking me from cracking my eggs, get blocked from making cupcakes
The Case of the Missing Name Badge
Didn't accept my money so I walked out on a bill
Bitter Revenge.
Break my glasses? I will be sad. Eat my chocolate now? I will make you sad!
Don't complain about a huge tip, or kama comes to get you.
Showing her ass...
Egg my car, lose $300
I did not think that I had this in me..
Send an spamming text message asking me to vote for someone?
My drawing isn't good? Your ability to dress yourself isn't.
I didn't like to be made fun of when I was young
Last minute Christmas revenge
I got Revenged Porned from someone with a temporary green card who will now be put in jail and lose citizenship, best case scenario.
Next time don't plow your snow into my drive way.
Asshole kitchen worker
Oh? You're thirsty...that's nice.
Had loud, pothead neighbors evicted
Best revenge when I worked at a movie theatre.
Bad roommate and some bad chicken.
Petty revenge backfires. Don't mess with your parents
New neighbor wants to be a passive aggressive bitch? Enjoy your car being towed.
Drive-Thru Shenanigans
Roommate goes on epic WoW binge, won't shower, so I take action
Keep me up all night? Have fun getting out of that tent.
Gotta love sly people...
Put away your trash can
Restaurant SwitcharooXpost from /r/technology... /u/engages dishes out some pettyrevenge
I wrote a mean letter to my friend and I never got in trouble for it.
Parking Karma
Petty revenge on Foodbeast? they seem to be begging for it.
Want to be an asshole and try to force me out of a public parking spot? I can be even more petty than you
Try to berate me? Enjoy being embarrassed in front of all your students!
Go to work sick or get fired? If you say so.
Silly one way subwoofer competition
Bomb my aspirations? Your bag is locked shut
Double parking 0/2. Spot was in the first row AND was one of only a handful of shaded spaces.
Give me shit runs? Win shit prizes
Don't wanna do dishes? Good luck hearing your boyfriend on skype ...
I said I was sorry - that's now changed
Turning wrong numbers into profit!!
Dog learns a lesson.
Put in a special order when we're really busy?
Lazy partner didn't show up to class. I got petty.
Got fired. Little do they know I fucked the VP's mistress and the Director's crush
How my petty revenge went horribly wrong
The one where the title doesn't work
HR doesn't like my curly/thick hair? I'mma dye it purple because there's nothing in the rules to say I can't.
Sugar-Free Revenge
Sit in my seat? Cheat off of me? NO.
Reclining seat: the long game
Make my roommate cry an you'll glimmer for days.
A simple revenge, but satisfying.
BMW driver gets what they deserve.
Move my stuff despite my multiple warnings? Enjoy your own medicine
Upstairs neighbors constantly blasting all sorts of music every day while I work, so I put my sound bar in the vents to blast Weird Al polkas whenever it gets too loud.Messed with my cousin with firecrackers, jokes on me, ended up with hurting eye
This asshat didn't give me my money, so I called his mom
Shampoo in the shower revenge
You want petty? You got petty.Call me fat pervert ? hope you enjoy the strip search!
Spammed me with E-Mails, so I subscribed you to A bunch of online magazines.
Constantly lie, demanding free food? Prepare to be denied free sauce
Wanna be a relentlessly awful roommate? I'll start using your shampoo!!! MUAHAHAHAHA
Call center employees goes on rampage on last day
Douche gamer Billy get deprived of high-end loot.
park your bus outside of a handicap lady’s house? think again
Parking over the line
A colleague ruined the wrestling for me so I ruined his name.
Steal my friends drums? We’re gonna serve you court docs right before your band starts its next show
I'll give him pinkeye. Bitches love pinkeye. Potentially NSFW
Lady that owns Etsy shop has misleading listings, so I mess with her until she closes her shop
Caller ID
Pad lock the porta potty? I'll piss on the lock in sub zero conditions.
Don't leave the printer unattended.
How $1.00 cost you hundreds
Making my best friend mad, how about I revoke your permissions to RMA your hardware.
Don't be an ass to the people making your food.
Freshman lemming teaches senior about karma
Don't scam call me, bitch.
Reacting to my ex's behavior
Start an argument with an Irish person about the Troubles, have fun losing all your privileges and walking in the rain
WANT TO BANG LOUDLY ALL NIGHT?
Honk at me then throw pennies at me? Have fun waiting
Tooth fell out at school. Bleed all over my teachers cream dress.
Take photos during the show? Yeah... No.
Bully me because im autistic? Enjoy missing out the biggest field trip of the year that costs $500!
Horrible Neighbors.
Enter, stranger, but take heed of what awaits the sin of greed.
Woman who blocked my way gets her way blocked.
Funny (if not necessarily "passive-aggressive") notes from pissed-off people
It's the small things in life:
14 year old kid tried to open my bathroom stall, I slammed his fingers in the door.
Don't burn your bridges
Ketchup Revenge
Oh, so you wanna ride up on my ass while I'm going 75 on the freeway?
Act like a bitch? Lose $10.
Won't honor the bet you made with me? Have fun not having access to my car.If you didn’t like me before, you sure as hell hate me now
Old couple always fights at night, we'll vacuum every morning as early as possible
Come back from 1 hitpoint to win the hearthstone game? Wait 75 seconds first
Lalala can't hear you.
Surprised school bully many years later by befriending his daughter.
Still parking here? Feel my wrath.
Tell me the doctor who saw me for an emergency room visit is “Out-of-Network”? You’ll get your money, eventually...
Stupid review gets you 1 star
Helpful reminder: Jim isn’t at this number
Army Reservist Petty Revenge
Guy wasn't going to let me out of my driveway, I made him wait at the lights as punishment.
Out lifted a body builder
Get free amazon gift card
Using my Netflix is NOT aloud
help wanted to take petty revenge
Nosey Nancy
It's the thought that counts.
I hold the key to the power in the house.
Be a terrible downstairs neighbour? Fine, 1mbps internet for you!
I'm really quite petty. But I felt somewhat justified about this one.
You enjoying Breaking Bad that much? Then you won't mind watching episodes twice.
Food thieves
This is a real letter from my HOA. Its currently stuck on my fridge with a magnet.
Don't Mess With a Man's Grill!
Piddle Puppy Punishment
Any hot or mild sauce with that?
Cute girl in short shorts darted out in front of my car when I had the green light, but I got my revenge...
Teachers that beat me
Kids card games bring the worst out of us
Abuse me for over 10 years? Have fun carrying out the family's name!
How to get petty revenge on yourself
Please look. Students were chanting about the rival team basketball players dead mom.
Crush a woman's car with all of her stuff in it because she didn't pay me.
Hid My Sister's Wireless Earpud
A Juicy Surprise
Ignore us working? That's cool I'll be petty
Name tag revenge
No posters for you!
Force a stupid survey down our throats? Fine, enjoy your fucked up results.
Time To Wake Up
Revenge against the magazine
Call me stupid? Enjoy not having your iPad for a few days.
Entitled Karen Gets Locked In Walmart
Never knew my Dad was such a master of revenge!
Coworker Implied I Was Faking Sick
Primary school bully and petty revenge
Don't shut up at midnight? Deal with my car alarm
Petty snide comment on my friends birthday.
Ditch me, I ruin your weekend
You want to be racist and raid my pantry? Then I'll crash your partyShaming Witches With a French Children's Song
Not actually my revenge, but my idea.
What I do when drivers at night don't turn off their brights...
Students vs professor
"Friend" only liked my dolls.....
Revenge is sweet... And sticky
Friend assumes I don't study because I have a social life? Good luck on your next group project.
She got the revenge here...
Lie about me? Have fun dealing with an angry teen.
Treat me like shit, the shitting game is on
People in my area tailgate when they don't like how much stopping distance you have from the car in front of you. So I disproportionately extend my stopping distance and keep disproportionately increasing it the closer they get to me to piss them off. And it does piss them off.
The case of the blocked drains
You need to clean out your pantry anyways.
Honk and swear at me will you?
Wanna be passive aggressive?
I'm just here to rock out
Harass me for being autistic, have fun being stranded
Not really my revenge but yunno...
Dont hurt meh friend
I Got wet sticky revenge on a Karen
I'm so proud of myself
spicy
Don't waste my time.
Be secretly nasty and think others in the family don't know? Family obligation-type gift exchanges are suddenly revenge served à la petty.
Fast walker rage
Two kinds of dishes (x-post /r/ProRevenge)
Another annoying customer story
Got yourself pregnant? Say goodbye to your unicorns!
Make my term hell? Have fun inhaling mould.
Petty revenge with a small amount back
Obnoxiously drunk at my party and making everyone uncomfortable? Looks like I left your shoes in the rain.
Revenge Fucked My Teacher to get back at her husband who was my guidance coordinator
Cat gets stinky revenge on my roommate
Tail gate me, well enjoy this puddle.
Petty Revenge on Indian Scammers
Circuit City Fire Alarm Revenge
A called out a racist and he lost his best friends and became afraid of me
Roommate didn't care that he cost me marks in class by repeatedly resetting the router, so I cost him money in live tournaments and his spot on the team.
I Provoked Some Pre-Pubescent Panic
Think you can get away with snubbing me just because you're a cat? NO DICE.
Friends dad wants to smash my head in. Learnt the hard way isn't always fighting.
Brother in law is a dick
I don't enjoy being overcharged for Internet
Savoury, Savoury revenge.
Slow your roll, Grandma
I sabotaged an old co-workers relationship while he was on a date
Petty Revenge on My Sexist Brother
Bully Me? I’ll just take out the trash...
Count ‘em and weep
I speak English too
Bye Bye!
My brother lied to my mam
Kid blows me off through craigslist after I drive an hour so I call the last person he wants me too.
French gay marriage petty revenge
Have fun carrying that
Bathroom Justice
Starched Eyeballs
So my last day of internships came to a close...
Roommate tries to play a game of chicken when it comes to buying TP
Try to steal our parking? Don’t have one at all!
PET-ty Revenge: The Spoiled Stepford
Petty revenge on girlfriend.
I'm going to humiliate this guy to our entire town. Including his parents. Why? He hurt me - mentally and physically.
Don’t steal my lead
“Karma” is a bitch
Years of piano lessons often come in handy
Mildly inconsiderate roommate
I am muted, but I can hear you.
Single me Out? Prepare for Trouble.
Your why I voted for Trump
That's what you get for being nosy for your nephew's guilt
Bully me and then expect homework help? That's not how things work hun.
Don't forget to tip your waitresses.
Fake friend insults me and is mean to me so I ruin his Minecraft dreams
If I ever make it on the radio, I want him to hear it!
Be a dick? Good luck finding the corkscrew.
Mess with my sleep? I hope you like the Beethoven.
Remind me never to make my kids mad
My revenge was ghosting her, cutting out the bad parts of my life, and leaving her to deal with the mess she made.
Adventures with TSA
Isn't direct revenge, but damn it feels good every day.
They thought I wasn't good enough to eat in their restaurant...... I proved them right.
Argue with me? Enjoy a night of lockdown!
Petty revenge on obnoxious roommate.
My social security number has been compromised...
I hope you like tomato sauce.
Teacher slapped me
Sleep in my bed and I'll sleep in yours: revenge against my daughter
No, I insist. *You* throw this away.
Have a loud party over my bedroom until 4 AM? Enjoy 10 hours of Trololo under yours.
Want to lie about our sex life. Well hope you enjoy your fake herpes.
I sold my classmate her own earphones
Do NOT steal a guy's meal
Amazon "Guaranteed" Shipments
junkie neighbors get a taste of their own medicine
Stop talking so fast.
I dislike loud people
Do you like Milkshakes?
Steal my Blockbuster identity? Prepare for Christmas sadness!
부산오피〚의정부오피∼TOP〛b a m w a r 1 0 닷 C o mㅣ▷ 밤의전쟁 ◁ㅣ두정동오피
Cut me off 3 times?
Friend is cheap and petty and charged me $3.85 for a Lyft to my brother's house I invited her to stay at.
Game...off?
My Neighbor smacked my dog hard enough his nose was bleeding.
Make me quit because I’m gay? Have fun making new batches of sauces.
I ignored my high school bully for 2 whole years and it drove him crazy
So I found the honewreckers social media..
I fired a former supervisor who treated me poorly and fired me
My girlfriend's mom blew a lot of money on drugs and now she can't buy my girlfriend a birthday present
You were totally home!
That time my friend's phone was swarmed with dick pics
Cut me off...while walking?!
Petty Revenge? Two can play. McDonalds.
Rush me and You'll Just Wait Longer
Five miles of bad road...
Cone me twice, shame on on me.
Try to block me off? Have fun in your corner!
Fuck with me? Get put in rehab.
Take my cheese? Have fun losing your video games.
My petty revenge and fist experience with a karen
Noisy neighbours
Ignore me when I try to get your attention? Enjoy getting 12 emails a minute.
Want to take my nail polish without asking? I'll make it terrible.
Embarrassed jerkoff Sams club cashier after he tried to make me look bad in front of other customers in line.
Endgame
You want to steal from your fellow co-workers? Ok, have this too!
My first time doling out petty revenge. It felt good.
Enjoy the cheese, bitch.
You're trick-or-treating and you're 24? Enjoy!
I have a separate tray for a reason
Neglectful dad gets subtle petty revenge
VW Beetles are great to park
I promise I’ll bring the key back!
Have fun
Hoping you guys can help me carry out a petty revenge
Gamecube Petty Revenge
293-96-5193
I hope you call the janitor.
Rude Administrator Gets Porn-Canned
i want to do something petty and i need your help
Insert interesting title about a dog that won’t shut up and it’s owner who doesn’t care here.
Trolls needed
Oopsie
Robbed the person who stole my phone’s house
Stop taking my parking space!
Entitled family gets revenge.
Hotel Royale or The history of all hitherto existing society is the history of class struggles
Want me to work when I asked for it off? Nah mate.
Girl bullies and beats up my sister, I make sure the popular kids hate her next year
Marinara with your pizza?
If you abuse your server on Valentine's Day...
Commute to work revenge
Bank surcharge revenge
sweet sweet drunk revenge
If you can be shallow, I can be petty.
&lt;&lt;&lt;비트머니&gt;&gt;&gt; 핸드폰소액결제현금화*정보이용료*상품권*미납*다날정책(sk,kt) 010/4676/2555 카톡yes255
Drive-by cheesing = highway justice
Petty Concert Parking Revenge
You want my supervisor? Sure, but he's not as nice as me
Won’t work for me when I’m sick? Ok bet.
Accuse me of stealing? Sleep less comfortably than normal.
Stressed a landlord who refused to return my damage deposit
Spam email time
Don't harass me about vaping.
An entitled brother, a parking spot, and a puddle of pee
3 strikes and I’m out.
Any time my wife doesn't replace a toilet roll that she exhausted, I will do it for her. However, I will install the roll backwards so that the flap will burn under the roll, which she hates.
Mock me and give me a hard year at work? Enjoy crumby granola bars.
What Real World?
Fishtailing On Ice
Not pay me? I'm not coming back!
Act stupid and then mess up a simple order, have fun cleaning the deep fryer.
Stupid Girl at a Concert
Queen Bee gets a taste of her own medicine.
Keep me awake until 1am? Enjoy your 3.30am wake up
Being extra petty towards my husband in the middle of a snowstorm
woman spits on my moms face and pays for it
Bitter Cake a chefs scorn
Blind revenge.
Don't fuck with the people who work with you.
Can petty revenge include hypocrites screwed over by the world? My parents: the fiscal conservatives.
Harass my friend? Enjoy your pooping dog!
I don't pick what country grows these cherries!
Multi-Level-Marketing Mother-In-Law
Can I get you some tissue?
Was in AITA but was told this is a better place for it... slight rewording since this isn’t the AITA sub.
How to get back at COVID-19 hysteria resellers.
Airing dirty laundry
Text me out of the blue will ya?!
What a cheater deserves.
Razor revenge
“You’re definitely not my type...”
You already had a chance to ruin our photos. Now it's our turn to ruin yours!
When a kid is being a brat in a noisy and public area, I casually get close to them...
Boyfriend gets pissed one of his vendors employees sends his GF flowers.
Bought ‘em with my daddy’s money
Honestly too petty for petty revenge
Wanna flash me with your headlights?
Deceive me into thinking I got a full time position, I ruin 100 employees corporate BBQ/Theme Park day
Revenge on my oldest siblings who bullied me as a kid
My cousin is an evil bitch
turn off the heat? ill use up the oil
Lie about having extra roommates? Have fun being locked out of the wifi
Roommate
You Want Me To Hire You After You Treated Me Like Dirt?
Spontaneous revenge... almost a decade later
Douche Trucker
My ex roommate wrote me a bad check when he gave me my deposit back. Ideas?
Unpopular New Years Resolution
Manchild rages at me on my last day at my restaurant job
Do yo feel like a winner now?
Some guy spoiled the Red Wedding for me. Got my revenge 2 years later
So the light has been green for a second or two and you need to honk me? Very well.
Fake finger nail women. (x-post from my askreddit comment)
Why you should always know if your crush has siblings
Blankie revenge
Boot, Tag &amp; Tow!
Point out my flaws? I’ll just point out your bad work ethic!
i got my sister disowned by my entire family.
Phone Number Revenge
Bully, and ignorant teacher enjoy earrape music.
Clean Enough, Nosy Aunt Rosie?
My last hurrah...
Need help for ideas - I have a scammers email address
Be rude to me, I'll buy your lunch
Petty Revenge against my cat. (Pet-ty, get it?)
Petty revenge witnessed at Walmart Parking lot
I Have A Cat Too, You Know
My little sister ate my last slice of pizza while I slept...help me plan some petty revenge!
Have fun matching the GPS coordinates
Good Riddance, Racist Asshole
Two can play that game!
Can't control your child? This is gonna be a long unpleasant flight.
Dont bodyshame me when you're made of plastic
Rocket League Revenge
There are always people more connected than you are
You want to get frap all over me? Oops, it's all over the plushes you bought now
I need to take petty revenge on a stingy/forgetful roommate, advice?
Steal my craft, I’ll steal it right back
That will teach you to take my job.
Actor cons con men
Don't use netflix on the wifi, especially if you don't live in my apartment.
I stole something from my parents and let my brother take the blame
Fun in the snow
Try to run over pedestrians? Time for petty revenge!
My roommate was hospitalized today. I am not upset. In fact, I'm about to make it worse and the asshole deserves it.
Of.course you're more important than every other car on the road.
Hope you enjoy your drink!
A positively acidic response
Something doesn't smell right...
Stiff me on rent? Good luck filling my room without notice.
Double-team revenge at the drive-thru
The story of JASPERS (a craigslist pet story)
No speed racing for you
My crazy ex college roommate who frequently overdrank peed in my trash can....
Block our numbers? No return of contribution to you!
Get Sprayed
The snuggle blanket
Tailgate me not
Posted this as a reply somewhere else. It was recommended I post it here... Revenge on a Micromanager
I blinded a driver who was aggressively tailgating me in the slow lane
Call me a fagot, deal woth the consequences
A conference room is not your private office.
부평오피#숙대역오피b a m w a r 1 0 . 컴▷ㅣ 밤의전쟁 ㅣ◁강남오피∼아프리카
The pettiest of the petty.
Update to "Out-hogging the Gym Hog"
Boyfriend was being a jerk, so I got him real good.
Christmas Gift Pettiness.
Want to harass a flight attendant? be ready to get embarrassed
Neighbour blasted pop music so loud my dishes were rattling... Unfortunately for them, I'm a metalhead.
Revenge on Queue Jumper
Annoy me during class? Fine. Go right ahead.
Employment Verification
Entitled housemate’s friend moves in and gets no internet
In a hurry? Enjoy the box.
They wanted my fries, so I gave one
Distract me through my music performance. Enjoy the new type of music I made for you.
I was in such a good mood before this guy decided to ruin my day
Helping my friend move
Leave my disks out, fine yours go in backwards
Going to try to get my abusive ex boyfriend fired from his job
You want to deliberately be an inconvenience to my employees. I'll just make the most inconvenient policy to put an end to that.
Revenge on my grandmas roommate?
Getting revenge on my step-mom.
Take my spot? Have fun trying to drive home.
Enjoy your popcorn!
You expect me to enjoy your wedding? I'll get you sick
Angry Homeowner Takes Revenge With A Bag Of Gravel
You don't let me sleep, lie to my face and mess with my things? Drink your nails!
Got in an argument about 20 cents
School project nightmare
Be a dick to me? Enjoy getting up early on your day off because you're to hot to sleep
Steal from another team? Now you can't swim.
Entitled kid gets shot with bottle rocket and covered in mud after throwing rocks at my house and spreading rumors about me at school
No bleach for you
Me And My Friends Got Even With Bully Teacher By Taking/Loosening All The Screws In His Chair
Waxing Revenge
You steal my weed and deny it ? Take a spicy hit
If This Was The Best I could Get, I'm OK With That
Excuse me ma'am, I think I found your items and it said "reward if found."
A mediocre cake for mediocre people.
Don't make me stay late then talk shit on my boss.
Two Scoops, Please!
I asked a rich, privileged white lady if she worked at the grocery store.
Post not seen in feed
Told friend about a party (there's wasnt one)
I don't care who used my shampoo my dear roommates. Now, fight.
it ain’t much but it’s honest work
Neighbor Revenge...maybe....
My neighbor is a teenager and I can't stand him
ID Please
Commuting Revenge
Fuck you, alpaca!
A long story explaining my issues with a horrible cleaner.
My Dad's car got clamped
Enjoy the next bonfire
B*tch neighbor
I am the gastric avenger!
I'm trying to get someone fired from their server job
A revenge most accidental (and petty)
Little Brother Being a Butthole, I buy the loudest vacuum on the face of the earth.
Bad ex, now also officially known as a bad driver
wasting telemarters times
Cold, heartless and soul sucking am I?
Racist, sexist patient gets more than he bargained for.
Revenge on a debit card fraudster
Rude to my coworker?
I bought the last two pancakes at the school cafeteria
Family affairs
I'll waste her time too
I put a fake note on a Corvettes windshield that read "Sorry I hit your car, you probably won't even notice the damage" because it was taking up four spots.
Don't take my phone with out asking
The most annoying and pleasurable flight of my life.
Laptop scam
My cheating grandmother got her just deserts!
Wanna be an arrogant witch? Forget being comfortable, then.
Package thief strikes again so I keyed his car.
Every time someone from my apartment leaves their laundry in the communal dryer over night...
Turn about
Let’s trade: my not picked up trash for your undelivered mail!
No candy for you.
"Clean your already clean room!" Backfires big time!
He called in sick the next day.
Don't mess with hotel workers
Sweet sweet petty revenge
Dumbass kid gets what he deserves
You're going to email unflattering things about me to my coworker? I'm gonna have you wondering...
Stranger put an icecube down the back of my pants at the club...
Neighbor kept making noise complains without any reason, got them fined a big amount as a parting gift
Annoying neighbour advice
Doors Opened, No Doors Shut.
Deprive me of free fruit? Hope you like spiders
An interesting paint trick.
Don't use my mug.
Gay drama teacher shuts down homophobic mom
Don't invite me for lunch? I won't share my free drinks.
A Virtual War Over A Block-Based Universe
Enjoy a half-cooked quesadilla, you cretin
Make me wait? I'll make you wait too.
A bathroom revenge story
Inconsiderate driver has to wait for me, now.
Fire my wife, wade through spam!
Jerk-butt wants to lie, no notes for you.
No, I would not like a wellness card
I have never experienced anything like this in my life...
Manager regrets harassing coworkers when he becomes butt of his own joke
Bathroom Cleanup
Borrow My Vest Without Asking? I'll Keep the Change.
A cats revenge
My brother is lazy
Being an asshole? I'll delay you even more then!
Exposed my internet flirt who used me for nudes and later became my online bully
Lord over everyone because you're a doctor? Lord over THIS!
Be a dick to the handicapped? Here is your cart back.
Don't take my stuff
Update on revenge efforts toward the grown woman who decided to pour a drink over my head at a bar.
AT&amp;T tries to screw me over $139, I actually screw them out of $72,000
Want free pizza? Join a damn rewards program instead of wasting my time.
Wake me up at 5am when I have work in the morning?
Boating trip.
You get porn spam! You get porn spam! You all get Porn spam!
Park in a handicapped spot? Enjoy getting out, jerk
Two-faced cow
The Time my Cat Got Her Petty Revenge.
Weeaboo Justice
Some like it hot
You Wont Move? Ok Bud Hear Me Slurp My Soup
Bachelorette, please!
How to scam the scammer - or Dont wake me up at 6.30 am you rat bastard!
Roommate likes it too hot.
Dogs day petty revenge
Child con artist
Soggy Sandwiches
Don't tune your f***ing ukulele while I'm sleeping...
Schedule a one hour meeting that starts at 5pm?
What she doesn't know will cost her
Fine, I'll do your dishes.
Karma hit a rude train lady
Jerk me around during escrow? You can wait a while to get your deposit back!
Rude in the drive-thru? Enjoy less of everything you love.
Someone put their phone on top of mine in the pigeon holes at work
Fuck your Indie series - My nanowrimo revenge
My music's too loud for you? Try silence.
Just because you can hear me, doesn't mean I'm speeding!
Laxatives help.Asshole lady
Teacher makes me hand in assignment early as punishment, backfires
Just found this sub... Drunk as fuck. Got back at my older asshole brother this Christmas.
If you SPAM me, put some effort into it.
A taste for a taste
Scare me, well I'll scare you.
A turn of the screw
I made the district manger lose his store
Enjoy your ride.
Revenge on asshole competitor
Fighting back against the bullies!
Bully me? Enjoy getting expelled
Email signature revenge
Flight attendants appreciate your attention during the safety demonstrations
You spoiled Avengers for me. I spoiled GoT for you. Fuck you.
Turning lights off for annoying tour guide
Grocery store revenge
Got manager fired
Petty Pregnant Lady
I can't bum a cig? Fine...
Embarrassed my friend after he kicked me
The Lawn and Garden Troll
Want revenge?gain access to anyone account
Pick my brother as the favorite step son, ok alright then.
Make me spend 15 minutes on making a birthday card in Photoshop? I hope you're ready for months of war
Color vs Colour
take your items out of the basket
Enjoy my groceries touching your arm.
Fan yells “Overrated!” At Bryce Harper. 3 seconds later...
My wife moved out of our house... so I made it ever so slightly more frustrating for her to do so.
Blind me with your brights? Enjoy the leisurely journey.
Looking for revenge help from fellow redditors! :)
Kit Kats
My ex cheated and I told our bankers
Was asked to put on a REAL shirt at liquor store by a security guard.
Cool Patrol saves yet another...
As asshole's party guest pissed on my car.  Said asshole was a 'neighbor' at my apt blding.  Revenge served... cold.
The owner is painting this unit, I know that’s what I’m doing!
Park like an asshole and hit my car? Here’s two years of a daily minor inconvenience
Tailgaters...
Look behind you before flipping someone off, they might be a police officer.
Waste some of my time? I'll waste some of your time.
No, your "baby" son can't have candy!
Request: I need to return a shirt, in an interesting way.
I like my horses like I like my cars...
Revenge on thief
I ask if you need help and that's how you talk to me? Ok then.
Someone with seniority took my corner office
The petty revenge of an 8 year old
5 y.o. me petty bicycle revenge.
Enjoy your morning coffee
Lazy breaks my grade in school? Oh hellllll no!
Three punks in London
Best friend ghosts me so I keep using her cable login.
Got the best use of a shopping cart I have ever had
No Trivia Glory For You
Bully me then hit on me? Oh, now it's ON.
Be a bad airplane passenger and I make your relaxation anything but relaxing
You don’t want to pay the electric bill on time? Your room is now possessed by a demon.
Logged into my google account? Screw you
Anti-masker in my school gets recked in dodgeball (I think this was taken down last time)
Egotistical Girl I Rejected Tries to Belittle Me; I Ignore Her
You tried to pick a fight with me for a petty reason? I can be petty too.
Karen gets called out infront of friends
Girl from work that blew me off the day of 2nd date and gave a lying reason why
I just wrote a bad review on google (used an alias of course) about my former boss.
Don't Mess With The World's Greatest Mother
Just pay your tab
Sure, I read your email.
The Other Side of Petty Revenge (or, Why Petty Revenge Can Be a Good Thing)
Petty idiot tries to get friends ip and infect it with malware over Minecraft scamming, gets debunked and banned due to simple google search.
Petty Revenge: Childhood Edition.
It's not MY fault that YOU can't drive
Bully me in Saturday school? You're not getting that precious award.
Don't want to do your dishes eh?
Want to ruin everyone's fun in a card game? you're about to find out just how frustrating things are about to get for you
Scream at me for something stupid? You can go to the Ren Faire alone
Play a prank? Use you ears to listen to what you need to write down
Entitled subordinate must learn things the hard way
French girl talking crap about English speakers.
I get 50p, some Pokémon and revenge...I gained 50p, some Pokémon and revenge...
No Pie For You
You want to start stuff I'll get a big dude to try to get 2.50 from you that I owe
My UPSTAIRS NEIGHBOUR is ANNOYING me 24X7. What to do? How to Cope?
A kid makes fun of my autistic brother, so I let him have it.
Neighbor won't turn his flood lights off
Email
"Can you do math?"
The dangers of Dihydrogen Monoxide
You want to pee on the floor at 2 am? Alright...
You snore? Now you're out of cream pies.
Boast about your fast car? Let the world know!
Cut the line? No pizza for you
No tip? No fun!
Got kicked from a GCSE group project for having cancer
retail revenge
She never payed me money she owed, I return kindness with poo
Kid stole from me and I got him back
We do all the work and you complain? Fine, you can do the dishes
kindda weak
wanted to move in to this "superb" apartment
Got abused today. Ready to get some revenge on the people that blamed me
Gonna bitch about a homeless man asking for money? Have fun eating lunch next to him.
Boyfriends petty revenge at work
I'm not gonna pay for your comfort
I don't like your terrible singing
Make fun of me?
Landlord wouldn't lower my AC from 80F to 76F, so I got my own air conditioner and now all my reptiles need huge heat lamps.
Fire me, lose your tax credit
"Having a second job proves you are unfit to work here". Okay! Have fun working my shifts!!
Pretty sure my local Postal worker is stealing mail. Want to track them down and catch them.
My brother hates me now *extremely petty*
Extra Crunchy Tacos
Steal my switch, I’ll essentially brick it
Her dog destroyed the couch and she is furious I wouldn't pay bills (after I moved out)
Do your work in a group project
Revenge dump
Foot Massage
PETTY REVENGE SUGGESTION: HAVE A CLIP OF AZARI AZIZ ReADIng REDDIT R/PETTYREVENGE POSTS.
Think I should speed up on a icy road, why don't you see why thats a bad idea!
Dog delivers message.
Phone hide and seek
New shampoo bottle? I'll pour it down the drain!
Hoping this is considered petty... here's another "I got back at my evil ex-boss" story!
You want to steal my mail? I'll give you something to steal.
Reddit, how did you get revenge on a bully, thief, or adversary in general?
Simon says, "Have some petty revenge"
Buried and gone
Don’t give me my concert tickets? I’ll make sure yours don’t work!
A reason to burn dinner
Get me in trouble at work? I’ll get you in trouble at school!
A spelling error leads to escalating pettiness.
That ain't chocolate ...
Petty revenge on an ex-girlfriend
Break my heart then ask for my gifts back? Fine, take em.
I got revenge on my sister.
Fat shaming fat cat gets fat shamed
Don't like my weed smoke? Enjoy my symphony of smells!
There is a reason why you have a dent in your car.
Oreos are bad for you
Sonic revenge on builders ruining my sunday morning
If you don't follow courtesy rules I won't either.
Petty revenge doggy style
Shitty neighbor got what she deserved
Cut me off? Hope you like the slow road.
Girl tries selling me an MLM Make-up product, and was really rude when I declined
Neighbor threatens to sue me for something ridiculous, so I take action first
Big mistake, Huge
I'm sorry, I'm not Google Maps.
Entitled dickhead vows never to return!
reverse racism
Hope you like the smell of petty revenge.
The Professor in my subject always pressuring me for time, I had to do something even if stupid
Pretend to be sick? Have fun leaving the house
Why yes I can put an end to your flirting!
Neighbor vs neighbor.
Won't change the lock? How do you like being locked out?
Be rude and need something from me? Alrighty then.
principal trys to insult a female blacksmith ends up not getting his car worked on
Let your Dog Shit in my Lawn and don’t pick it up? Let it pile up on your crap car windshield.
I got My Roommate's Money's Worth
your coffee isn't even worth it
The story of Kieth, my douche roommate who gets what he deserves.
My crazy music teacher
Black kid racist to me? Get ready to feel the wrath.
A not so petty revenge.
Sauced it to my boss
How to get back at “dad”…
Gettin sick and tired of these movie theaters
Dont guess my ethnic background
My girlfriend doesn't want to go out tonight, the first night we have alone in around a month, so I'm getting her back with farts
Mean Girl in High School? Karma
Leave the Microwave alone.
Now the whole store knows you’re a jackass
Samantha is a bitch!
Gross us out at lunch, we'll make you lose yours!
$13 is your change. Literally.
He farted in my face. Then he overdosed on coke in a park near my home.
Need help with gym bullies
The upstairs neighbor turned the water on while I was in the shower.
The Cootie Game 😷😏
What are some ways to deal with asshole parking? 😈
The First Floor Gargoyle
Roommates lock me out, Karma happens
Entitled mom gets nuts, over Optimus Prime
Killed my HOA
Drive like an ass? Enjoy your hefty ticket
At the drive through of a taco joint, I encountered this guy....
It takes so long for me to hurry my dog past your back yard...
Slander my name?
If my girlfriend let's you in front of her in the bathroom line, be grateful.
Just the sour cream.
Petty airline revenge
Keep putting the gross hand towel on my towel and I'll keep reminding you...
I learned the one thing she couldn't do!
Scummy thief "customer" comes in for a "refund"Small town village revenge unveiled
I need help with getting an annoying stuck up kid at my schoolBe an asshole, get exact change back.
Deliberately let a patient hit me? That's cool. (xpost from r/talesfrommedicine)
Drive over my yard? Fine, say goodbye to those tires.
You should just concentrate
Bacon thief gets what's coing to him
Mom's petty revenge
F*** Booking.com
Bitch Ruined my Essay Grade? You are Going DOWN!
Make sure to use soap
friend flexs on me with his subs next day my friends proceed to fuck with his account with bots
I can’t enter the elevator? You’ll just miss your bus.
GF's narcissistic mother gets a wake up call.
Short, but as petty as you can make it
Invisible, am I? I'll show you invisible.
10 Years Coming
In a rush? How about now?
Left her twisting in the wind.
Aquarium Revenge
Phantom of the opera saves the day
I caused an annoying girl to fail her math test
Office supplies
my popular post to /r/pettyrevenge was removed without explanation, so I sent a polite message to the sub mods.
Sell me fake weed and hash? I'll make sure everyone knows you're an asshole.
Sari-sari store snob
Good luck getting into your parcel
Have sex in the room next to me while I’m deathly sick and trying to sleep? Have fun getting sick during graduation!
Constantly kill me online? I'll waste your time
Just a little bit of revenge
Enjoy your vacation, but don't rub it in...
"Best friend" ruined my life and then played the victim when I reacted to it. Have fun explaining this one to your parents.
I ordered 80$ worth of pizza for a non-existant client.
Some kids try to steal all of our Halloween candy...
bully me? have a nice can too your face
win gift card with us
Decaf Coffee
No peace for transphobes :)
Bully gets stood up
former employer sent a voided check
Entitled revenge.
I get a bad grade. I will know what happened
Try to call me out on using my rights? Look like a fool in front of your students.
"Have a day."
Night time traffic revenge
Friend owns a bar, had an old classmate try to use a fake ID and she shuts him down.
Sister pissed me off a lot
Got scammed on the street for an embarassing amount of money, but I have their phone number.
Petty flip phone
Have your Techie fix this....
Teenage Revenge on Bully
Teacher and Principal Team up for some Petty revenge on a EM
Another douchebag taking up two parking spaces
After countless interruptions during dinner, I used my computer to waste telemarketer's time instead
Tree sticker revenge
My brother stole my laptop so I rearranged all of his LEGO helmets.
Steal by ball. Pay for it.
This Is The Best Petty Revenge I've Ever Seen.
You’ve got mail
Golfer Man Strikes Back
She thought she almost hit us
Being arrogant? Have fun without your water bottle.
This girl who used to be in my tech class just wouldn't shut up
pettyrevenge
Blind me with your high beams in a dark road despite me signaling you about them...? I would rather not.
Slingshot toting, aspiring mischief maker gets a lesson on physics and instant karma
Messy Housemate Isn't Getting His Full Deposit Back...
Apartment Management is Absolute Trash
Slow revenge, slow leak, not petty enough?
Jump over my seats? I cut your balls off
Why yes, salt and sugar do look alike.
How to get revenge on someone using their phone number?
Plane-y revenge
Aunt Takes the Wind out of Blowhard Uncle
Prom Revenge
She bullied me, I ruined her reputation.
Be a condescending asshole? Have fun trying to open your bags.
Asshole dogs
Can't take me off the mailing list? Enjoy bulk rate mail revenge!
A Mothers Revenge
Petty revenge on an ex
cat lady revenge
Honk at me in gridlocked traffic? I'll get revenge twice.
I just nuked my cult leader boss's business
Congratulations, you played yourself (long)
Refuse to even say "OK"? Let me make your life slightly more difficult.
Buddy has noisy drunken sex and wakes me up. I fight back with pettiness.
He lied to me so I embarrassed him in front of 2 of his exes and the counselor
Steal my phone good luck sleeping
Have fun going to work with nasty smelling shoes.
Oh, so you forgot to bring your pen...
We didn't have ice cream and complained and my parents said that the store was closed.
"This is not your property"
I hope you enjoy your bread.
It all started with sand that smelt like wee....
I'm a bitch to my bitch.
I jizzed down my co-workers girlfriends throat and told him about itI just down my co-workers girlfriends throat and told him about it
You take my desk then get me introuble fine ill use ur logic aginst you
Don’t want to help me? Fine enjoy explaining nonsense
Keep The Change
Didn't let me play on the Xbox well here is a revenge
I got used for my homework so I “forgot” to draw her in my end of the year comic for the class.
A city's amazing, petty revenge.
Diet coke for Regular coke
I made the asshole cry
Shiny 4x4 driver doesn't get their way
Why yes, I am still using this!
Oh you want to mess with the A/C?
My husbands cheating on me
Don’t use my soap!
Roommate wants tea? Too bad
My mom made me shovel the walk earlier than I wanted to today, so I tracked some snow into the house
Bad case of the shivers
Liquor Store Brawl Number 1
I Revenge Stunk Up The Apartment
Double standards? Good thing you looove cleaning!
Never fuck with an entire marching band
Covid pay
Jobs that are hard to apply to
Making companies pay...1 click at a time
Get a former coworker fired twice?
Neighbor using my address without asking
Giving my scum bag of an ex a taste of his own medicine
My brother's boss kept stealing his lunch
This is what you get when you steal my cookies
Roommate who keep stealing shampoo ends up washing his air with piss
Crazy Trespasser
Mess with my wife's garden, enjoy some damage.
Prankster workmate doesn't like it when the joke is on him
My attempt at revenge turned out better than expected
Ah, yes, that appointment
You have no money for me to take in the divorce.....
knock knock, motherf#@$er
Hey, I'm walkin' here!!!
The saltiest prostitute I know
Natural conspiracies
"Drop your shit and get out of here"
My roommate let his friend have sex in my bed while I was on away vacation.
Call me gay, well your mum didn't like it
Make us freeze in the cold rain? Enjoy the blinking odometer in your face!
Overreaction but Excellent Revenge
Oh you burned your eyebrows off? HA
Guess I'll just be goth.
Wet package returned to post office, which does not like it.
Cut me in line? That's okay...
Lack of planning on your part does not constitute an emergency on mine.
Revenge at a Funeral
"Here are the apples you've lost"
Oh, you got banned from Reddit? Might as well request your subreddit.
Game center owner accuses students of vandalism...
Had a roommate decide to not clean up her cigarette ashes around my cats, soooo....
She said she did not need my help, so I did not give her my help.
Revenge on predatory street vendor.
I control the internet of this house... you shouldn't have done that.
My mums bf's false teeth
You parked illegally? Not my fault.
Sharing The Road
I need some ideas to get back at the biggest asshole I've ever encountered.
That's not Gatorade you're drinking!
Guy keeps calling my extension and hanging up.
Smoke at your own risk
A scammer is trying to get me to send my computer to Nigeria as a present for his wife, and has sent me a fake etransfer email. So far I'm going along with it. What should I do to mess with him? (Details inside)
Dad gets back at army officer for being a douche
I work for an order line
Roommate refuses to speak to me, so she gets locked out during winter.
Taxi driver tries to exploit disabled man and regrets it.
Stop signs exist for a reason
Stickers
Won't take one minute so I can get some food? Say by to ten in the morning.
Oh you wanted your bloody mary extra spicy?
No, I won't go to your church. Take my bedroom door? I have a plan to fix that, REAL quick.
Now she will never stop smelling me.
Why my grandfather dropped out of High School.
I changed my Hulu password so my friend couldn’t finish all of the shows he was in the middle of watching after I found out he lied to me.
I was just trying to help you!
Local used car place sold me a crap car, they shut down a year later
Don't steal my Gatorade
Steal my money, get bombarded with phone calls and texts.
It's fun to get revenge at the YMCA.
Hack my account on Thanksgiving? Enjoy your free crap
Don’t touch people’s clothes
Prank call for a YouTube video have fun with the spam.
Take my stuff? Well isn’t karma jerk
Whole Foods shopping cart police
Don't piss off your waitress.
Don't follow through with your plans? No stuffed animals for you!
Mess with my movie experience? Get shut down.
NAH.
Don't you hate when a dealership glues one of their badges to the bumper of your car for free advertising? So do I.
Make me work short staffed every day and give me all the heavy work, I'll just stop working
Make sure you have the upper hand before angrily seeking revenge
I treated my parents bathroom the same way they treated mine.
Bouncer won't let us in so we called the owner.
Gatorade
Send me home, lose your job.
Call me a slur? Good luck finding the bus!
Need to get revenge on a jerk at school.
My parents had a petty fight
Returning a shitty diaper back to it's rightful owner.
Fighting fire with fire (except the 'fire' is actually farts)
Neighbor’s rooster’s wouldn’t STFU so I got them arrested
Terrible Tenant Gets Wet Mail
Be an obnoxious, creepy jerk? I will slowly drive you insane
Don't mess with the pregnant lady!
You lie to me and use me. enjoy being single
Placed an innocent review of a product on Facebook page, idiot is offended so writes 17 novel length long, psycho-analyzing me and my review.
Don't Stand so Close to me
Enjoy my booger
Have Some Grass Clippings!
Did you nose?
Cool, take the elevator
"Are you stupid in the head?"
I made the person that tried to shame my bottle feeding cry by telling a terrible lie.
Some Petty Revenge against my Managers
Half sisters were due child support, from their dad.
Dog ruined my grandfather's 700€ savings and ran away
Couple ruins movie by being douchebags
Don't mess with my daughter.
Neighbors’ plant juice leaking on our balcony
I do all the work, so I get all the credit.
Wake me up from my nap? Well no ticket for you!
Want to use the Netflix on my dime? I don't think so.
My petty revenge rage comic didn't get any love on /r/f7u12; maybe you will like it (true story).
Kick me from your among us server? Prepare to be inconvenienced
Yell at me over the phone? Well enjoy your slightly disappointing snack cake
Getting revenge on the girl who broke up me and my BF
Big guy slams 4 beers on a 3 hour flight and has no sense of personal space or etiquette
Shut the fuck up Jabba the Hutt
A township won't let a man build a garage.He says fuck you with giant middle finger
I won't stand for self-important people.
The red Camaro
Trolling for Justice
Bubbly Revenge
Car Parking Revenge
None of your business how I got my wife to her Mom's house
I ruined many friendships of a kid who backstabbed me
Rude to me over the phone? Guess I'll just take my sweet time...
Would you like some chocolate milk?
"Radiohead put it best: You do it to yourself, be-dow-dow, and that's what really hurts."
Oh, Don't Mind Me. (2 for 1 Petty Revenge)
Well you wanted to be surprised.
Ignore the signs? Have fun leaving.Coworkers eat my sandwiches.
When my neighbor met my step-mom
Stalk/Harass me for over a year? Good luck getting cast in future productions.
Kid tries to scam free food from Taco Bell
"we didn't help but hOW DARE YOU REMOVE US?"
Don't relieve me on time at work? Hope you enjoy sweating!
Enjoy your broken Butterfinger asshat!
My Ongoing Battle with the Local Grocery Store
My Mom is into Bukkake
“ Dent my car have fun listening to salsa cookies at 3:00”
Turn off your high beams
Be a bitch and get me kicked out of our dorm room? Enjoy the smell of rotting tuna.
Middle School Bully
Story from an arcade
My first petty revenge.
No I don't think you need any caffiene
My small victory over my childhood toxic friend
Steal my Pokemon cards I'll steal all your games and cards, ruin your reputation at school, and send you a video of me throwing all of them into a bonfire.
You choose not to hear me? Well I won't hear you then.
No Parking
Scare me with office prank? I can scare you more!
Your condishun?!?!
be careful who you accuse...
You ain't fuckin' tonight.
Want to complain about my every action? You're done for.
Be a dick to me? I'll fuck with your shampoo.
“Urine” trouble
No cookies.
Make us do extreme runs the day before a meet? Sure thing, coach.
Getting back at bad roommates
Wake me up every morning at 5am? You just lost TV rights!
what's better,my pussy or my lips?
Grandma demands I watch grandpa’s food... alright.
Cruel Secret Santa present
Grandma breaks my expensive laptop and refuses to pay. Prepare for revenge.
Don't Involve Me In Your Petty War
Petty competition entry...
You Are What You Eat
I Steal the Monstrous Teachers' Precious Stash
Petty Jam Revenge
Ditch me at the last minute? Good luck on your test.
Fridge fiasco
Giving my enemies number to all of you so you can send him stuff!
Dry toast
My Slimy Revenge On My Teacher
Didn't tell us Grandpa's passing right away?
One sec
Conquering the bully
Tailgate my ass, I have a trick for that...
Put ducktape in my hair, have fun sleeping on the floor!
Hope you like rotting ham sandwiches.
She needs to stop leaving me those voicemails...
You wake me up at dawn, you lose your Rocket League ranking.
Eat up, boss!
40+yr old man gets his instant karma
Helping an "ally"
Thank You so Much for Coming in Today.
Compulsory Purchase? Okay. Let me forget some important information
No parking for you.
Leave my grandma a shitty tip? Sit at a dirty table.
Use my Spotify premium under my nose? I hope you like Pink Guy blaring at 3am.
Telephone tough guy
Drama queen, bitchy roommate has a bad day after pushing me to the limit
Customer throws tantrum about a quarter
Duct tape my ankles? Where's my marker.
outmaneuvering an office IP chiseler
No job for you (mild)
Getting back at a company who has treated me horrible and owes me months of pay during covid.
Call your brother names &amp; be rude? Enjoy the slow internet, sister.
AT&amp;T thief tries to steal phone upgrades, get them
The power of the untold
Think price is too high - have some more
Lazy Husband, no wings for you...
I can read. Can you count?
Wanna play punch buggy? Better watch where you punch!
Don't mess with Jim the forklift-driver
High Heels
Naked revenge.
Check your attitude
Won't clean your new kitten's shit all over the apartment?
So.. the guy i spent Valentines day with had a gf. I'm pissed. Petty revenge anyone?
Sister acts selfish, doesn't get to enjoy TV
Made plans to meet my favorite singer at a small concert, He stood me up.
Petty Tourist Revenge
Dismiss my friend, will you? Wait an extra 10 seconds to use the sink!
Complain excessively about our work? I'll have the last laugh.
College professor incorrectly grades me and harasses me online.
Wife’s best friend husbands co-worker tried hitting on my wife
Switch on AC in an open room? Enjoy not sleeping
Shitty UPS revenge
Payback bro.
Idk if this counts because it wasn’t purposeful...
Sister tried to kick me, fell on her butt instead
What's the problem with the automod??
How to deal with noisy neighbors. Found in a FB group.
Mess with my team? I'll make you buy your own Christmas gift
Dad gets Revenge on a Server and make sure he Knows
Neighbor wants to be a jerk, doesn’t realize the level of my pettiness.
Terrible landlord Craigslist ad
Have a go at me then ring me asking for help? not a chance
Uni can't tell me what to do.
Want to get revenge on a petty bitch and her husband...
When driving, always be patient.
You don’t need me and will find someone better? Fine, please do.
Since you wanna judge me for taking the 2nd floor..have fun waiting for the elevator!
Just some good ol’ petty revenge on a bully
Wont let me play minecraft because your game is lagging? Ok, enjoy getting hit by mom!
Try to be civil at the bank if you are an alcoholic.
Don’t be a shady landlord
Waiting on revenge is like an itch that needs scratching
Why mess with the doorman?
Make a noise and a mess in the train? Then wait for the bathroom.
Kitty Revenge: Vintage
Stop opening the garage door
Psycho driver nearly caused a massive accident; got my revenge!
Take my jam-tastic musical stylings, you oversensitive angsty squidget.
Speeder gets slowed down
Laundry Room?
Put my ex in debt
Watch where you're going...
A tale of stupidity, dick headedness, and obscene spite eating.
Waste my time with a stupid, unreasonable speeding ticket? Enjoy getting reamed out and publicly humiliated
Don't Waste Water
Enter Shoeman
Spam with the manager's email? Goes straight back to him.
Rape my friend, your next of kin receives a canteen of your piss
Don't wipe blood on my cloths
Disrupt my classes? I'll disrupt your sleep
I used the self checkout yesterday, I was the only person out of eight people there who was wearing a mask.
So I work in a pizza shop.
Revenge on a toxic teammate
tailgait me in a company car
Fuck Noisy Fucks
I'll roll it right back
Won't train me to comp employee meals and then fire me over a short bank? Here's your Department of Labor inquisition!
Ex Contacts me i Send the Letter to her Husband
Smashed Origami
I tottaly forgot..
She ate my cheese, so I flushed her perfume down the toilet
An extremely petty revenge against a girl.
Leathers always your friend
Mess my room mess your doorstep
Laser Cannon Deth Sentence
Revenge on my cousin
My ”friend” called me a bully (wrongful title) so I planned my revenge.
Contact Tracing avoiders phone bombed by state agency
Busdriver was a dick to me. Enjoy cleaning your bus seats.
Don't interfere with my coffee
He doesn't have a sister
Don’t mess with my kid, kid.
In the battle of pettiness, I win.
Completely destroying someone.
Lanky really didn’t like wearing socks
Shitty landlord forced to spend money
Don't print on me. Repost from r/atheism
Petty Change-making
Rising from the ashes in Beirut
The Ex-Boyfriend, the Parents, and the Liberal Party
Enjoy Your New Neighbors: Everyone
Petty Revenge Backfires
Ignorant Lunch Monitor Gets Bittersweet Looks an Entire Table of "Troublemakers" Ruining a Week
My wife made me spill my FAVORITE COOKIES, the sharp edge of revenge cuts deep...
You want to use my soap?
The rudest bowling ball ever
Steal my seat? Enjoy being a Smurf.
Guileful problem solving
Yet another story of rude Craigslist sellers
Won't do your job? Don't expect other departments to cover for you, then.
How you like me now?
You eat the foods we both like and leave nothing for me? I'll start buying things you don't like as well.
Assholes in the bus? Let´s "forget" then next stop!
Forwarding a guy’s “make me c*m” messages to his father after he harassed my friend.
Not terribly Christian of you, brother!
Valentines Day
Neighbors having loud sex? Guess it's time to practice my dying animal sounds as loud as I can.
Break peoples mailboxes? how about you repair that 20k+ car
Want to play your music full volume in the gym? Great - let me lend my breathless singing voice!
Laundromat Pettiness
Ruin all my mom's hard work? Say goodbye to a good christmas tree.
Make me take the blame for your mistake? Alright then....lets tell the truth in a creative way....
Sacred Pizza
We don’t clean just because you cooked
dont show any manners have fun cleaning.
I snapped and made a grown man cry.
The timing was perfect, absolutely perfect.
Morning smoothies for me!
Someone suggested you might enjoy my response in /r/askreddit. Caught gf in the act of cheating
Make me late to school? It's time to get rickrolled
I'll get a gun on your 11 year old
Enjoy the sandwich
Neighbors park only in front of my house.
That time I screwed up my ex's career.
Need some petty revenge advice. What are some good, LEGAL ways to get back at ridiculous neighbors? Details in text...
You cuts me off, like hell I'll stop and help you.
My teacher tried to correct me, but I corrected her
Just when you think you've got the upper hand...
Don’t try to charge me unjustifiable rent then proposition my boyfriend
10 years later, we still laugh.
Sexual Predator Travels No More
Take your holier than thou attitude and shove it
Smashing Snowmen?Oh,​ you want your drink in 2 seconds? SURE!​
The most beautiful revenge on a sudden and unexpected break up
Olan Rogers petty revenge.
A couple of guys decided to pick on me when I was ten. I spent 4 weeks slowly destroying them through the use of computers.
Treat me poorly, have fun with allll of your nickels.
Copy my tests answer? Chew with your mouth open? Suffer my petty revenge!
I get revenge on my dad by putting women first.
Switch
Got cat-called while walking my dog, found a good way to responsibly dispose of my dog's waste
Upstairs neighbour plays loud music at night, mysteriously interupted by a power outage.
Harass my Counter Clerk = Get Banned, Arrested, and Towed
Revenge from Beyond the Grave
"It's not up for discussion"
Follow me to my apartment and demand to know where I live over your one-sided road rage? Have fun with your write up bitch.
"my finger slipped"
Grandma stole my notepad, i stole it back
One Way Rumble
Lousy housemate? Enjoy your rash
How my cousin made The SAT his bitch.
Insult my intelligence? I'll make you look dumb.
Don't know how to drive like a respectable person? Then I guess I've forgotten how not to drive right up on your ass.
Take your time to the lift(elevator?) I'll waste your time.
older coworkers bullied me and I want revenge
The monkey is in the swimming pool
Put your seat back early...I don't think so.
Have fun with that $600 loss.
steal my scissors? I'll make you smoke my toenail gunk
Crossing guard cussed out the wrong parent
Don't clean the bathroom? Enjoy your room from the future
How to get revenge on someone who stole from my mums business?
Don’t tell me what I can and can’t do with my own body.
Have a problem with my load? Have fun in a trickthat smells like a bad one.
Good. Now go and fetch my next towel.
Bought son A Megalodon shark tooth so he could shut up his bully at show and tell.
Cheating friend wanted sympathy
Crackers and pettyness
If you dare prop that door open one more time, I'm going to do something very petty and mildly inconvenient.
Bully Pushed Me To Far
Cold water on me = hot water on you
"Why did you rub out all my Work?!" "Because I wanted to."
My cat just got revenge from my dog
Got a kid permanently banned on a Minecraft server for annoying me.
The number of moons of Jupiter
Petty revenge on coworkers
Guy parks in parent and small child spot and got what he deserved
Actually, you're not keeping the microwave
Park like a douch? No problem, my car is narrow...
Math Teacher thinks she’ll get away with being rude but ends up getting fired.
Not My Ex
Sometimes the best petty revenge is living well, and other times it's sending a gift certificate.
Teacher suspects students cheated. Later confirms it.
So, you decided to screw over your housemates. It's payback time!
Refuse to listen to Security? Have fun missing the best day of the convention
Rude for no reason? Maybe you should get "The Talk"
Bully had it coming
Use all refrigerator space? Enjoy your "water"
Got a package sent to the wrong address (it was a gift), current scumbag tenant refuses to give me the package, and threatens to assault me. Story unfolds through three pics of our text conversations.
Petty Revenge is best served burnt.
Abuse my hospitality? Prepare for revenge.
'You'll never get through mainstream school'
WiFi on Or off tonight?
Customers come in after my coworker and I already closed the store and cleaned the yogurt machine
How was your day?
Pull ahead of me while I'm typing in a code? Have fun waiting.
Revenge backfire. Reset the counter...
I broke dislocated my brothers jaw for making fun of me
petty annoyance to my 1/2 sister for being a evil child
Girl gets "SWEET" revenge on bullies.
Block me from the sidewalk, will you?
They're called "people movers" for a reason!
You throw rubbish on my seat.
Proving that he knows how to change a toilet paper roll.
Don't assume white people can't understand Spanish
I force my lazy manager to do something for once.
Don't tell us about a rescheduled open? Miss out on our commission.
Waste my time and yell at me over the phone AND I find out you are a sex offender? Enjoy the wrath of the god of Your Internet.
Thanos
Getting even on GTA
I had unknown language skills and it saved me from some horrible problems with a coworker.
Guy writes 5 words by the deadline of a group project. He ends up alone in the project, and proceeds to fail the class.
Door ding me? Enjoy your airy vehicle
"la chienne m'a demandé ma carte d'embarquement"
Don't wanna turn down your Music? Fine.
Try to make life at school hard for me? I'll make teaching me hell for you.
Make me live in unlivable conditions? Let's see how that works out for you.
Use my shampoo and body wash and deny it? Have fun smelling like vinegar.
Very petty
Woebegone Workbook Whammy
Pull up!!! (Gas station etiquette)
Treat Manager like a dog? Sudden case of short term memory loss
Rude relationship roommate
I'll show her to keep using my stubs card...
my 9 year old self's sassy comeback surprises even me to this day
The best morning i've had all year
Don't leave a school laptop logged into your account when you turn it in, dumbass.
Make cheap comments about my girlfriend? No sale for you!
Do you like milkshakes?
Planes, iPads and Noise-Cancelling Headphones
Rolls Royce woes
It’s been 14 years, but I finally found the perfect book.
Tail-gating revenge, with an accidental bonus revenge.
Request: Ideas for petty revenge on asshole neighbour
Want to make me do things because you're too lazy to do them yourself? Allow me to take my sweet time!
Try to skip an emergency leave soldier? Not on my watch.
Want me to put away my phone when it’s not hindering my ability to do chores? Sure!
Gatorade bottle full of PEE PEE...
Housemate leaves me without toilet paper so now I get revenge
Maybe sales people shouldn't mess with their cashiers
Revenge of the dishwasher (repost)
Call me nosy ? Get slimed
Dont you know? They got rid of child labor laws!
Back of the (mental) queue for you
Order up! But not for you
Steal my parking pass, deal with the consequences.
Neighbor mows on my side of the lawn and ignores the doorbell when I ring it, enjoy all of these tree branches and pebbles
Don't ruin my shows boy.
Announcement: PettyRevenge is text-only now!
Ruin my date? I’ll ruin your day.
mess with me and i break your stuff
Ponytail slap
Pure happiness. This is what bliss feels like
Don't mess with my car.
Troll this arrogant HK banker Kenneth Pang
Sister thought it was funny to kick me in the balls
Sky rocket's in flight... afternoon delightttttt (or in other words, don't be surprised if you have an encore for your public performance)
Bully me at work? Enjoy your 90-minute commute.
Steal my cellphone? Guilt time!
Payback where it hurts
Annoy me, have a cold shower
Aspen, CO
St. Louis Taxi Cab
Kid acts like an idiot on my Instagram
Thanks, Hanson!
Use a turning lane to pass me 100' from the red light?
My Tale of Petty Automotive Revenge
Neighbors have loud music? Good thing I non-ironically love Rick Astley.
Card error
Petty Revenge at the Dog Park
Don't mess with a fisherman
So I contribute nothing to the company...
Account Buyer Thinks He Can Get Away With Hacking In ESEA
Don’t eat my food, I’ll leave you with food you can’t eat.
Merry Christmas
My proud moment of sweet pettiness
Her ignorance was my weapon
Petty revenge on my hypocritical neighbor
(requested X-Post from r/TalesFromRetail) Rip Stick Kids
Parking Etiquette (X-post from r/funny)
Petty revenge on the annoying man sitting next to me on the bus.
BEST MOM EVER
Teacher said i was too dumb/retarded to finish school, Proved her wrong.
I’m taking these
My therapist was swindling my mother, so I got myself banned from seeing him
Steal $20k in car parts? OK, let's dox you and your family.
Grandma died without giving 30 days notice? I’ll make the collector pay
Kid comes up to me calls me a fagg is mean to my friend and punches me, get waked on the head with a baseball rake
Good luck holding a bake sale with no bakeware to cook with! Flatmate battles
The car incident
Gave my dog all the fortune cookies
Sell me a broken Xbox controller will you!?
If you weren't so judgmental and ignorant, I wouldn't have to result to these measures, now would I?
Bully me? well i'll make every week miserable for you
Subway sandwich revenge
The Worst Kind of PettyRevenge
Listen to music way too loudly? I'll kill the wifi.
Steal my food? Enjoy waking up an hour earlier for the rest of summer
Ah Craigslist: I just saw this and had to share.
Delete me on Facebook?
Using my license behind my back, expect losing more
How to end a toxic relation
My first concert
The kid gets revenge
tom is dumber than a bag of rocks and I'm glad he's fired
Steal my $20? Enjoy being arrested
Buyer beware... of fucking with a seller.
Getting a co-worker to humiliate himself
Roommate kept messing with the thermostat...
Threaten to kill me? I'll expose your friends
Try and get into my fiancé’s pants? Get ready to sign as a witness to our wedding.
No salad tonight
tiny funny story:)
Always be nice to the assistant
Cranky toward me at work? End of the line with you.
Severance pay?
Enjoy your yogurt covered groceries
The dish hoarder
Minor Inconveniences
Leave me to handle a panic attack on my own? Enjoy no coffee!
Mr. FuckBalls orders a burger
My Semi-Strange Aunt throws away tons of my brothers Steelers memorabilia, so my brother throws away all her kids toys at my grandmas house.
You're not the only one who can drive like a jerk.
Wife gets back at me for not going swimming with her and her niece
Yesterday I figuratively destroyed some bitch who was tailgating me.
Put my delicates in the dryer and put it on high heat?
Petty revenge against a group of kindergarteners.
The story of the one missing shoe.
Finally get what you want? But doesn't want it...
You don't react to my kindness... you don't get my kindness.
A few months old, however...
Put my pants in the trash? Next time you’ll be gone in a flash.
Bully gets covered in vinegar
Stole a sleeping bag and sold it on eBay
The Serial Borrower Wouldn't Pay Up
Should have followed up with their first offer to me
You have no power here.
What are some good sites (besides Craiglist) I can use someone's phone number for payback?
You like tracking mud into my work truck? Enjoy your new floor mat.
Horrible bully teacher calls in parents to punish kid, nearly gets sued instead
Be shitty buying a car, I won't fill it up
Dead calculator for bitching about not having one
My dad is cheating asshole; share ideas here.
The ride is designed for someone you size.
Sister Won't Stop Using My Razors.
Dish best served....not at all
I was shamed for putting on weight. It was a long time coming, but I found a fitting revenge.
Tag your name + my boyfriends in a heart on a wall, and I will catfish you.
Annoying spam texter kept harrasing me about scam loans, harrassed them back.
Make me mow the lawn in 41 Celsius weather? Fine, but I’m mowing your garden too
Don't spray at your Uncle lol
Delivering for Dominos for a couple months and when I got stiffed...
I like to help with dishwasher job security
4 year late petty revenge
Blue friend revenge gone wrong
Pokemon go away
Sometimes people are driving that way for a reason.
Don't want to help on a project? I'll do the work. You'll regret it.
Revenge is a dish, best served from a reheat-able take-out container - or how to take-out the trash!
Cousin eats shit (extreme revenge)
i hope it tastes like regret.
Not-so-ex-girlfriend
Petty (and effective) revenge on a honking car
My annoying teater
Cut in line? Enjoy the 90F Degree weather!
I want my 2¢
your music vs. mine
The time a fat momma's boy harassed me and the office weasel contributed to my sweet revenge.
Run-over Another Snowman, Jackass—I can build these all day.
Fire me tomorrow, I'm leaving today...
Don't think I won't hear you talking behind my back
Go off on me? No Problem, Do all the paper work.
Enjoy my dogs presents
How do you troll an email scammer?
You steal form me okay you wait
People refused to turn off their trashy explicit music so they suffered the wrath of my French horn practice
Petty Revenge at a ska show
Cut in front of me at line? I'll make your kids RUIN your life.
My dad's wonderful revenge on an incompetent driver. Cut us off, then flip us off? Have everything about you written down and think you're gonna be turned in.
Be cheap about a 5 cent cup, have fun opening.
Asshole small business ownerRearranging my mothers house
Roommate paintballed my carMagically delicious revenge
Fuck with my water bottle, your tickets get lost.
Petty revenge on mediocre dog owners.
World of Warcraft petty revenge
You want me to make dinner for your new girlfriend a less than a month after ending it with me??
Trashy Petty
Happy Mother's Day
So, I tend to hold grudges . . .
Keep killing me every time I re-spawn? Enjoy my boyfriend hunting you down for the next hour!
Talk racist trash about me and my friend? I'll destroy your phone and he'll key your car!
Slapped by a Snake, Sucker!
My landlord wants to show the unit I live in too often, so I have decided to take up naked yoga.
Landlord wishes he was never born.
A dog, the eighties, and Petty Revenge.
Load all your beer into my truck, please and thanks
I gave his nice jacket away to Goodwill.
Stealing My Grapes? Here Have Them All
Kid ruins sports day team ends up with sauce on his arm
Keep me awake with your coughing?
A drug dealer ripped me off for 40 bucks so I destroyed his boat
Dont chew on borrowed pens.
Eat Concrete, Jerk!
My creative writing co-worker doesn't do his share of the group project. I write that into the ending of the story.
The White Agenda
My stepdad erased all of my recordings on the DVR.
Substitute delivery revenge.
I don't like having to do the exact same job, twice.
my treehouse
Waste my time interviewing for a job? I’ll get you back, even if I have to wait 20 years.
Moving out and making his penis burn
Elevator life has it's ups and downs.
Try and get free candy from me, with no costume, Twice! I dont think so.
Be a jerk, I hope you like your drink hot.
Cut me off? Have fun waiting.
I made my roommate drink my piss for an entire year.
The tale of how I lost my virginity
To all the good guys/gals of Reddit whose kindness is always taken advantage of, this one's for you :)
My brother wanted a midnight snack
Have a Stinky Ass, Dickheads
be rude... you lose money
Cut in front of us? Hope your sundaes melt.
One of my roommates managed to lock the deadbolt on her way out, and then left the country for a month, causing a little trouble for the rest of us trying to get in.
"Is that really all you've got?"
Sick of you using all the bandwidth.
¡Good luck wiping!
Won't you please spam my company's survey?
Put me on a bogus personal improvement plan and you'll pay!
Redditor spoiled EndGame. May or May not have personal info. Fun revenge?
That Time I Got Back at a Petty Ex-Friend
Dumped my Boyfriend and Sent Spoilers After Watching Him be an Ass Towards His Neighbors
You take 25% of the salary, see what I'll do you
Teacher was a bitch, got my revenge
There was this weird 4 wheel bike in the moto spot today, turbo s or something, shame I had to block it's door looking thing
Thief got a nice surprise
Musical Revenge
Don't drive like a dick in a company truck
Screwed over on an internet deal? Send them Shakespeare via text!
Hook-nosed people are evil
Crow bangers are the best things
Bon Appetoothpaste
Wreck my relaxation; I will take my time with you.
Overly-messy roommates can enjoy Chicago tap.You want to do my job? Go for it. Twice.
Facebook revenge
Ultimate in petty taunting on battlefield? Die.
Deposit your body secretions on me and laugh? Here, have one of these candies.
Minecwaft meanie!1!1!1!1!111!!
I embarrass jerk customer in front of date, forcing him to eat crow.
Low-Cal Revenge on Annoying Aunt
Asshole gets a rough lesson about cutting in
Give me a door dent while I'm in the car, hope you like your revenge.
That time magician Dan Sperry was owed $2500 and he made sure someone payed up
Petty band geeks
Kid steals my gun in Rec Room, so I waged war on him.
Park like a jerk? Enjoy searching for that ding I left on your door...
Wait your (wrong) turn, snowflake
Petty Revenge review request... paying off a small fine
"Hey big guy, MOVE"
Dont mess with the ice cream
Steal my medication I make you regret it.
Sometimes my revenge works
Prank call the store, we’ll prank call you right back
Mark Rober- Petty Revenge King
Tailgate me in your brand new M3? Enjoy washing your car!
To the man who was driving an overfilled bus like a maniac...
You want to be a petty bitch, eh?
GTA V Heist revenge.
Try to be a gunner? Work night shifts for the week.
Aye, that's not your bowling ball
Popular girl bullies me in middle school then in highschool I make her an outcast.
I was a major douche troll to a LinkedIn Amway spammer.
Won't let your wife sit down? Hold some petty.
I will not throw away your trash for you.
Lazy coworker got kicked out
Break into my base and ruin it. Fine ill crash your server
Don't mess with the kid fixing your computer
Giving the person that tried to get my dog put down a bit of petty revenge
No one messes with my time off.
Stealing my identity? Fine. Hope you like Good Housekeeping.
Park in my designated space that I pay? Enjoy paying for the tow truck.
He tried to scam me. It did not end up well.
Deny us a substitute player? Have fun waiting an extra half hour.
A steaming hot cup 'o revenge.
The case of the tipped over garbage bins
You have made a huge mistake.
"friend" asks me if she can copy an assignment...
It’s so easy to not be an asshole
Guy steals my favorite pencil. I'll take it back, and take something of yours
Mildly annoying an impatient driver
You elbow me? have fun on the sideline.
Ruined hook-up
Enjoy paying for your own drinks, ladies!
Try and steal from us? Have fun growing these.
Pay back's a bitch.
Don't be rude to the GSA who controls when you access your hotel room
A lesson on keeping things in perspective
Probably a bit much, but oh well
Terrible Landlords ... one year of revenge
The Porn Bomb: EXPLAINED
Room mates are "too poor" to buy toilet paper....
Sleepy at work? That’s too bad
I will get paid for my work, even if it means my chainsaw gets wet!
Fire me? I will expose you.
Walmart Parking Lot
Why you don't laugh at another man's car
Steal my seat on the subway? Let me turn that comfort upside down.
Don't pick a fight with a comedian
"Can you get the fuck out of my way!?"
Revenge is a dish best served minty and with a tooth whitening agent!
Don't talk shit about my frolf game
Teacher hit me hard in the HEAD just because I'm left handed and not a 'VVIP child'
Bully me and I’ll sabotage your chances of getting hired here
I destroyed all my toxic friends work in Skyblock
I'm trying to get revenge on a pedophile
Don't care that you keep me up all night? It's on.
Jerkface parked their giant truck half in my space
My sister refused to help me, so I didn't help her
Inconsiderate colleague makes me take up driving.
The post that started it all
Oldest eats chips on my bed, then I will eat on his.
Kitchen Tools Are Accidentally Swapped
Could’ve helped my ex win a competition. But I didn’t.
Too Lazy to Get TP? Alright. Enjoy your hand.
Flatmate keeps ruining shower pressure
Fraternity brother was an ass
Ram into my car? Have fun explaining this to the insurance company.
I told his gf about the inappropriate text
My Mother-in-law's petty revenge
A Kid Puts Glue On My Bag
Revenge against camp bullies
Mess with my friend? Get rescinded from college, jerk.
Best friend farted in my face
Sure enjoy dishonestly over-charging me for my Airbnb stay
Park on my spot? Fine, have it for entire weekend.
Stealing my software? I hope you aren't easily offended...
Kill my sea monkeys? I hope you enjoy eating with a challenge
Ruin Friendships? Get Banned!
Petty about masks? You lost more business than the cost of one mask.
Janet doesn't comprehend the word no and has to suffer the consequences for it
I got back at a store that my homenumber was listed as there number
My friends need ppl to join him in getting a group of crazy ppl mad
Keep me up all night with the dryer? Enjoy your wet clothes in the morning.
Insult my boyfriend to get female attention, prepare to get put in your place
Revenge on homophobic step dad
Petty Revenge on the new floor in the front hall
Hope whatever you were doing on your cell phone was worth it! Haha
My parents are okay with my siblings walking in on me, so I did it to them.
Into the inner life
Fuck with the bull? Get the horns, bitch.
Took a braggart down a peg.
Outing Housemate's Eating Disorder
Origami Snares
Suggest a revenge for this asshole
Take out your trash
So you like to take my coffee huh?
A neighbor keeps parking their car in from of my house, what should I do?
I manipulated someone into overdosing
The Great Slumber War
Borrow my Shrek CD and not give it back? Not on my watch.
Baby up in this bitch? Ok, let’s see.
If I dislike you as a student, you only get one Exclamation mark!
Want to act up? Wait for the next train and get laughed at by your friends.
Stop to talk to your ex while we're in a hurry? Walk home. Try to get revenge on me? Plan better.
Mail-in Rebate Revenge
Broken Vending Machine?
You were not specific on the spoons
Annoying idiotic person gets denied victory
See ID Credit Card
My petty revenge against Applesauce
Revenge on the Drama Queen
Can't follow one simple rule when I do the laundry? Ok.
Grandma gets a Tax Break
You Won't Grant a Permit? Let Me Exercise My First Amendment Rights!
Arcade revenge
I have never smiled bigger that that...
Super petty presentation revenge
One upping an eBay scammer
Bark at me, I'll poop at you
I hit my ex boss where it hurt the most. Her pride.
Petty, petty revenge on a thieving sister
Take the parking spot I was waiting for? Have fun backing up...
Revenge is best served cold...
Cheat me out of the captain position? Fine.
Scare my girlfriend and I while we sleep? Enjoy having everything in your house zip-tied!
Cut me off and I'll prove to you it wasn't worth it.
Steal my trashcan lid? Karma and inaction will prevail!
EN has to wait in line
No extra credit for you!!
I ordered 400+ items from amazon as a revenge against my cheating ex
Be nice to your Team Mates (XPost from /r/EvolveGame)
Racist People Pay More.
Preemptive Fart
Need help getting into your voicemail? How about I teach you like you're a 4 year old.
Car towed for parking in my parking lot
I smashed my own porcelain doll to get my brother in trouble
Complain about my sister? Enjoy losing your music.
Don't want to eat yesterdays bread?
Nail polish remover
Some petty "hair-raising" revenge on my sister
Startled cyclist gets revenge.
Enjoy the sing along!
He probably shouldn't have been an asshole if I'm the one who makes his food.
Take the flags down!
Revenge a dish best served ...
Another Airbnb petty revenge on filthy friend of my business partner
Don't ram me with your trolley lady
Sweet Sticky Revenge
"Using any electronic device in darkness causes eye cancer"
Children's play group - Daughter vs other boy
Threaten me with your car? That's assault!
Bug Buster
Neighbor gets his dumped garbage back.
Ask A Stupid Question Because You Can't Google? You Will Not Like The Length Of My Answer...
I’m no longer needed? Hope you don’t beg me to come back two months later!
hoe repellent
My partner's crazy abusive ex stomped on my foot. So I sent a glitter bomb,... to their workplace
My ex-roommate is a homicidal maniac, and so I'm destroying his entire life.
Park behind me eh?!
Think you get away without doing our part of work? You‘ll see.
Getting a well know bully of a cop fired.
Petty revenge in a pizza shop
"You gon' take all day?" Petty revenge from my high school days
Quit smoking to piss off cigarette seller
My father might be the pettiest of them all.
Talk about my gf, get splashed
Need Help With Revenge
Sometimes a higher power can give a better revenge!
Taught a classmate some humility.
You want to mess up the other residents' nights by ordering extra desserts? Fine, good luck eating it.
Treat me like a loser? No gigantic commission for you.
Petty revenge on my narcissistic classmate
Don’t get me treated for my chronic back pain? I won’t let you forget it.
I was justly served a petty revenge that put me in my place.
Shit Behavior
My sexist POS roommate is finally moving out
Steal from a dying man? Enjoy your phantom wedding gifts!
I would have put out a gun it don't make no difference
My son decided it would be ok to make fun of Cancer patients. I had enough so I shaved his hair off and rubbed balding gel on his head.
Pats fans
Don't want to talk to tech support? Let me pronounce your name in a way that describes how you're acting!
My sweet sweet revenge...
I'll take care of my own car. You can take care of yours.
A revenge of Ice Cream
Why is the server sitting at our VIP table?
Enjoy the consequences of having the sharing skills of a five-year-old
Could have got him depirted
You're rude to me? I'll be extra nice to you!
Subtle, but oh so sweet.
Honking doesn't help buddy
Mean to students? Biological warfare time.
Late Night Revenge
Dont know if this belongs here, but here ye go
Hit me with a ruler? Fine, I'll just get you punished by the principal
Inertia is a cruel, cruel mistress.
Eb with his relative fight me and call police on us,revenge served.
Any one friend can betray you even my family member can betray you and your pet will not!
If you're a rude impatient customer then I'll take my time to assist you
Bitch Shall Obtain Thy Currency
Coworker is constantly rude without any reason.
He who Controls the Router
I now have a newfound respect for birds.
Landlord cost me a whole day's worth of work... Hope she enjoyed inhaling my poo particles.
Insult me? Here have a bag of nothing.
Prank on a teacher
Homophobic 60 year old man gets ended by a 12 year old
Landlord Refused to Pay Me Back $400 Security Deposit......I took him to court and won $4000
Hey! Hey! Shut up!
My shitty brother.
The Lego Bin Revenge
Locked out. Ha!
My math is off? Ah of course it is you're right!
Cocky asshole hits on me while I'm working, gets publicly shamed by me in starbucks 15 minutes later
My ex-roommate wouldn't contribute to household purchases or shared items - I returned the favour
TL;DR READ IT, How bout a downvote instead?
Called out a friends cheating ex-wife to her Sugar Daddy. (Girls can be bro's too lol)
Carpark joy
Water revenge
He laid hands on me, I disrupted his zen
Petty Change
Ma'am! I think you dropped this!
Spoiled kids shouldn't bite their cousins.
I guess you'll have to wash those again
Overcharge customers and pretend not to speak English when I make a complaint? Karma.
I should get some credit for “Mean Girls” because this bully got burned
Middle school bus revenge
Revenge on my flatmates
Old and New ideas
Steal my uncle's gas? Have fun with a wrecked engine
Guy blocks me off with his car. I delay him two minutes
Don't mess with a kid who's ancestor is a Samurai
I need your help, /r/PettyRevenge
Mistreat animals? Say bye bye to your house fuckwad!
Don't be rude with your subordinates, especially if they are transporting your china.
I had some asshole tailgating me this morning, the traffic stopped and he didn't and he plowed right into the back of my truck. His bumper and mine never touched, but my trailer hitch went right through his radiator and oil cooler.
#6)LEGALIZAR EL NARCOTRAFICO EN TODA LA TIERRA ES LA MEJOR Y UNICA SOLUC...
Take that, you stupid mutt.
You think I'm not as good as my peers? Watch them disappear!
Make fun of me? Walk further
Okay, guys, getting someone FIRED is NOT petty.
International House of Petty Revenge
Shockingly rude patient not a huge priority.
Weak Coffee
Who talks on the phone in a sauna?
Being obnoxious and loud in your hotel room and then loudly talking about where to use your fake IDs? Guess again
You need to calm down
Serving coffee as fast as I can
At least I tried to tell her
May you be treated as you treat others
Mailman signs off on my mail, I complain, he complains back..
I spat on a kid
That unexplainable puddle you're standing in? That's my urine.
Won't let me use the family telly? Let's see...
need help with revenge
My family keeps forgetting/ neglecting to call me on my birthday.
Want to block my walkways with your bikes, eh?
Baby elephants downstairs
My grandpa; the malicious pot farmer.
Thanks for telling my son about the Disneyland trip you took my niece on at his birthday dinner.
Never trust again
Petty revenge by mosquito.
Never piss off the people responsible for making your food.
The pettiest office revenge x2
The Fence People
Revenge is a dish best served cold...and on a paper place
Don't do dishes? Don't get WiFi.
Let me rid you of that junk...
Mooch off a friend just to use his computer? NOPE.
Spit Valve: A Petty Revenge Story
He cheated on me, then he asked me to give him back a gift he gave me. So I gave it back to him...but not in the same condition it had been in.
Urgency is based on how affected you are? Will work both ways.
That unwanted birthday text
When you ask nicely but they don’t comply
Wanna kick me out? Have fun having your show ruined!
Unusual Hair gel
Don't insult an employee trying to help you.
It's the little things
Put my sister-in-law in her place, apparently not Pro-revenge. However, this was a great revenge for me
I got a $20 parking ticket and emailed the Mayor how bs it was...then gave a lawyer $150 retainer to look over how to get out of it.....wtf is wrong with me...
I'd like a happy meal with my service, if you would be so kind.
Second grade revenge
Making my coworker drive herself to the brink of a mental break down.
How my grandparents used to deal with door- to -door proselytizers.
when my chatty friend can't contact find me
The ultimate shin-dig of a revenge
Don't be an ass, pick up your trash!
Teacher making fun of me? Have fun correcting my test
Keep me up the night before my final exam? You wouldn't like me when I'm sleepy...
Got petty revenge on my now ex boyfriend..
The Locked Box Revenge
I wasn't able to find a subreddit for this but who cares "I love witnessing the hateful crying"
Boys Will Be Boys, Cops Will Be Cops, and Dads Will Be Mad
Everyone can be loud
Something petty I do every day.
Well this time let's make it exact then
Be a dick of a brother? I'll do the meanest thing I can do
I got "revenge" on two former friends by playing a video game.
You call the police because of noise? Guess what.
Go ahead...call me fat.Rude biker customer revenge
Housemate duvet revenge
Exerting what little power I have over rude vendors.
Neighbours and The Week of Noise
Immature revenge
Starting a passive aggressive war with the neighbor
My dad invaded my privacy... Any ideas?
Don't honk
Enjoy your crappy towels
Forget to take your clothes out of the dryer? Don't worry, I'll fold them for you.
You shouldn't feel entitled enough to leave your things in a conference room, especially not trash.
Moved From PRO - cause, Not PRO - TDLR: Leave ME a measly $11.25 tip after 12 adults and 6 kids, decimate my night! I leave YOU, with pictures of your families’ ugly knees and even uglier feet!
The Petty Poop Revenge
Not if I beat you to it.
Teaching an asshole customer a lesson
A Seventh Grade Bully
Ruin a date? I'll rip you off $7!
Petty Revenge comes back to bite me in the ass for a while before victory!
Unfairly accuse me of trying to sabotage your relationship? That's a photoshoppin'
My sister calls my ex on FB out for cheating on me.
Simple, easy, effective.
Bother-in-law's stinky revenge on dog
Won’t send me my $0.03? Fine.
Prank me? I’ll prank you back
Blob takes a bet (part two)
Brat gets her comeuppance
Stealing my parking spot.
Petty revenge on shitty entitled brother
Pick up your garbage, asshole!
Sext other women? I’m keeping that PS5
Do you even know who you're messing with??Traffic violation
L plate motorcycle rider UK
Taking care of people using me as a prank.
Take mine? I'll take yours too.
Bully me for a year? I'll ensure you waste your time and money.
Roomie Revenge
Handicap parking revenge
I got revenge on my best (ex) friend for stealing a girl I liked
Craft teacher attempts to poison us.
You can't let someone else cut me in line...
I blocked a shoeless man from going to the bathroom on an airplane.
Keep Stealing My Water
Revenge on a bitchy woman.
I guess she chose the wrong person to give poor service to...
While I was in 4th grade I ate another persons lunch to get back at them
Im tired of all the grammar nazis making themselves a part of reddit culture. so i found a place for them
A story about my unprecedented trip to Hawai'i
Mess with my family and boss, don’t touch your computer mouse
The risks of being racist on Tinder
Overtake me then slow down? We'll see what happens :)
The Office Weeaboo
Karma on a college roommate
superbowl revenge
Well that's one way to get scared away...
I bought a jumping rope to counter my neighbors music
My Friend Doesn't Talk To Me For a week. Wants My Help For a Ps4 Memory Extention
I am a spiteful person, Dear roommate, does your left overs taste tart?
Out-stinking crappy neighbors
New hat for me or dead garden for you.
Awful Roommates, need petty revenge ideas
they made me go to the back of the queue but I still went before them
Be racist, rude, hypocritical and I'll embarass you in front of the whole class
Guy spoiled Avengers End Game for me on Facebook when it first came out.
Christmas Spirit
Getting revenge on a prank call
Demand free ice cream and be an obnoxious b*tch? I'll never let you forget it.
Cousin causing my mom some trouble?
Girl does zero percent of the work on a huge project and gets zero percent of the credit!
Cut me off because 'you know it all'? Fine. I'll show you that you're wrong.
Ruined Ex-Roomate’s life for the next 5 months.
Act like an asshole and talk down to everyone? Enjoy having your plans all fucked up.
Bus revenge
Waste my time? Enjoy me getting the thing you wanted!
How to train your bully
I flushed them down the toilet like you did with my life
Boyfriend ditched me at my own birthday party. Hid his phone in the morning.
a year of driving me crazy with tv - sweet petty revenge
Be greedy with the cheesecake on my birthday? Have fun with your movie snack.
Have your Iced Coffee bitch.
The petty tale of a fuel center attendant.
Dont take my spot again
A ghost gets revenge
Stranger Pissed For No Greeting.
Don’t sell me chips? Ok, have fun making more!
I originally posted this on pro revenge, but they said it belonged here
Destroy my property? Say bye-bye to your weed plants!
Wake me up? Right back atcha
Want to tell lies about my brother and mom? Go ahead, I'll just break more of your precious plates.
Break my baby? I'LL DESTROY YOURS.
Call the cops on us for parking? Ok.
Dumb teenage driver gets a visit from police
Friend and I take what was supposed to be a concert of a lifetime, I end up ditching him and his friend in another city
Conveniently “misplacing” my sister’s phone without her knowing
Passive aggressive petty revenge
A bit disgusting, but still revenge...
That one time I unintentionally poisoned my bully
Try and cut in front of me again!
Pillow revenge
It's like Springer, but better.
All you’re doing is inconveniencing my drive thru customers, enjoy your wait, sir!
Kiss your promotion goodbye
Orange juice lady gets what she deserves
Take a big bite
An exceptionally petty response to telemarketers that can't take the hint
Only the strong survive finals week. May the curve be with you!
Didn't take the extra effort to bring the carts to the shed? Have fun trying to remove the brakes.
When pettyrevenge turns tables
It's *my* birthday, NOT yours.
Pretend not to see me? Have fun slamming your brakes.
Chad gets hobby ruined by being an asshole
Scam me will you?
Continue believing racist &amp; homophobic stereotypes and general dickholery? Enjoy your holiday greetings.
“You’re not really sick”
A little bit of holiday revenge?
Be dismissive of my friends and beware the pettiest retribution
UPDATE: Skid on my lawn and harass my family? Part two.
Artistic ex friend tried to bully me out of my own DnD campaign, wasn't having that
Want to save a few cents on coke? We’ll eat all your pizza
Decline my friendly invite with no explanation? Allow me to return the favor
This belongs here.
A 'Family Fun Center' kicked out the special needs kid I was with for spilling his fries.
Give me a small inconvenience, two can play at that game
Try to embarrass me in front of your friends? I'll tell them your biggest secret.
Asshole manager drops belligerent customer in my lap without warning, and gets what's coming to him.
My evil plan
Complain about my work, I’ll document you causing what you complained about
Falsely accuse me of cheating? Oh, how the tables have turned.
Bend the rules and I'll bend your words.
UK truckers think they own the road.
Petty Father
Don't mess with a miner
Unnecessarily riding my ass on the freeway? Here, allow me to wash your windshield for you!
Don't leave things in my car if yoy want them back.
When you help your ex's baby mama put your abusive ex in jail.
I was a introverted loner in elementary and just wanted a friend, until I met her...
You steal my Lunch and you pay for it and get caught by the police
Your shit stinks too, mother-in-law
Pissing my idiotic brother
The Tale of the Very Green Gumball
Talking in the quiet area? Imma gonna slightly mess up your knitting project.
Sometimes Success is the best revenge
Let's see how you like leftovers when they're heated up by a garage.
"deleting" my little brothers Minecraft world
aim that fucking Sherrin at my window? you're never seeing it again you little shits!
Dude gets revenge on a snitch that got him fired.
My neighbor threatened my family over grass, so I legally took over his lawn.
The time my cousin forgot his game bag at my house
So this one time some asshole I was waiting on sent back a cup of coffee 3 times.
The joys of customer service..
Road-rager threatens me and expects to get away with it
That'll teach you not to hold the door.
A clever use of whale noises
Rev your motorcycle next to my kid, i'm "Sorry"
This zoo will name a cockroach after your ex for Valentine's Day
Call me names? I'll report your ass.
Teacher gets the best revenge on annoying know it all student.
Sister stole my blanket.
Steal my desk? Be annoyed for 30 seconds every day
Act of kindness turns into revenge
Don't mess with me, I will fuck you up.
Grumpy old man has his lawn forked up.
Berate me in front of my team.. ok
Fuck Micromanagers.
Revenge is sweet: Fed-up farmer hit by fly-tippers 25 times in a year sets up CCTV to catch latest culprit who left 400 tyres on his land... then dumps them on HIS doorstep
¢13 raise?
I am always up for a challenge
Keep running your mouth about doing training? Ok, now you get to do them alllll.How to stop my neighbour from digging through my garbage?
You want my pen? Here take it *snickers*.
Simple but delightful childhood revengeRoofies in a beer tower
Teacher takes away my ZeeBee so I end her whole career
The annoying kid gives me the wrong adress , gets what he deserves.
Cyclists also have to obey traffic laws
Loiter and be a dick? Have fun in jail tonight!
Splish, splash get the hell out of my way
Recess soda thief
Curtesy is free...
Annoyed me, so i annoyed them.
Stick my pen up your nose ONE more time, I dare you.
This is the website that ruins families...
Take that, mom
my sister is a germaphobe
Don't we all long for that glorious moment when you show people from your past that they were wrong?
Favorite Quote: I finally realized why God said vengeance is mine.
Husband's brother lives with us and has been wrecking our house....
After many months of crap from my room mate, I moved and left her a present
A big bag of "Nope!"
Bratty spoilt rich kid finally got what was coming to him
Bully horse gets whats coming to him
I wait, you wait
Petty Revenge on a MicroManager
Laugh at tragedy, would you? Here's some tragedy to laugh at. YOUR OWN!
You must suck
Good Luck With That Fine and Probation, Greg!
Am I a white trash? I hope you enjoy waxing my balls and ass.
Enjoy your soda/water
Wreck less driving? Good luck on that interview.
I hope you enjoy being fat.
Two best friends have their friendship ruined because one of them kept blaming me for the other being attracted to me.
A collection of small revenges on a lazy sister
My Co-Worker would eat me food, so I made Chilli with Ghost Chilli Peppers in it.
One of us is going to hell
not the usual post, but I thought this belonged here, X-post from r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu
Do your job poorly? Watch me too your colleague.
Got Crazy Christan Twitter Account Suspended
As a bartender, I do a lot of petty things
3 inches!
Trying to discipline a 21-year-old child.
Don't be rude to service workers.
Banned for the sake of 50p
Make me work harder on a hot day? I make better tips than you.
Asian kid’s sweet green revenge against his dad
Snitches get stitches.
Let your cat tear up my lawn furniture and plants? Have a free surprise trip to LA.
Drive threw edicate
Husband falsely accused, retaliates with fudgesicle. NSFW
Barge in? Go wait back in line.
Throw away my memories? Have fun with my toenails.
Don't you cut me off!
My GF thinks she is funnyRESTRAINING ORDER ENDS WHAT TO DO FOR REVENGE ON RESTRAINER
Don't want to take your stuff after you move out? I'll dispose of it for you...
Stay the hell off my wheelchair
Petty revenge and dead spiders...
Careful who you yell at
Finally, some revenge on my manipulative and abusive brother.
Consider it a surcharge for the 3 loads of laundry I am doing today...
Connect four more like stop being overconfident
Whole office left for new years party and told me I have to stay. so I did this to everyone's phone (x-post from r/funny)
Have fun waiting at the light.
You three Xbox? Seriously?
It’s just life!
Eat my leftovers?
Shitty roommate gets what she deserves
Blockbuster Douche
Email bomb?
Childish Revenge
Call me old? Let me scare a little life out of you in return..
Not contribute to the project? Okay.
Drive on my lawn without asking me? Fine, hope you like tire damage.
Petty Mother’s Day revenge on aggro dickhead customer
A steaming hot bowl of microwaved revenge.
Take my seat? Prepare to get squished
Don't be mean if you want dry hair
My first petty revenge on my future fiancee. Moral? Don't touch my radio.Drink my water? Get screwed in 6 weeks time.
Don't steal my pens
&lt;Watch!!!{Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice } . Full. Movie. 1080p. Streaming. Download. HD.Putlocker.
Give me the stink eye, I'll give you the stink.
Cut me off in the drive thru? Nope.
If i were religious, I'd apologise to a god for this one
I Made Him Think the Mayonnaise Was Pudding
Continually harassed by librarian
The Canal Barge
Barista revenge
Seagull gets revenge on middle school jerk.
Whoops... Time for another brand new one of the kind desk i guess.
Steal my coffee will you?
Don't Be A Dick On Vacation.
Bad managers
keep your promises
D&amp;D the rouge kept stealing so i found a way stop him for good
It your turn to cry
I need petty revenge tips
Ignore me? Have fun living in filth
Double Vengeance.
Amazon Thief Gets The SHIT
Don't honk at me..
Make me clean my own hotel bathroom? Okay.
Petty trash revenge
Revenge on a neighbor hit and run
You use my shit all the time, you get a nasty surprise.
Funny but petty
Dude from the UK pretended to be Indian. Got banned from my Discord...
Delay my sleep? Gonna need gas.
Think I'm annoying? Have some bad karma.
Slap me when your trying to fight someone else no no not how it goes
You don't deny me a charger, I deny you use of your computer!
Enjoy the ink stains
Im not giving you the $600 I owe you
dads petty car revenge.
Melted popsicle does the trick
Don't want to switch one TV to watch the game? Then we will take our drinking money elsewhere!
Misleadingly advertising your hotel won't always force guests to pay your stupid charges...
Oh you're in a hurry? Let me take forever on your return.
Have you ever heard a guinea pig screech?
Once upon a time, before revenge porn was a crime...
Keep parking in a private lot and asking for help? Guess you’re getting towed.
Just another double parking revenge but I have a question.
Choir teacher gets drama teacher to quit, his replacement is total revenge
Probably the nastiest way anyone has gotten back at their EX.
Scream at me, get a $250 fine.
$3 Coffee Entitlement
The best 25 cents I've ever spent!
Glory hallelujah
Dear Hummer driver,
Take my painless project? Enjoy more work!
Call my friend a bitch? Have fun getting home!
The tale of the Roommate who messed with the wrong doormat.
Cashier Revenge On College Campus
Cut me off in traffic? Good luck getting in the building.
From 30 minutes or less to 2 hours or more
Road rage is for cry babies
For everyone that yells "Freebird!" at concerts...
Bad group mate ended up repeating a course...twice
Homophobic bitch? Alright, I'll be gay for you
My class and I got a teacher to leave her racist and sexist husband
Easy peasy revenge
Bye Felicia!!!
Try to publicly shame me? Get a taste of your own medicine.
Socks and Underwear
There are some times you shouldn't delay a man. Since you keep trying, you can just wait.
Don't mess with a girl and her ponies.
You cheat on me, steal, and lie?! I embarrass you!
I deleted a gym in Pokemon Go cause the woman that lives near it is a bitch
Cheating is very bad.
Want to give your credit info on speaker phone in a restaurant? Let me make sure I got that right.
Don’t use others stuff without their permission
Revenge On The Porch Pirates
Trying to leave me behind?
Flight attendant gets the attention of an inconsiderate traveler
I only wanted to here you sing Ocean man
Ways to mess with someone you live with?
You're being shitty, so I'm not telling you something very important...
Want some gum?
You Ruin My Life? I'll Punch You In The Face!
I JUST WANT TO PLAY CHESS
Dad gets his revenge on cocky recruits
Noisy hotel guest payback
revenge
You and your wife are assholes
Doing nothing is sometimes the best revenge
So my 'friends' pissed on my toothbrush
Need petty passive-aggressive revenge tactics
Disrespect my ride, wither under my disdain
I don't like being used, and given the worst jobs just because I'm new.
Be an absolute monster over an mp3? Hope you like sharing the recording.
Not gonna give me back my souvenir? Get humiliated!
https://www.peoplehype.com/2018/10/26/breaking-news-50-cent-buys-200-tickets-to-ja-rule-show-so-its-empty/
Let me go potty!
Mom has me get secret revenge on crazy neighbor
Risk my dogs life? Have fun cleaning your windshield.
How to ruin a party you weren't invited to
Need ideas for ebay scammer
Chinese buffet pettiness never tasted so good.
You're the self-proclaimed technological expert? Let's test that!
I may be too big to retaliate, but my little brother isn't
The magical deathcore car ride
You Make an Account with my Email I can do What Ever I Want With it
Don't take my towel!
CEO used me to do work for free for a friend and then fired me for something that was his fault
People these days for lmao
OK, so you cut me in line. Now you get to wait WAY longer before leaving the store!
Talking on the phone while I'm studying in the library..
Misclassified Employee: MeWhen I was in second grade in 1990 we used to go to the computer lab twice a week.
A He-Man Revenge
Ditched my contest to host your own? I'll win your contest and nab the prizes, then!
Keep flaking on gaming sessions? Two can play at that game
Let your child act like a monster and scream profanity, don't get any pie.
Make my life miserable, I get rid of perhaps the only copy
I ran and told on him to his mother
Frat denied me in college, dirty looks after rushing
Treat me like crap? You won’t be getting hired for my job.
Original post on entitled parents was deleted.
Black Ops 2 Revenge
You want a reminder? I'll give you a reminder.
When your complaints don't make a difference.
Pushing in a Crowd? Get Pushed Back
Line cutter I'm not taking your bullshit
I was just being nice.
I can pay the entry fee, but I won't win
You wanna jump on top of my RV ya little wanker? Well, how about I scare the shite right outta ya?
Don't let me sleep, I won't let you sleep.
Insult me while entering a code? Go ahead genius
Racist customer shouldn't have came to my register.
Ride my bumper when I'm already speeding? That's a paddlin'.
Petrol station prat gets taste of own medicine
Frat house shenanigans...
YOUR parking space? I don't think so!
Keep deleting my Netflix profile? Have fun watching only kiddie shows in heck knows whose language.
Crazy ex boyfriend is Gay?
Worst roommate I ever had? Prepare to never get a goodnight sleep ever again!
High blood pressures at 4 AM
Petty Karma
Karmic Justice for Fat Chick.
Ghosting isn't a very nice thing to do.
Problem with me feeding my child in public? Enjoy being cold!
Your boss gave it to me
Crazy girl’s bullying behavior exposed to friends/family/acquaintances
Two is Trouble
Petty Revenge on some dumb kids.
He pees or I go full Karen
Break up with me over the phone and use me to get with another guy? Get popcorned.
So You Want to go to Jail?!
Parking Ramp
One of those crazy dorm stories that will just make you go, what? (NSFW)
Put psychotic Karen on probation for disrespecting me
Leave the darkroom door open? Get locked out.
Blowing up messages with just a phone number
Rude to me? I get sooooo laaaazy...
Screwed over DM by leaving and she messed up paperwork so they had to pay me extra.
Don't make fun of my kid's head
Using LinkedIn To Annoy A Work Enemy
Test
Fuck you and your "turns out i don't have it" sob stories.
1st time poster, friend suggested i leave this here
Using my phone number when ordering a parcel? Enjoy it not arriving at your house.
Write that I'm a B***H on my tables, dig out your own key then
Ban me from the game for petty reasons? I'll take away your host privileges
Told him he needed to be a little more classy
Some guy tried to cause an accident just for the lols of ut.
Quick and effective petty revenge on little brother.
The Christmas Gift
Dressed up as revenge
"Communicate among yourselves, guys!"
Left my soul crushing job in style !
Yearbook Notes
Request: How to get a restaurant manager in hot water with owners
Torment me for a Year? Prepare to Grovel for Five!
I tell Mr. Awkward McInteruptingface what I think
Dont dish what you cant take :))
Small drain wastes 30 million gallons of water to get back at local government for placing watering restrictions
Steal my daughters iPad, you don't get to sleep in this summer.Pinning you down, fucker.
Threaten me over lizards you'll never get them
Please, keep being obnoxious during the concert
Zipcar troubles
Bully me, fine, threaten my friend, and and up never working in pet grooming again.
Found out how to shut off my sister’s internet access
You're a Jerk at work? Enjoy your GoT spoiler.
From Vinyl Fraud to Public Humilation to Judge Rinder (UK TV) to Court: The Story of Carl *****.
Getting "revenge" on my narcasistic and transphobic mom.
Drunken Mother Deletes my DVR. Enjoy being cut off!
Clever Help Wanted
Just Don't Show Up
Annoying a Loud Neighbor
Pettiness at an animal shelter.
Model revenge
I guess this qualifies as petty
Flight attendant gets petty revenge on entitled Parent
You steal my router, I break it.
Won't turn off your horn alarm?
Returning dumped rubbish
Law breakers will be annoyed
Killed a man because he kept taking my fries during lunch
And you called me hostile.
Make fun of my hair? Miss your bus dumbasses
Rude 'reclining woman' sat in front of me on a 9 hour flight
Oh, were you waiting for THIS parking spot?
Come in late and unprepared? I'll take away your overtime!
My REVENGE on Denny's waitress
Bonk.io gone too far
Keep me up with your music? Enjoy listening to mine as I get ready for my 9am
If he had just asked if he could go ahead of me, I probably would have let him.
Sister-in-Law Revenge
Gross coworker
I gave my grandma corona.
Art teacher revenge
Don't call me back after an interview? Enjoy your business's new bad review and low rating.
Petty revenge on a r/pettyrevenge commenter's petty comment.
I'm no thief... but they don't know that.
It's been a while too..
Pretend to be a fundraiser and trick a kid into spending all his money? That's cool, I'll just take back all that money. Also, have fun in that room.
We're Never Gonna Give This Up
Take my Pencil? I'll take it back!A Flight Attendant Screamed at My Grandfather
Honk at me? Now you get to wait.
Enjoy your shirt nipples.
Another tale of elevator revenge.
Stinky Revenge
Missing 25 cents? No food for you.
First class is sweet
My ex is gaining weight while I'm losing weight.
Throw my frozen coke on the ground? Enjoy a flat phone.
Steve Huffman fight me you little bitch!
Keep taking my knife? We'll see about that.
Tailgate me while I’m accelerating on the freeway ramp like a normal person. I’m just going to wash my windshield at 65mph.
Is this petty enough?
HELP TO GET MY PETTY REVENGE!!!!
So I worked for a company where very little work happened, but rumors and gossip were bountiful.....
My best revenge is simply existing
Nope, not doing it today, siblings.
Just because you drive a convertible doesn't mean you own the road
Don't make fun of mentally handicapped people!
You can make a coworker break Federal regulations if you want to.
Sure I'll collect your trash!
Asshole gets mad at me because I wouldn’t do something that wasn’t my job.
Give me a concussion? Considee yourself off the team
Stole my bully’s iPod
Work Experience.
Get me fired I'll leave a business card on your car.
Bitches at work betrayed me. Would like some help fucking up their day.
Make fun of me for being sick? You don't get the chocolate.
Dont have any manners keep your fly open all day
Spoil endgame say bye to your minecraft account (i wont spoil it dw)
Tie your shoes, peasant.
Mess with me and my stuff? Go sit in jail.
Someone parked too close to my driver's side door
Driving instructor ripped me off. What can I do with his number?
soapy coffee
brother slaps me i put needle under his sheets
Playing Pokemon Go, and some Team Valor guys drive up and take control of my gym
Driving Two-fer
Be rude? Merchandise card!
Petty Revenge-Ish?
Ex Boyfriend Trying to Prove Something?
Response letter to Karen, aka Mrs.Grinch
I “interrogated” a classmate into giving back my property.
Cause a minor inconvenience at work? Enjoy a minor inconvenience when you leave.
Push my mirror, will you?
Break up and ghost me? Don’t expect me to take advantage of my kindness.
I hope her grocery cart is loaded to the max
So petty it might be pro
Apples of the the voluntolder...
I present a group project alone
Plumbing Instructor was rude to me, so I let his shop fail safety inspection and get a write up
Piss cologne
Accuse our arborists of vandalism? Not on my watch.
Ex-tra bucks.
Bitchy Lady at Starbucks
My Sister and the TV
Good luck with the local train!
Anti-Semitic lunch stealer gets what's coming.
Have fun being slightly confused in the bathroom. Jerk.
College Party Throwers vs. Weekend Campers
Funny "I Told You So" Story About my Dad
You want to heckle at a concert? I'll make sure you loose your first row spot.
'What did you call me?'
You moon me? My pup shall avenge me...
No pumpkin flavor candy for you!
The French exchange trip from hell when I was 12: how I got my revenge on the family who hosted me.
Petty Revenge on Boss
Not going to show common road courtesy? I'll show you!
Never take hush puppies for granted
Wife just got in the way "helping" so I made her long ride home uncomfortable.
Petty revenge, 20th century royals edition
Don't get replies from friends? How did that happen hmm?
Try to trip me? Enjoy your fall!
Pencil got stolen, found the pencil and stole all his other ones.
Thanks for ditching us, asshole
I just hope everyone is okay...
Be bitch to me? I'll take your parking spot
Drummer during the music break, hitting on a girl dancer, Friend Leo cuts ups some skins.
Paying a bill over the phone
Enjoy my runoff you ass
CEO is a massive jerk, so I exposed one of his pet peeves to others he treats poorly so we can subtly piss him off.
I told you to take me off your chain emails, you old creepCut all my hours? Enjoy your shift!
My loud neighbors found out, I too, can be loud and obnoxious.
One of my coworkers made me really angry last night
Steal from our lunches, we don't just complain.
This isn't so much a petty revenge, but it's my proudest.
Don't neglect your son who just came back from college.War of the Whiteboard
A small petty revenge against racism.
If you want to frown like that
I pranked my roommate who ate my food, but not in the typical sense, and he moved out.
Might Have Been Illegal, But I'm Sure He Learned His Lesson
Stay on your phone? Enjoy the "sale" turkey
So you want to illegally park in my parking spot? Hmmmm
A girl came up behind me at a bar and poured a full drink on my head. Considering my petty revenge options.
Bully ruined my paper so I ruined his dignity
Applejuice
I'm not sure if we've met before. Remind me — are you the one who name-called me for no reason?
No Prize No Ice Cream
Next door neighbor (apartment) always left her valet trash can out early and halfway in front of my door
Amish Roulette
I just have to pee
My best petty driving revenge ever
Someone petty-revenged on my ass
School camp from hell treated me terribly, but I had the last laugh.
How do I get revenge on a moderator that had my account banned from the site?
Deli customer gets her own back.
Eat my last snack? Have fun taking a crap when you need one!
Loud music? I guess you're going to miss that goal...
Help me get some petty revenge on a shit person who doxxes others online and encourages others to send hate mail?
10 years after my father was turned down for a job, he stopped an interview used the man's words against him to not give him a government project.
TO THE GUY WHO GOT CALLED FROM MICROSOFT AND HE HAD THEM ON THE PHONE FOR LIKE HALF AND HOUR HOUR, THEY CALLED ME TOO
How dare you embarrass me
Don't mess with my laundry
Class clown gets dummied up during a lecture
clerk always watchs me a little to intent. after gaining trust I seek my opportunity. I saw the sub and had to share the joy I felt tat day.
Let's kill her with kindness!
Kid steals my cousins friends soccer ball, my friends tip over his kayak.
Stop riding my ass
Our friendship is built on a mutual hate.
Have fun waiting at the crosswalk, douchebag!
I didn't force her to eat there
Be helpful? Here's your commission! Demand it? No commission for you!
He started a spoilers war. I decided to get back as hard as possible
Want to act like you know everything? Let me make you spend £600
hairdresser cow
Be a bad mother? No updates for you!
Pandora is the best weapon of petty revenge
Write me a referral because I stood at my bus stop, prepare to be slightly inconvenienced!
A smelly revenge
Cheating student unaware of policy, gave him what he asked for, and gets bitten by it four years later
I don't understand people
Fuck with me? I fuck with you back
Night manager at Target fires me two weeks before Christmas and gets buzzed repeatedly.
She was too busy to go get her own, I guess...
Squish Squash
High on petty revenge... and weed.
brother pisses me off. i unplug his games
Unfairly ban me? have fun with griefers.
"Fuck you, sound-guy!" Oh yeah?
Getting back at someone who got me banned from a discord server
Messing with netflix revenge
Are you sure you don't want internet?
Torment us in minecraft? Wait till you get dissed behind your back!
Making too much noise at night? We’ll mess up your wedding photos
Salad dressing
Treat me like a piece of meat, I'll make you drop your piece of meat.
Lazy coworkers didn't like sharing printer responsibilities
Hello, you masters of petty revenge
Not that petty? I think?
Isn’t it ironic?
Send me unwanted junk on Amazon? Thanks for the cash!
Don't want me to have your parking spot? Too bad!
Very poor choice of words...
The Bitch who called me a nigger
Beat up a bully in a snowball fight
An idea for those who need it 😈
No, unfortunately I can't stay until the 30th
The pettiest thing I have ever done
American Flag Revenge
Revenge for not helping with a free grass cutting
Car dealership gets my bowling ball stolen.
TP vengeance
Treat me like a little kid and ignore proof I'm right? Have fun drinking cat food.
No Pens For You
I feel so great now, take that Steve!
Lying to get a meal? Let's see how you feel being done that back to you.
Social Butterfly petty revenge
I'll make sure someone's always knocking at your front door.
Oh!! It's no chore day, I had no idea
Publish0x - Earn Crypto for Publishing, Reading Content
!!!! एक कॉल !!!! +91-9649320175 lOVE mARRIAGE##SPECIALIST##bABA jI
I quit! Well not yet...
LADY WHO BOUGHT THE LAST IBUPROFEN TO SPITE ME HAD HER LUNCH RUINED
Report me to the Conduct Review Board? I'll ruin your Saturdays for the next 6 months.
Don't fall asleep in class...
Revenge of a petty phone administrator
Enjoy all the junk mail your mailbox will hold and calls from solicitors as well.
If you wanted me to show up for my last 2 shifts, you should not have acted like such a huge dick.
My childhood petty revenge on a 10-year-old mean girl.
I told my parents that my older brother lost his virginity and he got some nasty revenge on me.
My come back for being called a whore
You will respect me in my house
Wash your mouth out
In a group project I was the only girl in my group
Well played. Well played.
Force me to swallow? You're next, buddy.
Driver threatened me for merging in front of him so I really peeved him off
Revenge is..... salty
Local band won’t play any of our requests, most likely will never be back.
Ex best friend for 7 years turns on me and her parents threaten my family, so I make them move states by calling the police and getting them evicted.
Don't Try to Fire Me.
U mess with my minecraft world say bye bye computer
Any flavor you say?
An Austrian Concentration camp is not your photography studio
Leave passive-aggressive sticky notes? Enjoy logging back into windows.
Did you just hit my car?
Don't give away private details in a public place
Dentist Revenge
No that's okay. I didn't wanna get in my car anyway.
Cant justify paying me more? I cant justify working for you anymore.
Filled your inbox (hopefully)
Disgruntled ex (Radio phone-in)Assholes Don't Get Farewells
Trolled a PS5 Scalper
Deadbeat roommate, a revenge 3-for-1
Going to just be rude?
Revenged Government Pig &amp; Nasty Neighbours In One!
Douchebag Coworker
My sister used my razor so I told her I have herpes
Mom makes me do swim team, I figure out how to get out of it
Wanna be a dick to the pizza guy in public? Have fun being shamed in front of your friends!
Jealous of me having a girlfriend and you’re going to ruin my life? I’ll destroy you.
Annoying kid in the boarding area loses his seat
Pokemon Go is serious business
I really don't care if you're just running in for onesecond.
Get students who hate you to clean your car? What could go wrong.
Asshole driver gets what he deserves
Pushy sales rep runs for his life
Painting pettiness
Shitty nurse manipulates my family against me. I make his day worse just a little bit.
They say living well is the best revenge...
Hard partiers get a rude awakening from Bastard Husband
Parent and child car parking petty revenge
I tap danced my shitty suitemate to insanity for bullying my best friend
Passive-aggressive driving at its safest
Maybe next time they'll leave us alone
Don't want to wipe down my table, fine.
Plumber gets petty revenge on complaining customer
Revenge against my Sgt who slept with my wife.
If you wake me up, you're sleeping hungry
Wrecking a bike thief
Confetti party!
I live with an adult child...
Yet another crappy partner story.
special needs helper was an entitled jerk so i got her fired
Keep using my phone number? Prepare to have your appointments canceled.
How I met my Wife with Revenge
Bully me for half-year what about you give me cake!
When a tailgater meets a concrete block
Revenge with an extra side of intonation problems.
Shoe Punishment
Do not loose your workbooks!
How do I get my revenge?
Hot Cocoa Revenge
Treat me, my friends and my family like junk even if we took the best care of you possible? Enjoy losing all of your luggage!
Pretty Petty Mint
Rich kid gets shown his place
Annoyed by other dogs at the dog park? Let me inconvenience you on your way out
When my brother's mean to me, I'm  mean back.
Roasted toasted
What are you going to do anyway on “ALL” those Saturdays off.. I mean really?
Teacher bans me from library, I don't return my book
Taking revenge on asshole drivers.
Bottled Saliva
Enjoy your late days!
You cant pass it to me, thats fine
So you like my hot sauce?
Roommates and revenge.
But I don't shoot squirrels!
Sauerkraut turnovers.
Bad roommates...getting even.
I'm gonna try this again... Cousins revenge should have been more than petty...
Make Me mad and I will make you use the thing you hate most.
Horrible roommate gets karma
Brother ruins his sister’s childhood with a simple iOS update!
Corporate revenge
Grief my friends' houses, let me make your house a tourist attraction
My best friend and I weren't talking
Do You Need To Hire A Lawyer? Read On!
Nero's Revenge (x-post from SOA)
Don't be a buzzkill. If you don't like it, just leave.
Jerk Gets His Comeuppance
Revenge on ex-coworker
These are not the onion rings you're looking for.
Enjoy Unemployment
Rude waitress
I told you before now good bye
Revenge of the nerd: If you blame me for your teaching failures, then I won't speak a word until graduation.
Help me exact petty revenge on tele scammer?
So you want to bully me and kill me in minecraft? get you base griefed and burned loser
The Poop Straw Incident
Revenge on my High School bully
Steam Pre Order
Having trouble paying attention to the road? Let me help you with that.
Sister thinks she better than me, yeah think again
If you're rude to me then I will ruin your dinner plans
When people leave the cart blocking the aisle to walk away to get something.
Don't Answer the Phone? I Will Make Your Life Only Slightly More Irritating
You make fun of me because I'm a nerd, I ruined your life.
GIRL CHUCKS STUFF ON THE GROUND BUT WHAT GOES AROUND COMES AROUND
Teaching a Lesson...In Smash.
Mess with me? Your gonna mess with the boys...
Traped in his own negligence
Don't look down at my mom
Short but sweet.
Guys, there is some glorious petty revenge going on in askreddit
Use my friendship to get the girl? I’ll ruin your relationship
Have some Petty Revenge- Canadian Style!
Try to prank call me multiple times? Enjoy getting freaked out.
Bratty kid at walmart
Man calls sister a cripple, dad gets ultimate revenge
Don't take my zebra cake!
Avoid doing the group project and need to leave early on presentation day? That's not happening.
Make snide remarks? Alright then.
At least I'm not the one exploiting horses while sitting on a high one.
I went to bed and turned on my alarm just so I could turn it off in the morning and go back to sleep
The Post-It note.
Best $50 I ever 'made'.
Got Back at a Terrible Teacher
Have fun taking "Tallulah Bells" to the vet!
Sorry, didn't know you were in a rush
I didn't mail someone a Christmas card, but I mailed one to someone else.
A slice for a slice.
A girlfriend cheated with a couple guys so I emailed her friends and family her very NSFW confession.
Wasting his time
Getting a vaccine at age 15
Wait for it...
Rude to me and my coworkers? No 10% off coupon for you!
I spit in your coffee, and I’m not sorry about it.
Leave me alone at a Christmas party? Enjoy the crappy desserts, then!
If the dress fits
I stepped on her cheerios, she stepped on her cheerios.
Don't plagiarise
Want to rush into the changing room? Enjoy waiting extra long if u don't want to get gassed.
No exchanges? No problem.
Sexist manager gets what she deserves
Pretend you don't see me and I will let my kid interrupt your phone call
Karen Ruins a Night of Bowling
So it's a neighbourly tidy house competition you want, huh?
I almost got my ex fired for being racist.
Catfish me? I'll catfish you back
Leave your trolley any damn where
Got a co-worker stuck in warehouse duty for a month.
Petty revenge on my dad.
I hate it so much when people dig through old posts just to attack others, that I made an account for the sole purpose of forcing such trolls to see my dick
Never anger a dungeon master, even if you are his gf.
Help me out?
Roommate reaping what she sowed
Falsely accuse me of TPing your house? I'll actually TP your house.
The Patience Game
Telemarketer spam: a rememberance
I battling a another redditor on reddit
Piano guy upstairsReframing the pettiness
Revenge on brother gets even better
Steal our electricity? Two companies want to know your location
Breadsticks and the lunch time rush
Manager wants to argue with me on my out, enjoy being even more understaffed
The soon to be awkward moment when you're going to have to resolved your own doings.
Mean girl at school looks like a fool in front of everyone
Tables of karma turned, as I willfully, gladly wrecked her life by denying her tenure. Welcome to Japan.
The underrated value of pay phones
Can't beat my savageness
EA Tries to get me to Date her daughter So I plan petty revenge
Grandma Bella's Perfectly 'Shitty' Aim ..
Flip Me Off for No Reason? Road Debris Will Strike Your Car
Bully me? I'll educate you on water purification.
My stepmom didn’t like the flowers I got her and said I should’ve just went to the store, so I went to the store and and bought a bow and picked her more flowers.
You want your golf ball back???
Impatience is rewarded with having to wait.
You had fun for 4 years, now it's my time
Rude lady gets what she deserves
Don't park on pavements
Revenge Is Sweet
Revenge of the Cat
Cinema Dilemma - no spoilers
pickly revenge
Extremely Petty Revenge On My 5th Grade Teacher
If you have to keep using someone else’s stuff, buy your own!
Steal my seat? Have fun searching for a manager.
Revenge on brother with his own joke
Learn not to throw away somebody else's property.
Scratch your face and blame me? I’ll fart on you
News is just crap anyway
Pranked annoying entitled dude on the last day of 5th Grade
You need my help after playing me? ......No.
Vandalize my store and harass my coworkers? Have Fun in Juvie!
Mean lady gets what she deserves
I really don't like red-light runners
Sales guy keeps calling us and hanging up on us
Coworker is lazy and makes me miserable, soci return the favor
This guy stole my box of pop tarts and threw them on the floor
No more deliveries
Drunk douche spills my new, full beer at a dance party.
Bartender's Petty Revenge
Customer Karens a little too hard and misses out on a $100 store voucher
My Roommate Left The Pizza Cutter Dirty, So I Hid It And Then He Said Something Dumb...
Dropped someone’s stuff right to the ground after he tricked me
Rudely tell my brother he shouldn’t ride his mini bike? Prepare for some petty revenge
Kids get taught - humility
The tale of Mrs. Dupriest and the 3rd-grade class
Scream at me at night will ya, you'll find a surprise tomorrow morning
The Very Brief Legend of the Bumper Brushing Bitch
You should have been fair with you fares
Rude woman gets what she deserves.
Can't watch your own kid? I'll slowly waste your crap.
Try and use small print to fool customers? I'll use it to fool you, internet and cable provider!
You Should Have Just Taken Her Out on a Real Date
That is my car.
My wife stole my bluetooth work headphones to look at porn so I paired them with my phone and played a Joel Olsteen anti masturbation sermon about 5 minutes in.
Lady drives BMW aggressively through parking lot, I enact revenge a week later....Rude lady in BMW has no awareness
Channel, gone reduced to atoms.
Do not abuse the essential staff
Act like an asshole? Enjoy your diaper
Mother in law deletes my Netflix watch list and adds her shows
Tailgate me and blast your horn at me? Well I'm going to go slower
Don't pay your bills? I'll hide your iPad.
Person who won latest Smash Bros. Tourney GETS BODIED AT THIS ONE
I'll teach you to clean up after yourself!
Have fun eating with your hands
Be rude to women? Feel my petty vengeance.
us and our neighbors sign war
Jacket Revenge
Thanks for the 40¢ off a gallon, dickcheese!
I tore the bully's clothes every time until he stopped bullying me
You fucked up my restroom, but I got my revenge xpost /r/talesfromyourserver
Thought this post belonged here xD
Fluffy revenge
Was cut in line by an employee and did what I saw fit. NSFW language
You Bully My Friends with language which you dont know the meaning of? Fine, you’ve lost your innocence!
Clippity Clop
*CONFRONTATIONAL* LAMBORGHINI TOW TRUCK RECOVERY!
Oh so you wanna get shitty with me, lady? Then I'll make your ears pop.
Refuse to pay an extra couple of cents for a smoothie you get every single week? Enjoy no smoothie then??
Ok dickhead, be that way
Sleep through the alarm that wakes me up? Enjoy "the bird is the word" at full volume while I go out.
Failing fatty
Line Cutters at The Amusement Park? You wait in line for nothing.
kill a goose wth your car? okay, howbout you get exposed(shamed) for what you did in collage
Be a jerk to the cashier? Fine, pay almost double for your burgers.
Wont stop coming to my door? I'll make you pay.
Enjoy your pink polka-dot cap, golfbro douche!
Honk at me while I'm loading my groceries in my car? Enjoy waiting for nothing
Kids in my group do jack-sh*t for a project and get nothingness
You want shaders?
Please don't be difficult about what car you're taking
I make advertisers pay
Don't Mess With Your Tattoo Artist
I always leave the toilet seat down to be courteous towards women.
Fuck your honking.
The Great Mustard Prank
Star Trek Revenge
Liar
Board Game Cheater
Don't cut and flip people off if you have ride share stickers on your car
Insult me and call me names? Ok.
You use Yahoo huh?
Refuse to wear a mask and yell at my mom and the other customers who warned you? Tell that to the cops.
Rich People Cars are Driven by Jerks
Got my step brother grounded for reading my diary after he stole toys from my room.
Think my cousin is an unauthorized short term renter? Have fun paying for boat storage.
Push me around I will turn off your Xbox
Got some sweet, sweet revenge on a co-worker today
Don't need help? You will in a minute...
I purposefully wake my roommate up in the morning
i embarrassed a guy who had just been a huge douchebag in middle school
Be a jerk at the gas station?
Lets all be petty together!
Brilliant idea
Someone stole something from me and I was given a great opportunity for revenge
Rude to New Flight Attendant? Say Bye to Your Laptop
I’ve been using my shitty boss’ condiments at work
good
Get me a backhanded passive agressive Christmas present, hope you enjoy not watching Netflix any time soon
Leaving W/O Logging off Leaves you liablitity for desktop hurricane
Making a tailgater look stupid, all for my own amusement
Please don't push me and cut in line
I have my enemy's phone number, what do?
Rick Rolled my neighbors new BT speaker this morning.
I made my sister lose $20 in a card game
Kid threw icecream at to look cool, then showed up again.
Steal my pencil and act like im the annoying one? Enjoy waking up at 3am on Saturday!
abusive drinker meets her match
Sometimes I'd rather look at his face instead of yours!
Can’t cut my hair? I’ll shave my head
I created a traffic jam for sweet revenge
Graffiti Saved School Spirit?
Nothing too fancy, caught a lunch thief.
Revenge of B12
Disturb my slumber with your loud car? Prepare to suffer my wrath.
Revenge on a brat
AITA for playing a porn soundtrack when my dad and his partner refused to keep their sex noises down? (Taken from AITA)
How about a nice walk home, huh?
Enjoy having no closure!
Rude Lady Gets Ugly Mug
Enjoy your graffiti-ed presentation, professor.
Be stupid and try to scam me? I'll TAKE my refund and give out a couple more.
Cheat on me have fun pulling useless bricks from the basement
Watch where you are going!
Steps and stares
So you don’t have your share of the electric bill, but you have money for a PS5?
Be a lazy little ass while I'm cleaning the house? Lemme hijack your Discord! (Extremely, EXTREMELY Petty)
I cleared an entire feild of assholes with one fire.
Ran up a Discover Credit Card for 72k without paying a dime.
I put bubble bath in the top tank of my ex's toilet.
Slam my locker now you can’t open yours
"I hate loud music!"
Brag about your family being from Spain all the time and be rude to me as well? I'll learn enough Spanish to insult your entire family.
Block all traffic in the left lane? Sit at the light for another round.
Got a kid permanently banned for annoying me in a Minecraft server.
That's right, I'm a pussy.
Please help
Back when I worked in fast food...
Car spot fury
Bitch about something very minor, I'll leave you a parting gift
Roommate towel revengeSometimes the best way to deal with an unpleasant customer is to kill them with kindness.
I scared a jerk that was invading my personal space
Stolen Smokes Revenge
Hook up with our mutual friend's gf? I'll make sure you fail a class!
Think you get to speak for the whole neighborhood? I'll take my time mocking you.
Well, you do say TRICK or treat...
Blast music with obscenities in public? Enjoy your shitty new music selection.
worth the pain.
The underclassmen and the thermostat
Need to borrow some money for doughnuts? Sure I'll just take my share then.
Beer Thieves Discouraged
Fighting with the girlfriend. I love you. Or do I?
Interrupting me while I am helping a customer will cost you a petty penny
So the driver cant make the order? Fine then...
Have a fun trip
Don't be a dick to the sound guy
Toxicity Removed
Delay my caffeine?!?!
Interrupt me again? Fine, I'll knock the pillow off your chair!
Bully me? Get a phone thrown at you. (:
UPDATE on the UPDATE: Stupid bimbo scams me, brags about it on Facebook, threatens to sue with a fake lawyer. VENGEANCE IS MINE, SAYETH THE SWEETALKERSWEETALKER.
Thief Gets Exposed after stealing food.
how to be as petty as possible in this situation?
Oh, you're cold? Sorry, not sorry
Don't drink out of my toilet (petty revenge on my dog)
Absolut piss and vinegar...
Ice or no ice in my drink? How about I piss on the walls of your bathroom?
Forget my age mom? I'll forget yours
Enjoy your night, crazy lady.
When Tech-savvys get revenge on a school bully
Some teachers can't deal with kids who confront them instead of silently obeying
So I get bored on long trips.....
Your router? My corndogs.
Ride my bumper after I try to be nice, have a nice wait.
Revenge on my dads dodgy wrapping
You don't want to deliver tea to your friends? Fine go home.
Student lies about my sexuality and faked a relationship between us in order to bully me. I wait until the perfect moment to the creep in trouble.
"We don't make mistakes"
Mom Pulled the power on our Router..
r/pettyrevenge
I will destroy your bathroom at your work
A prick called Rick.
Fake Craigslist reversal
Like to follow me around like I'm going to steal something? Open a window.
Act like a bitch? Enjoy some loogie shoes
And I'm the "asshole"
Don't be rude to a hospital registration clerk, or else you'll be in mild discomfort for hours
Enjoy your slog through the snow
i could get my teacher fired
Hot Dogs for the Hot Dog Man
She pooped on my bed? I locked her in the laundry room.
Idea Request: Catching bag thieves in a Cafe
I broke up with my cheating girlfriend and decided to get a bit
Don't bitch about eating late
First Post
High Protein Breakfast
Oh, you're missing your teck deck?
A prayer request got a substitute teacher fired.
She wouldn't let me sit in her Box fort so I turned it to psychological torture
idiot coworker
Backless dress
Don't get mad, make em' pay!
Race day woes
I see your $10 and raise you $100.
Say bye-bye to fun
What Goes Around, Comes Around
Take my seat in an empty restaurant, and then give me the stink eye when I 'interrupt' you for my iPad? Enjoy sitting outside with no fan
“You can only make up 4 hours on the weekend”
The legend of the goat.
FIL thinks everything is his to use or do with as he pleases.
Did i manifest my exs death? Tw:drugs/death
Tell me what to do? Gladly.
Inpatient? Can’t wait for the driver in front to not run someone over. Enjoy getting pissed off for the next 10 minutesSteal my cigs? Here's a 60€ fine x2
30 y/o men harassing 20 y/o me at work. Revenge is great.
Thinking blocking train door open then it tries to leave, is a good idea?
This is some text I copied from my post, but this is why you don’t mess with the quiet guy
Be mean to and abuse me during my stay with you? Let's see how you like it if I flood your work email with Scientology spam.
Girl gave a lesson to the impatient rude driver... She will definitely remember this lesson
Adjustable seat.
Slowed down to piss off an unsafe driver.
Don't Knock? Guess you get wait a bit longer.
Kneeling pad
HAM PANTS FOR YOU! Pretty common revenge.
Need ANON SMS
Cut me up at traffic lights, get a £60 bus lane fine.
Petty Revenge Against My Roommate
Express Bus Revenge
How to make a point with a crappy server (at least I hope we did)
Parenting Revenge
(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIj1ehvJYhM)
Kick me out of my desk? I'll just leave all my stuff in the drawers.
When You Are Not Welcome In A Fortnite Party
Revenge is.... salty
How does it feel to get your name spelled wrongly repeatedly?
Kick me out for your personal problem, let see you handle your work problem.
My co worker is an asshat.
Shopkeeper annoys others with loud music. Another shopkeeper responds back with a telephone
Neighbor cuts our tree in half without asking
Petty revenge online
My family didn't share my dinner. I didn't share their favorite treat.
Payday 2 petty revenge on a terrible game host (x-post from /r/paydaytheheist)
I need some advice for getting revenge against a thief.
You don't like my lawn signs? Let me make them bigger.
Psychotic Neighbor Hates Dogs
My work dilemma
Don’t blame your ass on me!
I'm a snow plow driver.
Pettiest revenge ever against my bullies
Prank pizza
Toilet Swimsuit for beef jerky... seems fair
Steal my mentos? How about i buy them all
Taco traitor
The “Genius” of the Class
Bully me in school? I get you detention at my will
Cost me $1,000 and treat me like a diseased leper? I’ll multiply your already-irrationally insane anxiety about Covid.
Invade my space in the grocery line, I'll invade yours.
Gonna start a spoiler war with me? Hope you're prepared.
Revenge On The Oxygen Poaching Co-worker
Vengeful child
Got a perv fired at a call center.
Frick band practice
Keep me up till four in the morning?
Guy cheated on his Girlfriend who was a Close Friend, so I Gambled with him and Won. He was 29, I was 10.
One u-turn is too exciting to look at the road, hope you enjoy a few more
Makeup Shenanigans
Annoying phone calls: Double revenge!
Hotel
Downvote my comment? I’ll return the favor 10 fold!!
Park behind me? Enjoy defrosting your car!
Selling dad's weed
Petty Revenge Best Served Late
I Was Accused Of Robbery And Almost Arrested. I Got Revenge!
I exposed my abusive ex on an Instagram story after i made all of his friends and classmates follow me .
Keep me at work late, kept her from her trip
Today, I may have gone too far.
Taught a job site supervisor some manners
2nd grader’s petty revenge
Emotionally sensative men of Reddit, what is your Go-to 'fuck that bitch' story?
Down with your Karma!
Not my story..
A mile of petty revenge
Soccer game revenge.
Waste thousands of my dollars?
Why he doesn't copy off me anymore.
Found out that my crappy tax-evading landlord ran a business on the side, so I left a review of his service online for all to see...
Teacher loses my paper and get mad at ME
People stole this guy's food at school, so he burned them with Ghost pepper.
After years of harassment, we finally got revenge against my petty, horrible family.
Make his orders take 10 times longer
Robbed at my local swimming pool
That time I stopped using sugar to prove a point
This is how I got revenge on bullies,fake friends and ex.
Drunk and Loud on the Train? Enjoy your slightly longer walk.
Date the person I asked you not to and told you was my crush? Have fun explaining to all of you boyfriends how you're cheating on them.
The old uno reverse card
Wanna bully me? Well I’ll just steal your work.
Now you get to pick up the slack, bitch.
Have fun washing your clothes for a 3rd time, asshole
I'm Hungry
So this happened -
Get dunked on like the dick you are
where do I post my story if I do want to ask for help to enact some sort of petty revenge?
If you have practice your shitty hippie jam music at 9am, I have to play shitty Metallica at 9am.
Nan has life made difficult by a family member who thinks she has "lost the plot", gets sweet revenge before she dies
Petty revenge on vegan who tried to sue to stop her neighbours from barbecuing meat in their own backyards
Ready, Get Set, Slow Down!
Lost 66 kilos, stood up a date
Husband leaves dirty dishes- I mess with his shower
bad parenting ruining your meal?
Ableist Teacher Shown How it Feels to Be Bullied Over Something He Didn't Decide
Husband finds gift box from wife’s other lover
You do NOT abuse your Scapegoat in my presence.
A revenge worth waiting six months for.
Shitty Neighbor Gets What He Deserves
Competing business kept butt dialing me, sent a message by mistake to drive 300+ Miles confusing me for one of his employees. Basically told him I quit and turned off my phone.
The Wardrobe, Garlic and a Motorcycle.
Every now and then I go through subs like /r/FatPeopleHate and tag users that post hateful comments using RES.
Petty Revenge as a Kid
Suitemate trimmed his hair, so I ruined his life
In the days when proofreading was a manual process.
Fuck with my privacy, I'll fuck with your head
You just screwed yourself out $.15, bub.
Pizza Customer
Dump paint on my head, i get to paint on your face
Retail Security in a pandemic
my little brother makes fun of me for failing in school i roast his ass
Want to act fake and shady? I'll expose you for it.
Gas station revenge
I was told you guys might like my story about how I shut off my ISP support offices wifi since they refused to fix mine.
Park like a jerk, will you?
Driver gets mad when I merge in front of him and starts to follow me home. I make sure he gets a ticket on the way.
School Magazine Revenge
The consequences of getting soup on my desk
sorry this is a test, will be deleted immediately
Ruin my clothes? I'm going postal.
I silenced a snitch
Treat me like shit because you're insecure about how well you do in a game, have fun not being able to play for 3 days
Hippity hoppity, you're losing your jobbity
Parking revenge goes wrong
Be rude to me and I will send you mixed messages
My mom's petty revenge on my bratty sister
Netflix? No chill.
Should I get revenge on a cheating ex?
Waiter assumed our relationship status, gave bad TripAdvisor review.
Russian around for revenge
"We don't have that anymore!"
Lady tries to take my friends switch
So you think you can dance?
Yell at me cause the cook hasn't shown up? No top floor for you!
I farted on the wrong cat...
Force me to drive almost 300 miles? I'll get the most expensive gas I can find.
Card Crusher
Let your dog go on my lawn? enjoy washing your house.
Cut me off in the drive thru line? Enjoy the sound of my horn!
Officer and not a gentleman when on the softball diamond
Former friend (current jack ass) gets petty revenge on me because I quit talking to him
Boss said no Halloween costumes this year, I say yes!
Don't sweep my own porch, huh?
Pedophile boyfriend "defends" Brat, brother steps in.
Why you don't call people names
Rubbed my sister’s toothbrush in between my ass cheeks.
Dryer distraction
Leave a dirty bowl in the shared kitchen for 6 months? Don't be surprised to loose it.
asshole dude put his seat down right after attending a 9 hour flight
So, you wanna snoop in your daughter's texts?
Taught a douchebag driver a valuable lesson
Poor Sportsmanship Repaid in Kind
It doesn't get pettier than this
Shut the door!
Don't wanna share? You're gonna watch us eat!
Loud party late i to the night? Enjoy the early morning wake up call!
He was raging at the lockers
Take my food and I’ll take ruin your time at a party
Don't forget to change the toilet paper.
Friend Ruins Movie
He dumped me via text, so I got my revenge!
Watch your sandals: update
7th Grade Dry-Ice F***er Learns A Lesson
My first post: I ruin shows for her still.
It's Getting Hot in Here...
Swimming Pool Nazi
It's simple..
Have fun wiping your face with your own piss
Enjoy the mess
Destroy my stuff, I destroy your stuff
The soon coming hundred back to back phone calls should keep that debt collector busy for a while
Insult me and karma will get you fired
Taking a stand!
You want the donuts? Okay!
You thought no one saw you . . .
The Whole Building Hates the Bass Apartment
Revenge on telemarketing company
Use my olive oil, ruin your dinner
You may want to rethink your parking choices...
Accidental revenge is the best revenge, no fun for you.
Be mean to me at work? You won't get the nice meat
Don't judge a customer by their age. The reason why I have distain for most used car salesmen.
Berate my cooking skills, will you?
Redirected a client's website to goatse to get him to pay me.
Italian army problems
Kill me on Roblox for my house? Here's a house warming gift!
Kid steals my phone and sells it to ME (by accident)
I kinda ruined some people's high school careers. Shoutout to the Feces Foursome, I'm sorry.
Tiny revenge on racist, gaslighting prof
He peed on me so I put his pee and salt in his water
Someone got UNO reversed when throwing someones book in the bin.
Never mess with the tech savy person
Walk, you're not the boss of me
Asshole ex-boyfriend gets what he deserves
Steal my earphones? Let's see where you'll use them.
"We don't want anyone 'too rough' sitting with us."
And this is why you do not reward bad behavior.
Work in good faith next time, douche.
Think you can almost hit my growing belly just because your mad at me and get off scot free? I THINK THE HELL NOT
today things shine a littler brighter
No smoke for you.
Dude asked me to watch his bags at the airport "for a sec"--which cut into my boarding time. Now he can enjoy retrieving them from ORD police.
Show up as we're about to close? Enjoy your cashback!
Fine, take my iPad. Have fun sleeping!
Need help getting petty revenge on my girlfriends racist and homophobic step-grandfather.
Some revenges in my restaurant
Stranger sneezes in my face, fails to apologise so I scuff his new shoes
Dare to Steal my Dryer?
No, YOU wait.
No peanut oil? No problem.
Speeder gets paint balled
I have other options
Don't lean back in your chair!
A bad teacher
Got told to (x-post from askreddit)
Question: If one wipes armpit sweat or a booger on one's enemy's doorhandle, it's probably just classified as "assault", but one wipes sweat from one's nether regions, is that "sexual assault"?
Cut us off? Enjoy us riding your bumper.
Co-"Teacher" gets caught
DMV Appointment Hack
Refuse to come to our wedding? I'll make you look at photos all day.
Train in vain
Guy Thinks He Got the Best of Me Until Karma Surfs In.
It's only fair, right?
I hope you're late now tailgater.
Stay out of my life!
Today I was on the receiving end of my roommates petty revenge.
Treat me mean? (Free coupons for everyone)!
No more maximum volume movies for you, mate
Don’t know if this counts as revenge but it’s got to be petty... whenever somebody starts to tailgate me, I start driving a LOT slower. Take full 2-seconds at every stop sign, etc.
China gets petty over the Huawei feud so no American movies are selected for the Shanghai Film Festival
The country music is driving me crazy
An epic story of a horrendous Mother in Law at a wedding.
I've been on strike from Little Ceasars for years.
My 14-year-old granddaughter has best putdown for crude class bully
Double Pettiness
Lie on me and everyone'll know you have The Clap
I'll tell the whole school who you really are
Want to take all the tips, force me to do most of the work, then bitch how you're doing everything? I'll inconvenience you with silverware!
Scream at me because of your own stupidity? I'll make you the victim of your own stupidity.
I will give to 50$ if...
Petty revenge eight years in the making
Three weeks plus a day ... (or two)
Extend my probation for bullshit reasons? Okay, then... if you’re sure.
Vegan Revenge
Wanna scam me? Allow me to overload your inbox
Take away my internet, and suffer the consequences!
Root of the Problem
I was let go...then made sure they couldn't go
Parking Spot Payback
Make me work until 7pm while you do pointless shit? Dafuq?
High beams highway revenge
Don’t bathe with my towel and your cups won’t taste like ass
Oh, nevermind.
Oblivious driver:0 Me: 1 -- a tale of safe, petty driving revenge on the Fourth of July.
Need Help for dislikes for fake person YouTube
My petty revenge gone wrong
Don't stroke your ego at my friend's expense.
Don't turn around. Oh-oh.
Revenege on Cheating Ex
You Shall Not Pass
The Perfect Valentine’s Day Secretary
Executing revenge with a duo of random strangers on the highway.
Stink up the bathroom with weed? Move out!
My friend found this in our home town, that'll teach that dog!
Eat a sandwich and wipe your mouth at the SAME time!
Lady gets mad after trying to use me like a gps, ends up getting screwed
Treat me as if I'm stupid and an invalid, I'll let you waste time in traffic.
High school class karma
Aunt deleted my Netflix after I stopped paying for their account, so I spoiled all their shows.
Enjoy listening to Shakespeare constantly you want to bully me for more than a year!
Sweet Bootcamp Revenge
Oh you slept in? Have fun with your new auto insurance rates!
sweet cook payback
Don't want to respond to my maintenance requests? Enjoy the empty apartment.
Drill Instructors love to do things by the book.
KKK and the Mexican food truck
Lean at your own risk.
Lurker gets annoyed by abbreviations, get the pettiest of revenge
Let your dog terrorize me? Ok fine.Let your dog terrorize me? I'll ruin ur mornings.
Waiter was a huge dick, got my petty revenge!
Make my life and job completely suck? Here are some extra messes for your pregnant ass to clean up! Oh, and possibly getting the office shut down too (long)
$3 penny revenge.
Group harasses my friend and I : Gets detention
Fuzzy Towel
petty revenge for d-bag restaurant owner
Valentine's day dinner revenge
Almost push me onto the tracks? Good luck grabbing your desired seat.
If you're rude to me in class, you'll probably end up missing a bunch of important information
What will kill plants without being noticeable?
Wake me up...Enjoy being locked out.
Just a little gem I found in a google reviews page....Eat my food? Hope you like my germs
Bully tells on himself
Be rude to me? I won't be taking your cab then, and you'll have to lose your spot.
Petty revenge on mean girl
Impatient birch
We've all been here
Some people seriously need to be in a relationship.
Pondering legality
Treat me like crap? I'll hand revenge to your worst enemy.
Elbow me, brush me, lean into me? Oh, you want to see?
Make me wait, I will screw up your Metrics
Wanna destroy my property? I will expose you and destroy your reputation.
Annoying prostitute
Co-worker used up the last of the paperwork and didn't make copies among other things.
Friend gets sick of creeper's unwanted sexts, posts them on facebook to show just how sick.
criminal running a training school didn't know who she was messing with when she ran up against me
Cua hang thu cung gia re | cua hang thu cung tai tphcm
Sold a wreck of a car by a rogue dealer
Minor League baseball petty revenge
You love your puzzles, I love my revenge.
Ear worm me will you!
My cousin leaf blows dumb neighbors grass back at her
Throw away my food? I'll fuck with yours.
Fork bomb the phone scammers!
Loud screaming woman's encounter with the cops
Have fun making quota by yourself!
I am here to help
Take my parking spot?
Don't eat my cookie dough!
Ripping off tourists in Rome
Annoying the annoying brother.
Your cake won't taste as good, and you'll never know why.
Cut in the food line? Guess you'll wait a while to leave.
Found out my bf was a pickup artist - stayed in the relationship to ruin his fave food for him
Bad Apex teammates can just stay down
She wouldn't move her bag on a crowded train
This morning a large truck trailing an excavator swerved and side-swiped the woman in the minivan who cut me off.
Steve will steal your millions.
Week old Dr. Pepper vs. Boyfriend
Spoiler, no alert!
A Shitty Time
Wedding drama
Revenge on ex
Bad Parking Revenge
College Roommate was a jerk, so I spiked his bottle of vodka with strawberry jelly
Throw stuff at me? Say goodbye to your internet!
Guy escapes military duty, our platoon took action.
Cheat on me? Enjoy the rotting smell in your house
Revenge over eviction notice.
I was given a fair dose of power.
Pizza Is Best Served Cold And Revenge Is Best Served Petty.
Stop me mid-sneeze? You will never sneeze again
He deserved it and I'm not sorry....
Early shopper has to wait a little bit longer
It literally could not have been more clear.
Annoy the entire class. Enjoy your dead phone
Petty Revenge Gods granted me...a jar of Vicks.
Terrible roommate apparently wasn't aware of how much she trashed her own reputation at college
No, you spelled that wrong.
Take a cup from behind the counter? Get charged twice.
And take your sign with you, ya freakin' bum!
I will not keep secrets from my family.
Grandpa takes Traffic Cop to School
Whoops I killed the Wi-Fi
Dealing with my stingy roommate maturely didn't work, so I'm left with just one other option...
That time I bricked my ASSistant Principal's printer...
My Karen Coworker talks crap on me to my parents and gets tipped $0
Annoying teacher bully’s my friend, I put an end to it.
Short and ongoing email revenge
I Hate it when People are Always Late.
Power hungry temp boss
Don't yell at the host
Just cut your damn bushes.
Entitled Lady Tries to refund item without tag
Bitch about getting asked for ID and it will be neverending.
Cut in front of me? Watch me take the last burger
My mother is such a badass, retro revenge
The divorcee mailing list.
Saw the post on the front page about the Indian scammers pretending to be from Microsoft, here's what happened when I called them as a fellow Indian man (video)
Your nice new car has an oopsie
Terrible driver, terrible parent
We can't roll down the hill?
Neighbor thought that he could get away with using our ping pong table, that didn’t go well for them.
Don't pick up the phone? Pay extra next time
I got owned by my seventh grade music teacherNo WiFi, no problem
Newspaper bandit
If I'm not cumming, neither are you.
The Donald, Trumped.
"Oh, do you low Chinese?" No, but I can make you think I do.
Sabotage my move, get banned for life
My Jacked Up Teacher
Racist boss gives inspiring speeches
Petty Revenge Is a Dish Best Served Cold
You steal from me I still make money.
Yeah, they put that elevator there just for you!
To be fair, the snow was gonna have to go somewhere....
Want help packing? Sure thing
It was glorious! Petty revenge on my racist brother.
Want to abuse my hard work? You fail a big assignment and potentially a class!
Tail gate me and I will make you wet.
I married the woman my best friend was/probably still is in love with.
You want Starbucks that bad, huh?
Upstairs neighbor needs to know people live below her
Paintball Revenge
Basic bitch gets what she deserves
I noticed a man driving dangerously and then saw he had three small children in the backseat
New Suitemate decided my shampoo and toothpaste were free to use.
Justice in the army (slightly NSFW)
If you tease me in school, don't expect to get laid
Skipping the traffic line? Hope you like waiting.
Revenge in a (http://i.imgur.com/1UljwEN.jpg)
Yell at my boyfriend? I'm not cleaning your room.
to my little sister.
Moochy "friend" adds me to a robo call list? Guess you're fired.
Petty driving revenge
Helping a classmate get back at her cheating boyfriend...
Turns out I don't need a letter or recommendation from you, enjoy closing you lab down forever.
Do no harm but take no shit
Pay me back, or else
My brother wearing my clothes
Fuck hard drugs.
Fuck Your Seating Plan
I helped them clean the fridge.
Case of the missing Croissant - A Boardroom caper
Rude customers will be forced to speak English.
Don’t be Karen if you don’t want to look like Karen
The prolonged eye contact
The Sprinkle Revenge
Wanna know how to make over 400$ a day?
“Get me fired for a free margarita? Bitch, I’ll get you fired for free sweatpants”
Steal my parking space?
Petty revenge via a uncomfortably long hug.
The Burger From Hell./
Revenge for guy on bus who verbally abused some kids.
So you take requests, loud piano player?
Just because you're a landlord doesn't mean you can do anything.
Don't mess around with bored "programmer"
Oh Yea, I Tom Pettied It...
You're not getting more free rides
A Father's Revenge
Cut me off??!!
I work in a daycare...
Bully me relentlessly? Enjoy the 1 month suspension
Don't clean up after yourself, I'll steal your lighters.
Want to be a bitch? Enjoy resetting your smelly chair!
Remember when you accused me of being a gold digger? I’m not going to let you forget that AKA how I’ve been trolling my mother in law for years
How do you like that doughnut now?
Brother wouldn’t clean up after himself, so I messed with his food
Cut in front of me while waiting for the bus?
Ex-lax coffee-mate
10 years later, but well worth it.
Throw snow at me? Just wait...
Don't want to use the kiosk? Wait 20 mins for your food
Should've helped me after all.
Steal from me.. I will delete you.
Would you like that scrambled or sunny side up?
Secretly correcting your spelling.
Telling me lies will only get you killed with kindness and hard truths...
I got my terrible teacher fired (I think)
Delicious, chocolate revenge with an unsuspected bonus.
Neighbor gets what he deserved
Double the pettiness, double the fun!
Don’t feel like moving? Either do I.
Pharmacy revenge- be a bitch, you can spend 20 minutes counting Tylenol
Park like an asshole? I can too.
From Mr nice guy to IDFAK boy..
Take my parking spot? Have fun waiting for me to move!
Starbucks revenge
While I was in 4th grade I ate my bullies lunch to get back at him
Don't give me your information, bark commands at me, I waste your time.
a guy tries to push in-front of me in the line in starbucks so i steal his coffee
Want us not to attend events...Mission Accomplished!!
Eat the hottest sauce at B Dubs? Enjoy the hour-long bathroom trip
Be an asshole to retail workers? Have fun burning your hands.
Do a half-assed job? No share of tip for you!
My Aunt Flow left a present. Merry Christmas
Delivering heavy tables on a scorching summers day leads to foul revenge on a difficult customer
Loner Douche's spoiled ride
At the Impound Lot
Small dig at a gun store owners
I changed the password to my netflix and logged it out of every device he has...
Enjoy your never ending full trash can!
Scumbag shopping cart
Oh yeah? Well take THAT!
This guy likes to run his mouth and say awful unwarranted shit to people.
these are posted all over my area in Hong Kong - revenge on the Chairman of Axa
OCD Stylist gets to be just as frustrated.
I don't know if you would call what I did petty
I retrieved my stolen umbrella
Mouthwash Revenge for a Shitty Teacher
My Wife Totalled My Car
Moving in with friends is a bad idea, Part 2Now will you take your garbage out to the dumpster, DAWGS?
Pockets full of revenge
Litter? Enjoy your walk home!
Fuck my GF? Enjoy your chlorine poisoning.
Packing peanuts. Packing peanuts everywhere.
Professor's revenge on kids who ghosted their partners on a project
You don't help me out after I help you keep your job? I'll make you lose it!
Another story about sibling revenge.
Ideas to get back at my crappy job....
***UPDATE*** - Haughty, entitled neighbour responds to my snow-clearing invoice.
You wanna be gross? I can be grosser.
Scammer
I'm honestly so annoyed
Witness the quickness
Pet tortoise gives bratty kid something to cry for...
Not entirely petty...
Best way to send an anonymous email?
Are these parking spots taken?
Nuggets in the drive thru
Man live-tweets his Thanksgiving petty revenge
Bet your mouth is clean now, asshat.
Skip me in line? You're going to have a bad time.
Architects need to print, stop getting in the way!
I can do this every day if you want
Every action has an equal and opposite reaction
Refuse to compromise? Listen to me singing out of tune for the whole day.
Texting harasser WILL NOT STOP. how about giving him a dose of his own medicine for me Reddit?
I want revenge for my cheating wife.
All I asked was for you to leave my laundry alone
Solid Color Elastic Sofa Cover – Click2uplift
Spoof my coworker's phone number? Suffer annoying synthesized trumpets.
one of the many stories where i pissed off my teacher.
Making my sister uncomfortable? Have fun getting a heart attack.
Be a racist? Say bye to your plants
Complain about slow service? Have a crap drink!
Shoot at me will ya?....I have guns too dickhead.
Scream at me for offering you a coffee AFTER my working hours? Fine, don't get your (free) coffee.
You drew them for me so they are MINE
Impatient driver at a stop light
Bragging about how awesome your life is might just cost you $35,000
How do I get revenge on an assistant manager that made sure I got fired?
Bully me? I'm 5 years younger than you! Enjoy your elementary school embarrassment.
This lady cut me when I tried to mount my bike on the bus
Bully gets what's coming to him
Should not have tried to pass me in line lady.
Call me names from your window? Hey, look, here comes your mother up the driveway.
Found someone else's clothes in MY washing machine in apartment. Can I legally sell them?
Older woman implied I was incompetent because of my age, I convinced her to wait in an aisle for 45 minutes before she left.
Pulled Air Conditioner Fuse for terrible in-laws. They can sleep on the floor...
Malicious, teenager picks on me as a kid. Teach him a little lesson in humility.
Neighbor kicking everybody off fiber internet that we all paid to get installed only three months ago. Other neighbors and I put together a list of movies we want. This is the result.
This is MY swamp!!!
Sometimes you just get fed up with it
I am watching one of the best petty revenges in my life slowly unfold
It's not my job.
I just got a request via Skype - I'm wondering if I should have some fun.
"Lemme skip!" Sure.
Gonna text during a movie? Have fun without an armrest!
Steal my seat? Ok, have my revenge...
Someone accused me of something SHE was doing.
Good luck getting into your roller skate, you tremendous cock arse
Repost: I told my puppy to pee on someone
Park in a handicap spot so you can deliver soda to the library?
Don’t block intersections when there’s traffic
I kinda attacked my bully...
Idiot roommate Loses Kitchen Privileges, Part 3
boyfriend's ex was waiting to use the bathroom.
How I accidentally ended the prank war between my boyfriend and our roommate
Won't take off your shoes? Enjoy the burn!
Cat vs Dog revenge
Jerk Coworker
Enjoy you're cold showers
My Boyfriend’s Petty Revenge
Be an a-hole about a restaurant? Enjoy some of your food becoming unedible.
Guy let’s his dog shit in the lot
Ungrateful and disrespectful
Steal my packages? Enjoy this garbage
Squeaky clean revenge at the laundromat
Yelling at other drivers, huh?
If you cut off my ponytail I will tax your ass later
At the time, I pretended like I didn't care, but secretly...
Oh, whoops, did you get locked out?
Enjoy your long walk of social anxiety
Steal from me? Watch me burn your things
Try to squeeze money out of me? I'll squeeze back.
Destroyed my sand castle? You'll pay the price!
It's okay, I like pictures!
Bitch stole my pizza
Try to bully me? Have fun breaking your bones.
Won't move so I can exit the bus? Enjoy my crotch in your face.
"Flesh color"
Steal my 20 dollars when I need it most? Screw up your daughters time to shine
Tell me to exercise? You should too.
Got fired
Enjoy the free wifi...
Sister puts lotion on toilet seet, wakes up to a pair of poopy under were
You do 1, I do 2
Revenge on a very bitchy customer
Student brings his KKK robe to class, gets put with majority black teachers
The time I helped a classmate get back at her cheating ex.
Hero Manager Takes Revenge On Terrible Repeat Customers Who, To This Day, Never Knew It
You want your clothes back? Okay, go find them.
Teach your kid some manners or I'll make him poop his pants!
Hateful nun and awesome English professor
Drunk gassy bitch revenge
BMW Hate is Strong with this One
''Call Monday and you can have free food''
Gee look at the speed limit..
Welcome to your nightmare.
Be a shitty roomate, get shitty water pressure.Use my towel again and see what happens.
Steal my store's shopping carts? Enjoy your jail time, and sorry about your student aid!
At 16 a few months ago I bought my first car all on my own and the person completely scammed me. The floorboards were rusted through and most parts of the cars mechanics were in horrible condition. He told me there were no problems with it and that it was a fantastic first car for me.
Somebody tried to stand in a parking spot to hold it so they could move closer
13-year-old brother gets shutdown.
Summer Camp Payback
Straw Wars
Be inconsiderate to others waiting to fill petrol, enjoy the ever so petty inconvenience
Opposite time zone, get banned.
Want to be rude and condescending? You only get 6 sauce packets now.
This Is What Happens When You America &lt;----(the verb form)!
Car Park Incident.
TIL that TIL means "today I learned"
Have fun studying, buttmunch!
Drunk and ditched
Won't Let me use some Ketchup? Have fun trying to cook anything in the house
(Thread) Every saw movie ranked from least to most violent
Want to be lazy at work? What goes around comes back around
Be a dick to me at work? Don't forget your parking pass! (nah. go ahead and forget it- I'm not gonna remind you)
Shit on my grass? Sure go ahead!
Enjoy your decaf coffee
Abusive dad steals my electronics so I make sure they don't work
Rude patients get their eyes puffed multiple times
Pick-up, aisle 3!
Take me clothes out of the washing machine and enjoy yours at a hot cycle
Little entitled brat wants the sausage rolls? Not on my watch.
Tightfisted flatmate
My sister didn't like guitar music so I played it super loudly.
I get just a little petty revenge one my roommates when I moved out
Crazy (16F) girl i've know for years sold me oregano not weed without provocation for $50 what should I do
girl thinks its ok to put her smelly feet on my shoulders during a movie
Fat ass gets whats coming
I'm not sure if this is pettyrevenge or pettyjustice.
If you are a bish, you do not get a fish.
Don't try to run me over.
My dad's friend kept pushing my buttons over real petty stuff...
Tailgating is mean!
Hacking a hacker
Took the remote with me.
Lock me out? Have fun waiting for your clothes to dry.
Not gonna pay me what you owe? I'll replace your website with a picture of a hippo shitting.
Get it while it’s fresh
Cutting in line for the ferry.
Forced into Kitchen Duty
Roommate won't have his breakfast today
I stole the backs to all of my mother's earings
Be a decent human being, bro.
Kid bullied me in middle school, spread a rumor about him
Yeah bitch, enjoy waiting!
Boy gets a load of Karma dumped on him
Tanks for nothing!
You want me to write an essay? I’ll write the best damn essay you’ve ever seen.
Damaged Reputation
You didn't have to rage.
Stood me up last semester? No recorded lecture for you.
That's fine, I didn't want a raise anyway.
Ride my bumper the whole way home? Okay, lets drive as slow as possible.
Elon Musk personally cancels blogger's Tesla order after 'rude' post
Awkward customer gets a tiny bit of comeuppance
Stay out of reserved parking
Cut in front of me, I'll have you wait while I go to the bathroom
Guys spilled soda on my seat. Took my revenge
How to Lose Tails and Enrage People
Cant im to poor
Whose account is it, anyway?
TP'ing house backfires but in the end works out to petty revenge.
Why is it impossible to post here??
Don't try blackmail me
Petty Revenge(s) on Boyfriend
Casy Anthony
The Best Petty Revenge!
Employer didnt think he had to pay me...
Vengeance on my daughter!
Haha made you look :-)
spam an exs phone
Need Help With a Texting/Phone Revenge!
Petty revenge on our petty coach
i destroy a naive trump sopporter
Stay the hell off my treehouse
Steal the USB for my mouse? Get zip-bombed
Teacher wouldn't let students use the washroom
Honk at me for driving slowly?
Leave me for a crazy? I'll feed into her strengths.
Can't find a specific revenge
The most satisfying revenge I ever got against a childhood bully
Justice revenge on Prankster who takes jokes too far.
How to prepare for revenge ahead of time.
Brother had a habit of getting on the PS4 without permission.
Blackmail me for a pot plant? Enjoy people coming over for your free stuff
All over a video game account..
Yell at me in front of everyone? Good luck working by yourself
You moon me.... My pup will take revenge.
Slum lord revenge...
So petty, but so satisfying.Large orders beware
Got loud roommate to agree to tone it down by threatening her with germs.
Have fun with these locks
When you don't have to try.
Help me get revenge! On a back stabbing friend.
Don’t let an elementary school kid use the bathroom what could go wrong?
Revenge over time
Don't bother to look? I'll make sure you see me.
Wake me up after the bars? Hope you love metal!
I'm a petty cashier.
I could tell you, but I won't.
Clean sneaks
Bus trip to hell
Lazy bum takes my dollar, goes to strip club.
"Ladies should only drink wine."
"You just don't understand"
Inattentive Bartenders are the worst
You caused my boyfriend to throw out an 8 year relationship with me? Take this!
Wuhan Students Get Homework Software Banned From App Store By Spamming It With One Star Ratings
Bad idea to end my marriage then park your car where I can get to it
Sending dirty texts can be dangerous
Dumb driver kept trying to race me so I caused him to get a ticket
I got the chance to return the favor on someone who ran me out of a job years ago.
In a few minutes.
use your damn headphones
I got my revenge for being bullied last year.
Rooate who keeps stealing shampoo ends up washing his hair with piss
Slack off as my professor? I'm gonna knock you out.
I got into an argument with the Cinema Staff
My cat gets revenge on my dad
Need help with my ex
Be an Asshole? Good luck finding your Project.
Pay back on a hooker
Entitled Hot Woman gets her "attention"
I reported a bus driver and got the smoothest bus ride of all timeMost annoying CS:GO kid
It was totally worth the $5
Be annoying as hell? No scholarship for you.
Stale crust of bread petty revenge on forgetful husband
Don't high beam and tailgate me &gt;:[
Have fun driving 3 hours!
Girl does not do here share of work on a joint project ...
No, I don’t think that’s how this is going to go.
This location doesn't appreciate teachers.
Petty escalator revenge
It was impulsive, but man did it feel good
Am I too petty?
I really want to get my douchebag of a neighbor back, and I would like advice on how to do it.
Laughing at my grandfather’s funeral
Revenge on my bully after months of torment
This guy assaulted me and then drove off.
My hate for guidos in the club
Act like an ass? We're listening to my music now.
Cut in line at airport, get smelly lady in your row
You've got mail!
Petty revenge on taco bell
Flip me off? Enjoy a wet car!
My mum's dead beat Ex
Decided to stand up for myself on an aeroplane
Ultimate petty revenge after four hours wait...
I know I should feel bad about getting someone deported but I really don't
Petty Revenge is Sweet..and Fruity
speed up so i can switch lanes? you got it!
This guy scammed me and then blocked me. Let’s spam his Snapchat and report it so that he can’t do this to anyone else
The rule says that
Apartment buzzer revenge, a dish best served petty.
My girlfriend wouldn’t tell the truth
bully me? enjoy my revenge..
petty revenge in bumper to bumper traffic.
Not what I expected
Terrible roommate, advice for moving out / petty revenge!
Be rude in drive-through, pay the Dick Tax
Cold-call me asking for money? Have fun trying to collect later on down the line.
"Busted" or "A strongly worded email"
Take advantage of my good nature? Lose the good toiletries.
Try turning this off
Can anyone come up with something to help me get even with the neighbor that LOVES his new bass?
Push me out a chair during lunch? Enjoy losing a tooth.
Cut me in line? Get arrested for assault with a deadly weapon.
Bitch SIL gets no thrill of victory
Your hotel room will not be refreshed!
All you need to know: FACE - KITTY - POOP
Opposite shift trying to stir things up? Lose your coffee lads.
So this guy made a girl cry..
The demise of a mistress
Need help extracting revenge
Spotify Hacker Revenge
Don't even think about waking me up...
Enjoy my super lactose intolerance fart
I'm ready for you now, you egg stealing jerk.
Don't wake your flatmates up at 4 in the morning
Teacher wants a written apology ok
If you stir up enough shit, it just might end up coming to you.
My “friends” tried to screw me out of a place to live and replace me with someone else.
Be polite to your waitress.
I made a subreddit that combines all revenge stories in one place so you can have an easier time browsing without switching subs.
Be a dick do the people making your pizza? Get a nice surprise in it.
You have a flat tire.
Trying to scam me on a website? I’ll have it taken down to save others
Manager try to drive off the CEO by firing his secretary, and succeed. she gets the happy end.
Hog all the washing machines? Thanks for the detergent refill!
Straight through and right hand turning ONLY
Descriptive excuse
One of the pettiest revenges I have done involving lipstick and coffee
Blob takes a bet (part one)
A creative way to deal with an obnoxious shopper.
That time my father shook the very earth itself to teach a lesson
Finally got him in trouble
Ma'am I am the Manager
A fight between my sister and I ends... well... You'll see.
Gonna be rude, enjoy your sub!
Invade our campground?
Oh so you're finally doing dishes? Let me help you.
Yell at me for something I'm not doing? Deal with the sound of me still not doing it.
Never cheat off me...
Yot think all furry rper's are pervs? Ill make my friend rp with you and make you regret it.
Flip people off? How's that working out for you?
Park Poorly? Good luck getting into your car!
Jerk neighbor tried to make us tear down our shed
Bully tries to fight me , gets infected by Smallpox and Fever and his face ruined
I got a drink after all
DON'T. MESS. WITH. MY. DOG
Call me names and underestimate my intelligence... I'll make your job that much harder and get my shit for free.
Being a Smug Douche? Good Luck Finding Books for Class!
Want to block me from stocking my shelves? Say goodbye to your inventory count.
Going a little overboard but not quite pro.
April Fools as a child, or how my brother and I gave each other the gift of stinging pain.
I have a bitch face?
That's my favorite blanket
Don't mess with retail workers who make your food.
Story number 1 from your your neighborhood bear: wanna be a d**k well enjoy a scary moment
"HE'S DEAD"
Bad service?  I will have my revenge!
Not much but I still find it kinda funny.
soccer game revenge
rude girl waiting to print next
Debbie Reynolds Hangover Revenge
Oh, but I DID do shit.
Probably the pettiest thing I have ever done.
Douche tattooist
Wonderfully petty revenge on a pushy girl in a club.
Act like a prick? Enjoy teaching off of an ipad.
Sales call? Scream.
Mass texter revenge
Man takes leaves of Bush then gets poisened
How I'm dealing with my cheating wife
Cheat on our Friend, Prank the cheaters so hard they disappear!
A friendly reminder to tell the truth you might be forgiven
Make my grandma cry? I'll mess your shit up.
Bring it back on time and put gas back in it.
I met a rude and condescending neighbour today...
"Bitch it's not how it looks! Can we Bitch talk about it? …Bitch?"
Trying to take advantage of our free soda policy? No more sodas for you!
Gummy Bear Thief!
Want to bombard me with robocalls? Prepare for my counterattack.
You will never... ever.... EVER... have my respect....
Don't be an asshole on your last day of work. (happened tonight)
Don't touch my ice cream!
You tell us to move, I'll make sure u move by turning off your water
Enjoy your shitty bass playing, asshole.
Long-term, elaborate, but petty as hell revenge (x-post from /r/tales from security)
Sister gets revenge on demanding patient
And this is why you never mess with an engineering major's sleep.
Took care of sisters bullies off the clock
The Pettiest of the Pettiest (Sir! With honors!)
Don't want to pay rent fine
It's a subtle diss but it feels good
TV Spoiler Revenge on my friend
I called a kid a bitch in sixth grade. Got him into so much more crap than i did.
high school memories
You want to be a jerk after I've had a long day? Enjoy your just desserts.
Spam this girl
You Take My Locker, I Take Your Sash
Don't want to share the water bill? Fine. It's all yours then.
Try to get me in trouble? I'll steal your chocolate.
Write me a bad check and then avoid me instead of paying me back, enjoy your own overdrafts.
Neglect facemask rules? Get fined!
Don't take my toilet paper
That 19p could have come in handy
Unpleasant Biology Professor, Unpleasant Biological Revenge
"No , I don't have a dollar."
I posted this in r/confessions and they told me it should be here.
Coworker tricks me into donating to a cause I dont agree with. Two can play at that game.
A True "Pet"ty Revenge
RE: Step mom wakes me up to carry her groceries.
Feel free to have a heart attack.
Cheating bastards get cheap shots (sports)
Sticky car interior
I don't do enough to contribute? Watch me do all the chores instead of spending time with you.
You're going to make me work my ass off because you can't do your job? Sure, but don't expect me to make your job any easier in the meantime!
This page doesn't allow cross-posting so i thought i would improvise
Fuck your beignets, didn't want 'em anyway
Tailgate me and push me off the road when you pass? lol
Don't mess with the guy who makes your smoothies
what should I do with a hacker´s mail?
Ghost me? Enjoy being humiliated in front of your peers
Think you can block my car in and claim disability while there is disabled space available, go for it!
Ice cold petty revenge.
My niece’s teacher rickrolled his entire class
0 Tolerance School Tolerates Too Much; Tolerant Student Stops Tolerating Terrible Tormentor
They tried to harm our dogs... My mother reacts
My parents I cut off were using other people to stalk my Instagram. I made sure they wouldn’t ever again
Yell at someone for squishing a water bottle? Have fun listening to mine.
Coworker made fun of my job, a friend helped me drive him slowly crazy as revenge.
Cut me in line? How about I ruin your work?
Roommate demands I clean a washroom
I'll Stream it in 1080p if I like!!Regarding the Brother - a saga of petty sibling revenge
Don't drive down one-ways the wrong way.
Neighbor's walk dogs in my yard for their daily poop; never pick it up. I need a revenge plan.
Enjoy a file format you can't use!
Struggling with old age? Let me help you with that...
Wouldn't do that If i were you
Nursery school parents seem to think that birthdays are for sending shit home with other people's kids. Ooh. Idea.
How I annoyed my terrible college next-door neighbor
Smoking problems
Don't take my phone, thanks
Neglect grandma, humiliate me and lie to my parents - say goodbye to your family jewels.
The crying 3rd grader
You hate Germans? I make your streams unenjoyable.
You get me chewed out for BS, I will make "crazy eyes"
Loud party until 5am? Enjoy the pack howling.
Like to ignore me? Then try ignoring this
I can't sleep? Neither can you.
Steal my speaker, have fun being labeled a perv
Lying businessman cheats the system and needs 3D printer support from me... fat chance
Petty toilet paper revenge.
But I worked so hard?.. Sike!
You kick me out, I'm not leaving anything I bought.
Worst student i've ever had
Don't want to get off your ass to send me important documentation? Have fun getting burned.
Cut in front of me multiple times? Enjoy the flu.
Constructed a noise machine purposely to annoy my roommate
Try to make me jealous? Have a nice night!
A chance for petty revenge my dear people.
Crazy lady loses it and loses it
cheating can be pretty `crappy`
You want me to believe I am the one after you lose your criminal sugar daddy?
I don't share those things (NSFW)
Garage dispute
Hate my colleague
Alcho flatmate stealing from me
Group tries to leach off of me to get a good grade. I hope they liked the credits page
You want to be a ass on the airplane. You’ll get the same treatment
Cold Feet
Endanger lives by disobeying traffic laws? Lose your job, asshole!
A school story from Y2
Tell me to shut the fuck up and call me a bitch? Ok.
Revenge in Retail
Fox ***** McCloud.
You wanna rob me? Well I'm gonna fuck your baby mom!
Gonna be an asshole in the rain? Have fun cleaning your car.
Parking Revenge Technique
Any comment asking OP to x-post the post will be removed and the user banned, PM op instead.
Pettiest revenge yet.
he ate my meat and cake, made him stay in the toilet for 12 hours
My girlfriend got mad at me...
Revenge served.........salty?
Pet tracker company keeps sending me e-mails to renew my subscription after I've told them my cat is dead. Finally had to send a petty response.
Steal my DS, enjoy the unintended consequence
Literal scam artist gets BAD KARMA
iTs NoT mY pRoBLEm
This post is my petty revenge
Happy Valenntines Day
Petty Revenge on a Real Pussy
Do you want saliva with your fries.
Spicy Sandwhich
Keep Bowling me Over in a Touch Football game
Waste my time and money and I'll waste your time
Moonshiners, food stamps, and shady people. What happened at the DHR/Health Dept when I went one day
“You’re pretty, so it’s different now”
Some Fitting Revenge
Special K Chocolatey Delight Revenge
Best Served Cold
Teaching a petty kid a lesson and absolutely regretting it
Trapped in a Skilled Nursing Facility and being a huge jerk to me? Feel my wrath a day early!
Horrible Roommate Revenge
Criticized Game Developers For Acting Like Children/My Revenge= Them making themselves publicly look like fools.
Shitty (ex)Friend
NSFW messing with a guy who just couldn't get that he was texting the wrong person
Enjoy your wait. &lt;3
The purple rock
They didn't re-rack, so I didn't tell about the water bottle they forgot
It's okay to use the paper.
The minigolf story
Blast your music, fine, have no WIFI
(X-post malicious compliance) Don't like the floor? How about the top shelf!
Make fun of me when I'm sleeping, too bad your bedtime is at 8 o'clock and I'm bored!
Local business owner uses personal Facebook to leave homophobic comments on friend of friend's post, gets what he deserves
Woman no longer get's supported and became homeless after calling A woman's child ugly.
Mums petty revenge
You're Not the Only One On Your Lunch. Enjoy Linkin Park.
The Newlywed Game
You like to use KY warming liquid do ya? Feel the hot hellfire of vengeance!
Revenge in the Digital Zombie Apocalypse
Someone complained that WE (pettyrevenge) weren't very mature with our reactions
You want to give me a slight attitude? Fine, I'll do the exact opposite of what you requested.
Disrespectful? Enjoy your poorly cut and colored door tag.
Rush hour lolz.
When a telemarketer gives you a call back number.
Won't help putting the silverware away? Enjoy putting away every single hard load of dishes away.
Backfire 100
They'll never steal food from the refrigerator ever again
A SERIAL CHEAT!!
Shop owner blasts loud music. Another shop owner gets even with the use of the telephone.
Try to have your own private stall in the office bathroom? Prepare to smell justice.
Feeling a bit flushed after our latest revenge.
getting lost so I can make my dad worry lmao
You block me from doing something and break my foot and a 800 dollar instrament becaise you dont like me
Give me more work? Hope you like waiting!
A five year old insulted me.
Satisfying petty revenge on an obnoxious front row concert goer.
Karm is my petty revenge
Think you don't have to park like the rest of us? Hope you don't mind waiting.
I put kitty litter in my neighbors' mailbox because they were loud and kept me up all night
Reality TV shutdown
Everyday petty revenge gets even better...
Germ warfare on condescending teacher
2 birds one stone
Revenge is a dish best served numb.
Middle aged woman cut me off getting in line at Target...
My "partner" failed his final biology project.
The best $50 worth of chocolate I ever spent.
Take forever to get to the car, get left behind
Ur mean to me im just going to watch you suffer
That is not my garbage can lid!
Treat me like a dog, I quit half way through my shift!!
No tip No drink
Someone threatens to kill my friend and he gets a nasty surprise
Revenge on my brother for selling me out about eating cookie dough
I ate your fuckin' cookies.
Don’t let me see my brother? I’m going to China.
The exploding douchebag
No Farmville For You
No wifi for you!!! Hahaha I own the wifi.
She spiked my tea with salt, i made her think she shit the bed.
I FOIA'ed his mugshot and made it his picture on my phone
x-post from Confession- Exacted revenge on Ex.
Lie to me, and you get no internet
Don't destroy my sandcastle
I may be late but I didn't kick your puppy...
Revenge is.... salty!
If you show me ads, I'm going to make you pay for them
get me bad grades? now feel the burming pain of trying to read my bad handwriting
Give me attitude get a shipping delay
Don't look into the light.
Mess with your roommates? We'll mess with your addiction.
Social attitudes and Personality links
Steal my Cheezits? Enjoy replacing everything in that locker!
don't mess with a fisherman
So you wanna park your Ferrari like an asshole?
We've all had that landlord
Steal my Cart? Look like a fool!
On the phone the whole time?
Not going to let me use the phone? Well then you're taking the piss... literally.
Flatmate used my clean bedding without asking
Mock me for crying in a fight? Well fuck you
Revenge is a dish best served... erm.... well, a little chilly, I suppose.
My grass looks better (short)
No regard for me? No Internet for you.
Smoke at the Gas Station?
Reading My Newspaper Without Asking? Good Luck With That.
Pet(ty) Revenge
Leave my door open? Fine.
Get better at chess... sure... I'll get right on that.
Do your own work
Rip me off for $150, enjoy driving 2 hours....
Forget proper party etiquette? Enjoy your bronchitis
Call me an idiot? I've got plenty of time
I'm not allowed to use the car? Fine.
Make me do all the classwork, cheat on me, and expect to pass the class? Nope, sorry.
So you want to park and block off my driveway?
The Double Dutch Debacle
Changing one letter
the world is not your ashtray
I unblocked my ex just to let him know he owes his friend 600$ and if he doesn't pay by September, he will be taken to court.
Almost cause an accident - I guess you'll think I'm following you
Leaf wars
Self Service Machine
Customer calls back every time we send him food and demands that we comp his order. Today was his last meal from our establishment.
I just want a hot shower.
Parking in my yard
Scaring and electrocution
Be a terrible bully to me, I'll get your father involved.
Roommate steals my shampoo, extreme pettiness ensues.
Send me scam emails? prepare to have your time wasted.
Head of year stole from me
Wanna be an asshole? Instant Karma!
Won't go to bed? Enjoy your lukewarm drink.
The smell of revenge
Hit my parked truck and try to get away? Not on my watch!
So you're gonna cut me off? You better make sure I don't get in front of you
You rob me; I rob you harder.
Was laid off a few months ago, got a new job and attempted to steal one of my old coworkers
I want to see my child.
You talk crap about me? I raise my eyebrows at you.
Office Parking Problem Turned Me Into An Alleged Terrorist. WTF
You were rude and didn't care about serving our table? Enjoy this nice tip
Paper Revenge
Sidewalk Hog
Fuck with me? I'll fuck with you.
Make my GPA drop 0.2? Enjoy being muted and kicked from Microsoft Teams classes and losing your GPA!
So mulch anger
Don't Call my Best Friend Fat
Leggo my Ego
The pettiest thing I do on a consistent basis...
Take commuter spots? Don't worry, you won't do it again!
Not pay what I already worked for? Guess who's not coming back?
Enjoy walking all the way around your very large truck
Hypocrisy of University Religious Protester is Revealed
Yes, you have space.
Wake me up at midnight have the rest of the trip mildly inconvenienced
Parking Lot Petty Revenge.  Beep Beep!
Petty Level +100
Hassle-free, I don't think this is the definition of that...
Cutting in line behind me is a bad idea.
You bash me up for a year straight i make u go to the hospital
Wanna be a jerk to me on a road trip? You’ll pay with your nose!
I need to find a story
Cheat on my friend and refuse to admit it? Ill make sure you wont forget what you did.
Dennis the Menace Mode on Roommates
It Was Simple But The Feeling Was To Die For
Small victories (ahhh)
Entitled Old Man Thinks He's Special
Facebook group "i dream of being this petty" has been zucked. Were you there?
Don't waterfall my drink, enjoy soap!
Some asshole took up two parking spots on purpose parking directly in the centre line between two spots so I egged his car. Wish I could post pics on this sub lol
Petty parking ticket revenge at the museum
If you don't even bother to pretend to be professional, neither will I.
Don't Park in Handicap Spots If You're Not Disabled or Karma Double Slam
Won’t do your half of the project? Enjoy failing half the final.
Mess with my garden will you
I asked someone for help with making my first cosplay, got mocked by him for not being good.
Anonymous post-it neighbour
A**hole co-worker leaves a roll of pennies in till for me and this happens
Hack my account and cause me lots of stress and panic? Enjoy my gift to you then.
Little bits of particle board everywhere
Dorm bathroom revenge
Maybe you should have walked your shopping cart over the extra four feet.
Don't be that vegan
Don't want to repair the car I just bought 2 days ago? I'll fix that.
Karma doesn't go that way.
Children were screaming outside when I was trying to sleep, but not for long.
Protracted Revenge -OR- Full Circle
Let Me In!
Bus twit
Got her photos and her boyfriend's phone
Always tip the pizza guy
How I Got My Spanish Teacher Fired
Sorry sir, I don't help idiots either.
Dubstep Dancefloor Revenge
Giving douches mild panic attacks
So my roommate wouldn't stop leaving giant clumps of hair in the shower
Beated my abuser.
I poured water over my neighbours convertible because he wouldn’t stop revving it in the morning
So petty. Felt so good
Was on a motorcycle trip, drunken rednecks hosed us, we hosed them back worse
A company selling voice recognition whose voice recognition doesn't even work
A Tribute to John Mulaney
Petty Revenge on a coworker friend.
Don't text while riding my ass, asshole. (I'm referring to driving)
Once I caught my girlfriend cheating on me
"Why do you swear so much? This is a public park and there are kids waiting...."
Get on my PC?
Be an asshole, lose your CS:GO rank
Don't do you job? I'll assault your coworkers nostrils!
Make me pay property taxes? How about I pay them in $1 bills?
█▓▒50 Bitcoin + Free extra 2 Bitcoin=$1699 (www.bitswing.com) no phone call for verify,no personal information need 2 Bitcoin=$135.99 5 Bitcoin=$299.99 20 Bitcoin=$878.99 www.bitswing.com
THE REVENGE OF THE CUBER
Damn dirty vampires.
Petty revenge turns into a ticket (hopefully)
How to get a whole freeway to participate in petty revenge
A cunt for a cunt.
2 months of glorious petty revenge.
Tailgate a cyclist up a steep hill? Enjoy your red light fine.
Diss us for imperfect Lawns? Pride goeth before the fall!
How to steal a donut
Keep my deposit? - Cool, work for it.
Skip on dishes? Here's your "heat" activated charger
Undies in the sink... (Possibly NSFW)
The Shoe's on the Other Foot!
Crusty Revenge
Called the local taco house for a delivery. ended up self serving some mild sauce revenge
My brother delivered petty revenge by giving the Ex what she wanted.
Enjoy Your Cleaning Fee
A simple post-it revenge
BEST QUALITY REAL BANKNOTES MONEY FOR SELL, USD, EUR, GBP Whatsapp: +1 (607) 800-4675
My mom wants to eat the food I bought for myself, I get stuff she doesn't like.
Whenever I see annoying advertisements.
Give your kids a sensible bed time or I'll keep you up all night.
Remember not to abuse the essential staff
Fellow student with a bone to pick with a teacher. Little smelly I’d say.
Sorry officer, this isn't going to be your day.
Call me for a survey? Well, I need to know some things first...
Neighbor starts mowing/ hedge trimming early
A small victory I (19F) had in my home country
11 year old step brother barred me from his Xbox. Would like petty revenge because I don't like him and his family.
Puppy fart war
At least your bread was fine.
Want to spin you tires out and tailgate? I'll slow you down.
Treat my apartment like crap? How about a mouse infestation?
Not in my gaming room #2.
Joe Montana vs. the Buffalo
Don't touch my laptop.
Revenge ideas for Drunky McFuckClown
Right back at'cha, mate!
Lady Cut me off pulling into the same coffee shop.
Don't EVER insult my food, you cilantro-loving doorknob!
Grandma's a bit petty
I Got Revenge on my ex for cheating in a extremely petty way
Literal petty revenge on my overbearing mother.
A while ago, one of my friends was being a dick...
I wanted to play with your cars, but you never let me
Just got a prank phone call from some teenagers somewhere. Any pros out there want to help me get some petty revenge? I'll pm the number.
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
There's a saying that a dead fish only floats downstream. No fish involved.
TL;DR: Your Porsche® is no match for my $200 bicycle.
I Revenged a fly
Accused of lying and incompetence, I shoved burning facts down their throats and created a reminder they'll never forget.
Send me junk mail, I return the favor
My neighbour is a drug dealer? Well sir, guess I'll steal your golf balls.
Your attitude stinks. Fortunately, so do I.
For every honk I will take up another minute of your time
Found a troll's identity.
Slight my best friend at a gaming tournament? I'll mess up your gaming cred.
Neighbor kids kicked my cat and broke a couple ribs
Getting sweet revenge on a dangerous driver
Don't ring twice.
Interupt me constantly? Enjoy your cruddy chair!
A ruler for a finger
Pet Foils Thief
Petty revenge against someone who copies my work
Stupid woman tries to underpay, gets banned from every restaurant in the county.
Want to be rude and disrespectful? My dog will enact petty revenge in my honour.
A friend always eats the food in my apartment...
Your 5 minute wait for 4 drinks is too long? Well too bad buddy
I can't get over how horribly my toxic ex treated me. I know this is really petty but I get thoughts about wanting to make his life miserable for the shit he put me through when we dated. Any tips on what I could do to get back at him?
Scaring my girlfriend because she’s smoking weed without me when we agreed to have our first smoke together.
Neighbors took my clothes out of the dryer so they could dry their own.
Sister's plans to take my clothes gets derailed.
Have fun walking up the hill to pick up your car in the morning, Honey.
I hope your balls freeze off.
"The names are too simple" ok then
Make fun of me, I eat all your food
So I recently got some sweet petty justice by stuck up classmate!
Totally wack girl plays 2 boys, so we get revenge
So I have this choir trip tomorrow...
Ex tried to spread rumors about me, ruined her reputation with the truth
Almost ruined the play, but I shut his smug mouth right up
Scarred him for a month
Medical Discrimination? Don't think so.
Neighbors now have flat tires.
Be a bunch of self centered jerks enjoy the very annoying bus ride home
Drunk Dialed
Hope you like E-Mail
House of Karma
I hate false alarms
That time I failed a project I loved out of spite
Blackmail my dad? I'm the queen of petty.
Nearly take my account and cause me extreme stress on my already full plate? Enjoy your gift, then.
School bully gets caught red-handed.
Demanding the dental office to open on Sunday just for her.
i need revenge
My friends Dad, 57yo retired cop, posted this on facebook.
Oh you like to park so close to my car i cant get the hatchback to open up?
Sent new neighbor to the police station for a few hours
Ex-Friend's rival mom pulls up in a rented limo and chauffeur on Halloween and she took away my friends AND walking home buddyfriend. Then I realize that I'm 5 months older.
Be rude and then make me mess up my clean slicer?
No Wi-Fi for you
My biology teacher tried to humiliate me but I turned it on him
Put My Divorced Parents Who Hate Eachother In The Same Nursing Home
B**** ruins a nice day at the pool
Friend kept on stealing alcohol. So we play a little game...
Whistle Blown
People need to learn how to park
Call me a dumbass? Prepare to get in trouble.
Bullies Stink
The batter is the best part
Garbage Day
No milk for you!
Rude Chinese customer insults me in Chinese thinking I don’t understand, so I implicitly tell him to fuck off in Chinese.
Can't remember my name? Seems I've forgotten yours.
There's too much pettyshaming here. This is pettyrevenge, not pettyjustice.
Smelly Revenge on a Cat
Wanna neglect your kids but brag about your purse, fine now everyone gets a purse
Comedian Vs Comedian
Flip shit and yell at me instead of addressing the issue like a professional and an adult? Enjoy my three part revenge.
Mess with my family have fun with a restraining order
LEGO fall down in pain
Originally posted this in AITA
Petty revenge on the wife
It was just $5...
Hot and humid air for my gran
Craigslist kept taking down my free stuff posts
There is no "we" anymore: Round 2.
It'll do pig, it'll do.
Make fun of my mom ok run 5 miles
The Spite Kept Me Warm
My Vegetarian Sister
No coup(on) for you!
Palm fronds
I wonder how money tastes.
How I dropped trou to get back at my friend for pantsing me.
How would you get back at someone that stole $350 from you?
Arrogant customer treats me poorly, I deliver then the pettiest level of customer service possible.
This one was a long time coming
Annoying Girl loses the annoying bounce in her step around me.
Scammer fun
When a cold call comes in I ask them to hold for a second and I put the phone down and continue doing what I’m doing till I remember to put the phone back on the hook.
Of course you should enter the elevator before anyone else can get off.
If you're going to be douches to everyone you meet, have a photobomb.
Karma is going to get you
Got Laid Off, But Still Had to Work for 30 Days — Made Sure My Team’s Documentation Arrived As Expensively As Possible
Karen wants to sue my mom 1000s over a dent in her car
Know It All and Rude? Let me just unpair your iPhone every day.
Vui thôi đừng vui quá :))
I need revenge prank calls
Another one bites the flour
Mean teacher gets class in absolute CHAOS by "Anonymous" "hacker" (Light Yagami style)
Gave a Girl Who Uses Me the Run Around
Revenge against a girl.
Good Deed For The Day
Want to leave me on read except when you need something regarding class? K then.
Neighbor never picks up trash after the can tips. Time I got some petty revenge.
In which a bully is taught to respect the rights and property of others
I took back what was rightfully mine.
You wanna be rude I guess we’ll just loose
Backstabbing fail
I knew who stole it and I was totally right
How do I piss off my roommates?
Food for justice
DO NOT CALL MY VINTAGE SUZUKI A "MOPED".
Told an old lady we were out if buttermilk but we weren't.
Naming My Bigotted Dad's Fish After Obviously Queer Historical Icons
Soo you like back stabbing eh? Well have a taste of your own medicine
Lost my headphones on sixth grade? Hav fun repeating a year in high school.
Generally self centered?
Destroy my ear buds will you?
I didn't need room to get in my car anyway.
Savage Grandma gives scammer ear damage
Blocked in speed racer
Mess with my break time, you get creepy smiles.
“Friends” say there gonna beat me up after school so I put them through an two hours of hell
Teacher made class bully clean up my pee
Co-worker bullied and harassed me for 2 years. Karma did the work for me in the end
attack the goatherd? Okay, then.
Fine, don't have me in your wedding.
Won't turn your music down? I'll mount a subwoofer to my wall.
BITCH, YOU STINK
Traffic Jam
I’m a terrible human being.
I don't do training.
The toilet paper bandit
Her moocher ways cost her her love life
Petty Driving Revenge with TeamworkFree Burning Man tickets
Spam calls and the NSA
Enjoy your sandy clothes
Messy Night Owl Housemates Will Now Clean up Their Act or Face The Music (Pun Intended)
close the door
a short story
Treat me like crap? I will get (petty) Revenge!
Let's keep this clean...
Don’t annoy the kitchen staff
Become my girlfriend as a prank I make you fail your test
It's just a damn chair.
Parked car blocked my driveway, left with a gift
I said I wanted *extra* onion!
Petty Revenge at the Airport
fdfdfgff
Boss acts like a jerk, loses a needed worker
Jerk at the gym feels my wrathTell me you have the perfect job for me then ghost me? Fine. Enjoy the Puppy Bomb.
Bring in bed bugs? I'll tell the RA your habits.
Play your shitty music right outside my window? Ok, enjoy my shittier, LOUDER MUSIC
Rude Vegans at Subway
Breakfast b***
You wanna try a new game?
An exercise in futility
Didn't even say thank you.
Customer Appreciation Day, And The Rude Lady
Don't mess with a pissed off little girl.
I have to wage war on Domino's
Chinese cabbie
My brother was in an accident caused by an uninsured driver. He kindly made this website for her.
So you want to tailgate me?
I got a transphobic annoyance banned from Xbox
Tell lies about me? Lose your boyfriend and your entire friend group.
Refuse to help me when I’m sick? Enjoy the flu in 7-10 days.
Ruined evil stepmother's secret stash of pretzels
Steal my nice pen? I botch your request entry deliberately
Petty Penny Revenge
Put a car in my restaurant and I destroyed his place
Leave your clothes in the dryer so I can’t use it? That’s fine but I’ll make you question your sanity
Neighbor’s dog consistently leaving turds on the lawn.
My coworker caught a man not repeatedly paying the entry fee
Liquid drive-by
Segways are for assholes and petty revenge.
Groupmates didnt participate in project, they got a F
Sweet dreams, Doofus..
Were not going to church.
Fire an "injured on the job" intern. Receive mass quitting
Tea taste so much better when theres a dash of spite.
Petty revenge from the garbage man
Don't chose me as Maid of Honour? Live with your decision!
Cut in line? No slide for you.
Cheat on me then stalk/harass me for dumping you? Listen to me bang someone else.congrats, your favorite parking spot is now a bike rack
Quit using paperclips or I'll charge you for every damned thing.
Race to McDonald’s I’ll pretend I’m deaf!
Enjoy your soup bitch.
Use all the washing machines? well well...
a petty revenge, and karma's revenge
Make me do dishes when I'm sore all over? See how you like my use of lukewarm water.
Best friend forgot my birthday. She definitely remembers now...
Eat my hot sauce? Burn your ass!
Asshat at McDonald's
Annoying old guy calls tech support and acts like an ass. He terminates the call but leaves the remote connection window open - I spend half an hour subtly moving his mouse around and report him to management for misuse of our service.
Husband’s ex-best friend lost a library of 300 games on his PS4
The Ice Cream Line Cutter
Reviving the r/pettyrevenge thread on Bill Cosby
I'm currently laying in bed feeling furious.
Don't brag about what you aren't
Blaming me constantly? Have fun getting in trouble
Samosa time
I didn't get sleep 'cause of them, they don't get any either
Just dont be an asshole, why is that so hard to understand?
Lie to my face and get wet clothes
Critical of your Valentine's dinner and dessert? Make your own tonight.
I'm too important to wait for you
Keep stealing my Chromecast? How about a nice surprise.
Enjoy your laundry.
Mess with my stuff? I’ll make sure you never do it again.
Friend took both mine and my brothers savings
Wasted a scam caller's time and straight up told them that they were pieces of shit. They hung up.
Manager screwed me over so I got him fired.
Tuna T-shirt time!
Sure! Scam me &amp; take my fridge for free!
Make fun of me in front of the class, guess you’ll have to lose your job lol
Ice tea.
Now get barfed on
Annoying teen on flight
Roommate is a jerk.
Lady and baby won't give me space
I destroyed a sexist group chat forever after they called me ugly
Video chat and watch Netflix in the middle of the night? No phone charging for you!
Petty revenge 40 years in the making.
Revenge on a douche customer.
Petty revenge over some silly matter. 8 years later. Worth it.
Disappearing Door
Co worker got me fired.Don't Play Your Stereo Too Loud - You Could Blow a Fuse
Phone Scammers
Fratboy Assblaster
Stuck up millionaire who owes the whole town money gets what's coming
Screw me for $45? Pay me or lose $550.
I waited 2 hours, she waited 15 minutes, but she's mad
The sound of silence
♪ It's the end of the world as we know it... ♪
A US Army technician rocks the good ole boy boat (repost(
Some guy tried to use a power move at a crowded sheetz
(xpost AA) So... Some dogs shitting in my yard
Try to make my life miserable, have fun brushing your teeth.
Treat service industry workers like shit? Then don't get any service.
When you interrupt me having sex, I'll screw up your cheating.
"boycott" household chores, lose your wifi
If you cut in line getting on the plane? Have a relaxing flight!
Ruin my art? No mug for you.
Laptop Color
Petty Barista Revenge
Don't imply my employee is incompetent because she's a woman!
Spark my Weed without asking? Enjoy......
My neighbors hate each other
Complete and devastating revenge on my dad for letting me down.
Want to have fun and be annoying? TAKE THAT, CHILDREN!
Boss want us to work from home? Has to pay too
So, you want to hassle me for buying an apple?
Old landlord took my security deposit. Sends me proof of her bad karma two years later.
Nightshift neighbor who loves to rev their car
Bums like dirty toothbrushes, right?
Don’t feel like holding the door? The feeling’s mutual, sweetie.
WARNING!! On this site all the people want sex!
You try to insult me, I embarrass you :)
I Specialize in Passive Aggression.
I am a female. In 5th grade my teacher was out for a few days so we had a sub. I was getting a drink from the water fountain and the Sub smacked the back of my head, I ended up bloody. I turned around and sub said “I thought you were a boy.” My Father came to school and sub never taught again.
I set parental controls on my ex’s sling
Smells like piss...
Karen Refuses to Follow COVID Protocol so I Get Her Free Coffee Taken Away
Have fun walking in wet shoes
the annoying neighbors parking job
I exposed my father's worst flaw.
This is not Jim’s number!
Two can play this game.
Not really petty revenge but how would I go about getting back at my noisy upstair neighbor?
Psychological Pranks
Write a homophobic comment on my facebook? Guess I'll publicly point out your entire family's sexual hypocrisy.
Block my promotion, prepare for hell!
Undo My Existence?
That's what you get for shoplifting kiddo.
How I Left My Old Friend In Style
I was served revenge for my prank, ten fold!
Sweet Revenge Against Deliveryman.
Try to boast about academic credentials, get denied service.
What's wrong with your electronics?
Teacher being an asshole? Be an asshole back.
My mother has always been so petty.
Flake out on our plans? Eat this!
Keep me in school when I should have left? Enjoy getting blasted
"I may not have gotten what I wanted, but it sure felt good."
I was the only one from my crew to show up to work on a Sunday... Listen to my devious plan and how I ruined their day..
If I have to fill it out, YOU have to fill it out.
Oohh it's cool to kiss other people now?
No, i don't know where your glasses are
Reddit, I need the hive minds help!
(X-Post) From /r/talesfromretail. I got a kid grounded.
Girl Embarasess me in class, I DESTROY HER FAVORITE PEN!!!
Revenge on Impatient Consultant
Because I don't date f....
Nibble my soap - feel my wrath
This is America. I can honk my horn whenever the f**k I want!
Move it pig
Want me to cook for you to impress a girl? OK!
You don't believe I clean up after my dog, fine.
Eat a burger without me? this is the end of your eating career
Use a friend's account and don't tell me, you will have to sign up with your own
The best revenge I've ever had over the internet.
Shitty friends man, shitty friends.
I like my revenge sweet and petty.
Keep your reddit identity a bit better hidden.
She made me feel horrible so I decided to get some revenge
Good boy helps me get revenge on dirty roommate.
Welcome to the food pantry, don’t be mean to the sweet old ladies.
Drunk Sir, Soldier of Karma.
Douche truck cuts in the drivethrough line
Scammed a scammer using quite possibly the oldest con in the book
Made a kid cry
Trollin' Heckin' Revenge On Rude Classmate
My father was psychologically abusive to both my mother and I throughout our lives. I grew up and moved out and shortly after my mom dumped his ass. Every Christmas I get a gift card for a hardware store. After receiving the card I promptly deliver and donate it to the local woman's shelter.
Motorcycle Timber Time!
We don’t keep frozen product in the refrigerator (x-post from /r/talesfromretail)
Make fun of my parentless friend will you?
Stop parking in my spot, asshole neighbors!
Failed revenge leads to a better one down the road
Made my ex- friend Shit himself during an exam for cucking me on the one before
How do you like them apples?
Petty girl sat on my chair in airport where I put my bags to get a drink, and stole my chips that I put behind my bag. So I kinda did the same.
Bully me into depression? I'll ruin your reputation.
Feel like helping out?
You disrespect me?  I jizz in your hair and you lose your pet.  Fuck you.
HOA Petty Revenge
Next time they'll check all their quarters.
Want to beep at us when there's nowhere to go? Enjoy getting stuck for much longer while we park
Be rude and I won't call you a taxi.
Sweet, chocolatey revenge
"Can I help you with anything else?" "Why yes you can"
Mom nearly crashes into us trying to cut into the line. Ends up getting trapped behind all the traffic.
Be salty to my team? Have a boring car ride.
Close the door in my face? You can wait!
How my dad's girl friend destroyed some jerks at seven eleven
Disgusting assholes get taught hygiene
Don't mess with my friends
Don't want to pick up your dog's shit? Fine.
Let the floodgates open
You treat me like shit? How is the hotel holding?
School bully get it HARD!
You can have your (cup)cake, and eat it too!
War and paper
I ended up having a great time.
Supervisor: "No texting during work!" Later, SHE does it, and I let EVERYONE know about it, including her boss.
Continue to criticize our calls? Well, looks like your team won't get the benefit of the doubt.
Undermine my mechanical ability? Enjoy not getting a new car.
Reposted comment from another sub Reddit re: Worst Valentine's gift
Petty Revenge - Thwarted!
$.99 wine
So, you thought you could take advantage of a friendly stoner?
take photos of us without permission? okay!
Young, dumb and petty
I hope no-one goes
You're not in control of the temperature anymore
Steal my parking spot will you....
I pissed of Italian driver.
The goat's toilet
Take my stool? No more security for you.
Washing Machines
Horrible coworker gets coworker fired, I get a little revenge...
In which an entire institution gets revenge on IT and Finance.
Ruin our fun? Have fun stuck in the water!
Want to be a nasty realtor? Please allow me to direct you to the proper department.
A dish best served slightly cold
The Iceman is Dumbeth
Does anyone know how to make an account on badboyreport.kr? It won’t send me a password and I need to report someone on there.
You better make sure I never find out about your fake Instagram followers...
Don't return the favor? Have some fear in your life.
Don't bully people, cause you might end up breaking your fingers.
If you leave your cart in the road, I'll embarrass you in front of all six of your children.
Rant about my review? Enjoy a problem during a busy weekend.Bad Roommate + filed key
Mess with my friends enjoy counting one's
Have no respect for other people's space? Enjoy my smelly armpits!
Make me count? Sure, I'll count
My mom got married without telling me, cue 8 year old me seeking revenge.
Thanks for cheating !
My dad turning off the internet so our annoying neighbour couldn't watch TV after screaming at us
Christmas is near and reminded me of a line cutter at the groceries last year
Country club patrons can suck, enjoy my modified stink palm
My father gets revenge on people blocking his driveway
Throw Food At My Co-Worker in Uniform, I’ll Call Your Boss.
Throttle our bandwidth? I throttle yours.
Destroy educational standards? Go without a veteran teacher
For every one of you that yells "Freebird!" at concerts...
When your music's teacher hates heavy metal
Good luck finding it...
Splash dirty water in my drink? I'll show ya
Park like a dick? Enjoy climbing over everything to your seat.
He couldn’t take no for an answer so I showed him why he should.
Be an annoying prick behind the wheel, twice? Enjoy your realignment cost.
I need some help with my SO's roommate
Sit in my seat at a baseball game? Fine you get to move every time I want up
Kill him with happiness
Damn... another flat tire
Neighbour refused to turn down their music. Enjoy Spice Girls on loop at full volume.Decide To Take All The Video Game Posters? You're In For A Treat
I am good at math
Treat a customer like crap? Enjoy staying late.
Ex fiance turned lodger refused to buy toilet roll when it was his turn, so I changed the agreement without him knowing.
Taxi Driver Forced my Nanny to Clean His Car
Pizza Hut sucks!
Damn Damp Bath Towels
The petty revenge I still do every month.
Sweet parking lot revenge
Threaten me with jail time, enjoy being soaked dickhead.
Be rude to me and my friends? I'll waste your stock.
Last minute customers are the worst..
Tattletales aren't tolerated
The mods kept removing my post - so I unsubscribed from /r/pettyrevenge
Stomp? Yell? Cool, I'll sing
Bananas.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
Guy acted like a jerk, I got him arrested.
I was told this belongs here
5 year old revenge
Steal my things? Have fun finding yours!
Accidental email forward? I'll explain everything to you like you're five.
Two stories about on person “you tell me to get off my phone I’ll just hide it” “I’ll hurt you because you don’t have a crush on me”
Our new neighbors won't stop partying, so we signed them up for over 20 free catalogues

The toothpaste story
You're gonna have a shitty attitude when we try to teach you the skills to be good at your new job? Fine, we'll sacrifice our own hours to make sure you get even less.
Helped a friend pack up her ex's stuff, made sure to pack EVERYTHING of his...
Boss fires the best manager the store has ever had, reaps consequences.
Keep us an hour after the duty day with stupid questions, hope you don't bite your tongue
How should I get revenge?
Scam and trick your way into marrying my brother? Enjoy the horse meat.
People wants to take advantage of my age and 'get' free alcohol. Hah enjoy paying 95$ extra
That kid that sits behind you on your flight...
You mess with me? I mess with you TV!!
Neighbors use my driveway so I block them in
Rude theatre goer gets his comeuppance!
Kid calls me fat and I get revenge
Brother doesn't let me play his game, so I don't let him play on mine.
Petty Revenge against driver who parked on the line.
Tweaker revenge
Guy slides my phone off table, receives 4 daily gifts for the rest of the week.
I stole my enemy's crush
I got my money back from a ticket scalping site.
If you don't have the time, don't expect to shine
Great revenge story from The Moth
Lock me out of my own room? Let's see how you like this.
I put hot oatmeal in my roommate's shoes.
You want my data, take it!
Hosted an incredibly ungrateful exchange student. Petty revenge ensues after he called my family "losers".
I think you dropped this.
Over-eager honker sits through green light.
Revenge on the obnoxious Bachelorettes
Cut in line? Drop your pizza.
The Last Straw
my roommate stinks
Revenge on a snooping neighbor
Extremely petty revenge as a server.
Revenge on a University Teacher
Don t mess with two little girls and their dream to become Pokemon trainers
I may have given my brother lung poisoning...
Steal all the bagels? Feel my wrath.
Gas Station Revenge on a Self-Entitled Man
Entitled Karen parks where she shouldn’t so has to wait til I am done before she can leave
Don't want voicemail? Too bad.
Petty revenge on a cheap-o
Don't tell me what to do; I'm already doing it
Out like a light.
Leave food splattered all over the inside of the microwave? Fine, you can't use it until it is 100% clean.
Fine, don’t let me pass then
Prawn Revenge
I led an entitled asshole on a wild goose chase
Karma's a bitch babe, and so are lice...
He messed with the wrong guy.
Wanna drive too fast in a parking lot? I'm walking right in front of you so you have to slam on your brakes?
Upstairs neighbor lies to cops, soon regrets it.
Bully me for a year? Lose expensive jacket
Baked the best bread of my life to spite my racist bitch neighbor.
new girl in school tries to ruin my social life and tries to return the gift i gave her to my mother
I will never apologize.
Any Hilarious Newsletters I can Sign up my Friend too?
Petty revenge of a bartender.
My sisters' hysterical response to being locked out our play house
Tell me how to do my job? No e-mail for you!
Petty revenge advice regarding downstair apartment neighbors?
I snapped at my substitute bus driver today, tl;dr at the end
Dine N Dashers Get Schooled
Let me just move my car
Attempt to get me to install malware on my computer? Enjoy the wasted time.
Now every time she opens her car door. . .
Bid on something I "found" first?
Mother in law hates spoons
Destroy a sign every week fine I will destroy your car.
I hear about this one at every family gathering...Nice work, grandma.
Shoot my friend with a B.B. gun, that’s his gun now.
Petty revenge on reckless cyclist led to unexpected karmic payback
World War Turd
the racist old man
Pizza Manager Stole Good Tippers
Help me get revenge on a bad housemate.
I saw a guy take a popular joke as his own and I simply retweeted the original joke, he got called on his BS
You say "FU" to my husband? I say BING BING BING BONG BONG BONG BONG
Bully me in high school huh? Let me talk to your family!
I made a scammer visit the post office every day for two weeks thinking I had sent him a package.
Anon's Revenge
NIGHTMARE neighbor
Для богатого и ворота настежь
Dump me for getting accepted to grad school? Enjoy your early morning wake-up call
Corn thieves get gross cow corn
Make me late to class with your illegal driving? Okayyy
Office fitness politics
Phone keeps going off during final? Sorry about the bad air conditions, class!
Just because you hammer nails all day, that doesn't make you the son of God.
Puree Diet
Needlessly impatient waitress mocked my sweet grandmother....Bad decision.
Beautiful Fireworks
Ask Pettyrevenge:  What's your favorite method for Petty Revenge?  Simpler the better.
Keep ringing that bell every 2 seconds, I won't come any faster
YouTube ads
I also was playing video games.
Not going to nicely hand me your money?
Metro bump revenge
Be a shitty salesperson? I'll show you.
Be nice to the homeless.
talk on your phone on the stairs? hope i'm not too loud...
Drive too fast on my road, get reported for having no road tax and MOT
Substitute Teachers
Don't steal from me.
I too got cut off when trying to park at my University. I forced the perpetrator to move on!
A Two-fer, Both Involving Tailgating and Flashing
You love me? I catfish you
If you're popular, it doesn't mean you can do whatever you want!
You turn of the bathroom lights while I'm taking a shit for 10 minutes and refuse to open it even if I'm asking for it because I need to wipe?
Hummer tries to take up two spaces
Not my dishes not my job🤷🏼‍♂️
AP Psychology Grade Murder-Suicide
Won't stop bugging me and your older sister? Time to get you in trouble!
Bully me? I'll be the villain this time
Rip into me because you don't like the way I take notes? Well I hope you like obscure differential calculus notations.
Group Project Nightmare
Steal my milk? Urine for a treat
I quit my job today, and left a parting gift that will keep on giving
"Trying to give me a thing I dropped? Not interested."
Kept getting removed on AmITheAssHole - posting here - AMAI the asshole for hurting the man  once loved? We’re his actions justified? Am I a bad person?
Where has my sweeping broom gone?
Hit me with a popcorn bag? Enjoy watching me eat it in front of you.
Revenge on the most judgemental balloon
Do the rules not apply to you?
You mess with me ? I mess with you mate !
can i post a video i made out of pettiness?
Im grounded no my little summer child
Revenge on Credit Card Company
"Just do as you're told you lowgrades!"
Strangers help me get some petty revenge on teenagers at a concert
What happens when you don't treat your tie with respect!
I guess I can slice your bread...
I’m a petty asshole to my bf (I posted this to r/confessions but they told me I should post it here)
ยิงทีมเก่า! "ดิ มาเรีย" ซัดเบิ้ล เปแอสเช เปิดรังถลุง ชุดขาว เละ 3-0 ศึกแชมเปียนส์ลีก | YoulikeBET
Old Racist Fart at the Airport
Snow Shoveling Revenge
Roommate having really loud sex
I caused my boss to lose her business and house.
You don't tip? Enjoy cold pizza.
My friend's roommate brought his girlfriend everyday to their room to have fun with her in front of him, just to make fun of him. I help him get rid of the problem.
Bully gets what she deserved
Did You Enjoy The Chocolates?
Snooty teens mess with the wrong grandma!
"You got this"
Enjoy Your Bill
I Got Her Name Inked On His Cheating Ass
Feeling a bit salty
"Close the door LIGHTLY." If you insist.
Sometimes petty revenge hurts you too. But it's worth it.
Won't let me park my car? Enjoy paying for the wheelie-bin!
Harassing a helpless stray? Have a shove.
Disease is just a terrible Karma
I voted for Trump to spite an Ex
The neighbor kids stole from my car so I hid their bikes and scooters
Cake on the Windshield
Complain and threaten my job? Good luck keeping your food cold!
In this case, revenge was best served steaming hot.
No, your dog cannot stay at my house.
Don't disturb the class
Upstairs 40s/F neighbor stomping vengefully like a child after being hostile to my GF when her dog almost bit my GF - landlord notified - what else can I do?
Can't handle your liquor and embarrass me in front of friends? Have fun finding your sunglasses
Take my chocolate bar, I’ll take your dignity!
You seriously couldn't even water my plants
I have the heart of a small boy....
Don’t be mean to old ladies!
Make me do your busy work? Hope you didn't want to keep your paperclips.
Oops, guess the computer just doesn't want to cooperate with me today!
No. I can’t “hold it.”
So, you want to be a c*nt to me and still go to the concert that I bought us tickets for? Okay!
An eye for an eye. Wasted hard work for wasted hard work
No ma’am, you can’t use our restroom.
Guinea Pig Shit Storm
psychotic little peep fangirl gets karma
The Replacement
Sexually harassed a sexual harasser on the bus
I’m your (domain) master now
My brother keeps leaving his stuff in my room
Enjoy coming home to an empty apartment :)
My ongoing revenge on the landlord of nightmares
Don’t want to pay for web updates? You don’t get to keep the updates.
I love my wife, but she gave me shit for never putting away her clean laundry so now I do but in all the wrong drawers.
Had a group partner who only did the bare minimum, so I got in school suspension on the day of presentations.
Sorry, But Who are You Again?
Abortion protesters.
These Necklaces will give you positive vibes!
7th grade asshole
Sugar Baby catfish petty revenge
Normally I want to save money but I want to cost my city as much as possible
Copy all of my answers? Get ready to get all of them wrong!!!
Here’s Your Shit
Entitled Mom Doubts my parents and Ruins friendship
"Pranked"
Hope you had a nice time at the zoo you fucking asshole.
Hit by a car?  Best friend to the rescue!
Obnoxiously rushing me? I'll take my time.
Racist Revenge
Be an idiot? I’ll get you a F
Try to scam my friend? Wait 2 months for a non existent delivery!
You're going to annoy me? Then I'll make you hold my booger.
The time I annoyed a Craigslist scammer
Super extra whipped cream
Orders me to steal? I'll steal from you.
Won’t help me in school? Become the face of men’s sexual assault.
Petty revenge against an internet thief
Excuse me, I need to pee.
After my mighty losing streak to my brother in a video game, my brother raged quit after I got the lead.
Oh such sweet sweet revenge I had
Happy 4th of July, fuckers
Can I make my sister have acne?
Stupid car driver or just blind
Threats, eh? Enjoy your spam.
Four items fewer
Colleagues won't mute annoying youtube videos, so I changed the BIOS settings.
Denied my medical records because I couldn’t afford to pay my last bill…
The Revenge
Talk behind me the entire movie will ya?
You don't pay rent? Your plumbing has been revoked
Gonna be rude? Enjoy the smell of my popcorn.Revenge on Kevin
I pushed the annoying kid of my school into a bunch of girls who hate him
Awesome HR guy tricks our terrible company into giving me a bunch of money
Supervisor wants to nitpick at me? Good luck being understaffed
night shift worker + neighbors afternoon party = petty revenge
End our streak intentionally and then don’t reply to my snaps?
$10 parking fine
Getting my sister and all of her friends into trouble... for something they didn't do.
Pizza Roll Revenge
Scam me out of 200 bucks? Have fun with that
Spent inheritance on booze
Now EAT it!
Rude vacationers overhead
A tale of petty revenge.
Read my screen, get offended pt. 2
revenge on dog breeder
What would you do if a bitch steals your parking spot and tells you to f#cK off because her hubby's a cop!
Revenge on a ex coworkers slutty girlfriend.
My sister's a 'Karen' and my friend shut her DOWN
Failing Half my AP Biology Class
I may be slow but I'm in front of you.
Crank up our cottage, I spice up you breakfast.
Tale of Prick Bus Driver
Say goodbye to your avocados, jerk.
I lost a student government election in college and made the following year a living Hell for the guy who beat me
Useless Roommate
Block me off. Right back at you.
Small Entitlement Issue
Midnight call from a telemarketer
If you're late for something, it's no ones fault but your own.
Ski Lift Line Revenge
Here have this Mexican Carrot
Sister prevents me to sit with the rest of my family on a flight. I get an upgrade.
Taking up two parking spaces must not go un-punished
Almost run me over? Sure, I'll give you directions!
Grocery cart revenge
Petty Revenge in the Library
07414854206 +44
Make me out to be an ass?
Pokemon revenge (x-post from r/pokemon)
Justice on a reckless driver
Gf(now ex) hung out with an ex, my petty revenge.
Take a handicap spot you don't need? Watch us struggle? Prepare for some extremely petty revenge.
We are louder
Dealing With The High School Bully
Mess up my schedule? Your sweetener is now mine.
My new desk in class
Japanese kid learnt quite the lesson.
Don't ask if i want to eat too? Get your own beer.
I hate Dan-O
Take 2 parking spots will you....
A delicious drink.
Sweet pastries of revenge
Got back at my ex for cheating with me in my best friend
I'm that Petty (NOT A STORY).
My dad wanted me to kill him... fuck you
Did nothing to get someone who didn't know I existed in trouble
I projectile vomited on the doctor who said there was nothing wrong with me
Got revenge on a teacher from my elementary school. I'm going to hell...
You don’t even live here and you’re gonna be rude? Enjoy getting your car from the towing company.
My Fiancee didn't help with the laundry today
I'm just "taking showers wrong" huh? Fine, guess the problem doesn't exist.
How I got my school bully expelled
My Grandma’s petty revenge
Would You Like Some Salad?
Evil Boss Lives to Regret Poor Treatment
Going to try and dart ahead of people? Have fun waiting
Maybe next time you will let people in.
The Revenge of the Ants
You think negging will work on me? Think again jerk.
If you don't like "threats" I won't make them.
Was Picked on by one Guy in my class when I was in the 4th grade
you take my action figures i take your Pokemon cards
Ran into my first boss again recently.
Wake me up at night - no power for you
Sometimes revenge is a dish best served with double meat.
'Forgot' to add me to party groupchat? I'll 'forget' to chip in my share of the food too
Revenge via Enya
What Rolls Around Comes Around
Agar revenge on the selfish teammate
How I got my crew to stop stealing my emergency cancer sticks.
Is it too satirical?
accidentally flirting with my Ex’s cousin
act all arrogant and rude at school ? we’ll see about that
It wasn't big and it wasn't clever, but it was kind of satisfying
Steal my food and ill make your tongue bleed
Be late? Have fun looking ridiculous!
Have fun wasting your time trying to do my job.
She will not be prepared.
Get in my face? No email for you!
Gonna drink my milk? Gonna make you vomit
Don't do the washing up? Don't worry you won't have anything to wash up.
Immature Ex Gets What’s Coming to Her
I got friend-dumped, so I'm going to out-gift my old friends.
What sub should I go to right now and sort by top and all time?
Insist on reving your loud truck at 5AM? Ok two can play that game.
Ice Cream, You Scream.
Roommate neglected her dog, so I made her meals fit for a stupid bitch such as herself.
Want to be a pain in the ass...fine, we'll ignore you!
A nickel tip in a snowstorm? I'll remember this.
Lightly petty retail revenge
Don't want the cutie sitting next to you? Get a neckbeard instead
The fork
Why you dont mess with wrestlers
Won't let me off the train? Enjoy being squished in like sardines
Mess with my laundry? I'll make sure yours is EXTRA clean.
Catering a wedding rehearsal dinner with some sweet revenge.
Two adults should not be confined to the same room.
I scammed a scammer out of $1000
Used Internet Explorer to download Google Chrome
Honk and cut me off in a Chick-Fil-A drive thru?
Fucked over friend group in college
Use my carport, will you?
Lie to the police and say I raped and beat you? I will ruin your life without trying (xpost also on prorevenge)
My shitty roommate
Cousin screws with me, I get him nonstop beat.
Chemical warfare
Ex boyfriend
Steal my spare change? Get a job.
Don't Want to understand and accommodate my IPP?
Library Fine
Don't pick a fight with me.
How the class' jerk lost his pride
This guy will never tailgate again.
Amazing what you can do with a few ounces of superglue.
Have fun filling those tires, boy.
Almost give me pink eye? Enjoy the mental hospital/prison.
Narcissist gets a taste of his own medicine
Use my library card when you don't even talk to me? Have fun looking at porn.
Soy milk is now extra so I'm going to use my AMEX
Ignore me at the register? Enjoy an entire shift of awkward sexual tension.
My buddy's experience at the gas station. (FB) (X-Post from r/funny)
guy beats on me so I call the police and he gets arrested for assault
Teacher didn't believe i had asthma and wouldn't let me leave to get my inhaler, passed out in class and was hospitalized. Repost from Malicious Compliance
Nepotism will only get you so far
I was not the revenge getter...
British uber driver takes up two spaces and gives me the finger when I ask him to move. I get my revenge!
Taught an entitled witch to mind her own business
No manners? Let me slightly inconvenience you by making you think you'll get pulled over
Kid breaks my 15 dollar drafting pencil, I empty his entire locker onto the ground.
Drive like a jerk in the neighborhood? Enjoy your parking ticket and my mastiff’s watery turds.
My dog woke me up at 4am to go to the bathroom...
Christmas Revenge on a Cheap Ass Narcissist
Man Vandalizes Gravestone of Deceased Man He Claims Stole $300 From Him 56 Years Ago
Congrats on becoming school president! I hope you know how to play politics.
Insist on being a cunt to me and my kids? Enjoy your shit spatula.
Rude to me? Here is a $100 late charge!
Stop putting things on top the part of the ice maker that tells it to stop making ice.
Not so Petty Revenge
Trash my house? Enjoy being sober at a Big party
Santa doesn’t like selfish brats
My co-worker talked sh*t about me to my boss to get me fired, now he is fired
Hide and seek turns ugly for my sister's stomach
I gave a mom and her crying infant my seat on a 3 hour delayed flight!
I need some advice.
Delay me by being an asshole? I can delay you right back!
Guy tried to beat up my brother but instead had to deal with me
Very petty revenge enacted by my country.
Let a friend tow away the car of my neighbor
Best board game player ever? I can change that
I told his wife.
My roommate keeps moving my stuff and complains about the slightest noise. I got back at her.
You forgot who was paying dummy
Bully me ? I do yo mother!
Guests at our apartment wait for residents to open the garage gate and sneak in behind them.
I hate my dad...
Ruin Star Wars?? Just wait and see what I got in store for YOU!
My coworker steals pens.
Don't cheat on me.
Petty courier revenge (how our office got payback on the office next door)
Bite the hand that feeds you? Sit in the back.
Discord DMs
Lock me in the laundry room, will you?
How Fitting
Snap snap
Never Mess With The Bros
Man Gets Back at Intoxicated Lady Who Almost Ran Him Over
Give me the run around? Enjoy buying new carpets!
Sister doesn't understand bathroom etiquette
Ex-landlord withheld my security deposit.
Handicapped spot taking revenge
Best job interview revenge yet.
I called Jehovah Witnesses on an asshat
Don't invite me to hang out you don't get Buffalo Wild Wings
Thus shall be done to him that ruins the showers of other men.
Room mate stole my bread
Shame on you
Flashing lights revenge
My roommate is completely disgusting and seems to have to regard for other people. I have been getting back once a week or more.
I wrote a satirical play about my professor for his class
Not quite a revenge on karen???
since you like that parking spot so much...
Unintentional revenge.
Annoying kid in my class, I stole his headphones.
Ever go to enact revenge but then
You mess with me, you mess with my friends...
Don’t hit and run from a 17 year old girl
guy got mad because i wouldn't give him free items, called him out and he got even saltier
Don’t park your car there. You were warned !
Class time vengeance
Published “unknown” archaeological sites
Parking lot at Christmas time
My stupid asshole (ex) room mates and their stupid asshole blind dog. How I made 10 minute arguments last 30 minutes.
You have a god damned driveway, use it.
Shadow Of War's dumb microtransactions
PROFESSIONAL HACKER FOR HIRE
iPetty
You'll learn bathroom etiquette one way or another.
"Thatsa One Spicy Pizza'a
Shouldn't have stolen my parking spot!
My grandmother helps me enact some petty revenge against a douchebag driver.
Mailbox Baseball Revenge
Revenge for a jerk who popped my balloon
Roommate pretends she's poor so I'd give food to her then starts insulting me after I tell her no? No food for her, then.
Neighbor liked to play the drums...
Oh, you are going to exclude everyone else from your communication, right in front of us? OK. Prepare for some petty equality.
I'm not moving out, but you're more than welcome to.
Petty, yet satisfying
Don't want to let me into the first class rail lounge? I'll show you.
Oh, my computer is hacked, you say? Well now your time is wasted. (And you, fellow Redditors, can hear the whole thing!)
Rush me at the airport water fountain? I will be petty!
Take my money
Skip your turn? Now I’ll make you even more late.
The old man and the toilet
I sincerely hope you win that election : )
Can't shut the back door? May I remind you I live above you?
my ex boyfriend (M18) cheated on me (F17) with a 13 year old girl.
Teammate drinking my drink
"Sorry you can't A F F O R D this..."
I am a boss
Long haired bitch
Framed me? Lemme just frame you right back! An episode of little girl petty wars.
If you're a crying baby in the "quiet" section of a library, I'm not going to make silly faces at you.
Gimme tha Loot Gimme tha Loot!
Take pictures of me? I’ll make you waityou steal my bed I take your house
I’m not allowed to take Cheetos from my brother’s bowl?
My brother stole my pizza, I stole his back
My stepmother was abusive to me so I signed her up for a bunch of gay porn.
Blind me with the sun? You will suffer too...
My boyfriend's son is a picky eater.....
Appearances fool
What should I write in my resignation letter as my reason for leaving my job?
Yell at me all you want, but it will cost you most of
Don't throw coasters at me
Let them cuddle!
Stupid ahole ruins my minecraft server and blocks me on discord after insulting me buuuuut!
No lift for you
Vampires want my blood.
Toner? We don't need no stinking toner!
Teacher loses my assignment I then made her look foolish when she tried to make me do a presentation on said lost assignment.
(http://imgur.com/xekvk5X)
delayed Simcity disaster mode revenge
Inconsiderate hen party
Not sure if "ask" posts are ok, but I could use some advice.
How I craftily got back at my bully
Woman gets charged 250 dollars for a cookie recipe
Run a crappy school? No more doorknobs...
*Poopourri*
Vibrate my floors, I vibrate your ceiling
Disable my iPhone? Where's your essay?
Helping yourself to my food? I will go out of my way to be petty about what I get in.
Real Estate Gone Awry
Security guard on campus gets what's comin.
Reddit revenge
Just a little extra
I let a man get robbed.. in revenge
Someone bagged each dog poo and left them all in the grass
Act like a complete tit and threaten our business...? That'll get you good customer service.
Cake Face
Simple laundry instructions.
Homophobic neighbors call the cops on themselves
Cheat on me? Pettiest revenge of all
Apartment manager can suck a fat one
Enjoy your lump of meat
Each honk means 5 mph slower.
I spammed a telemarketer back
When your roommate steals your juul...
Don't drive behind me with your brights on
My neighbor's trash can
Keeping the light on when I'm trying to sleep? Try again
So someone has stolen my Minecraft account to make YouTube videos...
I’ve annoyed my supervisor for 2 years
You do not cheat at Musical Chairs.
don't touch my stuff
Got laid off for not being thorough with my work, yet they failed to mention something in my contract...
I drive slow. Deal with it.
I need advice
Too impatient to let me bag my items at self checkout before you start sending yours down? Prepare for me to take 3x as long bagging everything.
My brother gets a "TASTE" of revenge.
Petty non-illegal ways to make a commercial tenant miserable when I can't evict them
Magic the Gathering tournament. If you're gonna be an ass, you're going down.
Blame me for your own mistake? Good luck on your presentation!
It was about time
My Tinder story.
No bedroom door...
Jailbird gets her cage cleaned out
Petty revenge totally worth a night in jail
What's the most petty thing you guys have ever done?
The facebook revenge
Don't let me use the floor cleaner because I'm "not trained to work it"? No problem, you do it then.
got bullied in highschool by boyfriends ex so i got my entire class to steal her stuff
Sock Scavenger
What are friends for?
Kids can’t sleep? Neither will you.
Oh, so that's how you do it
Rude Cab Driver Gets a Petty Lesson
Asshole roommate hits the snooze button too many times... So I disconnected it.
Karma's A Bitch
Don’t challenge me
Want to steal my stuff and be a bad roommate? Have fun with a giant bill.
I'm uncreative. Help me exact vengance.
Refuse to help pay for my surgery that you caused? I'll call animal control
Social Media Revenge, Years in the Making
Mind game a Karen.
Pouty Potato at a soccer match gets their view blocked
Don't be selfish and close the elevator when people are approaching it.
Sharing is Caring - esp on a crowded train
Have fun failing the exam, jerk
I've told you to quit calling my cell phone.
Mistake me for the valet and be rude to me, have a nice walk home.
Telemarketers who never stop calling
How I took revenge on an old bully by "Killing him with kindness"
Try to piggyback off me? No shot
Fuck with the lectures, I fuck with your motivation.
Petty? Yes. Worth it? Totally.
Never forget that you're someone's reason to smile...
My coworker knows my reddit username and stalks my posts
My dad and his love for trainers
Don't steal my leftovers.
Next time, keep your mouth shut.
Talk about me behind my back? You'll pay.
Hope that $80 in your pocket was worth the $2,000 cello
Draw on my notebook and white out the chapter formulas? This means war.
Pound on the door? Smell my cucka.
Trash my house? Have fun at work ;)
Competent employee
Girl forgets something meaning I find truth
My dog pulled a petty revenge on me.
Don't follow the schedule? Well drown in burgers and angry customers
Neighbours
My pack
Getting back at a disgusting housemate
Killed them with kindness and a Violin.
Good ole' traffic petty revenge.
My dad got revenge over my sister's manipulative boyfriend
hick john's an asshole
Night shift shenanigans when the other hospital is a dick
And all that jazz
Keep the Tip, bitches.
Suck it David
Stupid neighbors have to pay early.
My girlfriend cheated on me before my birthday....how convenient
Don't drive like a dick
"Why does my room smell like shit?"
Revenge on a Police Officer
Always follow the Bro-Code
My horrible tutor, and how I got my revenge
Enjoy your warm soda
Think you can bully me? Time for some Change.
Petty Revenge for a rude apartment manager
Eat the last burger? I'll use your relish!
Your food is more important than mine because you're in a group? Enjoy the wait!
Annoy me, I'll annoy you.
No napkins, no bag.
8187144317
Stamping on the ceiling? Gosh, let me try to interpret that message!
Winter Came For You
Underage and underprivileged
Veterinarians Gets Their Card Reader Fixed
Go out of turn at a 3-way stop and flip me off? Enjoy your dented trunk.
You shouldn't be wearing anything tight anyway
Petty revenge on a neat-freak, thieving roommate
Laugh about my super awesome strenght? then you get the ugliest plate ever.
Snowboarding Revenge
Client is unfathomably rude, gets unnecessary stress and work - a petty revenge story
What to do when you find a website using your video as their BG...
Try to screw over my brother's tennis match, get water dumped on you
Revenge is best served cold
Don't piss off the yearbook staff
"Peanut Butter"
Your credit card is declined. Do you have another form of payment?
Watch where you put your fingers!
I don't get paid enough to deal with crazies
the pencil revenge pt.2
Cosplayer's Petty Revenge
I need advice... I was reported to the police
You will not be my new supervisor!
(Re-repost from ProRevenge) You want to scam me and my friends? I'm gonna waste more than an hour of your time.
Shaming French Witches with a Children's Song
Ruin our night of sleep, no boating for you.
Steal my hose, lose my 80 grand remodel
Candy Crush: The Sweetest Revenge
Keep stealing my dessert? Prepare for a stinkbomb
Reported my coworker
Homophobic jerk picks on 14 year old girl making her cry in front of hundreds gets what he deserves.
My mom was being pissy towards me, so I embarrass her in a Zoom meeting
Enjoy staring at an empty landing
I'm not splitting a £50 note to give you change, make it cheaper!
How should I get revenge
That's not your problem? Well, enjoy your fries, bitch.
I finally have a story for this sub!
I forced a driver to stay behind me on a two lane road, with no passing.
Soda fountain revenge
Calling all Servers of Reddit!
Had my first ever walk-out Friday night. Got my revenge tonight. (x-post /r/talesfromyourserver)
I’m not good enough to date you? Enjoy paying my full rate on your laptop repair.
My boyfriend got tired of his neighbor not mowing his lawn, so he helped him
Need advice to inflict the most petty revenge possible.
So you're always more important than all those peasants queueing up? Not today, I'm afraid.
I need help getting back at my neighbors.
Don't be rude to desk attendants.
Bully and sexually harass my friend and I? Enjoy your summer!
Not sure who: Ex-gf, her silly, do nothing internet friends, or just an angry redditor.
Teacher makes me stay inside for doing my homework?
As easy as 1,2,4
You wanted to climb my fence? Hope you don't like your shoes.
Neighbor need ideas
Obnoxious Garage Neighbor
Apartment under loud construction for months? What a perfect time for me to break in my heels.
I ruined a middle school kid's lunch before he can eat it for being a prick.
Treat me like shit at work? I'll make you walk further!!
Backdate your request, will you?!
Words becoming actions
Working in the service industry is hell
We got kicked out, but it was worth it.
5 years of bullying for what reason
Resigned and never getting a chance to work here again!
Want to make me work unpaid overtime on a Friday? I'll go for a shit, shower and make myself some food in the office instead.
Be a douche when I'm going out of my way to help you? Hope you like shivering.
Doing some shady, lazy business? That's gonna cost ya...
Sister Wouldn't Turn The Lights Off When I Was Trying To Sleep... So I Enacted Some Petty Revenge
Be a jerk to my roommate, a classmate with autism, and my gay best friend? Get burned! Part 1
Suitemate went into my room while I was out for the weekend, and also let someone into my room when I was in class once. Thinking of reporting her for her weed smoking.
Rude customer gets owned
Currently dealing with a petty roommate/ex-bestfriend.
Like to waste my time and cry about non issues?
Back stab me twice? I'll deny you every time.
Pester me for 5 years, I don't think so!
Have a lemonade with those biscuits
Petty parking
Creation Of The World Good Vs Evil
Screw with my tips and I'll screw with yours.
Don't listen to my reasonable request, lose items.
Winery or whinery?
Don’t hate the Cowboys!
Ya got milk?
The backpack revenge (light nsfw)
Your product has three star rating on Newegg, it's clearly inferior...
Yesss... continue to be shocked.
Story number 2 from your your neighborhood bear: Oh no you don"t
BMW driver acts like he's going to hit me
The Operator Can Be Helpful -- At Their Discretion
Entitled people get a huge fine because they didn't want to listen to the park ranger.
WhoDuntIt861
Sure I can’t spit in your food if you’re rude, but that doesn’t mean I won’t get my revenge
Take my water? You get grossed out.
Be an asshole to me and your coworkers? You can miss the conference finals.
Pretty Revenge Request
Who Flung Poo
Make me lose sleep over how loud you are. I'll make you feel embarassed in front of your mates
Revenge Quitting: Like Rage Quitting, Only More Petty
Petty revenge on gas pump thief
That's Not Where That Goes
Sister wouldn’t stop having loud sex so... surprise stew.
Ignore my discreetly-offered advice? Now your mistake gets pointed out to everyone.
You say you only called the boss out of concern for my well being? Well being that you called him, I had to follow suit.
If your GF left your for a rich guy this is how you take your revenge
parked in the crosswalk? no problem!
Boring one-night-stand revenge
Ostracized
Looking for new job
My weight? Let us see what Insta thinksDon't take my spot
My friend pushed me off a chair. So I stabbed him with the chair.
Petty as fuck revenge with ex and ex's mom
I screwed over my horrible roommates
The joys of the mute button.
Fuck me, no fuck you
Friends revenge on litterbug
Cop writes me a bad ticket, I get him suspended. (long story sorry)
Evil asshat property manager has treated us tennants like shit for the last time.
Bully and underpay me? Guess I’ll just get you demoted
Looking for revenge ideas for against my boyfriend
Shaving cream in the Corps of Cadets
Enjoy cutting THAT line.
Here’s how to deal with passive-aggressive staff in a restaurant
Give me a concussion? See you in 3 months.
Somel the things i did to get back at my abusive father
Friend who constantly ripped off my artwork and designs has finally been sued by a business she copied a design from.
Won’t fix potholes after raising rent? Fine...
Half-ass your chores? Enjoy your nap, Jerkface
Insecure girlfriend tells me I can’t ask her boyfriend (my ex) for travel tips
Send dung through the mail (not a story)
My lazy sister
Petty train station revenge
2 stories in one :)
The Petty Revenge that arrived on its own.Our neighbors are crazy.
Treat me like crap and I'll... inconvenience you.
This dude was a complete dick to my brother in law to try to make his YouTube video bigger, please help me get justice
Merry Christmas, You Filthy Animal
The cabby didn't know I spoke russian
Me vs. My Fiancée's Dog
Don’t taunt people.
My friend, the asshole. Or, "Closing a Bakery over $1.25"
If I can't enjoy the internet, neither can you.
That'll teach you to keep an eye on your phone...
Make obnoxious demands? Enjoy being embarrassed
Success is my revenge, and kindness is my weapon
Water
Every vote counts
Suffer the consequences of my unsatisfied libido.
Housemates; Meet the Chaotic Neutral
My fiance's racist dad
Ex wants me out of her amino life? Enjoy it bein taken away
Petty Parking Ticket
Bitch acts petty about stuff that happened months ago.
My greatest revenge
Broken Ankle = A Life Time of Guilt
Short 6th grade story
Get the racist out of the pool
I'm "tired" of your Craigslist ads
Stop making me feel awkward while I take my food
It's my email, I get to have fun with it.
Redifining the bitch slap.
Wanna scorn us...talk your way out of this porn dilemma then...
Toilet seat
Blue Lagoon
I scammed a thief, I think
Want to be a dick to everyone? Say goodbye to the one you love.
You want to try to dig a pool zone while drunk, run over our tree, and take a fat pee right in front of us in your back yard have fun.
Left a bad review and didn't pay over $4,000 for services
You wanna be a bitch, Imma hit the switch.
Helluva good sandwich
Had a Little Fun with a Scammer Over Email
He splashed me
Want to ignore my gestures of friendship? Find someone else to help you skip class.
Lactose intolerant roommate gets a heavy dose of lactose.
My Cousin Nancy
Bully everyone at mums and toddlers? I throw you off a slide
Petty, yet Perfect.
Ruin our living situation? Have fun losing your license AND car.
Petty revenge on ex girlfriend
Entitled Family Becomes my Boss
No miss, I don't work here but I'll most definitely help you find what you're looking for.
If you can't be polite, I'm not going to help you find a job
Find My iPhone
Bully My Buddy Who Knows Jiu Jitsu? Welcome to the Real World, Daniel
Ignore me at work will you?
Guy at airport wronged me. (With images)
How puzzling
Birthday girl and her bullying mother get caught in their lies and shamed.
Could you run out for milk please?
SO PETTY...cheating fuckboy gets exposed on a podcast 😂
Girlfriend Dumps Me, Lies To Me, and The Payback is Insane.
Talk Shit Get Hit (Discord Edition!)
Crane driver gets his revenge on sunbathing man during COVID-19
IT teacher makes fun of my stutter, and becomes the joke of the school.
Group revenge on the M25, London.
Torturing your children with food.
Class bully made to clean up my pee
Bus Seat Butt Controversy
Broke a couple up
Have fun with that IKEA furniture.
Welcome to America, please use house keys.
"Brake checked" my eighth grade english teacher
Waste my time AND my resources? Then you get to wait.
Don't flip people off
Ideas for the future
Fool me once, shame on you, try to make me look like a fool and I won't be so kind.
High school secretary insulted my best friend so I exposed her criminal history to the school and possibly made her life hell. (her mugshots were taped up at school)
My stubbed toe=you're going to be late
Try to grift me out of $150? Enjoy this rubber band and pencil shavings.
Lazy to look for materials? Drive far away to find it
Kid is a jerk to me and my friends at camp, we make him suffer on his last night there.
Petty, Painful Phone Call Vengeance
Hit my car and block my driveway? Enjoy my parking trap.
My best friend was being mean to me earlier...
Let me get the door for you
Called my great aunt old, because she insulted something I like.
Even in cattle country you can't escape Karens
Mistreat my brothers PS2? Lemme mess with your head
Not so mice revenge on crappy landlords
Try to pass me on the right and I will make you wait longer
Throw grapes all over? SARDINES!!!
Currently on a plane..
My girlfriend's cat kept us awake all night meowing...
Geoffrey the giraffe and my HOA
Ate my pudding, enjoy your night long Baby.
Serve me thousand island after I said not to? Have a good scare in return!
on my Narcissistc Workplace. I have found the key.
Tell all the bad bitches not to mess with me...I have a breaking point.
Catching a Capture the Flag cheaterHot Salsa
School Bus Revenge
Woman uses shopping cart to keep her place in the queue
Think You're Funny? Not Anymore
Throw something at me? I'll sick the cops on you
Stop me from getting in the elevator? Let me show you how annoying I can be.
Petty Revenge gone wrong
Pay what you owe or no more free downloads for you
Always protect your Bluetooth speaker
How to deal with Timeshare Telephone Solicitation
A frat brother raped me and my sorority sisters let it happen so I shut them down
Mess with a llama? Enjoy not being allowed to use our washroom after it spits in your face.
Something I do quite often
Nobody likes a copy cat (short one)
That’s what you get
How many hail marys for this one?
Cheater Drives a Saturn
Did I win the lottery?
Petty revenge via social media
Don't clean? Face consequences.
Be nasty to a train hostess? Then I'll sit by and watch your laptop battery die.
Refuse to pick up after yourself? Fine, no problem.
Captain Ahab and the White Whale of IT
Give a disgusted look when you get to me? I’ll just correct you in class.
Petty Revenge On My Gross Roommate
You cry? I cry.
Lock us out of the bathroom? It would suck if your toothpaste went missing...
"Your fizzy water is in my piss!"
Need a pencil? Sorry, can't help you.
Send me a defective product and make me pay for shipping on a return? Petty revenge for a shitty distributor.
Send hate messages, Get Stood up BIOOOOOOOOOOTCH
Recorded part 2
Throw your money at me will you?
What to be a** on the plane two can play like that
Say bad things about me to the Owner, and make me do your work!? ... I make your life HELL for 18 MONTHS!!!
Don't mess with your night employees!
My sister borrowed my sparkling truck and left me with her filthy Porsche Cayman, so I detailed *half* of it
Tried Preaching Christianity To Me And Then Called Me A Sinner
I'll make you think twice about violating our 15 minute parking signs!
The group project from hell
The Gift that Keeps on Giving.
Printer toners - the most annoying thing I can be asked to replace...
Abusive (ex) boyfriend gets to see how crazy I really am.
Just because you're old doesn't mean you're crippled
Customer at gym acting like an asshole gets registered to every porn site I know
Love your laptop? then put up with it's abuses!
Store owner ignores me, gets called out, loses huge sale.
My friend discards my favourite player in a game, I get my revenge.
There's still time to down vote Jared Leto's AMA!It's not even coffee
pigment vs. sublimation ink
No Cookies For You
Stop bullying me or I'll destroy your life!
Sumo Wrestled Ex’s boyfriend
Didn't Park In The Lines? I'll Still Park Next To You
Didn't bring a book? Here use mine.
Don’t cut the line!
A girl spread rumors I was dating a girl, so, I spread rumors I was dating her.
Splash splash my brother stopped acting like trash
Blast Your Music and Blow Your Smoke Through My Window? Enjoy My TV Static.
An "alarming" revenge
Make my year hell and stick me for the cable box? Fine, I'll take your whole damn deposit.
I gave my cat the ultimate hiss
The chocolate bar thief
You may have won the battle but I won the war
Hog my computer? No more CSGO for you.
Be annoying? Enjoy déjà vu.
Honking
Call the police for no reason I’ll keep you up all night
Bartender's petty revenge
When people use their phones in the public bathroom at work, I go out of my way to make extra loud bathroom noises so the person on the call knows how rude they're being.
Don't mess with a PhD student in their final year
What's your best anonymous petty revenge
Hhh
Be an annoying, lazy worker? Cease to exist.
Broke my brothers LEGO set
My brother is being a dick, so I reward him with more work.
Kid with a megaphone learns a lesson in physics
Peppa your anoose
People quitting their jobs in original ways
Ghosts!
Call me while I'm sleeping? Let me call you when you're sleeping!
Yes
Snooping? Guess I'll have to change that
Greedy housemates petty revenge
Waste my time? Have fun working on your own.
Revenge of the Llamas
Snitched, he's now a bit** in everyones eyes.
Annoying coworker revenge. Really petty revenge.
My boss sent me a bluntly worded email reprimanding me for not completing a task on time. The following week he made the same mistake so I copy and pasted the email he sent me, only switching our names. He cracked.
I exposed a girl for having fake followers on instagram
Creep what I'm doing on my phone? Fine, I'll brows /r/spacedicks.
My sister's bully tell my sister her TikTok password. So every one in a while she deletes one.
Don't mess with the people who handle your food!
Boss sends a text to the wrong person (me).
Send your sexy beauties to snapa-tit! Girls, you know what to do ;)
He slept with the girl I was trying to date so I stole a small bag of weed from him, but more importantly I robbed him of his piece of mind.
Parking problem solved
The Missing key
I had her seeing red. (Warning: gross)
Slow walker
This was very nice to see
Guy is an ash-hole in the grocery store line... I rat out his attempted shoplifting
a four year old cheeky disposal of a wedding ring and it's four replacements
Bully a barman? Bring in the crew.
Idiot Fake Handicap (warning - rant)
Trusting a person you crossed is no good idea.
Probably went unnoticed by my teacher, but that's what makes my revenge even more petty.
Nicotine addiction is no excuse to be a bitch.
"think of that next time you belittle someone at their workplace"
Lazy neighbors waking up the baby every day, getting petty revenge
Grocery Checkout Revenge
Petty revenge, musician style
Tailgate me? Enjoy your ticket.
annoying mom
What!! You dont like kites?
You Think You Know Everything? Naw, Bruh
Getting roommate to clean up his act
Work Ghosted Me And Stopped Giving Me Shifts. So I Did The Thing They Hated Most
Revenge on a real estate agent
I will shame you...
Insane ex roommate
Annoying seatmate on 8 hour redeye flight
Ill teach him to scare the living s*** out of me.
Performance Review
Spoiling the Spoiler
Housemate didn't wash dishes, and didn't clean shower. Chemical warfare ensued
horrible EX hurts his own feelings turning up at my work
make my room smell like shit? Have fun finding your phone.
Be quite loud? No credit card for you.
The Lady in Red
Everyone is patiently waiting in traffic, you should be too
Potty Training
I'm not looking to be petty, I wanna ask the masters what to look out for.
Want to me to do extra work?
Luggage revenge
Invisible butterflies and Bumpity bump bump bump!
Payback via steam bath
Park in a handicapped spot... Welcome to your bad time.
Take advantage of my love for you? I'll scare you at 4pm every afternoon.
Dont Be Nice, Pay The Price
Why you shouldn't say no to going to the bathroom.
Revenge on annoying kid
Petty revenge on Casino Karen
Call me out for not doing any work?
Revenge against "Extreme Couponers"
Sorry, Not Sorry
Piss pop
Take your snow back!
Park over the line? Acknowledge your mistakes
Shovel out your own damn parking spot
Overcharge me on property taxes? Have fun NOT seeing any money from me.
The school counselor called me a liar.
Told guy I'd give him a ride home, makes mess in my car, I leave him stranded
Don't want to stop sending me junkmail? ok!
Be a better roommate and maybe you'll stop taking resin hits
Oh, here, let me fix that for you.
Oh, so you won’t turn the music down?
Petty roommate fight
Friend is Butt, So I Very Much Scare Him!
Shitty Parking
Locker room revenge
Hope you enjoy awkward silence and blank stares
Ruin my view and my show after I tried to be an adult? GAME ON BUDDY!
How to get rid of a drunk pervert
Annoy this person
A bus driver's revenge....
There! Now we both feel like shit.
You stink and you're mean.
We do not all look alike
Bad neighbor
Mess with my vacation.........you'll regert it
Try and blackmail me because of a mental health crisis? I take away your privileges,Reputation and get you suspended!
No bottle deposit, not bottle
You don't want to talk to me? OK!
Petty Revenge with a Screensaver
Weeaboo Body Pillow Revenge
You caused me to have a bad panic attack over a dance routine. Watch me be better at itGet revenge on teacher
Wanna treat women like crap? Have fun getting tested for an STD.
Threaten me in front of everyone and Get arrested... that’s life friend
Ikea
How i got someone fired
Out-hogging the Gym Hog
Freak out my fiancée? No internet for you.
Oh, you need your money right NOW?
How I deal with bullies and a thieves :)
You do not want me in this section again? Ok, fine...
Months-long parking struggle resolved with a tow truck
Think you are better than everyone? Enjoy half of your paycheck.
Shove me in the subway, bitch? Enjoy my meat in your face!
Anon shows ex girlfriend who is boss (x-post r/4chan)
Racist customer wants a different agent to speak to? Ill give you a different agent to speak to
Smile! You're on Candid Camera.
Biology.
I thought she was the one...turns out, I was right.
Mustard Design
Make my life hell and eat my food? Prepare to get burned.
Watch Out For Your Cornhole
I need your help.
Explicit music playing in bar, revenge on new management.
The 3 time couch crasher returns and time He's gone for good.
Not so sweet red revenge...
Cuss and rush me, I'll go slow-mo
Life is a journey, not a destination.
You can't build a computer as well as my guy friend
Drive me crazy? I'll drive YOU crazy.
I'm not in a position to do tit-for-tat, but I had to, anyway.
The speechless colleague
i don't get angry
My boss's office is getting filled with balloons as I type this.
Rude to workers = petty revenge
Any cashback? How about NO.
Good luck cooking &amp; have fun going commando
Think you can scam me? I know more about you than you think.
Do into others as you would want them to do onto you.
Don't send me lists I can't copy and paste.
I was an asshole, but it's fine, my boss got me back.
How do I get back at my cunt bag of a sister?
/u/CastanhasDoPara Gets petty.
Chem suit nightmare
Should I send my ex to county jail for a longer amount of time?
Don't be an ass about making change next time.
Be an entitled piece of shit, have a little push.
Lady screams at me for driving so I wake her up a bunch of times
You think my mom is raising a killer?
Asshole lady cut in line at Disney so I cut in front of her
Annoy me? I'll give you a note
I create fake accounts and write horrible reviews on a restaurant that I used to work at from the perspective of a middle aged white woman.
I didn’t help the guy at goodwill that was being a jerk to me.
Push me while we’re in line? Enjoy my glacial pace.
Aunt Thinks COVID Is Hoax, Skips My Wedding
Deliberately treat me like an asshole? Enjoy driving across the state!
In a hurry? Enjoy the wait.
Enjoy your nap, fluffy cat
Send nudes to my best friend reverse uno card.
aight
Would you like a decaf?
Kitchen Drama
Make me feel bad about my GPA enjoy freaking out over bad grade
Don't respond to my bad times in your building? Enjoy me asking you about them as you show potential tenants around the building.
About as petty as it gets.
My Evil Younger Self's Revenge
The best photobomb ever.
Psycho ex-girlfriend wouldn't leave me alone
Wait for your food, don't be rude.
Petty breakup
Should I expose my former bosses?
Entitled Boss tries to steal from me
The Nanohabit™ Handbook is now available! Become something greater.
Quiet revenge on a high school bully
Cops want to use my dads driveway as speed trap. Icy window for you.
my little victory ft. pervy middle schoolers
Fat bitch was unpleasant in class, so I took her muffin.
Anyone have a Megadick for a father
You almost caused our entire group to fail...have fun failing on your own!
Use my shit and get shit on.
Proving my childhood bullies wrong
Flatmate dramatically moves out, takes pretty much everything with him
I only like her negative posts
Bad neighbour plays loud music so I blast Minecraft, animal crossing etc back
Standing in Line
Steal a wallet from my store? Lose $50 in gift cards.
Going to ride my ass during morning rush hour while texting and speeding? Let's
You get snappy with the personal? You don't get your goddamn reindeer.
I was sick and no one cared...
Leave Crap at My Door, Have a Crappy Day
Canadian Cashier Revenge
Petty revenge on impatient drivers
Use your key
Steal my yard sign? Awaken the Yard Sign Hydra.
Circle of Life
The Pettiest Of Camp Rivalries
Bump me with your baby stroller? See you in the parking lot.
Owners steal hundreds in tips, I confront them, I get fired, mashed potatoes.
Wake me up during naps? Have fun wasting time in detention
If you want your cheap beer, please don't call me sweetie or any of your stupid pet names.
Kitty Revenge
Let there be light
You deserve it
Entitled aunt tried to barge into my room while I was changing my clothes and got her head banged against the door.
Sexist italian ice shop boss petty revenge
What to do when someone flat tires you
Gramma's Revenge
He harassed me, so I timed him out.
Stolen Computer? I will find you
UPDATE: Shelly the Lawnmower Bimbo goes to court. LAWN JUSTICE continues.
Steal my cold water? Let me give you a taste of my saltiness.
You Pressure me into writing a report? I’ll tell everyone all the stuff in that report.
You hit my car? Come back here, I want to show you something.
So you won't drive up for me to place my order?
Toxic drama-ridden Discord server gets vandalized and destroyed
Long time lurker, Just remembered a story from about a month ago.
I’ll show you where Morocco is!
Most nuclear revenge yet
Petty mirrors
Take that, you boyfriend stealing wh*re
Get your own white board.
Can't return low quality item? Give a review to drop their 4 star rating into 3.9
This is what you get for bringing dirty boots to the lockeroom
Curbing a Cheater
YSK that cashiers are required to ask you to sign up for the credit card.
Clash of the GF and the "other" GF...
Plane rides are cramped enough as it is.
From Vinyl Fraud to Public Humilation to Judge Rinder (UK TV) to Court: The Story of Carl
When they let assholes drive
My uncle is a jew
Sure, I'll do exactly what your paperwork tells me to do. xpost /r/maliciouscompliance
My time is your garbage
Annoying goober on the bus gets a loogie in the mouth
Small but worth it.
My sister fucked with my tree time.
Revenge is a dish best served petty, with soda
I don't do any work? I'll show you work.
Not sure if this is the right place for this, but this is the tale of the first drummer in my old band
Dickhead picks on me for years and makes it physical, I get him expelled from school before moving away. Proceed to break his nose a few years later.
Rude, obnoxious neighbour gets some petty revenge
Home depot credit
Play movies loudly, enjoy the buffering
Why you don't get dinner.
You forgot your card asshole.
Garage revenge I knew nothing about. Initially.
Kids break into my house? I don’t think so...
Don't drive 10mph under the speed limit.
Mess with me an you get the poop
Hope you had fun straightening your bras
Person didn't turn off their laptop... Bad move.
Don't piss about
Hot dog? Jumping frog!
Try to blind me? Feel the burn, baby!
My personal victory against a scalper
I thought about buying Taylor Swift's album, 1989.
Being an asshole doesn't mean you're entitled to get your drink before me.
I caught my old gym teacher masterbating in his office. (in a very round about way)
Highschoolers.
Ex-wife tries to change the station on my stereo, ends up having to listen to one song she hates for the rest of the trip (x-post from /azzizzisadventures)
Slept with my ex's best friend
I'm Afraid The Young Man Is Dissatisfied
Coffee wars
Cut in line? I will waste your time.
Dog revenge
Left work two hours early on my last day... in the middle of a rush
half full
I got a lady's Mercedes towed today because she was parked in a pizza delivery driver's spot for over two hours
Upstairs neighbors loud noises
This is “I’m about to” petty revenge. Please give input if you have any.
Cataan.
Rude Customer Gets Charged Extra.
Revenge against babysitter's daughter
How My Sister and I Made Three Cheaters Rage Quit (Short)
Craigslist dude a No Show? Hmpft.... Payback time.
Put your jacket on my wife’s seat? I’ll make it disappear.
Refuse to acknowledge my request? You’ll have to travel to pick up your online orders now.
Another round of petty revenge with the hardware store.
So you let your dog go wild with our garbage?
Treat me like garbage? Have fun with that.
I grow peppers. Fuck with me.
The 'Kill Bob's Radio' fund.
Watch your language
I saved a girl from getting hit by a truck (somewhat accidentally) and she stole all my shit and left me unconscious, so I started an... interesting rumor ab her and kinda “catfished” her as a joke, got out of hand and ended up ruining her high school experience.
Oh ok, I'll move slower.
The Mouthwash Chronicles
My worst first date
YELL BRICK ON FREE THROW SCORE 30 ON YOU
Customer makes a sexist assumption, I get my pettiest revenge yet
Karma Revenge
My co-worker's unintentional petty revenge.
Obnoxiousness, thy name is Witch...
Will I help you? Eh.... (X-post from r/TalesFromRetail)
(POST CONTAINS NO SPOILERS) Star wars spoiler petty revenge
Use the pager system to talk shit about me?
Extreme frustration leads to egging/introspection
Revenge after googling my ex
Gonna fake my suicide to fuck with ex in LDR.
You honk at me you flip the asshole switch
TSA's going to unpack my bag while they search it? Fine, they can re-pack everything too.
Brothers a jackass so he doesn't get any clean clothes
My Dumb Brothers
UPS has hired McKinsey to lay off 10% of corporate emploees
A racist lady gets fired from her job.
Metro chronicles: Obnoxious lady on phone.
Don't piss off the regulars....
If you're a bad pet owner, you're gonna have a bad time...
No means NO!!
Redditor abuses report function, gets comments removed.
I won’t accept your email receipt.
Bully attacks me for wanting to get to my locker, gets expelled.
Rat on me and I'll make sure you get scolded for 90 minutes straight.
Oh, you work from home and need electricity?
My exhusband WAS. Addicted to porn. I would log into his router and block all his devices from access. Right before the cable guy would come out I would set it back until a few hours after they left and then ..oops it would be out again. He wAs so pissed ! It was the best time ever!
Don't spam someone's email box with your bullshit.
Don't hoard cars if you can't park them without being an asshole.
Spend Money On My Account? Looks Like I Messed Something Up And You Have To Pay Me.
A creepy guy tried to bully me to impress my underage friend, so I turned the tables on him and ruined his reputation.
Should I report a racist peace officer? how do I go about it?
Make my daughter cry, enjoy shitting yourself
Turned ex best friend’s Netflix unreadable
Sketchy car dealer, bought a car next door.
I hope her kid was crying and they had to go look for her...
Guy wakes us up every morning, can’t get a good sleep
Company who stole op's products and asked him to write an instruction guide for them gets deliciously owned
This is America!
Harass me at work? Enjoy my saliva.
I can't even remember what the guy did to me, but I remember being petty.
Wanna Bully Me? Enjoy Being Expelled
Yeah, this may be illegal, but that’s not what I’m asking. Hypothetically. Read back story!
Ignore Requests To Quiet Down? Sure, I'm Calling 911.
Screw you, D****n.
Sticky fingers.
Blast your stereo while my baby sleeps? Enjoy the choir!
Teach you for reversing down a one way street
Got my brother grounded
In which revenge high leaves you giddy and evil.
I hope they dropped it in revulsion and immediately had to wash their hands repeatedly.
Passive Aggressive Co-worker Bitches Behind Our Backs
Steal my noise-maker?! You shall pay with my vengeance: more noise
Being positive is the best way to deal with negative people.
Think I'm gonna do your laundry for you? Think again.
Annoying Spanish teacher
Take your time
If the hat fits...
Don't piss off your tent-mates in a combat zone
I didn't even want more coffee...
I take down the prime minister a notch.
Try to scam me by sending me something different from what I ordered? Enjoy losing your money
Inconvenience me for years? I'll make your morning annoying.
Revenge at the Chess Tournament
I am not your personal bank
Destroying the eardrums of a entitled idiot
Eye for an Eye, spoil for spoil
"Yeah, not gonna happen."
Criticize everything I cook? keep enjoying my food.
Drive like a dick? Enjoy waiting in line
Won't take my offer? You should have taken it.
You want to leave me? You'll never go on the date with her now!!
No Ma’am, trying to disrespectfully tell somebody IN ANOTHER LANGUAGE to get off a bus will get you a seat on said bus, just because they’re younger then you.
That's gonna sting!
Annoying lady with change
Be a bitch? Step in spit.
Revenge for whiney prat of a sister?
lord almighty
Bad Beef.
Saved by the siren
Barbie girls late night parties
Playful Revenge
The Picard Flute Song Causes a Stuck Up Bitch to Miss Out on $5k and a Relationship with Her Father
Don’t Mess With Sick People
the silent treatment..
You didn’t like that, huh...
My entire flat made my ex-roommate look like a petty bitch
Don't throw jelly beans at us!
accuse me of public pissing? good luck getting my parking spot bitch.
My last day before moving.
Taught you to stop creeping on my friend
312-463-9968 For a bad time
An Elvis Caused Them To Leave The Building
Enjoy the Thunder From Above
What's a good revenge tactic for a cheater?
Lying to impress a girl is pathetic, but involving my friend is unacceptable.
To the banshee at the self check-out lane.
Commercial revenge
I cucked a cricket.
Scream in my ear? No free games for you!
Princess the housemate
Ruin my life, I wipe with your shirt
"Smokers are Murderers"...
help me get revenge
Mom gives conductor a taste of his own medicine
Wet washer
Don't Cut off the Ambulance
Woman parks In front of my dads truck and trailer so my dad give me the go ahead to key her car
Broken foot. Happy snowman
Getting back at a habitually petty roommate
Ruin my side of the bathroom? Prepare to have your nose destroyed.
Bartender Sucks; Gets 2 Cent Tip
Call centre rules vs boredom = Petty Revenge paper Brachiosaurus.
Halloween Daycare
Denied him a job
Why you don’t screw around
Hope you like your mildly hotter shower
Fuck with my sick leave, I'll have the last laugh.
Don't want to voluntarily slide over to let others sit down on a crowded bus? Have fun needlessly sliding over!Ex-roommate abused my stuff, so I cost her money.
Wait for the next elevator
Don’t play by the rules, get ready for some pain
I Tricked A Girl Into Believing That The Moon Was Made Out Of Cheese
Tit for gaseous tat.
Craigslist revenge
Wake me repeatedly with your gaming rage, enjoy losing your rank.
Dont Park in front of a Fire Hydrant...
Customer Flips out over the word 'courtesy', loses out on fee waiver
Can't move your car because you're sleeping..?
Real Estate Revenge
Bookie Revenge on Coworker
Revenge is a dish best served with...Monopoly money?
If you gonna be a dick, I'll give you a dick.
You scam my best friend? Ill ill scam you harder.
I quit.
If you're not going to keep things clean, I'm not going to let you watch Game of Thrones finale!
Substitute teacher says persons name is spelled wrong.
Guy gets stranded for being a jerk
Ol' Hairy Legs
If you don't like the warm-up band, don't ruin it for everyone else.
Bitch I Used To Like
Thief got the tables turned on him
You treat your own pet like shit because it doesn't understand you completely? I down vote your shit.
My landlord's petty teacup revenge
Winner Winner Chicken Dinner
Ratted out lady to her boss’s boss accidentally.
Hit on me after your relationship ends? Have fun getting shot down continuously
Mess up my home? I turn you into youtube!
Sounds like a brag but I'm actually a bit ashamed.
A student’s petty revenge against a crappy landlady
StoryTime: My boyfriend got evicted because his neighbor's were mad we had a 3some... and it got petty.
Dishes revenge.
Unfortunately, parental controls can only do so much
See if you can do this job without me.
You keep making me feel unwanted and stupid? Have fun smelling like spoiled milk.
People won’t break down their boxes.
Want me to move when I can't? Good luck moving when I can. haha
Ten dollars in the tin
Make me wait for you, and then you'll have to wait for me.
Smelly cigarettes for you
Store owner canceled our Christmas party to buy a motorcycle.
Bother Me at 6PM? Have Fun Waiting.
Leave me to clear up on my own? Get no cake..
Someone used my email for an order online...
Here is your change, ma'am.
Well that got him up. The universe is balanced.
Make me hate myself? Here's some kitchen roll
revenge of the washer fluid
She Dyed his Hands Orange
Teacher got petty revenge by "shooting" my dad.Complain about the sale % not being enough and being rude at checkout? Now you have to wait with your sour puss.
My ex is being a dick, calling me psycho for having feelings, threatening to get a restraining order for harassment’ and gaslighting me so...:
Glad to see you’re still working in that shitty ass job. I’m loving it!
Sure, I'll turn off your detailed billing
I ruin a bunch of kids day
Offload your passenger in a douchey spot? Turns out I’m not in a rush.
TLDR; my con man father is on house arrest with watching DVDs on daughter's Xbox as his only form of entertainment. He cusses me out so I leave and take the Xbox with me.
Enjoy the heat!!!!!
Cousin ruins aunt's reputation
Be an ass while you are trying to scam me? Okay, I'll piss you off for 70 minutes straight.
Take that,
Pretty long story: EK frames us for a crime he commited, forgets that we have him on tape committing the crime, and embarrass him in public
I Exposed a Cheater
NEED HELP neighbor keeps backing up into my car.
Stop breaking the fucking fence.
My HOA fined me for a decoration that had been out for three years. My cousin owns a sign shop. I put this out at the entrance of my neighborhood before all the open houses. My HOA is also the builder.
Confusing Pen RevengeCon me out of a good seat? Enjoy your search for your carry-on bag.
Make me feel like a worthless daughter?
The bully.
No sleep for me? No breakfast for you.
Supermarket Quandary: Where does the hand basket go?
Over Half of My Class Received A C...Oops
So you want to gripe about parking spots?
We don't need a recap of every episode of Big Brother.
I have access to their email, what can I do?
Petty Puerto Rican Revenge
Drunk Neighbor Flashes a Police Officer- Gets Arrested!
My ex slept with my best friend
〘 Abam34.cøm 〙 아찔한밤 〘대림역오피〙
"Can you make less noise when you eat?"
Think you're petty by taking my birthday off if I won't give you Father's Day? Honey, I'm the queen of petty.
Enjoy your sticky window, Asshole.
I was head over heals for a player.
Extra extra extra extra sauce at Taco Bell (x-post from /r/4chan)
I've been in a silent "shit fight" with my roommate for months
I set parental controls on my roommate’s devices so he can’t access the internet
Don’t bother me when I’m sleeping
Maybe stop next time
Story of my ex-crush being a bitch to me.
Why you make friends with service people
A kid gave me his rare lizzard and cried when I didn't give it back
Don't keep your word? Good luck sleeping!
My Brother got mad at me.
Bakery minion bitches at an outranking officer and reaps her rewards
Fine, treat our roommate like shit, I need some food anyway.
No tip? Extra messages!
Mess With Me And My Friends? Fall For The Classic
Misspell my name in an email?
Act like a jerk to me and i'll slightly inconvienience you.
when in doubt, call that one cousin who loves pulling petty sh*t.
Be a bad neighbor? So can I... 😏
Hog all the parking at the top of the hill? Enjoy waiting to get out of the driveway!Karen At The Pharmacy
Use my stuff after I asked you to stop? Have fun with your rash
Why just why r/pettyrevenge
A petty revenge on petty waiter
Spray the outside of my car, I'll get the inside of yours.
short and sweet car revenge
My landlord is a control freak
I pissed all over my stepdads dress pants. Cross post from r/confessions (my own)
Being a bitch = slow internet
Neighbor plays the “it’s on my property” game. I can play that game too.
Petty cleaning revenge
So you forgot to bring your pen...
Basic revenge for infidelity.
Don't drive in the bus lane
Cruise control vs inability to regulate speed
Restaurant Server Petty Revenge
Stalk me in the parking lot? Have fun waiting 5 minutes.
Saying I am taking to long on a test. Let me take longer.
Roommate smoked some of my weed without asking.
My response to a Happy New Year 2020 email from an H&amp;R accountant.
Don't want cold pizza? Don't get me pulled over in your shi!t truck.
Be mean to me? Ok
That 'taint' toothpaste.
Real estate ruined my state so now I report every single ad I see as a scam.
Help need, legal petty revenge best
Today I prevailed with a free lunch
Fine be a bitch, I'll make sure it takes you longer to do your job then.
Yell at my dog for sniffing you tree see what happeneds when you come and sit on my bench
You want to complain about me? Ill give you something to complain about.
Make me wait three seconds for the bread? I'll make you wait three seconds for the bean salad
Roommates get passive aggressive - I win in the end.
Up late being loud and drunk? Enjoy your no-call no-show.
Signed popular kid up for a bunch of gay porn games using his school email, he got suspended for three days.
Enjoy the spam
Where I work making it difficult to have a water bottle on the job.
Not getting any satisfaction from me.
Bully should have picked on someone his own size
Dealing with an unwanted roommate. Part 2
Kneel Before Me
"We're a farm business, we don't have to pay minimum wage"
Do your dishes dummy
Poo handle
Clean Your Own Glassware
revenge on a back-stabbing girlfriend
Good luck getting home
Am I terrible person for not wanting to Babysit? Need some advice!
Some annoying kid
My Friend thought it be funny to mix a few red socks with my whites. A few hours before his date I hid all his clothes and replaced them with my girl clothes.
Keep waking me up? Well have a shitty morning.
Stupid tuba player
Have fun with your pink clothes!
Steal my Mardi Gras beads? I don't think so.
Captain Dickhead and the Slow-Ass Elevator
No Netflix for you
How my brother and I let our bully drink cologne
Funny Videos
Petty to the person I’m dating.
Be a terrible coworker? Get less tips.
Ants and Salty Coffee
Noisy Neighbours
Asshole Accountant
I don't think he'll tailgate after that...
Don't touch the message or he'll pull a gun on you
Someone bought the domain retard.com and has it redirect anyone who visits to a Facebook search for Stephen Cesaro
Petty toilet paper revenge....on me
Bosses fired my assistant, ended up bankrupting them and rheir business
I love my life
This guy charged back my friends business and now he is down 1k due to shitty support from paypal
Just setup for freelance and my first interaction was negative
Am I still a Failure?
My Great-Great-Uncle's Petty Revenge
Feminized guy friend
Try and crash our nude beach? I'm about to make you very uncomfortable
Petty revenge against crappy bar staff.
Harass Me all night. Have fun looking for a Job $200 short
Lo, I shall tell you the tale of the Student Nurse, the Drunk, and the Drug Dealer.
Let the emails flow
I thank fuckwad for being such a great guy, and try my darndest to give him a great restaurant experience.
I turn my mistake into some nasty tasting revenge
My new boss forced me to work for another department and tries to swindle me out of money so he could look good for his superiors. Ends up showing the opposite.
Took the long way home and luckily got an impatient tailgater stuck behind a bus
Come to my room almost naked? You won't forget it...
My mom got her revenge on me.
Try to leave the store before people notice the poop your dog left on the floor? Nope!
I hope you fight over that bread.
Be rude when you dialed the wrong number? I'll make a joke at your expense.
I destroyed my friend's phonr
My stupid Kevin brother refused to turn down the volume during my class, so I made him regret it!!!
Make me wait around all day for a package? I'm not signing it.
Highschooler tries to sell my boyfriend a faulty item and dodges contact for returning it. So I contact his mom.
Subtle revenge on annoying customers
Won't train your obnoxious dog? Maybe you should feel the consequences too.
It's so easy to follow the rules... and easy to follow the consequences
Bank of America was just plain awful, so I got them good...
Let your dog shit on my doorstep?
Crappy People get to use Crappy Tools.
Ride my ass, I slow down
Try to squeeze more money out of me? I squeeze back.
I need to vent and advice
Damn Phishing Emails!!!.... Wait..
Educating people on what happens when they park badly.
F u bitch.. I got pickles..
Don't be a douche in your company car.
Thou shalt not try to have sex with my boyfriend.
Me being petty the fist time in my adult life about my dog
Scummy neighbor tries to damage property
Steal from My 3yr old and you May Lose it all
When someone takes pettyrevenge against you
"Don't eat my cake!"
My 5 over isn't enough to keep you from losing your mind? It'd be a shame if you got delayed...
actual petty revenge
Tailgate Revenge 101
Take up two parking spaces on a busy parking lot? (NSFW Language)
Found out SO lied to me, I delete collection
Trick or treat?
I`m tired of my friend, who is sending me snaps of him training.
Roommate being belligerent?! No prob, I got this ;)
If not being nice to you means we're gay then yes, hell, why not? We're gay
My reddit stalker reposted my photo, and I found out that you can edit your photos in Imgur.
Warzone with the boys
You just stalked the wrong person
What you don't have a camera?
Talking during a comedy show?
Urine lemonade
Reddit Community Please Help
The Rise and Fall of Crusty Kristy
try to grab my IP and scam me? good luck getting banned
Please help me for a petty revenge against my neighbors
Kitty! I've got a treat for you!
Cut me off? See you in a little while.
Threw up in a bag on the bus
my small petty revenge story
Does anyone want to help me get some pettyrevenge
Friendly Fire
Ex Brother in law skips child support to spend big money on fishing? How about I beat you at your own game with a snoopy pole.
You make fun of me taking Prozac? I'm going to poison your cactus.
I’m battling a redditor because he reported me on reddit and I do not like that because that makes me mad
Can I change my WiFi to “fuck “neighbors name”? Wondering if you guys would think it’s harassment?
My GF of one year cheated on me in the beginning of our relationship so I cheated on her for months then dumped her.
Casual Driving
I made money off my girlfriend cheating on me.
She ignored me so I told her I was her supervisor
Short and sweet, traffic revenge
Tennis club manager humiliates entitled customer
Connect a rogue wifi AP and then lie about it? Enjoy your circa 1989 bandwidth.
Rudely demand I send someone out right now? I'll make sure to take thorough notes.
Try to cut in front of me? Let me waste some of your time.
Touch my station? I’ll make sure you never get caffeine again
My influencer friend facetuned me in a picture, so I exposed her
Help ruining my ex’s relationship/life
Talk crap about me on twitter? I will make you fail your semester
Let's see you delete these poems now!
Oh, I'm sorry. Did you think I was turning?
Ex wanted me out of his party.. 8 years later, I threw a big one and left him out.
Trying to sabotage me finding a new place to live? Enjoy your huge TV license fine.
wasting a few minutes of time with referrals
Stand idly by while an underpaid clerk bags your groceries? Feel the icy hand of petty revenge.
Oh it's your policy??
Need Petty Revenge Ideas
Fly free Butterfree
Neighbor makes the mistake of believing he can invade our privacy whenever he wants... gets rude awakening
Bully me for a year? enjoy getting knocked out in front of the whole school
Crappy sister revenge
Where did dooky head learn his road driving etiquette?
How my best friend killed two birds with one stone
My ex
Lots of attitude and no ID? Don't worry, I'll take care of you.
An asshole
I had a mean manager so I got her back
Stole my friend’s LEGOs, instantly regret it
I don’t know if I should be petty or not. I have always been the bigger person
End of the year gift was given to everybody. Well almost every body.
A guy insulted his teammate, so he helped my team win.
Freak out while driving and endanger both your family and me? Enjoy being very deliberately and safely tailgated for 20 miles.
The pettiest of petty revenge, scrabble-style.
Threaten to cut my phone line? Karma's got me covered.
Speed Bump versus the Body Kit.
Spend your time coming up with creative ways to scare me? I’ll give you a complex.
You probably shouldn't insult your yoga instructor's family.
Stop me from sleeping? Have some penis.
It didn't change a thing, but for that moment, I felt so much better...
Try to destroy my manga books and steal my beys well I guess you lost your monthly rent !
Keep stealing my lunch? Enjoy his sandwich witch Carolina Reapers and Ghost Pepper Extract.
Got sold a broken piano
Don't make your kid pickup after himself? You have to wait.
Here have a drink
Pretty Revenge at its best
I'm sitting 20ft from you, but you are going to wait on hold anyway
Revenge on bitchy roommate?
My oh my
Minor victory for this cyclist
Suffer in awkward silence.
Not necessarily revenge but more about people getting what they deserve. I got the whole night crew i was working with at a fast food restaurant fired.
Just annoying enough?
"No soda. Only tea--with no cream."
Slow ride
My Friend's Revenge Against His Uncle
Moocher 3
the express line at Costco
I TOLD YOU I DIDN'T PISS BEHIND THE TOILET!
The Robin Hood of Donuts
My petty revenge from the days of yore!
My story of revenge on my inconsiderate roommate.Idiot at a party decides to bullshit to look big, gets asked politely not to be so rude.
Oh, so you don't have a name?
Premium for life
Petty RuneScape Revenge.
Work revenge
Aparments. The gateway to Inferno.
Why didn't we think of this earlier.
Fail almost all of our class? I don't think so...
Middle school revenge(sortof)
Hide your toothbrush
Fun at the Airport
I shit in my ex's sinkHousemate kicked me out over a roll up cigarette 😂
Stolen water bottle
Take up two staff parking spaces??? Have a few carts as well!
Munchies Revenge
I had the most satisfying petty revenge yesterday
Get of our waves!
Revenge request!
Revenge on Lazy Servers
Enjoy your two tickets/fines
Are you allergic to manners, too?
No one takes my candy!
There's no reason you shouldn't work hard even when you're being punished.
I'm sorry reddit, but try to hear me out; I spit on a cat.
BEWARE OF LOCAL SPEED TRAPS!
My cousin called and asked if I would loan her £300.00 to help her pay her rent.
the other end of petty revenge
Planning to fire me after Christmas? Enjoy your guilt-laden present.
Well, "important" person, I hope you have no where important to go....
Oh, you can't get your car alarm to stop going off at all hours of the night? Let me help you.
Bristol man gets revenge by texting works of Shakespeare to rogue internet seller - The Bristol Post
Now everyone can enjoy your plane!
You don't top up gas here? Try and figure it out anyway!
Sorry I didn't find a ring.
This post on imgur.
You think it's okay to almost run me over? I guess you'll look extra sparkly for the next few weeks.
Airsoft War
Oh, the meeting was supposed to be private?!
Rehearse to this.
Be a rude bitch in my convenience store, and you will be INconvenienced
I owe rent money? Ok.
Person I babysit for is tossing me aside a lot.
I accidentally texted my best friend’s ex &amp; I had to be a little petty
how to deal with hot GF's who break up with you
Be a shitty person to my wife, sit in a shit cloud.
Karen swims with the fish
Break up with me, ok. Try and take my best friend (and fail), have fun with your friends later
Bubble heads, bubble cars and diesel
Hope you like glitter
This sub has turned to shit.
Today ordering a salad at Subway
House hunting turned itchy
Just another roommate's petty revenge
How to enact revenge on my annoying neighbor?
Talk loudly during my son's music lesson about this afternoon's football game you don't want to be late for??
Don't fuck with my friends
I am looking for advice!
Ticket me, will you?
Only do your job for him? I’ll make you regret that.
Face my grammatical wrath!
All Nighter? I Can Do That, Too.
My students kicked my ex students butts at competition
My aunt was done with my Grandpa's shit.
Repost from r/ProRevenge: DON'T MESS WITH MY HAT
Help me get petty revenge on my neighbor
entitled arse gets his price doubled
How not to eat soup out here
Buy me one valentine's gift as a joke? You've just made a grave mistake...
Mess with my family? My Grandfather will give you a heartattack.
Enjoy six months of "inexplicable" internet outages.
Dear scumbag COO, I am never not flipping you off.
Steal from me? I'm an agent of karma.
Cheat on me, play with my head, and lie on me? Enjoy your night.
Instant Revenge
Be a half ass all the time? I'll show you.
Schooltime Revenge
Don't screw with my independence day
Make fun of then I ruin your project
Treat me poorly I'll make your life difficult (Stories from my meat department days)
My continuous parking revenge.
Made My EX-GF's Family Aware of Her Cheating
Split-Second Petty Revenge
Help? How to troll a website that is obviously scamming people.
You dare steal then hide my phone? Fine, I'll waste your time too then!
Cut my line? Karma will get you and I won't even have to lift a finger.
Getting revenge on the kid who strangled me for the swimming kit HE lost
Jock copies my test answers.
Мy truе storу аbout sеx dating
Embarrassed my abusive mom in front of everyone
I create profiles and leave bad reviews for a pawn shop that screwed me.
You think I'm over sensitive and I should have more patience with your mom? Try dealing with her!
Dealing with roommates
Embarrass me at work? Fear my wrath.
Marching Band revenge
How I got sweet revenge towards my bully/egotistical grade school teacher!
Bang on my mom's car and make my sister cry, will you?
What happens when you get on my shitlist.
Deadbeat crook
Very petty Facebook group drama.
Rude man at supermarket will get a nice surprise when he gets home
Give me attitude? Your "OMGthesearesogood!they'remyfave!" Muesli Bar gets destroyed.
Call me shit? Well now you get a membership strike.
Be careful what you hint for
break into my house... you will pay
My Grandfather DESTROYED An Algebra Teacher!
I'm leaning on a stranger because he moved the arm rest.
So, you want to show me your ass?
Don’t steal My bone
Ghost me and then try to come back into my life? Guess I'll waste your time...
Don't do the dishes? No neopets for you.
drive thru pharmacy
My most savage gaming moment.
Mother's Christmas Revenge
Friends parents get what they deserve
“Go Ahead and Dump it”
Well, they can't say that they weren't warned-multiple times.
Be a jerk in online chess. do not expect favors
No more cigarette butts!!!!
SB thinks he can trust me with his money after being a A-hole to me
A group of students are assholes on a bus the bus driver gets sweet revenge
Petty revenge advice
Don't even offer me the bed for one night?
My boss emotionally abused my girlfriend so I subscribed his email to over 500 FEMA national incident reports.
Leave me to clean YOUR mess,eh? Fines! Fines for everyone!!
Act of petty corporate revenge.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBdl8ipGY88
Excuse me, you forgot your litter
Double revenge on asshole driver
My boss tried to hide $1000+ from me
Teachers, TAs, Collage Professors:What Sweet Revenge did you unleash upon You "That Student"?
FUCK YOUR CAR BITCH
But who was the victor...?
Roommate situation
Neighbors won't stop annoying the neighborhood, gets party ruined
My mom didn’t buy me Chinese food so I had her accept court papers.
I told them to clean up after themselves
Don't touch my laundry.
Enjoy your walk hunny!
The Bank Job Applicarion
How I made a kid fail 5 straight tests as he tried to copy off me.
In Through the Out Door?
Felt good to witness that cold stare of disbelief in her face..
You have 8 dogs and can’t be bothered to put the poop in a bag instead of my yard? Yeah, it’s going right back to you buddy!
Cut in front of me in the lunch line? Okay.
Made a kid drink glue when i was 7
Chemist lady was rude towards me and made my cry so I gave her lots of work to do.
Most expensive revenge?
I annoyed my sister and her friend, in a towel. (Revenge ON me)
Dry hump on my hood? Enjoy your trip, see you next fall.
No Happy Birthday for You.
Shitty Librarian
Bylaw loophole
Treat your waitress like crap you will not be happy with your food.
Kids will be kids? Part II - Liar gets backed into a corner.
Don't want to wear marching outfits? Have fun leaving the country.
Is my music too loud?
Ghost tries to take some tickets.
Eat my cookies, will you?
Dad Knocks A Bully's Lights Out And Scars Him For Life
Want me to pay the entry fee? Fine, but I won't win
Let them drink skim
Revenge for not cleaning up after your son.
Enjoy your first poop of the new year...
Revenge on a rude teacher
There's always a way to get you back
You shouldn't steal food out of someone's desk at work
Racist Douche Gets Embarassed
Just removed middle school bully from facebook rummage site
I annoy annoying kids
Be a REALLY dicky neighbor have MORE than petty revenge
Dumb your work on us and waste everyone's time chatting about nothing? Just wait!
The best revenge is success.
My friend's petty revenge.
I love being this petty.
Break my heart? i'll put yours back together and smash it.
Don't help me all day? I have the fix for that.
Come home for spring break and spread your moodiness all over me? Watch me post pix on fb of all your favorite dishes I'm making... after you leave!
How I got a class of perverts locked out of everything.
Made them wait
I subscribed to T-Series because I’m annoyed by all the subscribe to PewDiePie stuff.
Trying to push your work off on me only creates more work for yourself
Happy To Oblige
Have a nice trip!
Petty revenge for shitty parking...Have a nice day
Floormate treats the cleaning staff like shit.
Mom embarrassed a Dutch banker. 4 Years later he sets perfect trap for her.
Took back my desk
Blame My Husband? Screw Your Perfect Record.
I'll buy you food, if you know what I mean.
Burnt toast? Don't mind if I do
Want to not control your brats and scream at the librarian? Hope you like lost fees bitch
petty revenge high school style
Make me track down your clothes, I take all your money.
Sorry, that's not MY job!
Burn in Helvetica
I had to use my final resort
Rip-off your paperboy? Drive a couple miles every day to get your paper thereafter.
You park like a c**t
The birds do my bidding.
Best served cold.
Loud neighbor?
How I Got Back At My Dickhead Neighbours
Talk over my head? Have a few more emails.
Hope you liked getting dragged down stairs
This happens often.
Refuse to cut some plants? Pay up
My ex-convict father in law treated me like shit throughout my pregnancy, I left him a goodbye present
SIL takes action on Rude Lady
My grandma won't be making deviled eggs this year.
Stay right there cause I just called the police
Need help getting revenge
I was the reason why my BFF broke up with his BF.
I get into a prank war - roommate gets caught in the crossfire. Hulk SMASH
Landlord takes my sisters drinks out of the fridge when I was helping her move on a hot day
My jello
Leave your soggy washcloth in the shower? I'll give you a cold awakening.
Snowplow driver gets what is coming to him
Tiny vengeance against vulgar yuppies
Want me to move? Don't start by muttering obscenities which I can hear only 30 meters away for a start.
Scammer almost scammed my grandma
Return of the Socks
Managed to Expose my Sister-in-law
A picture is worth a thousand words
girl in HS constantly tried to make me feel like shit
Fat kid rubs nasty Dorito fingers, say goodbye to gym clothes
“I don’t know, I might be a faggot, but...”
Pissed off a Posho for the fun of it
Screw over the barista? Screw over your morning.
Few short revenges
Step mother wants to be a huge monster my entire childhood? Sleep in the handicapped cabin.
Hey reddit. Help me blow up this harassing scammer 508-621-7315
Boyfriend revenge for "poops" excuse
Well if you hadn't raised the prices...
Why the fuck you lying?! GTFO with yo' lying ass lol
Upset me before you go to work?
My ex tried to lead me on, so i did it better
The feel-good petty revenge
A little revenge before leaving toxic co-workers
Break the rules. Break your computer.
If you don't shut up, I'll hang up
Screw up the entire class, will you?
Want to be a shitty landlord? Then pay me to clean my own apartment.
If I can't park my car there, neither can you.
Exposed English Professor for unmitigated bullshit
Nope, we're not going to help you abuse your cat again
Sax Player wants to play not nice with the drummer. :D
Man writes "Screwed by the Town of Cary" in neon paint on his house
I never take bullshit in school
My revenge hurt me, but felt too good.
I didn't join this mailing list
Think your bills are a mess?
Nepotism is nothing to be alarmed about
Helping the consequences along
Any annoying/weird newsletters to sign someone you hate up to?
Guy gives me a hard time AND lies to my face...
My petty revenge on a bad tipper and general douche
Audible loud peeing right above the head of my drunk, vomiting neighbour after a calling me a bitch
My wonky vacuum is more annoying than your subwoofers.
Help annoy stalker
I'm a math loser
Finally caught one of those dicks who puts fliers all over cars, and then things took a turn
Terrible Boss
You don't want to help unless you're getting the sale? See how you like this!
But you're the one who propositioned me to begin with...
My friend's roommate had sex with said friend's girlfriend and thought he got away with it
Park taking up both spaces in front of my house? I'll squeeze in three cars.
Don't make fun of a kid for breaking his arm.
Drink all of my children's juice, expect catastrophic diarrhea.
Dont want to pay your share of Utility? "Oops internet is out! But I can fix it."
Gripe at me for something that's not my fault? Have fun with your cats.
People wake us up playing music, we make sure they suffer
Your kid and his friends break stuff in my yard? My dog will get revenge.The biggest parking fine ever given
Blocked back
Can I have all your contacts? (Repost)
Bins that were paid from my account are in ex's name, after both moved out of apartment tried to let her know to cancel them so I can pay off debt.
Mom refuses to pay me for piano lessons. Has to pay me about 1.3K dollars
Throw my clothes out of the wash? Enjoy wet clothes tomorrow morning
Invite some random bimbo into my house uninvited? Have fun sleeping on the cold, uncomfortable sofa.
Fuck my upstairs neighbors... with mail.
If you're going to be a sales rep, do your job
Stop stealing my lunch!
Westboro Baptist Church gets Rick-Rolled by the Foo Fighters
Park your car in the motorcycle spot? Wait until I decide to leave
Don't like my shirt? Too bad.
No meat allowed inside the house
I used way to much tape.
Start with politics and we'll end it with lasagna
Mess with the photographer? Gain a few pounds.
She was warned, she was given an explanation. Nevertheless...
revenge for a parking bitch
Wanna block the driveway? ok.
I am going to give you a real reason to call me crazy
Unusually quick thinking by my standards - Very short.
Suck at parking? I guess you'll have to 50 point turn out of your stall.
Just let me sleep!
Want to party late into the night? Have fun waking up in the morning and shoveling.
Thank you Mr. "Asshole" Cop
Ruined Someone's Discord Server
says gonna shoot me, i make him cry
Walk slow in front of me, then smell my farts as I walk past you.
revenge on a long time bully
Don't like your Christmas present, Boss? Don't expect me to buy your wife one with the refund money, then.
Bully copies my exams so i made wrong scratch papers and he failed the subject.
I'm usually not this petty.
Do Not Hurt the Tomatoes
Ex-Wife Revenge
Punishment holdings
Forget your manners? No freebies for you!
Tour publicity can't beat me, my power is over 9000
Dear Husband, you drank the soda I put in the fridge to get cold...
When you have no choice but to wait
If you're going to reverse a PayPal payment, don't use your company's details in the first place.
This dude left a discord server for being Pinged, and I need your help for my petty revenge.
I don't even care if she sees this.
Be a Bitch to me? No Sloths for You
The usual jerk got somewhat ared bruise. Weird enough, that was me who gave it to him...
Petty revenge on the office prankster
My roommate humiliated me because I complain about his messes
2 Scoops UPDATE #3: Insult to My Intelligence
you can insult me, but not this cool anime shirt
Waste my time at the checkout line? I hope you didn't like those steaks.
Troll gets his just desserts
A circus, slashed tires and epic bladder issues
You either win the game of mobility scooters or you diet. (Greentext story Xposted from /fatpeoplestories)
Revenge on The Landlord
A woman scorned and a smelly jacket
Fun at the carnival.
Steal my expensive and treasured shampoo? You bet I'm taking it back
Don't want to be considerate and hold the elevator?
Assume I don't study because I have an active social life? Good luck on your next project.
Thanksgiving Revenge
The way my Friend Take Revenge from her Cheater Husband
A Pilot’s Revenge
I woke up at 3 am for petty reasons
So you want to fish huh?
Just a little inconvenient
Snip Snip
Soccer player intentionally hits my legs with a soccer ball after I had knee surgery. I get him suspended from the team for 2 weeks.
Whitewash your own Wikipedia page? You will regret that.
Craigslist scammer made my wife miss her chance to say good-bye to her mother.
Boomer gets rosted
Text on your phone carelessly? Enjoy my umbrella exploding in your face
Sent the cocky sales manager back in an uber :)
When Kids at school Try to threaten to bully me or Bully me
Attack of the Gullible Bully.
Why were you so rude, random person?
You're gone for a week, and each day I shall bathe my sweaty balls in your coffee mug.
Neighbors shoot themselves in the foot with lies
Get a Brand New iPhone 11 Pro
Taking advantage of my friendliness and talk bad about me? Have fun failing your class
Lady wanted to cut the line? Wait a bit longer.
Don't ask if we are done? Fine, just pay for it.
The most petty of revenges
Left lane drivers.
Revenge on roommates
Can you look for a size 0 in the back? No. No I cannot...besides, everything is already on the floor.
Lady reports coworkers for being 1-5 minutes late, gets caught coming in an hour late.
Your X-pen is secured for transport
Guy in Highschool had no idea who I was, got him back years later
Kid Flips off my dad have fun crying
Don't disrespect your Cleaning ladies!
What Good Friends Are For
Don’t want my advice asking what that is? Okay
Wanna be a jerk? Well, two can play that game
They employ idiots at Einsteins
Use my paper? Pay the price!
Brag about your car? Have some pettyrevenge, sir.
Don't mess with tall people
Ex-friend revenge from two sides
Ask me to go out of my way to deliver your boxes, then leave me out in the cold when you don't bother showing up? Don't be surprised when I stack them too high for you to reach.
Shitty customer
Your face will be forever unclean.
How I got my tenured professor fired for revenge (didnt have enough karma at the time, so repost)
Your perfume smelled like shit, so I gave you a new kind.
The best revenge is slow-cooked
A little story for you all.
*CALL TO ACTION* Help me get revenge on a restaurant that scammed me
Dog barking at all hours of the night...
Take my assigned seat and don't accommodate a simple request? Looks like you'll be moving now.
Your Clubs Are Clean Ma'am
You bullied me for 10 years, and now you reach out to me?
I guess I'll start eh?
Doggie revenge
Earlier today, my mom thought it was gonna be fun locking her medicine cabinet because she’s mad at me
Touch my bra? I get you suspended.
Complain about my sales average then try to steal my biggest sale of the day? OH NO YOU DIDN'T!!
Dont ever yell at me in front of my customers
Take your jizz shirt
Little Miss Revenge — the fall of a beauty queen
Try harder to lie... and be careful to the person you're talking with
Buy a new TV instead of paying me back? Enjoy the crappy quality.
Try to scam me? Enjoy the world's hardest guilt trip.
Rush through your phone number when calling a call center?
It's a hurricane strength door.
An influencer commits a cardinal sin
Attempted nuclear revenge gets petty in return
Get me the wrong order? I'll ruin your life.
Help me Punish this thief!
Rude to your checkout operator? You have no idea of the fury I can bring onto you
Copy of my test and accuse me ,Well enjoy detention and 0 marks on 2 (important) tests
Overcharge customers and pretend not to speak English when I make a complaint? That'll be a mess.
Rebecca Hilton Vanderbilt
Mess with me while I'm pooping and I'll give you something to be upset about...
Help with a revenge review!
Get lost Dramaqueen!!!
Grandfather gets mad that I threw away "perfectly good" outdated food, so I let him eat it.
Try to lie to get me into trouble? All of you Robux will be gone!Grosses revenge from a child
Don't make me kick your chair again
Just because you're older does NOT make you wiser.
Here, let me help you see. 👓
Quick (And Perhaps, Petty) Vengence
Keep your kid in your lap the whole flight? I will push back
Forget to use your turn signal? I'll call that "how's my driving?" number on your bumper
Advent calendar revenge
Teaching a Data Hog a Lesson
Can't keep track of my things? You can never borrow from me again.
Sorry about your workbook
crazy ex at work
No discount you say?
No street parking.
How is bbq roadkill
Waste my time, I waste yours.
So how many of you ever bit someone?
Gas Station Petty Revenge
Ignore my email? I’ll just stop showing up.
No photo release? No photos
Black Friday Karen wants to push and shove so I do some pushing of my own.
Don't be a bitch when I have access to what you eat &amp; drink
Throw garbage at me??! You’re getting a nasty surprise
I got my college to buy new trash cansRevenge has a Red Handbag
My brother is a lazy slob so I steal his weed cos he's careless.
Everything sounds the same
Leave my cereal boxes open? Hope you like stale Cheerios.
3 kinds of butthurt
"I'm going GREEN."
Manager Treats Me Like an Idiot, so I get Overtime
Incest pregnancy rumor
Don't honk at me
Sent my primary school teacher a copy of my university diploma
Don't mess with my little brother if you don't expect consequences
Park where you don't belong or for an extended period? Prepare for petty valve stem revenge.
If I let you borrow my stuff, treat it with some respect.
Ongoing petty revenge
Ask me to help you out after cutting my benefits? Ok!
The Del Taco sweet tea revenge.
You think you're entitled to service after we close? I hope you can pay.
You'll find the perfect man
Customer gets exactly what they asked for.
Don’t be rude to those who can help you
I peed in their lemonade
Theme park employees decided that a deaf person couldn't ride with hearing guests.
For a month I've been delivering my own "missed delivery" notes for UPS, it's all they leave for me
My Ex-bestfriwnd got what she deserved
Break my LEGO set I break your toy
Help me survive the next two weeks until my wedding
The Telemarketer
You wanna treat me like garbage? Say bye bye to Instagram!
The small things
Nigerian Scam Flip
The times they are a changin
You might have places to go, but I don't
A Case of Mutual Revenge with a Pet
Be a selfish ass? I'll make you get off yours.
UPDATE: co-worker stealing my adderall
Face my wrath
Being a jerk to the hostess? Get dished revenge by the cook
Try to be "the first"? Get no recognition for it
You think you can cheat on me?!
Phone petty revenge
I found a bunch of proselytizing anti-choice flyers in the bathroom at Walmart
I love seeing people take petty revenge on someone
The ***** Shutdown Prompted My Revenge
Cheating has its Downsides
Parked in my reserved spot? Have a pile of parking tickets.
Carpool spot justice from the shadows
Little One You Have Met Your Match.
Got called a fag so I figured they should meet some
Destroy my new deluxo? (A car in GTA V) That’s gonna cost ya!
Harass women have fun being made fun off
Revenge on my drunk friend with his sister
Truly Petty Revenge on my Narsisstic Mother-in-law
...Ex best friend called me creepy for no reason sooooo I threw shade at her in such a way that she can’t even give me a reply
You don’t believe me when I’m telling the truth? Guess I’ll just lie then
I left smoked salmon umderneath my terrible roomate's mattress.
Guy gets petty with rude cashier (X-post from /r/Ireland)
Patience, young padawan...
Never underestimate a guy who loves his dog and has way too much time on his hands.
Don't mess with my mom.
Help me get some petty revenge.MIL thought she paid for what she usually got...
BRO I'M FIXING!
A kindergartener's revenge
Sign me up for SMS spam? Two can play that game.
Enjoy your new phone
1st year wrestler brags about his medal only to see my 7-year collection
You take away my one ride home? I'll pretend to tell the GM about your meth addiction.
Annoying teacher? use this
Get the task done, or else
Fire me? Feel free. I still have my uniform.
Online Shopping
You don't work here
My dad bankrupted me, so I gave away my properties
A Petty Revenge double story
You stole it you keep it.
Sick of listening to someone? I've got the shirt for you!
Take up 8 street parking spots, you won't get paid.
Sorry for being old.
Dad was set up for failure, proved everyone wrong and became their boss
You're gonna bully me? Well you're not gonna get a $50 gift.
Why are my wife and i's posts being marked
Housemate made our lives hell, so I hid the tv remote.
No Free Money for Land Lady
Kid, your mommy is a bad driver.
You tell me I'm useless, I'll explode soda in your face.
Make fun of me? Make a new presentation.
The Old Bitch upstairs is back, depriving me of sleep, and this time she’s including her entire extended family
43 Reasons You Shouldn't Hack My Mom's Facebook
The thumping bass needs to stop.
Worst human being ever finally gets a little taste of karma.
Take our clothes out of the washing machine one minute after they're done? Enjoy having wet clothes!
Blanket fort destruction
My Dad's Bully Gave him a BB Gun
Ladies get mad at me for moving my canopy so I'll be in the shade, I pretend I can't understand them.
Hate on my ex-religion in the comments and harass me? Watch the whole post get removed.
Acting faaabulous to a homophobic customer
A little bit of petty roommate revenge
Leave yourself logged into the scanning machine will you? Have a dick drawing.
No pie for you! I said good day!
Take that, person who is bad at parking your car
Obey the laws, jerk.
Not really done to him, but still feels good.
Witness my incredibly petty revenge on Reddit itself!
You're not disturbing my sleep on my watch, and not on yours either!
Don't disrespect my stuff and expect to get away with it
You treat me like trash? Fine I’ll get revenge
Gum theif
First year students can be so cocky... And stupid
A Slow and Steady March towards Petty Revenge
Enjoy eating my fart particles you coffee creamer stealing bitch.
roll your eyes at me?
I work at an amusement park, guests are rude but here’s my favourite story.
The cupboard is sacred. Don't touch.
Old boss who likes their food extra spicy? No problem
Free Mulch.
Pain in the nuts.
Thread on Ask Reddit "What was the biggest verbal bitchslap you ever gave someone in an argument/conversation? (NSFW)"
Restaurant revenge AKA don't piss off your server...
Grumpy old man on the train
Postings slurs in my game? Say goodbye to your Twitch career. (Was told to Crosspost from r/ProRevenge)
Manager insults my sister, I completely ruin her day.
Art thief gets humiliated
At work we ask for emails at checkout. I ask a Sunday school teacher to spell her's out to which she responds, "Looks like we're in the second grade and can't spell." Okay, bitch. I remember your e-mail Bridgette with two t's, here's your daily dose of anal fisting and ass eating.
Keep canceling my vacation? See you next year.
Nasty neighbour with early-morning constantly-barking dog evades detection by landlord, until I found a genuine "one simple trick".
Yogurt hair
I painted my pool green after my neighbour complained about my green pool.
A fruity revenge...
Want my pizza? You can wear it then!
When a guy ghosts me, I mail him a glitter bomb.
Revenge help?!
Petty shower revenge
Homophobic Teacher gets an earful from my dad
Trash my apartment? Enjoy not using your gift cards.
So petty she probably didn't even notice.
Delete My Favorite Game I Will Delete All Games
Why yes, I appreciate your rude slovenly behavior that embodies why I can't stand my peers then or now...
Manager is left out to dry for treating me like crapSnitch and be a bitch
Don't yell at the autistic cart pusher
Ex-roomate mail denial
Bully me in elementary? I’ll sock you in the nose.
Fake Crossword Puzzles
Pushed himself out into traffic - for being a douchebag
Revenge on the last day of school
Entitled Father thinks bringing his mistress to his Son's Funeral is OK...
I quit, sent a pissed off email, and they still have to deal with me on a regular basis.
Be nasty gross and inconsiderate on the daily? Enjoy the bugs.
Swift revenge on ice.
You can't silence me.
We wait for cross walks around here. With a bartender assist.
Grocery store lady gets what she deservesKarma bites the grocery store lady in the a**
I was getting 1 I got 4 instead
MY DAD GETS REVENGE ON A PASTOR
Girl stole my moms glasses, now has to wear them.
Cheat on me? Enjoy watching the concert from my snapchat story
Take a dump before I get ready? Feel my wrath!
My couch, my rules.
Made Ramen for my girlfriend.
Easy target shoots back/AITA
Don't pick up after your dog? Fine by me.
Micromanage all you want, I'll only work slower!
Enjoy my trash and lose some cash.
A Cat Named Steve
I just got let go (for no reason) from the gym where I work, so I am remotely playing embarrassing music through the gym speakers
Mess up my career progress? We'll mess up your entire reputation.
Credit Card “Ask for ID”
Marry a narcissist who treats your daughter like crap? ... 20 years later, the joke is on you!
The key to your problems would have been good sportsmanship.
My Soon To Be Ex Husband requested that I email him confirmation of receipt of final payment, so I made this website. (Cross Post from r/MaliciousCompliance)
I send my son to his dad's house wearing "I 'heart' mom" shirts.
Block me from my coffee in the grocery isle for no reason, well then enjoy my annoying cart in your way right back!
Petty Revenge on a Server
Exam week stress
Wow... now that's petty...
Shut down Walmart puke
April Fools Revenge on nagging OCD roommate
You refused to get off the phone, so you get to wait a few extra seconds!
Advice Needed
can't you just love me for me?
Petty Revenge on eBay
Honk when the light just turned green? Enjoy the world's slowest left turn
You're gonna be in a world of shit, Pyle...
A revenge story for the ages.
Underdog class petty performance for professor
No ears
Old lady falsely accused me and a few others of harassing her dog. Everyone harassed her afterwards
Enjoy your wrinkled sweater.
Got Back at a guy on discord
My teacher pulled a power move
Send me a nasty email about my teaching? It's on.
Elevator Revenge
Group of girls hit on all my buddies for drinks, we buy them shots of water twice and they think they're drinking tequila.
Enjoy your empty pond, asshat
Muse playing Feeling Good at Radio 3
A woman throws a tantrum over candy, and I get my revenge.
Wanna make fun of my big ass everyday?
Harass, bully, and intimidate the workforce? I will make you look like an idiot in front of *your* bosses.
Want to be a bridesmaid? SIKE!
Guess you'll have to hold it...
Your friends are better anyways.
Teacher is horrible? Time for revenge.
Won't let me in the front door, will you?
I did have a condom, actually. You're just an asshat.
I had a friend who likes puzzles
Photobomb
It's a small world after all
Turn off the lights!
Ass in a bottle!
my first girlfriend was my bullies crush
Wake me up at 3am for a “prank?” I’ll call
Working in customer care offers an unlimited pool of resources and people to remember
You block our parking spot? Enjoy the 'one ticket per day' party!
the standing revenge
A truly wonderful spectacle
Dead men tell no tales: Dead men get their mails
Flame me while I'm about to leave a game? Let's keep you stuck here for longer.
Take it in the face, bitch!
So break my art supplies have fun with hepatitis
Family won’t stop calling me a “socialist snowflake,” so I convince them I came into a large sum of money. Oh, how the turntables.
(Reupload) My google account got hacked so I delete everything from their phone.
I'm a loader so I can screw him over more than he can screw me over
I burned my version of a karen
Humiliating my high school principal: the third installment of my petty revenge series
Brother acts like an entitled brat, I now kill him with kindness.
Be Nice To The Neighbors.....
My way of dealing with a serial tailgater
Nasty coworker on a diet? Let me fill the candy bowl for you!
Need Help. Basement Apt. Mold.
A flight attendant was rude to me so I left my empty water bottle in the seat back pocket instead of throwing it out myself.
''You can't control the car'' Oh, I can't?
Share. No matter what age you are
Redecorating a coworker’s cubicle. The Kitten Whisperer!
Don't fuck with the children.
How I got my name
Revenges from my time as a technician
He went nuclear to win the encounter
Being racist to my Asian friend? Have fun with drug charges.
Wanna lean on my car? It’s alright, my key fob has an alarm button.
I cut off my best friend of 17-years and only keep her on social media out of pettiness, and revenge.
SIL can no longer mooch!
My manager doesn't like me? Best thing that could happen to me.
Too busy to stop at a red light? Enjoy waiting forever.
Random woman really wants my donut. I'm going to have to disagree.
Thanks for the Netflix account
anytime my sister pisses me off, i wait for her to leave her room and i sneak in and untune her ukulele
Action Dan here, yearbook revenge
Winning the WiFi War
My mothers petty New Years revenge.
Fine. You can be the Green Lantern
This guy hacked my postmates and is smart enough to leave his phone number.
Constantly rude towards me? Get agitated!
My brother's cat clawed me and drew my blood, so I spit on it.
Sucky intern ruins her chances of getting a job! (LONG)
dont allow me into my companys offices? let me give you a taste of embarrassment.
Kid Steals My Sandwich, Teacher Makes Him Get Me A New One
Cleaning Crew
A little effort is all I ask for
Trick my mom into taking me to an unhappy home? I’ll take over the family.
How my patience paid off to take revenge on my ex-girlfriend.
Silence is golden. French fries are golden too.
Bully me constantly for your lost points? Now you got more.
What to do with too many automatic emails?
Don't cut off the cashier every time they speak
Mom gets revenge on Food-stealing brother.
Hurt my friend...
Don't be a jerk to the person who makes your labels.
Make us eat last? We'll just waste your food! How 7th graders got their revenge on the lunch aids.
Sister shit
Petty revenge as a valet driver...
When you’re done with the bathroom FLUSH THE FU**ING TOILET.
The time I framed a kid for sneaking Gushers into his mom's shopping cart
Talk shit about my valid concerns? Enjoy inhaling it while you're at work
Neighbors motion lights causing havoc, I permanently disable them.
You want to be rude and nasty? I hope you speak spanish
How Petty am I? Richard. Tom. Tankgirl (not her real name).
Making my employee work on his wedding day because he fails to plan.
Well we might as well have sex then....
Sorry but your appointment has been cancelled
I just wanted back my headphones
Class causes a lot of disruptions, so meek and mild teacher stink bombs us
Some gossip girl older than me stomps on my work with wet shoes, so I waste her time.
Patents and Copy Machines
You attack my credibility, I burn yours down
Screw me on hours? I'll screw up everything.
If you don't stop being ignorant, I'll walk you up that hallway and make a fool of you.
Pizza hut has f$cked with me for the last time
stupid supervisor, tricks are for kids
Noisy neighbor? Cold shower.
Skaters Get it GOOD
When idiots assume (that I don't have a handicapped tag)
Food pettiness
Steal my snacks at work? Take my shit and you'll get the shits.
Reddit, I need help!
You bullied me for a decade, and now you try and reach out to me?
She yelled at me for walking on her property. I confirm it's not her property. Revenge ensues.
You asked, it's off!
No popcorn for you
Revenge On My Verbally Abusive Teacher
Want to blind me on my walks? Taste your own medicine!
My homophobic stepmother abused me so I used her work email to sign her up for a bunch of GAY PORN
He stole my toy i stole it back
Blizzard revenge
Steal my purse. I'll leave you stranded.
Business reply mail revenge help
Don't call me names and then lowkey ask to borrow a magazine
K'Nex
Wanna act like an insane person? Have fun playing all by yourself
Roommate stealing food. Pettiness most foul ensues
Gym Class Revenge
Don't mess with my high scores
Make me walk to the train station, say goodbye to your helmet!
Don't piss off the tow truck driver
Won't let me know I'm fired? Fine, you can't hire someone else.
Not help me and be annoying? Have fun stuck on the toilet !
Want to be rude? Fine by me.
Suddenly I don't feel the need to play Santa this year.
HS Biology teacher said me and my friend were gonna flunk because we were talking, so I got a 10 to spite her.
The biggest Christmas gift
I got my Aunt who I (21f) am on bad terms with for secret Santa, would it be next level petty if I bought her a wetsuit?🤣
That's right, brush your teeth...
Annoying Brother
Rude Public Transportation Rider
Made you jerk it to a dude
Blind girl justice
Dammit! I hate tailgaters!
Leave your politics out of it.
One more before bed.
Cheated on me? I’ll keep the gifts!
I'm in a petty showdown against my mom
Kid makes fun of allergies. Guess what your mom gets?
Require a paper about our chosen major? Time for some revenge from the zero I got on my last project.
Pizza Hut Petty Revenge...
Complimentary poo poo platter.
Chick gives me the wrong phone #, which she gives to every guy, which upsets the person who the # belongs to.
Just put them back where they belong dad
Cashier is a petty individual
"oooh, did you do something with your hair?"
Never Again Volunteer Yourself
Return my shirt
Revenge by doing nothing at all
The One-Liner
Junk mail WILL be delivered!
Throw me in jail just for yelling at you so you can extort money from me? No green card for you.
"Over a month ago, our neighbors stole $90 worth of alcohol from us..."
Play crappy obnoxious music in a parking lot? I'll overtake your station with toddler music.
Bully my kid? You won't get to play either
Hippity hoppity, you damaged my property. Bippity boppity, I'm calling the coppity. Bippity boppity boo, I'm calling CPS too.
Ideas for revenge please?
You wanna fight mum? Cool
Hiding from a dad because I screwed up
Talk shit behind my back... Oh thats ok
If you want to be mean, you can have the pink set.
I need revenge on my upstairs neighbour! How!?
Stiff me..... get beeped at in the middle of your party.
The Love Triangle No One Needed
Email barrage
Ex girlfriend revenge
Man clicks his mouse to much so I hid it. (TL:DR at end)
Karen doesn’t want me to record in a public cafe due to “privacy issues”, ends up with the whole conversation on a public youtube video
If you misbehave Mr. G's going to pull down your pants and spank you
Those torrent websites are awful shady.
Oh you want to play games? I got plenty of games.
You stole the wrong package, DirtBob
So that's how it's going to be.
Petty revenge on pizza shop manager
This is what happens when you mess with people who are just done with LA traffic
Muffin revenge
Sorry.
Take up ALL the washing machines? Enjoy having a cold foot.
Don't respect the fact that I work nights? Well then enjoy the view.
Want to avoid having to do your own work? Fine, we'll just let you miss it!
You were rude, so no candy for you
Dress code? I think not.
Mom and the Windchimes
You keep tracking mud into my work truck. Enjoy your new floor mat.
Anyone who lives in an apartment with a super loud neighbor what was your best petty revenge win?
loud cockatiel gets what's coming to him
Hey, you've got piss on your face! (x-post /r/confessions)
Not before Christmas
Don't you hate it when someone keeps kicking the back of your chair? Yes? Too bloody bad.
Asshole decides he can park anywhere he wants
Be loud above my room?
Kinda falls under Karma, but...
Karma needed a little push
I deleted a local meme page.
Inventory? I don't think so!
Just following the rules
Ice skating pricks
Want to be rude to me and another customer? Allow me to freak you out.
Asshole drive gets stuck at the gateStars, can’t do it, not today!
Honk at me? ME?
Another HOA story
Dog Washer Gets Revenge Via Expensive TV
It’s mine
Push my mirror, will you
Obnoxious boi pisses my friend off, so she plants a garden in his carpet.
Sailor revenge
I'll Strangle Your Bananas
You wanna be a grump? I'll give you a reason to be grumpy.
Sticking up for my best friend
Got a late night text
Handicapped Hell
Reminiscing what my Grade 6 class put our student-teacher through, as I'm pursuing a career in Education.
My solution to the INDIAN SCAMMERS CALL CENTERS IRS/CRA
I hope the little pop-up notifications make you uncomfortable
Peeping tom meets karma
Help with revenge on an employer
Hmm, don't think I remember you that well, grade-school bitch.
I think I got most out of the situation
My puppy's revenge
Wreck my summer camp stay? Out you go.
Stupid idiot neighbor. You spent so many extra hours purposely making a mess of my roadway and lawn. I didn't fuss because I knew. I knew I had thousands of little buddies coming to help me. Mhwhaha. ha, ha!
Deer fuelled karma
Don't let me go? here take a passport to a coffin
Enjoy walking to the trash can.
I Revenged Spoiled Parts of GoT after Endgame Was Spoiled for Me.
You don't tip? Enjoy frozen pizza
How can I get revenge
Welcome to Starbucks, enjoy your decaffeinated beverage :-)
Everybody needs good neighbours!
Petty at a young age.
Doctor lied to my brother. My mom activated karen-mode
Return of the Petty Stepdad Revenge: Lunch Time
Impatient customer
How to get revenge on crazy french teacher
because everybody loves some road justice
Walk away just as I am about to serve you will yah?
Use our washers? Have fun sowing your stripes back on.
Ignore it, but I feel better.
My roommate got payback for being a racist bitch
Serendipitous Revenge
The landlady won't give my deposit so I did this.
Push in the queue? Enjoy the run.
The yeti and the pass
Yell at my family in public? I'll make you look like an ass.Can't move down one seat so a family can sit together? I'll let my manager know
I ruined the life of my bully
Update: Be a Jerk? No training.
Next door neighbor keeps letting their dogs and cats poop and ruin our property. How can I teach them a lesson?
Petty officer’s petty revenge
Wake me up early, enjoy no wifi!
Unintentional, sweet sweet office revenge.
Overworked, So I Handed In My Notice To My Actual Boss
Did you just eat my fry!?
I am proud to have been involved in silent, petty cooperation.
Get drunk &amp; belligerent? No coffee for you.
National Grid Revenge
Farmer fed up with people parking on his land (XPost r/videos)
Don't mess with the workers
Last customer on my last day
If you don't clean your nasty-ass cereal bowl, it may mysteriously disappear.
As a kid, i retaliated against a playground bully in an incredibly passive-aggressive way.
Be an Asshole, Enjoy Your Fork Bomb
Killed her with kindness
Staff Sargeant Wants To Be A Dick? No More USMC For You
Look at the green, Oil Man!
Fuck with my emotions? Ill fuck with your career.
Steal my Amazon package? Enjoy your complaint investigation
A Little Bit of Pity Revenge
Petty Revenge Gone Horribly Wrong!
Finally, a little housemate satisfaction
Red Light Camera
EVE online redemption
I made a group of children never ding dong ditch ever again.
classmate steals my artwork, and class thinks it’s hers. they thought wrong
The good ol' jaw dropper
If you're going to fuck with my stuff, don't leave your stuff where it can be easily fucked with.
I hope you don't need to use this printer any time in the next hour
An extra little 'something'
I managed to get a petty revenge against an a-hole officer, and ended up helping others in the process
I cut off my sister's barbie's fingers
Traffic Control
Guy gave me a hard time in my old school is buying gta 5 with his mother, I decided to act
Need our ID? Why?
Cheap Landlord Pays Hefty Price
The Wham! Bomb
Bumper Car Battle
How I committed a couple little misdemeanors and proved to myself what I’m made of.
Call the cops, enjoy my neighbors parking
Supermarket cashier gets revenge on a Karen
Decide to quit without a two week notice and on a no call no show?
My apartment complex added a new $50 monthly "Community Area Maintenance" fee.
Steal a store? Work in the dark!
Mini victory over abusive boyfriend
Park in my spot multiple times, now crawl through your passenger seat.
Drop my lunch and mock me in front of friends, enjoy the broken nose you bastard.
Make my life difficult, you lose your weed.
Petty answer. Retail petty revenge on fat bitch
Anyone know how to get sweet revenge on a cheating boyfriend?
Call my dog dumbwhile yours does the same thing? Get 'dirty' water
Cheater will share my pain
Ongoing revenge against housemate
You want to play stupid roommate games? Let's go then punk
Fortnite elitists annoy me throughout 7th grade so I annoy them in the worst way possible
Is Rodney there?I Bought The Last Item So Karen Couldn't
Rapper disses other rapper because he dissed youtuber
Lord over me about a promotion you don't even have yet? Hope you don't mind the (implied) competition.
With apologies to anyone who sews
Barista needs my name?
Don't be in a hurry and rude.
What's good for the goose...
He's paying rent in tomatos
Biting his nose off to spite his face.
Have fun carting pee pee packages
Wannabe Karate Kid gets owned in front of his family
That time I made a Karen go full-on Hulk mode.
Male Karen is racist to my friends so we kick him out of his own Home Owners Association.
Fuck with my friends, I make you faceplant in the dirt.
How can I expose this pervert?
If you're annoying me on purpose, I'm not gonna help you out
My roommate in college and I never really got along
Asshole parker
I can ignore emails too, and it'll cost you your hard earned cash.
9 Slices
The Time My band got stiffed out of the money we were promised
Just because i provide a service, it does not make me your 'bro'.
Tired of constant junk mail from a life insurance company, I put a bit of used kitty litter in the reply envelope.
I got his account deleted
Bully me, Have fun not having your crush like you
Cancel my overtime, it will cost you dearly!
I moved my roommates spoons
Mess with my best girl, your new bf, and me? Let me smack some sense into you
Petty Revenge on my worry-wart father-in-law.
Taught some jerks a lesson on acceptance
Catching the office thief
Want to replace a senior admin with your "tech-savvy" 16yo son? I'm sure that'll work out great.
Be a dick to me in class? Try finding your books now.
Petty revenge for rude little brother.
Cut down my tree? Lose your ocean views.
Insult my looks, weight and fitness and I will get my slow revenge
Buying a grill at walmart
Dear Customer Service reps.
Steal my food, get publicly shamed
Take that backseat driver!
A family history of sorts
Ping Me On Discord For No Reason? Get Pinged Several Times More Than Me.
Hit and Run
Don't live here and keep parking in my assigned spot?
Never underestimate your students.
How to deal with pesky roommates r/pettyrevenge style
Office Politics
Banana on hood
Won't return my security deposit? Enjoy your unusable email account.
Yell at the TV really loudly? Enjoy your precious internet off for a bit.
Abusive Teacher Gets A Reality Check
You never know how much you need those beeps until they're gone
A Roommate Nightmare
Don't want to clean up after your dog?
Don't cut in front of me in traffic
Guy was rude to the guy that orders the beer.
I politely asked you not to use my shampoo
Hidden in plain sight
Forget your junk mail all over my hallway? No worries! I'll return it to you
WAITER
So, I just drank some Coronas
Ride my ass while I'm speeding? Get pulled over!
You're a horny guy on Omegle? I want to play a game...
Revenge à la Baby Shark
Revenge Request: Possible to find the uploader of this video?
Be an asshole to me? Fine enjoy cleaning and plugging in your xbox.Drives like an asshole in the middle of Christmas shopping traffic? Enjoying driving the extra distance to get to where you need to go
AskPettyRevenge: Help me think of a good plan for payback
Turn lane revenge
Ignore the crossing guard at our school and you will pay (literally).
The Addams Family Revenge
A woman threatened to shoot my neighbors kid for throwing away trash then then gets cops called on her
Petty revenge for a bully
I enjoy standing still and spinning on the spot.
Waiter calls out a guest on how much she tipped while remaining professional.
I indirectly might have saved somebody's life
Cheating ex. Subtle revenge.
An educator used his son to try and attack me, loses his job
Give me important work documents late, here's the wrong team!
Take my chair, this is war.
I had anorexia and she constantly mocked my body, but her boyfriend didn't mind...
Pissing on the floor? No food for your co-workers!
An opportunity for petty revenge 10 years later
Accidental but most satisfying revenge
It's all fun and games until someone doesn't pay up. Then it's just games. Do you want to play?
Don't fuck with those who handle your food
People not logging off computers
Thoughts on having a brainstorm-thread on how to best exact petty revenge? We could share our best ideas, and help others revenge be even pettier than before!
Take all of the office treats for yourself? I'll mildly inconvenience you all day.
Have you ever smelled ceramic glaze? It's bad.
You want to go above our heads for extra work? Enjoy not being able to communicate with us.Jackass landlord
Brother throws a tantrum and I got back at him
Salty (possibly NSFW)
Very petty revenge on my husband
Ski Trainer Beats my brother, has a taste of fear
Dear Ladies who parked next to me in the back of an almost empty parking lot.
Inadvisable Slap of Dirty Mop Water Boy
Tell all your friends I cheated on you? Have your jealousy validated.
Stolen Pokemon cards. Stolen again.
Poor Service, I'll leave a penny
From Left to Right.
Complain to the landlord about me not cutting the grass....
Homecoming
don't spam freelancers
Racist dude calls me a terrorist, instantly regrets it.
Passive aggressively bully my friends for being gay? Enjoy having it shoved in your face.
If only I could've seen the look on her face...
You've Won a TV
Stoner colleague fucked me up.
My Best Friend's Jeopardy Revenge
Daily chair slamming
Then, there are the dicks.
Be a bitch, get yer tacos ate up
No Water For You
Entitled Bratty “friend” kicks me, then my godmother labels me ADHD
Refuse me cooking? Enjoy starving for 8 hours
Itty bitty me is tired of having my sandcastles destroyed. Don't fuck with me.
No TV for you today...
Guy runs over his friends phone after mocking friends and I on the road.
Racist wedding planner gets schooled by his own panties
I HATE Entitled people
I hid my brothers game in 1/225 different folders.
My teacher rickrolled the whole class.
You want the barracks clean? Aye Aye Petty Officer!
Refuse to take my money? Pay it yourself then.
Not even a raise?
A story of festive revenge at its pettiest!
The best revenge ever
Unknown caller revenge
Quiet Train Car Revenge
Make fun of my hair? Go find your bike.
Bike Theft
Disrupt my sleep, lose your phone
I ruined a girls day because she was being rude
Abusing a crappy chore system backfires.
Complain to my brother-in-law? Good luck with that
Update on the neighbors with the 8 dogs who think they don’t have to clean up their poop.
Chicken patties
Not my problem
I said something to an annoying kid.
"Shittergate"
Ruin my chances at my dream job, will you? Please, let me return the favor.
Petty Revenge as a Cashier
Thanks Dane cook, petty revenge ensues.
Did you print black?
Lie To Me And Take My Money? Enjoy getting banned from school property
A simple petty revenge... Against bullies...
Why the heck are you ticketing these cars? You're not even a cop!
Bully Roommate owed me $300 so I bleached her hair
Guy finds out his boss is having an affair and talking shit, gets great revenge.
Cheat on your review sheet? Enjoy bombing your semester test.
Berate me and my dad? Enjoy wearing a ruined dress!
Parking at college is a nightmare.
Wake me up to try and scam me while I’m sleeping before night shift okay bud...
Petty revenge EMS style
Distracted drag racer gets wet
Shitty revenge
i shaved my eyebrows after my mom said my makeup was “too much”
Got a CNA fired because she was rude to me (let me explain)
The Smoking Neighbor
Anyone know of any incoming call software that are free to record?
My revenge on society
Petty revenge of lazy coworker
My landlord is a control freak | PHASE II.V
Nepotism is ugly, but beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
The Car Park Incident.
Sorry sir, we have a no re-entry policy.
Oh, you’re going to be spiteful? Here, lemme just cut your power off.
The $8.3million newsletters.
Revenge never tasted so Bueno
Dont mess with my dog .
Case 2: The angry Driver
Petty payback on ex-wife.
I can't have my chair? You can't have internet.
Then I guess you can just go restock all these extra items.
My first ever boyfriend
You just don't steal another man's chicken nuggets.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Don’t fuck with optical staff
Keep making my work hard? Then no drinks for you
Customer who never tips and owners who never pay.
Scammed a minecraft Scammer
Don't fuck with me or my family ;)
Railing against seat hogs
Don't tell people to smile.
Vegetarian revenge
I don't care how childish it is, I wanna run through the puddle!
My petty revenge that I get every time someone behind me drives like a jerk....
UMG get petty revenge
Cut me off? Enjoy your parking ticket.
Careless Cheater
Oh traffic...
Don't give me rice that I don't want.
Dumpster scare
Audio Revenge
Cakeday story: Neighbor reported me and everyone around him for years. So I built a fence in his driveway. (Pictures inside)
A fly helped me get revenge on an abusive stepdad
Petty revenge...Gone Wrong! *Dun dun duuuun!*
Guy in work tries to screw me over and ends up getting disciplined for it
Take back your bread
Have fun waiting an extra week or so for your mail.
Art thief and moderator gets called out and gets moderator removed from him
Lady blocks me from getting on elevator.
Your Porsche doesn't make you superior to me.
One day notice.......(Revenge for a friend)
Want to pretend to be a slow person and be lazy. Fine you are going to a special camp.
jerk brother browses my computer, so i send some files to mom
The Best Mini Pizza I've Ever Had
Seriously though, everyone already wanted an average revenge sub to begin with.
We have to sing without music? I guess I'll make up my own words.
The best petty revenge... for a 5th grader
Let me clean your window too while I’m at it.
Snobby cheerleader taking up a whole seat in a crowded bus...
I hate mr.SOB s geometry class
How I got revenge on some girls behind me
Honk at me? Oh no you didn't
College Revenge 1989 Style...
Won't let me use someone else's (free) rewards card? No problem, i'll make you sign me up for another card!
Bully me!? I'll embarrass you in front of the whole class and get you detention!
My sister was mean to me on our car ride home from school...
Terrible neighbors taken to court
A “friend” came uninvited to my party. So I decided to ruin his next party.
Xenomorphs have just invaded Earth and you have 24 hours to prepare. What do you do?
Eat my food, see what happens
Skip the rent? Enjoy your shit filed car...
Don't be rude to the interns.
Distract me in class, have fun not playing sport
Stole from me...it will cost alooooot more.
Acting as if you’re better than me, you don’t get hired.
Play loud music through your head set, well let me ask you some questions.
Don't think you can claim you're suicidal for attention and get away with it.
2 cars, 2 men
Did you really booty-trap a parking spot?
Be a jealous dick, enjoy your new membership in the KKK
Bag like shit, Get payed like shit.
You have run out of Amulfax Shuffle Time
Complain about the food? Dont get any.
Went on a date and ghosted Simone who ghosted me
My bottom floor neighbors used to blast music on their speakers, so I used their tactics against them.
Acidic foods = Very sticky disgusting mess
Found out my boyfriend had been talking to girls on okcupid
Knowingly Park your car against my truck, dont say I didn't warn you I'll need to push yours to get out.
My mum got revenge on her backstabbing friend and horrible boss
Kids...
Petty payback on my niece
No TV for you
My stepdad was a massive control freak with a ridiculous temper
Pickle in your purse.
Landlords refuse to fix anything; Rent checks have started having a little less priority
Band teacher shat himself
Petty Runescape Revenge
Make my job difficult? Then I'll make your difficult too.
Some Mentor You Are.
Getting DDosed on ps4
Rope swing in racist, rural Alabama
Online Shopping in Pakistan - Shoppingbag.pk
My grandma was a Bad*ss
Try to turn my little sister into an unsuspecting drug mule and you'll get nothing!
Ticket for one day expired plate?
Read my messages and I show you some nice pics
Try to write me up a dress code violation because my Trump shirt triggers you? Okay, I'll play your game!
“Nice Guy” Ruins Mine and My Coworker’s Reputation After Rejection
Friend turned into an Uber on my Birthday
Screw me over in a group project? Have fun failing the class.
Driving the Wrong Way in the Walmart Parking Lot
When Memes rAGE
Small but sweet victory
Ignore us at the bar and ask everyone else how they are doing? This last sip of beer may take me awhile...
Neighborly Love.
Bar D-Bag!
Be Nice To Your Roommate
Dump me, will you? Enjoy the nickname.
My grandma was pretty cool
Text Revenge
Evict Me Illegally, I'll Get My Petty Revenge
I deserved that
Neighbor would call the cops on us every time we had people over in college
Enjoy the herpes
Someone at my university took my clothes out of the dryer when they were still wet
Kid cuts my class, so he gets a 0 on an assignment
Friend didn't keep up his end of our deal. So I deleted his website and he got suspended for threatening me.
IDIOT Man Throws Car Keys At Complete Stranger, Ordering Him To "PARK HIS CAR!"
Steal someone's prized possession? Good luck finding all your stuff.
Older brother called me dumb? We're in the same class, now.
Wrong number lady...show me your boobs
Refuse to sign for equipment because you dont have someone trained, ok fine.
Using the rules of retail to get some petty revenge...
My friend smacks his lips
Pink, red's sorry and weak cousin...
Have a hot temper I’ll freeze you out
Charge me sticker price and I'll keep your remote
Turning the bike lane into a second car lane during rush hour? Let me make your life a little more difficult
Rude Chinese woman insults me. I speak mandarin
Gas guzzler vs Eco warrior
A secret santa gift
Don't mess with the schools smartest student.
Treat me like a bull, Then get the bull.
My annoying bus driver.
To my cheating ex boyfriend
A double petty revenge story
I Gave My Boyfriend’s Boyfriend Chlamydia
Douchebag neighbor
Good guy cop
Grand theft sock
He ate my popcorn, now I'm eating his
Throw away your nail clippings.
teenagers!
"Just shut up and play"
Bad Mouth Revenge
Call me a cheater realize that you’re wrong
Sketchy Airbnb Rules
Being an asshole wont help you here
Maybe if you hadn't been so careless, Gerard.
You wanna tailgate me? Enjoy your delay.
Girl I really liked rejected me, but I had sex with her best friend without knowing
Rob Me of $45, You'll Regret That!!!
If you are a lousy boyfriend, I will taunt you.
Don't fuck with someone who can drive you nuts.
Don’t park in my spot (sibling debate)
Mad mommy tries to guilt me out of my sweet &amp; sour sauce...not today! (Xpost from r/childfree)
He wasn't really the burglar. I wasn't really the IRS.
Bad Memory
Wanna frame me for something I didn't do? Prepare for pranks!
Snubbing the lady who accused me of giving her a bad grade
Leave your dishes too long and then confront me about my cleanliness? I'll block you through text
Advice.
Using your money to by a round for your boyfriend
My parents' dog kept trying to bite my hands...
Sleep around behind my back? Get all of your data on as many discs as possible, bitch.
Prank me and get a nice spicy and hot drink after running a mile fast!
Kickstarter bag of dicks for TSA
She stole my drink, I stole her breath
So You Think It's Funny To Mess With My Computer Huh?
Want more pizza than you’re allowed? Suffer sweet, cold revenge.
McDonald's
You slept with my girlfriend of 8 years, I'll sleep with your girlfriend of 2 months as payback!
Sometimes They Just Dig Themselves Deeper
My mean school janitor.
Be a good neighbor, or you won’t be a neighbor at all
The smoker below us
tailgate me? lets see how slow we can go.
You froze my Social Security Number? I’m going to jam up your phone line SCAMMER!
The whole family got what they deserved.. maybe even a bit more.
The Customer who never tips and the owners who never pay
Trespass on our land? Enjoy walking into a satanic looking scene.
Cut me off and then ask me to promote your band? Nah.
Complain about my work? I'll give you something to complain about.
It was on why it should be legal to shoot kids on the street in fortnite costumes on Halloween
Want say I'm not really sick? Well enjoy your flu.
Person twisted words so I twists hers
Bully assaults me so I use Black Fu
Tailgater got what he deserved
The BREAST REVENGE! Or: Crazy, Insecure Woman Is Mad At Me Because Her S.O. Is Staring At My Boobs!
Waste my time? I'll waste yours 6x more.
Wait your damn turn to get off the expressway like the rest of us
Deny my leave application of 2 days .. close down ur whole organisation then
Chewing gum revenge in progress
You Wanted Ray Bans, You're Getting Glitter Instead
Tap Danced my Awful Suitemate to Insanity
I'm inviting you to my wedding
Write mean things on my junior HS play crew shirt? I hope you like your bio paragraph on the next presentation's playbill. Also, sorry about misplacing your prop. You don't look THAT stupid without it.
Better not steal my drink again bitch.
A crack can make all the difference
Stupid Kid on the train
My coworker used me to terrify an entitled prat of a customer.
Girl chucks mud at me, I bring out water gun.
Road Rager Won’t be Getting Business From Me
Happy revenge memories
Wake-up Call
Parking Spot Story with a Twist - Petty Revenge Goes VERY Wrong
A harassing customer gets to deal with a screaming baby bird
Departmental Christmas Party versus Toxic Management
Ruin our game, will you?
Any good ideas for a serious pest problem???
Be A Dick To Me, I Wont Help When I Know A Solution
Happy Birthday to You...
Annoying kids with full volume speakers on my bus.
Flat mate abusing our earholes with my stereo system.
Guess YOU have to wait
Don't have beef with a vegetarian.
“I’ll let you know”
Piss me off? Have fun without me
Cut me in line? That'll cost ya!
I guess I’ll get you suspended...
Spam Sites
If your going to mistreat your pet someone might take it off you.
Stinky Revenge Is The Best Revenge!!!
Why didn't you wake me up?!
My shrimp story
PARK YOUR BIKES ON MY DRIVE, WATCH ME RUN OVER AND DESTROY YOUR BIKES
Oops, I'm in time!
A literal pissing match
Petty checkout revenge
It's their job, huh?
Me Bertha stolen
Offer me leftovers after leaving me out? Gladly. You'll never see them again.
Play fair, asshole. It's just gym class.
You said what about my brother?
Come back to get *my* stuff ?
Act like a dick, get what you deserve
Facebook user fucks up computer rental shop for 10 PHP (20 cents USD)
Revenge on creepy nightclub guy
New to this subreddit: Friend steals my brother's Minecraft Account
I help a little girl get revenge on her mean older brother via escape room.
Want to Not Clean a Store Amidst a Pandemic? Enjoy the Health Department.
Movie Theater Pest
The asshole at Costco will be making some new friends
Tailgate, honk, and scream obscenities over your child and out the window at me.
Seconds of your time adds years to my life
I love being petty.
No need to get shitty, asshole.
Fake person uses me as friend and hurts me so much with verbal abuse, I get back by using pictures and tagging friends of hers and mine to those pics as revenge
Campus Jackass Tries to Park Illegally
Sipping ppl's drinks without permission? Enjoy ur bathroom break.
(x-post from r/fatpeoplestories) My dad told me how he got back at his asshole co-worker that kept stealing his food
I confront people who break the rules in Japan
The deli lady revenge
The fist bump
Yell at me for making your pizzas wrong? Enjoy missing out on dessert
I Smell Gas...
Crazy neighbor gets work vehicle reported as stolen.
Wasted a rude bank tellers time out of spite
Downstairs neighbor hates my dog
You know how you can leave reviews for any business online?
Turns out the moron who created this account really did set his password as Cherry. Also, he was an asshole so...
Don't pay me? I'll ruin your business and have you heavily fined.
Allies in high places
You didn't want to wait your turn, so I'll make you wait longer
Wreckless Driver Revenge
Use up all the hot water? Two can play that game.
The dude knocking on my door and running off is in for a mildly-exaggerated guilt trip
Cookies but donuts
Let me use your Xbox and then hold it against me? Cool, I'll just use my own.
Bouncer rejects ligament ID.
EK tried to cheat in a test. EM tried to get me suspended. Revenge is sweet.
Threaten to shame us for not paying? Don't expect anything.
I'll risk my eyesight for you my precious parasites
The wrong parking ticket
Steal my money, take your scotch
Pet-ty revenge
Tailgater made to wait
Just might look young, but mighty!
My parting gift to my downstairs neighbor.
She took the house, the dog, and part of his 401k, but didn't mess with the WiFi thermostat
I wished some Jehovas Witnessed a Merry Christmas
Drink my expensive alcohol? Prepare for an onslaught of dick pics
Enjoy your new 'special' sounding name.
Touch me inappropriately and try to rápe me ok I’ll fuck your life up
Desperate lonely kid gets a taste of reality
Get rekt
I'm not stopping for your road rage, bud.
work fridge thief revenge?
Honk at us in the Parking Lot? Enjoy sitting in the car
Don’t grade my road, hope you like raccoons and skunks.
I harassed a girl that was copying me until I got her to admit it.
Want to listen to music? Ok.
Credit Card company pay back.
Roblox kid gets my account hacked - I report him and get bragging rights
The Long, Cold Night
Your pizza note goes against our company social media policy
Hotel stole $1,000 from me, so I made a review video of their hotel.
Talk crap about women and be a drunken nuisance on the bus? I'll "innocently" knock you with my bags on the way out.
The Sandwich Skirmish
Stupid coworkers get embarrassed
Try and manipulate me for dick picks? Guess I'll kill you.
Oopsie. Comments removed in the past 24ish hours.
My father has been making me miserable for all of my life so I’m about to pull an uno reverse card.
Mr. You need to help me RIGHT NOW
Revenge on teacher?
Don't like the phone I give you? Sure, you can bring our own.
Coffee mugsPetty Deadpool Revenge
Won't wear a mask? Prepare to be mildly inconvenienced by the sun!
Park like a jerk? Watch your back--if you can.
Guy tossed a cigarette butt; it irked me.
New year, new me, without you.
Text me after 10 PM regarding business? I will text you back at 4 AM, in multiple messages, then turn my phone off and go back to sleep.
Pick your wings
Dont force your beliefs upon me
I dont work in the big blue store! .....anymore!
Violate a YIELD sign,a STOP sign, and the speed limit? Yield your keys, and stop driving for a while.
The Great Egging Revenge of 2005
Bartender woes
Impatient road raging sports car guy gets to wait... and wait.
Revenge to the ex who took everything out on me. Showers make you look fat.
Sometimes the pettiest revenge is the best
Need advise for a petty revenge... frat house owner rented room on AirB&amp;B, old couple came in and didn't even have a blanket or pillows.
Sister berated me for being pro-choice, then suggested I have a baby, embarrassed her in front of our whole family
Neighbor doesn't know how to NOT double park and block someones driveway.
Wont leave room to park? ill make some extra room!
Threw my coffee on a car in rush hour
Got my wife for weeks to come
Roommate drinks my juice and said I can't because he ran out of milk and doesn't like my lactose free milk.
Not mine, but I'm proud of this kid though.
AITA for stiffing a server because she didn’t tip me?
Lady in my apartment pissed me off
Make fun of a woman trying to lose weight? Dont do it in a car that's unforgettable.
Landlord won't fix my heat two years running? Enjoy your electric bill
Old man driver
A game I like to call: Ruin a family's shopping trip
Some asshole behind me at the stop light had his brights on.
Rant about this sub...
Taffy picker-outer, prepare for counter-jackassery.
I once had someone send an email cussing out my co-worker for doing her job
A guy in high school told me he was going to rape me, and I called him out in class when we were in college.
Act rude? No rewards for you
Tailgate me? Go ahead.
My brother won’t shut up at 3:00am, so I blast Syrian music
don’t test me
My mom is a monster
He Kissed My Best Friend, So I Kissed His Brother
Cheat in a poker tournament? Learn how good my revenge skills are
Take some junk for your poop
This is my pool, not a whorehouse.
Asking for ideas for SPAM emails
You wanna talk shit about me? Have fun blowing through your data in seconds
Averaging Out Turn Signal Usage
No way in hell you do that to my kid
GF cheats on me. Karma takes her down
Fuck up my store? Extra fees for you!
My petty revenge tales, part 2
Tree hugging neighbor claims she owns everything
He wanted coffee, I got justice.
Rude to me when you get on my bus? Whoops! We went past your stop!
You'll put ham on the sanwiches? Suit yourself cunt
The First College Roommate
You kicked me out of the shower? Enjoy the cold water.
Hit my cat enjoy falling in cow dung.
Can someone help me get back at this guy?
The girl who sabotaged my assignment during pre med got pregnant and had to drop out of uni I’m in my fourth week of an MD at my top university choice
Park so close I have to enter from my passenger side?
Pee in my front yard
My father is a clever man
Homophobic pal gets spammed with d***-pics from strangers
Tell me I’m taking a long time, I’ll show you a long time.
Getting revenge on a jerk customer
"millionaire" (aka miser) landlord wants to screw with a poor grad student...sure ok buddy, game on.
Lean your seat back into my lap? Get jostled.
You killed my cat? I'm going to ruin your nine lives
I clotheslined a bully
The time I was robbed by an escort.
Speak to me like I'm an idiot because of my job? Fine by me.
BULLY ME, Okay ill just get sick on you
My dad pissed me off sometimes
How about you don’t mess with the girl who controls your grades?
You want your food now? Sure!
Now you’re REALLY not the manager
Petty Netflix revenge on my bitch of an ex
Curse me, and ye shall be cursed.
Be a cruel asshole? Enjoy your punishment.
People said I couldn’t do stuff fat. So I joined the army and jumped out of planes.
my uncle pulled a reverse uno on the whole ass family
In Which I Waste a Doctor's Time for Being Rude
Moving out of hell, (Hopefully) A Conclusion
Don't Want to Play the Starbucks Game? Enjoy Your Wrong Order
Ex tried to make the breakup unnecessarily hard on me so I ruined his favorite music
Don't Try to mess with your Competitors
My Roommate Kicked Me Out
Bad Referrals to Ex Boss
My poop rained down upon my loud, obnoxious downstairs neighbors.
Wanna keep using all my coffee creamer without asking? Enjoy running to the toilet your whole shift!
You're going to be a bitch about my store closing? It'll cost you.
Want your ID back? You'd better come and get it.
Revenge at Raccoon Creek
Want to treat me like shit? I'll make sure that you don't find another personal assistant.
Defeating a queue jumper (with his own weapons)
Lady waits to use the bathroom every night at closing call. Never again.
Sometimes revenge is like barbecue; best when hot.
Asshat takes up too much room on plane seat
Hangover Eavesdropping Not A Good Idea
It makes me feel better!
The Fork Incident.
Revenge of the 'geek'
Beep at me while I am crossing the street and call me "crazy" and "stupid". Watch me slowly stroll without a care in the world.
It's my netflix I pay for it!
Jealous fat sister.
Seven months later, Snapchat revenge
When My friend's sister uses her highliter
Made my evil teacher right a essay for punishment
Petty revenge against my RE teacher
Customer Was Rude To Me So I Denied Him His Pizza
My uncle left trash in my car
Tainted toothbrush.
You Can't Have Your Own Elevator
Got Bully into major trouble
Rudeness has it's price...
erupting pepsi bottle
yapping dog from hell
Perhaps petty but I'm not mad that I did it.
You want to almost hit me and take my parking spot? Allow me to take my sweet time.
An old “ friend” tried to scam me
I refused a tip from a customer.
Bf dumped me but still wanted to be friends. I responded by getting this:
Today I was forced to be the biggest douche at the gym
BH wants a job reference after abusing my naive willingness to see the best in her.
The Tale of the Laundry Stowaway
You want to steal my glue? Enjoy glue in your hair.
Petty revenge on uppity litterbug.
Don't piss off your bartender
Petty X-mas BS...
My neighbours have been screaming at each other regularly for 3 years and we came home with our first child 2 weeks ago.
"What are you gonna do about it?"
White trash?
$5 Graphing Calculator
How do I sabotage this party ? (they deserve it, trust me)
Boss calls me a "pussy" for being unwilling to enter Yellow Jacket infested building.
Ice Ice Baby.
Don't worry, I'll take care of your laziness
Never Bully Someone and Then Ask for a Favor
A Girl Bullied Me and I Got My Revenge
Revenge on a college roomate
No good deed goes unpunished
Bad driver big gulp revenge
We English should vote to see if we want the Scottish to stay part of Great Britain and if we say no then there out with no funding from us and let them get on with it for to long they have had a say in Englands policies,
Neighbors get their trash back
Treat me like your personal slave? Enjoy sitting in the dark.
Waging war on younger brother.
Faked std revenge on my ex
Sweet revenge on my 5th grade bully after my growth spurt
My girlfriend kissed this guy lol, would you?
Oh, you missed the train? Maybe you should have moved faster (or at all) when I said "excuse me."
Want to play on your cell phone through out the movie? You don't get to see the end of Logan!
You’ll change the roll, one way or another...
Fuck this bitch
dad messes with me and i leave the lights on
The best and the worst of sibling rivalry
You rip someone's photo then should you pay the price
Was able to get the most satisfying petty revenge years later on a former coworker who lied &amp; almost got me fired
Robo-calls from Credit Card Services
Don't be disrespectful of others' property
A US Veteran Stopped a Mass Shooting and was vilified for it.
Tell me in front of our friends and family I should have been aborted for my bad fashion choices...
Fuck you Andrea S
Next stop, one extra floor!
Took her off my Netflix account
If you try your best, you can't fail.
Another awful high school bully story...
I Did What You Wanted Me To.
A soda ruined...
Step on my new shoes and steal my stuff? Well let me do the same to you.
How I deal with relationship jealousy around Instagram
Time To Recline
7-11 owner instantly called to have me ticketed when I went across the street to another store first... Need revenge!
Shithead Suitemate Served
Phone scammer gets an earful
Revenge at a concert
Got My Dorm Leader Fired and Lose his Scholarship a Year after he Called the Cops on Me
nop
More effort in the revenge than the classHealth Class Revenge
You might want to move your car...
Used the power of the sun on a tailgater.
Slap me in public? Have fun selling your pills in prison.
4,000 followers? We'll see about that...
The Most Obnoxious Women I Ever Had The Displeasure Of Speaking To.
Good Revenge between two good friends.
Upstairs neighbors from hell
Oh I'm sorry, did you want into your account? Sucks to suck.
You cheated from the wrong person
Revenge is best served with an online Porn subscription
A slap for an egg
Quieting some noisy neighbors.
Bad Roomates ate my freshly baked pies
Stalking the Cookie Monster (it was suggested I put this here)
I followed a racist kid to his house, not to beat his ass but to tell his parents
Retail revenge.
Some petty revenge between my parents
Not 100% sure if this is the right sub but here goes anyway: My dad's tale of petty revenge.
They ruined our paintball field and bike trails, so we ruined _everything_
Don't want to help me find my iPod? Goodluck finding your BlackBerry.
You're not in charge of this airplane.
Steal my snacks? Super sour sweets for you!
Surprising, but my wife had my back.
Don't park in front of someone's garage!
Bully insults me and recievs b*tch slapSubway chick acted all high and mighty, so my friend made her create the messiest order in her life.
Ghosting scumbag
Airbnb guest constantly doesn't refill the water.
You refused to let me use your pee to pass my pre employment drug test and now you want me to help you get in at my job? LOL
So you want to talk on your cell phone and completely ignore the cashier huh?
Boss can't admit he can't speak English. I gave him a little English demo to piss him off.
How I turned my teacher into the Master (Splinter?)
We inspired a spoiled bro name his boat
Salmon Frosting
Something I used to do to people who threw their cigarettes on the ground at my minimum wage retail job
Sign Shop Petty Revenge (xpost r/assholetax)
I hope you enjoy your coffee.
I know your weakness
I locked their dog in my garden
Kick my seat? Have fun buying a new sweatshirt.
You really just said that to me...
some jackass thinks they own the washer and dryer.
Guy was mean for no reason to a guy asking a question. Pointed out for being a jerk.
Talk on your phone on the gym enjoy getting kicked out and band
No overtime pay and shitty management?
If you don't pay, you get whats coming
In college, I worked retail and some horribly rude woman told her 12 year old daughter "This is why you go to college."
Just making the lines clear.
The animal kaiser bikies.
Sorry not sorry A and M!
My Friend asked me to share this with you, so I created a reddit account
Request: Tattletaling Neighbour
Not giving me enough attention.Have fum without a phone.
Be a Pain in My Ass --&gt; Get Your Package Late
Oops maybe you shouldn't have parked 4 inches away from my car.
How to tell a catfish that I caught him?
Don't have any empathy after I injure myself working for you, guess I'll follow the doctors advice to the letter
Coworkers refuse to listen.
Half the Class Fails the Midterm after Cheaters Copy Me
Friend doesnt join call
Oh, Hewlett Packard level 2 enterprise support line agent, I understand I was probably the first call of the day..
These both Teamers ruined everyone's time on the game, so I ruined there day.
Pain
Nosey, huh? I'm watching you!
Not including me in the project? Enjoy redoing the same year of high school.
Fiance cheats, then loses his shirt. Literally.
I can't read your mind, Hitler
Making her garden take a dirt nap.
Petty Break Revenge at work
Don't mess with my sleep
Bitch who can't park can open her own door
revenge on my neighbor
Irritate the crap out of me? Here, wear a Post-It Note
Annoying neighbors
Dont know if it fits.
Killing 'em with kindness.
Brag about how good you are at a game? You cant play the character you want.
Don't park like a jag
Double park behind me? Good luck driving through the snow storm.
Guy messing with his cell phone at a stop light. I got him gooood.
Laugh at my pain? I'll (secretly) laugh at yours.
garbage
MY Detergent
How to deal with a horrible neighbor?
Oops i dropped it!
Roommate fucked me off, I got revenge.
Guys Wouldn't Get Off My Tennis Court While I Was Teaching
Boogers on your seat
Call me over like a dog? Cool, we don't the beer you're looking for.
My Wedding Photographer Got Revenge For Me
Extremly petty "revenge"
Boy gets toilet water surprise
Gig staff did their job. Punter was pissed.
This is what you get for destroying my art.
Be nice to your customers.
Revenge reaped after 5 years thanks to Facebook's "Memories" feature
Boss is rude and incompetent, let’s show the whole companyImpatient over 5 minutes? Enjoy extra wait while quarreling with your daughter
Arrogant Girl Gets Caught Vaping.Manipulative Father Gets a Taste of His Own Medicine
Requesting ideas for petty revenge against shitty roommates.
Neighbors got us arrested for smoking pot and drinking in our own backyard
toothbrush revenge
Letting a guy live with me for free, found out he's not a good housemate...
It will now.
Wanna ram and assault me with your wheelchair? Enjoy permanent slow mode.You've watched the whole season? Let's talk about it, then.
Shitty neighbor revenge ideas
Keep loudly playing computer games in the wee hours of the morning? Oops, the internet stopped working
I quit, but before I leave, let me just ruin your job.
Should I take petty revenge on a suspect's property for deflating two of my tyres after parking closely to their driveway?
Woman charges at me and gets a face full of mud (Ft. r/entitledparents)
Want me to make you cry?
The Trap Can
Question!
Revenge in a hole
Snow Storm Antics
Enjoy your soggy groceries, you thieving bitch
The bitch next door
Don't f***ing touch me you f***ing f***!
Hope you liked it watered down.
Take my bike, I take yours
Parking lot banding
Rude lady decides to hit me with her cart. I got a little petty.
help me get revenge on this person who scammed me. prank call this number. 786 797 4399
Lazy, dirty housemate's constant weed smoking got me in trouble at work. Petty revenge in order.
Bad Service = Lifetime Scarring
"Do NOT go on your phone again"
The jackass that won't log out
The time I got scammed in Runescape... and got my stuff back by hacking my scammer’s account.
Phone vendor gets more calls than he wanted
So my room mate is again stealing my baby wipes and along with using my tooth paste. Time for more petty revenge.
i got robbed and i need help with some petty revenge
Won't control your children? I guess I'll have to step up
Ticket my truck? Enjoy everybody thinking you're crazy
steal my rocking chair, i'll mess up your pizza night
No Light = No Nookie
Won't let us write what we want? Have it your way!
Cut off some dude who then has to cut me off? I will mutter some stuff and then return the favor!
Landlord screws me but ends up paying for it. Posted in pro but deemed petty so posting here
There is no age minimum for my wrath of pettiness
Don't push and grope me
Sometimes life makes you play the waiting game.
Gulp my fucking piss, idiot.
Probably my most pettiest revenge
Petty Revenge On A Man Hating Ex-Boss
I need your help
Petty Revenge Great-Grandma Style
Finally hit him back
A drivers revenge
My Petty Revenge
Disrespect my friend, I take your Idea.
Rest in discomfort
Dirty Roommate Revenge
Enjoy wasting your time
Annoying Student Revenge
My first ever Reddit post let me know how I do...
If you give it, you must be able to take it.
Petty Revenge at School
taxi revenge
I kept taking my roommate's toilet paper
You want to talk to my manager for that?
Rude lady talking on phone
Sister won't stop singing
Scored a free parking spot...forever
Schedules are extremely important to you? Me, too!
Forget about me for a day? Enjoy never talking to me again.
A couple of kids were bullying me, so I shot them in the head
EM and EK snatch a shirt I liked. Then, EK likes a shirt, but can’t afford it, so I buy the shirt instead.
Spoiled Game of Thrones for my ex-girlfriend who is a die hard GOT Fan
Don't like metal? Enjoy listening to it for the next 10 days
My boyfriend cheated on me with my cousin and then continued dating her for two years
My loud neighbors learn what it’s like to have their sleep interrupted.
That car? That color? In those spots? At this time of year?
Blood is Thicker Than Broadband
Ignore me? Have fun hearing me stomp!
Sext with the wife? Hello HR.
Don't put the jam in the pantry
My neighbor's son locked himself outside buck naked and I got revenge by doing nothing at all.
Co-worker is a dick to everyone in the office. I made him think about what he is.
The milk thief's comeuppance
Don't accept my promise to make the best effort given circumstances? Then enjoy deploying the extra weight along with the 80lb printer when I over deliver.
Dated this greedy cougar
Talk shit, get some back
Roaches aren’t a problem, huh?
Line
What to do?
Ex husband harasses me, send the internet to harass him
I catfished my little sister’s abuser
Be a racist little shit? Enjoy a little.. shit.
I chose books to purposely piss off my YA Lit teacher.
I yelled BEEEEEEP at a lady for honking at me while I was riding my bike
Burrito Revenge
Be nice to your waiter.
Tailgate me on the highway? Hope you enjoy rubber!
Joined just to post this because I have no one to tell
Crazy driving instructor
Well deserved lip infection.
Bus driver was too much in a rush for to stop for me
Call me while I'm trying to study, and rudely ask who it is? Brace your inbox-hole!
Discovering your cheating spouse
Say you can't accept personal checks one more time...
i confronted my bully and got told off for it
I'm out y'all.  This place is emphasizing the 'petty'.
Cherry on top
Won't swap shifts? Ok, I tried to be nice...
Smoke signals
Just ask nicely
You shouldn't drive so close to cars in front of you.
Which option is the best?
7th graders can't be quiet in front of my class, so i shut them up permanently
The Below Zero Weather Reminded Me of This Warm Weather Story.
Be polite to your telemarketer
A guy in a car flipped me off.
You steal my Uber account info, I'll send a literal box of shit to your house.
Next doors smoke blows in my bedroom window so i spray clove oil near where they smoke
bug me in class, I dare you
Sound like a herd of wild horses every time you walk past my office? Enjoy my impromptu accompaniment!
Fuckboi fucks up
Locked my trashy neighbor out of the house
The Walking Dead is not more important than my essay.
The journeyman got revenge for playing his power games.
Should I do this petty revenge?
Pool slideKarma for queue-cutters
Waiters, don't mess with the hostess
Someone stole my laundry basket from the laundry room in my apartment complex
Sorry I Annoyed You On My Birthday
Shampoo-stealer? Meet turtle wax.
Someone put my wet clothes in the floor in the laundry room, so I unplugged her washer machine
Throw snowballs at me? Use front tires to cover you in icy dirt and mud.
Complaining about a free drink? Extra ice for you!
Turn up late to my party? No gourmet scotch egg and pictures for you
Open doors are a security risk? OK, have fun outside then!
Tease me in front of your girlfriend? Get ready for projectile objects!
Volleyball Tragedy :')
How I Got the Nickname "Cumdragon"
Treat the cashier like crap, will you?
Teacher is harassing foreign students at my school. How do I stop her?
You get what you deserve.
Make me partial deaf for a few days? Have fun cleaning out your car's interior.
Won't walk in the right side of the barrier? Hope your bag didn't rip too bad.
A guy deleted my friend's instagram account, SO I GOT HIM ARRESTED!!
Petty revenge all around the sandwich shop!
Be a bitch? Have a smudge.
My now bald brother
You wont listen to me fine, "I'll run away"
Taxi driver expects a tip but won't help me with my luggage... sweet petty revenge.
My teacher didn't let me leave. So I didn't let her leave
Slow drivers in the passing lane look out...
Smoke weed in my flat? I'll get the police involved!
https://www.facebook.com/StopBullyingForCassidyTrevan/photos/a.324664977992876/585722545220450?type=3&amp;sfns=mo
Dan nainan-My call to arms
Guy was jealous of me due to my friendship with a girl he was kind of seeing.... (long)
I'm taking a stand against door holding
Getting home too late to take your roommate to Walmart because you're more interested in driving the chick who friend zoned you places? Again? Have fun in the morning.
If I can't sleep... etc
Spray paint my teachers walls stay scraping gum off the bottom of the table for the rest of the year
Landlady tried to scam me of my deposit
Locked up 11 Computers at an Internet Cafe in Asia
Cheater gets perma banned
All-Female School's paper publishes a horribly written article on its brother-school. Brother school responds with brilliant satire. (link to satire in comments)
Some kid scammed me $100 via a video game. So I contacted his parents.Be a rude, snide manager? See ya' never.
Queerbashing? No thanks, not today.
Look At Your Phone While Stopped at a Red? You're Gonna Wait Another 2 minutes Now.
Karma has a way of fixing things...
Interrupt my smoke break, good luck getting that picture
Don't waste people's chocolate. you're being an asshole
ETF fee for Comcast at home.... sweet revenge at work!
The List
Ruin my life? No ruin your life!
Get your s***** underwear out of my face you a*******.
My coworker helps herself to my drinks.
Ex's new BF sends me a threatening Facebook PM, I Post it to my wall for public shaming
Make my life difficult? Say goodbye to gas points.
Chatterbox interrupts my office's efficiency, so I get a bit of revenge here and there.
''Don't cut in line, you'll create chaos, anarchy. Do you want anarchy?''
Bullies bully me, enjoy bad grades and wrecked bike.
One of the lowest things I have ever done
Late Night Frights
Bobbert the king of gas
Getting subtle revenge~
Revenge on apartment complex
Dump your work on me and waste everyone's time? Just wait!
Have fun shopping with two attached shopping carts!
Take my coins? I'll take your toilet paper!!
The Pens
Nearly scammed by 2 different online sellers. Tables turned
My mum threw out my favourite shoes,soooo.....
Enjoy your inkjet bill.
Revenge on Property Manager
You tell my friends that my voice sounds bad when I am deaf? Fine.
Fur Coats Don't Belong On The Floor
Colleague goes on holiday, leaves no information
Ignore the humble office junior? Okeydoke.
Doctor who?
A**hole BK manager gets what’s coming to her
Having loud sex in the middle of the night? Let me help you out.
Revenge is in the works
Entitled Kid ignores safety warnings and ‘falls’ in a pond
Here's something sparkling for your lackluster personality
I got myself drunk so I could get my revenge
I found this fantastic revenge-story yesterday.
Cubicle Revenge
Old "friend" finally got what was coming to her...
Working Insurance
Sweet petty revenge on a road rager
Steal my medication I will make you regret it.
Buy a coffee and keep the change instead of leaving a tip?
Need help with making some people's life miserable.
Changed my Spotify Password
Fuck your precious tools
You won't slow down as I approach the crosswalk into a Wal-Mart entrance? Fine. Neither will I.
So you made a mistake....Sure blame me!
Not my yard? Not my problem.
this tattoo doesn't wash off
Switching the coffee
"Long-time Best Friend" Stole My Stuff. Weeks of Pettiness Ensued.
I am a small man.
DON'T WANT TO FLUSH?
This gas station clerk got all uppidy when i tried to pay in change.
Don't get in the way of me and my chicken nuggets
Asshat treats me like dirt? Hope he enjoys his face being frozen.
Don’t talk shit about someone who is usually annoying.
Be a bitch? Enjoy your dead phone
This petty revenge story goes out to all the people who don't clean up their piss off the toilet seat.
Entitled Cousin, gets the "petty revenge" she deserver
Stay on your side of the bed... Or else!
Wedding chocolates &gt; friendship
Let me do my own work
You hit my car
r/misleadingthumbnails
No more puppy for you.
You want to harass our kids over normal living noise? Fine.
He was racist to me so i "hacked" him and found out his location
(https://imgur.com/C2BKiQD)
Don't ignore the person you need something from...will they every learn?
My cousin stole my stuff and lied
Petty revenge + sweet karma = poetic justice
Remember, remember the dicks of Movember. Be careful when you make up reasons to fire the guy who controls your corporate social media.
Dill: Now in Everything YOU Like
Entitled lady with a YSL handbag
Incorrectly grade my assignment? Have fun almost getting fired.
Roommate got drunk and puked on bathroom floor. Refused to clean it up.
You mess up MY trip to the zoo?!
Bully me and my friend? Get your life plans destroyed
You might get what you ask for...
My family blamed the bad wifi on me so I made it worse.
First off the line
Making my bully's friends hate her
My two cents.
You dont have to, Grandma, but my stepmom will
Revenge is best served cold.
Petty People Who Are On Another Level - REACTION
Potato salad
make me watch your chute for 30 minutes cause you were on your phone in the bathroom? ok, red light
Petty revenge and a tax write off
Sorry I interrupted your bible study on our flight. Enjoy a longer wait.
Loud Music? Loud car ;)
Worker sneaked white wine into work and my grandfather had a revenge.
You won't listen to me fine, I'll " run away"
My personal tale of swift justice for a Craigslist scammer.
He took my seat, I took his dignity.
Bully of two years asked me out, time to get petty
Accuse me of stealing cake? You won't get to eat it, either.
Clocking Out Early
Degrade Me And Control Me? Reveal Your Darkest Secret.
Bus farts
Hateful guy gets signed up for liberal emails.
I wouldn't park there if I were you.
Rip off my coworker when selling him a car = lots of parking tickets.
Fired for telling someone not to make rude comments.
cause drama in our group? get kicked out.
I want my shower, Lady
Don't mess with my quesadillas..
Dress Code me after surgery? I don't think so.
Kris Kross will make you jump jump
Broke up with my boyfriend, he moved out yesterday... and he took the batteries from my vibrator with him. And all the batteries in the house.
Block me in? Have fun looking for the 'damage'.
Passive aggressively chew me out for a joke remark about ice? Guess you don't get any of this free pizza!
I'm sorry Mr. Bully your order is next.
You shall not pass (driver's revenge)
Had to get revenge for someone else today
You can keep your Job offer.
Mistreat an elderly person doing their job? I know what to do....
Make me walk through a storm for your stuff? Enjoy my Doctor Who monster
Be a terrible Human being? Have fun flunking.
Be a prick to me &amp; my co-workers? Don't save $5.
Stay out of my garden!
I gave a jerk a crappy job.
He complained about a hat. So I gave him a hat.
Try to steal my fiancé... lose some business.
Advice: neighbors throwing cigarette buts on my walkway.
Don't want to wait to pull forward to pump your gas?
If you're gonna steal from me, don't give me your number.
Scam me out of paying for what you're taking? I'll give it to you in the smallest cup possible
Be a shitty housemate you say? Enjoy the little inconvenience
No Good Rotten Day.
My gummy isn't good enough?
Two stories of Petty Revenge from my first job.
Try to raid us? Oh, let us DDOS your fake profile bot servers.
"My house, my rules" works both ways
Bitchy teacher tries to give me an F for writing my opinion in an essay asking for our opinion.
Burned a lady's hand for being rude.
help me deal with my very loud, harassing neighbors
Stole books from a shitty teacher.
You leave with what you take
Company Christmas party ham
Don't piss off people who you need to do something for you!Student Loans Keep Me in Debt?
Take away my ‘business’? I’ll send you to the wrong class!
Bully me and I'll bull your mom. (true but not mine)
If you want to be very mean to a very rude jerk on the internet, Say your going/did kill yourself because of them. That will mess them up badly, or they will always wonder? “Did I make someone kill themselves?”(not saying to do this!)
I let my brother hit on our cousin
Oh scammers, when will you learn...
My friends trashed my house and recorded it so I showed the video to their parents
Bad CoD player
Have fun getting fewer gifts than you expected
You Mess with my Best Friend? We'll End Your Writing Career
Flasher loses his confidence
Group petty revenge we've probably all seen.
Pushing my sister and I out of our parents wedding...
Heres to not getting fired, hopefully.....
Should've shown up on time the first time.
Which apartment do you live in?
Co-ownership spats
Let's go to the bank together!
I deleted my uncle...
Don't price match your own items? We'll see about that.
Can you help me find the thieves that stole my iPhone?
To the 14 yr old guy, your grounded don't back talk strangers
Waste an entire week of my time? Payback's a bitch.
Sweet revenge on my girlfriend's ex
Played d&amp;d , ruined the whole game
"Morning off" means "morning off"? Okay, you just remember that...
Revenge is a dish best served warm and yellow.
Good luck getting up there.
first shift bitch wants to piss ME off ? piss on yourself .
How to cope with a-holes
Don't tip pizza guy? Cold pizza it is.
Inconsiderate Driver Meets an Inconsiderate Fate
Try To Cut 30+ Cars in a Construction Zone, The Construction Workers Will Get Revenge On You.
3 girls were annoying, so I make them feel super guilty.
On the receiving end of a pretty persistent caller
Steal my camera and take shit pics
Take EVERY parking spot? You're hosed.
Cheating anxious ex embarrassed at prom
Don’t wanna wear shoes, Than I’ll make you not want them
Don’t resort to violence for it will lessen you victory
Not paying my wages? I'm gonna sue!
My desk? My stuff.
Getting back at a co-therapist who tried to make me look bad to my boss
You will endure the Jakarta traffic and have no sex
This is very petty of me
Lemme check with your boss
Spread lies about me, enjoy losing your Twitch stream.
A group of Karens get shut up at a funeral
Getting "revenge" on my transphobic mom.
I have to put my name on my food? Alright
Don't pay for a train fare then have fun going the wrong way... Come back to complain - enjoy a £80 ($100) fine
The best unintentional revenge.
Be rude to me? Of course I won't send you a bill.
How a selfish coworker learned a good lesson about generosity and reciprocation
Caught my coworker... red-handed
Hidden Remote
Baseball gone wrong
She Challenged Me
Wash your already clean car??
We just wanted to play basketball
Enjoy your business-meeting booking for 10
I pushed you? And proceed to push me?
Hope you enjoyed your chew gut
Cut me off, suck me off. Dick.
Moms can be such Bums
Want to keep me and my son up all night? You won’t sleep for a while
Neighbor throws his snow on our lawn. We block his car from leaving
An opportunity has risen
My step-mom woke me up from my sleep.
Fat shaming leads to buying ALL the cupcakes
We lowered the Amazon rating of our shitty Latin textbook from 5 stars to 2.7
Classmate commits plagiarism, blames me because of a wifi screw-up, I rat him out about bribes.
Its not the price but the principle
No time to let me shower? Well then...
Diva out on me, no less income for you.
The greatest revenge of all time.
stealing room mate get to eat spicy food
Bite me
Yes, you can only have one.
Don't lie and don't be so rude
The man who was paid out his job settlement in oil covered pennies reminded me of this...
From road rage to the bird.
Having to deal with a person making rumors about me
Screw the golden M
Delaying the McDonald’s drive through
Leave junk in front of my apartment? Enjoy it smashing the stairs and sidewalk.
Eat the bigger slice of pizza? Enjoy your penis monsters.
Ultra-Petty revenge on a college roommate
Steal from me whole year? Enjoy 6 hours of wasted time.
If you’re famous? So? Back in line
Mock me for a month, bluffing me off a hand? Try looking stupid in front of the entire company
my dumb neighbor tries to trick me
I used to work at a dry cleaner
Don't honk at me!
Park in front of my house, will you?
(Not my story ) Dad gets owned.
Nice little thank-you to a lawyer...
I click on ads for organizations I don’t like. This charges then money and gives them false hope their ads are working.
I have to hand wash your gift? Cool, I could use a new ash tray any way
Humiliate me? Embarrass me? How about I do the same to you.
So this lady cuts me off at Chick-Fil-A only to get petty revenge.
Porshe in the Parking Lot
Thanks, I think I'll buy it.
Queue Hopper
Accidental revenge on a particularly stabby dental hygienist
Send unsolicited pics of your partner without their consent? Ive got just the treat for you.
Stealing my skateboard was a bad idea.
The pettiest of petty revenges
You want to be loud at 3 in the morning? I want to be twice as loud 4 hours later.
This is what happens when you throw out my empty beer bottles!
Colin, go fuck yourself you prick
Take credit for my secret admirer gift and I'll ruin your date!
We all scream for ice cream
Petty revenge denied.
Yell at me at, I'll waste your time.
How to torture your anal retentive father. And the snail-evator.
Steal my laundry? Enjoy your crunchy hair, sticky showers and spam.
Not on my watch
No matter how you slice it, this was a pretty crummy thing to do... I'm sure this'll get a good rise!
Don't get caught by Miss X
Arrive 30 minutes after the film is scheduled to start then want to bitch avout me to a manager? Ok!
"Hurting my talk time"
Not going to let me by? I can wait
Think it's cool to cut in line getting on the plane? Have an enjoyable flight!
Olive Garden Breadstick Rebuttal
Coworker said something horrible after friend-coworker dies, so I slowly drive her to quit
Mom steals my graduation hoodie, I get payback.
Degrade me as a server? Enjoy your "vegan" veggie burger
My boss denied me time off work to recover from the flu... he now has the flu
Break haunted house rules, get punched.
No, i dont know when my shifts are mother
so i took away 80$ worth of twitch subs from a streamer
Don't piss off the person who teachers think can do no wrong.
Enjoy your randomly blocked Internet
I snitched on my ex for using a fake diploma to enter grad school
Ohayou Sayori! (Doki Doki Literature Club Petty Revenge)
Made fun of my accent, banged his girl.
Passive Aggressive Neighbor
Ordering right before close on a rainy night?! Enjoy your frozen cheesecake.
Put the money on the counter, I'm putting it there too.
I can be a sneaky asshole too, you know.
Take over my holiday? Enjoy my petty revenge
Don't be that drunk who hits on my friend's fiancé, I'll make you regret it.
And on a cop, no less.
My brother, Sharon and Rosmary, the 66 year old dinosaur.
Neighbor kept threatening to tow my friends car and file trespassing charges against them, so I took care of it for them
Embarrass me in front of my friends, I'll embarrass you in front of the airport
Petty revenche on my brother flatmate
Debt collectors called me 13+ Times today... It's on!
Steal food from your own child, enjoy the runs asshole
Don't steal my parking spot.
Wanna prioritise others? Guess I'm suddenly "busy" this week
Roommate is passive agressive and sexiles me from room, I too pass something on her property
Kid who makes me later than usual to 2nd period, gets delayed himself
Refuse to tell your patients about all of their options? We'll educate them when you won't.
You're a jerk, but it all worked out.
I killed a toxic discord community
I got hot just to get back at someone that bullied me in fifth grade.
Cut me off so i can't switch lanes? be late for wherever you're going, asshole.
Constantly having me cover for you with zero consideration for others? You try getting your work done.
Try to skip hundreds of people, try getting humiliated
How I get someone blacklisted from Comic con.
I believe I won that screaming match.
Tailgating ends well for nobody
Pretend and be someone you aren't. I'll waste two hours of your life.
Want to rush me at work because you're an impatient prick? Have fun waiting Even longer while I take a dump
Wrath of the 'Rabbit 5 Ways'
When people annoy me on reddit, I send them Game of Throne's spoilers
Bully my friend, and you and your slutty girlfriend get less ice cream!
For weeks I have been harassed by a coworker, today is the day I begin my plan for revenge.
I will scrutinise the shit out of you.
Can't prop a door open for a breeze? Have fun walking around the building!
Backs out on home closing AND leaves a shit in the toilet
The curious case of hairy shower
How a puddle of pee delivered some sweet karma
Wanna Play Choir Girl? I'll show you a real voice.
I'm Not a Student Lady
So, so petty, but it's enough
Scrunch up my work, I’ll make sure your day at school the next day is boring and you get shouted at by your parents.
My friend got looked down at by his family, now it's vise versa.
Enjoy the junk mail and vomit!!
Oh, so you were trying to throw me under the bus, huh?
petty revenge needed
Quiz-Cheater Denied
Wanna race to get to the pump? Paying with cash? Me too, with change.
Write me up? Have fun paying extra for your books!
Wake me up? Suffer.
Like to throw away other peoples stuff? Fine.
You screwed yourself
Refuse to accept more passengers like an annoying twat? Watch out
Won't help me fix my Wi-Fi? Good luck fixing that toilet then.
She didn't want to social distance, so he told her about his (fake) illness and scared her away from him.
Perry revenge
Don't Honk II
Be unecessarily bitchy to me? I'll let you make yourself look dumb.
"Hack" my facebook once, I'll laugh along... a second time, and I get petty. Major family blowup follows.
Late Night Laundry Doing Neighbors
Ask for my help, waste my whole afternoon and hang up on me? Alright.
Petty dish-washing revenge
Talk shit about my boss, receive shit chips!
Petty revenge on a pizza store
Passive roommate revenge
That's OUR stool!
Mess with me, will ya?
No Bullying? Duck You!
That’s what you get.Jewellery Salesman thinks it's a good idea to humiliate and demean my mother in front of me. Needless to say, he's now under review (AFAIK).
She won't date me cause i'm black (which is cool) but don't expect to date my half black friend either.
No. You can't stay and listen to my private medical results and cut in line
Put your pubes in my cigarette box I'll get revenge!
Need direction
You're negligence will cost you!
Information is power.
Petty revenge at a very crowded Disneyland
Freind posted about me on this sub reddit
Petty revenge on an Uber driver.
So you want to share my personal photos with your friends? Enjoy your ones being shared on your Instagram as well!
Didn't move your couch? I'll take your bathroom reading.
Abusive ex attempts to reinsert himself into my life
Take that, you bitch!
Girlfriend is letting my dog go on the furniture
Nope sorry I just don't remember you
I got someone fired before they even started their new job, and got his date's number.
One Of My Best Friends...
Customer abuses our generosity, I turn the tables on him
Girls are Disgusting
Fear the Mama Bear
WD40 vs Shitty Windmill
He said that karma didn't matter...
Put cement in my sink? Fuck your charts.
Mark Robers annual glitterbomb.
Guy thinks we'll go 30 minutes out of town and pick things up for free
Try to cut me off? Have fun without your left mirror.
Don't do your half the work? Here's a petty public note.
Nudge me out of the way at the book sale, enjoy selling your bibles.
He took my alchohol so I sold his shoes
Don't want to help me make pizza for us both? Hope you like spending the day on the toilet.
My high school bully getting evicted
You don't get to take two parking spaces because you drive a Mercedes.
Petty revenge on a returning officer (UK)?
My apartment manager gleefully assists in getting petty revenge on a parking space stealer
I don't know you,But I know what you did to that barbershop
Insult My Career Choice as a Wrestler? Say That To Me Again... IN. THE. RING!
Label maker fun
Ask me to make substantial changes in a limited time frame to my paper days after finals period is over? Enjoy a taste of your own medicine.
Amusement park ticket seller thinks I'm a girl. Dad gets her back the same way.
Petty assist
Shots Fired
You want to park your Mercedes over the line? That's cool, I got all day too.
"You are not well dressed, so you must work here."
Got a bully suspended by getting him to fight another kid
If you don't tip I will ruin your date
Long time reader, first time poster
Give me attitude when I've never done anything to you?
Annoying girl gets punnishedRuin my party, I will ruin your baby shower.
Can't shut your pie hole? No aloe for you.
Fake I.R.S. scam call.
Enjoy that greasy burger...
Wait till I’m at the other end of the state to break up with me? Enjoy being ridiculed and removed from the group chats
If you take your sport too seriously, so will I.
What a rotten way to start a morning...
I got put in detention for playing with leaves, so I did this.
That's what you get for being
Drag Racing Douchebag
Tail me because you're in a rush? Enjoy the next red light.
Don’t mess with a spiteful 4th grader
Final days as a flatmate, let the pranks begin
how many loyal dogs in your society
Karen Won't Follow Protocol so I Get Her Free Coffee Taken Away
Wasting electricity? Ok.
That time I made a bitch wait 4 months for a .34 cent refund. Was suggested share this from r/maliciouscompliance.That one annoying cousin
THAT'S what you get for being rude to me.
Giving annoying neighbors a taste of their own medicine
friend steals playstationPlayer insults my DMing and quits, i have his character eaten by ghouls to explain his disappearance
discord user disses fortnite? gets account terminated
Five-year-olds can be pretty petty too.
Cut my line?
My (now former) girlfriend used to always complain, so I enacted revenge using my anus!
Don’t want to sit like I ask you to? I’m sorry if I keep hurting you.
Getting my weekly e-sass-entials
Harass me on Carousell? Get your account suspended.
Karma is a bitch, and so am I.
Re-rack your fucking weights!
Making ex roommate regret messing with me...
Recline your seat into a 6' woman with a history of blood clots, will you?
A client cancelled a contract with my employer resulting in possible job losses for myself and collegues.
Teacher doesn't check test on time, so I make her postpone the next test.
Rude charge nurse doesn't realize who she's snubbing
Do the exact thing you just gave me crap for? Have fun with the consequences...
Uber cheap cousin and the "Antiques Roadshow" con
Driving instructor breaks law, cyclists lose him credibility and money
New car, old dog
Elderly relative houseguest wants to use my laptop in the guest room? Password protection will keep you out!
I was a victim of a petty revenge.
My neighbors obnoxiously loud sex, mock them but louder
Complain about my talk on Twitter?
Obey my compulsive need to organize things!!
Thanks for tattling, enjoy my noxious gas
My roommate is the worst
Oh, you're going to call me at 2:00 AM in the morning? Allow me to tell you how I really feel.
Suspension means I take the "Manual"
A meeting in a coffeeshop.
So much pettiness!
Make fun of me being polish? You are going to feel very stupid very soon
My mom has never handled rules well...
I was rape 1 year ago and I got Knocked up, I regret keeping it
Never mess with me
You want to call me at 2:30 am and call me an ass when I don’t want to get you food? Have fun calling everyone an ass.
I can has revenge?
The Fart Smelt Round the World
I've just realized something
I think this sub has left its "petty" roots...
I hid all of her cords
demetrio condori - Una Playlist de vídeo en Dailymotion
Wolf howl
Hope you like the new trees
A sticky situation
The Stolen Pen Saga
The evil uses of Engine Grease...
xpost from /r/ImGoingToHellForThis -- Revenge and Shattered Childhood Fantasy
Oh you don't have change for $100? We'll see about that...
No hope? Enjoy your night.
Think we're a crappy store? Enjoy your return visit.
Pillow pee
Kick me for no reason? Enjoy a broken toe.Constantly shout and scream when I've asked you to keep it down because I'm trying to revise for my final year exams will you?
Don’t be an ass to your support staff
The 34 story gas chamber.
Come in late for your shift? Be prepared to stay late.
Make me clean up your mess?
Say No one likes me for having a drink? I’ll take my time
Mean ex friend get kicked from school tour
Don’t mess with a black belt
I’ll pay the copay
Making me do my laundry in the middle of the night?
IRL karma is a bitch.
When Life Gives You Lemons...
I was doing sound for a comedianNeighbors partying and would not lower volume so i poured syrup on their door knob
"The dead cat lay in the street as a small shower soaked its body with rain water, bloating the carcass." A Diary of Retribution
I should not come to class if I’m not happy with you? Sure thing.
You bully my brother? Then lose your reputation.
Denied a Bathroom Break? Hope you enjoy cleaning up my ... “mess”.
How I got revenge on my sexual harrasser
You aren't getting your jacket back.
Just because you drive a nice car doesn't mean you can park like a dick.
Kill my fish? Enjoy this smell for the next year!
Cheat in Soccer, I'll target your faces
It's 2:30 in the morning, and you want WHAT?
Message my GF a year after ghosting her? Ok cheater (UPDATE)
I need my sleep, so please PLEASE stop waking me up.
Start up a meth lab in the basement of my old wooden apartment building? GTFO (x-post from prorevenge)
Arœna
So tired of the noise
How petty revenge prevented me from getting a speeding ticket
Don't harass geese (x-post from r/prorevenge)
Ruin my solo? I'll ruin your rating
Cheat on my friend once? Shame on you. Cheat twice? I'll tell everyone and ruin you.
Cancel my class? Enjoy 67 letters.
My cat's petty revenge.
You don't mess with family.
Revenge on stickler co-worker bartender
I'm not your scratching post
Cheat on me, face a pocketful of poop.
My coffee revenge
Some of us girls have had enough of creeps.
Stealing roommate gets internet cut off.
I don’t care
yell at me when i ask you to stop calling my store? ok...
Psychopath scarred me, so I take revenge with his crush
Please don't spray water on my father.
Guess you should learn not to tailgate
Revenge on old man who tried to fight me in my store parking lot
Trucker cuts me off and almost kills me to save himself time
Tailgating can be bad
Be a dick to me?
Petty waitress
First time posting - hot sauce revenge
Lines are there for a reason.
7 tips to calm pets at the holidays ~ Astronauts Developers
Petty TV Revenge
Revenge on channel-surfing Dad
Ideas for Petty Revenge at Grocery Store
Racist gets what she deserves... and a little more
Unpleasant Down Stairs neighbor gets the cat litter treatment...
Revenge with valet trash
You'll like this ...
Now they'll know.
Shitty server demands a better tip
High school buddy gets his comeuppance
Petty skin revenge on LoL
Gaslighting my mom about my weight loss
Entitled ferrari driver holds up street, my dad runs him over in company vehicle.
High School Reunion Revenge ;)
I hate litterbugs.
But I thought it was a fake virus?
Don't pay me back? Well, you're walking around like a drag queen then!
Ex abused me and then filed restraining order against me
Nigerian Drone Scammer Almost Got Me. Almost.
Abusive girlfriend of two years wants password to her hard drive
Bully my sister on graduation day? Good luck with that.
My bully story
Don't stand in the fuckin doorway
I woman slightly and unintentionally cut me off while walking yesterday and I refused to let that slide.
Hope you’re ok with being known as a racist.
Unsecured Wifi? Enjoy "Lockdown Mode"
Newspaper revenge
Rack your weights or lose your shit
I don't smoke that shit!!!
Dick met his match
Entitled Mommy : Don't buy chocolates, it's upsetting my kid!
So my husband had a 4-month affair with a married woman who pretended to be my "friend"....
I learned about heroin sourcing on Reddit, so I started raising awareness
Liar liar pants on fire
My Ex Stole $0.65, I made her lose $10
Housemates let random people sleep in my bed then ghosted me, revenge was pretty sour...
Be uncooperative? I shut off your gas and claim I couldn’t get in.
Two of my Proudest Petty Revenges:Grade Stomping and Cock Blocking
Angel's revenge- or how my cat taught me to pay attention to her!
Prank call me once, I turn the cheek and laugh. Do it again, and I'll post your number on Backpage as a TS Prostitute who gives $20 top and wants dick pics asap. Fuck with me.
This is what happens when you use sex to get something from me
Poor Pug, Crappy Owner
Spreading fake news in a 12K member FB group? I'll remove every single member....
So someone kept stealing my wife's lunch. It will never happen again. X post from r/Australia
Discriminate against me for my hearing? Okay, well you should make sure your son isn’t trying to fuck girls on campus first.
Car parks too close me so I can't open my car doors. Makes me wait in the rain. Make it so he can't see in the rain.
My roommate has one more strike before I initiate Plan: Exposed Kitty.
She ghosted me, so I will haunt her
Gonna be an inconsiderate neighbor? Two can play at that game
My friend's mother-in-law is a phone shouter, so...
Boss fired me for checking on the development of my baby so I deleted his business website!
Getting back at my dad
Don’t take my cologne
Canadian revenge on a tourist family
On some CSI type shit
You'll see how far it is.
Revenge on the ET.
Drive up my ass, get a free car wash
You want to brag about all the things your new girlfriend does in bed? I think she needs a new best friend...
Never make fun of the IT guy
MMO petty revenge
No, sorry, you can’t have fifteen cotton candies.
Revenge on a workplace beverage thief.
Clean my imaginary ducts
Lazy family who never walk their dogs
If you dont want your carry on touched by other bags, dont store it in the overhead bin.
A dick will have a hard time getting home.
revenge on an aggressively useless coworker
You f*ck with my sister? You f*ck with me.
Tabasco Sauce revenge
A Frozen Sock &amp; Some Soggy Crosswords
A woman complains when I do my job
Communal Area: No tents
aaaa
NATURAL PET BOUNCE For Pet Arthritis-Let Your Pet Run Healthy In Half ...
I activate instant kill on a kid spraying cologne in the hall
Went AK magazine hunting, turned the tables on a shitty vendor (X-post /r/guns)
Don't cut me off
How I got back at a GTA griefer
Land surveyor sets himself up, and then delivers verbal justice.
Act annoying or disrespectful, you get extra hand sanitizer
Enjoy the meal
So my bestfriend and me got into a fight... she was being very fake soooo
Uncaring Film Watcher Feels My Deafening Wrath
Just let your ex pay for the things you can't pay anymore
I don't think our marriage will ever be the same... (x-post from r/confession)
She'll never know..
(REPOST) revenge is sweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet
You can use my "tip" to buy a new phone
Be an asshole and leave the company but keep business phone registered for personal services? I’ll be one too
My fathers petty revenge on bitchy manager.
recorrected a know-it-all kid
Eat all my wings? Have fun on the toilet for 4 hours ;)
Dissed by teacher in front of entire school, Headmaster gives it back to him in spades.
Right in the eye!
Enjoy your now almost-useless toys!
Ram into my car, and bike away in heavy traffic? I'll just let Karma take over.
so you call to bill the wrong guy? then you'll call the wrong wrong guy
Flight School Revenge
You want to have your little shit rat dog piss all over my car and front door? Then continue to be obnoxiously loud till 2 nightly?! Well enjoy Enya and Lisa Gerard serenading you the fuck awake.
“Damn good thing someone put down some fries!”
Little cousin finally gets disciplined
I guess money CAN'T buy everything.
My bf dumped me after being abusive for months
Angry Giraffe
Break my tape? Fine, now break your own.
Egotistical girl tries to belittle me? Ok, I'll ignore her
The smallest flea can drive the biggest dog insane
If you embarrass me one too many time, I will ghost you
"If you called, I would have told you"
God's gift to technology, except...
Set trap on MY property, UNO reverse card activated !
"Hire" me to petsit but don't leave pet supplies? Okay!
Blasting audio of my RM throwing a tantrum to 11
Wtfortnite
My sisters petty revenge
To the woman that decided to hide her headlights by driving too close this morning:
Oh, you like a certain drink mix flavor? How about I make sure that you don’t get any of them...
My tastiest petty revenge... So far
I turned the Internet against an asshole who screwed me over.
dickhead hits friend during pool MULTIPLE TIMES, have fun with a black eye
Yes Actually, I DO Mind...
You won't turn down the stereo at 2am? Enjoy not having any electricity for a while.
I got tired of my neighbor throwing all his trash down the embankment next to my backyard so I collected it all and put it in his parking space.
Don't try to kiss my wife unless you want to walk 3 miles and waste 2 hours
Want to annoy me with your group texts? I've got one of my own.
This food tastes like WATER!
I'm eating a danish
Give me "half" a present, I'll show you!
Cousins are Evil
Signed up my terrible neighbor to volunteer for a political campaign.
Rabbit got his just dessert, except he didn't.
Human Statues petty revenge
Pissed off a cheater
Stick your dog on my sister? RIP your lawn
Damage my fence I damage your car
The forbidden fruit, half eaten.
A 20 dollar bill for a 71 cent transaction? Please wait here.
Revenge is best served wet
Call me fat? I'll show you fat!
Are we going to slow for you? Well, I can go slower if you like.
It's a pool...
My Best Friend Since Childhood Went No Contact Because She Thought I Was Loser Holding Her Back From Getting a Boyfriend: Revenge Is A Dish Best Severed Cold
Petty revenge on the mail lady
Previous Jerk Home Owner
Passive Aggression for the Win
Yell at my nephew for no reason? Let the fun begin.
You wanna mess with my clothes? Ok hope you like Reese’s
I switched my medication for laxatives
I got an ass teacher back.
A lady was in a rush and shoved me out of her way. I slowed her down by stepping on her in the middle of the street.
You punched my friend? Good luck on crutches for the next 6 months and a brace for a year after that.
I hope you saved some time.
Talk about the stranger in front of you at Walmart checkout in a bad way, i'll pay for everything in my cart in coins
Why yes, I will pay my overdue fines.
Hoping I'm staying within guidelines (TLDR AT BOTTOM)
How's that diet?
Captain Crazy Pants and the Useless Articles
Blocking my driveway
Air Force Basic
I Hope Charity Likes Your Tip
Like the smell of dishes much?
Thanksgiving commuters like tailgating
Summer school sucks huh?
Marijuana Brownies
/r/pettyrevenge I need your help!
Is this too much??
Get my account suspended...
Want to take your time? Well so can I.
Petty Revenge: Canadian Style
Auto Parts store employee doesnt know what I know
Threw her Textbook out
Touch my food? I'll get rid of yours!
Dont steal my tangerines
Sexually harass me at work, have fun being thrown into detox with alcohol and drug charges. Sure that will be great for the beginning of your second semester in college.
A DIY Craigslist Alarm Clock
Downvote me and then reply why you downvoted me?
I stopped my brothers cloths from washing today because he wouldn't turn down his music today.
Park my bike in and make me late? Good luck getting anywhere!
I told you to delete my number
Got to kick out a litigious Bitch.
Don't want to make small talk because you don't want to fuck me? Take your pocketful of change.
Roommate won't clean the fridge...
Diluted revenge
10 year old rabbit poo revenge!
Roommate likes to spam the doorbell
Cross post to r/badroommates
Giving a "brownie"
Oh so you think I’m stupid?
Guy made fun of me at a dinner, became president.
I've never felt more satisfied.
Automated door as a revenge bro
Bye friend!
AITA for blocking my friends and changing my number
Looking to fuck with someone whos been texting me and my friends from a number none of us know. I've already subscribed them to catfacts. How else can I fuck with this person with only a phone number?
but is so easy, i guess you are not so smart
Husband wakes me up too early..
So I made a lady pull her hair out today.
She lied so I stole her best friend
This restaurant on seamless..
Hope you don't expect to sleep in!
Professor Called Security On Me for Asking a Question
My brother used to steal my headset, but I sorted him out.
Told my high school bully exactly what I thought about her. She has been angry ever since.
You started it so I ended it.
Hey, Frenchies, don't cut this line!
Too bad it's not your decision
Rude to me for not hearing your order? Okay, fuck you then.
Dear Helicopter/Lazy Parents,
Petty Revenge at the Petrol Pump
Shitty restaurant service and my free meal
Uptight teacher gets whats coming.
Revenge of the victim
Coughing on his shitty-roommate's pillows just wasn't petty enough.
So you want to deny me a pizza
Lousy neighbors, dinged up cars, dogs barking, tuna fish and DJ equipment.
I didn't lay a finger on your butterfinger
Laundry
Kicks me from company I steal his best employee
Teach us wrong? See what your friends think!
School nurse didn’t believe me so...
When my husband pisses me off ...
Ruin my year say goodbye to your stuff
Lose my test? Suffer a stench.
Enjoy trying to pull out, human scum
Make sure your top button is done up!
Enjoy your $75 weekend drive!
Mad at me for talking during the pre show? Enjoy getting removed from the theater by texting during the actual movie
Getting back on abusive flatmates
Typical sharing-a-room bullshitBulimia Sparkles has struck again...this time with a bus!
Cut me off mid sentence, receive dirty money.
How I got my bully to move away
Customer get's angry at me for smiling
Throwback to my friend’s roast of a popular girl who was giving him shit for zero reason
Petty Grandma
You treat my apartment building as a personal bike garage? It is now my trash can.
Technically Correct
Sister refuses to clean up mess, have fun waking up at 4 am!
It's ok, she's a farm girl!
St Pettys
I get to tell my ex the guy she is dating isn't who she thinks he is
2 Hour Parking Problems
Kid is a bitch I take his $200 earbuds (TL;DR at end)
Drive reckless in a company vehicle
Disrespect me, lose your Fortnite account.
We made an annoying housemate walk up and down stairs for making too much noise
Cheat for three months and make her think it's her fault? Thank you for your donation.
Bent Quarter Revenge
Scumbag movers don't even know they've already lost.
Revenge from beyond the grave.
I DESTROYED all the Chips/Crisps
Dill-Dew
My girlfriend broke up due to my diagnosis of cancer and cheated on me. I ruined her financially.
Glued my ex bosses car to drive.
Justice! That's what you get for trying to work the system
Parking Lot Hoverer Petty Revenge
Dad and the Racist Arby's Karen
A guy who on FB was selling a bad ass panther statue blocked me because I am pro-choice. I repuposed a fake FB account as a pro-life Trump supporter and made him drive 20 minutes for nothing.
You lost my kindle fire, sorry I forgot your password.Wont let us use our parking spot? Have fun paying towing fees and fines!
Ass on a flight gets a downgrade.
Please help me get revenge on a faker.
So you stopped carrying my favourite order?
My friend out-crooks a crooked towing company and, surprisingly, has the last laugh
Tried to get me fired, eh? Bad move!
The Halloween war of escalation.
Pepsi + lemon juice is a bad combination.
Beware the drama from the Mama
My brother punched me in the gut but I got the last laugh
The racist at the library....
3 for 3 ouster
She probably didn't learn. But I felt better!
Too dumb for doors, sorry.
Do you hate motorcycles too? You will love this tale of revenge.
Petty revenge on a bully driver
Not-sure-if petty revenge
don't even know if he owns a cat
bully me enjoy you`re broken controller and monitor
The pettiest thing I ever did during a breakup was go to his kitchen and take back every spice I bought. Find another bitch to spice up your life cuz it ain't gonna be me.
Think I can't understand you? Thanks for the seat!
Overly obnoxious neighbors get a small taste of what we lived with for 18 months.
Wake my mother! It'll cost you!
Don't assume I'm the stupid one
Drive like an asshole... Why, two can play that game.
My best friends ex is a whore (photo album included).
Sister is a huffy bitch, so I become an even safer driver
So you wanna leave your trash cans in the street all week?
Sex all night just before my exam?
The first ten minutes are the best part of the movie! (AKA Airplane justice)
Hope they have an "Unsubscribe" button!
You out me to look not sus in among us I will out you
Don’t pay your rent? Have fun on your dating sites.
Turn off your brights!
Elusive Elected
You forget to pay me back, i forget who your standing next to
McDonalds revenge....
I gave her some tongue.
Girl still our money and lie about that
New to /r/pettyrevenge, but I think I've got something worth posting.
The liquid ass Christmas
Be rude and pay with a $100 bill right at shift change? Have fun with your $5's and $1's
Take the car when I have to go to work? Guess you have no gas later
Oh you have no clean plates...
Shove your personal beliefs at me, I'll make your life hell. :)
Trespass on our land? Enjoy walking into a horror movie.
Sweet sweet revenge with one click of a button
Petty revenge by stuffed animal
Roommate think he is better than everyone, gets smelly!
I gave daddy's princess a taste of her own medicine.
Don't Stick to Our Agreement, You Shouldn't Have Been Stepping Out
Roommate being a stinker...
Update on obnoxious parking
Can't spell my name right? That's cool.
Tell me you cheated, then accuse me of giving you Chlamydia? I better warn our mutual friends.
Bombs away, you naughty boys!
Cheat on Me? Enjoy the hike up 16 flights of stairs!
I’ll help you pack alright...
Bowling
Boss abused my autism so i got the government involved
Story on r/TalesFromYourServer made me remember you guys
No-call no-show on my birthday? I'm gonna ruin your fucking night.
I made my city pay for a postage stamp.
The night off petty
Revenge on asshole pedestrian
Drinking and rafting, rafting and drinking
Order something after we are obviously closed? Hope you like waiting.
Be a douche, you can't have your 20 minutes back.
Beep... Beep.. Beep. Beep. Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep!
Not gonna pay me? Enjoy your dick pics.
My roommate bought me chocolates for being a BAD roommate. Then proceeded to..
Too loud?
Coffee Mate is for babies
I don't particularly care for one of my professors, so I spell his name wrong in the header of all my assignments.
Is that your car?
Being rude when calling to a call center for help? Wait another 20 minutes
Need advice on how to get revenge with someone's address
three hole punched? sure thing.
I gave a Karen a tub of my urine.
"I HAVE A GIRLFRIEND"
Petty Revenge on my Mother's Husband
Doormat story
Orange you going to put that in the trash?
My grandpa's petty revenge vs. my grandma's petty revenge.
Noisy Upstairs Neighbours Get Knocked Down but dont get up again.
Teacher calls someone stupid, gets assignments in bright yellow
Settling the score with Chase bank
Middle school shenanigans
Do not steal a pregnant woman's seat
He was heels over head for us.
Delivery guy lied about security officer performance to her face and doesn’t get away with it
Keeping an asshole of a cop waiting....in the rain.
I keep changing names on my pc because by brother is annoying
Pregnant at the movie theater...
I'd been with my then partner a few years before I found out what the Greek nickname his mum had given me meant... And I used it in my revenge.
"No mom, I'm not talking smack! He is!"
I was told to drop this here (x-post from Talesfromretail)
Answer your damn phone, lady.
Jonas Brother Revenge
So You Get In Fights Cause Of Soccer?.....No More Soccer until 5th Grade
Don't post spoilers on facebook two days after an ep airs..
If you going to hold up the line, I'm going to waste your time.
"Water"gate
Do move your cart, I'll move it for you
Dealing with an arsehole roommate
Revenge is a dish best served from the right.
Manager who fired me got let go
In which a jerk gets jerked around
Preemptive revenge planning ruins douchebag's hopes of stealing credit for work.
How do I get revenge on my roommate from hell?
Man puts naked mannequins in his yard after his neighbor makes him cut his fence to 3ft.
Put him out of business
Threaten to take my ‘75 Trans Am? See it disappear in hours while I’m half a country away.
Annoying kid ringing people
Ruin my daughters birthday?
Mall parking lot on weekends.
Deli strikes back
Band partners don’t play and get exposed
Got scammed last year when I bought a car of Craigslist,the only thing I could do to feel better about the situation.
Steal my Coke? Have a bull penis.
Enjoy the puppies!
This may’ve been from so long ago but it feels so good thinking about it.
In which I make a customer scrabble for pennies
Two wrongs may not make a right, but a right and and left do.
The gardener strikes back
Pissbaby
He got embarrsed infront of his friends
Using my Xbox while I want to use it? Enjoy the movie!
Oh, you forgot to tell me about the damage to my new car? That's ok, I forgot to send you the plates back
Boyfriend made me cry, no cereal for you.
Fighting-over-the-lane revenge
Telling me what I can’t read? Well I don’t care!
You want to cut in line? Alright see you on the other side!
He Sure Showed Her.
You're not getting my parking spot
Neighbor towed my car... need some ideas.
Coworker refuses to let me use my employee discount, so I tell 4 higher ups.
Fuck your crock pots
Fat Bastard spit on my car!
r/pro revenge hell span teacher watches porn in class and pays
Dryer revenge
Try to use our post office box instead of getting your own? Not a chance
Some people really piss me off.
You'll just have to wait...
THIS GUY SCAMMED ME OF MY MONEY PLEASE HELP!!!! PRANK CALL THIS DOUCHE!!!
What’s the rush?
get wrekt sister
I AM an adult!
If you mess with your little sister around Easter time, you're going to have a bad time.
Fake surveys areca surprisingly powerful tool
Former Buzzfeed employee created a quiz for employees who don't know if they still have a job
PETTY WOP
Lie about receiving my refund? Enjoy your wasted food and time!
You scare me I scare you back!
McDonald Revenge
Patience, my sweet, patience...
Small christmas revenge
A girl annoys my girlfriend for months. We finally get some revenge.
I’m sick and tired of my neighbours
A classmate tried to use her race as an excuse, so I fought fire with fire
The hobbit lost his precious
That's what you get for betraying my trust, spider..
My father is awesome
Jackass tractor-trailer is forced to slow down and be courteous
Read my screen, get offended? Lets add some fuel to the fire then...
Control your children.
Nightmare Roommate
What do cat food and toothbrushes have in common?
Donut Revenge
Always late? Now it’s my turn. Father’s Day Edition of Petty Revenge.
You get me in trouble OK now stop or else
Return of the Stinky Cheese
Long Time Coming
I can't go faster, it's called traffic...
How can I get back at my neighbor?
Oh you want to be a creep? Here let me give you a taste of your own medicine.
Was annoyed with neighbor until I benefitted from his petty revenge
How we just love EA...
Don't pay your web developer? Hope you like your farty website
kick my seat? alright then.
Don't stereotype me or I will stereotype you back
Bad breath
The petty recovery of an iPhone 5s from a cheating ex-girlfriend.
Honk at me, I ruin your truck.
Parking my bike in college ..
Have Fun Paying For That :)
Ruin my politeness? Not gunna happen, eh
This is what happens when you harass a telemarketer.
Sure, have my seat.
Can’t wait 5 minutes? Enjoy your ticket!Kid wants to be cool but starts being offensive. Mom hears him and he gets scolded
Won't let me sleep? I'll lock you all out of the room.
Make fun of me for getting an aisle seat? You can have it then.
Honk at me to hurry up? Enjoy your burned retinas.
Cold roommate
Revenge on a horrible teacher
Hope the spot was worth it..
Homophobe Gets A Taste of Intolerance
The story of when I finally snapped at my horrible college roommate
Become an ass to everyone? I'll turn your only good trait against you!
You know those people who honk at traffic that can't move yet? I had one of those guys behind me today. So I pissed him off
Bad, Means Tenant
The HOA is the hero this time
Entitled mother gets Mad after Revenge on me and my friend
Wicked witch of the water
Won't turn down your music? Enjoy my vacuum.
Lady Demands To Speak To An American. Never Says What Language She Wants.
I destroyed this bully's reputation.
Customer Service dictator's reign comes to an end
Office politics
"Take whatever you want. Just be out by Monday."
Don't touch my food!
Shouldn't have cut me off
My sister was being mean and just plain horrible
Gonna be a jerk not let me over when a construction zone forces our lanes together?
Pastor goes off on entitled church goers
White House Drops 'News' from Fox News Placeholders at State of the Union Lunch (X-Post /r/video)
Made me cry for sexytime? Enjoy tadpole-filled kisses.
Can't even bother checking an item for me? Here's extra work for you
That white Australian man over ther? He speaks Korean.
Bratty girl steals my stuff and lies so i set her up and call her out in front of the whole class.
Another Dog Poop Revenge Story
"Stop saying "Have a nice day!!" it annoys me!!"
Ticket? Nah, this is more fun
Don't go through my stuff.
You shouldn't bore people to death with your Reddit post titles.
Covered my loud neighbor’s doorstep with beans.
Sous chef liked salt-spiking co-workers drinks and I turned the tables on him
Rejected for my religion
Why is my shampoo bottle empty?
Don't yield to me at a crosswalk? I'll cut in front of you at the door!
Pranked a guy that pisses me off, and fucks with my friends by putting his number on craigslist in a very specific way.
Freak out on my innocent mom because I mowed some of your lawn? Enjoy a dirty sidewalk.
How to combat those fake girls on Omegle.
Nasty lady gets her day ruined for ruining another person's day first.
Patience is a virtue.
Recruitment Revenge
People abandoned carts in the parking lot? Well, we can't have that happen, now can we?
Revenge ideas for nosy neighbor?
Petty revenge against a vegetarian co-worker.
I don't think my neighbor would let her dog poop on my porch again...
"Here's a pen and a paper for you."
You want that horse? Well I wanted what you stole from me.
Me and my girlfriend are passing trough the hell with our bad neighbors - help us to fix situation or revenge!
Stupid bitch tortures me for 7 years so I steal her cigarettes.
I ruined a 14 year old boy's weekend after he called me names online.
Petty revenge on an OkCupid scammer... currently in progress...
You enjoy hitting your students? Karma has your number...
5 mins inconvenience for me, 30 mins panic for them
Made him (literally) pay
Oh you wanted a job?
Roommate's girlfriend is at our house ALL the time...
Don't get in between me and the Drum Majors
I'm such a klutz...
This is what happens when you harass the disabled
Pointing out your superior genes? Wait a minute...
His cries of frustration are a balm for my soul
Drive recklessly? Let me "brighten" your day...
Tracksuit nags a pregnant lady and suffers the consequences
Just get in line
Leave your car in my way? That’s just fine, I’ll destroy your snow wall and ruin your work.
Undertaken on a road
My 4yr old petty revenge on me.
The least I can do
Drive dangerously, get kicked off ride share page.
You think just because of my accent I can’t speak Spanish?
Don't blast your music in the dead of night
It took almost twenty years for this one...
Per-Page Quote for Medical Records
Steals cheese, asked to leave
Short but sweet revenge
Tea time
Block me in? Enjoy your ticket
I’m not above embarrassing 12 year olds, especially when I see them stealing.
Don't mess with the people who bring you your food/alcohol, because I will fuck with you...a tiny bit
Person bullied me online, and at school. So I did something about it
Expose my crush, just might aswell expose your crush aswell.
Tailgating? Why don't I give you some free wiper fluid?
Tell me your best ways you quit a job. Looking to go leave as a legend in my horrible workplace.
Don’t know what to title it
I hope you like to donate!
Toy with my heart, I'll enjoy your wifi
Help, I'm the victim of an office petty revenge master mind and I don't know what to do...
Welcome
I finally gave my stuck-up roomate something to complain about
Harassed at work, enjoy shit tea
Grocery Manager Picture Revenge
Non handicapped people take my grandparents spot? They can wait to leave
Bad texting ettiquette returned!
Going to make me come to work when I’m sick, well then you’re going to clean it up
Kids rearrange entire house when neighbors leave for vacation.
You broke my heart, so I'll f**k your roommate.
Petty Corp
So an annoying kid shot me with a water gun...
Wanna act like its 1920? Here's the Playlist!
Napoleon Complex??
The King of Campus
Hockey coach's yearlong project... down the drain
Annoying rude girl in online class!
Friend used to bully me at school
Pot-shots at his grade
Manager-in-Training Gets Her "Ketch"uppance
Dothead Neighbor
A hole girl
VPs got our back :)
Oh, you wanted that? So sorry.
Passive Aggressive hosteler pays 1000% jerk tax on food.
Go over my head? No more favors.
Cold, but effective
I Left My Mark For Ex To Remember Me!
How to get back at loud upstairs neighbors
Karma's Sweet Revenge!!!
My brother was a dick so I messed up his Minecraft game
How i got revenge at my classmates who hated me.
How
A story of Mutual Petty Revenge Involving a Pet
Treat your co-workers like shit? Enjoy no tip!
Manipulating the situation...
Entitled playboy cut in front in large toll booth line
Woe to yee who hurt my brother
Keep me from adding a window to my roof? Let me just build another story ontop!I click on annoying ads to charge whoever posted it
Hurt my fragile feelings by jokingly leading me on infront of others? Allow me to jokingly call you a 2 week fling infront of everyone.
Enjoy your stale baked goods
Boyfriend’s mother called me fat, naturally, I made a scene.
Yell At Us for something we Didn't do?
Ski condo upstairs partying at 3:30am, so excited for my kids to wake them up in a few short hours.
long story short: my roommate was the devil so I washed her clothes in shit she was allergic to but if you like shitty roommate stories BOY do I have details for you...
Parking lots make me petty
Unpleasant soccer parent embarrasses my uncle, gets mired in petty.
Enjoy paying $3 more a pound, bitch
The French-English dictionary thief
Mock me in Soccer? enjoy the ball, might taste good!
My shitty roommate.
How I got revenge on my nasty mother with legos (oh yes)
Initiation
My roommate keeps pooping on the toilet seat
Felt ripped off by a product. Noticed the company was holding a contest. I planned to win that contest in the most evil way possible.
I coughed on your cupcakes. Enjoy.
How to be The Hero and have Petty Vengeance too
Be shitty to the airline ticket agent over your mistake?...enjoy your wait
Oops, I think I spilled a little…
No one interrupts my crap and gets away with it
Be a jackass to me and my teammates, threaten them, and do other terrible things? Enjoy getting you ass kicked.
My tiny carma
Take a public parking spot when you have a private one next to it? I mess on your car
Fire Test
Ruined mom's date with cat food
You ruin my meal, I’ll ruin yours
Anal Overkill
Mechanic tries to rip off teenage girl, I hope he likes cat facts!
My Bad Math Teacher
Cheat on me? Ok fuck you and I’ll fuck your friend.
I made my roommate smell like beef for weeks
Only tipping me small change so that your account balance displays an even dollar amount? God I suck at math...
After an unpleasant visit from Jehovas Witnesses a german guy secured the wordmarks for the german 'The Watchtower' and 'Awake!'
I must confess (even if it's to a bunch of strangers)
miss me yet?
Douchebag kid gets a faceplant into the dirt
Revenge on person parked where they should not
I need help with revenge
Take my tree? I'll take yours
Liquor kept getting stolen at parties so I urinated in empty bottles and put them back in the fridge
Petty revenge advice?
Telling me to hurry up after I stay up all night to finish a game?
Homophobic teacher gets and earful from awesome dad
Cooked a whole bag of potstickers just to spite my housemates
Break up with me? meet my brother. He'll take care of the minecraft revenge
Somebody took my food in school so I got revenge.
Make fun of my effort to stay healthy? Time to know you’re still fat fuck after all that workout
It Must Run in the Family!
Milk it for all it's worth.
Feedback would be greatly appreciated
Cut in line at the gym? I'll show you...
Got revenge on the people who mistreated my dad for years.
Website blocked in United Arab Emirates - Owner flies there with printouts of the site.
You can’t fix computers and I can prove it.
I didn't put a new bag in the trashcan.
My lowly victory against a terrible woman.
Want your 14 cents? Learn how to do basic math
Give us a job threat for a christmas present....fine.
Kid bully's me. I give him a bitch clap
Creepy teacher drops me to standard, so we get him fired.
You be considerate and I'll be considerate!
Be an ass to my coworkers? Hope you like A LOT salt.
You made me late for school.
Every Band Needs A Yoko, Apparently
Revenge on a bus driver who didn't stop
Any revenge ideas for racists?
Hopefully you don't have anywhere to go tomorrow.
Mean girls shouldn't talk about things they don't know about
When you come in to get pizza, SAY your name please..
Don't like it when I grassed (snitch) on you? Ok. How about I trick you into confessing
Staff Sergreant couldn’t keep up.
Looks like chevy impala parking to me.
Karens get squished cakes
The story of the most hilariously satisfying petty revenge of my life so far.
ET and EK almost got me suspended
Kid tried to call a bluff, gets thrown in a pool
In San Diego, Cybercrime Doesn't Pay... Or Exist
Tell me I'm behind in rent, feel my tiny bureaucratic wrath.
So you need to hurry up to get to a wedding? To bad.
Be an arrogant fan and pain in the ass? Walk home.
Is this more than petty revenge? Guess I was a pretty evil child.
Kid blame my dad death on me and pays
uncle snitches on me, i do the exact thing back.
Ended a toxic relationship and karma is a bitch
Flipping the roles on grounding.
Eat my Halloween candy? Don't be surprised when I eat your food.
Cheat, lie, use me, abuse me, kick me out? Get ruined.
I'll make it as uncomfortable as I can for you if you cut in line.
Oh, so you wanna scan your own card, huh?
At Arms Length Sweety? No Problem.
Revenge is a dish best served ice cold and rock hard
(X-post from r/prorevenge
Thats a spicy encounter
Random Texter Bugging me.
...
Short me 15 minutes of pay that you required me to work take 15,000$ in osha fines.
Where is the rent money?
bully me have fun talking to my over protective dad and loosing you reputation
Perfect Petty Revenge on Super Annoying Roommate
Internet Asshole
Bully me in highschool then ask me to fix your internet 4 years later?
Island Revenge
My friend tried to keep me in her basement because she wanted to play a unfair game...I got revenge
Oh, but it's okay for me to be stuck with menthol tissue?
Why you shouldn’t mess with a computer nerd.
Kitty's Revenge
America is indeed a lawful country... which is exactly why you’re fired and no more icicle money for you.
I make sure transphobic ex-friend doesn't get the job she applied for
Ruin my neighborhood? No Super Bowl for you.
Don’t skip me in UNO
Honk at me when i'm at a stop sign? - Not so fast
Hope you don't miss your chopsticks
No no, keep going, I'm sure you'll seal the deal!
Deleted my sister's fav song.
stock broker name arsenios vergis at bmo scammed me - hers how i got my revenge on him
Tailgate me with your high beams on! Enjoy a month without tips.
Las Vegas New Years Bullies
A short but petty revenge featuring donuts
Yeah I broke you sandal on purpose. Fuck you rude transit bitch
Expensive equipment gets destroyed. My dad has some things to say. (TLDR AT BOTTOM)
Active Revenge
Don't leave your packaging on the floor, especially not in the bus.
Voicemail Revenge
Network Revenge
Fruit revenge
Double cross me? I'll crank up ya toaster.
Don't want to move your truck out of the way? Your drivers seat looked thirsty so I gave it a Snapple.
Don't like that im bisexual? Then on you're own will, get beat up by a kid who dosent even know me!
Act Creepy In Church? I Ain't Shaking Your Hand
Be rude assholes? Pay an extra $15.
Won't let me zipper merge? Fine
The Professor in my subject always pressuring me for time and telling me I won't pass his subject, I had to do something and prove him wrong
So your kid broke a plate because he didn’t want to do dishes?
Hack me? Let me render your phone USELESS!
Enjoy the crop dusting..
Wanna Try And Steal Food? You'll End Up Watching Her Eat The Rest Of It
Impossible Sit up gone wrong
Annoying neighbours get a shitty TV connection.
Dont pay and be a jerk? Have your secret revealed to your fiance.
bully me? ok i’ll suspended you
Book farmhouse all over India on bookmyfarm.com
Conservative group forcing me to join ! He's my revenge.
Box in my car, search for your keys
Enjoy your small change, pay with a huge note man!
Mess with my dinner party? Good luck registering for class!
Food gets switched, she gets hated by everyone in the school
Pull my clothes out of the washer? Enjoy wet clothes and wasted time
Don't bother to read the paperwork? I'll read it for you.
An oldy but a goody. Landlord of doom tried to take us on, and FAILED!!!
How many people does it take to run a restaurant?
You want a refund because the service was bad? PAY DOUBLE!
Take half my retirement fund in a divorce in which you cheated? Enjoy losing whats most precious to you.
The guy that snowblowed our driveway doesn't know he did petty revenge for me.
Trying to hit on my girlfriend? I swear you (used) to have one 😇
Locked a jerk in the bathroom
New Jersey mobster jailed after road-rage attack caught on video
Ex Besties
More Subway revenge
Revenge on parking spot thief
Get me demoted? No more good music for you.
Accidental revenge: feeding the speed trap
Only stupid answers
Don’t Steal My Shampoo
Taking off the price tags? REMEMBER ME!
Wake me up, fart in my bedroom, and drink a bottle of wine I was saving? Enjoy your 500 mile Dutch Oven.
Let me play you the song of the ancients.
scream assault i will get you fired
Somebody tried to spoil endgame for me, they get what they deserve
In the wrong and no manners? Enjoy paying an extra day's hire fees!
Bye bye busboy
Advice sought for dealing with neighborhood meth cook
A petty piece of paper
How I woke up my teachers for collecting my phone
Refuse to deal with rats? Okay, Mr Landlord.
String me along emotionally for 1 month? Get called out semi-publicly.
Even my mom agrees to this
The ultimate party pooper
Trash talking kid needs to get his ass handed to him
Cut tree in half....straight up!
Landlady continually disregards giving 24 hour notice to enter our living space...enjoy a glimpse of my sex life.
Fly? Fly no more!
Colleague disrespects Supervisor and learns lesson about power and respect.
Unhook my bra? Enjoy your yeast scented nipples.
Won't reciprocate my smile? You're dead to me
Old "FRIEND" decides to cyberbully me and thinks he can get away with it.
Rude tourists get to wait for their dinner
Spoiled endgame to a teacher we dislike
Hair today, gone tomorrow.
Petty karma
F with my laundry? Oh hell no...
I work for my dad and annoy scammers
I don't want to listen to music from your phone!
You won't let me use a table in an empty restaurant for 10 minutes? I won't be buying lunch there today, or ever again.
Need revenge ideas for locker room douche
Oh, were you in a hurry to park here?
House Exchange Revenge.
Smug enemy gets confused by his own threat.
Allow me to conjure up a non existent cup
I don't like the Lana Del Rey but especially when I'm trying to sleep.
Family member was nasty to me so years later I made him suffer
Asshat coworker leaves without a trace.
Stepmom makes my muscles burn so I make her burn
Flying doggie turds
Stop parking like an asshole!
ADVICE: ASSHOLE KEEPS STEALING OUR PARKING SPOTS
revenge on abusive manager
I'm driving the full way, huh?
Don't want my free help because I'm taking too long to eat? Ok
Soaked my neighbor.
Selfish best friend? Just pour slime in her hair.
Don’t mess with restaurant workers.
Change the payment terms on me? Fine, enjoy the new minimum
black friday revenge
Prank war
Want to be included in my holiday photos? I'll join in too!
Don't bully me if you leave your car unlocked
Don't cheat and tell people
Do NOT rush me lady!!!
Older sister mocked me for being sick
how to be petty back? (kinda long)
Don't mess with my Minecraft
Woman parks in my property (kinda), sits in her car with her door wide open, and yells at me when my great dane walks up to her. She will park around my house regularly, so any other petty revenge suggestions would be appreciated! :D
Too cool? You will be my friend and I'll make sure you hate it.
Kindly stop littering!
Petty revenge perpetrated on me. Beware the audiobook world.
Leave me hanging? You'll pay for that.
Don’t like marriage… well I don’t like yours
Don't mess with the students.
You ordered one apple juice.
Short story about some parking karma
We Did Play By Play To Combat My Neighbor's Loud, er, Romps
Make me feel like a loser? Let me call your mom
Baseball camp revenge
Doughnut Place Messed Up My Order
Don’t go to my wedding shower? You’re not invited to my wedding.
Winning at the DMV
Minor Sabotage and Straight-Faced Lies. Sometimes a Good Combo.
Revenge comes as a booby trap.
I gave a bully a taste of her own medicine
Received offer? Sent counter offer.
My brother is out for revenge, but he didnt anticipate mom throwing her hat in too
Push in front of everyone? Goodbye shared armrest.
J's witnesses kept waking us up, so I got them to stop.
Leave an unwanted flyer on my windshield? I'll return the favor
A high horse ungained is a high horse punished (Ongoing)
You just take MY elevator? Alrighty then.
You’re ugly and I can mathematically prove it
I Got a Kid Expelled and Another Suspended
No Warning
A toast, to revenge
New boss being a snotty bitch.... I'll show you!!!
Be a jerk to me on the plane, have fun sleeping!
Macedonian chilli pepper spiked toilet paper
Vegan surprise.
Mmmm, sounds good.
kid punches me in the face...
Be disruptive in class, get called the wrong name
No ice cream for you
My bully annoys me for 3 years, 5 minutes make him regret
Petty Wedding Issues
My mom left me alone in the city, because I wanted to buy something. So I took a taxi and left her waiting
My Sister Spilt Water On Me..
Revenge on Jerk Neighbor
Deny Science, Intimidate Moi? Thou Shall Be Punished.
Roommate couldn't say no to a salesman.
Want to prank the bullied girl? Fear my social unawareness!
NEED SUGGESTIONS
No tv for a week mom!
Enjoy your stations
Disown me, say goodbye to a decade of work
Micromanage my exam? Have fun working alone.
Friend posted this one on Facebook.
Want to act rude and obnoxious? We'll all happily waste your time.
Neighbor called the cops on my car, now I mess with her at will.
Be a jerk in a video game?
Break my keyboard, have it your self.
My friend doesn't like people making fun of his friends
Stop cord on the bus is a shared responsibility
Wanna take my food? Fine I’ll overcook yours
A WELL REQUESTED UPDATE FOR ‘my ex will come home to a near empty apartment’
Refuse to let me go home on time? Give me loads of overtime then
Oh, you said to hurry up? I must have misheard you.
Husky Girl Gets Revenge Against Rude In Law
Hope you have fun looking for toilet paper!
Steal my seat in class? Good luck seeing the board!
Don't bully me or I'll have to ruin your ten year old love life ( x-post with r/ProRevenge)
Turn the light off when I poop, then dare to trust me with your washing....
My friend gets taken advantage of and dumps her in a hilarious way
My classmates got revenge for me
If you get road rage, don't follow me into a $20 parking garage
When I move out, I don't want my mother to have any pictures of me.
Nasty neigbours evicted
NO thank you.
Petty name changing
Extra Lemon Juice for the Extra Sour
that.felt.good.
Hold up the line? Have a dent in your door.
Nasty, social media addicted housemate breaks lockdown rules for sex, so I block her social media access
Student loans lose out on $1700
Douchy driver drives dangerously, gets pulled over.
Late rent
일산오피#귤현오피BAMWAR 1 0 점 COMㅣ▷ 밤의전쟁 ◁ㅣ강남오피&amp;옥타곤
Coffee Shop Revenge
It's "your" turn? Nope.
Hang up on me will you?
Rocket Revenge! (Literally)
‘Guy Took My Spot ... So I Put the Snow Back’
It's too damn cold for this!
report "GhOst x R4G3R" and "LeBeauGringo" on XBL for cheating me and my friend out of a much deserved victory in Clash of Heros.
Go get me that change
Best way to take revenge through someones phone number?
Give me my pizza three hours late? Enjoy the tip asshole.
No pictures for you!
I see Amazon delivered your new Hell on Wheels series today...
Guy pretends I backed into him trying to get money from me. Did not go as he hoped.
My little brother wouldn't let me check something on his iPad...
Bad CEO is getting what's coming to him
Don’t eat the cookies!!
My boss talked shit about me in Spanish... I speak Spanish
So you want to use my toothbrush ehh?
I taught a bratty girl I use to babysit for that I am a force not to be reckoned with
Cut off in traffic yesterday....
Please hold.
Landlord too lazy to do the right thing? That's fine, I'll work harder to make sure you're accountable.
Lame Mcwork story
Play chicken, become the chicken
My father has better aim than I thought...
A Pretty Sh*tty Situation
No Free Sauces for you!
Paperclip Phobia
No Emergency Lane Shortcut for You
Neighbors made autistic man cry and constantly get smoke into our apartment. They get kitty litter to the head.
Steal my mail? Enjoy your rash
I will never remember your name
Bully picks on autistic child, my friends and me. Finally gets the ultimate shaming he deserves.
Old Man Winter strikes back!
Lady is condescending towards me in a busy retail line when I ask a question. Employee overheard it, and let me go before her.
A petty ex-gf after her ex smashed the car's windshield
I hope you like Markiplier
Ryan earns the nickname "Butt Plug"
Cashier gave me free groceries because EM cut in line.
Oh you're going to throw a fit at the gym? Please enjoy the sight of my skinny self enjoying a slice of pizza during your workout.
Petty Revenge on the Office Feminist
Put me on blast for doing my job? Ok, hope you don't require my services in the future....
The Pettiest of petty...
My son thought it was ok to make fun of Cancer patients, so I shaved his hair off
My petty revenge on entitled family members.
Popsicle Sister
Auto-flush toilet privileges.
Threaten to hit me with your car? Good luck getting your car out!
Woman is audibly flabbergasted I entered the checkout before her, her wait time increases.
Say i can't play with a ball indoor. I get it on my contract
Grumpy patien
This is petty.
The Arts Fest was making it difficult to park in my neighborhood. This is how I protested.
Enjoy mashed potatoes in your jacket pockets
Won’t allow me to work in the easement? Ok, thank you for the help!
My neighbor insulted my GF's dress a few years ago so I've been pooping on various things on his property a couple times a week. (x-post /r/prorevenge)
Revenge on a TV remote "hog"
Ghost peppers suck
Got fired from a national newspaper. I was in charge of their Twitter feed. They forgot.
Jimmy John driver's last ride
Abuse me for pushing your dickhead kid off me while I'm sitting on the train?
Hacked on email, Facebook, &amp; Instagram so here’s his number
Don't block the path
Don't pay me for my time? You have to wait for what you want.
Crisp Revenge
Rude volleyball players
If you're going to purposely take up two spots in a 100% full movie theatre parking lot on Christmas day ...
As anyone here ever tried boxed revenge?
Not today, MF
Cut the line, get vomited on!
Birth of the Unplug Ninja
i trolled my ex best friend and her boyfriend
Social Security has a warrant out for your Arrest, until you make them sing Nursery rhymes it seems
Petty Beeping Revenge
Enjoy not having cookies, movies, or pretty much anything, you little cock.
Here's one from my dad when he used to work as a pizza delivery man.
No good Samaritan for you
Classmates sit on the floor of the bus
No more WiFi for selfish housemates
Ex Cheated in me w/ selling herself online and other men
Entitled Sister Wont let me to party okay guess i will ruin it
I have this friend that enjoys spoiling movies and TV shows for me. (No spoilers)
Prettiest driving I've ever done! Ride my ass for 5+ miles then you can wait a few more minutes.
No free bacon for you then.
Annoying possessive roomate
Playing music on Metro without headphones? I'll invade your personal space
Merging Traffic (with MSPaint!)
Double glazing guy tracked mud all over my carpet....
Make my sister cry, get your AIM account hacked.
DadVenge
Petty revenge on someone honking at me to turn.
Reminding some bloke that his NAN IS dEAD!
My pathetic and immature petty revenge.
Dirty Revenge on Step-Sister (NSFW?)
I feel so dirty after what I did
Now You'll Know
You don't get the right of way just because you're on a motorized scooter, lady!
Insult my Wildcats costume. I get you in trouble with the teacher for months.
Make me wait in the checkout line because you misread an offer?
How someone tried to steal credit from my groups work and how I just saved the day.
I’d rather be....
Flat cola 5ever
You don't want to like me? So be it, maybe you can deal with your students loving you nonstop
Itsy Bitsy Liar, Climbed up the corporate spout, Down come the truth and washed the liar out.
Check mate.
Warm soda
My roommate doesn't like doing his own dishes... nor does he like them handwashed
F(r)iends.
I'll MAKE you care about cat hair
Satisfying Final Message to Shitty Ex-Roommate
I'll teach you to be rude..
Now you can't take my things
Safety first, teamwork second.
I'm onto your head games, jackass.
Make me nearly fall to my death and don’t care? Enjoy a lifetime ban 😈
'Lose' my phone on purpose? Lose something else in return.
Abandon us will you?
Go ahead, don't listen when I ask nicely.
girl tries to fuck up my friendships and i fuck up all of hers
Bully damages my property, gets suspended.
You're right, I'm just a really slow driver
Annoy me all night? Enjoy your hat!
My best friend was a thief, so I stole her boyfriend
You want Jack in the Box? Okay, but if you're not back in about 2 Minutes, you'll be towed.
don't come home, don't get your beer
Petty Revenge on 007 (James Bond he was not)
You may talk the talk, but you can't walk the walk
Some guy ignored his kid picking his nose, eat it and then touch every utensil available in the restaurant BUT thinks he has the right to bitch at employees
Take the wifi? Don't work the next day then.
Grandma Ground me for no reason I make her late
"well what did I say?"
Make me waste my time? Lose money...
I ruined my boss' car
Friend Leaves Me Over Video Game He Is Bad At
Wake me up? I'll make you look unprofessional.
I Threw My Ex-Roomates Scale Into a Ravine
Chattahoochee
A classroom bully gets called out in front of her mom.
Exwife thinks she is taking everything. She didnt read the fine print
Dude on r/ teenagers was being sexist and pissed me off so I took away something he cared about
Don’t want to hear about my problems with the bike? Fine, you can ride it.
Father in law wins one for the merging sheriff department
Watch this! I’m going to get some free food!
I Blow up my neighbors in elaborate TNT trap (Minecraft)
Baby shark revenge
Construction trailer leaks rocks and damages my truck. Owner doesn't know I have video
Top Posts.
I made sure she didn’t graduate.
Customer Service Petty Revenge
Now it's your turn!
Roommate argues like a child instead of settling things like an adult.
Won't let me wait for my girlfriend? Watch me crawl through the "no waiting zone"
My movie theater experience
The Waterboy
Don't Want to Give Me My Bonus? You Don't Get to Profit from the Work I Did
Impatient with me ordering my food? Fine, I'll pay for it.
I think I'm a victim of petty revenge... from my cat
Enjoy your jacked up front end.
Not so soft, is it?
Pushing onto the train
Heads up, kid!
Give me space
The Tale of PeePee Peter.
Uni roommate used to eat my food
Still ghosting me during my breakdowns after 6 years, ill ghost you for the rest of life you stupid prick.
That's MY cup.
Don't try to cheat on a friend of mine with me
Act like my friend to cut the line and exploit the system? Get off at the wrong station and get ready for a 40 minute wait.
Tailgate us? hope your brakes are good!
Revenge on COVID partygoers
No, but you can add me on Facebook
Teaming up for minor scooter revenge on stepsister
I Killed The Bastard (and Got Rid of the Body)
School Revenge
Unintentional revenge on a rude customer
My sister thought it was hilarious to repeatedly give away plot twists to one of my favorite TV shows (Dexter).  I got revenge.  My first ever post on reddit is to tell you all about it!
You can’t hold the door open for me? How about I open the door for you!
Popular bitch from school gets what she has coming.
The text bomb
Insist I’m in the wrong seat and refuse to move? I can play that game
How I stole my coworker's title, kinda accidentally
No costume eh? Well you get less candy!
Insult My Lady Friend, Get Yo Junk Pushed In
Don't throw erasers at me
Plonker*.
Tailgating revenge
No, I would not like to get scammed. Fuck you
Ice cream 🍦
The Tale of The Cosmic Brownies
Stuffy nose leads to petty high school revenge
A children's song for French Witches
New found appreciation for my Microwave's defrost setting
Enjoy getting up and opening the door for me!
let your little brat make a scene yell at me, ill make sure she doesnt stop complaining for the rest of the day.
Hit me repeatedly in Gym class? Enjoy a bloody nose.
Steal my lab table? Have fun cleaning up my glassware....
Ruin my quiet time by using your speakerphone in the bathroom?
You me at four, at the bus stop
Don't insult my dad's friend, or there will be a massive fight.
seeking revenge on stranger who slept with ex (help needed)
Pissed on my dad's girlfriend's chihuahua
I can't do the job I'm not paid for, so why am I here?
How to handle littering
The advantages of winter road salt
Be rude every time you speak to a student? =Get fired
Anti-virus woes
Endgame revenge
Wasting protesters time at University
"Not again!"
I had a neighbor that always called the cops on me.
That time back in Cuba
That's not how halfsies works...
oh I'm sorry were you sitting here?
Accidentally shut down college email server
Dear Verizon Man
A Liar Got His Comeuppance
All you had to do was show up on time...
Roommate likes very long showers
You peel off the plastic from my new phone? I wait two years, hype it up for you as much as possible and then do it to you.
My cat's an ass
Keep bragging about your husband until you can’t
Oh you didn't know not to use the toaster eh?
Feeling entitled enough to drive recklessly and run people off the road? Enjoy your new car smell!
My friend failed to tell me about a horrible scene in a movie, so I got her back.
My teammate picked on me, so I was petty
Unintentional Revenge
Pick on my artwork? I'll hack you're website.
United airlines
Ex boss didn't want to pay my wages, we paid ourselves.
To the jerkface beeping at me
My roommates have made my life a living hell for the past year by being lying, backstabbing, two-faced bitches.
Yell at us for parking in "Reserved" space; get arrested and evicted
Sweet (and salty) Revenge
My boyfriend is a monster
Want to give me bad service and be unprofessional...enjoy the smell of urine.
You Might Wanna Think Twice Before Insulting a Deaf and Blind individual Attempting to Be Helpful to Others and Part Take in Discussions. :)
Sick of those yet?
If I can't sleep well neither will you.
Sarcasm + Autism = Squishy Revenge
Petty Revenge on Rude Driver at Traffic Light
You want to be a bitch about a parking spot? Have fun paying that $50 ticket
Coke Plus
Dont call me fat or ill spread your nudes
entitled cousin goes over the line and gets me very fucking angry
They called me a faggot, I was bored and needed a little adrenaline rush.
Moving
Don't know what drink you ordered? It's definitely our fault
Karma is a bitch and for once I am so glad it worked in my favour.
I saved a dollar bitch
r/petty revenge
Kick me out of class for a petty reason? I'll take an excused absence.
I want revenge on my ex who shared my nudes
I lost a student government election in college and I made life a living Hell for the guy who beat me
Cheat on My Best Friend? Have Fun Not Having Friends
Dandelions, the gift that keeps on giving.
Can I get some help on this one?
Revenge of the girlfriend's mom at fatburger
Email this!
I have a coworker who never picks up his mess on a shared desk.
Kids at the midnight movie...
Bully gets fecked, and is changed to lier for life.
today my gate was stolen
Lose my stuff I lose your stuff.
Petty roommate moves out
Summer Camp bullies get beaten by a 7 year old kid.
(petty minecraft revenge) Boom boom, bitch
Don't be a dick when someone is showing some kindness
An eye for an eye...?
Road Rage RegengeMy dad gets back at snippy bank teller.
Mcdonalds Drive Through
Dad vs Arby's Karen
Stereotype me based on my looks? No open door for you.
Tricked a bunch of kids into hitting an ants nest and unleash huge red ants on themselves
Planning Wholesome Christmas Revenge
Help with petty revenge on property management company?
Dorm roomie revenge.
Trying to Lowball Me On My Organ.
Awesome piece of petty that just crossed my homepage
Got scammed but have his home address.
https://www.reddit.com/r/giofilms/comments/enx0ge/annoy_the_8_year_olds/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf&amp;utm_term=link
Roommate won't let me sleep
Act like an asshole? You get the full wait time.
Looking for a stop light drag race? Enjoy your ticket.
Brother keeps stealing my chair
Cheat at our tournament? Enjoy your ruined Esports career.
The Silent Pause
Shitty landlord gets daily reminders
I burned Barney the purple dinosaur in front of my little sibling.
I need ideas!
Pick up your damn dog poop!
Ex took all our furniture and the groceries I paid for. So I made him walk around in 100° weather.
i repossessed the bath towels
Banned from laundromat
Flirty Female Fails At Fashion - Revenge for wasting company time and deliberately trash talking to customers on the phone
Use your own printer
Don't mess with your employees
Make my kid feel guilty then lie to me? Fine, no puppy love for you!
You pee in my drink? Have a crappy chocolate!
My "friend" outed me and found a surprise in his shorts later
Annoying obese kid learned not to mess with staff.
Thought I could read your mind? I hope you don't need your cash for something else
Pettier than a petty pedo
You refuse to do your job? Watch me weaponize bureaucracy.
Bitch about me to teachers? Hon, I can bitch better
I was used as a springboard while sleepingGirl at a night club said it be "funny" if I got raped
My dad never got my mom anything for Mother's Day, So I give him something he will hate
Neighbor calls police on me I get revenge
Respect the crosswalk
No More Games For You.
Please don't call again
Take up all the washers and dryers, and don't even have the decency to be on time when they are finished? Have fun getting back into the laundry room.
A tiny bit of revenge at work
Horrible teacher is called out in class
Line cutters get a cold
My dad at the store
Try to make me feel guilty about your commission? I will order the rest of the parts myself, online
Got revenge against Karen,the neglectful mom.
Request for Ideas
Some petty revenges you guys might like.
Petty Revenge Idea Requests
Wanna bully 5th grade me? Hope detention and no phone sounds fun.
Be a Fake Friend? Don't Use A Fake Address :)Of course I will remove you from our data/mail list sir!
Enjoy Hearing About Me
Dog pee
My bickering roommates would dramatically slam the doors to punctuate their angry tirades.
I'd pay a million dollars to have the person who hacked me forced to read this confession.
Sergeant Petty Reporting for Duty!
That sounded expensive
Trash Dodger must confront her fears
Locked my account unless i paid for fradulent charges? Thats fine, i got a refund for every purchase i made to you.
Don't mess with Mama
My MIL insists on breaking my one rule.
Douchebag upstairs neighbor and his precious Harley...
"The line doesn't matter" quick and easy
Apathetic friend got scammed... by me.
Kill me? I'll get them to turn on you, an Among Us story.
Measure wrong and make the customer pay? Prepare to lose a 6 figure client
Rage at me for no reason? i'll give your server a bad reputation
Moving out, need some revenge advice.Where can I give a scammers phone number?
My colleague from my last job.
Try to impregnate yourself using your boyfriend's used condoms? Seriously, who's thick enough to do this...?
Try to scam me? Good luck selling your classic car!
Disabled guy sacrifices reputation to keep bully from partying!
Assume I don't study because I have an active social life? Good luck on your next group project.
Petty revenge to the dermatologist secretary mwahahaha
Dude literally watched me leave MY spot then parks diagonal. So I park in front of him- he gets annoyed and doesn’t speak to me when I move my car so he can leave. Mind you he was visiting neighbor; not us.
laundry movers
Honk and ram my scooter on an empty road, hope you like tailgating my ass for eternity.
Eating Dinner with Cheating girlfriends family.
My teacher with a huge ego treated me and my friends like crap, so I got revenge
EX GF gets Urinal cakes with her face on them
Bitchy pregnant co worker revenge!
Tail me while I‘m at speed limit? Have fun with the cops!
We are breaking up? Surprise! I've been keeping all the money you've paid me for rent in an account to pay your student loans after we get married.
Screwing with a Scammer
Bully me? Have a chocolate surprise in your shoes!
Stole a kids favorite LEGO
We got ourselves a flame-throwing tailagator....
Don't ask for special treatment
Fuck your save files bitch
Gas station petty revenge
HE KEYED MY CAR
Be a bitch, that's not windex
A Cheater's Car
I ordered revenge for my cheating ex ...
Hope Your Day Isn't Too Busy
Don't you love teenage drivers?
Interrupt my nap time? I'll give you cancer.
You won't fix my wifi? Then I'll take it down for everyone
Want the raw video because you don't like my edit? Have fun waiting at least 12 hours for it. (x-post /r/MaliciousCompliance)
Kid bullies me so I beat him with a base ball bat
I tipped an extremely rude waitress 1%
HAHA Trombone Go BLARRPP
Yell at me over coffee and you get hot lava
Take my half washed clothes out of the washer? Find your clothes on the flooded floor
Mom is devilish with her petty revenge!
Revenge on Spanish Teacher
How Diego put the Goddess back into her place
Enjoy your shower!
I don't give a fuck about your "VIP" ticket
Maybe Britney just doesn't like you
Someone tried hacking into my EA Origin account... Now I have his email
Knock me with your bag and don't apologise? Okay.
Have fun listening to the Hallelujah Chorus at 5 am
Looking to get my uni friends house spammed with all sorts of leaflets/junk mail etc in the up, anyone know how I can go about this
So, you wish to interrupt our game of handball do you?
Restaurant revenge
Kid got me suspended so 8 got him expelled
Just a thought...
Students and Teachers get revenge on Entitled Principle
Stopping traffic
uber driver behaved like a taxi
Kids wanted to fight me for some bull**** so I sent them to the police station.
Be rude during presentations and distract everyone? I hope you have greasy hands!
Make me remove my Star Wars hair accessories? I'll put them in my bag then.
click.. being petty feels so good
Want to pass me? Enjoy your wait
FIVE FISH SOUPS.
Annoying kid stole a donut from my box, got revenge
Apology Post
Don't sleep in MY chair or you may "forget" something.
Won’t move when I say excuse me 3 times? Good luck getting your cookies!
Dont fuck with an IT guy, if you dont know shit about computers.
Parting petty revenge for my cheating ex...
Wanna Prank call me? enjoy the smsbomb~
Petty revenge on a petty bus driver
Discord disabled my account and harassed me
A cautionary tale for sociopathic college administrators
Preface, not sure if Malicious Compliance or Petty Revenge. Both happened to be sure.
Just a little petty
Moocher taste my BALLsy revenge
Can't keep your stock in date? I'll call another vendor.
Least Favorite Child/Soon to be Petty Revenge?
Give out my email address as your own? That's going to backfire.
My dog will eat your dog for breakfast
Thanks for the switch!
Girlfriend picks a fight over nothing. Have fun sleeping on the couch!
Bully gets more than he bargained for.
Mom tried to control what I ate at a buffet, walked out fake sick after only eating a nugget.
A dose of windshield washer fluid should make that ticket go down easier.
Townhouse complex bin naziI was just annoyed
Too many emails.
This why you come to school equipped
Boss Lies on Review, Boss Gets What She Asked For
Giving Directives
Sneak your clothes into my dryer? Don't worry, I'll protect them
NOT CLICK BAIT
No mask no contact
Roommate likes to use my coffee and creamer
No loot for Raiders
Laundry Rooms and Crusty Revenge
Tell the school I’m a bad student?
Played It To Oblivion
Threaten me? Your parents will hear about this one
Enjoy your 8%
My 8th grade teacher tried plotting against me, so I foiled her plans and humiliated her instead
“Do you want to play a game”
Revenge against a Spoiled Roommate
Here's your change..
Here is the information released by Anonymous on the WBC. I think you guys know what to do with it.
Hello.
Gastric revenge
Karen
There's a driver who speeds down my street .
Waiting on tables and a group of punkass kids screws me over on the bill. One forgets his iPhone...
My Culvers order isn't good enough? Well, I'll steal your number.
Im Sorry This would be a Great movie
Don't even let me finish greeting you, eh?
Spoiled Bitch in the Parking Lot
Shitty park jobs
Phone Monkeys Can Be Resourceful
Father is annoying when I take a bath see how he likes it
Take my Xbox no tv
Fuckboy tries to steal my phone
roomate theif
Tell me to shut up? Fine.
Cheat on my favourite sport, good luck getting disqualified.
That'll wipe the smile off your face.
Saturday For Me, Was A Sadder Day For You
Entitled d-bags wait for their food in awkward silence.
Brother Leaves Laundry on Bathroom Floor I Take Revenge
Maskless cop gives bogus speeding ticket, gets a personalized mask in the mail
Almost rear end me; you can get a ticket!
Think twice before flashing your dick to my mom.
I got sick of the IRS impersonators constantly calling me so I decided to spam them back.
You want to be arrogant to someone at the coffee shops? Not when I'm there.
Ban me from Holofans discord? I'll expose your wank bank
Owe me some money and refuse to pay back... enjoy your sticky ride
Killing the neighbors avocado tree
Tailgate me with your highbeams on when I’m already doing 80? Have fun cruising at 50 for 15 miles.
I'm blue.
Malcolm Merlyn's Revenge on Indian Scammer
Justice was served! Thanks to the biker!
Regretting that decision?
Don't want rubbish in your car? How about right next to it?
Super Spot Saver
Keep your shit on your side!
I Am Not Shy about my Period and my Teacher Hated It
Jealous Ear gets racist
A dish best served cold--Community Contest
The day my dad went blind
Bratty SIL demands my mother's ashes, I give her fireplace ash
I don’t get no sleep cause of y’all? Y’all not gon get no sleep cause of me.
Dont want to put toppings on the sub?! Im getting ALL of them!Homeschooled-kiddos
Los Angeles Times telemarketers in the late 80s, early 90s (and who knows? Maybe still -- I moved away around 92).
I posted this on pro revenge but it wasn't evil enough. I think this is the correct sub for IRS scammers
close the doors
(I don't know what this would go under, but let's just say META)We need to have post flairs for different sized stories.
Just do your chores. or else.
I had a dream, now I'm filled with anger
Scammers annoy me and my dad I waste their time
Rival high school crashes party -- a good ol' cockfight ensues
Sit down shut up theres a meeting going to start (Umm but......ok......Boss)
Take advantage of my daughter's empathy: Enjoy your police visit
I acciddentaly stole the kid that hated me's homework
Tailgater gets his just desserts
Mouth off to me will you.
A woman spat on me in the shop and I ended up interviewing her for a job two hours later.You want to tailgate? Fine. I’ve got time.
Wreck my car, Let me wreck your life
Don't ever steal my friend's number...
This job really does stink!
We don't need your money.
Training a new ski lift operator who thinks he's the best thing that's ever happened to the industry but left out one crucial detail.
Construction Revenge!
Formal email revenge
Got my cash? That will be the last money you get for a while
Candy store employees can be petty too.
My friend ruined 6 months of my life and i accidentally ruined her reputation
It's a small industry. Be nice.
Use my razor, congrats, you now have Hepatitis B!
Hope you look like a clown!
Throw your shells at me? Have fun cleaning your coat out.
Take the last spongebob shapes will you, feel my wrath!!
Too lazy to put up a cart? I'll minorly inconvenience you.
Toxic kid gets permanently banned
Band Revenge
Cussed at for doing my job
When you brag about cheating
Honking as the Light Turns Green
Enjoy your cheesy computer
Stare at me for being weird? Get a taste of your own medicine.
Still getting my revenge and they don't even know itDon't be a slut Anne
My dad is the reason a group of teenagers are afraid to go into the woods at night..
There is no "we" anymore.
My friends selfish room mate.
If you tell your mom, I'll ...!
Campground kicks us out for no good reason, so I use up their wifi
Enjoy your lack of extra politeness!
Tailgate me for 20 miles, you might regret it.
you want to be rude, well hope you like endless phone calls
Spam Caller Messed Up
Be quiet on my redeye or be humiliated in front of half an airplane
Not hot enough?
A story my dad told me
Cheaters Got Outed
Take away my extra 3 days off? I'll take an extra long coffebreak, every day!
Three for one sale on petty revenge!
Have a pole growing out of your head?
Story from my high school days.
Charlie Horse Revenge
Don't say sorry or please?
Drive like a jerk and hate slow drivers? Okay I know how I'll drive.
Post a Garage Sale when you’re not open? Your infant child will pay the price.
Act like a jerk and I'll leave the door open
Petty revenge FROM GOD
Recycled google number with tattoo shop
Go ahead, buddy, keep stealing packages - eventually you're not gonna like what you get
first time posting i need revenge on a coworker :(
The time I had to key a vehicle
My asshole neighbors no longer shovel their entire sidewalk
Idiot sprays me with water, gets detention.
My credit card company charges way too much interest
I blew a snot rocket into a girls food at work
Take the last piece of pizza from my child, try my plate next time.
Walk the Line
Enjoy your pickle.
My roommate couldn’t clean up after his dog, so I was petty
If you want to destroy employee morale and benefits then maybe you won't work here anymore.
Being rude? Enjoy maggots
Yell at my innocent mom after I accidentally mowed your grass? Enjoy your muddy sidewalk.
Lie and try to get me in trouble at work? Enjoy poop in your ear.
My cat hates whores (the story of a very good cat)
Won't stop blocking our street, try to get out.
Manager shows off, gets caught out
Park so close to me I can't get my kid in the car? I'll park closer.
It’s my only choice
Gonna not say thank you for my encouraging comment on your sad post? How 'bout I just delete the shit?
You didn't see me working? I'll tell you everywhere I go from now on.
Super loud upstairs nieghbors
Mandatory survey to cancel my subscription?
Computer Dealer Ripoff Revenge
Cigar shop revenge
No, that's okay, I didn't want to see the stage anyway. Asshole.
Ll
Cut me to get water? I don't think so.
Road Rage
Customer service sucks. Revenge in the form of pity.
Thank God for Bluetooth
Don't turn down the volume when I'm studying for a final? Take this!
Endanger my life, huh? Someone's taxes just went up.
Steal My Cart? Say Goodbye To Your Favorite Coffee Mug
I did what she asked.🤷🏼‍♀️
Driver won't let me switch lanes
Wake me up with your shitty music? Well I guess I'll get ready for work early
Supposed "friend" bullies me for ten years. I ruin her family vacation as a result.
It was the wind.
Guy cheats on his fiance and loses his shirt
Wanna harass me all through college and a couple years after? Fine, but you'll have to pay a cover charge.
Douche nugget did a three point turn in the middle of traffic because he didn't turn to his liking
Halloween candy thief
But I thought you liked the sound of barking dogs...
Start an argument with me? I’ll eat the rest of your cereal!
I spit in my cat's Fancy Feast because he pissed on my bed
Attack me and my dog, enjoy the kinda worse food.
Tom Mabe tells story about getting revenge against people who destroyed his snowman when he was 8.
My cousins.
Arrested, bitch!
Quiet food revenge
The (literal) power of music
Toilet trouble
My partner locked me out of my room...
Destroyed my eagerness to learn to drive? I'm gonna make sure you regret it
idk how i didn't get in a fight
Not homeless, Not a gold digger, just rich
Loudmouth MIL gets an earful of my Dyson
continued to bump into a guy at a concert
Dickhead eggs my windows to make money
S upervisor trash talks me and then asks me to come in when I’m no longer employed to do him a favor before I leave for Basic Training
Car park high jinks
revenge for image hosting theft
Don’t want my services for FREE, fine pay over £1,000 for your job
You want 6"? Sure, I'll give you 6".
E. coli
My brother didn’t give me a drink and called me a dumbass. So I ate the sandwich he was saving the entire day.
Mulaney inspired pettiness
Help? On behalf of all the "watrons" &amp; restaurant staff in NYC, anyone have any ideas for petty revenge?
I have a shitty roommate
Fat friend of a friend of my boyfriend tries to paint my guy in a bad light after a year of jealousy over me, I stab him hard in the feels after the last straw.
Revenge as sweet as this sweet cream butter.
Revenge with a side of coleslaw
My friend the Shit Tasting adventure
We get a copy of the key
The ghost revenge story
Ruined my bully's birthday.
I killed a Toxic Discord Server
Revenge in a game of Uno
I get treated badly because i walk their dog. Queue the pettiness
Lazy girl at my middle school lunch table would always get others to throw her trash away.
I popped balloons to wake up my shitty neighbors child as revenge.
Need advice on housing debt
Ozzy Osbourne's son Jack wants his stolen cell phone back and enages in some epic revenge.
Never fuck with someone on the shitter.
Using me for shortcut? Have fun getting your legs slashed up by thorns!
People don’t like to be censored.
One of everything
Ebay customer goes down
Coworker hung a hot sauce packet from my ceiling. I put 1200 in his office.
Nasty surprise for a douche owner
how i got my bully’s father to HATE him
Dont flash my wife
Pokemon Go Revenge
Ex toxic friend tries to berate me and call me a slut for being self positive, so I expose her
Cut me off while driving? Get into an accident!
I hacked a toxic persons account and tried to get her banned.
revenge is best served frozen
No Chicken for you
Insane roommate
Try to charge me for cancelling a subscription? Nice try Adobe.
Girl in highschool always had it out for me trying to screw me in every way
Steal my pizza? Hope you enjoy.
Park badly and leave it for a week get blocked in
Ex friend attempts to cheat off my exam
Safety first
Be a jerk enjoy not having a phone charger
Inconsiderate teen with ball gets what's coming
FB got hacked
King of petty
Cheaters never win
you really want me to get into the pool with you? sure!
Got revenge on next door neighbor with yappy dogs.
Don't have headphones?
Wash your mouth out.
Rude Girl on Kik.
Hot Days, a $15 lunch and a taxi!
Don't speed and stop when there's a stop sign.
Moving Out
#COMO HACER UNA DOBLADORA PARA HACER FIGURAS DE CARACOLES Y ESPIRALES DE...
I pretended not to understand my dad
Be abusive to me when I tell you we're closed? I'll make sure you can't order from anywhere else tonight.
Pay your fucking rent.
Truth, Dare, or REVENGE?
Super quick petty restaurant story
I was petty today and I thought of you.
Coworker calls out my partner’s work on a job, I do the same
Talk shit? I steal your money.
A Very Short And Uncomfortable Story
Update: quitting just before Christmas since my manager and store are total a-holes
Can't let others enjoy things? Enjoy being forced to watch.
Use your own toothpaste
Scumbag radio station rips off wedding photographer's picture, insults her and gets fans to slander her on FB....she unleashes shitstorm
My Boss fired me for asking for help
Kids break out my windows on my house.
I still look back on this and laugh. I felt so proud of myself.
All you need is a dollar and a (perry revenge)dream
a guy at my party went on a racist tirade so i may or may not have told his mom
Holier than thou eco freak revenge.
Nigerian Scammers
Stick my clothes in the garbage bin? Have fun sleeping with the washer/dryer on all night :D
Post-Trump satisfaction.
You want to put my immunocompromised kid at risk for coronavirus? Fine, then I quit!Mid Revenge
Why would you think I did that on purpose? Did you do something to deserve it?
Petty revenge christmas edition.
Scream "sl*t" at me after getting rejected? Kiss your glasses goodbye.
Bathroom Phone Call
Airplane etiquette
Oh call the cops on us huh? FEEL MY PETTY WRATH!
Lawyer v. Lawyer revenge.
It feels good to know he won't sleep now
I “Tainted” my bitch Bosses Phone. (PRE-COVID)
Crazy domestic disturbance in my apartment complex, or how I love being able to give the 911 operator the gate code and let the police deal with the crazies
Can't get a direct revenge on my brother? Alright.
X-wife tries to scam hacker gets exposed
My mom's petty revenge against overweight passengers.
Dont piss off your tattoo artist
Being sick from something you eat ain't really sick? ok then...
Spreading education (on a plane)
Heavy on the horn ? Enjoy your wait sucker
sandwich shop
Thus The Season For Entitlement
Guess it now "sucks" to be him!
Try to use me to get rid of your 5-cent coins? I'll return them all to you!
Enjoy your shower HA!
Get eye-raped by a mouth breather.
"That iPod was everything to me..."
Try to steal and play with my ball? NOPE.
Tailgate me? Enjoy wearing your coffee
I got sick of people on r/popping asking "what should I do about this?" and people giving me grief for telling them to pop it or piss off so I've not posted my 10/10 popping video.
If you're interested in using traffic cops to punish us, be warned that two can play that game (a double petty revenge!)
A childhood story from 4th Grade
If you want fresh chicken you'll have to wait for it
First post and English is my only language!
is hairless the new sexy
Whenever a family member gets arrested, I go on their mugshot and tag it "Handicap"
Too sick to hang out with me? Hmm... I may just have caught your disease.
Be a brat in the store, enjoy the dog biscuits.
Hey, you preach it, now practice it.
Who needs to work at revenge when you can enjoy karma’s work?
Wait your turn at the microwave.
In too much of a hurry to put your cart away?
Went from GGG to shittiest roommate ever? Have a little petty revenge.
Revenge: Canadian Style (with no apologies!)
Lack of manners will cost you common cents!
Sexist dick gets sprayed with mud
Limo driver's revenge
Try to get me fired for not bending the rules for you? How about you getting fired instead.
Change that folds, change that jingles.
I got an entire shitposting page taken down on Facebook
Don’t steal my hidden money
As petty as it gets - bitch blocked me for calling her a skank, so I ripped a years old patch out of a hoodie.
Another room mate anecdote - revenge in the works
Petty Snack Revenge
How do I sell my house to the worst most obnoxious people?
act like a 2 year old? get subliminally messaged that you're a 2 year old.
Dont keep texting the wrong #
Make me babysit your kid? No worries! I'll play music for them.
You called me a faggot, but I'll still leave you a tip
A Song of Sweet Revenge
Atttemt to beat up my friend? Pay the price
Courtesy of Humans of New York: Think I'm going to steal from the store because I'm black? Might as well toy with you
Bushido: The Way of the (eBay) Warrior
My European Institutions teacher was the worst
Pokemon Go revenge.
Keep me up all night and I’ll return the favor
Have fun cleaning up!
Don’t let me us the boys bathroom? I will embarrass you
Treat my vehicle like a trash can?
I randomly went looking for my old middle school bully on Facebook...
I immediately downvote posts that start with "Long time lurker, first time poster".
Bully my family? Have fun finding a new home!
Know your place, family member
I don't know where else to turn. My neighbor jumped me today on Xmas Eve.
I'm sorry I added to your road rage...nahhh.
I’m only nice to a certain point...shit mouth.
You can stay outside.
Honking at me because you're a bad driver? Have a speeding ticket.
You find heating three hours a day essential
Stalker ex?
Finally got my supervisor back for all of us employees (x-post from TodayIWon)
Roommates vs. global warming c*nts
Annoying vs annoying
Birthday reward? Not without an account.
Minor annoyance for you, but major win for me!
Spell my name wrong? Behold my passive-aggressive formatting.
When customers are rude to me I sometimes pretend their cards have declined. This time, I did that and got him arrested for a DUI.
Yell at me? No ranch for you!
this sub is gay
The science teacher who graduated magma cum laude
The last seat on the train
Sometimes I wish natural selection would take its course
Mike Wazowski :^)
Ripped my stitches just to make sure I didn't loose a challenge
Nice Girl tried to get with my boyfriend and no one believed us, so we outed her with a fake Tinder account
Angry Bacon Making
Bully me and steal my lunch, enjoy a hell in your mouth.
INnOCenT CUStoMer gEts BRUTALLY EXECUTED bY cAsHiEr
No nachos for you
Revenge Whore, quite literally.
Watch your sandals
Pray the gay away you say? I'm going to ruin this class for you.
You want something to be upset about? HERE!
I get my pettiness from my mama- this is too funny to not share.
Don't handle a cancelled flight well? It's going to cost you.
An eBay buyer scammed me. I have his name and address. How do I get my sweet sweet petty revenge?
Skip me? Sucks for you
Don't want to be my friend a month before you leave? That's okay. Only friends get going away presents.
Bus driver was a real reason to be late too
Girl was being annoying so I spoiled Avengers: Endgame for her.
Thou shall not taunt
How about you buy the toilet paper?
You break my toy, I'll break your bike... a little bit.
Failed Attempt at Petty Revenge on Mom's Meandering Voice Mails.
No Sir, by donation only does not mean free
Restaurant scammer
You get what you ask for!
Disproportionate Response
Karma will get you if I don’t
Try to cheat? Fail your assignment!
Guy Gets His Laundry Bleached
People jump me and i get revenge
Yes we’re roommates, but what’s mine isn’t yours
Maskless
Oh this was yours?
Don’t force someone to do extra work because you fail to listen
Petty deserves petty
Mess up my art project I spent days on? Enjoy the dent in your grade.
The table of shame
Sand Castles.
Shove my mail into my mailbox forcefully so it's bent, crumpled and sometimes ripped?
"Helicopter" flatmate can't stop trying to control the household and picking out any flaws in me.
Don't want to stop sending me junk mail? OK I got something for you!
Going to ride my ass? Here ... let me slow down more!
You can't stand not having the heat going? Enjoy your sauna
A short story
We're partners now!
I work at a coffee shop and when customers are rude to me I put extra ice in their drink so they get less liquid.
Fortnite Swearers!
painting pettiness
Screwed over new employer in Afghanistan
Accidental Petty Revenge.Warning Gross.
Do I need to use my TL;DR?
Turn off our hot water at 7.30am? Enjoy my disgusting eggs
Jamming in the car to Mudvayne's HAPPY when I look over and see 2 kids laughing at me.
"If you don't like it quit".....OK!
Mom vs. impatient driver
Divorce?
Revenge on my brother
Roommate didn't want to split the cost of $500 equally so now it cost him double.
I am not a goldfish...
I set my neighbours car alarm off every morningSapphires aren't a Karen's best friend.
Accuse me of delinquent tardiness? Please, I've got a doctor's note 😎
Non violent pretest (kinda...)
I get off on emotionally neglecting my neighbor's wife at holiday parties.
Ongoing petty revenge on my boyfriendGiving her something to reflect upon.
Slander me? No Masters for you!
Small town revenge unveiled
Beep beep beep motherfucker
Enjoy your tea
Stinky revenge on a Pog thief.
Break my expensive art supplies I will destroy your art work.
oi bellend, where's my train?!?!
Nike changed rules of their coupon, so we screwed them out of 2k sales in one day.
sometimes sticking to your guns works out in the end
Yell at me for trying to be courteous? Enjoy the sound of my engine
My Revenge Against Asshole Toronto Maple Leaf Fans
Car wall of justice!
A guy led me on then bullied me, so I outed him.
Spam our fax machine? Enjoy a $20,000 fine!
Work me until I end up in the ER? I quit and I'm taking all the nuggets.
Consider yourself dug back in.
No one makes pudding with MY almond milk!
Pettiness against a climate change denying senator
Mine is the OG email
Revenge at McDonald’s
Take my food and tell me how to eat it? Lights out!
Be a dick on the job? Enjoy full-frontal embarrasment.
Treat me like shit and I'll have a hand in your downfall
My petty revenge for rude customers is a minor annoyance.
My cube is not the break room.
Was sent here from AskMen: What I did to my cheating ex.
You dropped this.
60+ year old co-worker lied to the boss to make me take the fall for something I didn't do, so I adjusted the resolution on her computer screen and made everything tiny. Her pride prevented her from asking anyone for help, so she just suffered... leaning in to just a few inches from her screen.
Idk if this is bullying
Neighbor blocks my garage, I shovel everywhere but their blocked cars
Don't be mean to the cool freshman at the back of the bus
Cat popped my air mattress. I had one chance for the pettiest, cruelest revenge
Bragging to other applicants? Enjoy being one-upped
Roof Bicycle
Neighborhood Bully Teases Me About My Grandma Dying
Ruin our friendship and my trust? I ruin your TV series.
Rude customers
A redditor comments "It's not harmful when people make fun of white people, so why would it be harmful to make fun of blacks?" I called him a dumbass and he's stalking my history, so I'm posting the interaction for your viewing pleasure.
Its MY shitty gym.
"Your car payment is uh.. need to pay it"
DONT THROW FOOD AT ME
Some dude blocked my driveway, fuck that guy
Welcome to the suburbs, motherfucker
Professor Bitchface
Douchebag driver of the day.
Food for Thought
My father is still adamant that I worked alone
Car salesman didn’t believe I walk away.
Pushy landlord gets her due.
How would you handle this? Dirty Instagram
Hide-a-Key
Trucker gets his due.
Sweet revenge on brat child
Burning fire
Grown man yelling at teenage referees.
Sleep in class? Guess it's the end of the day now!
Don’t rip off the guy who does your homework for you.
Skid on my lawn and harass my family? Hope your job security is good
My Grandpa's Wartime Revenge
Beggin’ for an eggin’
Petty revenge is a dish served....not at all.
Sure, I can taste exactly what vintage this wine is
How did it taste?
Not answering my calls? Two can play that game.
Guess I'll Just Hang On To That Parking Pass, "Grandpa"
Any advice to enact petty revenge on a prank caller?
Lazy student gets owned by APUSH teacher
Lose your cool over something I can't control? You can pay the fee.
I hate street parking and I will do this again if necessary.
New GF won't stop oversharing our private messages with Mom.
I've been waiting for someone to rustle my jimmies so I can ban them from my subreddit.
Wish I had a nuclear revenge story
Unknown tame revenge on my family
No kids at your wedding ceremony? Enjoy my speech.
Someone got spoilers on Endgame
Smashing on a entitled kid in badminton
Leave me to do all the work? Bwaaaahahahahaha, I don't think so!
Terrible flatmate gets served a healthy dose of karma
Highschool Locker Revenge.
I Dealt With a Bully By Letting Myself Get Hit
Teacher makes fun of my blind friend.
Call my boss and get me in trouble after a simple request? Ditto.
Take over my chair? How about a phone to the nuts!!!
Force me to work off the clock? Okay, i will just leave your work vehicle on the side of the road.
Oh, thanks for that snow...
My petty revenge using music
Choosey Beggar Makes An Unwilling Birthday Donation To Local Bookstore
An 8 Year Old and Her Stationary Related Revenge
Invade my personal space for an entire semester? Enjoy your white hoodie while it lasts.
Managers get revenge on homophobic customer. (From notalwaysright.com)
Suspension certainly will look great on a medical school application!
You think you can put your feet up while we do the work to get the prize? Get revenge served by a Karen
Don't throw my eggplant, man
Buy new plates... or move out now
Leaving all your clothes on the floor in the fitting room for me to clean has its consequences.
Please let me sleep!
Stoplight Wars
You play music at night, I'll play in the morningMake me wait while I'm holding out cash? See how it feels.
Injure an Old Lady? Good Luck Keeping your kids...
She snitched on me so I lied about her
Pissing off an annoying kid on the bus
My incredibly petty revenge against a grumpy cat
Book Club Revenge (FAILED)
Craigslist
Short but satisfying
Made a racist look bad in front of a lot of people at a party.
Horrible Human Being Yells Apt 6 Year Old. 6Year Old Ruins His Day.
Mom's delicious revenge on roommate
It's the least we could do
Ban me and get my account server banned, I'll bang your mum.
staring at an airport
A tale of revenge served warm and nutty.
Shitty neighbor? No problem!
If you are going to be overbearing then I am going to use it against you
My roommate put my cast iron skillet in the dish washer. I need your help.
You've Parked in the Wrong Spot, so Don't Expect to Leave
At least try to care about your kid
Reschedule the class? Loose 200$ dollars worth of equipment.
Moocher continually asks for favors has finally run out.
Revenge is sweet. (Swearing caution)
i fok enemy momma. she cry she dum
The Revenge Nudge
Kill me 2 days into my hardcore rp life, I'll murder you all over a year later by gaining your trust (from tumblr)
Enjoy having your lawn cut, you cuntbasket
Oh, you’re homophobic? Say goodbye to your diploma!
Fill our freezer with someone else's food, leaving no room for ours? Ok.
Got back at lazy roommate
Petty revenge/I don't work here
How can I get revenge on restaurant who blasts music late at night?
Brother is a classic "one-upper" but ends up losing in his own game.
Don't crowd me or I'll have to infect you.
Petty Revenge... On Me?!
Throw a fat fuck into into the mosh pit
Park in a Clear School Parking Lot? I'll get you towed and chewed out by the trailer park owner!
Dirty, petty revenge, on the fly
Eat Dirt, Colonel!
Don’t Pet My Catfish
My roommate played a lot of video games and did so very loudly until 4am. I decided to make him as uncomfortable as I possibly can until he stopped.
Doesn’t know if this counts as petty revenge but hilarious as hell
Saw this happen over Memorial Day weekend...
Don't touch my side of the sink.
Rush Hour &amp; a Rent-a-Truck jackass
Wake up, Buttercup!
Bump into a nice lady, will you?
Turn on my chromecast continously? Prepare for the cat's claws
My son always opens my room's door without knocking first and this time his friends saw me in underwear (not on purpose)
Oops, I need to back up now.
Wait -- you didn't like one person's work, so to cover your ass you're firing six other people, too?
Cut in line and I’ll scream in your ears
She spit in my drink, so...
Oh, you wanna escalate service requests without giving me the time to resolve the issue? Have fun with this one.
Kicked the ex off my works wifi network w/ unexpected benefits.
Don't like my low-key cosplay? Get ready for my HIGH-KEY PETTINESS
Parking like an asshole
Shitty Dog == Shitty WiFi for you!
Harassing an elderly woman in a wheelchair? Be prepared for a long transaction.Don't play music loud enough to hear through headphones...
Made checkout as lengthy as possible after waiting 20 minutes for someone to purchase their items.
You want me to stop coming in? Not gonna happen.
You want to keep the tree? Fuck your car.
Karma is a Bi**h - My Mom Gets Back at an Annoying Woman
Nerdy Revenge on my Professor
"No I didn't and what are you going to do about it anyway?"
Happy Independence Day, especially to my English friends!
Stand in front of my locker making me late for class? I think not
Annoying Step Sister Who Made My Life Miserable Gets Dabbed On HARD!
Wake me up two hours early? You can just wait for breakfast, then.
Dont fuck with the people who plow your street.
Coffee Filter Online Store In Australia | Coffee Filters Store Near MeRuined my Study hall, and friendsship so I ruined her Saturday
Don't steal my cookie.
Fire me after 6 years? Well enjoy the lack of bathroom supplies
Steal My Food Good luck Getting sick
Telling lies? Get snitched.
There are TWO lines! How do you manage to cross both of them?
piss me off have fun with piss on you pillowGave a scammer call to my screaming toddler
I need an auto call app to spam this guy who decided not to pay me
Neighbor thought we were putting our dogs poop on his property so he collected it all and dumped it on our doorstep. Turned out to be our property.
You touch my waifu, ill ruin yiur laifu
So Sad
She grabbed my man boob so I grabbed her breast
Entire school year of bullying by teacher
School parking pettyrevenge
No time to help?
Rip our swing? I’ll rip out your garden.
Let Me Sit Down!
We tricked an annoying nocturnal housemate into spending loads of money, doing loads of exercise and going to bed at a reasonable time.
What happens when you're a butthead with the habit of leaving your laundry in the dryer.
Never get a URL tattoo
Be a dick to me at work? How about I ruin your day?
Teen housemate knowingly cheating with a middle-aged man in my house? How about some hardcore gay porn to set the mood?
Juicy school drama with a pitch of petty revenge.
Fast food revenge best served cold
I Removed A Woman's Laundry After Waiting 15 Mins With No One In Sight - Cops Get Called
Just because its empty doesnt mean its free parking
If I cant eat my food in here, I'll eat it on your bed
Ex cheated on me. Threw a party on a boat with tinder dates.
Lighting war my father dealt with years ago
Beep your horn at me while I am sitting in my van in a parking spot; you will never get that pristine spot.
Nosiy Neighbor Gets Two Tickets
Don't follow the schedule? Well drown in angry customers and burgers?
Park in a disabled parking spot? I hope you're not in a hurry...
What's that? I can't hear you.
I'll just invite myself then
I call out a "white g-thug from the prairies" type on his use of the word "nigga" in a Facebook status. A cycle begins, where I "like" each of his angry replies, only prompting the next. I liked 4 of his comments before he unfriended me. (x-post from r/facepalm)
They who be homeless, ask and be annoying, and from the heavens their wishes will come true. At the expense of the other asshole.
The gasps behind the glass doors
Wake me up every morning for three weeks? Stay outside and get wet.Delicious loaf of bread (part 2)
Karma is going to hurt
You keep leaving your dirty travel coffee mugs in the sink...
Tumbleweed Party
Karma 👮
Teamwork Makes the Dream Work
You gotta work for your foreign exchange
They time my start up went to war with a Huge Monopoly company
don't mess with the people who make your food!
Turning on the lights
If you park in the unloading spot for a wheelchair lift and leave them unable to get in, your car may never smell the same again.
I was pissed.
Why my brother uses toothpaste:
Piss me off and I will clean your vehicle inside out !
Petty revenge for invading my space.
My friend and I managed to get the test answers and she still expects me to do the work for her.
Drive behind me with high beams. Let me waste your time.
Dog park revenge
Obsessed with your hair, but dont buy your own shampoo?
Revenge that cooked for a couple years.
Enjoy the Shoulder You Overcompensating Bedwetter!
You make us move our tents, we make your feet dirty
My neighbor intentionally took up two parking spots on the street to block me from parking. I took away his usual parking spot.
Don't be petty
If you won't let me return my products then I'll just dispute with my bank
Planning to get ex coworker fired
Make fun of me and tell me I should die? Sure, have some!
Shithead bike parking
You won't waive some fees on my car loan because of a clerical error? Loan paid off.
Just take out the trash.
Oh, so you want "spousal support" huh? Looks like it's back to regular TV for you.
Spam call me? Let's have some fun then.
Teacher wouldn't round up
Taught my Nosy Dad a Lesson
Assume I look too young to be a homeowner? I'll have you wait 20 minutes before turning your service down
Sister taunts me about car accident. Petty Revenge ensues.
Liberal gets what she deserves
Dog poops in my yard, I'll poop on your tires.
Sometimes its good to snitch
Cleaning up after yourself is harrrd.
Wife made me throw away fishing bait, I refuse to go fishing with her.
My sister didn't want to share
Push my Grandma... wear a slushee.
Honk At My Dad At Your Own Risk
Pick a fight so you can cheat, enjoy look for a new place to live.
Enjoy the tip Mr Taxi Driver
Since it's so bad, just make your own.
sister steals my stuff to give to friends as birthday presents
bully my friend, get hated by the whole town tl;dr at bottom
my petty revenge story
whats the best say to get revenge on someone using their car
Petty Nudging on the Train
There goes your phone!
Shit talking retail clerk gets boobs in her face
Cheesy revenge
Bully me for years we'll see about that
The Time I Got My Cousins Uncle Arrested
Revenge level: Step-dad
You bullied me in front of MY Dad? You just woke up the bear!
Dear Daughter, please leave me alone
Terrible tippers? Unbalanced bank account.
Rabbit Poop Too
Rude customer? That's fine I'll take my sweet, sweet time.
You Sure You Don't Need That Receipt?
Eyes For An Eye
Just Duck Your Head!
Don't crop dust the master, grasshopper.
No service? No silence
Posting Fake Classified Ads to Blow up my Phone? Enjoy a Whole Shipment of Dick Pics
Simple, sweet revenge
The most sincere apology letter I ever wrote
It may be petty but messing with a little jerk made me laugh.
prankster?
Table dictator gets the table reversed on her
Tuesday Morning Carpentry
Embarrassed a customer, got congratulated for it.
Want to be an impatient arse? Hope you're not in a hurry.
Revenge on step-sister's boyfriend
My dad's friends at work hid his ladder he did this in retaliation
Sign that motherfucking check with your name on it, and the handwriting on it better match!
No More Cheese For You
Can I ask for advice?
Pokémon Card Revenge
Eat My Food?!!
You don't want to do your part of the project? That's fine by me.
Too lazy to stand up? My dad will make sure you can't see the rest of the time.
Skip on my girlfriend as her ride? Enjoy the empy seats asshole. Bonus karma.
Kick me right before final act? Get kicked during final act.
Steal my school supplies?  I think not!
Petty revenge on my professor, then he got petty revenge on me?
No. Moldy bread doesn't go there.
Stepmonster with 2 masters degrees is still jealous of me professionally.
Mess with my friends and get your a$$ handed back to you
I've repeatingly reported scams made from a scammers different account on Ebay.
Short, sweet, painful.
Tailgate me? Enjoy your free shower, moped driver!
Eating my snacks? Accept the coldness.
Mess with me good luck with your Xbox account
FORGET MY BIRTHDAY?! NO TIMBITS FOR YOU!
If you're going to be a jerk, don't embezzle.
Embarrass me in front of my peers and I'll return the favor.
Hope you like jaywalking through gum!
Neighbor complains that my car smells to try to get a better parking space? Aloha, bitch.
PETTY LEVEL 5
Sexually harassed me? Tried to ruin my relationship? Believe it or not my friends got my back.
You’re Messing With Soap? Explain that to your teacher.
No time for paperwork? You've got it
Can't be bothered to return your cart? Don't worry, I'm more than happy to waste your time for you.
My (petty) revenge on a customer who did not empty his grocery hand basket...
Snow revenge like petty revenge
Prank me by killing the internet? Two can play at this game.
Just because you talk to rich people all day doesn't mean you can be a dick
NSFW Chick who screwed me wanted her glass she got in Europe back
Wanna destroy my costume? I'll tell people how to make your wares for WAY cheaper.
Petty gaming revenge
Can't be patient when calling in? Well now you get minorly inconvenienced, and it's an ongoing thing
Snake Boy VS Neighborhood Kids
Take a newspaper without acknowledging us? Expect a surprise
Endless Box Prank
Kid runs over dog on purpose, I ruin his bike
Freshman year gym
Jerk in the military
You don't want my money? Well, tough luck.
College girl can't act like an adult, fine, I'll tattle on you
Neighbor threatens to call cops because I was shifting off legal fireworks in my backyard.
Gasoline =/= Diesel
Guy behind me on airplane closing my window and shaking my seat
DON'T TRUST CRAIG'S LIST. SCAMMERS. SCAMMERS EVERYWHERE.
Use you deceased husband's handicapped space?
I hate those goddamn electric scooters
Let me show you my favorite breakfast food.
"That one" she said as she pointed vaguely at the meat case (From my meat department days)
Insult my good nature will you? Now you have terrible credit. Boom.
Rude Bus Bitch
so this is a story I did to my ex gf
Not-so-subtle revenge on my inconsiderate backdoor neighbor.
No tasty food for you...
Ignore this motherfucker. Take passwords seriously folks.
Hannah the homewrecker strikes back
Got someone kicked out my friend group but sympathy is for the weak
Break up with me? Enjoy realizing just how much I do for you.
Talk in the silent study area? Smell my wrath.
Found this on Instagram, thought you guys might like it
Stole my book back and still doesn't know!
Pizza Is Best Served Cold, With A Side Of Pettiness
Forget your cable appointment? Ill eat your last Popsicle.
Revenge on neighbours for letting stray dogs poop on my floor
Shifty guy
Moving Out Update
(Game) Steal my hard and risky to get stuff? ill be sure to make your trip back home miserable!
AITA for not being a coat rack?
lie to me about needing my phone number to process a credit card refund?
I made a kid hit my car with his bike. Fuck that kid.
Get to the bus on time.
Is there a subreddit where the revenge is always smaller in magnitude than the instigating offense?
Oh, you wanna harrass me so I hit you and then play victim to mom? I THINK NOT! I shall use your nose against you.
Mess with my lil bro, enjoy cold feet.
Use a changing cubicle instead of a locker? Prepare to be disappointed by your not so dry clothes
Throw up revenge
Cleanliness out of Dirtiness
Teacher Punishes the Class Unfairly, Class Clown Gets Revenge
I am still signed into my exes Amazon account and like to fuck with him...
I put a song on a speaker and made a girl cry
Pizza man revenge
Cheat on me? Then I'll go out on my terms
Cancel my membership? Ban me? That just gave me time and resolution to do a good deed for the public.
Fear me, for I am keeper of the attic.
I never liked the dentist too much.
It’s impatient driver day I guess
Revenge on the Roller Skates
Be a shitty driver when I'm out on the road and I will show you some good pettiness.
How I got a little vengeance in a difficult class.
The owner and I get into verbal snipingI must have used it all
Chicken served with petty.
Neighbors decided to leave appliances in the yard for a month...
Oh, sorry, did you want to park here?
Wet socks
Enjoy your ticket!
Petty league revenge. Trash talk me all game? Enjoy not having your... (x-post from r/leagueoflegends)
Maybe you shouldn’t go around, telling kids your Hitler
You get the grade you earned
Asshole at the Gym
I got some unintentional petty revenge on my shitty landlord
Don't know the rules? I'll show you the rules!
Dumbest revenge ever, that they'll never know about
She went in the back door to not help me. Ok, let's meet on the stairs
Throw a hissy fit and steal the car? Have fun getting in.
This lady honked her car horn so loud I almost hit the car in front of me
Telling Staff to Kill Themselves? Not in this Server
Nobody drinks my beer and gets away with it...
Years of using my email? Why yes, I will take this awesome freebie.
Want to share a story about a female medical student from University of Sharjah
Don't be a bitch on the dancefloor.
Tailgaters hit a bump.... A very big bump...
Don't be a dick to whoever is serving you alcohol
Superpetty gets his way.
Insult your waitress, have fun ordering a new debit card.
No colouring after I take bath
Try to ruin my relationships, ok say good bye to your bf.
Oh you want a beer but there seems to be three rows of people in front of you? By all means, lean over and wave a 20 in my face.
Little Buster misses his train
Didn't put your phone on silent on public transport? Two can play at that game.
Revenge on an asshole boss.
My sister puts my ex wife in her place by outing her as a cheater on FB
Calling me every day doesn't magically change a "no" into a "yes".
Noodles aren't vegan
Please don’t make me clean up after other people
You volunteered me to babysit on my day off?
screw you drama teacher
Be a bully? Your English grade’s gonna bully you.
Worst/Best beach trip ever
If you're going to be difficult, could you ring up these other 150 items too?
Ignore my 1 rule, enjoy flashbacks of poop water when you eat soup.
Father keeps using my car, even though his own is perfectly fine. I make sure it's known that the owner is a girly girl.
You wanna have my seat? Sure, have my coffee too!
Constantly talk down to me and berate me about my productivity? See what that gets you...
Neighbor's inconsiderate parking (XPosted from r/accidentalrevenge)
Don't mess with my friends or I'll make you suffer for hours.
"Morning off" means "morning off"? Okay then, just remember that...
Cut in the elevator line? You'll face severe consequences.
Enjoy the scenic roadworks
Yearbook Revenge
Coworker gets impatient and cannot wait 5 minutes, and now she has to do more work
Block where I park, I'll block your driveway
Fight petty revenge with petty revenge
Revenged Local Pig &amp; Neighbours In One!
Birthday Blues
Aggressive driver scared a little old lady in car park
I hope you enjoy manoeuvring that cart.how to combat this harassment?
Someone parks in our garage (permit-level) crooked every day and I finally wrote a note.
Unruly, Rude Customer? Let My Fiancé Get You a Scooter.
Towel Wasting Brother
I got 2 new kittens a few weeks ago
Almost cause a wreck? Smell farts.
Group who put little to no work in try to report me for ableism
cheat on me? Cry like i did!
Classmate keeps making jokes I don’t like, so I roasted him several times in one day
"I'm not looking to go that far" And neither am I
Don't want to lean forward a little? Then enjoy being very uncormfortable for the rest of your trip.
Sister takes my Xbox so I “lost” her phone
Next time don't park your car like that.
The small story of how o got my cats a chair
Called me fat. Delete the account.
Oh, you're working on your tap dancing? ...Nope.
Best revenge on rip off company.
My Friend, The Yogurt Thief
Fuck with us, Lose your house.
The shrimpening
"You can kick me out over it." Well, if you insist
Brutal Service at Appliance Store
Ghost me? Enjoy a long, drawn out disconnection from my Netflix account.
A post from my university’s confessions page
I get revenge on my lying cousin
Jeep vs Eos.
toilet-tini
Is there a subreddit about actual revenge (more than petty)? Just curious. Thanks!
Most disgusting person
A little payback
Want to know everything she does? Sure! Why not!
Hasn't happened yet but......
No one messes with my sister
Girl makes a scene in the Locker room, gets hit with the book. (No, not prison.)
When the anger is just to much to hold in.
Lazy kid doesn't help us, I get my petty revenge.
You string along my best friend and you’ll get a thorn stuck in your ass.
Make a move on my girlfriend right in front of me? Prepare to be humiliated in front of your friends and family.
Boss takes advantage of his employees, his car gets fish bombed
Teacher tries stop us from joining a tournament by lying, I called her out and proved her wrong.
Try to get out of work earlier than me?
Ten years until sweet, sweet petty revenge...
Don't like my post? Well, I don't like any of yours.
Three strikes and you’re out: Crappy driver edition
Hey, check out this similar subreddit I made called /r/prorevenge! Just like the name suggests, it's like this but for when your revenge is more than petty.
Roosters in the Henhouse
I accidentally park my friends car in the sun. He proceeded to to it daily to mine.
Oh think you’re band would be better off without me? Shame you still need me to get somewhere
Revenge is best served at room temperature
Brother tries to insult my music taste, gets roasted by the entire family
Your sticker is mine now.
My sister lost at her own petty games
Which one of you used my toothbrush?
I just went into my 15 year old daughters bedroom to bitch about a mess she left. She replied with a snotty “mmhmmm” while looking away. I left her door open when I left.
You repeatedly block my driveway? Say hello to 4 flat tires
The search for phone signal
Unjustified paranoia?
Leave me stranded? Alright then watch this.
I Thought he was Joking
This is my revenge plan for my ex.
Bread fight.
Getting revenge on my older brother after 20 years.
Cause me trouble say goodbye to your social life.
What's your best petty revenge story?
Lady at Costco hogs multiple chicken wing samples, cuts the line twice, and spits the remains of her chicken onto the floor.
IS got what was coming.
Elbow in my back at a concert.
Bathroom dweller? Let me introduce myself.
Another tailgater
Good guy vet
Petty chili revenge on a chilly day.
Finish off what food I had left for the month? I put all your shit out onto the porch.
Computer virus vs Valley girl voice
Stayed with me for free and talk shit....you deserve everything thats coming
I was mad at my dad so when he left his cold, fresh Coca-Cola with ice in it on the counter I microwaved it and now It's warm. Now I can hear him in the kitchen getting pissed off and pouring it into the sink.
This is what you get for prank calling me.
Drive 5 inches behind me while I'm going 5 over? I'll go 15 instead
I'm the nanny, not the maid. Enjoy those dirty dishes!
Roommate gets naked in front of my boyfriend on purpose
pettyrevenge question mark
Corona's revenge on my husband's ex wife.
I got revenge on my horrible teacher
Advice on revenge
Define petty
IDEAS FOR REVENGE😈
Shower Revenge
"You can't put enough mayo on it" -- Oh, yeah?
You need my help? I guess I need yours
Psychocount
Don't announce your engagement during someone else's wedding, or this might just happen to you...
Grumpy airport man is still waiting for his food
A Microbiologist's Microscopic Petty Revenge
〈bam〉〈war〉 1 0 〈com〉ㅣ▷ 밤워 ◁ㅣ강남오피／／동경｛회현오피｝《부평오피》
Don't scratch the hand that feeds you
Mouse problems? I can't imagine why.
Help me soil the credits of my ex's film.
A line around the corner to do a line in the bathroom
Dick from craigslist no showed twice, got about 50 dick pics sent to him from guys trying to bang
You make fun of my backpack, ok I’ll just ruin your relationship then!
Litter the place with business cards? Have your time wasted.
I almost got fired for this line...
If you're an asshole, you reap the products of an asshole
Enjoy your shave
Knotty or Nice: Dorm-Room Hostel Revenge
Enjoying my ChikFilA
Moron takes up the only toilet on my floor for hours, I mess with him until he stops
No, go ahead. Take all the raspberries.
Sister would rather have me heard but not listened to? Touché
Roommate's awful, so I lock her out of our room in her towel for a couple hours
Be snotty about how I do my part? More sawdust for you.
singer wants to fire me from the band, too bad I'm best friend with the leader
We don't have your funnel!
Entitled Kid Steals Pokémon Cards
biggest pet peeve when driving is when people ride my booty.
No shrimp for you!
You want to play with my bra? I'll bring you one of your own.
My teacher pranked the class, so I pranked her right back.
You get tap water.To my wife banging some dude and to the dude - m4w - 35 (Lees Summit)
She sure packed my fudge!
How hard is it to pick up after your pet?
Revenge on a pool party bully
What harmless pranks can I pull on a mean coworker?
Too busy sleeping to help with the cleaning
You want to ignore no entry signs? I'm not in a hurry.
Dealing with racists at the gun range
Don't bring a snowball to a water fight - New Full Video.
can we get an r/pettiest revenge? Just short stories about small shit. I think thatd be funny...Trip down memory lane
Revenge on douchenozzle barista
Park in my parking space? I'll jack you up
Karen demands her price.
Noisy in here...
My(19m) sisters(17f) ex(18m) gotten his revenge for abusing my sister
It's my Dad's so give it back
Looking for petty revenge help!
Car Wash
Japanese man stops speaking to his wife for 23 years because he's sulking over the attention she gives their children
Girlfriend cheated so I got her university application cancelled
depressed memer nerfs a crosstagger on tumblr
Dirty looks from an old lady... no tip for you
Small justice for a small inconvenience.
Active Petty Revenge Plot NEED WILLING PARTICIPANTS
UPS stands for Useless Parcel Service
Need help with some fb revenge
Saltwater and Grass don't get along..
Talk about hurting the woman I love? I'm gonna go after the only thing you care about.
cold feet
Can't handle an insult? Don't dish out what you can't take.
Never underestimate an old lady (or rather her son)
I got sick of people on r/popping asking "what should I do with this?" and getting grief for telling them to pop it or piss off so I refuse to post my own 10/10 popping video of me squeezing an infection from a removed cyst on my scrotum.
Mayonnaise.
Asshole business guy gets his asshole tax
In a rush? I’ll walk as slowly as possible.
Mess with my Pizza?
Try to get me fired? Ok, I’ll quit and get you fired.
Tables have turned
Two-for-one revenge.
"Hiding" the smoke detectors when roommate keeps burning food.
I hope you DON'T enjoy your movie.
Extremely petty
Parking Wars!
"I can't help you clean, my ride is coming in 45 minutes."
Oh so you wanna yell at a 9yo? Enjoy some rotting jellyfish on your porch.
Don’t be a Veronica.
Bully gets his
Bully me for a year, get covered in axe
Petty revengers: how did you get back at people you knew from high school at your class reunion, etc?
Enjoy snorting my piss Mr. Ex Boss
Dog poops on my floor, dog poop's on my neighbours' doorsteps
Hide from me during lunch? Guess who is coming to dinner.
Trying to mislead and then ignore me? I won't go away that easily.
So, I blocked Fox News on my family's Dish Network and they can't figure out how to unblock it.
You beg for a magic item?,here’s one
Old Revenge- Kill Cruelty with Kindness
Think I'm looking at your cleavage? Think again! Revenge is mine!
Two failed petty revenges in an hour
Enjoy less tea, jerk.
Do not park slightly over in my spot. I'll make sure you can't open the driver's side door.
Out-pettying a terrible housemate.
Needles
I got fired for trying to steal my managers job. Today, I got him fired
Blame something on me when you know you did it? No, I haven't seen your pencils.
I'm in Canada and never expected this
Oh how the turntables
bitchy kid tries to attack me and gets what he deserves
Boy In My Grade Spreads Rumors About Me, So I Return The Favor
Be a bad person, dig yourself or of the snow.
Petty Revenge On Parents
First grade teacher meets her end
My son, the comedian!
Dick me out of half of a month's rent? Enjoy your squeaky stairs and doors!
Salty drink story.
Reddit Revenge!!
The "lost" medal
My mother came up with an absurdly petty punishment for me to control how I wear my underwear despite my being 18
'You're calling from the school, aren't you?'
Brother drank a bottle of my wine, so I ate the last half of his pizza
Professor and class gets their revenge on a delusional art student during the final critique.(Xpost from /r/ProRevenge)
Showed my gf!
"What was that about how I was never going to get a man?"
Act like an idiot, Get shit on.
Honk your horn to get me out of my parking spot faster? Let me just take a minute to post this on Reddit... I should probably post this on Facebook too.
Want it even more clean? Sure thing boss
I feel a lot of the revenges posted are more than petty
The bully gets bullied
Learn to park.
Being an Entitled Bitch? Have Some Goat Mush
I'll can take so much bs.
Think your nice car deserves to park in the handicap spot? Nice try.
Honk at me, I'll play your game....
Hotel neighbour
Oh? You wanted a chocolate shake?
Park like a dickhead get blocked in
Petty revenge in an overfilled classroom
My Little Checklist
Don't make crank calls from someone else's phone.
Constantly lie and always manufacture what I have said take a dose of your own medicine
This struck me as funny.
Classmate decides my desk is her storage area so I ruin her stuff
Bitchy McBitch Face
Revenge is a dish best served with sprinkles.
Revenge on my six-month old!
Don't fucking scratch me.
Disgusting, rude roommate? Enjoy getting sent to collections.
Annoying asshole kid in go-cart gets finally what's coming....
No ginger for you.
How I mess with Starbuck Baristas who likes to mess with names!
Make a snide comment and act superior? Prepare to get owned in front of the whole store...
The pettiest of revenges on a stranger on the train
Sweet Subway Revenge
Think you're the best at skiing? Pity you're not the best at speaking German...
My drink cost $9 &amp; I paid with a $20, but the bartender only gave me $10 back.
Drinkable fluids doesnt count as water? Well back at you.
abusing people who you ask for help~!
The nurse who fucked with the CNAs
You can be a dick to me but not my friendsWant to try to manipulate me into getting you $45 worth of food. Enjoy your small side of rice.
Post a Garage Sale when you’re not open? Your toddler will pay the price.
Ruin everyone else's game? See how you like it.
Teacher who put me on suicide watch!
Man.... that "karma"
Crop dusting retribution
You won’t hold the door for me? Fine.
He tried to hold the door open for me...
I use my debit card daily... I know how it works...
I witnessed something awesome.
Father stealing food with your name on it in the fridge? Let's see how long he keeps that appetite.
Don't lie about racism
cant post anything
My neighbor gets revenge on her cheating husband.
Sure, I'll get you onto a train. Might not be the right one, though. (Xpost /r/IDontWorkHereLady)
You can't wait, you won't tan.
Bitch slapped that mothfucker
Oh, I'm not allowed to like this movie? It's about my ancestor.
Bully gets what he deserves and more after bullying me and my friends
Dump me the day before your B-day? I’ll “subtly” embarrass you over social media.
My mom decided that a bin bag wasn't necessary
Transit bus driver blocks in car who illegally passes while checking bus for mechanical issues
Parking meter prick
Snap at me? Enjoy getting woken up by well wishers.
My step dad tatted me out to my mom for smoking weed, so I used his face razor to shave my hole.Guy harasses my friend, Dads a Cop
Send me hate messages and lower my self esteem? Have fun offline, loser
The mother-in-law bribe backfired
Can't stab you, so I'll dull your blade
Waste my day? Enjoy your purchase with special packaging!
Stole from my house? Not a problem! Coffee's on me.
flying home for the holidays
Nothing like staring deeply into the eyes of a man you've just defeated
Revenge on upstairs neighbour
Can I speak to Dee?
In a hurry? You can wait.
Calling me retarded? Well you can clean up your damn shop!
My neighbour kept blocking my driveway and now their lives are a little bit less convenient
Keep me awake at 2am, you drunken morons?
hahahaha you're stuck with the shit chair!
You call me out Im gonna call you out back
I LOVE PENISSSSS
Her turn comes!
Dark Souls petty revenge
Anti-theft bras
Don't tailgate me while I'm speeding, that's how accidents happen.
The best thing that's happened to me in years
Cold showers.
Claim that I’m bullying you?
Drive reckless behind me to save a few seconds? I guess I'll have some car problems.
RAPIST GETS RAPED DURING TESTIMONY
She got what was coming
I recently found out my ex boyfriend was cheating on me our entire relationship. Talked to over 30-40 women and lied to me for months. Any ideas on how to get some revenge? I’m feeling petty.
Teenager boy purposes to an 11 year old boy, but gets arrested
Be an asshole over the internet? Enjoy a long talk with your boss/principal!
Scammer waits 3 days for nothing.
Tyrant foster brother's life has taken a dive as he's grown up
Barking dog complaint
Get blocked
Giving out his number
Pissed in my sister's shampoo bottle for years...
Want to smash mailboxes? Better be ready to make some apologies.
Middle school kleptomaniac vs me
It truly is the hunger games
The only place I can boast about this shameful act of petty revenge...
The school won't do anything about your bullying, but they will do something about this...
Honk this
Petty revenge by doing nothing
Don't enjoy me sitting next to you? OK, I'll give the seat to someone else.
Take Care of Yourself
That's wealth
Don't put others lives in danger because you're in a big hurry.
POS neighbors
Davis, You had it coming.
I know someone close to is bookmarking my Reddit posts - so've I've deleted them.
Think you can be a condescending jerk just because of your former military rank? Well allow me to retort...
You disrespect me AND make me lose money? Have fun designing your house.
Revenge against a cat
Don't want to give me a contract? Okay
Please Don't Piss In My Cooler.
A petty battle of mac n’ cheese and ketchup.
I'm sorry? Is "un-lim-it-ed" how we say "family plan"?
Pizza Delivery "Delay"
Petty Revenge on a Plane
Ex wife uses me as babysitter... Now she's heartbroken.
sweet revenge on my landlord.
Lets ses you watch tv now then mother
A Rude Awakening
A tale of mistaken identity.
France says no to Waterloo €2 coin, Belgium makes a €2.5 coin instead
Prepay pump pettiness
bitch while I re-arrange my tech stuff? (including internet) Feel my wrath!
2 bowls of split-plea soup, please
Control yourself and your kids.
Roommate wants to play sides? We can do that.
Roommate's Girlfriend who broke our lock will get locked out!
School bully gets owned
Enjoyed making your concert experience un-enjoyable.
From Vinyl Fraud to Public Humilation to Judge Rinder (UK TV) to Court: The Story of Carl *****
I have the same one, but it's different!
Annoy me my entire school life? Enjoy another alert in the same week
Petty Revenge on My Brother
Petty revenge is a dish best served....not at all.
No Guys!
Donated time with Our Lord and Savior
Mentally abuse me? Have fun being in house lock down
Shailene Woodley Meets The Tepid Revenge of a Skunk
Be Wary Of The Frosties
Bye Felicia!
Cut into the bicycle lane to save a few seconds? Okay.
The time I got $800 from a telco
Won't Clean After Yourself? Enjoy the Crumbs!
Call yourself an asshole as if you're proud, be prepared to be treated like one.
People of petty revenge, I need your help
Talk shit on the field? Let's see if you can back it up!
Another awful High School bully story
Everybody hates me and ill never get my revenge.
Enjoy my different font sizes, font colors, spacing, and not clickable links.
Leaves junk-mail on trashy neighbor’s car
Oh, you’re close with the boss? I am too!
Silent Auction Shenanigans
Pretended to get an abortion when my asshat ex refused to pay me back for damage he did
Try to get me to be the "other guy" enjoy all of the spam!
Want to cut across me and slow down? Fine!
This car service center broke my car after a repair. Service manager isn’t returning my calls. If y’all don’t mind, give this lovely service manager a ring or text for me! Maybe she will get the picture to return the calls! 216-777-0953.
Park in our driveway and you'll get a show
Revenge on School Teacher
Don't Fuck With The Fatman
Roof bike
Rear end me and blame me for it? Guess its going on her insurance.
I Can Start Rumors Too
Parent steals our spot I steal her skis
Repost from r/AmITheAsshole
Oh, you wanted to sleep in, did you?
With road rage like that, no wonder your car is banged up.
Yeet
Need Help with Revenge on a UK Resident
Don't want to work hard ? I'll make you waste 20 minutes of your time.
Sister wasting electricity
Super-Smashed-OWNED
Mom’s at the time bf gets on my case, I take his Pepsi
You can beat sense with a hammer
Go off on me for doing my job? You'll never see your credit card again
If you keep singing your music, I'm gonna play mine.
harass me about "unpaid" bill that I paid already, enjoy hearing my angelic voice every day
Parking police get the roundabout
Petty revenge on a cat.
Creepy Person
Retail revenge, craft store style
Revenge is best served...
Trying to give away treadmill gets threatened with the police.
Being the safest driver I could be to get back at a rude soccer mum
Assistant Manager Gets Butt-hurt When Experience Matters More Than Job Titles
Falsely accuse me of harassment? Enjoy my brand of retaliation
Dumb bully broke a security class and had to pay for it.
I Got my Pen Back
Blaring my car horn at a speeder
Cut me in line? Prepare to be extremely uncomfortable.
I sprayed essence of poop on my bully
In case you did not know, here is your hero.
Caught a boyfriend cheating, got him fired
Don't call the nuts
Patience and diligence is key....
Petty revenge on my middle school bully.
Cutting in line
I can't sleep with the TV on
How my mom would "revenge" us when we slept late
French teacher makes revenge on her class
Abuse your dog and threaten my girlfriend? Enjoy never sleeping again.
Lazy sister accidentally got me pocket money.
Payback
Asshole on the bus gets what she deserves
Don't want to turn down your alarm volume? Have fun wasting your whole day off.
Dear scammer, texting goes both ways.
Christmas revenge a year in the making
Asshat messed with my friend
The meaner you are, the better I smell
Taco Bell Employee Gets A Scare
Would pay good money for this
Shitty landlord/slumlord (x-posted r/prorevenge but they don't appear to like it)
Gas thief gets a big scare.
Upstairs neighbor throws dog craps over balcony? Thats a paddlin!In eighth grade my friend left a half drank coke in my room and I made him throw it out when he came over three years later.
Take a rude jab at me for no reason, guess ill waste your time.
Refuse to move? Hope you like being trapped!
Customer writes Worst Service ever at Applebee’s on a Saturday? I bleed for my revenge the next day at a Plasma center where she works.
Criticise me and make me do all the work? Enjoy your report card and suspension!
She turned off my laptop so I increased the brightness on my phone.
Impatient Driver Gets Scared
Ways to use those freepost envelopes companies keep sending you...
Bike parking
No check mailbox? No birthday present.
You wanted to act tough? Wait for it now
'Friend' gets his words turned on him
We all want something we can't have.
Reap what you sew
Don't ever make fun of my sister
I don't like you, enjoy being laughed at by whole school!
The Toilet Paper Wars!
Scam me? Have fun losing your job and getting your shit broken.
Don’t be an unpopular leader
Tall People and Hockey
Stupid bully
My teacher humilates me, I humiliate her
Bumped a goodie goodie mothers car with my door.
Summer school, and the petty revenge of an English teacher
Bottoms up, motherfucker!
Letting a dog pooping on my lawn. Not cool.What to do to a pathological lying two faced cunt.
Trim my tree, I’ll take your shade
So I gave thirty days notice at my job and my coworkers are really mad at me. They got some petty revenge on me this morning.
I write 'horribly' you say...
Loud music? Well f**k your nameplate then!
Steal my phone, ill delete all yoir games
This glorious bastard
Petty Change Revenge
I scared boy scouts over chocolate milk
I took all of his favorite flavored Jolly Ranchers
Police assisted public humiliation
Cocky guy gets instant karma in basketball game
A watery revenge on the Caretaker
Little kid terrorizes me so I terrorize his face
Me and my ex
Don't fuck my (Ex) Girlfriend and not expect me to fuck yours
I Squeezed His Fruit
My ex friend called my crush a slut.
Non tipper revenge
H2 Hummer Driver Insta-Karma
Don't think you have to sit in traffic like the rest of us? Think again!
I shat in the sink of a pub that kicked me out
Bullies Should Use Locks
Sent Briters Choosy Beggar Girl Friend to Jail
Ghost me? Allow us to waste your time and have me rub my new relationship in your face too.
How should I get back at my neighbor who always parks like an asshole partially in my spot?
Karen complained to much so I got some sweet pettiness
Tattle on me have fun not using a computer
^ (bbh) h
You seem eager to get in to the concert... let me warm your seat.
Being trash doesn't exempt you from handling it
Soapy Ice Cubes.
Hardware Store Revenge
Bully the other cat constantly? I'll show you how he feels.
TLDR: Ignore the women in charge, get free farts
I got my FWB a Valentine's Day Card with i love you on it today
Throw a tanty? No clean panties!
Fuck shitty animal abusing neighbors
Moving Day
Teacher doesn’t get contract renewed, screws school over
Dealing with mail order spam
The Remote Bounty
You woke me up for what?
I’m sure many have done this but I haven’t seen it
A fight with my girlfriend.
Help me?
If you take something that I want, be ready to lose something that you want.
I need your petty advice.
Get in my face? You get nothing.
Sometimes revenge is pizza without two layers of cheese...
Be ignorant and rude all flight? I hope you don't miss your jacket
Aggressive tailgater
Be in an unreasonable nitpicky mood?
Ruin my yawn? You forget who you're married to?
Gas Station pettiness
Be a dick teacher? Say goodbye to your computer
Let's Play Turkey Tag!
Annoy me and my friends for months? Guess you won’t be needing your toy!
Back up traffic? Enjoy your little detour.
Dickhead manager loses some of his best workers
So you’re sick huh?
Don’t like me taking MC? Fine, let’s all be sick together
Queue cutting at the airport
I get petty revenge in bully neighbour.
Best friend payed for lunch on his birthday, has to stand awkwardly.
A breakfast ill never forget...
You give me attitude? No cereal for you!
You think you can talk shit about me while I’m doing chores? Enjoy doing them
Get out of the fast lane
It's a good way to avoid accidents.
"You Gonna Shoot Me, Booth?"
You're gonna have a hard time cleaning that fish tank...
Revenge against a deadbeat roommate who liked to read
How to trick a bully
Don't bite the hand that feeds you.
Butt in front of me, and I'll block you.
Asshole teacher gets what he deserved
You complain about my yard i'll complain about your yard
Blow your horn at me? Fine.
So you feel you were cheated out of fifteen minutes? Let me fix that.
Why can't I get any babysitting gigs from my neighbors? (Hint: It's because they hate me.)
Be a bunch of dickbags while I'm in the bathroom? Enjoy buying toilet paper sooner than expected.
Ruining a friends date after he didn’t pay back money I lent him
Change for a 20?
Have fun removing all of the cement blocks that are blocking your car.
The snarky drive-thru lady
Landlord tries to overcharge us, ends up costing them 10x more!
Throw candy at me, will you?
I anonymously told an old school bully she had a miscarriage for being horrible to other kids when we were younger.
Enjoy covering the shift yourself
Petty customer service payback
Steal my sustenance? Consume my bi-product.
Oh so your doing cardio?
Younger sister wouldn’t turn down her music so I blasted mine
Revenge against my dealers ex
Discomfort Dental
If your lights disappeared from my rearview that means you’re too close...
My dad accidentally modified his car to get petty revenge on tailgaters.
I made a classmate that I hated cry on the last day of school
If you ignore my shower dibs, I'll lose my mind.
The Great Street Parking Hunt 2014
Try to scam me? Spam you!
The Queen of petty revenge and the wedding
Pool table Revenge
At the stoplight
Excuse me, I was next.
I still feel kind of shitty about it.
Trash talker gets his ass handled to him
Crash and Burn (hopefully)
A passive-aggressive war over an empty toilet roll
Dryer rage
"borrow" my post without giving me credit? I have a surprise for you.
Battle for Parking
When German's take over
Cat shit
Karen's convoy
I'll let Mother Nature do the petty revenge for me.
"You'll figure it out"
Passing lane hog nearly missed her exit
No contribution? No reward.
“Chad” bro gets a lesson on ghosting
Train your dogs or my dad will train you.
Always take the best parking spot?
Soft Packs Suck....
Tailgating.
I looked on in pure bliss as I choked the living daylights out of her.
Idiot Friend
You'll (g)love this one!
Won't let me past? Sure, that's fine.
Tailgater tricked into speed trap
Random Male decides to shoo me in a store. I have very strong feelings about that.
You don't care about climbing easy rules? Take care of the unexpected consequences
Tell lies about me, I will tell the truth about you and you'll lose a job opportunity.
Pretty petty parking payback.
My revenge on shit father cheated on my mother
I was down sized yesterday from a big electronics store (x post from r/self)
My geeky friend exposed me for my terrible Spanish pronunciation, so I exposed him BUTT-NAKED!
A customer has decided to run out on his bill. I'm not posting it but I have his cell phone number, about 50 pictures of him and his email address.... any ideas on how I could get him to pay?
Working by candlelight
My entitled step mom
Chain Mail? Ok.
A ladyrefused to pay for the damage she caused to my car
My Douche Neighbor's Argument.
Keep us up all night? Good luck napping all day!
Annoying self-entitled room mate gets whats he deserves with the help of an unfortunate girl.
Penmanship
I get (about) a weekly dosage of petty revenge.
Make me move from an unassinged seat? Have fun getting a zero on your Unit Test.
Break my pen? Enjoy losing your "toy". *reverse card
Forced a kid to move.
Karen tells her kid to bully other kids then cry’s when they fight back
Karma is a big fat bitch.
Parking Lot Revenge with an Officer Assist!
We share a bathroom..
I'm listening
"I'll goto Hungry Jacks for my coffee then!" (xpost from /r/TalesFromRetail)
Petty Revenge R6 edition
on my-homophobic uncle
Toss dog shit over my property line? Enjoy a year of shit in one day.
If you make Swedish furniture store an even more hellish process then you may go home with the wrong screws
Customers with bad attitudes.
I’m a fucking gremlin
I bet you don't feel so special anymore!
Give me a stink eye? I hope you like paying a fine.
Maybe you shouldn't have tried to prevent me from merging on a 2-lane road
Block the Fox
Resteraunt employee refuses service to paying homeless man.
Refuse to honor a contract that YOU wrote up? You might just lose your most expensive possession.
Annoy the me?Get some sweet revenge.
Revenge is Ice Cream
When I spit into tic tacks
Don't fuck with my post its.
my sister the oil scab, a slippery tail of an oil trail
Lana Del Reyvenge
Think you can get away with taking up 2 parking spaces?
A girl at the pool steals my goggles and gets what she deserves
Unplug my phone to charge your laptop? Enjoy your flight!
You won't take our land without a fight (x-comment AskReddit)
Swift hand of Busjustice--BUSTICE
Some woman got mad and honked at me for letting my car warm up when she wanted my spot, so I left her a petty surprise.
Won't move? Wheely?
Petty Fart
Dueling TV remotes with roommate's annoying girlfriend
Fucking roommates.
Spamming the scammer
I can out obnoxious you
Judge not lest you shall be judged
Screw you cabbie, this is my spot
Revenge for the office food/drink thief!
This Scammer tried to still my fake $5 dollars guss what i dont have $5 dollars.
Dumb rich lady gets what she deserves unexpectedly.
The Bird is the Word.
Bully 3 young girls in their home? Enjoy some petty revenge.
Question for you all
Turn the lights off when i'm shitting in a public bathroom? Ill leave one in your hot car.
Thanks for the security deposit back Mr. Landlord!
Weird guy tried to get me in trouble, I got him fired.The story of my petty revenge against a douche-bag online.
Want to throw all your trash out of your car on the highway? Have fun never going over 50mph
Laugh at me when I need to leave work early? Good luck running half staffed.
Made my ex roommate throw away all his silverware and toothbrush etc. by leaving a note.
You are going to find out who I am? Okay, just remember that all calls are recorded.
Bully gets bullied
Scam me and others out of hundreds of dollars on a Minecraft Realm? Prepare to lose all of your playerbase and get into legal trouble.
Won't listen to your parents or sibling? Fine, you get to experience your own actions
/r/Pettyrevenge, help me!
My sister couldn't handle Skrillex.
Asshole shopper
Extremely petty! I destroyed someone’s reputation in an online community?
Rude to me? Get evicted.
Bus Bullies
I let him bang on the door for 2 hours
Signed someone to a website
Put your cart in the corral, ass hat.
Want my revision notes? Sure, here's an entirely new set. Entirely, completely new.
Karen makes my cleaning up harder, I give a terrible day
Had my roommate suspended from campus living and down over $400
Petty revenge against a plumber who wouldn't wear a mask
Putting my best friend's racist cousin in his place
I'm sorry for last evening ;)
Cheat on me....ok now your homeless and paying for 2 children..
Ultrasound tech shows me who’s boss
Revenge (petty) on a verbally abusive manager and business that broke multiple regulations. Business is still struggling to this day...
Neighbors abandoned me at apartment elevator, i left a silent surprise
Want to smack my ass every gym day how about no
Slap Your Chops, Taste My Bag.
Insult my sprained foot see how that goes
Stop The Butts
Pay your own damn toll
Condom wrapper surprise
Underage girl I met at a bar turns into an absolute nutcase - simple solution
You Get What You Give
I hope you catch my cold lady
Don't let the dogs out before you go to bed? Enjoy washing your sheets.
Posted on an ask reddit "what's your worst roommate story" was told to post here as well
Force us to use ancient parking machines? Have fun cleaning out all the 10 cent coins
She won't let me watch so neither will she
Interrupt my lunch, will you?
Revenge on my english teacher
Hello there just let me shake your hand
You demand I take your photo? Sure, I’ll give you photos.
Request: this is just a test
Revenge on a scammer
Good luck ordering, asshole.
Born In A Barn???
Tiny girl thinks she can slip by unnoticed . . .
Fed Ex and their "Delivery exception"
i swear, it got corrupted, i totally didn't mess with it, honestly.
Well, you thought locking my stuff away was funny. Why aren't you laughing now.
You think you own the road or something ?
No more anything for you
Some dude spoiled the Red Wedding for me. Two years later I got my revenge
Abusing the Shoulder
Spread malicious rumours about me? Enjoy the humiliation of bragging about being pranked
After getting random wrongly addressed emails, I finally SNAPPED!
Don't Forget Grandma
Trying to cut the queue? We'll see about that
Scumbag Whirlpool Corporation Revenge
Can't get past? Bummer.
High pitch sound in the office.
Revenge on my landlord
Lure me into your guesthouse with misleading advertising? I'll make your "optional extras" free...
Park in my spot, Good luck getting outGive someone an extra day of work for saving someone’s life? Okay, you’ll just work her day!
Keep me behind? Ill keep you behind
I get petty revenge on a jerk to me at my school
Don't judge me for taking my car and then take advantage of it bitch
Use the wrong dumpster? You'll have to throw it away more than once.
Cut Me Off? I'll Slow You Down
My boss denied me a vacation for 2 years so I got her fired.
How's that pop taste?
My ex boyfriend finally got what was coming to him
Typical dumbass taunts the chimps at the zoo? Enjoy a turd snowball right in the breadbasket.
My dad wants me to take care of him when he’s sick after he told everyone I was crazy when I had laryngitis
Steal my concert seats? Enjoy the show and my elbow.
Getting back at a shitty GM
I Don't Understand What You're Saying
I don't even feel bad
Break my clay pots, suffer the consequences.....a decade later!
Think You’re so Great? Think again.
Drive like a maniac? Enjoy the pavement.
Don't Turn Left When It's Illegal !
Enjoy sitting on my snot
Hope You Didn't Want To Sleep
I feel like it was a little to petty
CB doesn't pay, time for petty revenge.
roommate snitched on me, help me think of a way to get back at him
Classmate Karma
Dont block my driveway
Credit where it’s due
Cat in the Cradle of Christmas presents
My cousin cussed me out so I turned off his PS4
The guy at Michael's SWORE it was weed!
"My safety glasses are all blurry." That's because they aren't yours.
Sorry Uber guy, I don't know how to cancel.
Oh no, you can't have the cake, I wouldn't want you to get fat.
This is where being snarky gets you
Park like a slob? Hope you like your car full of baked fart
/r/pettyrevenge, College student needs your help.
Youtube Creator steals a video without credit, then we tarnish his channel reputation
Teacher is mean to my friends and I, time to get petty...
Bicyclists had it coming.
The Nebulous List
Sweet biological warfare
You ignored me to fiddle with your phone
No love for you!
Teaching kids a lesson to respect their parents.
You get the ugly side of the fence.
Force me to share my phone? Now you can't anymore!
Uh, I hacked my old classmate's google account from my old school.
Brickbox
Disrespect me in my home? Have fun using my services.
Can I help you with something?
Missed our train, he shouldn’t have taken so long
Announced my girlfriend's pregnancy on my sister's wedding
What happens when an entitled Karen meets a petty teenager AND fast food worker?
Don’t pass have fun losing
Clog the toilet and don't tell anyone? Sorry your stuff got piss water all over it...
Suggestion - Can you add a flare for when people are typing their stories on mobile and for secondary English writers?
Petty Revenge On My Skydiving Instructor At 7,000 Feet High
My Uncles revenge on a shitty fisherman
Crazy Cajun Cooking Revenge
She deserved worse in my opinion.
Try to take my roblox account? I will get your xbox account communication banned for a day.
Taillights? You got it, bud!
Boss abusing his authority in a big way. How to pay him back?
School Drop off rudeness
Won't stop calling, you may have an STD now
A dish best served cold
Not going to be polite? Then neither am I.
Small petty revenge.
Since people like to trespass on my property and hop my back fence as a shortcut￼￼￼, I’ve found a nice spot along my fence to put all of my dog’s poop
How we got a bit of petty revenge on our nightmare neighbours
Cheat? Have fun talking to the teacher and getting owned by everyone!
A Petty Medley (Long)
"You're not responsible enough to own a house."
You bullied me at school... you want booze? Got ID? (Repost from Malicious Compliance)
Oh, you’ll have my car towed?
steal my netflix DVDs? good luck trying to enjoy them!
Brother acts like a dick, I get my revenge!
Day of Defeat: Camp in front of me enjoy smoke
Don't be bitch because you're unorganized
suck it you deaf hating moron
That email looks a lot like spam.
Can you hear me now?
Older brother is rude? I’ll make him puke.
Short, simple, and petty
She messed with my sleep, I messed with her show
Be rude to me and my girlfriend? No dumplings for you.
Hope you don't need to go anywhere before 8:30am
Does ongoing revenge still count?
Some ideas for your next revenge
Verbal bitch slap
I always pick up after my dog
Sometimes good revenge is had simply by not doing anything about it..
Don't talk shit to your ride
First Post: Barista Tries to charge me 12500 instead of 125
Short me by $.24, Ok.
Different kind of story: I think I got petty revenged
Fuck Your Library
Representing the alma mater
If the BOFH Can Hear Your Music 2 Cubicles Over, YOU'RE DOING IT WRONG.
Think your 8-year-old child is too smart to need education on social life ? Here is your answer
Roommate always plays victim and cries when she doesn’t get her wayPark like an ass? Hope you like bird shit all over your car.
Try to exploit the presence of emergency vehicle? Enjoy my agonizingly slow 15-point turn... and your shower
My revenge on my lazy brother.
Friendly "tech support" guy has been calling us for over a month now. He finally got me instead of my wife.
Lunatic driver gets on the receiving end of my sweet, petty revenge...
Revenge is a dish best served with cold cereal.
I mean, if we're on the topic of telling the truth....
You destroy my brothers sand castle and tell us to F off. Have fun getting a new phone
Grocery Store Petty Revenge
Not today Kevin
This pervert of a kid that was in my cousin’s class
Choose to not wear earphones? I'll show you how annoying noise can be.
Petty revenge ft. neighbor's buzzer: the remix
Flirt With A Taken Guy, Get Taken For A Ride!
A petty pee story.
Manager power tripping
Egg on your car is better revenge than egg on your face.
Neighbour has DEA paranoia
Good luck opening that door, sirs.
Three missed calls back to back to back...
Worked with a total condescending bitch at an academic company. Was able to get her back by signing her up for far right and Scientology groups.
Correcting the know-it-all
Thief steals towel at wave pool, I cause them disgust and regret
Revenge against a shitty teacher.
I need petty revenge ideas!
Park in the employee only section and make me late for work? Have fun worrying about your car
Kid steals things from me so I steal an important test grade from him
The time a Halloween Prank turned into Police breaking up a party.
Want to use the dryers? Oh, looks like you'll have to wait for another half an hour :)
Through Thick and Thin
My "I didn't do anything wrong" neighborSee a bad parking job? PRINT THIS bumper sticker and tape it to the offenders' car.  Watch hilarity ensue from a safe distance. NSFW
She was evil, I finally fought back
Revenge on a non-paying eBayer with perfect Feedback Score
The ‘naked man’ really works
How to deal with shitty people
Christmas Joy
Upstairs neighbor wears high heels and clomps around all fucking day
Friends try to get me to do almost all of the work for a group project
Call your lawyer. I don't care.
My chad of a friend trashed a horrible owner’s server.
My friend got cheated on, and sure enough acted a fool
Took care of your laundry for you
Cut my hours with no notice? I'll start my new job with no notice
Keep me awake and worried sick? Enjoy your wake-up call.
iMessage Read Receipts
Parking Payback
Hotel put me out on the street at 11pm - please help me get their rating below 4
Steal my tickets? Well then I’ll steal yours!
Go ahead, leave your dog shit. I dare you.
Crazy neighbor story
I got revenge on a nasty eventing competitor
Sorry about your GPA, not.
Keep parking in my spot will you?!Happy New Year, bitch.
Take Credit Fot My Work? Bitches, I've Done This Before.
Try to embarrass my friends? I'll get you back
Take a dump on the ground and expect to get away with it? Oh hell no.
Petty revenge on a dirtbag who stole my chandelier
Bully thwarted by 15 minutes of Google research
Hope it rains this week.
Don't piss out somebody who knows how to 'net send'
Penny revenge
How I got rid of chain messages.
I need help getting revenge!
Don't pay me for fixing your car? Lets see how you like what i do when you come back.
Needs petty revenge idea
I will like to see your manager
Don't know if this goes here but my grandmother fell victim to a scammer and lost a sizeable amount of money so I make it my mission to get revenge on all scammers who contact me.
Giving away or memories
Bully me for 21 years, enjoy never getting your post again!
College bookstore power-tripping​ clerk
Coworker kept messing with my wipers.
Blame me for burning dinner? Enjoy a surprise shower.
don't cut people off who have been waiting in line
Kid trash talks me in sport.
Landfill pettiness.
Step-mom treated me like shit for most of my childhood. And then asked for forgiveness when I was an adult. She received none.
Noob takes my spot when I’m trying to farm, so I kill him in a mini game
Shut the fuck up in the fucking cinema.
How I ended up puking all over my older brothers office.
I don't count change.
Don't tattle on me..
Fool me twice, get revenge...
Office Pettiness
Messing around with my friends? Go get checked for HIV.
A Maid Threw Away My 300 Dollar Retainer In The Bin
My kid can do what they want! Until I make them smell.
Revenge is a dish best served cold, and laced with pettiness.
For Those getting packages stolen Some karma for the thieves
Herbalife Driver
Fuck your OCD in my fridge.
Act like a jackass in my store? I'll let you look like one to your friends, too.
Excuse you, please be quieter in the early morning, and don't leave your apple tv AirPlay enabled :)
Just like the rule that you never screw with the people that handle your food, don't mess with a snow plow.
Excuse me ma'am, I think your dog dropped something!
Be a dick and also make my bathroom hairy? I’ll make it slightly inconvenient for you to shave
Everyday I put more and more dead wasps in my dad's work coat
Classmate got his mom to pay for my spot on the basketball team, I made sure that he just sat on the sidelines at recess
You are, all of you beneath me!
You like sarcastic e-mail? Hope you like online newsletters.
Petty petty petty
I hate people riding in the far left passing lane going slower than everyone else
Fight Petty with Petty
How to Petty Revenge an Impatient Driver
When an animal extracts petty revenge, the consensus is it's well deserved.
Lifted truck gets pulled over
You exploited me to the whole school? Just you wait until your mom finds out
Hostile towards me for no reason? I hope you don’t have a good weekend then, bitch
My father is a sweet but sour man.
Brother won't get me water? Enjoy another trip to the tap.
Littering neighbors
Sleep is beautiful
Rip down my posters? Want my vote? No thanks.
Sticking a girl that used me with a fat bill
Best way to make a dramatic cash delivery?
Don't want to work today? Too bad you just made this line of customers for yourself.
How You Should Deal with Rude Chicks
School bus window games.
Wake me up in the middle of the night? Fine.
Want me to hurry up? You got it!
Getting a Teacher Fired
One for the money
She was sexist, so I ruined her picnic.
My mom wanted to smoke inside the house knowing I'm sensible to smoke, welp, I'm not taking that shit
Revenge help on EX
Drive dangerously, put people’s lives at risk &amp; then try to cut me up whilst driving your works van, expect a video of it all to be sent to your manager
Make a delivery drivers life absolute hell on a scorching summers day??! Prepare to pay a stinky price
Cut my phone line? Enjoy your newly acquired debt.
Bmws keys are expensive to replace.
Keep using my products? Have fun with your pink hair.
Not sure if I can request methods of petty revenge in this subreddit, but how can I get back at my girlfriend for spoiling most of the seasons of Mad Men, I've only seen the first season so far.
A customer ate a donut while shopping, so I charged him for three.
So, the trip is too short? No problem, you'll go the extra mile then.
The day my coworker became famous
Annoy me on my break? Choke on this!
Turn off the AC, face the consequences.
Honking at me, huh?
Slowing down a buffet shrimp-shamer
try to get me banned. I play Uno reverse card
Women sent me multiple messages and I sent her on a wild goose chase
Mildly annoying crossing guard gets her comeuppance
treat others the way you want to be treated, bitch.
Try to make my job harder? Turnabout is fair play.
Old Bitch upstairs is back to her noisy ways, this time she’s involved the rest of her family.... time for some extreme pettiness
I pantsed my friend in school because he bit me in first grade
So you’re going to ruin my shower?
If you think I should be the one to bind your report, I get to be the one to choose its cover.
Tailgating? Ok, you can wait a little longer to overtake me
Ex spreads lies about me. Revenge ensues.
Stupid roommate has it coming.
Learn from your mistakes
Nudes press over Snapchat
Ignore me like a child so I’ll treat you like one.
I Think You Should Leave...
The mystery of the talking desk
I saw my step mother today while shoveling my car out of snow.
More sausage rolls than I knew what to do with, to be honest.
When I Silenced the Vice Superintendent
PUFF PUFF JAIL!
2 hour pizza delivery. I just want my money back.
Want to slap me? Enjoy your broken leg.
Recycling Bin Thief
Snot and spit
Get Better At Chess... Sure, I'll hop right on that.
No, I don't want your creepy $5 tip.
Chinese Car Shuffle
A bully pelted me with rocks so i gave him my scooter that injured me
Annoying Kid bothers Me for the last time...
Eat all my pasta? Take this.
"I didn't have the item for 2 weeks. I only had it for 10 days"
Not my best moment
Can I feed the ducks in peace Karen?
My gf said it was childish. She may be right.
Spam caller calls me about a recent car accident. I don't own a car but sure thing, let's have a little fun!
Oscar worthy deaf performance
Bring your own laptop charger
Oh you asked for potatoes?
Don't piss off the person making your dinner
My Brotherrs ruined my project and I’ll take Revenge...
Steal my meda money enjoy repeating your graduation year
Try to screw me I'll screw you
douchetastic driver
Sibling revenge 101
Like my brights, bitch?
Insult my friend, and I'll ruin your contest
Police officer in NYC laughs when I try being polite so I made him regret it.
Breakfast Delayed is Breakfast Denied
I hope your kids like Audioslave
Confiscate a crappy fake swiss knife? Thanks for the free multi-tool!
I Bumper Stickered A Bully
Continuously Double-Parking Neighbor
The Great Battle of Kyle and Papa Bear
Use up my legroom on a flight so you can have more? Good luck finding your shoe
Get off the phone!
Don't get me a milkshake? You don't get iced coffee.so, What's that?
My petty revenge rage comic.
Classic that I read back around 2000.  Revenge on biting kid.
Gets me fired to have her own office, then gets herself fired 4 months later, is now a dog walker
A nod would have been nice
Moving company stole all of our possessions
No BRITA filter for You
The three things that I've learned from this subreddit
Be a bitch to me in school? Feel the wrath of my flatulence!
My step brother has ocd
Home boy cant follow directions.
Throw toys at me and refuse to apologize? ENJOY YOUR LUKEWARM WATER.
If I go down you're coming with me
A little petty revenge puts a creep in their place
My towel!
I never knew revenge so petty could feel so good.
“Pay for a school tie or you’ll be in isolation” oh I’ll do that!
Would I get in trouble if I mail a CRT television to one of my enemies?
Scamming the Scammer
Yes, another traffic-related petty revenge story
Good luck lifting, pal
Adventures in Road Rage - DC Metro
Worst client I've ever worked for
Leave your cart in the middle of heavy traffic? Have fun finding it.
Christian car salesman complains to HR about my swearing...
My brother's drunk friend who came and pissed on my bedroom floor while I was sleepingCunt almost fucks up my personal life
Wake me up from midnight to 5 in the morning? Hope you like dicks on your car
TBT
Don't move your bag? Foot water.
Try to ruin a small family business. All your effort was for nothing.
Jealous ex was super petty and nasty so I got her twofold
You fucked my mum? I've already fucked yours!!
My Revenge
Harass my neighbor? Ruin my sleep? I’ll ruin your love life in one week.
My little revengeI get as often as possible.
Want to publicly humiliate a student cause of your power? Revenge time? I think so
Getting his money's worth
Make the Lyft Driver Wait? Suffer the Consquences.
wanna be an ass and bum off family Netflix? Okay
Sure, I'll make sure your laundry gets done...
Ever decorated someone's car on their wedding day? Payback is fun...
Do work next time, guys.
Racist boss giving me shitty projects...Well don't you know I can quit ?
Catholic man harassed me multiple times so I decided to scare him
Take the time to buy your three-year-old goddaughter a present for Godchildren's day
i have a question on a way to get revenge
Telephone scammer spoilers
Act like a dick during a lab experiment? Gag at ranch dressing water
So you parked right in front of the door
Crush my legs during the flight? Enjoy the show!
Catfished my ex computer science teacher
Don't want to pay me what was promised in your ad? Have fun losing all your money.
Your make fun of me and my sister ok i will punch your teeth in
Pen Pettiness
Call me names? I'll ruin your ego
Put my locker outside?enjoy bending down a little bit more everyday
Curse me out for doing you a favor? Have fun walking.
Crappy roomies, so I left
Want to take my stuff? Enjoy having wet clothes.
Sabotaging dieting parents with tempting home-cooked food.
Flip out after a competitive video game? Enjoy a perpetual shitstorm on your clanpage
Husband and Wife Petty Revenge
No one gets away with parking like a douche, not at this grocery store
You wanted my GF to fight me... How about your family fighting you on Christmas Eve?
Although shit didn’t exactly hit the fan...
Need some Help
Don't be a jerk to customer service.
Park your p.o.s Buick infront of my house? Walk 30 yards longer to get home, twice a week!
You shouldn't have bullied my friend in the first grade, ya creep.
Cutting in line? I don't think so!!
An old ‘friend’ was a mega bitch to me so I named so I named my dog after what she wanted to name her future kid.
Cut me off and blame me? Okay, I hope you like shit in your new car.
Douche bag in friend group gets what's coming to him
Cheat in a 1v1? Fine. Have fun getting spawncamped.
Good luck seeing past my anti-landlord wall....
I Hope You Freeze.
I embraced my inner Snorlax!
Tailgater ends up with a lot more than he bargained for. No brake checking involved
Extremely rude/annoying co worker
Stab me in the back?...Get yourself FIRED!!!
Chicken shit fertiliser
Saving the forest
Beat a scam caller at his own game
I caused my friend to break up with her boyfriend.
Hack my Club Penguin account? Get perma-banned and lose your money, you jerk
The roommate under me smokes inside..
How we have fun playing with phone scammers.
Next in line does not mean bitchy lady at the back of the line.
You don't want me in your business? Enjoy paying $3k for health insurance.
Drama at the nail spa
Dad brags to teacher about his job, teacher makes son suffer
When I was a waiter and a large family full of kids would come in.
Roomie gets a hold of my nudes and sexts!
To the assholes spamming me dental emails, I have a business gift for you.
So close...
Blackmail and a golden shower, kind of.
Be a horrible friend to me, others will find out how horrible you are...
"Nice parking job, asshole"
Petty Revenge Against Left Lane Drivers
Good bully, no thanks.
Sometimes karma just needs a push. Or a text.
The Early Morning Alarm Clock
Steal my seat? Enjoy taking photos of the back of my head.
The snow is gone, park inside the lines
Neighbors party goers parking in my yard
Keep me after closing? Enjoy your plastic.
Bakery revenge
Your motorbike isn't a license to kill.
Meddling neighbor cuts down our trees because he hates them.
Revenge on my English Teacher
Use your high beams as a weapon? Enjoy being trapped next to this semi
A dusting for your crops
Road lines are laws too. Usually because someone had either previously been hurt or killed doing the very same thing.
Double stacked parking nightmare
Are you leaving?
Emo abuses nerds locker in rage. Nerd gets revenge on the wrong person but gets the Emo 10x harder.
Cheat on me? Have fun with your mail.
Someone threatened to "crack my skull open" over pizza. What next?
For a reference, I'm 12
Your bullying is no match for The Cat
Yes I want my whole house re-cabled.
Wanna cheat and lie to my face? Enjoy being stood-up by a stranger on your one free night of the week
Lets play chicken.
Don't fuck with a farmer
Fuck you and your pizza!
NO CREAMY GOODNESS FOR YOU!!!
I told my "bestfriends" Mother her habits after she outed me
Guy was trying to ruin my relationship so I ruined his.
He Took Half My Pokémon Cards, I Took His Entire Collection.
Don't whistle at me.
Have More Pride, Twatwaffle.
My soon-to-be ex-roommate wrote with a marker on the mirror telling my bf &amp; me to leave the water running in the tub (otherwise water might freeze, etc)
Stealing my buddies cash. Time for payback
Don't clean my room during my stay? Have fun cleaning after I check out
I Hate This Laundrymat.
Revenge ideas for noise rude neighbour?
In which I give my crazy petty roommate a taste of her own medicine
Turned off the internet for flatmate while trying to stream a pay-per-view.
I Hate Vultures
ruined all the fun, every day, as my revenge
Don't prank call or harass me.
Take my spot in line? Have fun in Spanish!Train your employees better
A $500 car for sale? Sounds good!
Seriouskly, can recess games be fun?
Lawn war
Some dipshit in a giant truck with a giant trailer almost ran me off the road. Hope you like it kinda dirty.
Make me give in to a toddlers tantrum? Okay. Enjoy the next one.
I'm not changing the sheets.
"The Parking Lot is My Kid's Backyard"
Online revenge /Findings
Catalina RevengeHorrible bully teacher calls parents in to punish student, nearly gets sued instead
Don't mess with my AC
Make my wife (your sister) cry, enjoy your new Netflix watch list and recommendations
What goes round comes round.
I'm your son, not your drinking buddy.
People At My Shitty School Keep Using My Account And Paid Stuff On The School Computers And There's Nothing I Can Do So...
So my roommates say I leave the lights on at night....
Inappropriately punished by gym teacher results in lost items.
IsTaGRam iS FUnNieR ThAN rEdDIt - Normie friends
I hate my teacher for being lazy, but I don't know how to get petty revenge. Help?
Consistently loud neighbors fireworks get watered down, cop also tells them to be quiet.
do you want to see holograms with your phone?
Get snarky with me? Get a noseful of this!
That’s Sir to you!
3 Days early cut over - no warning
"Friend" Steals Desktop PC Then Claims It's His.
You guys are great
Well, maybe I can't wear what I want, but my brother will!
High on life, weed and petty revenge.
Deadly assalt
The definition of petty.
Pure evil.
Passenger thinks that insulting the Conductor is included in the ticketprice
Be an asshole in my line? Enjoy me wasting your time and having to rebook your flight.
A man at my work always says "hey! Lady!" and clicks his fingers at me.
A guy doesn't want to be a good Samaritan so I payed another guy $20 to rub it in.
That's very interesting, thank you for taking the time to say that to me.
Roommate dumped my fresh-ground coffee
Try to steal everyone's work and snub us outside of class? Now nobody will work with you
Leave trash around the computer lab? Lumbergh's got my back!
Kid gets me detention for 2 days, but I pay him back with 3
When Parents are Petty Arseholes to Each Other
You'll do your job one way or another.
The Snow Globe
A guy lied to my best friend and treated him like trash, so I kept my promise.
Overcharge me? Corporate will have to step in!
Too cheap to pay for cable? No TV for you!
Don't. Park. In. The. Red. ZONE.
Lie to me about there being stairs, and you'll be climbing them
Should I shame him on Ig???
kid gets locked from a game, misses a week of V.I.P. in a game
Cut me in line, get crop dusted.
Teacher wouldn't let me use the restroom, I got HER suspended
Okay Thuma
So you and your wife both like it hard?
Seat Showdown
Its not my problem if youre late to work.
Don't want to empty your mailbox? Don't get mail then
It's a give and take relationship, honey.
CLACKITY CLACK
Sex? But I need the loo!
You want THAT horse? Well, I wanted what you stole from me.
Tailgate me when I'm doing more than the speed limit? I'll make your driving experience worse!
Cut me off in the school parking lot, I'll make you wait longer to leave.
He's an EP So I Eat His Cookies
Make me move your shopping cart to get to my car, fine eat a red light.
Reckless driver, meet the barrier.
Teacher humiliates my prematurely born little brother in art class. Wrong kid to pick on.
Tales from a college laundry room
Spies and lies
Unplanned Petty
Don't wanna let me merge onto the Interstate? I'll let everyone else do it!
One man's trash another man's revenge.
You've Cat to be Kitten Me Right Now
Evil science teacher vs 12 year old
Air your dirty laundry, and you can walk home.
Goodbye present for people that are jerks
Whenever my wife is annoying me, I do this (XP from /confessions)
Adding a little spice never hurt anyone.
"Daddy, look at the fat guy you were talking about"
Racist customer rants to me
You want me to pay for a doctor's note? Fine. You can wait.
Tatto revenge
Ruined the x-files for my friend
I hope you get a crick in your neck trying to read this
Doesn't get the soda he wants
Friend is a dick, i destroy his server
A birthday present for a cheating ex, part two: the letter
Dealing with a Saucy Roommate
Block my drive way 3 times? Enjoy riding the bus for the rest of the week.
Giving my lazy manager an infuriating task at the end of term
Want to make us late? Okay then I'll make you late.
Don't rush my minigolf
Use my hotel to cheat? Sorry, I'm out of inventory!
How I learned to never loan money to a friend
Bully one of my servers will you?
Nice revenge today in my otherwise shitty life.
Make me almost deaf? Enjoy some pettiness.
Never give me a chance to reply all.
Go ahead, try your luck with my toiletries
Rude vegan roommate
He take, I take times 87
If you delete other people's work, you're gonna have a bad time.
New Neighbor complains about noise, i'll give them something to complain about
Klepto gets his comeuppance
heh revenge is a dish best served stinky.
Loudmouth Who Thought He Was a Smooth Talker ~ Avenged Petty &amp; Beyond
My neighbor refuses to turn down his music ...
Revenge on a impatient driver
Got revenge for my brother at the dinner table
I annoy my history teacher se much in 8th grade.
Want to torture and tease me all day? Game on. NSFW
You scammed me? Perfect, I'll have your account shut down.
Don't follow traffic signs? Get (almost) rekt.
Revenge on the neighbors’ kids intrusion on our property.
Revenge on a tailgater
Don't ruin my movie watching experience
Try to scam me? Get scammed back.
Ever wonder what it's like to have to open for a shitty comedian with an undeserved large ego?
A shipmate started playing 2k all night long next time my rack in the berthing
I always carry a $100 bill to pay for small purchases where there's a credit card minimum
Does this make me a bad friend?
Roadkill revenge
Dog got revenge on its shitty owner (my terrible roommate).
My dad took my phone because I quit being the human dishwasher ... so I played it sweet with a little revenge and metaphorically put a little sugar in his tank
My sister gave her bully the ultimate wedgie
Driver tailgates me when there are open lanes to the left
My glow up gave me the revenge I wanted
Be an asshole to me and cheat on my friend? Enjoy shitting yourself in front of the entire class and repeating the subject.
you think my roommate will mind if i eat her chips without asking?
No please, you go ahead. (X-Post from r/funny)
Sure, you can have the sale price
roommate agreement under false pretenses, got taken advantage of, but come out on top in the end.
Please keep a safe distance from my car
ok, so I flip stuff for a living on cl. motor vehicles a good bit.
She never even noticed.
Revenge at 39,000 feet off the ground
Breaking up a Roblox couple
Hope you enjoy your 7 new magazine subscriptions, dick.
Grudge Ball
Let the Germs Crawl a little longer.
Deny my smoked meat expense? You can pay it hourly.
Don't want to fix your mistake. No worries, I'll take care of it.
Highschool Hallways
Don't talk loudly on your phone on the train.
Oh, you have a girlfriend? I'm sure she'd love to eat what you've been saying
There will be no sound wars in this complex.
Learn how to line up
Mom gets mooned and retaliates
Oh, it's your birthday?
Got a phone call from this number: 814-289-8210
Posting pictures of everything I eat tomorrow, because of pushy Mormon FIL.
fired over doctor appointment
Bad Parking = Public Shame
Now you get to do the work you prevented. Assholes...
She just had to stick her hands in my hot underwear...
I’ll take that dollar back
Why I Hate Deep Blue Something
Im about to kill someone
Decided to Waste Two Scam Artists' Time
It's still cooling
He's going to have to work now
Double park? Double Cart.
Use my shampoo and I’ll make your hair blue
Bad teacher? Enjoy pet peeve assignment
Want to stalk me through a parking lot? Too bad for you
Middle School Revenge
Was driving on a long trip through a recently upped mph speed limit...
Revenge on a Roommate
Creepy guy messes girls' laundry, so his laundry gets bleached :)
Won't give up your seat? I'll fall on you
i just need the communities help with this ...
Screw me over on a 24-hour event you committed to? Enjoy your $300 paperweight, asshole.
My bully was hated by everyone
Piss on My Floor and Try to Eat My Food? Enjoy Your Time Behind Bars!
Mother's boyfriend strangles me. I blackmail him.
Don't harass learner riders
Want to cut a line of people waiting for a parking spot? I don't think so
Ruined the result of a TV show after he watched another one without me.
Revenge for keeping me up with your loud partying.
Funcoland
Enjoy your cold breeze
What's his age again? What's his age again?
Don't understaff and hire people who give a damn.
Ditch me during a presentation, I smite your name on the title slide.
Call me stupid over the box? Enjoy your "large" soda
That will teach you to pick a fight with me.
Can't be bothered to learn my name? Can't be bothered to do the work you set for me.
Camp "Prank" Battle
LDR Boyfriend broke up with me out of the blue, hope he likes GoT spoilers.
Petty revenge against bigots who doesn't believe in mental health
Toilet petty revenge
Douchebag and a hailstorm.
EK tries to destroy my igloo, I throw him off of it instead.
Hang up on me? I will just call you back.
Petty Revenge for high-school antics years later, and on a different continent, the story of my Dad's school friend.
Silly checkout guy.
My 10 minutes of petty revenge with a tail gater
Annoy the whole class with TMI and never stop talking? Not with MY blessing.
towards commenters who break rule number 7. And maybe number 10 and 11 too: why do you keep coming in this sub to annoy everyone?
Bump into me on purpose? Enjoy a face full of mud.
Going on holiday? You'll need some sunglasses.
Small revenge on shitty manager
want to wake me up? Ok then, its on
Shshsh Mosquito breeding area.
X-Post from r/mildlyinfuriating: Beware Ye Spammers!
Kill the music or I kill the power
Tried to cheat off my work? Prepare to be humiliated in front of the entire class.
Vengeance against a dirty roommate
Revenge is best served in the form of a grilled cheese.
Parking was a little tight this morning
Want to talk loudly on your phone? Get crop dusted.
I'll be in soon!
Malteser discussion
Your locker's taken?
Redditor logically refutes one of my posts.
Don't Steal my Chair
Asked this hot chick on campus if she needed help carrying her heavy aquarium filled with fish and rocks. She said yes so I carried it for 3 blocks while we chatted the entire way. At her destination I asked out her out and she said she wasn't interested, so I brought her aquarium the 3 blocks back.
Make me do chores you were supposed to do? I'll make the ones you have harder.
Want toppings on your crust? Maybe get a pizza that had a crust.
„I needed to use the excavator to move your car“
Avoiding The Receipt-Check
You want me to move in the gym, good luck with that
Asshole on the train
Be careful what you wish for mom.
I tried to help...at first
Should I use weed killer on her plant?
Still not your shed
Being a pretentious butthole and yelling at me and my dog about your wall for no reason? Now it's in my dog's walking route.
Hypocrite Mean Pastor
Passive agressive neighbour wifi spat
Yell at my MIL? Lose $2,500.
Roll your eyes and give stares?
Getting revenge on an abusive mother
School goes behind my back and wastes $1200 and a week when I could fix the problem in less than an hour.
Leave your trash and be annoying? Lose your Thermos.
Is this wrong or just right?
Want to smoke cigarettes on a smoke-free campus? I'll ruin your cigarette and your day.
Use my network I try to play LoL? Enjoy some Megadeth.
So you are allergic to poison oak. . .
The tale of the bus &amp; the irritating redneck vs Speedy Gonzales.
Don't drink my Coke!
She bullied me over a guy she liked. So i started dating him just for her.
Don't park in the parent and child spot &amp; also put your trolley back.
Comfy in your rocking chair?
Revenge for taking enjoyment out of my job.
Sweet jiggly revenge on the London Underground
No you may not take up any more space on the train.
YOU SHALL NOT PASS!
Petty Revenge Instigated by my Biology Teacher
Talk among your co-workers while taking forever to ring me up? Break a hundred for me.
Store manager makes my life a nightmare for two months
Staring at my friend and me rudely, then try to poot and scoot? You're getting called all the way out!
Chewspit+road raging asshole=hilarity
Cut in the list u go back to the end
Thrust your vehicle into a crosswalk as I’m about to cross then slow to a stop right in my way and it looks like you want my parking spot.
Have sex loudly at 2 am? Enjoy me getting ready at 6.
Wipe your fanny with sandpaper for a week.
Petty Revenge on my Ex-Girlfriends new Boyfriend.
The signs everywhere that say "hold on" are there for a reason.
Stolen Soda
Drive Thru Pettiness
Are You Liking that Gospel Music?
Leave your barking dog in the car, enjoy the sound of silence
Ed Hardy Douche Bag.
This food attacks me
UPDATE: Lazy brother leaves kitchen a mess for a week, I trick him into cleaning it.
I made this video for all the mean guests I served!
Don't let me out? Sweat grenade!
Night-Shift, Sub-Woofers and Lawn-Mowers.
P-TOP 6W E27 LED Flame Effect Fire Light Bulb, Flickering Flame LED Bulb Lamp for Party, AC85-260V (1 PC)
Don’t work on a project? Enjoy a zero for a major grade
This is why you should never answer your cell phone in a public toilet.
You yell at innocent people? Have fun walking a little more.
Patience is always best.
An old story of mine
Trick me into filling out your surveys?
I'll piss on his piss. That'll show him.
I Excel at revenge
Want my candy? Here have some dog chocolate
Don't mess with 2 best friends/Uncles
Good luck activating that scooter bish!
Managed to expose my SIL in a petty way
The pure essence of the childish, petty, vindictive, cancerous revenge.
11th grader tired of dealing with freshmen.
Scammer called but can't hang up
My aunt's bully
Life long best friend..... not so much!!!
You Should Have Gone For The Head.
I got my high school bully fired during the pandemic.
Gonna crash into us and then laugh and think nothing of it? NOT FOR LONG!
Revenge for engineers treating techs badly
Revenge on high school teacher that didn't go as well as I hoped.
I need help,a Plan for my petty revenge
Tricks=pain
No Sunflower Seeds for You
Beware of the raisins
I am Mr Brightside
You want to talk to someone else? Sure, try next week!
Throw out mail, get mail thrown out
Nothing but dirty looks in stock? No commission for you!
Someone honked at me.
ExGirlfriend breaks up with me and starts sending death threats, so I expose what she's been saying publicly.
Revenge on lazy co-worker
Mother's Day Revenge.
You wanted to dump a lunch tray on me to “look cool”? Enjoy spending $20 a month for a new lock.
Asshole neighbor stole my wife’s new doormat, so I threw his in the garbage.
Not My Mess
Wanna be a DB...ok, I can play, too.
Girl doesn't want to share
Let's turn around the imminent Global recession!My best friend took my pillow so....
Parking Problem Enginuity
Ruining Someone’s Holiday
Won't share with others who have given you a home and provided for all your needs? Eat crumbs!
Doesn’t matter if it’s not Mary Jay.
Spill soup? Become friend.
My Awesome Grandma
Don't bully me.
I get a revenge on 6-year-old bullies
Tailgate me when I'm already over the limit? Eat asphalt!
Eat my cereal, I’ll leave less than enough for your next servingMy brother tricked me into drinking milk so I let him enjoy the scent of my lactose intolerant farts
Dear AnyonebutPenthouseForum...
My parents fucked me over so I fucked them over. (not entitled)
I made my 12 year old neighbor eat dog food after he tricked my 4 year old into eating it.
Don’t want to share the parking spot, ha mine now
Jerk neighbor with Hank Hill level lawn pride
Merry Christmas!
Something Old, Something New, Something Borrowed, Something Petty
Ps4 save data
Got the ASB President impeached after he sprained my wrist. (Long)
Client insists on certain TV programming, I abide with a bit of "technically the truth"
Petty revenge on a biased teacher
My neighbor told me not to play with my electric rc car so I ran a different one 😈
Follow her snap and stalk her
Threaten our dog? Get out of the campsite.
Pull finance on my customer at the last minute...get signed up for porn!
I threatened to kill a pair of fourth-graders
Delay house construction for 6 months, I'll take over your google business
Complain about the chore inequalities? Don't reap the benefits of my paycheck.
Getting revenge against an entire hockey team...
Gum Revenge
I will not wish you a good day, ma'am!
Fuck with me, get cancer.
Can I request help on petty revenge?
Scam me for my items, enjoy your slow drift into insanity.
If you're going to mock me for being depressed, I'm going to mock you for every flaw of yours I can find
I deserved it...
Be a shit driver? Bitch breaks face
Anything you can do I can do better... Including being obnoxious!
Holidays revengeful jerk
Nasty supervisor gets a nickname
Keep making up lies about me and I’ll keep fucking with your desk.
Lunchbox
Keep stealing my laptop, I'll remove your games
The Pothole
Someone suggested I share here so.I once logged into my xhusband wifi router and blocked all his devices so that he couldn't watch porn. Right before the repair guy got to his house to repair it, I unblocked it so it looked like .he was just stupid. The guy would leave and I would block it again.
Country Fried Fuck You.
Typing a corporations name in lowercase that I don't like.
Alcoholic next door keeps stealing my wine.
Revenge on a dealer who tried to charge me 24% interest on a car
Be super annoying and rude triplets? Fine- I'll just report your every action.
My sister took away the the controller so I did what I do best.
when urine it to win it
My friend's asshole housemate.
It's small but makes me feel good
Roommate kept using my stuff, so I put something into the toothpaste
Don't antagonize employees
Refuse to take over so i can take a break? Enjoy working late tonight :)
Girl steals my TTC train seat while looking me in the eyes, I crush her with my knife bag.
Ex who made my life hell wants back in my life. Literally tried to ruin me and send me to jail.
6 years and made myself look a total weirdo for a meh result... Still worth it.
Not petty, serious. Need revenge on the man who murdered my cat.
Be rude to me after I make you dinner? Enjoy your lack of internet.
Two roommate stories..don't fuck with rental agreements
best served warm
My co-worker led me on and ghosted me so I made her job a whole lot worse.
My sister-in-law's husband is a cocky leech. But so is my sister-in-law. What do I do?
Don't clean up after yourself? Enjoy not having wifi.
Slingshotting
Enjoy your nickname, cocksore.
Boombox of Justice
You want to try and continuosly stab me in the back for stupid shit? I'll let your GF know you've been cheating on her.
If you attempt to look at my answers, I'll confuse you!
Parking lot douche.
Your parents were rude to me, it's only fair i get them back, right?
Bad Roommate of the year
Steal my charger? I’ll just take yours.
How I made half my Senior Class shit themselves (Very satisfying petty revenge)
Home boy said he was never talking to me again for lying about his girl flirting with me. So I kissed his girl.
Jerk neighbor needs taught a lesson
Slow driver in the fast lane
Why just why?
Need to exact some petty revenge on an abusive ex **tw: abuse, sexual assault**
you beat a kid? i beat you!
Writing this out made me realise I should probably seek out counselling for unresolved issues
Don't want to switch seats? Ok. Enjoy the rest of the plant ride.
Chemical weapon retaliation
You used all the cinnamon? How unfortunate.
Someone stole my shit, so now they have to deal with the school
Yeah, neighbor, you're right: backing out of a driveway is pretty tough. Allow me to demonstrate.
Obnoxious, lying, lazy roommate moves out. I "acquire" some minor items.
Don't like me smoking on my own property? Let's get the cops involved!
That's MY pencil! Jerk!
Steal my clothes? Prepare yourself.
Dont honk your horn at me
Steal my Runescape gp? I'll ruin your friendships.
Don't Ruin My Afternoon Snack
I was witness to a double petty revenge.
Revenge on a Telemarketer
How I Got Revenge on my Entire Class by Using an Exam
Mother abuses her "power", gets screwed over financially
My loud fucking neighbor.
girl plays me and almost breaks up my friend group
Lady wants video game...acts horrible and I get revenge.
Make me fill out your deposit slip? Have fun waiting for everyone else in line.
Don't appreciate my help and embarrass me? You're on your own...
Living on the first floor in apartments sucks
Enjoy your gross looking pennies
Putting Telemarketers on hold
Careful who you call useless
If I have to live with you, you have to live with me
Never Cheat For Your Child
Jerk won't leave the single bathroom stall, so I make him stay there on his own free will for over an hour.
Hope you boys like smelling like French lavender and honey.
Little twat insults my bestie and I, and gets what he deserves
Cantankerous old sow - More petty revenge at the dump.
Don't take up all the pavement.
My revenge on squirrels.
You were mean and rude after having asked for help, now your sins are laid bare before all
Boss acts like an arse: Childish, tea-based retaliation ensued.
Keep raising prices, I'll show you.
Take me off your list. Now polka!
Getting scalpers what they deserve
Got a person banned from a top leaderboard gaming team
45 very satisfying degrees.
My neighbors girl tonight is obnoxiously loud (and unbelievably fake) in our very thin walled apartment. With what songs, should I backtrack their sex?
Ruined my favorite jacket...
Better use the correct lane next time..
Do your dishes.
No Mom. Its Called Kidnapping.
Another update to accuse me of theft, enjoy waiting on your packages
Won't participate, will you?
Ain't no rest for the wicked.
A prom tale from the hells of a retail worker
Little brother always tries to get me in trouble, finally got my revenge
Student suspended over a paper
My Brother, My Savior
Got Over My Fear of Public Speaking to Slam a Homophobe
So mom, I see you waited two hours to take me to the ER because you were busy updating every relative on Facebook about my crippling pain.
Revenge of the award
Okay to stab him with a fork???
Your favorite cup needs some golden showers
Asshole gets what’s coming to him.
Co-worker put a note on the microwave asking us to clear it to zero after each use
I hope you like your bagels meaty.
Pissed off Truck Driver
Arrange things backwards? Allow me to inconvenience you.
Don't ask permission first, then no cookies for anyone!
Kid bails out on doing anything on group project, tries changing groups to see which will get him a better grade, says we took his name off of the project and everything he did, mad when I prove him wrong to the teacher and he gets in trouble for it.
Fake surveys are a surprisingly powerful tool.
Old "best friend" made me feel worth less than I am; I destroyed his reputation and demolished his dignity over the next decade.
Pretended not to understand strangers insulting me in a different language, just so I could get back at them laterLocal McDonalds is strict about double orders? Fine, I'll play by your rules.
How does that 7 day cool down taste?
Too important to fill out your timesheets? Enjoy 48hrs of Zombocom!
Sports bar won’t play game audio. Good luck with that.
People who call support lines, get put on hold, hang up, and call back hoping for a person instead.
The neighbours are 'bugging' us, we'll bug them back
Act like the world revolves around you? Enjoy your poop shower.
Old Lady Gets Banned.
Gas station inconvenience
Karen bosses around students and got owned.
Putting a phone number on text lists for spam?
Lady cut in front of me in a lineup and I made her shit her pants :)
Be careful what you call him
It's symbolic of course
Jackass is gonna fail his test
New neighbor calls cops on my dad for loud music. He turns it up a bit
You’re bullying my sisters? Have fun buying a new phone!
Don't anger the person who gives you free cable
Bad Referrals
Annoying teacher get's FIRED
Teacher bullied students and slapped one(still unfolding will update when resolved)(i know my other post on entitled parents was fake but this is real)
Revenge on a batshit crazy neighbor
Next time she gets a roll of quarters.
Fifth of July
Cheat on your Fiance? Lose your Shirt!
I would like to get petty revenge with my roommates towels.
Good luck finding anything...
The county I lived in recently passed a ordnance giving individuals the right to sue and force people to remove GMO plants from their property. There's a massive bitch on the street, and lucky for me she's got a GMO rose bush.
Movies make me malicious...
Take away a day of my honeymoon? I'll make you buy everyone breakfast. (long but good)
On the receiving end of a crappy task (almost literally)
You want filtered water, don't be a bitch.
How I annoyed my terrible college neighbor who took advantage of my kindness
The Christmas Pantsemail spammer
Morse Code VirginSeated by the window and dude on the aisle seat wouldn't let me out
How my cat helped me get back at my ex
* INCREIBLE *
Revenge at the demolition derby
Tell me to work sick? I'll make sure you do too.
Don't Judge an Anesthesiologist by his Motorcycle
Humiliate the small, new kid? I'll get my own back in a subtler way.
Turning the tables on an aggravating coworker
Welp
Messing with Scam caller
A very important meassage:
Upstairs neighbor is driving me craZy with excessive stomping and having her kid run free and jump around all day. Throws things on the floor, our building is really weakly insulated. Advice?
Oh, you want to give me a £20 note for a 59p card...
Not sure if this is the right place but ok
I'm getting revenge NOW
Wanna play music on the bus loudly? Enjoy a sharp ringing sound in your head.
Skank driver gets the skank treatment.
Follow Fellow German Students Instructions
"Bully-reporting" a dude for selling candy on the bus
Takin' out the trash
Noisy Arse Upstairs Neighbours
that was unexpected, wasn't it, douchebag?
For our Security Purposes
exam invigilator gets schooled
There's no coming back from what I just did
When raging goes wrong.
Messaged my horribly abusive ex asking that he didn't acknowledge me if he is to see me at a music festival this weekend.
Cut me in line? I’ll cut you and everyone else fair and square!
The Definition Of Revenge
Have a fingerprint!
Don't mess with me before my coffee.
Won’t give me gas money? Cool I’ll sell your China for more guns.
Petty revenge on my cat
Just got my asshole manager fired because I was more valuable to the company
This guy is an online fraudster
The partner who did nothing (got deleted in pro revenge)
How I Stole $1,500
Make me study for an easy/pointless biology placement test 2 weeks ahead? Ill make you have more work!
EXTREMELY PETTY REVENGE on sister in law
My little brother won it!
Be rude to me and my Bestie, we’ll just make it so you can’t go near your gf.
Surprise Epic Games Account? Mine Now
Do you even lift?
It's the very little things
Nag me again and I'll show you.
Honking at me to turn illegally.
Petty Revenge on evil aunt but made me mentally healthier
Don't let me sit with my friends? Enjoy getting bombarded with students.
Be an asshat and make my job harder? I've got a friend who needs a job.
Stop peeing on my bathroom floor.
Revenge on a mean ass old lady
Don’t Touch My Laundry.
Teachers Lock Projector Remotes in Desks, I Find a Way In
I don’t know if this counts but my 16th birthday was August 19th and because I’m not my moms favorite (her favorites are the girls) and on Friday I got off of work to spend the night at my grandparents and I found out something that made me mad.
Boss who fired me for asking for a raise, gets something special.
Gold digger digs their own grave
My take this job and shove it prank from 1989 - Big Telco CSR Stories Part II
A Little Revenge On My Teacher
Enjoy your lose change cunt
Wendy's is no place for your bigotry.
No one is home, go away! My petty revenge on my housemates horrible girlfriend
Grandpa was... let's say "insensitive"
You think I'm stupid enough to fall for your scam? You have noooooo idea.
Shit on minimum wage employee? That'll cost ya
Double Petty Revenge, starring Duct Tape.
Dirty my clean floor, I'll make you wait for your dinner!
Sometimes revenge is just doing to you what you did to me.
Petty Bus Revenge
First Class Bitch
A store owner just made my 10 year old brother cry.
Justice in a sandwich
I think not.
Home for the holidays.
Step on my heels? I'll step on your toes
Hope you enjoyed the hike!
How to deal with noisy neighbours.
Be a little shit we'll fuck up your whole day
Revenge on scammers who sold my boyfriend counterfeit concert tickets
Try to bully a discount out of me, get charged extra.
If you have made me hate you hide your mechanical pencils.
so you want to give me stupid questions fine
Elbows vs. kick
Fuck with me bam you're expelled
Haunted Houses- Scare me, well actors got my back
Be a hypocrite, pay the price
Did I get pettyrevenged?
My sisters boyfriend always complains about my cooking without even tasting it.
Let's play a game...
Now that i know he is cheating
Don't take my stuff.
Moderate a subreddit that only allow views and opinions like your own? Get bent r/toledo!
Flashing lights like crazy doesn't make me go faster
Drink my ice coffee without asking? Enjoy your herpes
Security guy gets owned pt1
I used to work at the drive-thru at a local bank...
Made my senior year a little brighter
Kick my car and spit on me? I'll humiliate you in front of everyone
Twenty-something chick smarts off to me when I am trying to make sure my fellow passenger gets a snack, its dark on the plane so, I cannot see that the person is asleep.
Don’t pay us legal minimum wage? Meet the state department!
Thank you 7-11, for being the instrument of my petty revenge
Can't settle on a product and proceed to rush me?
The Subway girl gave me half as much salad than they usually do.
You really don't know how to do dishes.
Extra-spicy Revenge (WARNING: LONG)
Got simple revenge on my sisters cat
Cancel me at the last second? It'll cost ya!
Rudeness won't get you phone charged
We have nothing for you, I'll return the favor
Kick my legs under the table? Say goodbye to your save data!
My ex's petty revenge on me
A revenge most petty for a grumpy butt
I hope you enjoy your new setup
Trashed her room? Lose your things
Kid takes advantage of me when drunk and I ruin his life
Use my email to join online dating...enjoy the ...ahem..men..you meet!
Mayo, Lettuce, Tomatoes, and REVENGE
Kick my dog ? Get shit on litteraly
you force me to eat food i don't wont well your cleaning the mess
Karen doesn’t want me to record in a public cafe due to “privacy issues”, ends up with the whole conversation in a public youtube video
Steal our table? We'll steal it back.
I was as nice as I could force myself to be, and then made the jerk feel bad.
Don't pay me my holiday money or the hours I worked? Enjoy the text you get with spoilers.
Call me (and only me) out during class? Let's hope you like pink fluffy unicorns
I tell my wife what is going to happen in her favourite soap opera.
I don't usually charge for the time.
I hate my dad so I do little stupid things to drive him crazy.
I Do Not Forget
My teacher constantly used the 'I don't know can you line' so I did it back and got sent to the principal's office.
Much Ado About Nothing = Petty Revenge Time
what’s a good response to “didn’t believe in magic until my friend turned into a snake”
Why you don't cut people off.
Shut down my girlfriend's douchey coworker.
Throwaway here, because this proves how big of an asshole I am
Former karate instructor holds belt hostage
Satisfying petty revenge on a nuisance neighbour
Steal my lunch? How salty are you?
A guy called my GF a bitch...
Tailgate me, will you?
No more prayer for you, you backward-ass zealot.
Move out of the fast lane or I'll make you move.
Give me a better view? I won't let you have one.
What do you do?
Siblings are assholes. I'm a bigger one
Kid who almost got security called and arrested for stealing my pencil case.
Market your business to me without my permission? I’ll do the same to you
Petty Pee Revenge
So this lady called a cake gay...
You won't give my SO the supplies he needs to do his job?
Customer gets revenge with a chainsaw
Petty and poppy
Why I don't play video games anymore
Teamkillers beware!
Karma is a cloud of of baking powder
Two epic stories or a girl fighting against her bullies
You want me to break your large bill? No problem
Nasty customer comes into my restaurant job every week, orders something, eats half of it before sending it back and getting another entree for free. So, today we called the cops and got her a ticket for illegally parking in our handicap spot each time she comes.
No small change...
Why complain when I've told I'd be polite
Pettiness in all life forms. Short but sweet.
Looks Like Somebody Isn't Going To College
Trying to Take advantage on a vehicle trade in
So my friend got hold of my Facebook password...
Revenge advice request - I have control of my SO’s iPhone
Just try to run, fool.
Say thanks when I hold the door
Hit me there, enjoy being a humiliated loser
You want the dogs in? Fine!
Inside Your Dog's Mind with Victoria Stilwel
So I ended up having my petty revenge moment at the worst time, but honestly I had no sympathy for this girl at that point
Entitled maniac beats on public restroom door as soon as I enter. Demands I get out. An intriguing proposition, but now I think I'll take my time instead. He calls over the manager...
Lady on the plane
Get impatient behind me in the garage? I will slow you down even more.
My Grandmother’s Petty Revenge
Sorry grandma
Vector Marketing tricked me into selling coupons and got pissed when I tricked them into buying me lunch
Behave like asshole coworkers for two days straight, and you think I'm going to cover for you? Guess again.
If you're going to be lazy, don't leave behind more than just your work for me to do...
Is this slow enough, officer F@#%face?!?
Parking wars
Fast food employee's revenge on me
I WAS RIGHT
This is super petty
Help me get revenge please!! It will make me start posting back in GW/GWC
Karen thinks her daughter deserves a solo more than the pastor's kid. Pastor's wife is in charge of the church choir.
It isn't my drinks fault you're having a bad day!
We Both Know I Remember You
Demand a cigarrette and cash? Get trespassed!
I’ve never seen an entire parking lot of cars towed before!!!
My apartment neighbor hates trash being left by our door!
Slash the tyres on my new sports bike? Let's see how you like fines and damages to your car
Move out day from living in a shack in the woods with a crappy landlord
Want to teach your kid a bad habit? Well, I'll teach her a worse one.
Claire's Fired Me For My Grandfather Passing Away
My bully for 3 years humiliated in front of his friends
I took the petty road....
Ruining a wedding reception for fun and profit!
Fuck with my non athletic abilities? Have fun with my disgusting pizza germs.
Shout out to those wronged by Texas AHs
Carma has a sense of humor for ex
Looking back this is pretty evil ... but you know.. don’t be a b****?
Subordinate bullied me to have her way.
The ex friend that did not care
Want your newspaper.... Sure.
Mother Nature's Revenge
Coyote piss car revenge
Passive aggressive Stepdad
So you wanna be ratchet?
Email CC petty revenge
it was petty
The key
Loud ass neighbors
Cut me off maybe the cops pull you over.
Stop me from getting a job? Good luck keeping yours.
Guy thinks he can just take my parking space.
Steal My Sandwich, Get Me A New One!
Try to get me in trouble with the stewardess for not turning off my phone? Then wait.
sucks that you can't actually watch anything on your tv doesn't it
Be a crummy neighbour? Enjoy the 'free' internet I give you.
No hot wings for racist people!
Bumper Carts
You want to sit in my seat? Fine.
In such a hurry to buy snacks?
Play loud music? You're now the apple of my eye...
Take my slice of big pizza have fun with no pizza
Hippity hoppity, you broke granny's property. Bippity boppity, your hair goes choppity.
Accuse me of stealing toiler paper again? Let's plug the toilet with some.
Douche kid in a clan of mine that playz Dayz....
Didn't think that whole half second mattered...
Petty revenge on racist grandparent.
Dog shit in your mailbox
Mouseballs
You have a garage and 2 other places where you can park, why do you have to be a dick?
Dad abuses passenger privileges, revenge served cold
Middle school petty revenge: slam book misses the trash can, tween bullies get what's coming to them
How to get revenge on this tow company? (Legally)
Hope you enjoy your coffee that is high in iron
Enjoy waiting to make that turn, jackass.
Petty steal from deserving restaurant
Be mildly irritating like literally one time? I get my extremely petty, nigh-imperceptible revenge exactly 5 years later!
Warm soda for you.  Cold soda for me!
Break up with me, then come back two years later? I don't think so
I just got petty revenge on my ex best friend to her opposing political party!
Am I being Petty or a Pro?
Woman tries to cut me off in front of store, but karma happened very quickly.
Annoying roommate back in college.
Late Night Food Delivery
Arrogant jerk
분당오피▷ㅣ 밤워 ㅣ◁신촌오피／／더타임《BAM》WAR 1 0 《COM》원주오피
Always be late or never even show up huh? Well take this trash
Some asshat from another country used my email account to order food. That's going to cost you...
you steel my one of my useless Pokemon cards i will trade fake Pokemon cards for you're most expensive card
Wanna dump your trash on my 71 year old mother’s lawn? Ok, just don’t be surprised when you get a cleaning bill from the city!
Keep teasing me after I’ve politely asked you to stop?
Dealing Craps Sucked
Sure, lady, we can do it your way.
Revenge on a screaming prankster
NFTY event gone horribly wrong, best friend raped with laced weed after trying to buy a $20 G
You can go use that machine, sorry.
Succ on that
Vienna Sausages
Take a parking sport that is not yours, enjoy being watched and shamed by the whole store
Group member lied about putting in work to our project
Hope you like sour milk
I hope you enjoy having to unlock the door again, I really do
Petty revenge of a fly
My neighbor told me to slow down when i drove past her
Be a jerk? Let me ruin your concert.
Not much, but felt great.
Someone dm me and said this sub reddit might be interested in this story.
Wanna mess with me? Fine. I’ll ruin your new jacket.
Don't shit where you eat. Or the other way around...
Boss didn't pay me
Easy Baked Revenge.
Dont mistreat a pizza delivery guy
Steal my parking spot? Hope you brought a rag.
Revenge On My Abusive Mother. She Never Knew it Was ME Responsible For The CLINKDon't follow the schedule? Well then drown in angry customers and burgers
Driving like a dick in a company van.
Say goodbye to your commission!
Shitty neighbours.
Any ideas on how to get revenge on a restaurant?
I Pissed Somewhere I Should Not Have
League of Legends Champion Select Petty Revenge
Complain at me about YOUR stuff on the counter? Fine...
Don't call me that.
Local store employee refused to sell 7 pumpkins, almost lost $100 0000 in sales a year
Don't believe I'm nauseous, pay the prize.
Stupid Cat Hat
Target has ruined red shirts for everyone else
Feel my wrath, puny mortal!
Steal my milk, have a watery tea
Bitch to my boss about me? Sort your own damn mail
Guy refused to do his work, I got revenge
Post stories with single letter names? Have a downvote
My Ex-best Friend Treats me Like Crap, I Cat-fish Her.
Ex-girl. Revenge is sweet.
Think twice before you steal from your own kids.
Don't be a douche while driving your company car.
Call me a stupid at work I will petty revenge you.
Kid Was Rude So I PWND her ass
Bosses boss blocked my contract bonus payout, so I cut last line that kept company merely afloat.
Learn manners or you can't have your shampoo.
He thought he was tough...
What? I can’t have fun??
Betray me and lie to me? How about I ruin your school life?
Lying Jerk Gets Blocked
Tell me I'm lying about having cancer? Enjoy getting chemo vomit on your shoes.
need help getting petty revenge
The Applebee's $100 marinara shower
Petty Revenge against annoying scamming telemarketers
Enjoy Your Magazines
Worst neighbor
Ruin my soda after warning you not to? Have fun getting in trouble.
Falsely accuse me of stealing your food and I'll actually steal your food
No Hackers Safe
You will be recorded in history forever as less than human.
Be an asshole rat and a relationship wrecker? Good luck getting cast. :)
Shipping Karma; or, UPS and USPS Aren't the Same Thing, Idiot
Lose one battle to win a war.
High school boss and her daughter 16 years later
She there mud on us so we throw her out
The blonde's studebaker...
Sorry, I'm not supposed to work now! So I won't!
Hosts.txt Revenge
Work nemesis fired for incompetence after trying to smear my reputation
Ignore my complaints and charge me when I do, thanks for the free rent.
Too lazy to go to the dumo
The bathroom fued
Two-Faced friend Faced with Telemarketers and Auto-Dialing Spam Bots
Be an asshole at the bar? Have fun getting home without your car keys!
Jim Jefferies' lesson about plane etiquette (starts at 30m44s)
TLDR: Doesn't want to pay your portion of the tip. I am the internet god and you are not worthy of my internet
Lunch Detention for the Year
Lost my vote
Joggers revenge for foolish out of town driver.
Can’t wash the dishes? Then no more dishes for you
Steal my spot? Hope you have AAA.
"Hurry up, I'm late"
Gotta problem with a extra rib?
Screw with my brew?
Move your stuff into my garage? Hope you like no more bikeGot some bullies into trouble for spitting water at me and trying to wreck my hat
Trying to scare the shit out of a 12yo me? Hmm I don't think so, but good try!
My brother likes to steal my MexiCoke. Tonight the tables have turned...
Got under her skin for lying
Getting petty w my ex husband
A guy told my friend to go kill themselves so I track their IP address, find their location and get their account taken down
Sweaty is the best kind of petty
Don't leave me the laundry card? Then do your own underwear!
Try to cut me for a concert that I woke up at 4:30 AM for? How about you watch ME as I cut you!
Never mess with my brother
Spread fake rumors about me? Eat my dust!
No karma for you!
i hate my neighbors
Keep me awake? I hope you like drag queens!
Chess kid gets a taste of his own medicine
How to get annonymous revenge on a scammer that deserves to be in jail.
iPhone Battle Royale!
Send glitter to your enemies for just 5 bucks instead of 9.99 and have it shipped in less than a day!
Don't mess with my pencils!
Arnold the cabbie
"I need to know where to get body parts from now!!"
Two cocky pilots get their comeuppance
Mean girl at high school.
I shattered my roommates belief that good can win.
How did I get revenged?
Leave my tent alone. (Kind of accidental revenge)
You messed with the wrong guy, lady.
Sabotaged some douche's shopping bag in the name of petty.
Don't mess with me and my milk! Part 2
Don't want to take your turn? Fine. Mr. Spider is going to help me.
Mom took my larger TV. Enjoy walking.
Lets play "am I a cop"
Blind me? Right back atcha!
scam my dad out of 30k get all of your machines ruined
Sorry for your loss
How to Properly Get Back At An Ostrich
Kick sand in my eye enjoy a broken toe
Steal my parking spot? That just cost you $20!
Get impatient and shout at me? I’ll slightly over cook your sandwich
Hate Mexicans? Have twenty!
Least effort for the most return
Classic co-worker petty
Steal my friend's food? Push my friend off a tire swing? Steal my friend's sister's pencil case? Let's just say it's going to get a little muddy between us.
Potential Landlady from Hell
Don't hide the tape gun or you'll be sorry.
karma on woman who stole bookings from us.
Random Creep Online Banned From Favorite Discord Server
Ice Cream Shop Pettiness
Be an ass to me? Enjoy backpain
You won't turn down the volume? I'll make sure you can't listen to the music
I ruined hundreds of hours of art work (clay) and took the chances of big prize money away completely.I don't deserve my driver's licence? Fine, you can walk home
Framed for breaking a frame, or 3
Eat all my candy? Let me eat all your cookies
Take my Phone I take yours
/r/IDon'tWorkHereLady recommends I tell this story here.
Don't eat my food off of my plate. You will regret it!
Just say thank you next time
Matches- they work more than once, right?
Pelt My Older Brother With Rock Snowballs Enjoy My Mom's Wrath
Use your own towel, man!
Tap dancing raccoons in my ceiling.... landlord does nothing about it.My daily revenge on shitty companies
Monopoly is a fun game.
Wawa employee is a mean liar.
Teacher wants to be a bully? Good luck
My roommate has been stealing my goodies...until this morning.
Revenge on my little brother
Bite a 12 year old kid, will ya? Dumb dog.
Screw You Roommate
Revenge at the DMV (Vol 2)
Revenge on a forgetful brother.
Try to Shove Past Me? I'll Trip You
Employee hid my keys to scare me, I ended up scaring him in return.
Threaten my dog? Get your truck towed.
You want my code, bitch? Don't forget your Zovirax.
Friend brags about pokemon cards loses his favourite card
Not today officer
Don't want to control your kids, huh?
Play nice or no game for you
Petty revenge on petty flies
Little sister was being kind of a ass to me while I slept, so I got her a little wet.
No Luxurious Down Comforters for Plan-Changing Tenants
My new project requires a new e-mail address ... and a loathsome "signature" on each message.
So you wanna hold the grocery line up on the day before Easter? You know...one of the busiest days of the year??
The Sperm Perm
I lock the account of people who don’t log out of my computer
Principal Tries to Take My Paycheck
Let Me Help You Dry Your Clothes (forever)
Annotated Petty
12 year old destroys bully
Returning a favour
Mom’s BF teaches me how to be petty
Record video in a dressing room and drain my phone battery? Have fun all over the internet?
Old College Revenge
Colleague tells me his favourite food is all of the pizzas
Enjoy the stomping.
Carrying On Over Carry Outs, Or, Making Liquidation Work For Me. (x-post from TalesFromRetail)
Cash register money exchange revenge
Leave me a bad tip will you?
Park your convertible like an asshole? FEAR MY WRATH.
The Art of Fart
Yes I can understand you
the *BEST* way to deal with an annoying flier...
Use Google Maps to falsely lure people to your church? Jesus would not approve
Everyone gets recognized but you!
Steal my “Dukedom”, I’ll take everything you have.
You think its okay to tell me to kill myself? Enjoy walking in the rain for hours.
Skip class for free burritos? I’m going to eat your burrito.
I still can't believe my dad let me do this
Want to request a terrible song? We made a new file just for you.
Here's your burrito with a side of justice
So this one guy ripped me off when I bought weed from him
Hope you like drinking warm water.
Rude no tippers get my special sauce
Fuck yourself, that's why.
Risk my dog getting sent to the pound with no way of them finding her owner? I think fucking not.
Nasty neighbor
Then goes parks somewhere's else...
Can you text privately please!
Kid Thinks He's The Boss Of The Chat So I Change That
My cat nipped my hand, so I farted in his general direction.
Gaming revenge from 40 years ago
Petty Revenge... on me?
Oh, you won’t go in those conditions?
I don't need protection!
Steal our seat? We steal your seat.
My wife can be very vindictive.
The Chunky Chocolate Milk
Be nice to me? I won't discourage your brother being mean to you!
Annoying Neighbors
Sabotage our utility system - that will cost you!
Try to scam people? I'll waste your time.
Old lady let her dogs poop under camper slideout. Owner with the sldieout got some good petty revenge
Complain about me on the internet? I don't think so.
Update from Special K Chocolatey Revenge!
If you don't want to pay for it, you ain't using it.
Impatient lady gets upset and tailgates me trying to cut around traffic, so I make her more upset.
Having actual standards
Told ya!
Habla español?
Pretty revenge behind the wheel
I hate having roommates.
Get in my business, and I get in yours
Disrespect your neighbors guest, might be a good idea.
My husband’s girlfriend...
keep throwing with stuff from others? let me throw away your calculator.
Be a bitch to me in high school? Guess you're not getting the job!
Looking for advice?
On the dotted line
You like beer?
I played a ranked game of Dota 2.
Don't shop with moody teenagers !
Maybe she's born with it. Maybe she's Faber-Castell.
Let me play you the sound of Revenge
Call me a sneaky with and kick me out of class? Have fun losing your job!
Eat MY Food? I'll Feed You Cat Food!
Karen buys out TP and tries to sell it to the community
Boss got petty revenge on a wealthy ass who wouldn't pay for her car repairs.
Keep waking me up with your horn at 5:30am?
Get the fuck out of the way!!
Instant karma revenge at work.
Professor claims I have mental issues
"Are you crazy? If I can't go home, neither can you!" Sure, buddy!
Leave the dish pit a mess? I'm gonna freeze your hat.
Narrow street, two cars meet going towards each other.
Trip me? No bitch, I trip youuu
Co-worker too sick? Okay then...
Racist woman on bus gets more than she bargains for..
See what happens when you push me down in the dunk tank one too many times?
Noisy down stairs neighbors
A lack of action has consequences.
Annoy me a lot, lose your hat
We don’t even like one direction
Won't take my medical issue seriously? Have fun covering my shifts.
How my sister got her revenge on my father
Im the neighborhood dog shit picker upper now.
Parking Spot Thief Almost Out-Petties Us
My father's tailgater revenge.
Fare evader jumps the gates so I send him the wrong way... Comes back to complain and gets a £80 ($100) fine.
Getting away with being an asshole to an asshole customer
Want to be with family, but don't act like family? Fine, we'll go the beach.
Making the scammer lose time or patience...
Look, look with your special eyes!
Kitty Roommate Revenge
Won't give me $20 off? Fine, I'll get $50 off instead
Fire me? I won't shake your hand.
You wanna be the worst neighbor ever? I'll let you sweat it out alittle...
Got back at my dad for sneak-dissing me in front of our family during Thanksgiving dinner
She kept stealing my washing powder so I gave her dye
I put Nair hair removal lotion in my ex boyfriend shampoo
Revenge is Best Served Hot and Buttered.
I introduce the neighbors screaming grandkids to a fun new song
I purposefully left out breadsticks from a take out order when working at a restaurant
Made my father pay thrice the amount of the power bill.
Roommate's problems? Turn off the router mid game...
Don't turn off the internet when I said I'll be down soon, Mother.
Keep me from sleeping on a long flight? Lose your nice scarf.
grandpa's revenge. the years of experience trained him well.
Gonna be a dick? Have some dick pics.
Revenge on my roommate
My aunt ruined my dinner, so I ruined hers.
I am a pacifist, but I engaged in chemical warfare
Please don't push me.
I need your help to get revenge
Don't be an asshole to the guy letting you into the bar
Tell Mom I play M-rated games, I'll let it slip you are a disgusting pothead
Got my spoiled sister
Douchebag wall guy.
I am one of 2 men in my small-ish office and the women here complain HARD when the toilet seat isn't put down.
Make my life hell I’ll make your’s hell too
Kick me off the team? Ok, win against you in opposite team
Don't fuck with MY little sister
Break my school iPad? No eating for you.
The Old Man And The Receipt
Drive like an idiot to get in front of me in just to sit in bumper to bumper traffic? Enjoy my high beams for the next 20 minutes.
PB demands water got more than he bargained forNext Time, Watch Your License Plate
The white haired witch.
http://herbalweightlossreview.com/trubodx-keto/
I got my teacher fired by jumping out a window
If we don't get to see the stage, neither do you.
Don't piss off the people who handle your expensive art.
One little, two little, three little days
Patience is a virtue
A bump and a stain will cost you $20
Ungrateful Charity Loses Thousands of Dollars
I kinda made one of my teachers cry
Rude girl in my Spanish class
Using Yelp reviews to vent about my landlord is very therapeutic. ZERO STARS FOR YOU
Bully me I’ll get you grounded for 2 months
Petty women will be petty.
Sometimes the best revenge is watching karma in action.
My Annoying Manager
Now that all of these people are coming forward about Harvey Weinstein, there should be lots of people who can let the world know about his penis size
Take watering jug from table
Won't hand me change? I won't hand it back.
Impatient lady didn't like my slow driving, gets herself into an accident.
I used his own porn to hurt him.
Steve is not wrong, just an asshole
My teacher mocked me for picking up pennies, then found he couldn't pick up a dollar.
Mom Uses Phone Bill to Expose Entitled Grandparents
Coffee Cup Revenge
I'm proud to be able to contribute to /r/pettyrevenge
Make a mess of my house? No TV for you!
prevent me from gaming miss out on work
Friend got horrible teacher fired for breaking the data protection law. TL:DR at end
Annoy me about my personal relationships, have fun being cold.
Unpleasant cheesecake surprise
The bitch who constantly reported me to the local council for repairing my car has been forced to sell hers due to not being able to pay road tax and insurance. Shes become broke!
Update: Neighbor trespassed and was biten...crap has gone off the rails!! Pitchforks! Fences!! Lawyers! Oh my!
The best revenge is when the person actually does the work for you
Beat up my friend? Enjoy Your girlfriend healing up with you
Tailgate me? Teamwork pays off.
Who doesnt love John Stamos?
fatass coworker who likes to take my food
Get me chased with an iron bar? Enjoy your lunchtime drink...
Mess up clothes I fold and put them back in the clean clothes bin for me to re-fold because you're too lazy to put them away? Great, no more folded clothes, I'm not helping you find them either!
Don't ignore the sign that says "please wait here for next available cashier"
Music Battle
Help me brainstorm some petty revenge for the recycling scavengers who make a mess of my garbage every week.
missing pots
Your time isn't more valuable than everyone else's in trafficWalk in my path, get run over.
Revenge Advice for bfs flirty housemate
Grumpy people don't deserve cake
Hot, sweaty taco lady earns visit from health department.
Do not piss off a new mom!
Accidental revenge in fast food
Park like a twit? Take the stairs.
Keep it Cumming Roomie
The cat did it.
How i got rid of a leech on my phone line. Fry special anyone?
You try to push my lunch? Try me
My mum and my husband in cahoots
Some dude behind me was rushing me up the stairs...
Cut off a 1/2 mile of cars waiting patiently to exit, karma comes a knockin' (with a little help)
We're keeping you up with our talking and laughing? Enjoy your wake-up call.
Some unholy songs for the holy people
She'll never know, but I feel vindicated.
Patient tried to steal watch, sets off entire staff
Out 100km, 4h time, a Phone and $100, you'll be out more then that.
Enter the Anoy-a-Tron, or How I Dismantled My Roommate's Psyche
Those were mine. MINE.
Don't sleep with louses.
Copy/paste? Not today
Spam my FB feed and phone with ugly baby pics? Have lots of cat pics! (x-posted to /r/childfree)
Damn scammers and how I got my sweet revenge!!
Wombat's revenge
The nitpicker becomes the nitpickee
No Sausage rolls for Mrs Meanie
Insult me when I won’t lower the price? Get stranded in the rain.
Try to scam me will you?
Try to rush us out? Guess we'll take our sweet time leaving. (aka the time my uncle finally spoke up)
Midwestern tourists get a lesson in tipping something other than cows.
Home-schooled kiddos
Ignore the attention of one and receive the attention of many
blame it on the ISP
My ex made me cry in front of her friends, 4 months later I’m getting revenge
How to get revenge on someone who keeps parking in parking space or keep them from doing it?
Was this revenge served too cold to be petty?
Let us wait and see how much time you'll waste re-filling those numbers in.
Harrassive ex-classmate of mine gets fucked over
You’re going to call the cops whenever someone parks along the curb in front of your house? Well, if I can’t park there, neither can you
Doordash stole my tips, so I got $2,000 worth of free food.
Shortcuts
Good luck streaming the Oscars without WiFi
I know how light switches work...
Annoying my (former) group project partner
Mean to my friend? I'll ruin your food
Ruin many family members lives?good luck finding your own house
Don't want to send a return shipping label...sure I will mail it.
Golf bro got what he deserves
Get your dick sucked my girl? Enjoy smoking that bowl of K2.
Movie night
I pranked my wife with a "lottery win"; years later she got me back with a lottery win prank on a whole new level!
10 Hour Loop.
Neighbor won’t stop singing in the Karaoke at 3AM. They no longer have a Karaoke machine
The time I kind of got back at Keyshawn Johnson
Keep it a secret? Of course.
Vengeance for fallen
No 18 wheelers? Then you don't get my money.
Waste my time? Your laptop will smell fruity!
Revenge served Red
FUCK YOU
Congrats! You now own a bunch of peafowl
Dept of Motor Vehicles
Revenge on a Phone Scammer
Leave me when I'm down?
Park your fucking bikes somewhere else
Dizknee line aggravation
Ebay Scam Revenge
Telling lies to me will only get you killed with kindness and hard truths...
I'm not going to get you bonus points for the test you never studied for
Will you help me execute some petty revenge?
Asshole neighbor with sensitive car alarm gets what's comin' to him!
The Home Warranty Sign Up Revenge
Revenge against the cat who woke me up too early
An Absolute jerk almost kills me so I get him fired (and worst) expelled
Ruin my cooking and blame me? How about no.
Kitten revenge
No, you can't have my parking space.
A Short Tale of Revenge...online style
Mom freaks out that i am 14 and have my nipples legally pierced, found a way for her daughter's to be too.
More kitty petty revenge...
Need Advice on Something
My revenge on a customer
Mother regrets forcing me to do her kids homework
I hope you enjoy rush hour traffic.
Want to annoy the driver? I hope you like my music.
I just had to.
Phone Demo Gone Wrong
Alex! Play Bitches Ain't Shit by Dr. Dre (PART TWO)
Bathroom duty
Neighbor lets dog poop on my porch on purpose
Back of the line, pal.
I can’t have a pet? Well see about it.
Tailgate me on the road?
Push past me in a corridor? Hope you don't mind scuffed shoes.
i got annoyed that my fried kept breaking my blue tak statue
My step-brother's an idiot, so it wasn't hard to get revenge.
Go on, keep yelling. See what I do next time.
Bully cat picking on my animals gets banished
Frogs and Peeing.
Gamer decides to post his real address for all to see after being an obnoxious shit.
You should be nice to your phlebotomist.
Wanna unfollow me on Spotify? No more premium for you!
Grumpy window washer meets his match.
You must have been really busy to hang up on me...
Revenge on my son
Oh you are going to be rude today? No good candy for you
Roommate wants to fight? Have fun with no dishes or TV
How do I make my management suffer? (Retail)
In Which I (Hope) I Helped His Girl Dodge a Bullet
Hotel pranks
humble myself in front of my friends and other school courses? I will make sure to humiliate you in front of the other courses parents teachers and even the mayor
Stole from me I to over his base
I move in to my apartment in exactly a week and the staff is a complete piece of shit. What can I do?
Laundry Day is a Very Dangerous Day
Racist Choir Teacher gets turned on
my arts teacher fails me for the school year. 2 years later she is the one who cries
Talk smack about my wife? Have some low karma.
College roommate revenge
Trash talker gets his ass handed to him.
Male classmate told my teacher to write his notes for him but he got shut down
So you decided to park in a no parking zone?
Don't want your dog anymore? What if he was the fastest dog in the world?
Dad eats my icecream all the time, finally had enough.
Flirt and fuck around with my ex behind my back? well then I’ll make sure the school knows your dirty little secret.
Petty revenge on r/pettyrevenge
A Quick Petty Revenge
Act like a dick, get dicked
My ex called me "Manipulative"...
Drunk call talking shit about my Fiance?
You're on a tight schedule, are you?
Listen to your Christmas music bitch...
My neighbours are selfish and take the piss but have no give for me and my wife. What can I do?!
Flick your butts on my step, see how you like it
Revenge is a dish best served...as little pastries?
My cat is a rather good judge of character.
Today I unintentionally made a child cry.
Cheat on me with my best friend? I’ll cancel your Adobe subscription
Get off my ass in traffic or wait another light
I show his mother the dick pic he sent me.
Harasser sends Twitter Horde to my Page, Horde Mass Blocks me
The BBC game show "Only Connect" was accused of being pretentious. They responded in a petty and very British way.
Using your flash, good luck getting good video.
Messy kid, bad attitude? Oops, looks like you lost out on $50.
can I reserve a table?
Sister steals headphones, I use the most pissy way to get it back
Beat the professor at his own game
my sister used to collect puzzles and when she annoyed me I would just go into her room and take a piece out of her unfinished puzzles
Revenge on a former friend's girlfriend.
Get out my swamp ya little bitch
First time here, am I doing it right?
Your a vegetarian how do you think those plants mothers feel
Taking revenge when someone hearts you in love !
Overnight Express Mice
Make me do your laundry?
Neighbors want to leave their wrecked car outside my house? Okay have fun paying to get it out of impound
Petty revenge on a 5 year old
Hate me? I'll make your gf's mother hate you.
Sometimes when people leave me on read for a couple hours, I send “are you there?” When they reply I leave them on read for the time they left me on read.
Tried flipping the tables on a rageaholic
I get called a bastard little do they know, I'm English.
Didn't believe me when I said I felt sick? Big mistake.
Guy Photoshops his girlfriend's forehead slightly larger when she annoys him.
A really toxic and annoying fandom led to me trolling on it
Thoughtless Immature Nephew May Be Legally An Adult, But He's Got A Lot to Learn About Respect, Boundaries, and How Abusing Kind Privileges Has Consequences
Wife goes off on somebody who gives her "weight" advice
Don’t call me fat again.
No Change for Me? More Work for You!
Bully gets left out
Got laid off for shady reasons, called the Health Department on my (former) boss
Loud Puppy Abuser gets Evicted and Puppy "Stolen"
Crappy Shower Head
Ex-GF tries to cheat but I befriend the guy and she ends up sad and lonely
Honk and drive at pedestrians? I'll just spit on your car
Don't put my washing out? Enjoy your boner, asshole.
Teaching a 26 year-old table manners.
EA/Dice received some petty revenge.
my roommates suck
Wife obliterates her place of work over being mocked for a typo.
Online 'Friend' tries to get my online story banned because it does better than his, which is filled with plagiarism; I make him a troll target
nearly run me over in the crosswalk? Get the finger and a dent in your nice car
2 Weeks Notice
I stopped doing his "adult" stuff, he quickly got arrested *twice*
Not me, but a friend. Barney really, REALLY loves weekends, and rude neighbors..
No. More. Parties!
I am younger than you. I am your boss. You're fired.
Be careful how extra you want your pickles...
Who has the Stuffed shells?
I waited 2 hours in line.
Bet you won't drink MY liquor again!Don't push people under water.
Enjoy that mild inconvenience next time you need to go to your locker.
The Salamander
Bruno, Please Stop Fighting A Kindergartner!
Bees and Detention
I won't help you calm your children if you get exasperated when I'm being accommodating.
Petty revenge is the best when they know they have to listen to you
Cunt neighbours from hell.
Woman In Japan Catches Cheating Boyfriend and Does This to His Electronics
Getting back at a school bully
Somebody ripped me off for $16 on Facebook marketplace
Got petty with ex roommates and it felt so good
Housemate kept stealing my food from the fridge so I gave him a crappy drink.
ATTENTION REDDIT!! Have you ever wanted to ask someone how they could be so stupid? Well now you can! My now ex boyfriend who is 20, left me for a underage groupie😂 call or text him (469) 584-0162 and ask him how he could leave someone who gave him the work and got his life together:)
Be a jerk to my roommate, a classmate with autism, and my gay best friend? Get burned! Part 3 (Finale)
Make my job harder and be a general dickhead? I'll do the same!
Hope you enjoy counting
My calc homework was shit
Won't let me pull through? You won't be able to either.
Asshole breakers his car window and pays €400 for getting his car towed
Decline a real answer,huge hypocrite, humiliate me and bully me? Start repeating your maths.
Shitty Schedule
Revenge on people who stole our seats and spilt our stuff everywhere
Embarrass him over his own fantasies
Brake check me on a busy highway? Enjoy my brights for the next five miles.
Refuse to give a ride, how about karma do it’s job
It's just a stamp
Oh...you wanted a clean car?
If you're going to write something rude, at least get it right.
Random person
A quick tale of Subway, sandwich artists, and cellphones.
No candy for you!
Frame me to get with my crush? Ok then 😈
My mom was laid off, seemingly for no reason, so she made sure to put the company's 800 number on her unemployment forms so they'd have to pay for the call.
McD's Revenge
Fake ass friend
Entitled kid takes the cheetos that I want, I will take the last sour cream and onion chips
An Eye for an Eye
Senile lady is senile
Be blaintly rude and get a huge bill
Neighbor was being annoying so I threw a bottle of piss at him
About 18 years ago as a college freshman, I spent $1.75 on revenge.
Bully me over a Chess game? Hope you like getting completely exposed.
Take my shampoo, body wash, and toothpaste well I hope you enjoy you frozen surprise.
Roommate CONSTANTLY kept the kitchen messy... so I got revenge.
Another bad roommate story
Left out in the snow
Boss blames me for his mistakes, make him drive 2hrs unnecessarily
Xbox player DDOSing me after beating him in R6 Siege. So I posted their gamertag in sex sub Reddit’s looking for horny men
Enjoy the dick pics
Cut me off? Fine
Don't mess with a Tom Boys Sister.
Today a co-worker didn't show up. I stole her gum.
My friend’s ex called her manipulative so....
Revenge by mail? Need advice
Add ae
Red lights and rednecks
Oxiclean Whore
Pizza revenge
Let you cat come into my backyard and leave dead animals everywhere? Ok, pay a fine to a shelter.
Lock me out of the house? It's okay. I'll wait.
Calling out the classless from behind the counter.
Forgetful brother being a jerk, try remember where your stuff is now
Fake a disability and bully my sister? Have fun scrubbing slushee out.
Polyglot vs. Telemarketers
My room mate have very loud sex so I pee on his clothes
Guy puts his bike in my parking bay.
The Chippy Revenge
Funko POP revenge
Absentee Father Pays
A few balls too many
Honk at me? Thanks. No really, Thanks!
If you're gonna be nasty, you might lose your popcorn
Please leave or suffer
I'll let your "brothers" do my dirty work
No lasagna for you!
Club Chaos
Small post--small revenge: but funny
Rude Customers
Steal my reindeer and vodka? Merry Christmas, asshat.
Steal my food, you will pay one way or another.
Advice on how to ruin someone’s life ?
I need help!
On the phone whilst I serve you on till? I'll ask you every question I have in my repertoire.
Taking it to the face
Tailgating petty revenge
The prettiest thing happened to me today
Ralph, Jesus did not have wheels....
Christian man Denied! (PR version)
beat up my best friends/crushes, sister for destroying/leaking his therapy sketchbook all over social media.
The pen is mightier
What do you get the boss that has everything?
Notebook niggles
Boom headshot!
Steal my shopping cart, eh? Enjoy your groceries.
my first act of petty revenge
An elderly man screamed at us to not play in the playground. So we screamed at him back
Rude to your mother? I'll treat you like crap too.
Good Price for a DTG machine
My Grandmother is petty, and awesome
Make me squeeze past your inconsiderately parked taxi, will you?
Girl gets drunk, loses her job, and is forced to walk the streets of Knoxville, TN for a night.
How to deal with horrible bosses
Bike Thief Gets What's Coming to Them
Sit in the parking lot blaring your music when everyone else is trying to sleep? Enjoy my horn.
Don’t like being called out then don’t be an asshat
Be careful of what you say about us Asians
Cleaning two departments after hours never felt so satisfying.
Rude people pay full price for their pizzas
Dont want to do your part of work ? Then make your own project
Try to leave customs now.
I made a rude customer pay "EXTRA"
Oh, let me help you spread those nasty rumors so you can get me "fired" and take my job. Be careful what you wish for...
My friend’s insane family’s double revenge
You want me involved? Alright, now I am involved.
Keep waking me wake up in the middle of my rem sleep to clean cat poop, I’ll sleep till the next day.
Decaf... Forever
Just checking
Apparently I'm an asshole
A bus trip to remember.
My Mom gets petty. Band Teacher vs My Hair
I'm not poisoning myself just because you don't know what you're doing.
Roommates have been dicks for a month during my 30 day kicked out notice. Enjoy your pissy, milky clothes.
Have fun entering my paperwork, tattle-tale
Make us work on the weekend? Hope you have enough left in your budget.
Play loud music, get pathetic petty revenge.
Tailgating me? Better not have any identifiable information on your car.
Teacher hates my family I make the school hate her.
Don't Lie to Police - They Will Find Out.
Complain about my use of car permits?
Oh you want to jump the queue do you?
Time for my SIGNATURE MOVE
Serial cheater...my turn now baby! Not in the way you may think.
"Anything is a dildo if you're brave enough." - Abraham Lincoln
Make a false police call on me? Oops, mine was real.
Stickin' it to the man
I got a kid taken away from his parents
Can't take exes strange ass behavior anymore.
After a blizzard in Chicago, don't steal parking spots!
Pull on my bathers? Enjoy your cold shower.
Morning commuters and Biker's petty revenge on douchey LA Public Bus Driver
Guy yells at someone for dropping weight in the gym because he "isnt lifting enough to have the privilege to drop it", another gym goer goes and lifts very heavy and drops weight right next to the asshole.
You keep me awake? I do the same thing!
Annoying younger sister finally gets a taste of her own medicine.
Cancelled my ex girlfriend's Windows license
My Grandma is a sweet old lady, until you mess with her family.
You cut me off enjoy some some black smoke
Christian car salesman complains to HR about my swearing... NSFsjw
Train petty revenge
Ants .. The Rudy chronicles
Night Crew vs Morning Crew (Round 1!)
Hooooooonnnnnnnkkk!
Thank you!
Got a little somethin’ over on my husband’s messy ex.
Petty revenge twist
Locked him out
Lie to get back my $75.00, watch me walk customers away from your business for years!
Don’t take my fucking cart!
Shoving it in my ex-boyfriend’s face
You want us to play Sweet victory at the superbowl, then later complain about us being the one playing?
Cheat on me, and try to demonise me through tumblr? Enjoy getting your tumblr deleted
Wait in the line of cars like everyone else
Throw at me twice? I'll ruin your morning.
Wife shat on my dreams
Horrible coworker leaves their computer unlocked and important documents unattended
I need ideas
You're in the wrong lane.
Rudeness will be met with a spilled beer
The last laugh
An EMT's petty revenge
Wanna be an ass housemate? 2 can play that game.
The bartender at work got snippy because I forgot her name, called her a different name every time I interacted with her for the rest of the shift.
Tourette syndrome helps get petty revenge on teacher
Taunting me for having to be gluten free and dairy free? Here you go.
Someone suggested that you guys might enjoy this. (X-post r/askreddit)
Douchebag Who Destroyed My Self Esteem
Ex-Roommate used to trouble me with his BS and I made him eat literal shit
Snitching on idiots
Drink my milk will you? Well my friend, let me tell you something.
I will buy all the pies (xpost from r/offmychest)
Cheat on several guys? Cool, lets make sure all of your friends and family know what kind of person you really are.
Can't use your bin? I'll use your pathway.
Girl tries to get me fired, gets herself fired in the process.
When you’re the boss and a troll.
Package thief won't ever steal again
A servers petty revenge
No tip, no ending
i need help getting revenge
If you're going to cheat on me, at least be less obvious about it...
That Won't Come Out in The Wash
Flatmate kept using my stuff without asking, so I tampered with hers.
ProTip: Don't call the wrong apartment or you're going to have a BAD time.
Don't treat the bouncers like the strippers
Rude callers are transferred to hold limbo forever...
Big Bang Theory revenge
Staying in your car doesn't mean you can park anywhere.
Tailgate me in the middle of the night...
Some people just want to watch the world drink sour chocolate milk.. I hate those people.
Neighbors complain about the height of a guys house. He gives them the finger.
You want to play your music loud? Fine, study in the dark.
The Irritable Cashier
Hit my breasts and body shame me in middle school? Good luck recovering your reputation!
Steal my cousins Pokémon cards, let me trade you these “Rare” cards.
Set me up to stand me up? Two can play that game.
The only spooky thing here is your racism.
Don’t park in our driveway
If you don't respect your elders I will smack you in the face... sort of.
Try to harass my mom with calls at 12AM? Enjoy booty calls from unknown guys
Never mess with a rugby girl
The Night Driver Strikes Back
Snow plow revenge
Teen buys every cupcake in shop after customer fat-shames her
Dude irritated me while I was tired as hell, so I ruin his favorite show
Get my hopes on a new job then ghost me? Have a few Puppy Bombs
When petty revenge feels good (long but satisfying)
Not on my Netflix ya cheapskate
Old technology revenge (just found this sub)
Trash the crew lounge? Forget lost and found!
Bussing off tables has its perks..
Can't find your favorite CD? How odd.
Disabled Lawyer tries to take advantage of the wrong person.You'll have to wait for that mp3 player.
No, I'm not leaving yet. Good luck getting this table, tho.
Make me fill out all your order sheets? Enjoy your "mercury poisoning".
I haven't ever
"Big Guy"
Impatient driver is just going to have to wait for the light to turn green again
My hair colours inappropriate? I’ll sort that out, then.
First time in my life exacting petty revenge, no regrets!!
Ask to cheat off my paper for a test? As you wish...
Bloody Thursday
Annoying person playing loud music at night!!
Daughter leaves recycle bin emptied on driveway, so she's coming home to the recycle bin in her bedroom.
Try to save my soul all day? Enjoy the humidity.
Don't jack that pig yo
They cut down our tree so I got revenge
Ripping Down My Damn Flyers...
One Ring to Prank Them All
Spite Parking
Ruin my career trajectory? I'll work to keep your life sad and lonely.
Let me pay for rent just for printing services. I'll just messed with your internet connection.
Glare at me during a movie? Feel the wrath of my sandals
My dad is being petty and I'm going to benefit
EM pay for insistence
Try to live rent free? Good luck finding a place to live:)
Have fun finding your stuff back (LONG)
what should I do? 3 guys are following and taking pics.
Fake fire me, Scott? No problem, I'll just turn the company phone off and act like I think I've lost my job.
My roommate broke my guitar case and never apologized, plus his gf has been extremely abusive to me when I don't even know her
Friend accuses me for abusing my dogs
Want a membership? You're not getting it from me
My uncle’s good and bad housemates
Some good ol' teenage breakup revenge, going on 3 years.
Diners Club
Didn't Know What You Wanted Me To Do With It.
You don't speak French, do you?
Make me look bad in front of our boss? Enjoy the extra work!
You made my life hell...and now you need a job?
Petty soccer revenge
Giggling coffee shop girls
Bitchy brain-washed roommate revenge
How about you watch the eighth notes, buddy.
"Either snitch or just leave." You betcha!
Petty revenge isn't sweet, it's sour (cream)
Try to steal my Spotify? Prepare for a music battle
Want a shower with that bath?
Trashy chauffeur
Managers Can Be Awesome
You Don't Bully My Kids And Get Away With It
Spoil Avengers : Infinity War for me? I will make sure you regret that!
How i got my room mate to stop peer presuring
Fuck you and your break room.
Sorry, we don't need any more instrumentalists
Former friend bullies and steals from me and I ruin her prom.
Got a cranky old driver to shut up and wait
How I deal with spam e-mails
Petty Gas Station Attendant 2 - Electric Boogaloo (at least it rhymes...)
These people could learn a thing or two from r/pettyrevenge.
Don't be a dick to your barista
Don't fuck with my sleep
You think you can just smack my sister in school?
You're firing me?! Fine. You're fired!
Grotesquely Misuse a Urinal in a Fine Establishment? You Will Be Shamed.
Push in front of us because you're important? Wait for your reserved table while we're seated ahead of you.
Yell at me for something I didn't do? Enjoy your breakfast.
Try to embarrass me in class. I’ll throw it right back
Gym Shower Revenge
You Threaten to kill my friends family? Good luck with that glue stick, bud.
*Congratulations* You have won the company lottery!
I dislike my coworkers. Part 1
Book a restaurant with my email address? Prepare for fun!
Tailgating? Have a ticket.
Close Call in a Bathroom Stall
Revenge for being punched and having my jacket stolen.
My revenge on a police officer!
Make us miss our lift?
Interrupt my lunch trying to scam money off me? Enjoy me nearly getting you arrested and ruining your scam.
Mess up my hall? Lose yours
Turn the lights off on me....
Almost late to class and only one spot available to park.
Cut me off? Well now you can learn to drive safely.
Free Burgers
$25.00 retailMarried police officer called to the scene of my hit and run not perusing the case because he was denied a date by my fiancé
So here's the story of my wedding petty revenge.
Scan my clearance? Two can play that game
Bitch at me for being nice? Get your lazy ass up
You can’t park here, have an extra shopping cart
well
Good luck spending my paycheque on blow
Steal all the remotes!
“Accidentally” spilled red wine on entitled step mom who wore white wedding dress to sisters wedding
She was not nice to my coworkers
My friend fucked his brother over big time
Be mean to me? I'll make your morning a little worse.
My Theater Practice Came In Handy
Canadian revenge is a dish best served cold. And petty.
My sister's bin raider...
My petty revenge against my ex roommates boyfriend.
I won’t rush for you because you’ve decided to park illegally.
Mess with my brother and I take your Christmas lights.
Homosexual Kindle Invasion (x-post from r/lgbt)
Enjoy your spit-beer, Uncle Douchebag.
Best revenge on a bully if I only have his email? Anyone know any email spam websites?
A childhood mastermind
Awfully nice lawn you have there. Petty pizza delivery driver story.
Being passive-aggressive is so almost-satisfying.
Waste My Time With Nonsense Tasks? I'll Blow Up Your Inbox While You Sleep
You want to play Drum and Bass all night then sleep in the day? Haha, sure thing.
Mirror, Mirror on the Wall, What’s the Pettiest of Them All?
Spread rumours about me; I'll make you look crazy...
Don't Call the Cops over Video Games
Get rid of your own rubbish!
May I see your I.D.
You can find my address online but that’s ok!
Guest refused to sit at our only open table
Work cut my hours to avoid paying OT on saturdays
Incorrect Data Only if you listened.
Revenge, best served with beer.
Guess who?
Jehovah's Witnesses disturb my glorious Saturday slumber
My school thinks I am my own mother, you have fun with that.
Oh fudge.
Called names, discriminated and bullied? Yes
Steal my stuff and see what happens
Take my chips/crisps? Have fun without the flavour packets!
He falsely accused me of being racist so I ruined his uniform
Stuck working retail all day on Thanksgiving so..
That one time someone tried to keep my security deposit
Should I get rid of her plant
The old man at the airport
Douchebag supervisor gets demoted, and quits, over a bite of cake.
Neighbors crazy ex parked in my spot
Cousin tries to Take over house!
How can I get back at someone over Facebook?
petty retaliation on a coworker
Not my story but thought I would share
Basically deleting my "friend's" server... Twice.
"I'm just picking up paperwork."
Lie to my face when I'm letting you stay at my house for free?
Old Man Cutterson Gets His Comeuppance
A little revenge on my ex via his attorney(s)
I'm sorry, Nick can't get to you right now, he's a little tied up at the moment
Oh, I'll fix it for you.
My cheap roommate's frugality bit her in the wallet
Christmas tree in November? What a load of baubles.
My first boss was a douche
Harass my mom, your lawn will get shittier
When I encounter rude customers at work.
Annoy every person in the terminal? Get your bag confiscated by TSA.
Breaking Bread Protocol? Enjoy your Crusty Revenge!
Don't pepper me with your dandruff.
Petty revenge worked out better than I had anticipated thanks to a stroke of pure luck.
Asshole soccer coach gets his comeuppance
Whoops, your toothbrushes scraped the inside of the toilet bowl?... my bad.
Ditch the team? The whole year is going to know.
I got my high school classmate kicked out of their home.
I'm a terrible person....
I Can't go to the Bathroom? Fine.
I am doing EXACTLY what you told me to do.....
Wanna cut in line, You're gonna wait a lot longer now
Happy Birthday? Not any more...
One of the earlier revenge stories I remember from the internet
Lazy college group member get comeuppance
"I'm not blind!!!"
Need something to eat? Have some of your own face.
Not sure if this is revenge or assholish.
I Hope You Like the Cold...
Don't want to hear from us anymore? Don't expect me to forward your mail.
It's not good to steal tips
Be an ahole I got you!
Pride Revenge on Religious Aunt
Shove your passed me to get the last seat?
Make jokes about my brother having cancer? I'm going to fucking take everything back that I ever gave you.
I own a person money, what is the worst way to pay it back?
Dad took a bite of my sandwich so I put fakeupdate.net on his computer.
You Lost the Election by Seven Votes
Why would you even do that?
Oh, your client parked in my driveway? That's ok, your board meeting is about to ROCK
I accidentally made my teacher regret his choices as a teacher.
Toilet Paper Revenge Gone South
Class bully gets his leg pulled
Massage spa charging me a same-day cancellation fine for an appointment I never wanted, and tried to cancel the day before. I found out just how petty I could get over $50.
Leaf-Blower Psycho
Quit, ten got Promoted!
Don't fuck with locals when you're from overseas.
Be a dick to me in line? Don't get your preferred seat!
Take my phone for no reason? Sogni d'oro.
When a useless skill becomes useful...
A minor fender-bender with a majorly racist dinglefuck
Revenge...On My Dogs
I don't get paid
Karen in Paris, a lesson in manners
Steal my tent? Eat ants.
Complain about me doing something nice for you?
Annoy me during school? Enjoy not have any lead in your pencil.
Yes, you are my waiter, but don't be a dick!
Nightmare neighbour revenge
My brother is a pig.
My stupid landlord
Condescending Neighbor
She should have minded her own business.
Go kart revenge
Don't want me as a customer? Good luck getting past spam filters...
Soon I will show you what real noise is.
Going to take my phone and be childish? Well, I hope you enjoy it formatting itself.
If you're gonna be loud, I'll make you louder
Honk at me while I'm waiting to turn? Now you look like an ass
Foster carer hit me. I mess with the cooking.
Roo's Kitty Revenge (NSFW?)
Keep sending those bills, fools
No reward points for you
Request: My roommate is an insensitive tool and I want to sign him up for a bunch of spam emails and telemarketer calls. Who should call and email him?
How I served my manager a taste of his own medicine (x-post from r/TalesFromYourServer
Don't tell me happy birthday and proceed to ask me for a favor? Well then fuck you
Use my Netflix account for free? Have an ugly profile pic!
NEVER disrespect a crazy person that you share living space with.
Gave my roommate's idiot friend some soil for his pot plant...
Don't leave your dogs in the car in the heat!
Won't play my song? No music for you!
Get in your designated coach seat
I hope he never catches on. &gt;:)
I guess you're too busy not being at work to bother mopping yourself...
Service tech rude to support? How about we cost you some money.
Locker Room Sabotage
You feel too good to wait in line, I, as a client, will happily make you do so anyway.
The idiots next door and their "malfunctioning" alarm
The day karma took care of narcissistic mother.
Piss me off, I'll take parental block kid's channels.
My bad mic finally came in handy
Downvote revenge.
Being tailed and almost rear ended gave me the urge to wash my windshield.
Be rude to me? See what happens
Well played mom, well played...
Truck driver gets a face full of iced tea.
Garlic Not Revenge
Won't delete my number? Im going to waste 40 minutes of your time
Don't take advantage of my kindness.
You illegally remove a bike rack in front of my home/business, just wait.
Advice on how to troll a scammer on Autoscout24?
Don't let my friends eat their lunch? Get the ultimate no u!
Nothing unites kids quite like pettiness
Destroy this idiots phone with spam for being racist to me
Kissed my bully’s crush right in front of him
I spoil movies for fun
Pleasantly surprised with revenge by proxy
My suitemates refused to clean the kitchen, so I mildly inconvenienced them.
Kid at my school came to school, everyone hated him. I was his only friend, kid became cool and is a dick to me. I renamed an Instagram account his account name and forged messages of his gay confession to me, that fucked up his reputation a little bit.
Already Using Your Service, Please Take Me Out Of Your Dialer
Ex girlfriend breakup revenge
Harassing us? Say Goodbye to your job!
Make fun of my friends weight? ok
steal my pizza? ok.
My girlfriend just decided to start ignoring me to flirt with other guys. She's a copywriter on Fiverr so....
payback
Did it rain last night?
Thanks for cleaning up.
cheaters never prosper
Do you like shopping twice?
Drive like a total asshole, enjoy the petty revenge and sweet justice
Cafe owner docked my pay for throwing out unsafe food...
Here is a retelling of one of the best revenge stories I have to offer.
I need some advice for revengePetty revenge on the new roomate
Lock the parking garage and I am riding my muddy bike through your lobby.
I guess she didn't expect I would get promoted.
Want to drive with your big ass truck like an asshole while blaring shitty music? I got you.
.
How to get back at a mean boss
This is why you heed warnings...
A guy was blasting trash mumble rap for straight 5 days, so i did something worse. (VIDEO)
annoying high school kids don't get to go to a concert
My brother will pee on the toilet seat
Honks horn at me while I'm turning into my apartment building.
Military - deployed - don't screw my guys over - petty revenge
Deprive my boyfriend of his child, eh? We'll see...
Leave your shopping cart in the parking lot? I'll block your way while returning it.
toxic boss gets burned
Waste my time and use dishonest tactics? I'll waste your time right back!
An ex, a dance floor, and a fake ID
destroy my crushes therapy sketchbook and leak it on the internet? I hope you like getting jumped?...
Use handicapped parking illegally? Get mildly inconvenienced.
Want to be rude to me, I’ll just pay your grandson to follow your exact instructions.
Dad keyed someone's carHouse guests overstay welcome
You Harass A Teacher, Nearly Paralyze My Friend, Abuse My Classmates, AND Try To Strangle Me? Well Get Rejected By Your Crushes And Embarrassed In Front Of The Whole School!
Guy (and his dad) kept asking me out to lunch, so I made him pay...
Dog story, the ongoing petty revenge
Rich People Who Expect Other People to Acquiesce to Them
Close my locker? Get your electronics wet
Slap me in 2nd grade get away with it? No.
You want my parking space??
Dog Beach Dad
space engineers stupid asshole players...spend 140 hours building a massive lag factory to win a war?? ill show you
"Everyone is service dogs anymore."
Donator Doge's Revenge
At 6 years of age I took my mother's advice very literally.
A shit school
The pettiest thing ive ever done
What are some ways to sabotage my snoring pig roommate's sleep?
Craigslist email harvester
The Teenager and the McBitch
Remember, remember, the Dicks of Movember. Be careful when you make up reasons to fire the guy who controls your corporate social media.
Mamma Bear
Don’t teach, get ducked.
Sleddy revenge
I won't be bothered anymore
Sit in front of us an block our view? “Bullshit!”
I made a guy drive below the speed limit for miles after he drove like an A-hole towards another car. Here's one for you, rSlash!
"I thought you deserved better"
Throw me under the bus will you? Check stand 7 is open
The Stink Brush Story
My brother his alarm clock
Okay this will take a long time to pay back
This parking spot is a big deal.
Kick my Seat? Enjoy Missing the Movie.
Why my Super Bowl Sunday will be perfect
Silence is Golden
This revenge made the over priced cinema popcorn worth it
Camp Vengeance, with Good Karma
My Stupid Problem
No cookies for you.
Friend made fake eBay listing with my phone number and blew my phone up.
I spiked Coke with laxatives and peed in my roommate's shampoo.
Girlfriend cheated repeatedly, I had enough
Friend insults me and will never picks up a girl again
From a friend: Don't hire me? Enjoy your glitter! (kinda long)
Out snobbing a snob
Quick friend owns grouchy janitor, all week long.
No parking spot for you
Final Harry Potter midnight book release revenge!
I got a whole bag of down votes with your name on it!
Annoy me? Enjoy spending the day tied to a pole with rocks in your bag.
Didn't like those renters? Too bad your bestie is their neighbor now.
Rental bait and switch Revenge
Caught my partner cheating by swapping my number in his phone with the other woman
Enjoy your pizza you racist pig.
Walk into my lane multiple times when I am bowling and bump into me ?? Have fun walking in your beer shoe.
Stuff me around for days? Drive 15 minutes for nothing!
Roku, not you.
Can't use common courtesy on the slopes?
Sorry about the snail poop!
Being mean is a disadvantage.
What’s Petty? Like, Where’s the line?
You don't want to pay for security clearances? That's okay, I'll inflate my quotes and pretend I eat the cost
Mother knows best, yeah okay
When insults go wrong"Tailgate me during my morning commute? Enjoy your speeding ticket"
Win-Win for Me!
Bully me till I'm an outcast? Fine, I'm taking your reputation down with me
Unexpectedly participating in a girl's revenge
Penny problem
Let me go? Enjoy manually entering ALL the passwords
Pick a fight with me and a friend? Be prepared to get publicly called out. (tl;dr @ the bottom)
My neighbour burgled me so I put a pigs head on his van
I 'acted like an adult' and helped someone else get their revenge
Spammed a spam caller.
Don't mess with Auntie
Pizza with an additional topping of spit!
Don't leave my door unlocked unless you want pink eye.
Take our shitty gift box
Pick up after your dog
Don't cut me in line.
You want to ski in those? Then how about hiking mode?
My SO's petty revenge on his entitled aunt
I touch the sign. I just touch it
Say I suck balls, I’ll expose you
Brag about pranking me? That’ll cost you $400.
Best Tactical Backpack Reviews
If you won't let me sleep, I won't let you sleep in.
I made her cry and it felt good
When looking at something in a shop and someone tries to intimidate you out of the way, so they can look.
no beer past 2am
Talk shit about me and you lose your games
Ban-happy moderation? Fine, make no money from my activity on your "deals" site.
try not harassing the last person in the department maybe
Manipulative, childhood revenge and some of the best acting I've ever pulled off
Berate a speechless toddler? This lie's for you!
Steal chocolate milk, I'll steal your playtime.
Don’t embarrass me
Prof gives exam answers to those who show up
Moving violation
Attacking my friend on Facebook, calling her fat, but you have your church info all over your page? Let me just forward some screenshots to your pastor...
Apparently I'm just here to carry your stuff when you rudely command me to
Crosswalk? Crosswalk.
So my cousin got ripped off buying a TV.
You want more fries? Have more fries.
That's what you get, bitch.
Speed around me on the highway? Not this time.
Petty as can be
Get Ready to be Splashed
Oldie but goodie
Won't house train your dog?
Mom friend Vs Bully
My ex cheated and lied, so I had some fun
Want to be a dick? Good luck using that debit card on your way home..
Craigslist Scam
Charge me 15% more for food? I'll just ruin the whole planet.
Someone called me a nerd. Than me scrolling through /r/hacking payed off.
Cat hair happens, you're saving $60 on a near perfect condition Baby Gym.
They won’t social distance while voting. Happening right now.
Gave my 'bestfriend' what she deserves
my mom's attempt at killing the neighbors cat
Christmas in March
Childish fun
A**hole tailgating me but he was stupid
Constantly try to steal my clients? you picked the wrong guy....
Kids are assholes.
Act like a punk and I'll make you walk to the bus.
Bully me into leaving a game? Have a taste of your own medicine.
I intentionally let someone leave their phone behind (and possibly have it destroyed) because they were a dick.
My Campaign to Ruin a Shitty EmployerCould you taste it? I really hope you did.
Don't ever violate the sanctity of my bed.
Using my farmers market booth as a shortcut? You better be watching where your head is going.
Keep harrassing my friend on discord? I'll bring your server down
I found my bitchy neighbors nudes online
A guy I hired hit it off with a regular. The day after he quit she came in and asked me to give him her number. He never got it.
Petty Revenge turns Nuclear Thanks to Idiots
Doubt gender wage gap statistic from dol.gov and challenged me to prove that it is a real and called me wrong saying I'll never find it, then I blasted this stranger for being lazy
Petty Revenge Request: coworker assaulted me
Loud noises make for great revenge
Slob Roommate (and some truly petty revenge)
This is the most satisfying scene in movie history!
Want to make me fun of me? Enjoy your burning vagina.
My uncle's friend serves up some pettyrevenge for a great cause! (X-posted from /r/facebookwins)
Don't be rude when you approach my till.
Creep Sous Chef Have Fun in Mexico (Karma is a bitch, and I'm going to pimp that bitch out)
Boy, oh boy, do I love me some Pokemon and corndogs!
Now you can pay thousands, for what had cost you nothing...
Twice today in school.
Be rude to the English teacher her whole class will tell you off
Biological warfare!
Sandwitch revenge
Revenge on loud neighbors
Gettting revenge on a fake friend
Put cheese on me while I'm sleeping? Hope you enjoy your shower.
My aunt slapped big john studd’s son
This happened awhile ago, but just found this subreddit so thought I would share.
Hit-and-Run my car? Pay me and go to jail
sell tools to spam me? i'll spam you
Feel bad
Guy yells at bagging clerk and gets a surprise when he gets home
If you list my email address on your apartment application you're going to have a bad time.
Concerning scratchcards.
Move your car.
Park on my lawn? Now you have to park all the way down the street!
Where is YOUR pencil case?
"Sure, I'll do work while I'm off the clock," said no one, ever.
I got to reject my 1st love back 4 years later
Shutting down a racist gamer
EM steals our game and then we dyed her body blue and her hair green and stole a few bags of chips Go ahead, buddy, keep stealing packages - eventually you're not gonna like what you get
Revenge on boss
Forget to flush my toilet multiple times? Fine, I’ll make sure you remember
The Civics Teacher gives lazy student what she deserves
I made a friend a pizza for free at my restaurant...
Truck driver petty revenge on a road rager
The Netflix revenge
Sleddy revenge perspective #3
A Bad Sushi Place
Don't want to clean up after yourself, well it's no longer my problem
Revange on a jerk cashier
Petty Library Revenge
Lane Merger
Marching Band Red Neck kid get's a nice case of the fuck you's.
No for you!
Dad Level Trolling: Skill that can only come from being alive for decades.
Annoying ex, his sister + his ex girlfriend visit my blog, so I installed a little surprise for them.
Leave a long-term relationship because of minor differences? Lose your Domains!
Lie about me calling you a slut. I'll shame you in front of the whole class
Living well is the best revenge
No clean room to move me to? Really?!
Your burger was fine.
I only have one post, so any ideas are welcome
Call me worthless? Let's see how much your dignity's worth, eh?Trying to charge me a penny per gallon extra for my gas? I think not.
Very small but sweet revenge
Accuse me of theft? Ask me to spy on co-workers? Report other places to health dept? Then fire me and my friend? That's it!
Enjoy the PokeBalls
What ever happened to the dad who cut off....
Petty revenge of the Toys-R-Us stock room manager
I was so fed up with the restaurant industry that I made a Fiverr acct selling revenge Yelp reviews
Be careful of my drunk sister
Don't announce your engagement at someone else's wedding, or this might just happen to you...
Be mindful of your neighbors....they could be the ones watching your property while you're not around.
You’re horrible, no more money for you.
Feeling superior and being jerks? Let's see what are the results.
Posted pictures of a FB conversation I had a overall bigoted guy I knew in high school.
Annoy the passengers on our commuter bus? Enjoy my stinky foot.
Multi-billion dollar company receives my wrath
Don't mess with a tech who knows more than you
Not a necessity, so NO
Take our food away? Enjoy the extra thousand calories on that "diet" meal....
Looking to start an infinity loop of cold callers
She tried to seduce my boyfriend, so I tried to make her gain weight.
"friend" is petty so ill be petty
Downvoting everything
Phone wars
Boss really hates LGBT People, let me hide rainbows in all my graphic designs
Where's My Milkshake?
Call me names while I make you breakfast?
Update #3 Chicago Landlord Revenge
Be arrogant, have your named rubbed off.
You switch off my laptop? Have fun in detention! (repost from r/prorevenge)
Of course I can make you a key that works. Unless you are condescending and rude.Jackass
Mess up my hair cut? I'll have explosive diarrhea all over you.
Argue with me and get your food last!
My dad's very very petty revenge
Ill teach you to hang up on me
Eat my cheesecake? I’ll lock you in an outhouse.
Stupid chickadee
petty revenge on a 41 years old nonce who harassed my gf
Let me sleep or I'll play a game with you.
Turn down the music? Turn up the glitter!
This is what my hair would look like blonde!
'Expired ID is not valid ID' The tale of me fucking hating gas clerks
Lifeguards playing the long game.
Have fun washing spoons.
Rude people are even out in the sticks....
It took me 12 years... but I finally got my perfect petty revenge.
Can I have your email?
Want to change the rules to fit your schedule? Better hope no one notices
Try to stop me from sitting down on the bus? Lets make this as awkward as possible.
Trying to Escape this group project? Get called out.
The pink machine room
Making my douchebag coworker's life a tiny bit more difficult
Be rude to me ? Get half the day off work.
Banned? Ok I didn't want to be in your sub anyways
Lie to me and ruin my beautiful ring that you swore you could re-size? I'll be keeping my $90, thank you very much.
I repainted the inside of my pool clean after a complaint from a neighbour about my yard and pool. They were not happy.
Desolation of the Earrings
Entitled old people in queues are the worst.
Petty vigilante revenge against taxi driver
Steal my lunch? You're in for more than you expected.
American Airlines loses a Ticket Sale and a Customer
Uncle refuses to transfer a car title from my name to his
Cheat on me and it's going to cost you
As Petty as you can get.
Think you can get away with doing nothing on the group project? Thing again!
The Tables Took 6 Years to Turn
Shitty teacher in a shitty town.
The Milkcase Sagas
Ruin my vacation, then enjoy wet clothes and missing clothes (Part 1).
Interrupt my poo time and it's lights off!
Bad neighbors hear tapping
gas station story
FOMO
Don Johnson black teeth? You a red face
Coffee with a MAC shot
Don't Cheat Off The Kid You Bully
Kid brother messed up my book collection while I was away, so I took all his hardcovers and switched the dust jackets.
If you talk on the phone in the bathroom, prepare for an earful.
Road Antics
Baseball with the big kids. They had to get me out
Big ask in assisting in my petty revenge
NSFW I'm not the only one who's done this...
Take to much Time in the Shower Good Luck Next time.
Don't help with the dishes? Now you have nothing!
She embarrassed me. Why'd she have to be so rude about it?
The time I found tweets my roommate made about me after she got the cops called on me
That felt nice
Deliciously Petty
Steal my seat in class? See what you get.
Tiny but perfect revenge
Fuck your group messages
Next door neighbour plays loud music at stupid o clock
I narc'd on my corner grocery for selling me Folgers in a local roaster's bag
Want to threaten suicide for Panda Express? Get what you deserve.
Have fun waiting. After nearly dying twice in a day I have better things to do!
Another parking one. 8 years in the making. Petty AF.
Petty circus music
Fax spammer revenge
The Look
F*** you, in Black and White
dude broke my best friends heart
I got my little bro out of a group of bullies
Use all of my toothpaste? Enjoy the sweet smell of vengeance.
Bike wheel to the balls
My pharmacy has been mishandling my mother's chemotherapy pills for 4 months.
Touchy Time
girl used to bully me when i was 12, i created a dating profile for her when i was 13 and had people add her sc and instagram from it
Mess with my grade, I'll mess with your pay
Being an asshole? Enjoy touching my snot.
Quieted my noisy neighbor's yelling with the help of a few friends
Babysitter neglects my son, I make her life a living hell.
My Petty Revenge on a Playboy Musician
Gas points for the win!
Steal my Land?Well prepare yourself for that land to be destroyed.
I need ideas for payback
Revenge on mom that leaves other people’s doors open but wants me to close hers
Please, have a seat!
Shift lead has a bit of an ego so I deflated it slightly
Got my family's bike stolen, stole it Back!
Patience is a virtue?
Have fun connecting all the things
Wipe up shit with my nice towels will you?
Verizon increased the price on my unlimited data plan so I made sure to get my money's worth this month.
My mom was obsessed over my schoolwork
Now we are even, douchebag manager.
Did you really told a disabled person to park somewhere else?
Oh, I'll just put this there then.
Ignore Me Because My Job Suddenly Isn't Worth Enough? Enjoy My Aquatic Justice.
Tell me I can't take a break? Hope you enjoy your doctored coffee!
Fellow employee yells at me for driving too fast while going 7mph in the parking lot, only to blow by me 2 days later going 30? Prepare for a rude awakening to your daily hour and a half nap in your car.
Cold Revenge
Left manager high and dry on a busy Sunday
Want to blind me? Fine I will blind you back.
Annoying Co-Worker Revenge
Getting one over on the lazy landlord who abused us for years
Some serious petty spaghetti at a bubble tea shop in Vietnam
Oh I'm sorry, was my cart in the way?
Co-Worker gets a taste of her own medicine.
Silly cashier
If someone is a unnecessary douche on a thread, I'll go into their comments and posts and downvote everything I can find.
Don’t recognize the people who works the most and pay the prize
My ex will come home to an empty apartment
ticking stink bomb of revenge
You should have been 'ice' to me.
Underwear theif
Queue jumper
Yell at me when it's not my fault? Have fun losing everything in your phone
A Depressed Teenagers Sad Tale Of Hate, Guilt, Loneliness that Turned Out To Be A Revenge On His Haters!
Student(s) vs professor
The Ball Stalker
Husband's coworker
Ruin me, cheat on, you might just ruin your life
Stall Wars: The Random Menace
Old lady herrasing us in order to pay her for hookers
Divorce pending: all horses must go!
Friend annoys our English teacher after an all nighter
Enjoy your tip.
Good luck using your book now
F*** me over and I'll have your job.
Teacher almost runs me over? Enjoy a mild disturbance to your classes for 30 minutes!
My uncle is a bad-ass
Getting revenge on a dangerous driver
I had all day anyway.
Complain about school supplies.. Fine I'll hide your $300 gaming monitor.
I went on a bike ride with a stranger
No Parking Zone
Landlord tried to steal my safety deposit
I've ruined my neighbor's sex life.
DID A GIRL JUST BEAT ME!
Lottery lady gets shut down
Revenge on douche brother and his gf
NSFW: Are you really sure you want to know this?
The story of why my town doesn't have a popular chain pizza restaurant anymore.
Revenge from simply not letting work know class was cancelled.
This was worth getting a wrench thrown at me
Bullied for 3 years, Attacked one, broke into the other's youtube channel.
This sonuvabitch told me to write him a descriptive composition for English Class, I did so, and when he didn't like it, I tore the goddamn thing up.
Who's smiling now?
Oh? Bully me throughout elementary school? Well we’ll see what I can do.
Don't piss of your barista or your coffee won't work.
Cut off all contact rudely and still use my labs? Let's see how that works out for you
You want to slack off? Stop making me work as a receptionist. (x-post /r/maliciouscompliance)
Keep annoying me? Prepare for years of revenge
Me: 1 liars: 0
Killin' 'em with kindness
Enough is enough
Revenge on neighbours barking dog
The Shhhhhhhh Lady
The Desperate D&amp;D Virgin
Payback B*tches
Light off fireworks late as fuck every night this week? I guess you won't mind our loud noises then.Won't shut up when I have a headache? Enjoy the squeaks.
You fuck me over I fuck your best friend.
Refuse to move your car, eh?
I know you like your change!Horrible housemates
Revenge on a double parker
My brother ate my cake when I was 13
“Forget” to invite me to hang out with you? Good luck moving all of your 6 bags down to the lobby by yourself
Send dick pics on my time???!!!
Evil gf gets the tables turned
Variety is the spice of life.
Let me help you find a new spot for that.
Bitch thought she could get away with paying us less than agreed
Instant karma
Revenge of a very angry student
Fake friend beats me up over a trampoline ride so i ruin his birthday party.
YELLED AT FOR NOT BEING HANICAPED ENOUGH
Retail petty revenge
Your $30 Groceries just cost you $130
Let them eat cake!
Busy train revenge happening live!
Kids will be kids? Part II - I win.
Squeamish asshole gets a surprise in the mail.
Got an opinion? Enjoy your boycott
Wanna be an obnoxious jerk during class, eh?
Smirk, then shout "booyah - in your face" every time you have the chance or anyone else has the chance to move the robber to my tile in Catan?
Snapchat 25(m4f) I can send my bbc video to anyone you want.
Thought I'd give a more appropriate way to get revenge on a child.
Steal from me? You'll (I guess) regret it? Well you'll have to buy a new calculator anyway.
Fricked with the wrong ramen.
Having sex loudly? I'll fix your dinner.
Get every size 7? Okay.
Asshole takes a dump in the toilet and doesn't flush
Roommate left me on my own seriously ill, new friend totally got revenge for me.
Unveiling A Fake Anorexic Girl
I request revenge help from you creative minds. (X-post from r/askreddit
Girlfriends petty revenge
Wear your seat belt.
The 3 Seconds You Tried to Save Turned into a 15 Second Delay
Crazy neighbors petty revenge falls apart
I'm not a Dog
Guy cheats on his wife, I blow up his phone
Have a nice day
Almost run me over? Enjoy getting the finger and having a big dent in your expensive car
Leave 5 dogs alone in an apartment next door to bark all day.
The lengths you’ll go to for young love
You cheated on me and we broke up because of it. Now you want tech support?
Received a phishing email, fired back a tactical nuke.
Enjoy those bruises, mate
Bitchy
My mum has the pettiest revenge for any idiot in cars.
Ex boyfriend’s best mate was mean to me and my brother so I kinda ruined his life
pettyrevenge against my brotherpetty revenge against my brother
This is what you get for refusing me service.
You want a nugget? Too Bad!
Do Not Mess With Mama T-Rex... Ever... She Will Get Her Pound of Meat. 🍖
Gay friend gets revenge on asshole driver.
Magic player wanted a challenge, got one, and lost.
The tale of the van man and my petty plan
Surprise petty revenge on roommates that harassed me.
Facility representative calls me at my billing company for billing issue. I have to forward the call. She berates me.
Be rude to your supervisor? No victory for you!
Lower my grade for not doing what you didn't ask? Time for revenge!
Teeny petty revenge at a baseball game
Have fun looking for your shoes
Shitty coworker gets what's coming to her
Bully me and my cousin who has Asperger's? Have fun counting 2000 pennies
Park in front of our parking spot? Hope you like snow.
Honk at me for stopping at a stop sign? Enjoy the nice, slow drive.
Never mess with a mechanicYou're going to regret ever abusing me.
Eat my pizza, will you?
Being polite to an A-hole kid was a mistake... To him.
Don't say sorry for hitting my car, I don't tell you when you damage your gas tank.
Pilots no longer get coffee cause it's "unfair" to younger Cadets? Ok, we'll just steal the coffee maker
There is nothing quite as good as the opportunity for revenge dropping into your lap while your still drinking your morning coffee.
Charge me money to go to work? Fine.
To the individual who stalks my account and downvotes every single post I make.
Fizzled Petty Revenge on Mom's longwinded messages
Petty Parking Practices
Chair on Chair action
Never bring anything to the potluck? Let them eat cake.
Sexual harass me have fun getting suspended
To catch a cheater.
Complain that I'm going to text during a movie, I won't touch my phone once
Banned my hater off of reddit for dissing me and my music (not really petty, but it’s a revenge none the less)
they dont know it was me
Screwed Out of Being Screwed
Lady harrases us in order to pay her for service
Nice try passing me in line karen.
Eat my pizza...no more!
Revenge is a dish served beefy, beany, and cheesyAn elephant never forgets...
I see your laugh track and raise you the screams of women giving birth
The little fucker...
Boss messed with the wrong sick employee
2 birds with a literal assload of turds
Laugh at my pain? Forget getting a bag.
My petty revenge storyMother and Daughter don’t follow social distancing rules, ends up regretting it.
Petty Revenge Against an Ex on My Behalf
I ruined a woman's day over an expired coupon.
"Mom, Dad, Jillian clogged the toilet!"
Shitty housemates never clean the stove...until now
Don't be rude to the hostess
Brother kept bullying me so i gave him a panic attack
Turn the music down FFS
I Found My Psychopathic Flatmate on Tinder
Bring your eyeglasses with you and then immediately give them to me to hang on to for you? Hope you like dirty glasses.
Neighbor stole my gas, ended up with a broken mower....and car.
Can you read? Yeah, I now revoke that skill just to be a asshole.
Petty poking of a pedantic penny pinching problematic prick.
I asked for the big slice nicely
Run your business like a slumlord? Enjoy the water bill.
Don't run me over
Remind me you're older and I'll remind you right back
Don't mess with the media
Road rage Karen
Have a nice cup of tea!
Leave me in the wet spot? It's payback time.
The SLO-MO Revenge
Minecraft server no more.
My car got booted today.
My elderly auntie's dog poo revenge
Take my food? Now you have aids
A confusing day at the bakery
Be a douche enjoy the tow fees
someone from r/askreddit told me this story may belong here, from the looks of it he's probably right
Block the grocery aisle? Feel the wrath of my stinky ass!
I have very bad hand writing
Have fun with that.
The best software to grow on instagram
Don't bother to clean your house and then kick us out, and then ask us for money to get our stuff? Well, I guess this Alf DVD belongs to me.
new supreme judge
Want to lean back so far you're basically in my lap?? no thanks
My grandmother got a teacher fired for telling her students that they would never succeed
Not valid unless signed
I put my stepdad’s beard hair in my mother’s makeup
You like playing games?? I’ll sell your house.
You want things to be organized? Well, let me help!
Picking on a defenseless kid? I hope you enjoyed your lunch while it was going in.
Don't try to scam free shit out of me.
Logger Truck Vs. 18-Wheeler
Slimy manager tries to intimidate me when I hand in my notice, gets fired for nepotism and sexual harassment (a little long but very much worth it!)
You asked for an everything pizza.
Scathing review on my mothers book.
Enjoy all the spam boss.
Have fun cleaning up your shit.
Standing up for customer service with no risk.
crappy roommate
Speed demon gets taught a lesson on country road
Forced a reckless driver off the freeway.
The day I ate two cookies
Sorry for your 'handicap'
Gonna steal my money I’ll steal your boyfriend
Well then, I'll just post YOU on Youtube!
Unintentional Craigslist justice.
Here's a quarter, call someone who cares.
Help me get revenge?
Porridge-ishStay on the medics good side (gaming)
Yes, I have an office.
Count On Me
Steal our artifacts, we steal your business
Mess with my drawings, have fun failing a project
No coupon for you!
It was so satisfying
Petty Revenge Via Company Facebook Page
My. Effing. Oreos.
I can not breastfeed my child? Get a shitstorm.
Steal my lunch? Enjoy the next one
An airline seat story that just doesn't fit into r/choosingbeggars
Hey so I tricked a scammer into giving me THEIR sensitive bank info... what should I do now?
Litter? No hello to you!
Petty revenge at home
Revenge is a dish best served spicy.
She logged me out, she couldn't log in.
Got pissed at a Craigslist seller, ended up making them pay me instead!
Petty revenge on an 8 hour car ride
New subreddit, r/pettyparentalrevenge.
People who were ridiculously (and purposely) slow in line end up having to wait behind ME.
Get snarky with me? Enjoy your broken computer!
"'Ugly' people need to stay home instead of coming out in public." Okay, time to make you go home
Earlier today, my mom thought it was gonna be fun locking her cabinet because she’s mad at me so I jammed the lock, she had to break it open and now it’s mangled, broken, and won’t even shut completely.
Be a total bitch to me at work? Enjoy that parking ticket.
Do you guys think I'm the asshole for insulting someone's mother when they insulted my friend who has autism
Think I'm taking too long in drive thru? Wait till you have to go through again!
Take your litter back
What's that fowl smell?
A matter of inches
A little gravel revenge
Missionaries get more than just missionary
Petty Crimson Skies revenge
Recipe For Revenge
Don't Park on His Land
Cute baby animals video compilation Cutest moment of the animals- Soo c...
Mechanic at my job got everyone in trouble for not doing our job because he wasn't doing his job, therefore causing self inflicted petty revenge
Unfriending Revenge
My Granda Blows up a Caboose
My ex's junk mail has been coming to me. Time to return to sender!
Enjoy your tea, dad.
Taxi call center revenge revenge
Petty airplane revenge
My moms petty revenge.
Yet more private parking lot and towing!
How to tick off a Teacher, who wronged you
Steal my new exclusive 3DS XL? I'll return the favor by double.
Fine, no chicken nuggets.
Advice: petty revenge on security guard who shoved me
Property Manager Revenge
My sister put tooth paste in my oreo and revenge was sweet
I took care of this girl for 10 months
Do not mess with those who control the schedule
When bullying goes wrong
Oh, so you hate tattoos?
Spent an obnoxious amount of time getting the perfect set up for revenge, but did I go too far?
A little panic for some guy
A “friend” steals from me and talks shit? Game on...
Jerk owner? I'll use business cards without your name.
My apartment just gave me a notice to remove all "items that don't match their decor" (aka: some potted plants) from my balcony.
Little dick on discord gets what he fuckin deserves
I know it makes zero difference but...
I Framed my Childhood Bully and Never Got Caught
Sorry you missed that cop car, I guess.
Take my les I take yours.
Mess with my reputation. I mess with yours.
HELP
Dear Listener, Fuck You
After two years, revenge is cold and so very sweet
The case of the bathroom door
I'm petty as fuck. I don't care.
Play your music obnoxiously on the subway? K me too fam.
Jostled someone on the train
Make me jump through hoops for a refund...you will pay extra for it!
You suck, rude co-op girl
I got the sprite
I cleaned up for you, sister dear
Asshole needs to have his life ruined
School demands I remove my daith peircing or provide note, mum forced school to pay the small medical fee to get doctors note.
How do I get petty revenge on a coworker that talks about his dick without any warning?
You mess with my friend you mess with me
Customers are rude and waste my time, so I waste double theirs on their commission based job.
The longest petty revenge iv had so far.
F with a tech student, get F in the exam
Guess I'm not qualified to work with computers
My writing's too small? Well now you have to have it too large!
I used to own my own cleaning business
Car salesman gets his sale, but at what cost?
Don't fuck with me when I need to shit.
Don't mess with the people who provide the police with donuts
Cut in front of me when I’m golfing? Pay a 15$ fee.
Egged. Again
Bother wants my big present he got I got the rest
NO LUNCH FOR YOU TODAY ANNOYING NEIGHBOR!
Think I went too far
Say bad things about me to the Owner, and make me do your work?! ... I make your life HELL for 18 MONTHS!!!
Yell at me to speed up at 6 am? Watch as I slow time!
Bother me with your guitar? Enjoy the pushups!
Give me a dirty look? Hope you're good at counting.
Junk mail revenge
Squeeze in Asshole
I totally ruined your plan to replace me with your boyfriend as the busser.
Complain about the trash can you also use? Get your own toilet paper.
A Little Victory For Me Today!
Treat me like I'm brainless? Lose two car sales and watch me dangle our new keys as I walk by!
Cancel my appointment twice without calling, do you?
Laundry BattleDisgusting woman
Story about my dad.
I will eat all of your food because fuck you
Sent a glitter bomb to my ex.
Don't use a blinker? Get a talking to!
How i used a fan and a cat to get revenge on my boyfriend.
No English for you
The carnie at the state fair insults our group but can't count change
That Escalated Quickly. Oh well, time to make a phone call
Give me detention? Enjoy your detention
Guy who lives on our street continuously drives recklessly and cuts us off. We got him towed.
You seem to have misplaced your empty cart, Allow me to return it for you....
Website Redirected
Kid doesn't wait his turn on slide, get bloody nose
Should have stopped cheating on people
Enjoy your Candy Crush, dick!
Mmmm, smells like daisies.
I made racists in a pub shut up.
I trolled a thirsty guy on a social networking app looking for nudes by putting a bra on my knees, then revealed it in the end.
Slightly Damp Revenge
Don’t keep dinging my dang car.
Changed his tea
Bar patrons don't like the music we play on the jukebox.
23 years ago, I had a bully. That was the last bully I ever had.
Don't skip work to watch movies.
You don't pay rent, you don't get to use our address
My response to a parking ticket
Oh, you re gonna cut the line? Well, here's some chlamydia
Have a nice ride home! :)
Eat my treat? I kick your ass!
How I get revenge on my asshat of a brother.
That... was mine. Now I'll take whats yours.
I fart on the London underground when people don't wear masks.
A story from my brother...
Roommate constantly stealing food
Turning a situation upside-down
Don't bite the hand.
Teacher baked a pie in front of her class of young kids then kept it for herself. No problem, you won't be eating it either...
Going to leave profane, nasty voicemails? You will reveal your true colors to everyone.
Kick the back of my seat like a child? Enjoy nose scum, you scum.
You want to cause a loud disturbance? It will cost you.
Want me to act dumb? Alright then
Scare me so bad I fall down and bruise my tailbone? Prepare to feel my wrath.Vengeful Waiter
"Coming Out" Post-Surgery
Call me a misogynist? Good luck uploading your syllabus without me
Free drinks
Petty revenge on the entitled girl in my class
Scheming a sleepover behind my back? See what I have to say about it.
You want it? For Free? ‘Sure’
Revenged Government Pig &amp; Neighbours In One!
Every single day this guy takes up 2 to 4 of the closest parking spots. He's not elderly, disabled or a big wig, just a douchebag. So today I exacted my revenge
Chased a child, screaming, through a park for harassing me
Do. Not. Mess. With. My. Cats.
Sidewalk parker gets called out by old man on crutches
My fart makes a grown man projectile vommit all over his friends
Sorry, but nature calls
It's Walt-Mart, but come on...
The change game
Revenge on a dog breeder
Park like an idiot? Have fun getting into your car
Stop parking here!
Was very petty about Disney plus to my sister
Roommate’s boyfriend inconvenienced me, so I inconvenienced him right back
My mom's revenge on my dad
So you collect coke rewards codes?
Criticize our restaurant and home? Don't get invited over.
Petty revenge retraction/update.
The worst neighbors leave with us.
Immigrant first world problem
Eating Lunch in the Car
A little note,
Who wins: spoiled girl seeking for attention or prima donna?
Cheat on my friend, I'll cheat on you
The sandwich revenge
How my patience paid off in taking revenge in my ex-girlfriend.
Cheat in my class? I'll get you, my pretty.
Hell hath no fury like a student without a parking spot
What is the best way to intimidate somebody?
Got canned from crappy job X-mas eve
Not my petty revenge story but my teacher's on me
The Shoulder Is NOT A Passing Lane
Classmate revenge
Revenge on the Gym Farter
Arrogant college hot-shot treats woman cruelly, then gets strung along and played by same woman in a long game a few years later ;)
Collapse my tent? Prepare to be trapped in yours for hours.
Taking precious time
Guys next to me kept talking during Star Wars. They left money on the seat and I DIDN'T give it back! The coke and packet of smarties I bought with that $3.10 tasted like sweet Ambrosia!
Couple wanted an empty middle seat in the plane, it didn't work out so well
Seriously - she could stand to lose a few...
Asshole gets legs swept out from underneath him
Hey revengers there's a subreddit for traffic stories /r/talesfromtraffic
Chewing Tobacco
My father doesn't leave the bread open/unwrapped anymore.
Why doors should be locked...
Sent a bag of gummy dicks to a McDonalds, addressed to the GM
Poor communication etiquette? I'll waste your gas.
Teacher changes test
Make me clean my room will you?
Elbow me in the face while I sleep? Enjoy waking up with the sun
Talk shit, eat shit
Don't talk through the most exciting part of the National Championship
My cousin used my car to get White Castle for everyone but me
Object to me breastfeeding my baby? I will FEED you...
You can't stand me with a white girlfriend? Fuck your Punjabi Bullshit
Truck tailgates me, I add a couple minutes onto his morning drive to work.
I Really Need to Fuck With This Guy in the Worst WayYou make me pay? I make you look like an idiot!
Park in a disabled space, time for shitty service.
Going to act like a child? Ok I will too.
any good revenge services for annoying neigbours?
Be an unreasonable c***? Fear for your son's life.
The time I stuffed a nerd into a locker
How my little cousin made her brother eat grass for months
Be difficult, pay full price.
Guy gets revenge using Grindr on homophobic bully
"Two in one year? What's wrong with you?"
Need help getting back at a douche. Ideas?
Fear me!
The *Real* Orange Justice
Turn it down!
█▓▒50 ฿itcoin + Free extra 2 ฿itcoin=$1799 (www.bitswing.com) no phone call for verify,no personal information need 2 ฿itcoin=$169.99 5 ฿itcoin=$359.99 20 ฿itcoin=$999.99 www.bitswing.com 30 ฿itcoin=$1299.99
Revenge gone too far?
Hope you enjoy your alarm!
I used to poke holes in people’s meat at the butchers I worked at when I was young
Tailgate me in heavy fog. Go ahead.
Don't fight me for the last seat
Google review
Beat me for two months straight, have fun in severe pain.
I wonder how much they'll jack it up if she doesn't pay on time...
I waited five years to get back at you
Ex didn't let me face time with the kids, now she can struggle to figure out how.
My Lock is Removed? Say goodbye to your door
Want to complain about me in a different language I understand? Fine
I get singled out for saying the word "bomb!" enjoy my parents!!I’m not sure if this is petty revenge?
I'm a state house tour guide.
Steal my food? Enjoy your cold!
No Baked Goods For You!
Crispy Duck Comeuppance
Got busted being petty to my husband, by my husband.
Nobody. Messes. With. My. Coke.
Two can play at a game
don't want to clean stuff for the next shift? okay, i don't either. (or, baker wars chapter 1)
My mother won't be fooled
Gonna rev your engine at 1am? Well I’ll take your parking spot.
Throw my unis fresh from the dryer to the table to get wrinkled? Prepare for mild inconveniencing.
A little petty revenge - kid style!
I'm a dishwasher and my coworker is a lazy idiot.
Wherein butts
He took my spot
So this happened on my way home from work...
My friend pissed me off, bye bye phone.
The Bully That got what was coming
Savage Guestbook Comments on Obituaries...Good Revenge?
Teacher tried to fail me for participating in class.
Accuse me of bullying you? You'll lose your crush for being an homophobic ass.
See you next Tuesday.
Park in my reserved space after I finish a 10 hour shift at work? That's a towing.
Sit at a light and make me wait 5 minutes? Listen to my loud dubstep for 5 minutes.
now you'll know what it's like
If I tell you I don’t send nudes, don’t send me yours
No data for you.
Bully me for 5 years, have fun getting suspendedMy coworker beat me up for my comments about her face
Neighbors are trippin
Lemon Juice Chug Revenge
You should of just picked up your socks when you were asked the first time...
Auto body shop treated me like crap. What can I do? Can you help?
Got sexually harassed. I texted his mother and told her everything.
test post
Absentmindedly bother me in class, I got just the thing.
They made me do extra homework.
You get me drunk I puke on your bed!
Highbeams.
Constantly annoy IT? Want a new phone? Sure!
Bamboozling scammers
Keep on parking next to me... I got something for you and your pals.
Gamestop: 1, Punk Kid: 0.
Waste Management Revenge
Don't you honk at me
Parking Meter Revenge
Machiavelli ‘ed the General Manager of the restaurant I work at.
Borrowed a parking space, ended with a trooper
Keep your kids in line
Cut in front of me in line? Enjoy backing out of your parking space.
Snot from 9 to 5
Well you're not getting your way today!
Turn the lights off when I poo will you?
I kinda once made my teacher cry...
Don’t expect service if you don’t tip.
Ya wanna play music? Allow me to join in!
Complain about a service you're not paying for? We'll give you a free month (oh wait)
Ice cream war
My father helped my mom buy her first car, the dealership tried to give her a lemon
so the 'consumer insurance association' wants to save me 300 on my car insurance. but i don't own a car.
More petty revenge on my neighbors... complete with picture!
Take my water bottle? Enjoy humiliation in front of 15+ people.
Don't wanna break down your boxes? I will use your dumpster.
Today I got revenge on the booger bandit.
Be polite if you're in a rush
Take up shared wall space? Good luck picking up your pictures every day.
Racists asks me out and gets shut down quick
You almost just ran me over.
“This bitch wants magazines? I’ll give her magazines”
Thanks for taking my parking space
Got back at my Ex by writing songs and he is furious
Trying to sleep, here!
Petty revenge on Walmart self-serve employees with attitudes
It was just a simple question.
Flashing your lights at me? See how you like 'em.
No free fries for you!
I got petty revenge handed to me, and got my clothes taken away
Test your loud bike in front of my house? I'll test my louder one in front of yours.
They really wanted to make me mad so I decided to make it easier for them.
Justice is Served - With a Side of Fries
How my uncle got banned from his son's school's carpool club
He called me stupid on facebook , i made him buy me lunch for over a year
People like me are dangerous?
Mess with the bus driver, you get the Transit Police.
Not fast enough for your good deed, huh?
Screwing with the debt collectors' heads
You're firing me? Guess I'll stop helping with your website.
Ignore us, and start driving off? We'll force you to pull over, and leave the doors open.
Psychologically torturing a middle schooler
Help me decide on a petty revenge against an IRS phone scammer!
Don't want to take my reports serious? Here's another for you.
You accuse of me of stealing after tutoring your son? have fun watching his grade's flunk!
Dog Poo Revenge
Threaten Grandmas cats? She’ll piss on your doormat
...Now whos the wanker?
Friend gets mad at me for not playing a game with him and makes me delete any account I have associated with his little did he know I was going to make his life a living hell
Two-way petty revenge - toxic roommate situation.
So you want to cheat on me?
ISO Petty Revenge Help
Belittle me as much as you want
I hope you enjoy using wet towels forever.
Coworker tries to make moves on my wife
the tale of chairs.
YOU SHOULD BE WASHING YOUR CLOTHES IN THE SINK
Asshole behind me wouldn't stop honking
Scoff at my efforts, will you? Rather walk, would you?
don't make fun of the dwarf
Use my bath supplies? Ok...
Wills bring out the best in us all
It's good for the libido.
Drive your own ass to the concert
Karmic petty revenge
Pull over now, sure
Mom complans as if she's better than me but i got the perfect reverse uno card
Make sure you really get it, Okay?
The sound of slamming cupboards has never been so satisfying
thats fine.. i'll report you to facebook
What non-violet thing would you do to a pedophile who can never be prosecuted &amp; now has a son the same age as the 6yr boys he repeatedly raped for years?
My Girlfriends Brothers Girlfriend
GG mom gets revenge on my behalf
I would like to get even.
Payback after 2 years
LPT Pettyrevenge: when tailgated, use you wiper fluid spray thing, and watch happily how you forced tailgater to clean his window from the your car spit. Repeat until distance.
To my bitchy co-worker who attempted to gaslight me and sabotage my work performance: You tried. :)
Bringing my lunch during Chinese Plague times results in Habaneo Chile Burrito
Neighbors tried to claim my brother's scooter. Then they get played by themselves
Fuck you I'm taking calculus
Too Little Too Late
Hire me, then fire me because I was literally 1 minute late?
Don't eat my fucking Fun Dip stix!!!!!
Being petty with a taxi driver
Threaten me on a dating app? Watch while your life crumbles around you.
Honk at me in my own driveway? Enjoy being blocked in!
DONT TOUCH MY CAKE
Lazy Waitress
Berate me in class and then call me a liar?
Sour my drink, sour your day.
A hungry man is a petty man
Sorry, I can’t sell you that without your ID. I don’t care if your face is wrinkly.
Don't like working with me? Enjoy having someone you like even less working all my shifts.
My Revenge Letter to the Girl who Ruined my Life.
Small and petty
Toilet toothbrush
So, how does the bottom of the bus look from your vantage point?
Try to spoil end game? Good luck watching it at all. No spoilers.
Let me mildly inconvenience you
Lights on, bitch.
That’ll be $20, please
This photo pit ain't big enough for the both of us
Walk too slowly and you'll miss the elevator.
Put gay porn on my SILs Netflix acct.
Nosey neighbor lands himself in shit
Back it on up
Sure I'll replace my blinds...
Talk Shit about Me? Have Fun Getting Dressed after PE.
That fat bitch.
Alarm system worked too well.
Let your child scream all bus journey long? Fine I guess you won't be needing that giftcard.
Impatient FedEx driver
Neighbor blasts their music, I blast my videogame.
My boyfriend has a very large band t-shirt collection
The best revenge on the worst landlord
He tried getting me in trouble, but ended up being in trouble himself
Insult my father? Right in front of me? Prepare yourself.
High-school Creep Gets His Panties In A Bundle
So.
Screw you, Frenchy !
Just put your cart away...
But I left you 2 pennies
Cheat on me, will you? Enjoy my revenge, and karma biting you on the ass, bitch.
Tumblr users are profiting from this subreddit
Use my Spotify for months under my nose? Hope you like my dj'ing at 3am.
Bad customer service? Enjoy the ugliest coins as your payment.
Boyfriend wants to act like we're five instead of grown-ups
The cat that had it coming.....
Respect the graveyard shift at a hotel.
I had to bag my own to go meal, I just stole 50 cents from you, eat it
Who doesn't love a revenge on a bully story?
Break into my house while I'm out of town... you will pay
Park your car where it’s not allowed? I’ll waste 15 of your lunch hour.
Copy everything I​ do to win a breakup? Try copying photoshop!
Shoulda just walked away
Absolutely Bonkers: Hot Sauce Loving Mad Lad Gets Torn to Shreds at His Own Game (xpost from madlads)
Hypothetically speaking, is this petty revenge if ...
Petty Office Prank
Bratty kid makes fun of me. So this is my revenge
A terrible revenge plan somehow works out far better than it should
I'm a Petty Little Music Snob
Threats from India
Forced coke fiend to apologise in front of her friends for being a cunt at a party.
Disrespect me by being a sleazebag on social media? I'll steal your username that you also use for every other site and gaming platform
Krispy Kreme karma.
Please don’t rush in front of everyone already in line to get on the train.
Bully gets what’s coming
All is well that ends well, I guess
A nice cup of coffee to start your day.
Bus jerks (Sorry for formatting, am on mobile) (TL:DR at bottom)
My friend embarrassed me. So I left him em-BARE-assed
Complain and you shall receive.
Don't pre-bus correctly? Enjoy reaching over the table.
Stop Talking On Speakerphone In a Public Restroom, Karen
I made a fake account on Tinder to ghost the guy I had been seeing for 4 months after he ghosted me unexpectedly.
Call me ugly? I'll call the police.
Enjoy the Bog of Eternal Stench
Supervisor fires me for some bs, I insulted him, store manager finds out and fires him.
Challenge me to a 1 on 1? Okay, I'll just destroy you.
Loud neighbours having sex.
Screaming at my roommate = the barney treatment (Operation: I love you)
Democrat email subscription list for racist grandpa
Eat disgusting? Fine
Disturb my sleep? Enjoy your early morning wake up call.
Is This Your Shopping Cart?
my dad gets revenge on a youth pastor
Try to intimidate me into taking off your late fees? Have a nice day.
It's Okay, I Never Believed Your Marriage Would Last :)
Can't take 'no' as an answer? Ruin your ugly jacket...maybe.
A challenge for /r/pettyrevenge. I have a scenario, what's the best possible revenge for this.
You said you would be home.
All good things to those who wait.
Treat a Girl Like That Once Shame on Me For Staying... Treat a Girl Like That Twice...
Make me write random-ass completely useless tests? Have fun bombarding your inbox with my results and "offers".
Slack off all the time? Here's some petty revenge!
Harrass autistic people, enjoy your bathroom swimming pool!!
I embarrassed my classmate during a presentation wich resulted in him being suspended from our school.
Dear dog, you jumped up and stole my taco while I was refilling your water bowl...
Mexican Karen has to pay full price for meat.
Please text this number!!!!
Roommate kept me up late
Keep stealing and hiding our belongings? Have fun feeling guilty!
Never steal the quiet girl's wallet
I punched my bully for ruining my drawing
5 Most Satisfying Tales of Revenge (cracked article)
I don't have your phone
They didn't let my best friend enter America
Rub some dirt on it.
bully me and, ill make sure you get expelled
I Bet I'm on the Tip of Your Tongue!
OP delivers a petty slice of revenge
my commanding colleague
Jerk at University Tries to Park His Car Illegally
"Your submission has been removed: See Rule 3"
Be a dick, no i don't think so
DEGENERATE LONG TERM BF FUCKS MY FRIEND
I fucked my ex out of a military career
Dude was telling lies about my boyfriend so I made him lose his house
Keep swiping my drinks and you may end up drinking something else
This 6 year old boy tried to undress me (11f) to tell my gender
be a sh... get sh...
Want to watch Endgame in my class? Spoilers are inevitable.
Wrong number revenge
Step Dad can be a little mean to be sometimes.
Give us anoying assignment? fine, I'll make mine anoying to grade.
Nah, I'm good.
Office food thief eats the WRONG food
Demanding Social Worker bites herself in the ass.
Scam me out of $3? I'll delay your college graduation by an entire semester.
Overconfident guy at ice rink gets poetic justice
MRW I first post to this sub and people dont call me an asshole.
Don't fuck with my doorbell.
$1.00 Amusement Park Water Jet Revenge
First time standing or for myself paid off.
Captain Crazy Pants Saga, Part 1
Mark my work bad? I'll waste your time.
Entitled Older Man bullies College-Age Kid, and Somebody Else is having NONE OF THAT
Kid got me in trouble so I ratted him out
Dont let this get big... Someone owed me 50$ so I turned their Subaru into a "Shitbaru"
71077345
Grocery Cashier Petty Revenge .
Stealing will give you herpes
Ignore my reasoning? Hope you like your end-of-year gift!
Wanna talk trash? I will go R. Kelly on you!
A dude in a truck ran me off the road (I'm on a bicycle). I found him at the beer vendor.
Nasty children get healthy Halloween.
Mean teacher got what he deserved! Pittsburg Penguins style!
My account got hacked so I took revenge the only way I know how
My neighbour and her annoying habit...
Take my spot? Have a guilt trip.
My explanations are worthless huh, okay then ..
Try to block my car? Nope
Man spreading revenge
You took my clothes out of the washer? Selective hearing? Selectively enjoy constantly being degraded.
Night shift...don't mess with us
Today I won a 35 cent battle.
You were like a sister to me.
Mess with my Lego's, lose all your xbox friends
Watch yourself
Lean on me for a better view? Get an elbow in the gut.
Not free shipping
Oh, am I interrupting your meal?
Threw my ex out of a bar.
They said it was for revenge.
Child’s father hacked cash app
You're lucky i didnt do more.
Grandma Gets revenge on my dad
Today's petty revenge was ruined by my girlfriend, but read my dastardly plan.
Extremely Petty Pizza Revenge
Smash
My worst customer working at a bar.
How do I get petty revenge on someone who lied about me and will try to lie about my evals (military btw)
Revenge on a bank account faudster
It's a bit chilly
Slam on your horn while I wait for pedestrians to cross the street. Enjoy waiting for me. MSPAINT included.
Taking my clothes out of my apartment building's dryer before my cycle was done and tossing them all wet and wadded up onto a table.
BMW driver upholds the stereotypeNo tip? Enjoy your cleaning fee
The Pencil Theif
More call centre jerks.
Oh, were you waiting for me to leave? That's not gonna happen now.
Paper boy revenge
Bully me ? Have a nice loooong talk with the principle just before the 5 day trip :)
Dealership Finance Manager Tries to Screw me, Gets Stuck with $1500 bill
Oh you want to come to the wedding? Too bad, I'll make you sweat bitch.
Redditor shares story about rent and revenge
Throw your garbage at me? You forgot you take my buses
I secretly sabotaged one of my childhood friends. Feels Petty. Feels... Good.
Vengeance comes with a broken side-view mirror.
On hey! Remember me?
Environmentally friendly revenge
Revenge against LPSteal my food? Enjoy your bathroom break.
Won’t pay your taxi fare ..... okay i’ll enjoy your bottle of vodka!
Park in such a way as I cannot get out and ignore the hammering on your door ?
Want to be bitchy to me when I've worked all night? To hell with your system.
Take your sweet as time walking in front of my car and then putting your baby in the car? Instant karma!
Hope you like the shitty part of the tomato!
Brat in a game of Sprout
Rude to me for being young? Enjoy parking it in Manhattan
Nasty comment about me? Sure let me get you kicked out of the group.
Coworker treats me like a subordinate? Enjoy explaining yourself to the board.
Barking dog annoyed by my infant.
Cheat me out of my time and don't obey school rules? I won't allow you to have class.
Woman Took More Than 5 Minutes to Order in Drive-Thru...
Boy helps to make my time in Highschool miserable, I help him to fail highschool.
Roommate Revenge Without Getting Caught
I got my sister back
Not the worst I could have done
Wake me up at 4 am? I'll wake you up at 8 am.
Shot my teacher with a toy gun
I'm a restaurant server in Boston and today I served a table of white supremacists from the rally. I only served them brown bread with their meals.
Co-worker trims his fingernails at work
need help with an inbox spam revenge!
Complain about my dog incessantly? Enjoy getting new shoes
Lame Revenge, But Satisfying.
Enjoy your nice shiny new car, Mr. Asshole Landlord.
Don't honk at me.
When someone takes more parking space than needed
http://icc4israel.wesign.it/fr
Minecraft Thief Fails to Rob a Realm (Minecraft)
Scamming a scammer
Litterbug revenge
Don't Steal My Lunch: The Grade School Edition
Kill'em with Kindness
Accidental petty revenge but felt kinda good.
Most kids in my second grade including my good friend called me a (certain name that made no sense) so I took his pencil
See me jogging for the elevator and pressed the close button? Fine, I'll make you wait a bit more.
I wasn't allowed to sit at the "cool table" in elementary school so I gave my seat to someone they hated even more than me
They Both Get Revenge. One Clear Winner.
Steal my book, I'll return the favour
Be rude and disrespectful to someone on their question on Yahoo Answers then you should be taught a lesson
Continue to be a bigot? Get your own movement dedicated to you!
Good Morning! .... or not
I ruined a mans life with minor incovieneces after he stole my stuff
Dump me per messenger and I'll guilt you
TableShareVIP.com &gt;&gt; VIP Nightlife Socials &lt;&lt; (Washington, DC)
Revenge is a dish best served cold!
A perfect song to listen to while planning your revenge...
Parking company goes after my Mum: I cancel their mail.
Cheating teammate killed by friendly fire
Got my teacher fired for making me attend PE
Be rude to me and my staff? Enjoy paying high interest rates!
Extremely Petty, Over the top Camping Revenge
Want to YEET past me over a double yellow line? Enjoy your ticket!
My Friends Are Crazy
You are not passing me again just so you can slowdown again
Make fun of me for being nice? Eat dog food like the B you are.
Out-passived a passive aggressive suite mate
Throwing wet paper towels at someone as a joke when the unexpected happened...
How I deal with my road rage:
Giving a doctor a taste of his own medicine
I got banned from a discord server, and my friend took my revenge.
Steal my seat on the plane and refuse to give it back?
I no longer have to drive my brother around
If you're behind me on a flight, consider yourself lucky and take what you get
Have fun living in a filthy house for a month.
If you're gonna be a huge D-Bag then look forward to getting hundreds of creepy texts and calls soliciting sex.
I control the Wifi now
Try to scam me? I'll scam away an hour of your life.
Some petty revenge dished out by a friend of mine
I made a work colleage throw her own radio against a wall.
Take my things and neglect my dogs? Ill just hide your truck.
A special invite for my roommates
I'll fly my flag when I want to, Homeowners Association!
Neighbors call the cops on themselves
Creepy Pedophile Sexual Harasser
Neighbor didn’t like how I did my own lawn...
Cheat on me ok...now your homeless and have to double child support
Don't want to pay your fair share? Have fun cleaning up.
/u/Cikedo's revenge when he couldn't get a "waived fee" waved
The stupid car revenge
HOA short story
How to get spirits into a sporting event
Getting back
So here’s a small victory I just had over my mother.
Letting my dog poop in my sister's room.
Audit me will you?
Pettying ammonia against arsenic.
Can't do a simple task that's part of your job? Spend the next 15 minutes wishing you did.
My petty Revenge was getting taller
Stealing Sister
Controlling boyfriend gets a suitable present.
wanna get me banned I play Uno reverse card
She bumped her shopping cart into mine at the store
10th grade ski trip, wall of text.
Gave my controling mum a taste of her own medicine
My very long drive home.
Abuse me and hit my truck? I’m locking you out of your car, old man..
Make an offensive comment? Ok, let's see if you can take what you give.
Lights-Out!
Wait, we can't even bring in our reusable grocery bags?
Be a dick and you get exactly what you asked for.
Kid acts like a little shit, gets treated like one - fart on his head.
Have you heard the one about the lawyer?
Beat me up. Ok hope you won’t miss your friends.
Revenge on the mean and entitled lady who thought that a 20 year old stock boy at Safeway was personality responsible for the global fruit supply and distribution network,
Petty revenge on a UK Police officer
Seriously, don't honk, You don't know what insane guy you're getting.
Accidental comeuppance...
copy shop conundrum. "Next, please."
How do i get revenge on almost cheating bf
Embarrassing my mean apartment manager.
The sharper revenge
Smartass
If you can't skip classes to go watch a movie, you can't expect to be invited when classes get cancelled.
http://www.femininecollective.com/the-fencing-war/
Best friend pissed off a commission hungry asshole at Sears.
Turn the heat ridiculously high? Prepare to freeze.
I'm not your maid!
Enjoy your sneeze if you can.
Sexually assault my Friend? Enjoy a Criminal record and being hated from your family
Customer hoped to get free food from the supermarket. Not on my watch.
Bullshit me? Have to go to the doctor, you say? Have fun missing prom.
Don't like tipping? Come chase your dog.
The time I publicly embarrassed my bully infront of everyone in my school year and their parents.
No World Cup for me? No DayZ for you!
Jesus Christ... do I really have to put "don't participate in flame wars" in the official rules?
Don't change your old phone number...then you will suffer at my discretion.
Not sure if I was Petty or an Asshole, Maybe Both
I hope you like the smell walking out of the store.
Ninja gets ninja'd
Arrogant inspectors are the worst
Don't poke the sleeping bear.
Did I manifest my ex’s death? Tw: death/drugs
Good morning!
If I have to pick it up, I get to decide where it goes
Smarties for headaches
Golfcart parked in the motorcycle spots
U+200C
Smeared with revenge
Racist Spectator Gets Shut Down
Things that go bump in the night
Having a hissyfit over a charity, you get reported to Facebook
Shitty doormat
Hold my check for ransom? Have fun spending your own money on something that used to be free.
Terrible customer service? Pah.
I'm probably a terrible mother.
Try and steal my fiance? I will make you lose business.
Worksite shenanigans
Ways to fuck with my asshole neighbor?
Lose my shit I lose your shit
Revenge is a dish best served buttery
Got asshats address what should i do?
Woman pays in change only to give to charity
Revenge on candy stealing client
I NEED HELP WITH MY PETTY REVENGE
Interspecies petty revenge
Double Revenge
The time that I went Gregor Clegane on my little brother and almost burn his face
Last day at Regal (sorry about it being a bit long)
Enjoy your flat lunch, ballface
Tiny Vengeance
Parking lot pettiness
I suspect my housemate of having eaten my guacamole.
College buddy constantly abused my concentrated breath freshener - until I broke him of the habit.
Guy chews me out, then has to issue an apology (kinda long)
You want to throw a fit over some pennies? They're mine now.
Notify me last minute that you need an order out today, and accuse me of being lazy when I say it's not possible?
I broke a bully’s pen
Don't mess with my food.
Strand me in a lease and steal my security deposit? After a year of trying to contact you I'll post a public shoutout on your Facebook page on your wedding day.
Crazy Karen and crazy coincidence
I've got your baguette right here.
Getting revenge against a high school bully by using my unpopularity
I like walking on the side walk, don't take my sidewalk away
The wonderful power of forwarding emails
I deleted my moms biggest achievement
Leave me for another girl? Enjoy not playing with her
I used my biggest pet peeves against someone
Frostie the Snowman
Don't Fuck With Me
Don’t shhhh me
Deli Dealing Revenge
Tell me to kill myself? i take your dog.
any help?
Just a short one
Always snitch on ME? Well let me snitch back on you.
Beedrill Showdown
Don't fuck over a guy that can do something about your pay
Join my quest to Adopt a Social Justice Warrior. Whenever my personal SJW posts an outrage about some company or person, I make it a personal quest to support their business. That's why I just subscribed to the New Yorker.
Retail pettiness
Ignore my hello, wait longer.
Scam me over a video game? I'll empty your whole paypal wallet..
No hope? Enjoy yourself.
If you annoy me, I'll take my sweet time to respond to your message and do what you want
Petty Revenge for Parking Badly
If my student loan company is getting 6.8% interest out of me, I'll be damned if I'm going to respond to their repeated requests to enroll in "paperless statements." The bastards can keep buying stamps.
So my friend stole stuff from my coop and...
Gonna be a hot time in the dorm room tonight!
KFC cashier revenge
My ex broke into my house, so...
Being rude and unhelpful? I'll email your manager...
Biological Warfare
The pettiest of revenges on an impatient driver
Tarnish my record? You'll never see a penny!
The Flat Tire
Fish food (first post)
Enough with your hat already! *flick*
Remember the definition of petty.
Waste our 2 weeks? We give you a snack ;D
Ignore me? I'll make you redundant.
So you want to park diagonally in straight lined bays?
Snow scare in Atlanta story
I knocked my best friend out during school and got away with it
Funniest Revenge(Maybe) Ever
Act entitled? Open your own fucking doors, hobbles.
Who said you could use my coffee creamer?
Colleague sends me home to take credit for my work
I owe you money? Don’t worry, I’ll pay you back every cent.
That's what you get for showing up 1 minute before we close
Seatmate offering bribe got a failing mark
The vengeance of the tubby
Karma is a cruel mistress
Petty revenge blows up in their face.
Attempt to sabotage my AP tests? Have fun applying to college!
Be an annoying bitch and I'll say nothing.
Rude to me? Enjoy my catalogues.
A Waitress gives me exact change... I give it back.
Misdeliver my package and waste my time? Allow me to reciprocate.
Swat the shop dog? Enjoy broken pottery!
No one wanted him there anyways.
Charitable Revenge
Don't share your food and expect me to do your dishes? Have a post holiday break treat!
Treat me like a servant? Make your own damn bed.
Butthole Driver and My Petty Revenge
And now they're divorced
Like leaving garbage around?
Didn't go after revenge but I got it anyway.
“Once she moves out of the way, grab them”
Wrong coffee
I destroyed my sister's make up brushes and pallettes
Pulled up on someone over $70
Customer Screwed Me Over Until Karma Surfed In...
So I am pretty petty
I'm sending my wife's ex-husband nudes
Gherkin the car that cut us up
Don't Annoy A Petty Person
“Yes, KIDS LIVE HERE and are LOUD!” Ok then....
Against my childhood bully
You honk as I'm driving? Enjoy waiting.
I am a little proud and a little ashamed
My housemate and her boyfriend sleep all day and play music all night and it's really fucking with my sleep
I did say to park and wait....
I know this is a place to talk about revenge. How about a place to get advice for revenge?
You can take your RC boats and shove them up your...
Oh, you're more qualified to inherit a very meaningful item? We'll see about that.
Take away my free time? I’ll take away your work AND free time
Toilet Seat Revenge.
Make a fake report on me , karma is a bitch
"Ignoring me? Fine. I'm happier now."
Don't respect quiet hours in the apartment and continue to trash talk other gamers loudly?
A friend of mine was really douchey when he asked me to buy him a 6 pack of cloudy cider so...
Christmas decoration bait and switch.
Figure it out yourself
Airport Bomb Threat
Flip shit on me over nothing? See ya.
Pronounce my name wrong, EVERYONE will pronounce yours wrong!
I have a coworker that doesn't like to help out
Guy starts a pig farm out of spite
Steal my packages? Hope you enjoy this one!
I push carts for a major retail chain and I'm so sick of assholes dumping their garbage in carts for us to deal with.
School President is a dick- We get revenge
Cost me my nooner? Say goodbye to your commission.
Bully gets karma
I need some advice
Brag about your phone? Okay
Had an asshole customer at work
Take me to court over $10? Here's 1000 pennies.
I'm going to buy my own house with blackjack and hookers.
My neighbour killed my dog and now wants my cat.
Think you could do my job better than me ? Well, alrighty then.
I reported a KKK member for littering.
Mac N Cheese
Petty revenge gone wrong
Like drinking my chocolate milk? Jokes on you, its poisoned...kind of
Racist Opinion Leaves You Cold (WARNING: Bad Language)
Talk about my friend behind her back? Get banned.
Won't be considerate of me? I'm not the only person who's shit out of luck
Abuse my best friend? Enjoy the failing grades and paying for the damages
The only person allowed to make a mess with my toothpast is me
Take the flags down
That cart is pretty hard to push, huh?
My mom's revenge on Mr. Devilman
Don't imagine your attempt at revenge will go unreported
The last time you'll spank me.PR idea request: Meathead at gym who never wipes down machines or re-racks weights.
Paperwork problems?
Comcast Revenge
Almost scared the pharmacist
Seeking ideas for gross or real wrong revenge on roommate
Road rage in a company vehicle? Smart.
I sed stop
Take That, Line Cutter!
The trashy neighbor...
Your homophobic verbal attacks will make the rest of high school sh*tty for you.
Lie About me? You'll be Short on your register
Moving out
Petty Revenge, and some Karma
Took my laundry out of the shared washing machine to find a towel (not mine) mixed in with my clothes.
Saying goodbye
Jump seats and be obnoxious and rude while I'm trying to enjoy my concert for my honeymoon? Enjoy me making your experience miserable!
I don't get my sleep? You won't get yours!
Make fun of my minor weight gain? You'll regret that.
Getting back at my manager
Ruin my relationship, say bye to yours then.
I got better test scores than my ex-best friend and she got pissed.
Ran into the School Bully at a bar and showed him who wasn't an ugly fat girl anymore...
Don't accuse my friends.
Office Theft - need your input.
Selling donuts really isn't fun
How an old lady tried to ruin our summer
Relative and co-workers get back at one cheapskate co-worker
Try opening the bathroom door while I'm in there? Okay then
Take my food? I'll take yours
Don't want to be patient? I'll bloody *make* you be patient.
How to terminate an account on discord for harrasment
How to Get Revenge On An Ostrich
A Little Telemarketer Revenge (now who doesn't love that?)
Aunt makes fun of me for walking funny, I laugh when she trips.
Your precious, precious chair. Your precious, precious, precious, precious chair.
You're not my mama
Key my car? Enjoy your foul smelling house!
Would you like cream with that comb over?
Stuck in a random group chat that refuses to remove me. Getting insulted and messages at all hours. Need help.
I stabbed my friend with a pencil
Park in front of my house will you
Chewing gum snitch
Fine, I'll turn right!
Eat my lunch snack? Hope you like laxative infused doughnuts!
You want my points? You get pineapple on your pizzas
Lie made for a longer wait
Went to fast for customer so I slowed down just for her! ;)
Wait until the last minute to make big decisions that effects my job? I can do that too.
A finely-crafted payback
She got me evicted and her cranberry juice got a little thicker. Not that she seemed to notice 🤔
Take my parking spot that i just dug out? Fine, I'll bury your car
College Degree Withheld Because of 48 Cents
Not expected revenge.
Petty Peanut Butter Revenge
Elbow me in the stomach? I’ll just break your ankle (by accident)
Mad at me because I didn't run the stop? Now wait.
Camera strap pettiness
You don't mess with the person who cooks.
Fuck sticks and stones. Words are my weapon of choice.
Bully from school
Refuse to clean your mess in our dorm? I'll move your things.
New boss makes things difficult for me, get him fired for being a creep!
Abusive bf revenge
Screamer get screamed
‘Best friend’ ignored me because I didn’t like a certain type of music
School closes cross country locker room.
Classroom Pettiness
I get some entitled highschool students worried about the flu
How's the salad dressing on your bagel?
Band teacher gets served her own medicine... and more
You keep touching my laptop when I'm taking notes, your chance of making the basketball team.
Are you threatening me?
Fuck you and your H2
Send me bitchy emails,lose your parking spot
Ok, I won't clear your driveway.
Check out this page, and that is all that needs to be said: http://www.ebay.com/itm/191592693142?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&amp;_trksid=p3984.m1558.l2649
Font Sizes
Bullying my 10 year old cousin online? Prepare to get told off and embarrassed in front of all your friends.
The Kitchen Paradox
Get a better room at the hotel during our conference? Spend the entire week in the windowless basement room.
Steal my girlfriend then have her "cheat" on you? How sad.
The War Of Who's got The Fattest Ass
We annoyed the people who cut in front of us in line.
Loans Consultant gets lesson on age profiling
Should I commit Herbicide!?
An asshole getting what he deserves by way of his own asshole
I asserted dominance at Taco Bell"I've got food for me and the kids."
Messed with my teenage brothers homework, really wish I could see his teachers face on Monday!
Turn off the lights on me again...
Workers have no rights because we're not unionized?....np I'll take care of that
Literal burn.
Suck Up Bandwith? Have a MAC block
Make fun of me and my job? Enjoy your school holiday trip with no money
Happy Vacationing!
A Thai Doctor and a white guy walk up to a fruit stand...
You want hot water? I'll give you hot water.
"Say Uncle"
If you cheat on me, then demand I keep doing your laundry, you're gonna have a bad time.
You steal my Uber account info? I'll send a literal box of shit to your house.
Turn off my SNES? I'll get your dad to kick your ass!
A woman threw a drink in my face
Get Online Revenge On Anyone
Another "Windows Tech Support" scam call.
You tell people my personal shit, prepare for revenge.
Behave like a baby? Get treated like a baby.
How's it taste, buddy?
My shitty roommate (warning: wall of text)
Fuck you, rival halls!
A kid told me I was too fat and too old to understand handball, so I stopped holding back.
Need help with ideas for annoying my little sister
Don't care about our plans? Neither do I.
Why you should never be rude to the person serving your drinks.
The swagfag douchbag at my school that keeps throwing trash in my truck box
Open up my friends stitches, i'll give you some of your own.
Dojo wanted to scam an extra $150 out of me? I’ll financially disappear then.
Flip me off for stopping at a stop sign, enjoy watching cross traffic get waved through!
Miss, excuse me, but you lost something.
My mom told my dad "no wonder you get bullied at work" just to make him feel bad.
That'll teach you
Fishing Heist
Beggars Can't greedy
Keep me up fighting? Good morning!
Cheating girlfriend brought the petty out of me
Fb review
Why Aren't you answering the phone?
Crazy Dog
The Saga of Mr. Terrible Neighbor Getting His Deserved Karma
Question my work ethic because I have no large expense reports? Here's $25,000 in expenses.
Grown educated adult acting like a crybaby? You lose all respect from me.
Moral of the story-patience
Is your arm tired yet?
I sent the porn he starred in to his parents, GF, and college mailing list.
Send porn to a stranger, after i say nothing sexual? Well, let me find your brother on facebook and make you have a talk with him on how to internet 101!
Someone defaced this site for petty revenge
Undermining classmate gets what he has coming to him
A Spice of Nice? Owner is an *ss, time for some explosive exits.
Petty revenge: God mode
Your dishonesty cost you your job.
Don't let me zipper merge? I hope you go blind
Car problems suck... Especially if you piss of someone creative.
Screw with a hotel employee? Enjoy unending wake-up calls.
I used to belong to a cult where a bunch of people did shit I don't want to get into. Anyway all these years later I'm at home unemployed and overweight and these people have jobs and most are married with children. Haha suckers
Sound Issues with my Roommate
Petty developer paid back
Don't bully me right before gym
My all-time favorite product review: "She took the house, the dog and the 401K, but I still control the thermostat"
I spoiled a rude womans crime novel
Hog the bathroom every morning? Let me make it more comfortable for you.
Just stand there, no need to acknowledge there's anyone else in the universe
Grocery stores are not banks
McStompersons woke up at 4:30 this morning...
Suite deals at my aunt’s hotel
Post office parking lot pettiness
What’s the most petty thing you’ve done in a relationship?
My roommate pissed me off
Laundry revenge went better than anticipated
Petty revenge of the nerds.
Tom's petty revenge.
Ex’s Best friend told all my secrets. revenge?
Be an entiltled brat? Get ready for the hospital!
Neighbor gets serious comeuppance a year later
Overcharged by a nail salon
Revenge of the Brass.
I waited 4 years to destroy his happiness because of what he did to my friend.
Forcefully correct my penmanship? Enjoy correcting my homework.
Try text next time
Drove too close for comfort so I drove slower
You're gonna steal my Do Not Disturb sign?
Drive like an Ass, Expect to be treated like one
Super Petty Honker
Break my crayon? I’ll do the same with yours.
Kick me out of the group project? I'll steal the only A.
Forking my ex's yard
Not so much a singular event as much as it is is being petty, but...
I finally got some well earned revenge against my parents.
Shared apartment laundry machines.
Teacher insulted me in front of whole class, I ruined his Clan.
Exacting revenge on a penny-pinching games store by giving away $450 worth of used games for free
A whiskey buff, eh?
Don't touch my sweets!
You can have that spot. Not for long, though.
Friend Triangle Breakup???
Petty cleaning
Entitled Asshole calls police OVER LAUNDRY
Yeah, I got a tip for you....
I was going to have a fake marriage with someone so he could get a green card but...
Don’t want to wait your turn? Now you wait ten minutes.
Do Not Annoy Nerds.
Brother is rude to me and mom, I annoy him
Co-worker got an office and I didn't
College tales.. don't mess with my bed, okay?
Ruler
Blame me for losing? I'll play extra by the books for you
Yell at me through the drive through? Hope you didn't want to wake up.
I roasted the head of the Music School in front of everybody
You called me a child, so I made you fall asleep at your desk
Sorry, you aren't getting back the things you worked hard for. Or your shirts.
How to piss someone off with coffee cups
Wiping the smug expression off a doctors face
Got a kid in trouble
My grandpa got revenge on a rude lady (not a Karen)
Lost my dream job a year after trying to get "one with nature"...a little too literally.
take my drawers away? i take them back and ask big boi to stand with me
My mother is the Queen of petty revenge.
UPDATE: Refrigerator war continued...
Get petty revenge on someone in your office by sending them 3 dick picks a day
Steal girlfriend's phone? Get house trashed.
Not quite sure where this belongs. Let's start here
Spaz vs. the Dunk Contest
Don't screw with your employees
Let my asshole supervisor get not one, but two parking tickets for being an asshole.
Douchebag customer gets put in place
Run your mouth and I'll run my typewriter!
Won't let me get my sports-bike fixed? Let's see how you get your car fixed.
Leave some space next time
Raise a scene in a theater, get the applause you deserve
Late night rickroll
Take credit for my content and refuse to pay me? Well, kiss your clients and job goodbye!
No more Dora for the little spawn of satan
My war on fake flash memory cards.
This's why you don't piss of the fork-lift driver
Please call me again
Sexism used as a last resort
Here's Pie in Your Eye
plz
Petty Recycling
Petty revenge on awful manager/work.
Roommate gets paranoid
Enjoy your dead battery
Bananas are too inconvenient. Hey could you get me soy milk?
Waste my time and I'll waste yours.Another revenge post on people who park over the line.
Don't park in my driveway
Get owned
After numerous explanations, my sister still turns on my xbox for DVD's and leaves it on all night. I got some well deserved petty revenge today/any advice on some more?
No, I insist. YOU throw this away.
Principal was being inconsiderate so she ended up regretting our entire conversation
Got fired. Had last, very petty laugh.
Ruined someone's day because he's a prick
Revenge on rapist apologist
Shower Shitter gets what's coming!
How i am planning my revenge on the family that disowned me
Roomate tries to accuse me for stealing his stuff......
Orange juice brought from home that others steal at work, my dads had enough
Karen. Good bye
Woops sorry, I "forgot".
Enjoy your socks!
Letter of praise backfires...
You wanna lie to me about pay? It's gonna cost you.
Too lazy to change the roll?
Won't get out of my even after I parked? Have fun waiting to leave
Be an a-hole? Try and fix "your" computer!!!
Apartment staff can't get their shit together
Steal my money? I'll take my accounts back.
Front doors and an annoyingly clueless roommate (minor revenge).
Top Shot? Not!
Copying off my test? Have fun with a 0 on your test.
Have fun with that minor inconvenience
Quite a 'shocking' tale, Pardon the pun
Overcharge me and you get to pick my money up.
Make me feel bad, get your flyers removed.
I hope my petty revenge is expensive!
Advice: Seeking revenge on pedophile.
Annoying friend doesn't get to enjoy smash
Upper class VS Lower Class
Mind if I uhhhh....steal your friends???
You want to get out of traffic that's already slow and honk at us for waiting? Well, we'll just make it worse.
Demanding, needy doctor "friend" abandoned me when I needed her. I found some N95 masks in my heath-care supplies. I'm going to mail them to NY instead of giving them to her.
Block my view with your giant phone? I'll trip you.
Write me an essay? Have fun squinting bitch.
Copy of me accuse me ,well good luck dealing with karma.
Oh, you're a horrible, gossipy manager? Don't mind if I sit here and slowly pop bubble wrap under my desk to infuriate you.
Draw Something
Wanna scam me out of an apartment? Hope your wife likes Arnold Schwarzenegger!
My coworker is a CUUUUNNTTTTT
True Friendship
Won't scoot down on the bleachers at the Giants Game? Fine, I'll have security take your drunk ass away.
My boss has been annoying me with his nitpicking...
Be a bitch when my best friends mom is dying will you???
The Secretary and the Jumper Cables
Sorry I hit your car
To the fucker who slit my wife's throat: i hope you like aids
Got back at a coworker in the most petty way possible
If you can't be here when I met you I don't need you.
If you aren't going to bother learning my name, I'm not going to learn yours.
Someone asked for nudes, I sent him very womanly boobs belonging to an old, fat man (pics included in post). He masturbated to them and finished.
Unreturned Favors? I Don't Think So.
Bank Petty Revenge
Not a story, but received this email this morning if anyone wants to have some fun with it:
...and I just left it there on the table.
Junior counselors talk smack in foreign language then later find out most counselors were bilingual.
Ex dumped me, she then got dumped
8 times Equal
Gonna wash your pissy attitude right out of your hair.
Diva drama deactivated
Angry Mama Bear and the Candy Lei
Revenge against school that suspended me for no fault of my own
Bitchy neighbour in need of revenge
Block the road? I will scare you!
Be unnecessarily rude? Enjoy soggy old fries
Breakroom Burrito Surprise!
Break up with my friend? Enjoy the public snub on social media!
You Have Lost Your Privilege To Eat Breakfast
Teacher gets his just desert
all because of a toy drone
Stolen elevator comes with a price
Short but sweet parking lot revenge
Don't reply for 5 months? Let's see how you like it.
Hairdresser
The manager hates me for calling her out, but she can't complain about me to the boss because I have dirt on her.
Neighbour has no foresight
Take my phone? Enjoying being woken up all night long
Be a bad teacher have fun haveing your pay decreased.
I hope you enjoyed the show
A girl asked me to help her out and she tried to take advantage so I took revenge.
I hope you don't like Game of Thrones...
Don't whine to me about your problems after being so rude.
Kid who traded me a shity pokemon card for a super rare card, gets YEARS of EX collecting stollen.
Have your Sweet Desserts
Don’t tell me to shut up unless you want me to shut up
Bully cyberbullies me, get caught and shits his pants.
Honk at me for getting over? Enjoy waiting an extra 2 minutes.
Profile and harass my family members? Have fun cleaning your store
Making my Mom look like a pervert to her Facebook friends
Hurt my dog? I'll ruin your Yeezys
roommate decided to be particularly bitchy today
Think you can be a shitty person to my friend? I will out-karaoke your ass.
use up my ink, i steal your pen
You decide to be mean at the check-out? Guess who's not enjoying their chocolate delight tonight.
If you're not going to wake up, enjoy interruption.
Forward. Your. Mail. When. You. Move.
Try tricking me into spending more money? I hope that you like the shipping costs.
Stop using my pens damnit!
Gimme Ideas for Revenge
Minecraft is serious business
I don't have time for your rudeness
No one likes me? Let me prove you dead wrong.
Douchebag waiter gets his comeuppance
My first petty revenge
I switched my broken doorknob for my brothers lock.
Should I pay the cover charge for my roommate's birthday party?
Work me to near death and cost me my vacation? I quit and I'm taking the nuggets.
Cheat on me and I’ll let you embarrass yourself.
Invade my space on the bus? Guess where my space was the past three hours.
I urinated on somebody's jacket
Have fun waiting for a ride.
My neighbor's fecal problems
Little Sister Takes My FNAF Friends, Will Have to Hunt Down 5 of Her Favorite Ones
Complain about waiting in line?
You want to stink up my space? Let's play hardball.
Messing with a guy's bike? Not a good idea.
Don't push people into water if YOU cant swim, moron.
Not going to move your bag so someone can sit down? Enjoy missing your stop
What grade did you get?
Bully me for 2 years? Say bye to your stuff.
Guy makes fun of me pays the price
Gave Her A Pizza My Mind
Bad talk me to my co-workers? You won't even know what hit you.
Brag about 35 subs, imma get more
Mom says Lifejackets on her kid Embarrass her. So, the Group she's with Embarrass her
Driving like a loony? Not round here!
How I got revenge on a bully's brother
How do I annoy a friend who borrowed money but now refuses to return it?
Loud neighbor decides to be quiet
Anyone want to toxic flood a Facebook group?
Casino Kevin so annoying I am not the only one who wants petty revenge.
Friend pushes me so I intentionally make us lose
hehshsv
Have a very petty Christmas
Teacher throws out random numbers and asks us to create an impossibly short essay...
Woman attempts to cut ahead of a traffic jam, gets put in her place
I dont get any sleep you dont get any sex
Funfetti
To the judgement of the gods.
I have never felt better when the beat drops
Revenge on Mr Snarky.
Fun cleaning the house
Fill the sink with dirty dishes? Not any more!
You love me, you love me not x10? How about I give you an answer while you sleep.
i found out about a service that anonymously texts people saying something along the lines of " someone you know tested positive for an std, you should get tested". I have used this service to send some texts to people that really pissed me off
Revenge on a bully and a fake friend
I found a loophole in my building supplies store's asinine return policy.
Don't litter in my parking lot
Tailed on the highway
No drunk munchies for me? No breakfast for you.
Try and use my wifi for free? We’ll see...
Six hours late? No hospitality for you!
Clean up your damn breadcrumbs or make some new insect friends
I finally saw an idiot on the freeway get sweet revenge.
Cut me off then stop your car dead because you're an entitled little prick? Enjoy sitting at that red light, friend. (NSFW - lang)
How you like them drippings?
Sweet Revenge Against My Old Sorority--The Penny Story.
Ah Sh*t! Let's go check it out!
Build a fence on our land? Try to make us pay? Annoy us with your noisy parties? Down goes your tree!
Requested WFH 6 weeks ago
i got my bullies to apologize by annoying them
Video Game Turds
Hello, I'm from Windows. Windows tele-scammer, meet airhorn.
COMIC SANS TO THE MOOOON🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I want to clarify something. (Mods don't remove).
Long Awaited Revenge
Customer calls me a "f*cking smartass" due to his own mistake, I get my revenge in the bathrooms.
Hairy sink
Bitchy server gets served. Quietly and pettily.
Be a dick to me in college. I blow up your future.
Be a douche, act like a self-righteous asshole and insult me? Get fucked.
While playing a fairly easy piano piece, I was called out to be "showing off," so I truly started flexing and they left.
Sister didn't want to get up for school, so I annoyed her into waking up
The constant clicking drove me insane
Which is the Ugly Friend?
You yell at me because of my dog, you get a walkway made of poop
Noisy neighbor at hotel gets early wake up call
Bus Drivers ignore stops, NOT ANY MORE!
Neighbors Fighting All Night &amp; Sleep All Day. I Wake Them Up At 8am EVERY MORNING!
Petty revenge on the train.
You're a jerk,but it all worked out.
Woman would not raise her seat. Planted knees in her seat, giving her a bumpy ride.
Kid makes a big deal about dropping out of my alma mater, so i bought his domain name and redirected it to the school.
Got something on your face...
Treat your guests kids as servants? Enjoy serving your guests bone curry!
Betcha you regret talking shit loudly, in the middle of work, about my entire department.
Subtle dig at homophobes
I love looking at my former teachers' salaries and knowing
Karma had my back
Ignore me when I try to tell you why you shouldn‘t pet my dog? Sure, go ahead
What Beautiful Fireworks
Tough loveFive years later, karma hits the upholsterer who stole our deposit!
Put your foot on my chair, well prepare for pain.
Like being a terrible landlord? Enjoy paying for repairs!
Lazy housemate has to move her ass.
He slept with my girlfriend.
Harrass me? I make you wipe my table
So your boyfriend who basically lives at our house doesn't need to contribute to the bills, huh?
Key Chain Revenge
Faked it...
sticky situation
My bumble date posted a painting we did together but claimed he did it shirtless at his cousins
Are you sure that’s the right movie?
Messy Roommate
No boarding through the back doors, bitch
attack of the killer pythons
Back in middle school a kid stole my headphones, so i broke into his locker and poured dog piss on everything.
Selling food and letting someone else sit in my seat so I can't eat.
Met a very disabled vet, Karen didn't like his volume, I made her pay.
Make me wait in line, then don't serve me? Fine.
I made someone offer me a ride after he’d done it to me dozens of times.
Ruined the paint on a bully's car at school
Tricked you!
What comes around is all around.
Endure the scraping, oh angry one.
Not this time!
Reminding him that his NAN IS DEAD
Shit on what I love? I'll plague you with it for the rest of our year.
Elevator EtiquetteCut me off? Your feet will pay!
I get teacher to give slacker project partner a bad grade
Bitchy sister
Lie to me about being married?? You'll pay.
Pettiness RhapsodyAvoid paying child support? Queue the legal system.
Steal my story journal feel my wrath
Fed my greedy friend a pebble
Gray Areas in Contracts
dumb blondes pay for all their drinks!
I'm finishing this fight
Karma and Comrades
I had a petty exchange with the IT guy and things got nasty then got better.
You were supposed to wait. Now wait.
Petty Chocolate Revenge
Took out the recycling while roommie was asleep
Getting revenge on my step-jackass.
Motorcyclists exact petty revenge on an SUV driver with shitty parking tendencies (x-post from /r/motorcycles)
Want to sleep in my bed? Try finding the ten pencils I've hidden in the sheets 😏 just kidding theirs only one!
Want to lie and ignore me? let's change that.
Cheating Wife
Someone took my clothes out of the dryer I paid for
Revenge for the car
Have fun with your other science experiment
Sorry for making you drive the speed limit.
Majorly screw my nails up? Have fun being pink and glittery all day. TLDR at bottom.
Won't let me be anal about my parking? Alright
First time being fired ever after 3 years of waiting tables experience because of a lazy coworker
Hop along....
Don't cut me off or I'll slow you down.
Give me a shitty shift? Enjoy shitty keys.
Mark my test wrong and refuse to correct it? Enjoy getting fired!
My Entitled Aunt Steals My Masks Throughout The Month, I Steal $150 Of Things She Hoarded
Don’t ruin my family and expect to not get called out on it
They charge more for a Porsche
Just shat on the floor
Your assholery shows on your front yard now and everyone can physically see how toxic you are in their community.
made my sister regret ever eating my food
(Meta) Why do so many posts follow the exact same "Do a thing? I'll do this" title?
Leaving a Mark
Revisiting the Gym Hog
What's your wifi password?
I did move.
Roommate keeps me up all night; enjoy 2000's internet speed!
Revenge is best served...delayed.
don't take my bands money!
Be a petty roommate, get a petty revenge.
Disowned by my best friend, left feeling like shit? Yea well enjoy finishing the last season of Prison Break... Oh wait.
Don't do any work? I'll make you do work
school bully stole victims money and tried to frame me he tolled my neighbor and he f**ked up
Never ending mice revenge
Don’t stand, don’t stand, don’t stand so close to me
I will merge
Enjoy your American Holidays!
Why being a road rage afflicted driver doesn't pay off.
Steal our cleaning wipes? Have some paper towels instead
Don't offer me tea? I'll grab your nuts.
Shiver down his spine
He tried to destroy my channel, so I destroyed his.
Neighbor kids making dogs bark
Minimum Salary? Maximum Paid Vacation
I can't stop them from messing with my mom's mental health but I can spam you with poor feedback.
Pretty petty yet an ounce of revenge is worth a pound of satisfaction.
"If it says its $25 its $25" story from my Uncle
Small petty revenge on a school jerk
That one time a cop knocked on my door, but I got my upstairs neighbor in trouble instead
kids steal from me I get my revenge
Steal my pizza? Eat disgusting dog water pizza!
The Nook Thief
Try to ruin my career? Hold my beer as I ruin both of your lives!
You Wanna Be A Bully? Fine, Lets See You Bully Now!
Last halloween I gave out 2 full size bars to every kid, today a neighborhood kid made a mean comment about my pants as I walked. This year, they'll get 1 'fun' size.
Be terrible? Demand gas pumped? Sure thing!
You moon me, my dog will take revenge.
Loyal client sticks up for business and tells abusive client off .
Exacting revenge on my dicknose freshman roommate (twice)
Dye, why don't you?
Always leaving your laundry in the machines...
Want to know your grade? Let me tell you over and over and over.Bitching about my land? Have fun with a CELL TOWER
Lady asked for extra ice, I gave her EXTRA ice
just, be patient
Customer Wouldn't Pay For Freelance Work, So I Held His YouTube Channel Hostage
What can I do about my asshole neighbors who won't share the curb?
Give me a bad review and I spam you afterwards.
Make me pay your storage unit fees *and* hold your car on my property? Have fun moving your car everyday.
Don't open the door for me? I'll open some doors for you.
Talk shit to my brother? Well fuck your game
The Saucy Bitch or: How I learned to stop worrying and love the beeps
I hope she learned her lesson!
Petty Revenge Against Mentally Abusive Cheating Ex Girlfriend
Revenge upon a fellow student
Bringing noisy neighbors to justice
Yell at me about not giving you enough butter for your popcorn? Enjoy getting your hands covered in melted butter.
Rainy Revenge
Bully me for years enjoy a broken nose
Would you like a wipe for that?
Dropping food on the floor? You're going to eat it anyway!
He won't stop listening to the Soviet national anthem.
I have an opportunity to take my cheating ex's job, but I'll have to pass up a (probably) better opportunity.
That'll shut em up!
Super-duper petty supermarket fun.
Don’t challenge me.
Enjoy paying max price for a full 24 hours of parking...
I guess you're too busy not being at work to bother mopping yourself.
Ongoing petty revenge on abusive ex.
Company Sponsored free concert
The Pizza Bandit
Keep taking my lunch even though I've told you to stop? Enjoy Sugar-Free Gummis
Karma is a bitch and smells like fish
You can't have your cake, have my cake, and eat it TOO
Pettiness on the Freeway
And she’s still searching 😂
Enjoy being stranded in a foreign country after you tried to used me
Don't bring glass to the beach
Want to get cocky on GTA V? Meet my friends.
I’ll teach you to call me fat
Scamming personal trainer gets served with court papers
Saving the world one bag at a time
French Gay marriage petty revenge
Revenge on annoying child in a movie
And you wonder why your controller broke.
Microsoft Scammers Computer Destroyed Encrypting His Files !
Cheat on me while I am grieving the death of a friend? It's water under the bridge.
Thirsty?
Cat gets revenge
Taking it Out on my POS Flatmate
Call or text 9724893133How to get back at bratty kids
I hate a litterbug...
got someone fired thru a google review
I'll get my commission one way or another!
Be mean to the person who makes your food and you'll get what you ask for.
Steal a beer? Go to hospital.
Swear and get angry about a different company? Sorry about that ma'am...
On a drive with my 2yo daughter.
Guy wants to drink for free, ends up being a very expensive night for him
Sicked the missionaries on an ex
Taking my gum? You’ll have to poo for that😤💩
trash = spank
Here, have some mice.
Read Receipts
Keep me up all night? You can stay outside.
How to screw over your boss completely (Or, "plz don't fuck with me")
My OCD SIL
Enjoy the walk!
Roommate doesn't think baking sheets need to be cleaned.
Thanks for the tea...
Train station attendant revenge
Marry someone who treats your daughter like crap? ... 20 years later, the joke is on you!
Must be abused or revenge just makes you seem like an asshole
Waste my time, I'll waste your money
So, my mom woke me up with a loud TV.
How bad can I be?
Foster carer hits me. I mess with the cooking.
Guy pushes me and tells me to leave but then... Karma.
It was a grey Wednesday morning...
Stuck-up Client tried to make stay 30 minutes after closing. TRIED!
The roommate doesnt even know about it
People who’ve gotten petty revenge by signing someone up for spam calls, how did you do it?
Sorry mam, but the ride is not designed for someone your size.
Tyrant of a little brother gets spoiled just as he wanted
There was nothing wrong with his car...
This is why I like thunderstorms now
My wooden box
Oh auntie
Cranky old a-hole and the fence he had to pay twice for.
The rules apply to everyone, not everyone but you.
Don't be an asshole to Fast Food workers
Midflight Petty Revenge
Taking my boyfriend, because you were mad. I ruined your love life and then made you sad.
Cleaning my room
It was 80% My Fault!?
Revenge for being a douchey ex
OK, you’re not a man.
Revenge in the Drive Thru
Ruin my lunch? Oh look the bus left you now
Yeah you didn't see that coming
(x-post from /r/getoffmychest) I secretly feed my 'dairy intolerant' friend, dairy
The time I actually went through with a petty revenge
Oh no. You have to get your own food. How sad.
I am not your personal subway pole
"Never call this number again!"
Closure denied, two ways.
No apoligies? No laptop then!
This girl didn't want to go out with me
I was the disabled parking Grinch!
Take that sucker! An incredibly petty tale of minor traffic revenge.
We don't need to hear your loud music
You can't move me to a clean room? Really?!
New Parent Restaurant Revenge
The little thing I'd do to get back at my sister
a smashing revenge
This one time at Band Camp...
Won't help me cook dinner like mother told you to? Fine, have it my way.
Intimidating restaurant guests get a taxi to nowhere
Rude man farts himself into oblivion... with a little help from me.
Don’t try to avoid your civic duty
Some guy on Minecraft griefs and steals from me gets stuck in a hole
You want to be an asshole? I can be an asshole.
Death by postal fees
A little dust just for you
Prat gets life ruined
Steal my account? Enjoy the e-mail blasts
Shut the door in my face, try to breathe after this fart
I pop my fiends bike with thumb tacks
20 years old, feel like I failed all my life. Need a pep talk to start over :)
I made a Karen drive 50 miles to get her refund
Kill them with kindness, not softness
I spit in your hair
No Magic Word? Those Straws Sure Are Tricky
My boyfriend cheated on me
Ruined a guy's life who beats his girlfriend regularly apparently over some advice to delete his ps4 account
Auto dealer revenge
A small variation on tailgating revenge
Friend keeps asking every 5mins for his 50p.i give him his 50p...
Eat my cakepop? Oh I’ll let you have it
So you like being mean? And goodbye.
Dunkin' Donuts Coffee fiend
Revenge of the Sixth
A Little Christmas Revenge
You take my parking space? I’ll just block you in.
Inadvertent Babysitting Revenge Against ex-SIL.
You trip me, I’ll trip you.
Beep and swear at me for stopping at a red light? I'll wait till the green instead of going right on red.
Bully ends up with no friends
Flame me in a game? Enjoy a loss.
I encourage my mom to take petty revenge on boss who won't turn down the thermostat
Until today, I let my straps hang freely
ha huhuh haha huhuh
Parked halfway in my bay? Hope you don’t mind pushing trolleys
Pranked the Prank Master
Prorevenge dude messes with the wrong cop v2
My bully recently started work at a local school. This was the email I sent to her employer
Angry lady cussed towards kids,ends up leaving.
You pee on me, I pee on you!
Enjoy your crumbs, asshole
As a neighborhood security guard, this is how I deal with rude residents
Just a small win
I wouldn’t have done anything if she wasn’t rude.
Who's incapable of thinking now?
Brother commandeers my homework station, mess with the computer.
We bullied someone into admitting their crime
When I got revenge in 4 squares
Waiting on me to back out
Sometimes silence is the best revenge
Vengeful vegans
Horrible selfish "friend" gets what's coming to her.
I blocked the access of the parking to prove my brother a point
Roommates playing loud music? Log into the parental control settings of your router and lock him/her out of the internet
Enjoy your lipstick!
Some spiced-up tinder date
I didn't mind swallowing my pride to see a half gallon of cranberry juice soak into his white button down shirt
Write your name in my row?
Getting Even with a Pan-Handler
Great red light revenge found in r/ShowerThoughts
Want me to be a free babysitter, eh?
I've been applying for jobs
You just lost a customer
Saying my badminton club sucks and is full of cheaters? You lose
PUNT your sandwich to the ceiling and leave it for me to clean up? Enjoy your empty wallet
Try to reneg after I've gone way out of my way to make a deal with you?
The best way to deal with high beams in your mirrors
Party in a flat back garden until 11pm? Get fished.
Irritate me at work do you?
Want to leave me passive aggressive notes like you live here? hope you like chickeny mint flavor.
University teacher was willing to put my life at risk
I want to poison you but that would be illegal
Need help getting back at someone
Revenge Gift to Grandma - In Law
My Dad Gets Revenge on a Youth Pastor
Can't be gay and Christian? That's totally right. Right?
Call me an asshole because I won’t give you your precious snack? Enjoy never having them again.
Have some noise
You say I’m a bad friend? You lose your WiFi.
How I got revenge on a scumbag
Make fun of me for getting hickeys? Your fiance has my back
Bossy Mid-Level Manager gets Told
My ex best friend failed petty revenge.
Every day it's something....
Subway manager wouldn't let me add toppings to my BLT without paying extra.
Can't wait 30 seconds?
We may not be a restaurant, but the rules still apply! (x-post from r/talesfromretail)
Bloody bathroom revenge
You obviously don't understand how Amazon.com works. (Alternatively: Enjoy losing business!)
Never Shovel The Shared Driveway? Have Fun Digging Out Your Cars!
I need petty revenge ideas to use against an asshole cashier
Hate it when I game?
Mom's revenge on me.
Shit I did after a break up part 1
You Reap What You Sow
Never yell at your employees while you are in another room
Want to bully me and withhold my payslips? You just lost $700.
I crashed a Myspace chatroom back in the day, due to trolls and cyberbullies
Rubik's cube
Asshole Neighbour Got Me Evicted so I Sabotaged his Home Sale
Reclaiming my parking space.
Want me to clean better? Sure thing
No thank you's for this bus driver &gt;:(
Let me do your job for you.
Piss me off? Ill waste time in your morning
My roommate will jump out of bed and run to the shower when he hears my alarm in the morning.
Call me gay huh
Karma, bitch
Cut me off in a turning lane? Enjoy being the idiot blocking the middle of the intersection.
Don't deny me access to the bathroom.
Go ahead, steal my cart
No gifts for terrible coworker
Cable company
Asshole gets his goose
I've reported a subreddit mod for refusing to unban me
ROBLOX Cross-Teamers get punished due to a glitch
Take up everyones time and make them wait? I'll inconvenience you with my presence.
Steal from me? Well what goes around comes around.
Students pranked me. I had the last laugh.
Not so high and mighty now!
Don't Invest in America's Crumbling Infrastructure? Smell Me.
Cheat on me? Good luck getting home!
You didn't remember the rules? I'll use them against you!
Do not steal my parking spot
I got my revenge by honoring his request.
Very short using someone's words against them
Ruined my Neighbor’s High
Karen gets snippy at the checkout, I turn the tables.
Enjoy your water.
Just let people use your restroom next time
Acknowledge those who show you kindness, karma's a bitch when angered.
Petty goes both ways.
Slightly less food for you. Why? you will never know
*Petty Detective Vibes*
Steal my bed? Ok, have fun being deported.
Poop breath!
I found half my clothes and jewlery in my roommates room, and she said her "friend" did it after unsuccessfully trying to convince me that it was an accident
Trainspotting manners
The snarky poll worker.
Try to lie and scam my job? I’ll give you a nice scare and then ban you for life.
Serial Beverage Thief Gets a Slimy Surprise
No free liquor for drunk bitches.
Change lanes without using your blinker and feel my wrath
Calling her “fake quitting” bluff
I lock the bastard out of my house every night and make the bathroom look occupied when he needs it
What's the date?
I didn't mean to shut the elevator door on someone
Dirty Bomb has been dropped....
Treat me like I'm inexperienced, I'll act like I'm inexperienced.
Her rudeness cost her a job
And so begins the great prank war of  Christmas 2012 (xpost r/facepalm)
How a person on a friends Minecraft Realm got what he deserved.
and then we never showed.
I don't know if it qualifies as revenge, but it sure feels like a win.
My geometry teacher had it out for me.
Wet Balls to the Face
Bully me as A rank 0 in siege i take down your twitch career.
Fuck you Walmart.
"Cheat on me? Good bye, romantic and social life"
Sharing
I unleashed a devastating fart on an obnoxious jerk and he never knew it was me
Accuse me of stealing? Have fun getting out the train station.Wore the wrong underwear, now the costume director is going after me in the most petty way possible
So I just learned my boyfriend has been hanging with his ex behind my back. I also found a receipt for condoms. He already cheated with her once.
Be impatient when ordering on drive thru? Get delayed an extra 2 seconds.
Helped my coworker practise his parallel parking
Not so Grand Theft Highschool
Wrong Number (I guess)
I just threw cig butts back onto my upstairs neighbors porch. Tired their litter outside of my door.
Dont tailgate and be an asshole driver
The Katy Perry text tone battle: How I ended up with my crazy roommate's laptop
Block me from leaving with your cart? I'll return the favor
Won't let me use the bathroom? We'll see about that...
Revenge over a year in the making (from tumblr)
Got your picture!
Petty Valentine's Day revenge
Need intense revenge on an asshole that sent me to jail
I'm a solicitor
Let us put 25k into a property then tell us we can’t buy it? Not s chance.
Delicious pot roast.
I caught my roommate sneaking out his girlfriend of the house we share with our land lady.
The honkening revenge
Bully in Minecraft Results in Her World Being Blown Up
Tell me suck a dick? Ratting you out to your mom.
A dixk head at high school though he waz destroying school work, but he was wrong
Broke up with my abusive SO, got her back for all the years of suffering
HVAC Revenge
Oh, you say it's your birthday?
Noisy Hotel Neighbors
Sometimes when someone I don't like says hi to me I'll say "hate" instead of "hey"
Steal my car? I'll give you a raging boner.
Trick + hack me, causing me stress and panic on my already stressed mind? Enjoy your gift from me, then.
Roommate's Shitty Lover Has Just Subscribed To My Two Week Revenge Program
If I'm running late, you're gonna be late too.
Roommates have been ignoring me/disrespecting me? Prepare for discomfort!
Don't want to return my calls after I paid you thousands of dollars for a job?
Spoil a season for me? I'll spoil 4 for you.
Art Teacher was an ass to everyone so I made a personalized T-shirt and handed it in
Theres a line for a reason!
2 Scoops UPDATE #4: Here We Go Again...
Enjoy waiting now!
Looking for some crap
Don't ask me to teach you next time
Enjoy your "pretty" cake
Mean diva gets hers on the last day of school.
Sleeping Positions
JUST ANSWER ME IN ENGLISH!!!!!
Racist? Enjoy a Spanish bill
Housemates pubes
Deprive sleep to 8 strangers? Enjoy having no working phone on your trip abroad.
Two-parter boarding house revenge
Don't think I can start a new hobby? Have fun being embarrassed in front of your crush
Won't pay me for landscaping? Here have a jungle gym!
Revenge over salmon
Don't be mean to old folks
walk-by burp
Cut me up? Enjoy being stuck behind my Prius
Former boss positively refuses to pay me. What can I do to get back at him?
If you’re going to be rude...
Mom Ruins Dad's Favorite Shirt Because He Cheated
I don't even need the voucher anymore to be honest.
Take my gum without asking? Enjoy the taste of my butt crack.
Sure, I’ll keep my music down. No Problem.
You Made Me Lose My Antique Sword Cane...
New neighbors parking in my spot
How many t-shirts does it take to find a missing one?
No homework for a whole year still got my +A
Want to make arbitrary rules about how to sweep, Dad? Let me take it to the next level
My bitch ex left a shirt at my house. She asked me if I knew where it was, so me and my new GF made her this.
Crappy Revenge
Glued to the floor for jumping on me.
Calling trolls! I need help with my revenge!
"Weird" set top box behavior.
Help me get revenge on a creepyPMer
Well if you must, then yes, you may ring me up at the self-checkout.
Help an honest guy get revenge against a douchebag.
Spoil Last Jedi for me, then I spoil EndGame for you
Be a douche pay the price
Revenge is what you do when the chips are down.
Me, the Petty Gas Station Attendant
(Update) I let him pee on it
Bitch about my driving? Enjoy the spilled coffee.
Suck on that!
Why aren't you talking to me
Don't even text me back when I ask for a shift covered? Allow me to use this new info against you!
Evil neighbour gets what he deserves
“Lying, vengeful hag” Petty revenge that aged like fine wine.
Want to annoy me with constant phone calls? Let's see how much you like it.....
I'll just leave you hanging....
Me and my sister play Animal Crossing City Folk for the Wii. I did this to her when she made me mad.
You don't like waiting huh?
My brother kept finding scraps of food next to his mailbox that kept stray cats in his yard. Found out one night who was doing it...
Pillage my desk? Enjoy your malware
Try to get me fired? I'll get you fired.
Was followed by suspicious person at Target, left him a surprise.
How the Captain got a Trout from Scotland
My sister throws, breaks, and wrecks my room because i ate her banana!
A cop pulls you over, clearly for speeding...
Got two women kicked out of our apartment complex for smoking in the pool after they mocked and laughed at me
False rape accusation is leading to an eviction
I injured someone...
a former best friend who screwed me over and stole credit. This is my revenge by breaking off his engagement with his fiance
You can wait a few extra days for that ...
Customer service robot reporting in
Teacher calls girl in my class a tramp
Thanks, Frosty.
How I got my annoying coworker nearly beaten up.
Petty revenge on heartbreaker
Roommate doesn't feel like cleaning up bathroom germs so I put bathroom germs on her.
Delicious hot chocolate
Insult my work ethic? Huh... guess you're right.
Need some help with a scammer.
Don’t brag about wronging someone when you might be on camera
Always sit in the walk way,time for you to see how I feel
Yeah, well smoke this, douchebag
How I stop tailgating
That bitch is gonna lose her job because I lied and I like it that way
Steal my parking space and ignore me? Miss your meeting.
Try to cut me off and tell me how the sand tastes.
thr111 tells the story of a bad mother, a spoiled child, and a shit ton of pies.
Make loads of noise coming in from a night out on a Tuesday? Enjoy the embarrassment of thinking you pissed yourself.
how my deceased mother got karma to work its magic
"Put the seat down!"
That's Not a Trashcan
I had to "teach" a con man how to speak English...
Portable Apple Watch Magnetic Charging Dock
A not-so-friendly PE game
Balls on your pillow
Sleep deprive me? Prepare to get a song stuck in your head!
I don’t think your mom would approve
Post breakup stealing back my stuff
Blast shitty music on your phone? Do I have a song for you!
Bother me at work and put your hands on me? I will cost your company 2k
Pissed off Parallel Parker
Company Truck, Seriously?
Tailgater gets stuck next to a semi which gave me a semi
Vent on me after a shitty day? I'll leave the plugs, sponges AND scourer in the sink, AND not wipe the sink down
I just caught you begging for this money using your child as bait.. have fun counting $50 worth in small coins!
Neighbours on the hook for £15k insurance bill that they could have avoided by spending £300 a year ago like we repeatedly told them
No money for me? No job for you.
Yell at my mum about parking in a disabled parking space? Better get your facts straight, son.
If you’re going to road rage, don’t do it in a company vehicle, genius.
Better get your task done, or else
Bad parking job
Noisy Neighbors Will Get Stanked On
Boss wanted us to dress as Dalmations. I rebelled.
Are you SURE you want to get the client involved? Pettiness in post-production.
decaf for everyone!
Just follow the god damn instructions
She said 'dare'
You break my heart. I break your family tradition.
Small victory for us band nerds. Probably my finest moment!
Annoying my girlfriend for letting my dog on the furniture
Sorry, the cookies are gone
Won't give me my $50 bonus? Okay, have losing $10,000.
Why chain chairs together?
Pretty much the most petty and ridiculous revenge I've done.
So you want to share my personal and private photos with your friends?
I got back at my toxic ex boyfriend
I got my religion teacher fired after she called me fat.
Talk smack at me behind my back? I make all your friends laugh at you.
Petty email games in the Corporate World
I wrote a satirical play about my awful creative writing professor... for his class
Want to drive around spewing bigotry? Let's fix that
Me and my friends destroy a mansion over a wooden boat
Don't leave your things in the hallway
Push in front of a bona-fide old lady? Sorry about the missing nail varnish...
Cancel my wedding dress? Good lucking selling it now.
(RE UPLOAD) Sexually harass me for months? hope you like your social life.
got my mums boyfriend arrested
My Fake Craft Brewery (Update)
Bitch insulted me to my face. I got her blog taken down.
If you screw with my brother, you screw with me!
Screw you and your juice boxes too
Loud neighbors; revenge via intercom
Don't drive recklessly
I hope you got my germs!
Snow globe sabotage
No calls? Sure, if you say so...
All actions have (petty) consequences
Disrespectful in a music Hall.
Laundry room etiquette
My roommate's girlfriend keeps leaving her shoes in my room. I got back at her yesterday and she still doesn't know. (x-post from /r/pics)
Try to pass 100 cars that have waited patiently and I squeeze you out.
Never touch my toothpaste. EVER.
I spilled the beans
Smell my revenge.
Too lazy to turn the light off? I'll leave you in the dark.
The people who bought our house cut down the trees so we fought back in the most petty way possible
Ideas for how to mess with the scumbags who go through my car?
Raisins? Where the hell did she get raisins?
Right Turn Rage
Lock me out of my own Netflix account?!
Re-conducting the new music teacher
Kid tries getting me suspended, but I pull uno reverse card on him
You think you can get away without doing your part of the paper? Enjoy doing the whole paper in one day!
Moocher 3.1
Never give your password away
No, your pizza isn't free.
Revenge on Road Rager
How's that pizza taste, bro?
More reasons to be polite at a hotel
Don’t try and fool a English Teacher
Dont text me asking for drugs!
Small benchball victory
This guy u/Rhubes randomly picked one of my post from 2 months ago and decided to tell the world I’m some kind of criminal, I finally replied back and then he took all the subreddit that he is a MOD on and banned me on 4 subs(some I don’t even follow). How is that fair?
You wanna treat us like shit? Enjoy a piss cocktail
The perfect petty crime
(posted on wrong revenge site) Woman hurts my dog so I hurt her plans.
Guy parks on my driveway and prevents me from going about my business
I saved the delivery guy from a karen
If you're going to copy off of my test, at least do it right...
Friendly old neighbor
Revenged Law Enforcement &amp; Neighbours In One!
My (Ex)Boyfriend Cheated On Me So Seduced Him &amp; Shit On Him
The case of the missing clothes, or, "My wife, the cunt!"
block me in? pay the asshole tax.
Brother-in-law always has to try one upping everything. Two can play at that game!
Shut me out of a discussion because "what letters do you have after your name?" OP uses unlimited spare time, it's moderately effective.
Are you done here?
Made myself feel better over my bitch supervisor.
You dont mess with the momo man.
I wet the bed doing what I was told.
Neighbour thinks her baby's noise is OK but my dog's noise isn't. My petty revenge with poo
I got fired from my job at a bar that has a nice fancy jukebox
I re-followed my ex best friend on insta after months of not speaking, just to unlike all previous posts and then immediately unfollowed her.
How I Got a Notorious Copycat Caught in the Act
Cave Gas
How my parents made a company that pissed them off send them a check for $0.19
Honking at me in the bike lane? Bad move old man....
I destroyed my evil art teachers pride
https://icobench.com/ico/walkex#.XYx3iryBgUK.reddit
Laugh at me and expect my help? Mmm... no.
Hang up on me? Enjoy your call during dinner.
Request to cut off my power in the middle of the night?
Make me get your drinks for free? I'll mess up your order.
Cheating girlfriend gets what she deserves!
Enjoy The Morning Wakeup
You can be cheap, or you can be an asshole, but not both.
A little petty revenge to end a relationship.
Girl spits drink in my face so I ruin her dress.
Enjoy the blue balls!
My old rich friend is a dick
Job search petty revenge
Don't mess with my tarts.
Teenage years and puberty result in an annoying, stubborn younger brother and petty older sister.
Using the communal parking as your personal junkyard? Have it your way.
My Aunt upsets my Mother, I exact opportunistic revenge.
Take care of your own equipment and dont blame the techs.
STEEEEEEAK!
You want a fence you got one
Petty revenge gone bad. Parking lot finger comes back to bite me
Act like a bitch? Enjoy the fish!
My uterus got petty revenge on myself
Need revenge against shitty roommates
You literally drove me crazy for years time for pay back!
Going nuclear in a card game. (Long, but super petty)
Revenge on my 1st grade teacher
Teacher's revenge on a cruel student.
Coffee Thieves takes a Poop
Almost make me tardy? *YOU* pay the consequence!
MOD
I'm so glad to have found a use for all these ads!
Get off my network and clean your shit.
Pig farmer vs restaurant owner
Too busy checking facebook and blasting music in the Taco Bell drive-thru line? Lose your spot and wait longer.
I used my (sortof?) Ex's card to buy lingerie.
Use your Foreman grill and reek up my dorm? I’ll make you slather bacon grease on yourself willingly for weeks
Make me stay late so you can finish your conversation on Facebook? Good luck doing your job.
Parking problems
Someone parked over the line so I couldn't fit the cart between the cars, so I blocked them in with the cart.
Don’t take my spinach without asking
My mum through my well worn shoes out
I despise you, so I'll cover your car in snowy tree branches!!
What’s a good petty revenge for the people trying to sabotage my relationship ?
Instant Messenger Revenge
Wholesome One
The sidewalk is not for your cars
Police sanctioned and facilitated petty revenge in New Zealand
In the end, all it is taking is a remote control to get some revenge. Pitiful!
You won’t help me?, I’ll make 80% of your call fail
New roommate may get a little wet
Lady bought my pet and tried to resell it for profits, has now no chance of finding any buyer in the country (probably)
My friend cursed me off in front of his entire family at a bbq how do I get revenge?
Won't use the stop sign? Okay then
Dirty change
Former seatmate takes advantage of VIP system - the day I'm in charge
Steal my WiFi? Enjoy this minor annoyance
Start a stupid argument? Fold your own clothes.
Have fun getting back out of your car in the rain
Sexists finish last
Screw me over, then ask for a favor? Think again....
Make my life a nightmare, steal my clothes, trash our room? Enjoy your garbage.
Man flips off entire town
Wife never puts the toilet paper on the holder.
My Primary School-Level Revenge plan
Don't pay for a train ticket and have the nerve to ask directions? Enjoy going the wrong way... Come back to complain. Have an £80 fine as well.
Scream in my ear? Get sickly sweet service.
Mess up my childhood? I'll make you mildly uncomfortable on a regular basis.
Dinged the van with a car door
Impatient postman vs stubborn teen
How My Tutor Lost His Book
Showing my house without proper notification? I'll make your sale that much harder...
Maybe next time he'll think twice
Act entitled and wake me up? cya kid
Midnight Move
That's not my name.
Bass Boosting Builders
15 items or less? Count your groceries
Judge my grocery cart? Have fun unloading it yourself!
Don't mess with the IT guy
Throw me off a chair after I hurt my ankle, I'll make you cry
Sleeping with the enemy's daughter (x-post from r/TIFU)
Rude? Gotta take ya scissors
very rude customer changed her mind and expects me to help her, Spoiler: I didn't!
How I bullied Brad the bully
$25.00 retail
The Revenge of My Sister
If you wouldn't mind giving me revenge advice via PM, please PM me! I am desperate for help!
DIS Worker "Mandatory Overtime" as a Salary Employee with overtime exemption.
My horrible science teacher
Avocado.
Help me with my cheating ex
MUST BE LEGAL- Revenge on cheating wife and the other guy
5th grader VS Kinder
7 out of 8 isn't half bad
On going double parking revenge
Take one piece of cake? How about another!
Party Store over-charging for helium--had to let a little air out
Don't let my daughter play, push my wife? Lose your friends respect.
A guy in a group project didn't do any of the work and just played Pokemon the whole time...
Phone flavored revenge; or "Do your job already!"
Slackers gonna slack. But not with my help.
Bring on the barking
How to deal with tailgating
When your friends stick up for the bully...
Ex best friend gets whats coming to her
Douche in SUV won't let me pass him
kid gets annoyed at me his account gets banned
I mailed a bag of edible penises to a United States Senator
Send Nudes!!!
Petty since day one
FUCK your CAR
Petty snowball fight
sgaspjgaporg
My petty revenge - Serves you right, asshole
Throw away my art? I'll refuse to flush.
Your dog isn't what?
Keep me up at night with your obnoxious attitude? Well that's fine, I'll just keep you up in the morning!
Make Me Work Outside for 14 Hours in the Snow?
Student suspended over a paperHow I got revenge on my history Techer
He sent me unwanted nudes so I sent them to his dad
This was my dad's petty revenge against an allergy faker.
Cut labor during Christmas to win a vacation? Enjoy the fury.
Someone sexually harassed me daily, so I caused him to fail a year’s worth of Spanish classes and ended his relationship with his boyfriend
The Bump
Cracking open a cold one with the boys.
Sorry, I forgot that you were the only customer that mattered.
Sister Revenge
A subreddit you might enjoy
The slide to petty victory.
You want to tailgate me?
Mean mommy
Flash me with your high beams for no reason, eat my high beams for 30 miles.
do and say some nasty shit on social media and make fun of sexual assault victims? that’s okay, i’ll ruin your high school experience and your possible future.
Make fun of me when I cry sure cough up $50
Roommates don't care that I'm being considerate?
This petty revenge has not yes taken place and we need YOU
You gotta do what you gotta do, when you got the runs.
keep your headlights on while parked, i hope you get a headache
Harass me? Have some "toilet" water and an elbow.
Drive me crazy? I'll give your kid penis earrings
That's what happens when you don't clean your room.
Petty revenge on a cheating cabbie.
Kids are impressionable, gotta spread the love.
Shouldn’t have hid your report card in the first place.
It's the little things.
Sex on a puddle of piss
attention seeking "friend" gets what she deserves
Park like an asshole and leave your shopping cart behind my car?
Yup, I Hid Her Pills.
A Story About Ice Cream
Petty Road Revenge
Scoop your poop, lazy!
A choosingbegger tries to rip of a dairy queen
so my mother didn't attend my wedding because she got "lost"
Give me the finger while driving? OK.Tit for tat lawn stuff
More petty revenge on roommate!
Guy was harassing me so I told his mom.
Abused by a co-worker and bosses tell me to take it or get fired
Petty Petty Pocket Revenge
Your car wakes me up in the morning, now it will wake you up too!
Overcharge my friend...not a good idea.
Guys Ex Fiancée and Ex best man are now dating and they left their Wii at his place, he made sure to give it back to them while the best man gets his dick slobbered on.
Teacher humiliated me for years, I use the rules of the church to ruin her.
How I Made a Mean Camp Counselor Quit
Sister's being annoying, so ima be annoying right back.
Jukebox justice
Thinking outside the box
Entitled Customers threaten me, fine eat at the mess hall.
Don't talk to my kid like that. Oh and by the way, get the f out of here
Hope you have to suck those potato chips through a straw
I hope i woke you up
I left a bad review over a year after my experience
karma was coming for him
Queen Nora of the Wayfare
Appropriate Revenge for a Super-Bowl Party Crasher
The Code
Not bad enough for r/nuclearrevenge
Smoking is bad for you.
Wait for it... trust us.
Not Petty Enough 1/5
Revenge on the lighter thief
My petty revenge on a comedian...
A Chemistry Creep
Why not to tailgate in a convertible.
a little troll for douchebag
You must need your head examined...
Here's the story of how I have taken hundreds of mints from a Chinese buffet over 2 years.
Booth neighbors love pounding their feet against the floor. I decide to join in.
Now you don't get to throw it at me again.
Impatient Driver? I'm in no rush.
"Sorry." (x-post by suggestion from r/gonewildstories)Sometimes karma is its own revenge
cheat on your husband of 18 years? have fun getting your work email sorted out.
Accidental Revenge on Cheating GF
Enjoy your steaming hot shower!
I need your help /r/pettyrevenge!
Enjoy The Day Off That You Wanted!
Ruin the fun for me and plenty of others? Uhh idk what to put here
The petty girl with a head the size of a water melon.
Don't tailgate me
You told me i wasnt smart enough for my goal. Well get called out in fron of the entire school
If you misbehave Mr. G will pull down your pants and spank you
Be A Douche? No lunch.Fine me now bitch.
Student talks in class,teacher asks him why he's there,whole class is against him
Got Jumper cables??
Creepy landlord
I said don't use my razor
Don't follow our agreement? Whoops, there goes your WiFi
Garbage Man Grudge
The Invisible Squabble
Took my mom's ex bfs flat screen TV while they were in the middle of watching Netflix.
Boss Forgets Experience Matters
"Trying to be professional"
Always tip your pizza drivers
Don't ride on a person's ass while driving.
Teaching A Parrot
I Kamikaze a Minecraft Troll
You wanna wake me up at 3:30am, all sorts of drunk, just to play video games and eat- have fun when I leave for work, my love.
suggestions for revenge on dump roomate?
McDonald's Employee Lies About Shamrock Shakes, Serves Us On Curbside
Ignore my feedback about your lousy online payment system and try to get me fired for it? I can be petty, too.
The library: where the rules concerning silence are made up and the walls are the thinnest on campus.
the thirst is strong with this one.
Got even with a group of teenage partiers in the campsite next to me... thus allowing my niece to get a good nights sleep :)
"Your spot" you dont live here
I'll show you I belong here
Begged dad for a special beer, ended up hating it, but pretended to love it
Regret
You break it, you pay for it...
A bartender's revenge
Don't celebrate my favourite holiday? Say its 'just made up'.
Mother-in-law gets revenge on her jerk husband
take my soda no more phone
You'll be fine in a couple days
I ain't sleeping in a freezer.
Toilet Seat madness
Woman led me on and tried to humiliate me on social media. I had her publicly admit we had anal sex together.
Telescammer got called out
Revenge advice - what to do with their iPhone?
Kid brags about his Pokémon card, gets it taken away for the rest of the year.
Say bad things about me to the Owner, and make me do your work?! ... I make your life HELL for 18 MONTHS!!
Little Asian Kid regrets taking a fortnite account.
Donuts and Piss for an Asshole
Need Petty Revenge Help for Shitty Former Housemate Cancelling Our Essential Utilities
My Sibling doesn't invite me to a sick birthday party so me and my friend tear him a new one
Want me to cancel something? You can let them know!
Sue my aunt? Enjoy your non-existent domain name
If someone posts a negative reply to my posts or comments I like tp upvote them before I downvote them so that it feels like I'm taking two votes off them.
Sweet, sweet virtual payback.
Exposing my “girlfriend” as a guy
Do you really need that shirt ?
Brotherly Justice
Sick note, eh?
Parking spot reserved
Tailgate me for 50 miles? Well I have a surprise for you...
Was forced to go to work, made my boss clean up after me
Going to shove pass Grandma? I'll make you wait
I left sex toys on my nightstand to keep my dad out of my room
The petty revenge Chosen One.
Placed paper out of husbands reach.
"Policy" is unflinchingly rigid, regardless of circumstances? We'll see about that.
Drive close behind me even though you could have overtaken? Small inconvenience for you
Keep taking my clothes? I’ll put dirt in front of your bedroom door
When someone takes more parking spaces than needed
I hope she got pink eye.
A lynch for a punch
Movie Theater Antics
How do I get petty revenge against my psychotic neighbour?
Getting back at an ex boyfriend
Hit me? Ill make u stuffy
Total A-Hole boss
Bully me? I’ll date your crush and make sure he’ll never like you.
This jacket fits Just Right
3 cents makes a difference.
Please don't litter
Highway tailgater revenge
Mr Postman, that's not how delivery attempts work
I drank the rest of his beer because he decided to treat me like crap last night.
Mom doesn't babysit for free
Don't want to do your work? Enjoy your new nickname, kid.
Make me feel like an outsider in your country, I’ll make you feel like one in yours.
Make me park like a jerk? Fine, I'll be a jerk.
Movie Theater Revenge
IRS scam revenge
enjoy scooping dust and dirt with your bare hands.
Petty revenge on neighbour
I'm that asshole.
I hope you like my music
Sometimes I start fights online that I don't care about just so I can apologize and feel like the better man
Cheated my sister? I shitted your cistern
If I wanted to get off at the bus stop, I would have taken the bus.
Want to recline your seat the full way for a 9 hour flight? Then let me make your flight miserable
asshole surfer
Want to lie about our sex life. Well hope you enjoy your fake herpes.Teacher denies bathroom privilege, student asserts his dominance
Is this revenge or just pure stupid stubbornness?
The customer is always right, it's the law?
Lie to the HOA that my dog is off it’s leash because your dog almost attacked mine? Enjoy your dog freaking out every time I see it outside.
The urinal trough
Catfish revenge anyone?
Petty? Oh yes. Cost myself £50? Yup. Felt good? You betcha!
Old company wouldn't take my phone number off the list for clients to contact.
Ok Mr. BMW SUV, the closer you get to my bumper at the red light the slower I go.
"Love me", do you? Let's see what the Vice Principal thinks of that.
I got back at the drama queen who was ruining our science center trip!!
Banned from WiFi
My own personal revenge on the mean girl
Leave trolleys in my street? I'll tie them together in your driveway.
Eating can of tuna on public transport during morning peak-hour?? Well then, let me clear out my phlegmy throat and show you the goods in my handkerchief....
You left your keys in my car? Nope, sorry. I don't see them.
Sometimes my revenge works out in the long run.
My dad gets some small revenge on some annoying teens.
Brother forces me off the TV while I'm on the last act of Bioshock Infinite, I get revenge by repeatedly changing the channel and turning off the box from my phone.
Get your own water!
Petty revenge on my roommate.
Shopping Cart Revenge
You in a hurry? Oh well..
Not quite a revenge story, but I want to share. More of a karmic punishment.The Milkweeds won
Creative petty revenge for no refund victory
Drive like a dick? I'm going to go visit my mom.
Our revenge on a Lyft driver
Cut me off and almost cause an accident? Don't worry. Revenge is a dish best served with a side of fries.
Refer me, I’ll refer you!
Revenge against my drunk, loud flatmate.
Steal my tips? I'll get you fired.
Fruits of labour
Learn how to spell &amp; Don't break OPSEC
Got Revenge on an Evil Teacher and Ruined Her Rug
MatMaids Should Have Studied Anatomy, Not Just Sex
Thank you, officer!
You made my girlfriend cry, so kiss your internet goodbye
I was the victim.
Annoying roommate
Scammers and I wasted some time together
Stop Stealing My Bread
Trying to get me in trouble? Enjoy your overnight accommodations.
Lying little liar gets nailed
My run in with a Karen while pumping gas
Don't be a bitch to the people who make your food.
Insult my friends height? Enjoy your detention
Some truly purposeless pettiness that proved no point whatsoever.
Blow us off? Have fun standing in the rain.
Neighbor Continues To Park In My Car Space So I Scare The Living Crap Out Of Him
Be nice to bouncers
Cyclist vs car
Chicken Pox Germ Warfare
Why park properly?
Don't Take Out The Trash? Fine then.
The aristocrat will have to wait.
Wanna be a douche to me?
bad roommate + shampoo
Committed one of the pettiest of petty revenges
I ak going to give you a real reason to call me crazy
Revenge on Roommate
It's called 2 weeks for a reason..
To the group of drunks who were all out annoying
Who's the sucker NOW, sucker?
Kindness and Currency in Retail
Backed up by the teacher
#TIENES CANCER, CREE QUE PODRA TENER CANCER O QUIERE PREVENIRSE CONTRA E...
Lose my work order, and tell me it’s not your problem? It *will* be...
"It's only food"
If I get dirty you get dirty as well.
So you want to keep kneeing and moving my airplane seat?
The classic laxative revenge
Multiple creative revenges on bully teacher over the years
Think you're above the law? Think again...
My neighbor has called the police on me for blowing snow in his empty field twice this winter.
Please don't pester the lifeguard or else I'll make you wait.
Use my towel? Go ahead as long as you wash it.
Film Festival Talkers
Going to be a jerk? I'll show you how sad you made me.
Ruin my office reputation? I'll ruin your wardrobe.
Tourists don't want to let me go home!
I buy you dinner and you flip out when I accidentally use your shampoo?
Ooops.
Tired of getting beaten and staying quiet. x-post from /r/prorevenge
Steal her breastmilk, enjoy your shits
The door
Make fun of my autistic friend? Clean the toilets!
Pick on a child, get adult revenge.
Part Two: the Revenge
Glitter Aurora
Be rude to other musicians? Take this shitty music stand.
Enjoy your cheeseless chili items, heathen.
Be an inconsiderate snob to me and my coworker? I won't let you know your bra is showing.
You’re probably faking chronic illnesses so that you can eat yogurt
Use the Ice and refuse to refill it? Have a nice clean mouth!
Petty Revenge - Is John There?
Test Post
Try To Take Away My Best Friend...Good Luck Having No One Vote For You
May Mjolnir smite you with Finals for your laziness
Today at the grocery store
Bob is dead!
Instant karma for the rude lady at the gas station
Try to kick me out for no reason? Let's see who gets the last laugh.
When petty revenge becomes reward
The curtain shit show
I love the County Fair
Too fat to play the hero? Then I'll be the villain.
Copy My Test? Get Fucked
Stepped out of my comfort zone. Enacted petty, bitchy, somewhat-revenge on a now-ex-friend.
That's some hot stuff
Steal from me? I'll rub your biggest insecurity in your face.
Ancient petty revenge
“FIX MY FACE” - A Photoshop Journey
Yes, ma'am, hitting the redial button will get you the RIGHT number next time.
Mess with my friend, we're not afraid to tell on you
Mess with me? I’ll send my army
Don't pay me? I'll just help myself.
Talk Shit? Now You're Going to Shit
How to destroy an email address?
No kisses for you.
Walking in a parking lot when i see a car with a "keep you dick beaters off my porche" or some other expensive-ass car.
Cuddly toy whore revenge
My girlfriend wouldn’t pick up her calls so I made sure she and her friend were late to their next class.
The ride isn't designed for someone your size.
Don't be a rude redditor
Nearly hit my nephew of his bicycle? Have fun without a wing mirror!
Treat my sister like shit?!
tables turned on register employees
Guy kept standing on my foot on the tube...
Won't let me fix my car? I'll make you thing yours needs fixing.
question about printing on colored shirts?
Terrible parking leads to laundry revenge.
The guy who ghosted me showed up in my favourite coffee shop and I pretended to be planning my baby shower.
Be a dick every day? I'll annoy with your own rules
I decorated my roommates Xmas tree for them
Dont fuck with my basket
Be inconsiderate about the other people studying around you? Enjoy trying to exit the building.
Cut me off on purpose? Good luck repairing your now damaged car.
teacher caught masturbating
Woman is teasing my autistic Brother after a hard day... my Mother is a little petty.
Don't like changing the empty milk bag? Petty revenge, admit one!
Almost run me over? Have fun washing your car, jerk.
Unintentional revenge on a food-stealing sister
My petty revenge against lazy grocery store employees
Express consent to touch personal possession. (X-post from r/maliciouscompliance)
From my local Facebook mom group:
The toilet avenger
Made her bra straps slip
Roommate kicks us out ... we will annoy him until we leave
Don’t let me call in sick? Fine I’ll just quit
dont be that way
I don’t take checks but was forced to. I overdrew the customers bank several times.
Tales from Fast Food
Demon-spawn and the key to happiness
More shopping one way aisle shenanigans
Thanks for showing favoritism when some of us actually want to learn, professor slimeball
The pusher
S***ty Revenge 😂
Honk at me at the gas station? That'll teach you.
Revenge on friend who pounds the piano
Revenge on someone who got on my nerves online.
Make fun of my friends? Enjoy losing 30 minutes of bonus exp
Douche Ex Loses His Pet
Petty Revenge on board gamer friend
I purposely did badly on my AP test to spite my teacher
Lazy teammate
No smokes for you!
It won't move anymore!
Never piss off the piper
Grade A Asshole: Class Partner From Hell
Possibly too petty to even be revenge...
Is it vomit on your seat?
You know damned well I took that box of cards
Not a story... or not one that’s got an ending yet....
Today my brother acted like an idiot to me.
Boomer Neighbors like to noise complaint me
Act like an entitled arsehole at school? Enjoy getting in trouble when you aren't even in
Think you're better than everyone else? So sorry for the inconvenience.
My Sisters and The Great Instagram Heist
I glue-gunned a bottle of dip-spit to his desk
Steal my mentos? Enjoy your soggy Pringles.
Take up two parking spots?
Enough walls of text.
Take up too much room on the train? You can wait until last
Drunk guy has to pay for friend’s car
Being annoying, show it to everyone.
Yell at me? I'll get your friends to laugh at you for being rude.
Circumsised an asshole
This guy is really insecure. He twisted arguments and got me banned for making a DM joke about pegging
53 Chickens, 1 Apartment
Old Australian petty revenge story
Watch your dog...
The smell of justice
You're not wrong, your just an asshole.
My brother made me mad so i decided to block the porn websites on our router.
Shut one of my bullies up
This might seem the furthest thing from petty to some of you but for me it meant nothing at all.
I hope this is really petty but this morning
BC gets mad at me for giving her 30 seconds of work more than another colleague. I mess up her week.
Stood up to a server that tried to take advantage of the fact that I was a kid
PS4 chat party
Satisfying outcome for cheaters
Rental Agreement PayBack
1 year of bully and torture , then you need me?
I can do anything I want on my last day, so I did!
Choco hate
"Hood" name teasing revenge
Refuse to apologize? Looks like you'll miss your flight.
Mom’s Words Backfired
Mean magic the gathering guy
Disrespect our home? Turn about is fair play, roomie!
Revenge 5 years in the making!
Nothing gets in the way of me and video games or How some douche tried to rip me off
Ex-friend forced himself on me...2 years later I disguised myself as another woman, made him fall for me, and then ghosted him.
The Kyles.
Park like a moron don't expect me to be the bigger person.
Mystery Movers
TSA Agent got revenge on me
Years ago I helped a girl get petty revenge on her cheating ex.
Enjoy my piano now
Who's laughing now?!
Neighbor complained about dogs barking
You didnt ask me directly
Want chicken nuggets. Great Idea I'm kinda hungry!
Destroy my ark progress? Have fun getting banned
"You must have pressed the Spanish button..."
I need some petty revenge to someone who won't pay (residential painting)
Don't be a dick when you've just finished working with wet cement.
Take my water bottle? Fine. No root bear for you.
Illegally evict my company out of the rented office space? I'm going to make you sparkle!
Salt in Tea
Don’t make me get your last minute groceries.
My very recent gf turned out to be a real conflict-lover and tried to pick a fight over my old bag
Feel free to text these people
Won't pay the utility bill? No internet for you!
He will probably start wearing shoes soon
What innocuous action by other people absolutely sets you off?
You want Cherries? Sure, Karen
CRUNCH
I'm not usually this petty...
Block the handicapped parking? Prepare to be shamed in front of your neighbors.
Trolls never win
Resting your elbow on my leg because your girlfriend is taking up all your space? I don't think so.
Asshole at work takes revenge on himself.
Use your indicators
Cheating wife demands severance...Denied!!!
He deserted me so I ruined his career.
Honk at me when the light turns green? Enjoy this block, it's your view for a while.
No one likes a litterbug
Steal out chest? We’ll make sure to make up for it by making you fail the mission and wasting 15 minutes of your time
My cat got revenge on me
Tell me I'm a coward and garbage? Alrighty then.
Short, simple revenge for littering.Wanna be a bitch about how long it takes to wrap your item? Well, you'll never know what hit you.
Revenge on standard bully.
Take the P out of me in another language and it will cost you
Football Win
Boyfriend cheats on me so I am breaking his relationship up
Conference call, in the bathroom
Heterophobic asshole in fandom community, I get my last word
Don't wanna work? Hope you enjoy getting a D!
A postmortem revenge story...
Tailgate me? Guess you're not going anywhere fast
Petty Revenge on Nicki Minaj!!
Entitled Karen try’s to steal my $10000 telescope so I steal here son
Be stuck on ground level all day.
You're the "piano man"
Get snippy with me, I will mildly inconvenience the fuck out of you.
a Majority of this sub is not Petty and it's just People Acting like Douchebags
Spamming office depot in return for spamming me.
Be an ahole? Pay the price
Got the pettiest revenge on a customer. But it was worth it.
Pretentious Parking Job
Your time is not more valuable than mine
Moldy Coffee Pot (kind of petty)
"Oh, you have poor people's insurance? You'd better impress me at your consultation because I really hate having patients like you."
Update to petty revenge for insulting me while i do a favor
You look disgusting! ...retold
Sneaky teacher trier to get one over on me, turns out she isn't so sneaky
I'll never find another job in the city if you let me go? Challenge accepted
Don’t mess with me before I’ve had my morning coffee
What are some pretty (but legal) ways to get back at my neighbors?
Someone complained that my project manager would say "two birds one stone"...
I got my principals, counselor and superintendent fired
My grandpa savage
THOSE WHO WANT CHANGE- Stop giving reddit money
Enjoy your water
Getting revenge on cheating ex gf.
Sorry for wasting all of your precious time
Send me a nasty message on Facebook? It's a shame you have a public profile.
Sweet revenge when food thief steals doctored cookies
No Contract, No Deal.
No not really...Don't hit me with your balloon I will pop it
Won't get me ice cream when you're in the kitchen but ask me to get you some when I get my own? Ok...
Don't care about ruining my clothes? I guess I'll just let you pay more.
2048 can ruin your day.
I'm not here to clean up
Steal my stuff and lie about it? Enjoy sleeping in my piss.
Neighbour gets beautifully petty over a bright light!
The story of the Scout-haters.
Pissed off impatient person at a drive through! Payed for her food!
Saying I shouldn't be a ref? Looks like you shouldn't be one either.
Be an abusive teacher? Thanks for having good supplies!
Eggcellent
Pick someone of your own size
CRAZY DRUG ADDICT NEIGHBOR NEEDS TO BE FUCKED WITH
Housemates constantly made us feel like we were holding them back, so we made sure they saw how much they really needed us.
A tale of 2 petty revenges...
Want to be a self-important twat? Keep waiting in the line that you claimed.
Rudeness Will Cost You
I've had enough of your lies, and I'm taking it out on your face
A year long battle
Not faster now, is it?
Wherein I discover that I am not alone in my revenge.
I cut my shirt and blamed my bully (short)
Force me to play sport I hate? I'll not listen to you and somehow score a goal.
You're racist, loud and rude? Enjoy your tv-free weekend!
Loud Neighbor Gets Silenced
Forced Catering
foul day Rslash
Harass me on Carousell? Get your account suspended
Shitty college parking revenge
Oh sorry, do you need to be somewhere?
You'll have to poop somewhere else now
Times flies when you're feeling petty.
What I think of y'alls 'minimum purchase' rule
Nasty to our staff? Enjoy sitting on your hands.
Terrible Neighbors Block water flow by Slashing a Branch Off OUR Tree
Be condescending to me? Everyone will see your typo
Sallie Mae can pay for the answers they seek.
No Cake For You
Need help coming up with a sassy comment to a typo/Freudian slip. Please! :)
Help me get a little Revenge
Want to be a jerk to your classmates? Enjoy having the shits!
Make me work on the 4th while you party away? I hope you like counting coins.
take MY clothes out of the dryer before they're done?
Revenge on soft play bullies
The tree's losing its leaves? But it's a fake ...
I say you can use something when you need it, and I never get it back?
A terrible program and a more terrible revenge
I hope you enjoy the taste of dirt.
The best revenge is when I don't even have to do anything
petty pencil revenge.
I made a profit off getting mugged
Sleep with my roommate? I'll give your best friend hot shower sex
What's that smell?
Don't be rude or I will mildly inconvenience you!
😊
Keeping with the Public Transport revenge..
There was a very rude passenger on my flight this morning...
I baited my terrible neighbors into getting themselves in trouble
Had a house guest over stay his welcome.
Please take only ONE parking spot!!
Don't overwork me, or else...
*cough cough*
Park on my driveway, enjoy your weekend stay!
Thieves kept stealing my 2-stroke oil, i got back to them :)
Don't be a dick to your Uber driver
Can't work without throwing my dish rack behind the ice-maker? Work without the dish rack. (Or, better yet, work with it physically locked to the dishwasher!)
If you don't enjoy my company, don't invite me to do things.
Craiglist scam risks
Kick me out? Your new roommate gets to have a rude awakening.
Get a Free NFL Jersey (Shipped within 3 days)
This is my idea and I need all you lovely petty people to give opinions
Softball jerk gets what's coming to him
Be a jerk to the waitress on a first (and definitely last) date, get charged an asshole tax.
To be honest I would've done worse
Bacon Is The Name Of The GameSteal the project topic you know nothing about? Good luck doing it without help.
Won't change the phone number on your adverts? I'll tell everyone who calls how shitty your business is.
Family cuts in front of me, I become the kid's mentor. (Med.)
Don't mess with kitchen staff, they have chilli powder and your food
Football revenge on my mom
Never trust an UberEats customer who says they’ll tip you later
Everyone text this cheater for me
Mean Girl Ruins My Reputation, So I Ruin Her Friendships
Dumbass gets his phone taken up because of me.
How can I spam someones # anonymously?
So, you're not going to pay your bills? Ok...
Don’t be a jerk when you’re wearing your work uniform.
Who wants a social security number or two?
Vulgar Yard Signs
Little Lotto Payback
You Make Me Do All The Science Fair Project! I’ll Throw You Under the (metaphorical) Bus!
My childhood bully got nice to get homework answers
Ruin my fancy honeymoon dinner with my wife? I’ll crop dust you and your entire family.
Upset over 3 inches? Prepare to get 3 more inches to worry about.
Steal my Coke? Try this.
But I worked so hard... SIKE!
Worked three months for this guy with no pay and decided that I've had enough
My apartment neighbor and My parking spot.
cheating karma - scallywag styleNo More Jizz Tissues
Eat shit entitled fucks
The tale of Dorence Gano and his incredibly shrinking (and growing) head
That's what you get for jumping the line
I hate people who talk on their phone in the bathroom.
Woman plays loud music on public transit so I lock her speaker in a box
Towel Trouble
I'm usually forgiving and patient, but this Ebay seller had it coming.
There's a guy who has been really messing with some of my friends and pissing me off. So I put out a very specific craigslist ad...
Would you like some petty revenge with that?
Winning a second fork
Hey, respect the lines!
You had me at hello. Well, three hellos
I got this mean girl’s Instagram account banned
English poem
Pester me about following your filing rules? File this resignation letter
Reddit, I need your help to expose this guy who claims to represent the LADWP and is blackmailing my family business.
Jerk Friend assaults me during sledding and gets mad when we win in a game without him.
Please do not bend
Cussed at for doing my job...
The pettiest revenge of all
Plan to go to the movies without me?
A tailgater's hell
Tailgate me after cutting off my parents? Sit there for 37 miles.
How to fail A-Grade
Ex Vs. Reverse Cards
You're rude to the guy handling your food? HA, see what happens!
Talk bad about my coworkers? Enjoy reaching farther for your groceries.
Revenge on tormenting older brother
Don't try to pull people off the monkey bars
You're a Sergeant who doesn't care about his cops? Not sorry I ate your sandwich.
Blood and Satan
You shall not MAC
35 MPH Revenge, best served with a side of flashing lights
Take the trash out, Nasty
Shit in a roommate’s gf’s shampoo bottle before she used the entire bottle.
Don’t touch my music.
Kick my cat and treat him like shit after being an asshole? Good luck growing your facial hair.
Not your burrito, it is now.
DirecTV kept sending me unwanted boxes
My Cat keeps sneezing right on my face, so I've started to do the same to her if she's around
Use a technicality on me, you better believe I'll return the favour.
Dont wake me at 5AM.
Keep cutting me off? Enjoy your one way trip into town.
Former friend gets a fake interview and made to wait 3 hours!
Stupid neighbour playing loud music all hours of the night
Saw a post about spicy food /lunch thief, inspiration
Entrapping Psycho Daughter
McDonald's only got your coffee wrong
You waste my time and I'll waste yours.
Friend lies about watching a show, I fake spoil the rest of itPetty Mac n Cheese
New car smell
Don’t talk over me
Revenge ideas with mobile number (uk)
Turn down your ringtone!
I guess you should have taken a memo
Stinky revenge at the mall.
Rude manager's bathroom adventure
Student boasts to me about his iPhone
Say I’m faking it when I call in sick? Fine have fun not reaching me to cover your shift
It’s a funeral, not X factor.
You don't ticket us on the job site, a cop learns the hard way.
Neighbor constantly cranks the bass at 4am. How’d you like some free internet that I control?
Wanted to get petty revenge on an entitled mom at Walmart...but chickened out. Sorry for those of you looking for justice.
Insult me for doing a favor?
Give me food poisoning, you about to have a shitty time.
Douche bag who jokes about Rape
Single ply! What am I some kind of animal!
Won't unmute the TV? We're leaving and taking half of your customers with us!
Dismiss me as a creep. Think someone stole your bike for a few seconds
Co-worker reports me to management for a minor mistake so I take back my offer to cover her weekend shift.
Don't use other people's emails as your own.
Guy hacks my friend and copies thumbnails on youtube.
Stalker wouldn't leave me alone so I told his exgirlfriend he was a peeping Tom
Have fun turning up to work looking like a slob.
Messing with my ex gf and her mom
Short but sweet
Don't mess with restaurant staff.
The tale of 2 techs and the best 10 dollars ever spent x-post from /r/talesfromtechsupport
Do not mess with the ketchup dispenser.
No, you can just stand there and look stupid
If it isn't your spot, don't park in it!
Revenge..not so petty
My name isn't "bud".
Have fun with diabetes
Impatient man wins me money
Cat Puke? No Sleep for You!
make me do the all the work don't be surprised when it bites you in the ass
Be a racist with a stick up your ass? Welcome to the real world. Happy 4th.
A friends friend keeps stealing from me
The Us Postal Service helped me get some innocent , hilarious, petty revenge
Be a bad neighbor? Then don't forget to do your civic duty.
My flat in London
Intrude on my privacy? Okay.
Don't mess with the computer guy
Boss threatens to take bonus- I sabotage his soda.
Gee. Now how could that have broken already?
Don't let me help you, then enjoy my pettiness!
Stole off me, so I got petty, painful revenge
Kick my seat at the movies? Enjoy your view.
Hate me for no reason? Here's a reason.
Don’t want to return my tools or pay me? Enjoy losing your buisness
Shut the door in my face? Have fun closing it AGAIN.Don't put your sh*t on top of my locker.
Neighbor throws a monkey wrench into my home sale
You wanna meet up? Well, too bad!
Bad breakup
Call the cops on kids playing basketball, I hope you like the noise.
Try to bust my chops over a parking spot? I break your spirit.
why I pushed a kid smaller than me. . . . he was bullyig me
Hope you like being paid in loose change!
Your Tomatoes Needed the Sun, huh?
Cheating on exam? Fuck you.
That was an expensive engine
Moocher 2
Steal my computer account, almost fail your class
I'm glad we both have break-away mirrors.
My supervisor takes advantage of her position...
Creep on my friends and I'll take them for drinks.
Rude Tourist Is Too Stupid To - Literally - See What's In Front Of Him
Confront me for stealing? Enjoy your fine.
A little petty revenge on my (ex) flatmate
coughing neighbor..
My brother kicked me out of his comfy bed, I got a good slap on him
The Sloppy Milk
Got my ex back.
"What are you gonna do about it?" "Replace you."
Obnoxious singing in exchange for obnoxious snoring.
My dog gets revenge for me
I hate 'New' country music.
Now you have to wait even longer
Don't like my favorite movie and actor? Enjoy having to listen to his life story for 20 minutes.
Credit Where Credit is Due
Don’t like my lawn. Fine there’s no lawn.
You can bank on someone getting arrested...AND fired!
Bully gets slapped with revenge
Why is my lawn brown?
lock me out? fine, I will eat your gift. (FIVE YEARS IN THE MAKING)
try to blackmail me? no more free milk for you.
Harass me at the gym? Get sweaty feet.
Butt in line? Nice try, girls
This is my friend's story. Hope you enjoy!
Be mean to my friends and family, I take your candy and ruin your photos.
Tired
If you yell at me, you're just making it worse for yourself.
if she really loved you, she'd ruin your life.
My StepDad yells at me for saving my dog from sickness
Guy who tries to jump ahead at stoplight gets his.
Office bitch
Don't feed baby? Your pizza is delicious!
I Think My Neighbor Keyed My Car
Driver thinks I can be bullied, so I made sure the regretted it.
Almost hit me? Good luck getting a parking spot!
Got fired unfairly,
Have Fun Drinking Your Lemonade
Public Parking
Tired of me being the only person respecting other people's space.
Lose 3 generations of customers over $15
My dad had a teacher who used to be beat his students. 40 years later... some petty but satisfying revenge.
get rekt
Found on r/talesfromtechsupport: user is a condescending twat, but tech gets his revenge.
When in doubt, take the air matress
"Sorry, we can't do an exchange without a receipt."
Anyone here who made themselves so indispensable at a job they hated, then resigned out of spite?
I pick my battles.
Turn me down on my 21st birthday and I'll come back and deny you another sale the next day
Snobby Paint Customer
Kid Rock is insecure
A glass of water
Steal $4, get grounded &amp; licked
Don't cut me in the fast food line.
A scammer tried to have me install malicious software on my computer. I decided to have a little fun.
You make me solve your tests? I get you 15 days of detention and an F.
I'm a Crazy Bitch? Enjoy the snot.
you're my customer, not a friend
A tale of petty revenge from my father.
Don't mess with my sudoku puzzles.
Take back something given.
Bully me? Alright I'll make you run for your life.
I beat up the class bully
Bruce Willis dies at the end.
"You should be paying ME to talk to YOU!"
Petty Barista
Stalk me? Good luck getting into your account...
Sweet, sweet ice cream shop revenge
Your makeup looks "cakey"
Rude to me? I'll use the whole office to make you cry.
Girl rejects one of my friends and makes him a laughingstock, friend plays ultimate Uno reverse card a few months later
Told customer she caused employee firing
My replacement is PISSED. (Wall of text)
Mother's revenge on cheating baby daddy
Wanna waste 2 minutes of my time at a stop sign? Gonna embarrass you into front of your girl
Asking for ideas on r/pettyrevenge?
Take that, electricity company
Good Vibrations
I'll just call your company
Destroy my sand castle? I destroy your quad
You try to fail me cuz you dont like me ok ill annoy you even after i leave the school
The Chicken McNasty Incident.
Smack me in the face? I hope the ground enjoys your food.
Patience
Petty revenge on the golf course
Block me to board the bus first? Enjoy my stinky farts.
As an Uber driver...
Petty Revenge On My GF's ''Best Girl Friend''
You know, not everyone wants to hear your sexcapades...
Keep me up while i try to sleep?I can do that too!
Ongoing revenge
That Phone Was The Worst Idea Ever
Cheat on me? I’ll ass fuck your uncle🤣
What a Dip!
I really hoped you'd steal this one. And I got my wish
Girl is rude, gets a surprise later that day.
Book me an occupied room? You can be the bearer of bad news
Take the only parking space next to the airpump with no intention of using it and then curtly tell me to be patient as you mock my weight in the gas station?
Fair's Fair
Hey apartment #401, I hope you like waking up to my Bissel 6000000.2
Trap my cat in a drain? Enjoy 4 years of poop catapults
Having problem with neighbor above me making noise. Already complained to management and nothing is being done
Dump your tray of cigarette butts on the road? I'll shoot you the bird to the tune of AC/DC
Enjoy your weight "gain"
Petty Revenge on my friend that fucked my sister.
neighbor believes THEIR laundry should be washed
Self promoter gets his account screwed over for the next few hours
Petty Revenge to a co-worker gone bad.
Yes I Can Understand You
To be filled in if I remember fuck knows I've been drinking
Learn to park, douchebag...
Uh oh, looks like our internet's not working right
Play youtube videos too loud late at night? Good luck using your computer, bro.
I shit you not
Tinder girl plays with my emotions and I send one email
Thanks for blocking me! It only makes me feel like I got under your skin.
Boss tries to fire my DAD then DAD shuts the entire company down.
Pee on our shared home and threaten to kill me? Watch your property taxes rise...
Cold callers
Tech support petty revenge
Throw your dogs shit on my yard for 6 + months, don’t worry I will make sure to return it (neighbour disputes, police intervention? Nahhhh you took care of it yourself) (LONG)
Helping my roommate keep his cup clean water
NSFW "I can't spend my life with a guy that earns that!"
My step dad thought he was funny
Exchange Student Fights Back (it’s weak revenge, but I did spit on a pizza of their’s once! So there’s that.)
Password reset revenge, tormenting a sibling never felt so satisfying.
Better towels
District Manager complained that I wasn’t *busy* enough.
And that's how you teach a kid manners...
Shaming Witches With a French Children's Song
Cold (or not) Revenge
I got her back
Wont let me piss, fine ill use the trash can.
Go in the elevator before they come out? Get fucked getting into the store
I bet my flatmates high score on Wii sport bowling
Want me to do your paperwork for you? Okay, hope you got a magnifying glass.
Your mom does not clean here!
Don't do your job? Don't expect any help from me!
Just do the dishes
Facebook Hijacking
An interesting title
Take too long with my pizza will ya?
How I got back at my landlord for cheating me out of my damage deposit
This felt to good
Mildly inconvenienced the people who stole from me
Bar boy forgets to put table numbers on his tickets, so I warm his plate up
Take my table? Okay,​ guess I'm joining you for lunch.
Quick Draw McGraw wants to be an especially inconsiderate asshole on the 4th of July? Breath in the shit buddy, breath it in.
Lying can only get ya so far
Taxi driver scared my mother; I reported him for illegally smoking in his taxi.
Apartment complex refuses to hold pet owners accountable so we call the health department.
2 years in the making
My roommate thinks my room is a free-for-all, so that must mean hers is as well, right?
Make me cook dinner every night? Enjoy your plain pasta at 11pm.
Time to refill the printer
9 year olds petty revenge against me in retaliation of my pettiness to her
How to get back at someone who won't pay up?
Next time you'll wait your turn.
Revenge on the radio
But you told me to go outside.
Neighbor called the cops on us at 2am so I brought out the genny.
Jerk woman and her dog....
Petty relationship revenge
Five years later, karma hits upholsterer who stole our deposit!
Don't creeper stare my wife
tortured the AC worker with horror movies when I realized he was wasting time
wanna make inappropriate comments on instagram eh?(short)
You towed my car? Enjoy your "nap"
A minor, un-noticeable yet irritable revenge.
I hope you like Hannah Montana, assholes
Have fun making that sale, car salesman
Piss me off? Prepare to fail your tests
Me vs the racists - some innocent petty vengeance!
Made class mate think he shit his pants during a camping trip(remembered this from reading other story)
A Twist on "Homework Copying" Revenge
Fall upon him!
You're getting fat bro
Snooty Neighbor Revenge
Sweet, sweet sound of silence
Your top secret recipe is no longer a secret
Take 45 minutes to give me my drink? Here's some trash!
Hold it in, do a dance, that's the way to keep dry pants.
Should I do it?
Cabbie tries to rip me off $1.60? Protracted court battle and large civil penalty for you!
Can't properly operate your vehicle? Have fun with your wet, frozen car interior.
Revenge of the Exasperated Camp Counselor
Dumped my petty ex topping her pettiness
Aggressive driver gets a ticket... Because of me.
iphone 5s line revenge...well mental satisfaction
Parking spot
No witty title. Just petty revenge at my finest
Dear people who like to lean on poles in trains
Embarrass me will you....
Crazy old Republican lady kicked a cat, I'm making sure she gets intimately acquainted with every Democrat currently in the news
Don't apologize for misdialing my phone # at 2 AM? Enjoy your 4 AM wake up call.
Leave my motorcycle alone.
Look how much these animals have changed their appearance after the love given to them by a human.
Biblical Pettiness
Some guy spoiled the Red Wedding for me (Game of Thrones). Two years later, I got my revenge.
Dirty dish war: the first battle has been waged.
Slow download speed, hmm it's not my fault.
Don't mess with the mentally handicapped Janitor
Caused a long term technical issue at Wendy’s
Boss wants to lie about the rules and expect to be treated like a king? I'll go over your head, then.
"Have a nice day!"
Be an inconsiderate roommate, don't expect me to be considerate to you
Teacher gets even with name sharing
Harass homosexuals? Get harassed by homosexuals
I got fed up with the walmart walruses.
If you were really tough you would have done something
Make me lose my job, I'll make you lose yours in a time of need
The best revenge I’ve ever gotten in my whole entire life
Give me bad grades undeserved? How about I get you fired then.
Want to torture my young sister? Have fun not getting your doordash order
This girl is next level petty
Slow burn on a raging honker
Dumb jock gets schooled, literally.
Shitty Ex Bfs get what they deserve
Worked in a call center a while back, be rude to me, I'll waste your time... On xmas.
Roommate stole my mayo
"Good luck getting in your car"
Steve Jobs started development on the iPad and iPhone because he hated a family friend
Always take note of who's sitting behind you &gt;:)
Too lazy to put your cart back?
Know your Rights, Y'all
Mess with us, Lose your house.
Short but great revenge story...
Neighbor Paraking
He trashed talked my girlfriend so I trashed his car.
Meep meep zip bang *sirens*
Retail revenge
Don't text me back? I eat your cake.
Bully me relentlessly? Okay then, have fun in Handball!
Mother-in-law list unsupervised visiting privileges
Ebay seller tried to scam me, so I brought out my stapler.
So, You Are Interested in My Grass
Badgered by a kid about your old games? Give him a reason to stop trying.
Billable Bitching
What can I do to a random person who hacked my account and stole money?
High School Principal Tries to Steal My Paycheck to Pay for After Grad
Rude customer at my job today
Ex-Boyfriend breaks heart 3 times so I blew up his minecraft house
To Wife Who Don't Know What Breakfast Is
Snooty Maitre d'
A petty piece of paper
Pretend you can't here me? I hope I hurt your stats.
be loud and annoyong in the changing room?
Wanna complain about me in a language I can't understand nor defend myself?
New supervisor woes
Enjoy your blocked card
I just want my water pressure
Wanna be an a** housemate? 2 can play that game.
Take my stuff without telling me? Ok well prepare for this!
Don't make me spend extra time cleaning up after you
i cant play the piano? look at this contract bitch
My art teacher wanted me to drop out. So I did.
How about a milk bath?
How I got revenge against a compulsive cheater
My friend is a parking attendant
I get refused my right to speak at town hall until the mayor informs the speaker that he answers to me.
Uncle Gets Kicked Out, His Revenge
Tell me "I don't need your help" and then ask me for help? Eff Ewe
Petty revenge on my shitty realty company
I need to be first!
Don't mess with my truck
This long line of cars is all because of you
Man sues woman for $17.31 after she texts throughout date, leaves him at theater
How we scare the sh@t out of a trust passer
Like Excluding people? Get excluded.
Flip me off for your mistake? Enjoy the red light.
Playing the long game
When a motorist needs some cooling off.
This Book Is Full of Great Ideas for Petty Revenge
Help! Insurance fraud/theft attempt
Asshole driver
My colleague just now:
Let your off leash dogs terrorize mine? Enjoy waking up at 6am every day.
Signing up on website
Girl cuts me in line so I cut her &amp; her friends
Revenge is my game
Maybe next time, don’t almost hit my dog with your shopping cart.
I hope you like your smelly, wet clothes.
Pissing off piano teachers
I know I'm an ass-hole, but I couldn't help it.
Park like an asshole? Okay then...
Sod delivery.
Enjoy your wake up, boys.
Your bag, however nice, does not require its own seat on the bus.
Public Parking cannot be Reserved
Trespass and suffer the consequences
I'm sorry the water was too cold
You want to be served next? Sure thing!!
The nerve...Trump bullying people on their physical attributes. I mean...look at him!
Won’t give me the sweets for doing shit for you ,fine I’ll be petty
I hope this annoys my ex wife
Honor student dishonors herself
Don't be an asshole to your kids/step-kids.
Got my own against a crazy little snot in Navy Basic Training
That's bad like really BAD
My friend ditches me and I mess around with him.
Don't be such a brat
The Case of The Missing Liverwurst .. or .. Why you don’t mess with the quiet kid in the corner!
Teacher tries to make an example out of me...and fails...I think
My brother gets all the attention, want some breakfast?
Scream at me because of my dog, you get poop on your walkway.
Car in the wrong lane cut me off and almost caused an accident so I followed them home and threw a brick through their window a week later
Cocky and stuck up temp taken down in office
Here's your order, you miserable old buzzard
Don't ever call me a liar.
Noisy morning petty revenge
Play gospel when you’re not there then threaten me? Blocked access!
Okay then, hope you like poop
Some dude made a terrorist joke on a bus, I turned it on him in a way he never expected...
Gonna be a loud neighbor? Well I hope you like beans.
I no write English well? You no teach English good.
Back out of a deal, two can play that game.
So Was It As Good For You?
Bus Driver Revenge
What are some good insults I can throw at my friends ex shitty boss?
Scratch me, and get your drink ruined.
You in a hurry? Fuck you
Sweet Scent of Revenge
Hanki uusi iPhone XR!
Sure, I'll clean that for you.
Use whole bike rack and tell me to go fuck myself? Have fun walking.
That guy does it right
Coworker wouldn't let me purchase an item he wanted, well, he won't have it either
"Some one just rammed through the barrier of your not-a-24h-parking lot. So, I Guess it *IS* a 24h parking lot."
I'm getting sweet revenge on whoever stole my phone by writing the number everywhere asking for gay sex.
Petty period
You can wait to pee. Wait. Longer.
Friend ditched me on NYE. I fucked his ex he still has feelings for
Noisy students vs. my mother
Bama fans lose at half time
Petty revenge in the making? What should I tell the guy who is trying to scam me into wiring him $1000?
UPDATE: Call the police on me? Have your car towed.
You're gonna regret that
Don't Pass Traffic In The Shoulder
talk bad about me,spread rumors???? Ha! Have fun getting embarrassed in front of everyone
UPDATE: Keep me up at night with your obnoxious attitude? Well that's fine, I'll just keep you up in the morning!
Complain to HR? I’ll automate your job.
Flip me off? I'll drown you in gay porn
Steal my Garfield comic? Revenge is coming.If you roll your eyes at me I will destroy you slowly
I called my college friends "pussies" about visiting a nudist resort. They used the opportunity for revenge.
Nag me all you want. I'll install the printer in my own time, thank you!
Just cause you have a pickup truck does not mean you own the highway.
Don't like to use a bin less than 5 ft from your car - OK then
Enjoy looking for your films on Netflix
Tailgate me and flash your high beams? Enjoy your speeding ticket!
Sisters binder revenge
Pokemon thieves never prosper
don’t clean up after yourself? enjoy watching me eat some cookies
Don't be hateful anywhere near me.
"I'm gonna call the cops on you"
Never did I think I would be able to post here, but it finally happened!!
You steal my pen I steal yours
You wanna be an asshole over one business card? Let me destroy the rest
Today I finally snapped and now I’m the psycho wife
Don't crack my crackers
Spit in the food that you made me? Watch me throw the food out.
Xbox Developer gets banned after wrongly banning me.
Sister tried to paint my nails in my sleep. So I scared the crap out of her
(Update) I just got a letter from my old job
Special delivery! It's petty revenge.
Make fun of my Giants gear, get Giants symbols on your replacement parts.
She who grabs the bacon
Sure, I’ll take your shift
Refuse to acknowledge my existence? Prepare to be reminded incessantly!
One less fork to polish.
Friend at school was horrible to me so I...
You won’t let me pass during traffic? Well two can play the same game
Entitled Karen doesn't follow her own rules xD
Cut my loud neighbors power. Oh yes.
Subverting the railroad pamphlets
Massive Refactoring for a Massive Douche — A Study in Code Obfuscation 🤓
I can't hear you!!
Gossip Girl Spoiler Revenge
glass is hard to clean.
Tiny revenge, but satisfying
I cupped my fart in my hand and threw it in my cat's face. Definitely woke him up.
Stupid Old Man Accuses Me Of Contaminating Glass With Corona
Bully me? Prepare for a terrible life.
Talk shit about me to your friend? Lose your weed abd your TV
Enjoy your ad-hoc trip to Urban Outfitters.
You wanna make some noise at 3am huh? Two can play that game.
My brother's tale of how he dealt with an annoying roommate called "ham"
Have parties and let your kid run rampant?
Smacking pie in the face of a classmate I hated
Enjoy your "GAINZ"!
Cut me off once, shame on you...
I beat a Craigslist scammer at their own game yesterday
Keep me awake at night and I'll see your early demise
As you wish
That'll teach you to park properly
Lights out.
Don't dish it out if you can't take it.
What happens to when you think you're the manager
Petty revenge found on Facebook
You're so gross, and now the whole building knows!
Take your meds.. PLEASE
Eat it, Trucknutz.
Revenge on fussy toddler
Here's your used condom back
Phone Pettyquette
Have fun finding your clothes.
Found videos of my ex having sex with other girls on my laptop, need revenge tactics ASAP.
School project
I like to turn off my sisters PS4 mid game because she did it to me
Throw trash out the window and drive stupidly? Get to your destination slightly later.
Don't invite me out with the rest of the department? Fine. I'll crush your holiday at work.
i used to work at a body shop
Have an attitude because you don't want to answer my questions? No change for you.
My neighbor is a grumpy sh*t who thinks he owns the street in front of his house.
Not happy that I merged into your lane in front of you? Why don't you do that to me too.
Mess with myself or my friends and i will ruin your reputation...from r/prorevenge
You be mean to my friend I’ll scare you into a detention
I hope you are not allergic to onions.
I don’t want to toot my own horn but
You like it hot?
Repeated petty revenge
Yes, please be assholes, I only live above you. Oh and, no, we will wait to fix stuff deemed not an "emergency" during this pandemic.
Please don't come in minutes before closing
This got removed from Pro Revenge for being too petty and not pro
Something smells fishy....
Sweet, sweet revenge in a college laundry room
Revenge On My Mother. She Never Knew it Was ME Responsible For The CLINK
Your sister scrubs my toilets
Keeping my mother up all night
Seat hogging? Get jogging.
Roommate kicks me out for 2 girls to move in. They might need some new supplies.
Mom doesn't believe her daughter - ends up hospitalized
Turn off your high beams!
spam my feed... enjoy your account freeze.
Enjoy waiting for your bus, dork.
You "forgot" to relieve the other soldier from guard duty? Uh-huh.
Steal my bike once, shame on me... steal my bike twice...
Mess with my friend? Receive unrelenting hellfire of eggs and dye for the next 3 years.
Petty bully coins me
Wasting school ink after annoying teacher
Thanks for the tip
Pick on the quiet students? we get you blacklisted.
Share your saliva? Have some of mine
When I have to deal with companies I don't like I Google them and click the ad.
Dirty pillows
Petty Pennies
Keeping it cool
Hope the door hits ya where the good lord split ya!
Maddox perpetrates the ultimate petty revenge on Dubai.
Make fun of my parking? I'll make you sad on Valentine's Day
Prank call this number
College Basketball wall mates are consistently rude jerks which lead to me accidentally risking their scholarships
I made a subreddit that combines all revenge stories in one place so you can have an easier time browsing without switching subs.
I thought you might be cold.
Parking too expensive, so take all my money!
Unexpected karma for my mean managers
Melted keyboard
I work for family that occasionally like to treat me like shit. Due to their belief they own me 24/7, when we argue while I'm working, I carry the fuck on billing for that hour.
Justice served, ice cold
Pokemon. Card Karma
My brother has tortured me for years.
Neighbors refuse to throw out notifications!
Got a Telemarketer...
Give me the dog you treated like shit, then want him back to breed him? Sure. Come and get him!
Maybe your 22 year-old son should work harder.
That's a burn
To see the look on her chubby face...
Talking crap? Enjoy all those sexual toy recommendations
Long Term Petty Revenge...
My roommate made me miss my final so I wiped my dirty butt on her jacket
Heavy Lifting
Pop pop, motherfucker!
A brat gets a taste of his own medicine
Free plants
What's better then forking a yard? Toileting it!
Leaked
A revenge on one of our customers at a restaurant.
“You need to lose some weight”
A rude customer forgot to finish paying...
You knew the terms of the drug war. Actions have consequences. You have made a huge mistake.
‘‘Tis the season to be jolly they say
This is petty revenge and entitled parents so give me hate lol
Be asshole construction workers? Enjoy my dog's shit.
Act like an asshole, I'll make your pen smell like an asshole.
MFWTK A great practical joke he can play on his boss (who has a great sense of humor) that is staying in the hotel room across from his.
Sucky Disney World People
Petty revenge for an ex fwb
Monopoly Revenge
I was raped and got pregnant as a result
Don't park in my driveway (2 incidents)
That is MY chair
And then there was corn!
Cheat on me? Well, have fun not hooking up!
My Dads Revenge
Completely ignore my request? Okay then.
Cute Clever Dogs Tiktok Compilation - Lovely Puppies and Dogs
Want to pick fights? Enjoy your birthday message
I spent years rolling over, letting my roommate have his way. Now, he's finally going to get what's coming to him.
SHE TOOK THE HOUSE, THE DOG AND 400k BUT I STILL CONTROL THE THERMOSTAT
Be Respectful At The Local Skate Park
Petty revenge leads to a full blown meltdown
Threaten me with an F? I'll sell your CoD
The elevators are located straight across the hallway
Entitled tourist gets shut down
Badly behaved brother gets bad breath
Red red period head.
Trash talker talks trash behind my back and I get my revenge
Put video of my yard on FB? Enjoy the leaves
Instant recline? Have some light
My roommate thought it would be funny to rub a cat on my pillow being that I am allergic. I got tons of sweet disgusting revenge.
I don’t want your hush money, but I know someone who does.
the keys.
Ruined a Lady's a day before Christmas Eve
Petty revenge on soon to be ex-husband
If you're rude and treat me like a slave, I will ruin your banquet...
I was fed up with the "service" from one of the few options for internet service so we canceled our account. They wanted me to return the router(that we never ordered)
Small Things Are Some Times The Sweetest
Upstairs neighbor’s boyfriend gets in a screaming match at 3 am with her and wakes me up. He insults her. He must suffer.
My neighbouring country is rather petty
Laid off? Fine I'm taking the office water with me.
Don't steal my garbage lid
Impatient driver is impatient
"Goat, Free to good home, bought lawnmower, don't need no more!"
You put your feet on my side of the aisle? Hope you like a red face!
Kind of a smaller one.
*Insert the Pulp Fiction Ketchup Joke* (also tl;dr)
Sure, go ahead and leave your slippers where ever.
You abandon your dog and want him back after I trained and took care of him? Have fun trying to get him to listen to you!
Be a dick, I won’t capitalise your name!
Not today Satan
I️ hope you’re not in any rush.
Woman gets called fat, so buys all cupcakes at a bakery
Rude Neighbour speaks to me like shit? Enjoy the parking.
Make me miss work? I’ll ruin your favorite show for you
Yapping dogs ALL night
Nasty Suite-Mates
Ditch me? I'll let you sleep with spiders.Cut in front of me at the grocery store? Good luck with that!
tappa tappa tappa
The man who replaced me at my last job has been trying to tarnish my legacy, so in return I slept with his wife and children
"You should follow me cause I'm your elder!"
Double park and take my favorite spot?
Have fun getting your handbag out from under my ass
Just another Parking story
Stinky Dad Prank
I've been getting relentless amounts of mail from 3 of the previous residents of my house for the past 8 months. Post office and mailman refuse to work with me.
what should I do with a hackers email?
Dancing on the Roof. (crosspost from AITA)
Dont fuck with my autistic brother
Bully me in high school? Enjoy your ban off Snapchat.
Sauna
Steal my lawnchairs? I’m coming back for them...
My cousin was an asshole, so I got her back for it.
Some great unintentional revenge
I am the darkness
A six month campaign of pettyness
Don't stop in to see your girlfriend? Go search for your page.
That one time I sent my neighbor to jail.
Two kinds of dishes (x-post from /r/ProRevenge
Perfect stereotype of rude, entitled person cuts in line; waits a lot longer.
try to not help set the table...
My friend begs me for overpriced cookies everyday for nearly 5 months, so I tell him to pay me back
Hold the Mayo
Screenshot Madness
“Thank God I didn’t get it”
Working the night shift earned a win for my parents!
My brother owes me money
The best part of wearing thongs...
Decaf for days
Don't Move? I'll Crop Dust You
Packed tube revenge
$25.00 retail value
Bought puppy that died, seller knew lot was sick and refused to take my calls after I spent $1K in vet bills.
Need ideas to get revenge!
How I cost a Pepsi stealing asshole $80
Santa revenge
I retook my ps4 back
My brother didn't let me sleep yesterday
I'm the snitch your mother warned you about
I'll make you five seconds late because of your excessive honking!
Rude customer gets his attitude back
Chocolate Laxitives
Want to be a b*tch? Enjoy your scrambled buckets.
The lane ends, asshole.
Simple yet effective
Be a little snot and ditch visiting your dad......no fun for you then !
Jerk didn't understand the concept of alternate merging in a packed after concert parking lot
Taught a bully a lesson, once at a summer camp, for picking on another kid
Road karma's a bitch
Road revenge
Corona classic - I’m in no hurry!
Jeep man is MAD about parking
Close enough to a revenge
No legos for you
Youre in the wrong bathroom!
Sleazy real estate developer fraudulently nickles and dimes, Mom helps to drive final nail into coffin
Thief for a thief
This worked out in my favor
You want to play hardball? Then by all means, let's play hardball.
Beautiful Frog Photos by macro-photographer Wil Mijer – Fresh life style
Petty Revenge on Bus *this really happened*
So you want to berate me in front of customers who are waiting for you to hurry up? Good luck finding those items you wanted me to put on hold (-:
How I got revenge on the power hungry college student who wouldn't let me get my forgotten ID.
Old man don't want let me through...so I pushed him.
Fuck Taco Bell
I was “that bitch” in the dorm hall
Not salty enough eh?
Office revenge
She was an old friend and she was a bitch,so I messed with her computer.
Don't piss off the leasing agent
Oh... I don't have a ring? Will you marry me?
Can’t be an adult? Enjoy child’s play.
Teacher 1 - Student 0
No cuddling? Good luck finding your pillow.
Tailgating me? Too bad.
Was helping my brother to move his bed and remembered something..
Going to complain about me doing more work? Fine, I'll stop.
Glitter bombs are always the answer
How a friend embarrassed her old employer
Please stop making Life a competition.
Work me until I end up in hospital? I quit and I'm taking the nuggets.
Let me go for asking for a raise? Say good bye to almost $100,000 in sales!
Relentless bully who steals our stuff is tricked into eating a chocolate covered dog turd
The Ping Pong Ball
I don't think he liked it
Bother my landlord, enjoy your mail and yard signs
Have you ever been so petty that you tried to dismantle Switzerland as a sovereign nation? General Gaddafi has.
Oh that was your iPhone that fell out of your pocket? Oops
A Child's Revenge (x-post r/funny)
ironía
You want to be a verbal abuser? Dont complain when things don't go your way.
Don't honk, don't tailgate.
Damn kids and their access to the world's largest hub of information...
You won’t let me play? Fine.
My teacher's payback
I am hiding my DH’s shoes.
In through the out door?
Ride my bumper while driving through a construction zone 4 days in a row? Enjoy a reckless driving ticket.
A tale of petty revenge at the Borderlands 2 midnight release
Gave my bestfriend what she deserves
Family takes trash to my house
Coffee Shop Pettiness
You sure you wanna do that? You know what, fine. Go ahead and ruin your finances and credit.
Guy sitting on our seat gets thrown out with vomit all over him.
Got Written up at work, Yet so worth it
Concert Swooper and the Battle of Discomfort
Best ways to get indirectly push someone’s buttons?
Stinky Shoes
Be an asshole at the movies? I'm not obligated to be nice to you.
No lunch for me? No fun activities for you.
The pettiest revenge on a loud neighbor.
Someone spoild endgame for me
Dont think I chage out the water jug? Fine Ill prove it.
Simulated death on the highway.
Cat tailed revenge
Thats not my responsibility.
Petty revenge on my 8 year old niece
Walk in front of me slow, get french fries in you backpack
No campfires in the house? Okay
MIL’s unbearable best friendYessirreee, I can follow directions!
No fury like that of a brother annoyed...
do NOT mess with the Big farmer
Help!
The long con (revenge)
It was worth it
Made a rude coworker feel old
Hide and Seek, Sucker
Fellow Upstanding Citizen reminds me to be a safe driver
Cut me off? Miss out on me paying for your bill
Short wife revenge on a tall husband
Breaker breaker 911 we have a problem
Clean up after your pets
You have "places to be"? Not with that boarding pass you won't.
Won’t let me take maths. I’ll ruin your meeting
Entitled Bitch gets to experience not getting everything she wants.
Dealing with disruptive students
I can just be a girl? Yea, no
Totally fucked over my Nana
Girl made me hate eggplants for nearly 20 years. When I met her again by chance, I made her life a tiny bit more miserable than it already was.
Don't litter around me.
Trashy Customer Doesn't Pay for Meal
Petty revenge on an inconsiderate customer
I do you a favor and you’re rude? You’ll never get your sandwich again.
Hurricane was pretty rough, on just your car
I have BEEFs with 4 STRAIGHT (ex-friends) guys (I'm gay) and I reported their social accounts so they got suspended
You spoiled Avengers for me. I spoiled GoT for you. Fuck you!! - No spoilers
Ill hide your remote then.
You want the rose? You have to take the thorns.
Hashtag WatchUsDeliver
Neighbor antagonized me all year, so I (quite literally) gave him a taste of his own medicine
She broke my stuff so I transferred her Pokemon.
Throw out my muffin? Lose your coffee cups!
Skate me on a deal? We'll see how that goes...
Parking Spot Revenge
"Thank you for everything you did for me during my time as your student."
Less respect for me? Less quality for you! (X-Post from TalesFromTechSupport)
Professor gets what's coming.
A Two-Faced Friend &amp; One Dark Irony
Threaten me, have a loogie.
Tell me to fuck off when I'm trying to help you? No help for you!
My neighbors are annoying cunts.
The great mustard revenge
Fake charity bag surprise
Throw an egg at me? Enjoy being banned from the labyrinth!
Enjoy your pizza, bitch.
Sell me broken items? Okay, I'll do the same to you.
Want to torture van dwellers??? Ok I got u
My genius little brother's petty revenge
Feathered Friends in High Places
You wanted it inside, didn't you?constantly block my view of the concert? enjoy working that much harder to get your beers.
Obnoxious Alarm Clock
Someone help me take revenge on my brother.. please!!
Multiple Revenges: Barracks
My SIL learned to do her laundry
Make my journey home uncomfortable, I’ll make yours even worse.
Don't make fun of the cooks English
My teacher is annoyed that i am not perfect so i make her look dumb
You're not a simp? Neither am I.
I took his shoes
If you act like an asshole, you're gonna regret it.
Sister abuses me until one day red fluid comes out making her realize she is a horrible person
Tales of Delicious Revenge from a Recovering Retail Worker
Petty revenge against an ex who cheated on his current with me.
Mod a subreddit that only allow views and opinions like your own? Go fuck yourself r/toledo!
Brother locks cat in room, he poops in it.
Won't pack up my skates? Have fun cleaning up after me!!
Revenge Request: Car dealer keeps taking up limited parking spots with cars
If you take away my sleep I take away your internet.
Dad/Daughter tag team petty revenge
Stop serving Burgers on chopping boards...
Maybe I punched too hard
Hope the free thai food was worth it...
Fine, you bring them down. (Extremely petty)
Looks like Jenny Mollen (Jason Biggs's wife), didn't get invited to join that sorority back in college.
Concert pet peeve
Petty Revenge on Basic White Bitch
I pretended to be a big developer's director, to get pretty revenge on rude white trash.
You want me to count $300 of coins, sure I'll do that
Revenge on manager
A nice breeze it is
I piped my ex-gf's best friend who also happened to be my ex-best friend's gf.
The Jerk Tax
My toilet paper is being stolen and I need revenge.
Break my heart? Time for Revenge!
In Line at the Grocery Store
Enjoy grading my exam
Revenge on the house sitter
Try and ruin my career? I'll ruin your self-esteem.
Maid of Petty
The Toll Brothers House From Hell - Could it be any worse?
Want to laugh at me? Let me school you.
I was sacked from my work post and well....
Weed dealer tries to rip me off, ends up giving me virtually free weed.
Tip: we should all collectively change our passwords right now.
Assholes at some random Chinese place
Homophobes Are Easy Targets
My petty revenge against nature.
Hammer Hijinks
She never figured it out.
Use me as a middleman?
My Ex-Gf can't listen to her favorite radio station anymore
Family tells me I am not worthy of their name I change it.
Too "busy" hey? WELL NOT ANYMORE!
Country Club Tales: "Splitting Tips: A Tale of Sweet Revenge" (X-post from r/talesfromretail)
Make a little girl with downs syndrome cry will you?!
Bug revenge.
Afraid Ill steal soda?
Be salty about me getting a role, we’ll have fun getting your role taken.
Honk like a crazy person? Prepare to wait!
Want to accuse me of spam? Have fun with nobody to talk to.
Don't be a dick at a show or you might end up with a face full of armpit.
Blames me for everything? Get my saliva covered balloon
just shut up, karen. and stop yelling at my daughter!
Get your hands off me!
What do you do when you get phone calls from scammers?
Shit on my dreams? Allow me to shit on yours.
Next time, let him use the phone
The job BT cost me tried to make life difficult, so I showed them I could do that too.
The guy who drove you, is the guy who won't be picking you up.
Ruined a man's night for ruining the only time I had with an old friend.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY FRAUDSTER CASE vs HOME DEPOT DISMISSED BY SUPREME COURT JUDGE
Guy in crowded lot parked in two spaces. Revenge tasted so sweet.
Be nice to call center workers.
Got even w/cheating wife
Enjoy your dead orchids
Revenge of the chipmunks
Keep your brights on? Enjoy the traffic!
Don't want to follow the rules of society? Let's go.
Lie about fixing the utilities? I'll fix them myself!
Move in and think you own the place? Nuh uh.
Never kick my dog or I will enact some petty revenge
Late to work? Let me help you.
Leave dead goldfish in a communal bathroom? What did you think was going to happen?
Very petty but it makes me feel better
Get your free beer here!
When doing nothing can be the best revenge of all
Pick on me because I always treat elders with respect? I'll show you petty Southern justice.
Neighbour gets his just desserts...
Jones sends her regards
People who don't wash their hands after using the bathroom
Craigslist low ballers
Job accused me of lying, so i got revenge
I finally got "That Call" this morning...
Guy spoiled my favorite game so I'm gonna spoil something big for him
Boss doesn't need help, asks for help, decide not to help her (xpost from /r/IDon'tWorkHereLady)
Call me names and spend more time in the penalty box
"The Unshoveled" - Guy who refuses to shovel, gets snowed.
Deliberately take up two parking spaces in a crowded lot? Enjoy driving home sticky.
Be rude? I'll make you fail physics.
Short and sweet petty parking lot justice. (x-post from r/justiceporn)
Revenge on older brother
Try to Get me lost and ditch me in the woods? Have fun fighting each other ♡ BTW I got dirt on you.
Yes, I'd like fries with that
Keep turning the microwave to defrost and forgetting to turn it back, two can play at that game bitch
Asshloles in traffic got stung
Use my mouthwash? Enjoy rinsing your mouth with my spit.
Petty Revenge Gone Wrong
Don’t assume people are stupid just because they don’t study the same major that you do
Double parked at a movie theater
but I don't WANT you to be my roommate!!
New neighbor lacking courtesy
Job Karen drives me out of my job, kills her own chances of getting back into hers.
Asparagus is my secret weapon
Business launched to spite real estate agents.
Petty revenge in the making, looking for feedback.
You wake me up.... I wake you up
I hope you bump your shin on a wheelbarrow
Revenge is best served cold...with Kevin Spacey.
The Asshole Discount (x-post r/assholetax)
Enjoy your plus size clothing catalogs
Using iPhone's 'AutoCorrect' feature like a boss!
Don't ruin my evening shower
Why do we give men like this recognition?
The Act of Decaf-ing
Try to cheat me out of my pay? Welcome to prison.
Classmate got a warning letter for being an ass.
Dad woke me up late at night on purpose, so I had ice thrown an him.
How to open a door.
I learned to make better chicken adobo than my sister out of spite.
I caught my neighbor stealing from my yard!
The Table Gum Story
I gave them their mice back.
I'm not paying for your stuff anymore
Egg my house? How about a suspension?
Don't Cheat in a Small Town
Leave your carts in the corral.
My short and sweet pettiness.
Still happy, de(spit)e you!
I'll show you what a stupid fucking cunt really is
The j*** who wanted complete silence in metro
Don't Try to Kick Me
ex-roomate won’t return money owed to me
Dads colleague has enough of being phoned by conservatory companies, so gets petty!
Waste my time. Ill waste yours too. Part 2.
If you want to act like a child, so can I
FWB (F 22) Petty Revenge
Mean bus driver gets his comeuppance
Petty "accident". Oops!
You should really mind your own damn business
If I can't have them, no one can
Accidental Revenge on the worst boss of my life
Group Project “BOSS”
One of my roommates keeps stealing all my stuff, so I put Nair in my shampoo. (Update)
brother stole my charger so I did something worse
Swearing at me? Nickname for you.
Lie about your rank to an actual higher up? Enjoy your new neighborhood nickname.
How to question on sending messages from accounts without being in them?
Revenge on the Church Thief
Oh did you want that last piece of cake? Maybe you shouldn't have taken my car away
Flatmate is left hung out to dry after prematurely removing my laundry from the tumble dryer.
LinkedIn bought my favorite news app and destroyed it.
Take that, Dad.
All good things come to those who wait 😈
Wait your turn shithead
Steal my water bottle get it tipped on your head
Not exactly a nice thing to do but the guy called the cops on us.
annoy me, and you lose your internet
Try to drive for me? I think not.
Provoke me, and I will make you thank me for your inconvenience.
Petty revenge on petlandlord
Where do I find a glitterbomb that looks like an Amazon package
Insult me in a different language? You have a nice surprise waiting for you
Bully my friend and destroy my discord server? Enjoy your ban!
The Fluffy Avenger
1st Post Ever ASHTRAY THIEF
Finals week revenge in the library.
Roommate's friend steals money from my wallet, so I took it back.
Spill soda on my seat? Enjoy your show
No, no. I don't think we'll be using THAT kind of language here.
And if you call now...
Karen bad-mouths my brother's team in a hockey tournament, my friend and I get revenge.
Give my kid a whistle and I'll give yours candy.
Try to run me over!
Dont think listening to me is important? Hope you like vinegar in your smoothie!
Make my job harder? I'll make your lozenges taste like your own sweaty condoms.
Tinder Sociopath
At first I felt a little guilty...
No need for a revenge story, it's all on motherless...
The road bully - sort of
I hope you like tractors and Bibles.
Don't follow the rules? Good luck leaving the parking lot
Don’t throw popcorn.
Where's the lamp
Park in two spaces? Enjoy waiting to get back in your car!
someone help me!!
Library Pettiness
Forget you set the phone down? Im happy to tie up your restaurants only line all friday afternoon. (Ongoing.)
New laptop for me
Constantly stiff my delivery drivers and complain about the food. Enjoy your $4 delivery charge.
I posted this in proRevenge but it was removed since it’s more petty revengehe stole my doritos, I broke him
Pre-Black Friday lols
Dirty Straw Revenge
Revenge by spitting in a donut
How to rid religious door knockers in one easy trick
Stop in the middle of our route to eat a sandwich?
Who would win: a TSA agent or a GoPro?
Won't do your part? Fine. We'll do it. Goodbye.
Salty customer
Samson the bum
Spend all day ignoring your grieving family members? I'll make you poop your pants.
War of the Neighbors
The teacher I loved got the teacher I hate fired.
Your cat deserves better
Type 2 Cheapskate
If you're an asshole to me on the interstate, I'll be a bigger asshole in return
Fine! Don't say Thank You after I open the door for you..
Enjoy having more trays!
Watch out for nails!
I quit my job... and got an ENTIRE hotel shut down.
My aunt and uncle are racist. so we rent our apartment to foreigners.
Old man farts
I Bought All His Things and Then I Took it Back
Poetic road justice.
Smoker and my pretty revenge
Bitchy boss gets no dinner
I paid for this book it’s mine!
You cut my fence line instead of going around to the gates or calling to ask how to get back there... you get to fix the fence and then test it to ensure correct repair.
Dad's Dog Doo Dilemma
The tale of Dogboy
My mom flicked me in the face
Dance up on me? Vomit for you.
Principal gets it!
Guess you shouldn’t have fired the French teacher
Worse than the silent treatment
Fracture my leg, I'll break yours
Do people really race anymore?
Kill our dog with your car. We destroy your car.
“Ight I’m out.”
Red Truck Guy
Average revenge (srry)
I'll put my mug wherever i damn well please!
Be angry for something I didn't do? Have a nice surprise opening your soda cans.
bullies SUCK
I had to bring out my inner Karen to be able to park within 2 miles of my own apartment
Cat knocked my keys into the trash.
I have upstairs neighbours who annoy me personally 24/7 with petty repetition zombie bullying, they never get out of the house, any gadjet to make them unglue from me?
Kick me off phone plan? Have a fat data bill
Just a nice hot shower
Here, have a parking ticket!
My mom's "friend" was a jerk so I made her walk home without shoes.
Old friend is all wet.
And she never bugged me about it again
Girl annoyed me when I was little, so I got the dog on her
Steal my book? I'll make you go "Uck!"
Bagel Revenge
Got revenge on a bully
The most petty revenge on my spoiled little brother.
Reddit's petty revenge
Talk over my gf, enjoy the spoiler
I was a hard worker for someone who hardly worked
You shouldn't cut the line of a maniac
Used a robo-call to prank my Mom, and it snowballed
Threaten to tow my car?!
Cheesecake could have been better.
Sure, I'll do the dishes.
It took half an hour to scrub the residue offA little petty revenge on Rash Hashanah
Take My Books, Meet My Dad
They changed the underground routes
Not a story but more of a question to the sub
Reddit: I live with my land lord and he is a CRAZY fuck.... any petty revenge suggestions that won't lead back to me?
Wait till I get home to shower every day? Have fun with a cold ass shower.
Request: Where can I get a shitload of flowers for cheap?
You Won't Check My Shoes for Spiders? Guess You Should Check Yours too!
Live Revenge: Text my wife about sex? Masturbate to my balls
Bobcat Backlash
Don't Want To Follow the Rules? Go Home.
Make my return a pain in the ass? Feel my wrath.
Have fun, wish I could have seen it
Girlfriend attempts to limit my beer consumption. I make her change her mind
Refuse to pay for internet because I use it for work? Hope you enjoy your dial up speeds
My story of Pubes the horrible roommate.
Bleached my hair, so I bleached his car.
I accidentally got the best petty revenge
Wanna be a dick? Enjoy failing your class.
No, riding my bumper will not encourage me to drive faster...
Dinner is Served!
Cut me in line at Chik Fil A, I will rush you!
Gross Punishment
One cool bus driver.
Petty Revenge Driving Tactics
I don't need headphones. That's a you problem
Not really a story from me but from my brother
Use my words against me and face the wrath of a shedding woman
Lab Rat
Student tries to play videos while failing classes while I record it all
What you want to learn how to say that in Italian?
Unintentional revenge, but I’m pettily enjoying it
UPS misdelivered your packages?
As long as we're just making up names.
You mad, bra?
Premium Snapped
You wanna flex your video game knowledge at my kid, little boy?
No, don't try to get on the subway until people get off.
Your comedian isn't so funny to me at 5:30am.
Math teacher from Hell (X-Post with r/teachertales)
Partner for group work doesn't want to do any work so I don't send them the work so they make a fool out of themselves later.
Teacher treated us like kindergarteners in a college level class
I poured water in your ice maker/dispenser
Want to abuse my hard work? You'll fail an assignment and potentially an entire class
All this fighting over something so small
Revenge whore, quite literally.
Use ziplocks instead of water balloons for field day? Let me show you how stupid that is..
Try to make me fail? I'll show you!
Oh, you can, can you? We'll see about that!
Sneaky revenge prank at a conservative summer camp (Where PRANKS ARE A SIN)
Stole My Package?
Can’t Handle an ADHD person? Then Get out of here
treat me and coworkers like crap? enjoy the loss of your GMO crops
try to get my food yol be sorry
Take my clothes out of the dryer not finished and 25 minutes early? I hope you enjoy your wet clothes.
Bully me for years? Lose your porn magazine
The Worst Roommates I've Ever Had
Get grass on my car? You'd better be prepared for minor inconvenience.
If you’re gonna be racist, don’t leave your property in the hands of the person you’re being racist to
Block the whole road and get mad when I ask you to move? The tables have turned
Not let me shower and try to ruin my trip with your immature jokes? Well, revenge is a dish best served COLD.
Abuse my generosity, will you?
Of Course An Ex Girlfriend One, But...
Non-roommates from hell
Every time I talk with an antivaxxer I donate 20 dollars to UNICEF and vax 100 kids
I was angry at my boyfriend so....
1 load or 2?
pettyrevenge against my brother
Don't steal other people's money, jerk!
My old insurance agent was rude when I switched my car insurance, so my dad moved all of his policies from under him, tooFriend Stole Corgi Name...
I get the last laugh and he potentially learns a lesson
My friends spend the day tormenting me, I ditch them to work on our group assignment by themselves.
Lazy husband sent on fools errand
On the power of words (specifically "no")
I like to delete my co-workers' super-important print jobs because they're just generally rude, and their reaction is hilarious.
I Got this mean girls main fan account banned on Instagram
Pompous Baristas Really Enjoy Their Coffee...
Tell me I’m going to hell? I’ll cum in your bed.
Lie about something I didn't do? Enjoy being a "potty mouth".
Mess up with my work ? Have fun working a 24 hour shift and finding someone else to fill my post
Sibling bickering
Rude ticket inspector gets a taste of her own medicine.
Trying to force me out of a bus seat for nearly an entire year? Have fun trying to enjoy it when I get petty.
Try shame new employee for going to slow. Allow me to delay your checkout further.
Cheat during capture-the-flag? Enjoy your "just desserts."
Student Has Savage Response To Discovering Ex-Boyfriend Still Uses Her Netflix Account
I'm not lock in here with you, you're locked in her with me.
Ooops I spilled my coffee
Maybe, possibly, THIS is why your wife doesn't trust you.
Don't want to get your animals out of my apartment, pay $1500
Leave your dog chained to your front porch? Better pick up after it...
So you won't let me get back to work? Take this
Eye for a Roommates Eye
Revenge against angry rude driver
Amusement park line jumper
Jump forward me in line? Enjoy getting an D
Kid bullies me for a term (of school). I make him fail.
My band teacher's "meet the teacher night"
Finally had enough of my cousin.
My Ex and the pettiness I pulled
Pee flavored toothbrush and cup
Badmouth my best-friends sister will you?
Lemonade revenge
Suspend my friend for no reason? Lose your job and your teaching license.
Roommate leaves used tissues everywhere for other people to pick up...
Drink my gatorade? No, drink my piss
Your wife acting crazy? How about you redo your 200 page proposal?
My Dad is planting mosquitoes to get me to leave
Mess with my food? Have fun sleeping on the floor
Before it gets you in trouble, you know that feature isn't private now.
Follow me to my apartment and demand to know where I live over your one-sided road rage? Enjoy your write-up bitch.
Revenge is just a click away
How to give a wedding present to someone you hate: A lesson in passive-aggression
Don't mess with people who can mess with your food
Rude Karen accuses me of sexual assault on the bus, gets to enjoy a cup full of spit
Gatecrash a charity ride just to add to your top places on Strava ? Not on our watch.
Hurt my back shoving through a plane. Enjoy a face full of hot gaseous air.
I was upset with my boyfriend...
Brother leaves my playstation on
My continuing revenge on subway jerks
Some petty traffic light revenge
Keep pushing your work to my department? Enjoy doing way more work than you have to do!
Pay attention next time
Next time, try asking nicely.
Case of the horrible man-child
Petty revenge at its finest
Cut me in line? Enjoy placing your order.
Don't lie to the guy in HR.
Disconnect my internet, have fun losing it.
“He’s just a child, get over it”
He ruined Star Wars, I spent four years brewing.
Have fun leveling back to max
CEO has egg on his face
forced to move seats? Say goodbye to your friend
Lazy Classmate Gets a Taste of Putting in Effort
Nana and her revenge on the Awful Coworker (AC)
(http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3445555/Irate-homeowner-fed-cheeky-commuters-parking-driveway-blocks-car-TWO-DAYS-tonne-gravel.html?ITO=1490&amp;ns_mchannel=rss&amp;ns_campaign=1490&amp;utm_source=fark&amp;utm_medium=website&amp;utm_content=link)
Use cheats to kill me in a video game because I'm injured and slow? Enjoy redoing the entire level.
Short and sweet petty revenge
Falsely accuse me of making too much noise .. have some real noise
Don't cut the red light.
Don’t tailgate me
Oh, so the currently-being-evicted, triflin-ass neighbor wants to have loud sex next to my 3-year-old's room at 6:30 in the evening?
Don't call my mom's breasts saggy!
Aww, no toilet paper? My house has toilet paper.
You mess with me? I mess with your food.
Admin abuse
How dare you call me that!
Friends mom revenge on her husband!
Be an impatient douche? Lose the last copy of your game.
Google revenge on a builder that overcharged me
Wife, me, and an air mattress
Episode 5: The Customer Service Strikes Back
Make an example out of me? Let me help with that! (long)
Steal my egg? I’ll steal your cigarettes!
I don't like my walls rattling at 2am
I refuse to drink alcohol to scorn my girlfriend's parents.
How i get back at my teacher
No Photo Huh? We'll see what your wife says
Revenge on the Birthday Brat takes the cake.
Sure, I can print your receipt
Shower time!
Neighbour tells me no smoking in the toilette.
Midnight BrewNeighbor parks like an asshat
Don't have time to do your choirs, let me make some time for you!
Racist lady comes into my work, my ex tells her off
Be a shitty boyfriend? Have fun dealing with the police!
Revenge on the early rising cat.
I think I am a victim of petty revenge...
Use an accessible elevator when you can walk up stairs? Get shamed in front of everyone.
I'll show you who picks up after who!
I started a huge fight between my ex-wife and her boyfriend.
Oh, so you like my homemade wine?
Petty Revenge &amp; Karma for the poor, Entitled Baby Pink stripe Mustang!
Calling all petty plotters.  How do you get back at a snorer?
Mom wont let her play in the bathroom sink, daughter gets spiteful.
Enjoy getting ready for work tomorrow
I Drove a Girl to Prostitution
Petty revenge from the boss's son
Badmouth me to the neighbours? Enjoy that Catmint that you love so much!
my neighbor kept pissing off his balcony onto mine so i collected his pee and dumped it on him
My old supervisor asked me to return my key card 3 months after I had been let go from my old job.
Stepsibling level F*cking but it's his wallet that gets f*cked instead
This is so bad.
All I wanted to do was buy a new processor, but both of you had to try and scam me! (Bonus 2 stories in 1!)
You want to take your bed back? Go ahead then, take it.
Neglect my dog? Enjoy your spicy sex toys.
A little revenge for you being cruel? sure ok!
A boss we called Insane Wayne.
She might look young but she is mighty...
Have Fun Showering
How can i get back at someone who steals my style?
Shamed a grabby old man, may have drank pee
Guy lied to me about sleeping with other people without a condom
Drive like an idiot, enjoy the
"What is on the floor belongs to the one who finds it!"
My boss asked me if I was willing to support him in firing a guy for insulting the owners behind their backs (the same guy who gave me a really hard time in the past). What would you do in my position? (
Oh, you thought you could get away with repeatedly stealing my liquor, did you?
Epic gamer moment???
Turn off my lane, you're in it deep
Petty revenge mixed with some malicious compliance 😏
My best friend got some good Petty Revenge on my abuser on my behalf
Parked over the line, you get a ticket
don't screw with my friends
My nextdoor neighbor (Professional American Football Player) bass rocked my room all night. I helped make him become the #1 news story on local 10 o'clock news
You wanna dump me? Have fun with your useless vibrator then.
You deserved loneliness
Aways putting me down? Let me give you taste of your own medicine
Don't fuck with maintenanceDriver picks the music. Snot-nosed children shut their cakeholes.
Douche Asshat finds revenge can petty at the DMV.
Tailgating gets you nowhere
Canadians take there line ups seriously
Reject my request for 2 hours sick leave?
want me to pay asap and wont stop bothering me? ok. have fun counting!
Help me plane petty revenge for a doctor that performed unnecessary painful surgeries!
Take my money and talk shit? I’ll take your man.
Shame me for my mental health? Careful, this depressed bitch is also a petty bitch.
Pull my hair? Have some
Gucci bags
Hack my Spotify? Hope you enjoy gay cowboys!
Hack my Spotify? Enjoy the music selection!
Sold a shitty 'friend' concert tickets. Ignores my messages for 8 weeks so I called his mom.
/u/screaminginfidels pranks a friend
Oh, I’ll dig your trench for you, sir, no problem
Getting my stolen bike back
Egg my house? Enjoy the surprise I left on your windshield.
Don't mess with people from tech support
Revenge on mean housemates
My boss was too 'hands on', so my cat sorted him out for me.
No pictures in the museum
My dad stopped my from watching rslash so I just pissed him off
Enjoy
I am such a petty person
Nothing is better than having someone acknowledging your petty revenge!
Only you can prevent forest fires...
Petty revenge on my weenie dog.
I sent my ex a double-rainbow cockslap from dicksprinkles
Sweet Gooey Liquid-Squirts In Your Mouth....
Bully my girlfriend at work? Good luck getting hired at my company.
Destroying an raper in among us
Refuse to make my job a bit easier? I'll ruin every morning.
You dare not let me infiltrate your privacy? I'm going to abuse the system and report you!
That'll teach you, smug prick
hope you like moist beans
My Yorkie exacted my petty revenge..
Take my spot? Enjoy being minorly inconvenienced.
Coffee more on the pale side of brown
Petty roommate beat as his own game
Won't let me pass? Enjoy my bright lights as I spin out of control, bitches!
My brother didnt leave me any cocopops this morning, so I "forgot" to bless him when he sneezed.
Return Your Shopping Cart
Rude on the phone? I'll make you drive 40 minutes in heavy traffic for no reason.
Cadbury Egg.
Sure I'll let you know when Dad's home
Treat me like shit? Fine.
Misplaced bravado
Go around! No? Well ok then.
Simple and sweet revenge at the dealership
Roommate (somewhat gross) trash revenge
Strand me in the middle of the night? Get seriously cock-blocked.
Learn to Spell
Leaving my job and taking all the job related documents
Kid steals my car and I steal his right back.
Don't be a dick or I'll play mind games with you.
So, I used to work at a swimming pool...
Revenge against lying to and betraying a loyal customer.
Wanna be shitty friends? No concert for you!
Got a girl back who kept pranking me
Dump your leaves into my yard? Enjoy.
My MIL referred to me as a Bruja {Witch} behind my back.
I get my bully a face full of paper.
Still don't know how he and his girlfriend got back to their car, how wet they got, or what the owner had to say.
Man barged me out the way, ended up waiting longer for it
Insult me? I'll take $100.
A woman let her dog shit on the airport floor. So I shit on her plans.
The WORST Drummer EVER. Or not?
Dont want to help out around the house? Enjoy balls in your mouth.
Some good old petty revenge between sisters
After cheating on me, took my cooking stuff and my bathroom stuff with her, knowing that I can't afford to buy new ones this month. This is what I came home to today. Thank you, mom and dad! Fuck you, cheating bitch!No orbs for you!
Fancy toast
A Paid Break: Courtesy (or the lack thereof) of a Customer
Dont let me go to the medical room? Enjoy cleaning up vomit!
King for a Day!
My Mother Makes A School Panic for Two Hours
Dickhead Mercedes driver takes two sparking spaces in a full lot...
My downstairs neighbor blared music at 5am, and since he sleeps during the day, I decided to thank him while HE sleeps...
Abusive Ex-Fiancé
The Anti-Boomerang
My dad is having revenge
petty revenge at a concert
Litterer Busted
minecraft scammer? karma said hi
The Ding Dong D*ckheads
ex gf stops paying on and using her contracted line on my cell phone account without telling me
Use Me For Sex Me and My Boyfriend Will Burn Your Shit
I want to speak to your manager!
Rainbows everywhere!
A clash of cultures at one end of the world.
Boss was rude, I get revenge for a team mate.
Take advantage of the new guy, enjoy the results.
Road-raging neighbor draws a gun, wyd?
Don't be fucking rude to my coworkers, lady
My entire group does nothing for a week then tries to copy everything I've done on presentation day.
Nice Nose You've Got There
dye them pink
Steal my food? Hope you like the taste of my "special sauce" NSFW
Buy weed on debt, don't pay me back? You won't be getting any of the jackpot!
Call me a thief and I'll make sure you don't have a place to sleep
Cut in line? Hope you don‘t mind wasting time then.
Here's what happens when you room with a petty dicknose.
Drink My Soda And Brag About It? Have Fun Driving Home
I think I out-Karened the Karen
I'm a sick high school debater
I fart in your general direction!
Lemme Tell You About Scam Calls...
I may be a faggot, but you're suspended.
Steal from me? Now we're even.
Use all my shit? Go ahead
What to do to that one guy who won't stop crowdsurfing
And this is why you don't tailgate chicks.
Sister geta booty slapp3d, blames brother.
No animals were harmed in the making of...
This is a test
Just don't run, you little jackass
Revenge on the cleaning ladies
I'm messing with my cheating ex-boyfriend's psycho ex-girlfriend for ruining my relationship
Mind Your Own Business (x-post from r/askreddit)
Don't ruin movies for me
Abusive Ex threatened to post my nude pictures online, but I got my revenge
Petty revenge on mean neighbors
Sit on your butt while I do all the housework, will you?
Petty coworker revenge
Scam me? I’ll get you back (reposted because it didn’t show up in the sub)
Trying to post
Classmate left me to finish final project alone.
Game Over.
I got my ass grabbed at work
Use an ash tray
No boner, bitch.
Youre bad mouthing me to the new employee? Have fun staying late
Coworker helped me out with creep
Thanks for not fixing our dryer
Got a guy fired over a chicken bowl!!!!
Rival College Revenge for a Coworker
I accused my friend of “exposing” himself in math
Eat my girlfriends gluten free pizza will you??
keep using my email address, I keep your prize!
Restricted my Neighbors Internet Access
Don't force me to do the brunt of the work, lazy "friend"
Douchette security follows me every time
Hacked my friends facebook while she was AFK, now i have to share this with the internet.
The upstairs neighbor was stealing my clothespins, so I’ve been fucking with their clean clothes.
Helping clean the world!
To everyone who said I couldn't do it... yeah f*@k you.
Ex girlfriend  heart and soul; am I justified in ruining her relationship?
Taking candy from children
Park partially in the quick pickup spot? Dance for me.
Park in my driveway? Enjoy having all your tires deflated (with pictures) Dubai Edition!
Mess up my hearing? Hope you like confetti.
Lie to Get Free Pizza? Enjoy the “Do-Not-Deliver” List, Bucko!
Push in front of me on the train and I'll stand between you and your husband.
Sometimes, the world revolves around someone else.
I got fired because I chose to opt out of a “voluntary” group surprise present, my email ruins the surprise
Prepare to be ID’d or Prepare to be Made a Fool
Lego Garage Sale Revenge
Sweet revenge, literally
Cheat off of my test? Enjoy your F!
Won't stop spamming and harassing me? Fine, reported you to the Federal Trade Commission.
Want me to put your nail polish up ok you’ll have to wait till heck freezes over though
My manager likes to set rules he can’t follow and I like to help him with that
Cousin's friend ditches her when doing an important project.
The Rolling Roadblock of Doom
Mess with my Friend? I’ll stop your friend from doing what he loves for a year
I hate lane jumpers
Unintended urinal revenge.
Smoking Revenge
Mess with my conditioner - have fun streaking thru the barracks
Maybe if you were a better employee, I wouldn't have to remind you that your sex life sucks.
Managed to get the cheater at my table back!
She splashed me so I smeared dog poop over her house and car
My petty revenge for getting my phone taken away unfairly
Loud neighbors have ants now
Make Me Do All The Work? Yeah No Thanks
Leave me a dirty sink? Fill your own fridge.
Berate me in front of the class...
Tailgating
I got revenge on a scammer landlord when I lived in Germany (link to video in text)
Grew up in foster care... Book Review Revenge.
Girlfriend cheats on me, I fuck her over.
Think stealing my phone is funny? Get embarrassed in front of everyone.
"Too busy" to take the kettle off the stove...? Really?
Prove me wrong? I'll take a life.
alarms are a bitch
Friend makes me do his school project and...
Guess I Shouldn’t Train People
Shitty Step Brother and Apple Headphones
He backstabbed all his supporters, so we ruined his rep
Sweet Karma
Here's a Tip: You're an Asshat (long)
Screw Me on My Bonus? You Won't Make Money on What I Did to Earn It
My ex-husband: The Sock King
The tale of the grumpy girlfriend
Tailgating truck driver
need help getting revenge
Every time I go through airport security
Asshole neighbor parks on the street for the sole purpose of denying that spot to everyone else.
Got kicked out of the house today. Jokes on them I hid all the toilet paper.
Janitor lady was a rude ass, so I gave her something to clean.
you delivery guys are SOFT!!! I’ll show you how it’s done..... instant regret
Prank call me once, I turn the cheek and laugh. Do it again, and I'll post your number on Backpage as a TS Prostitute. Fuck with me.
Won't walk away from a love tap? *multiple petty revenge story
How to deal with people who push in front of you in lines
Fuck these fake niggas
Be an ass to me and my team? Get your site fucked over.
The one time I was petty I ended up feeling guilty for years.
Karma's a bitch, bitch
Enjoy your FIFTIETH birthday, mom
Sucks Not Getting Any Sleep Huh?
Petty revenge while driving
Teacher hated me so I didn't have to do anything in her class.
Hope you got towed.
Person who wasn’t handicapped parked in a handicapped spot
How bad customer service led to me having clean shoes and getting a gift card for free.
I hope you enjoy your iPhone. You're going to be so impressed with the battery life.
Careful where you spread a rumor
I stole my own property back from my flatmate and am pretending not to know anything about it...
3 year old learning some manners.
Invested in creativity
Revenge at the Movies
Getting sweet revenge on bully and nasty coworkers
Aggressively tailgate me on an open road? Enjoy the asphalt.
Feel my wrath!
Rust petty revenge
Uncle can't catch fish. Makes children barf.
Lie and get me fired, try to get your work emails now!
Murder baby birds, lose a small food fight.
Tailgating is not Worth it.
The last time I ever got truck-washing duty.
My mom goes One Punch Man mode on an airplane
I got the person who annoyed me and my sister alot caught for cheating.
Throw a burrito at me and see what happens
Remove my Shoes From The Wash, Enjoy Your Soaking Wet Clothes
Revenge on Craigslist Scammer
F*** YOU
I got some CL scammers to send a check to the head of the FBI
Death by a thousand cuts
I have trouble falling asleep...
Want some free drinks? Don't care where they come from? Here you go, bitch.
Bug in Your Ear
Get me dirty? Move the bags of concrete by yourself.
Dad's Petty Waitress Revenge
My gf cheated on me with a good buddy of mine
the pettiest of revenges on my ex roommate
I took the most necessary items from a lady's shopping cart in an act of petty revenge.
Blow up my email, I'll destroy yours
Harass me even when I tell you to stop? Okay, get banned.
bad neighbor revenge
Those Who Laugh Last, Laugh Best.
Fuck with my family (Part 2)
Its what happens when you prevent me from getting my bike out.
You want us to take out the recycling? Okay, we’ll take out our recycling.
Think you caught me cheating? Here's the finger.
Fuck your floormat
He called me a fat lesbian so I kissed his crush.
The Saga of the Bathroom Door Lock
Honk at me for being a safe driver? Hope you like being late and getting a ticket!
Road rager gets a face full of fury
REVENGE AGAINST A WRESTLER THAT CALLED MY SISTER A SL*T
That's right, relax, put your feet up.
Kill 'em with kindness and dog drool
Be a jerk? Eat more than your share of my cake? Prepare to get extremely pissed off.
The Day My Dad Watched Someone Crumble
Why would you help someone if you're just going to make them feel like an asshole?That isn't salt anymore
Ruin my tv time? Get a slight cold and look at my balls.
Being a jerk while fishing in the wilderness?
I finally found where I belong...
Petty Revenge in Retail.
You don't DESERVE gravy.
Do you smell that?
Some guy threatened my dog. Tough shit for him.
A Tale of Wifi
The entitled new coworker
My mom is the queen of petty revenge in my family
Didn't you want the alarm to go off at 3AM?
Telemarketer sorry
Oh I can hear you asshole....
Why didn't you piss all your piss the first two times?
A tale in which I play mind games with a 7 year old
need advice
Mock me for being 2 minutes late? I’ll just have them open a second class.
"Hack" into my Xbox Live account? Lets practice what you preach.
Ahem, you are blocking my view of Muse.
Oh, we're ignoring people now? I can deal with that.
Former underling catburglars keys, yet overly underestimates a little lady
Angry Chicken teaches a lesson
“she’s not the store manager. I. AM”
Redefinition of Pillow Fight.
I'll let you give me the Covid vaccine but I would have preferred a man around just in case.
1 week left, looking for ideas
Don't want to replace the toilet paper roll? Then you have brought this upon yourself
Cashier Revenge
You're welcome, "Our Neighbor At" Unit 2
Don't bite the hand that feeds
Ditch me? That’s fine, I’ve got other friends... better friends.
the time Family Guy helped me win an argument
It's a game, bro. Chill.
Swapping my enemies' clothes after PE...
Steal My Pizza? Enjoy
Use my email to make a Panera Bread account. Enjoy a restless night.
Don't wake everyone up at 4am.
Intentionally making noise on a plane? Good luck sleeping.
Google Translator will only take you so far, Lisa
Sharing school lockers is a terrible idea, morons.
I spoiled endgame for a guy who spoiled gungeon for me. (No actual spoils in post)
She kept wearing my clothes without asking
car park rage
Two fingers in a pervert's drink
Need ideas against scam seller
Game Over
Broke the news to my Ex Mother-In-Law!
Seat Blocker on the Bus
"Exposing" undercover Wal-Mart security
That "Awful Smell" Is Now "Following" YouPulling out
Raccoon revenge
I think you all need to review the meaning of the word 'petty'.
Hurry For You? I think not.
Honk at me? Enjoy my slow driving.
What you showed me on Twitter was not interesting
Years ago my ex screwed someone else.
Don't get petty with a pettyrevenge junkie.
The pettiest revenge on my upstairs neighbor.
Giving grandma a taste of her own candy
Ma'am can you please turn off your truck?
You don't want to date me? Enjoy your wasted lifeI hope that snotty attitude keeps you company on the long hike.
If I'm failing honestly, I'm not going to let you pass dishonestly.
Cue in Halo intro music, 9 year old psycho rage ensues.
Delete my friends project? Get photoshopped
DON'T have a nice day!
So my husband ditched me tonight...
An angry customer makes a fool of herself.
Girl wouldn't stop singing next to me while attending a broadway show
The doctor who did not listen to his patient.
"That's NOT my name, and I will NOT accept the Prize!"
(i don't know what to use for a title for this one)
Until I find better payback, this will do for my asshole flatmates.
Tell me I am a shitty teammate and then ask me to walk you on grad night? Enjoy going solo!
5000 miles from home and I finally get revenge
a yogurt for a yogurt
You want to be a creepy little asshole? Watch me destroy your relationship.
Scrambled Words
We're going "green"... whether it makes sense or not!
My mom hung up on me
Rude on your first call? Enjoy a second.
Science test
Smell me!
Bitching at me for being a bad roommate? Have fun with Jill tonight!
Help! Petty revenge needed.
Bankruptcy...twice..
(godly echo voice) H I S T O R Y.
Found this video on Youtube. It's a girl telling this guys wife that she was being cheated on. Cringe!!!!
At The Radio City Christmas Spectacular
Speeding through a school zone to get to your nails appointment? That's a no-no.
Dominoes changes their delivery radius and loses a loyal customer of over 20 years.
Be rude to me on the phone? Let me transfer you to the wrong extension.
Toilet Paper Lockdown
Try to feed me a paintball? Enjoy never eating without fear again!
Accidental but...potent...revenge on a cock-blocker 'BFF'.
McDonald's Drive-Thru revenge
Just fucking reset the router will you?
Dealing with the Human Resources department...Is a smiley face pettyrevenge enough?
Hairy Situation
Third time my friend didn't change the toilet roll when he finished it.
Cooking at 5:30 am? Fine I'll make you late to work
Flashing Brights
Enjoy your lunch...
Petty revenge on a 10.
Petty revenge on a picture thief
Worlds Worst Tenant
I put hot sauce in my sisters bed.
Douche-bag coworker can't shut up about the ladies so...
I wouldn’t be on your f$?king lot!
Be rude and waste my time? I’ll waste double yours on your commission role!
Stiff me? Not enough cheese for you.
"Where u at man??"
Why do people challenge me at this game??
Got hit by a car while riding my bike, revenge was had.
I hate *well known review website*
Will you be QUIET!
The ghost knife revenge story
You allow your dogs to take craps on my lawn, I retaliate.
Need help getting back at a girl who stood me up (No Abuse)
Racist guy sends me racist messages, I posted every single message on his FB wall.
Insult an employee trying to help you? Ok, no problem.
A Bikers Petty Revenge
Repeatedly forget clothes in our washer? No dryer sheets for you!
One of the advantages about driving a scratched car
Brother was a terrible house guest, so I exploited his phobia
Treat me like shit at work? I'll leave all the boxes of chickens just for you.
Treat me like crap, I treat your store like crap
New revenge Subreddit
Sherrif's Office gets owned.
Computer lab pettiness
Got Shrimped
Don't fax me on my landline in the early hours...
Wiped my poop on a girls car who cheated on my friend
Please allow me to introduce myself...
He who smelt it, dealt it!
How I got revenge on a shitty teacher
Annoy and then hurt me, hope you like chlorine in your eyes.
More work with no more pay? How about I quit my job.
My Seat
Inappropriate party punk loses his cocaine and gets busted cheating
Don't shove me into a locker and expect to get away with it.
Dog poop revenge
I am IT guy, ph33r |\/|y p0w3r!
An ignorant classmate used their race as an excuse to get a passing grade me, so I fought fire with fire (long read)
If you're an annoying neighbor, I'll send the Mormon missionaries your way.
Steal my wash cycle and detergent? I'll make you fashionable!Follow me in your car? I'll inconvenience you.
Bathroom revenge.
She called me a liar
My mailbox battle (X-post from r/pics)
Make me do all the cleaning? Nope.
Think you deserve special treatment? It’ll cost you.
dickhead driver gets what he deserves.
A contract that bites back
THis video is really petty revenge XD
A two-for-one special: Rude College Roommates and Obnoxious Uber Drivers receive their comeuppance!
Cheaper by the Dozen (Featuring entitlement, and malicious compliance.)
Made my friend choose, and he chose me.
Obnoxious Dumbass Tourist Teen Gets Naked on Beach in Cannes and Gets Some Sweet Revenge
Don't pay? You don't get a movie.
Root Beer Revenge
Pushy customer; i speak no english
Applause, Applause!
Need to get revenge on mother in law
Noisy neighbours, how to get some petty revenge?
Hope you weren't planning on drinking tonight mate.
Manager screws up construction site and makes company pay up more
Enjoy having to look it up yourself.
I need help with a revenge
Oh you say I gotta pee... Ok.
Sure, we can wait.
Stop slapping me.
Teenage Snow Plow Revenge
Don’t steal my jokes
Play that selfish ish with me? Eat it.
Can’t get water? We will see about that.
Close the damn bag
Park like an ass? I won't leaf you alone.
Any software/way to make loud high pitch sound in phone to annoy scam callers?
You... You ate my cake...
I destroyed my nasty stepsister's ability to show off her wedding.
Clothing store refuses to give me any hours but won’t let me go
A few stories about my shitty college housemate, Gordon
April Fools Prank? I’ll get you back 6 months from now
Pulling my first all-nighter
This is another tool for the Pettyrevenge arsenal
Be an ass to everyone in high school? Enjoy watching your dreams crumble.
Annoying my bitchy substitute teacher
My Friend was saying I have a crush on someone and I exposed his Crush
9 year old taking care of business!
Advice needed
Be a dick to me at home? Get your pen stolen.
Got my $20 back, a year in the making.
Act crabby at me sometimes? Enjoy your candy!
My card is on file
Justice served by the cashier.
You both decide not to train me well at work? Okay.
This is why you don't give me YOUR kids to hold: A Tale of Petty Revenge. (x-post r/childfree)
Rude old lady revenge
Don't want to follow the schedule? Then drown in burgers and angry customers
It started with a leaky faucet...
My Petty Revenge on Shitty Dog Owners
Threw our dumpster trash everywhere
Spell my name wrong again....
I interrupted an artist's concentration. And then I became the subject of a $5,600 painting.
That's Not First Class
No door to door service? Now you wait
"Thats what you get!"
Poison my dog? I'll get you a fine for animal cruelty and spend ~$100 letting everyone in the neighborhood know you did it.
No patience? No respect for your property.
My friend embarrassed me at the beach. Then I found the perfect opportunity to leave him em-BARE-assed lol
Be racist on Facebook? Prepare to feel my wrath
Annoying neighborhood kids
anyone want to spam a number?
I'm going to get you back for blasting your music at 4:30am EVERY morning
Pressured into dropping my grade
Have fun counting all those coins
You wanted your drink iced, but didn’t ask for it to be iced? Sure, let me remake that for you.
Threaten my family for standing on your grass? Enjoy your fines from the city for your broken down garage.
Epic revenge from 5 year old me
Son Uses Technology to Get Ignoring Dad's Attention.
Sisterly hatred
Little revenge on stealing customer.
Beer theft prevention
Fire me? I'll let your OCD run wild
Coworker is a bitch, so I make her walk
Oh, you want to put your shopping cart behind my car?
I made Barney lose his job when I was 5
Got two HOA board members removed from board because they tried to bully me
Reckless, Aggressive Driver Gets His
Mess with my bacon, I mess with your everything.
Life ban.
Fake hacker?
And I don't plan on stopping.
The best revenge takes planning.
A Ukrainian Schoolboy's Revenge Against Stalin
I'll block your bike!
Thoughtless Disrespectful Nephew Doesn't Understand How His Actions Have Consequences. Adulthood Is Going to Eat Him Alive If He Doesn't Shape Up
Try to Tip my Porta Potty Hope You Like Duck
I have to hear about your itchy balls? No mangoes for you.
Help me?!
Telemarketers
How to deal with bovine housemates
Make fun of me just because English isn't my first language? Have fun retaking calculus 2
I hate when people have their brights on behind me. It blinds me in my rear view mirror so I have a personal policy that if anyone is that inconsiderate I drive 5 mph under the limit. At least. Every single time.
Call me a fag? I’ll humiliate you.
Late night roommate revenge
Fill-a-bag justice.
Honk at me when I'm at a red light? I hope you like waiting even longer.
Landlord trying to evict all 3 of there tenants for separate reason. I honestly just want to make sure noone else gets screwed, but I'll be petty to support my Girlfreind and Baby Girl.
'Friend' steals my account, I get him banned
Pop-up Precious Metals company
Perv manager
If you are a terrible person, people may be terrible to you.
Hedging around the issue
Rewarded as a prideful douche deserves.
College Master threatens "underage" student. Public humiliation ensues.
Discord Revenge.
My cheating ex tries being weird so I make it wierder.
Wait, you want ME to do YOUR paper?! I haven't spoken to you in YEARS
No prep for us? No prep for you.
Kid trues to ruin my job so i ruin his weekend
Speed up so I cant park next to you? Not my problem.
Spidery revenge!
How do you like excessive calls?
A guy hired me to work on his website and refused to pay, so I replaced his site with a shitting Rhino
Turn about is fair play, Bulimia Sparkles
Hope they find they have 'way more employee theft due to lookalikes.
stop trying to sell me Scentsy
Pancreatic Enzyme Powder for dogs
HELP ME GET REVENGE SPAM!
DnD revenge
Enjoy the extra ricotta, bitch.
Instead of taking out the trash, my roommate left her bloody pads on the floor of the bathroom AGAIN
I’ll bleed for you
no, that ringing phone wasn't a mistake (guess it's not really revenge)
Wanna Steal lunches? I got a big surprise for you.....even if I get caught.
3am texts on a Sunday
Tailgate me and another guy, honk the horn and act like a jackass...
I dislike those with a sense of entitlement.
A sports car: $1000000 but a good laugh: priceless!
Satisfying workaround for poor customer service at a chain party store...
McDonald's Drivethrough Victory
Copy from my test ,Well karma is an thing
I cost someone around 2.5k $ for not doing his part on a group project
Peed on her bed because she wouldn’t stop rubbing her vagina on my stuff (NSFW)
If you have an a$$hat of a customer
My dad can’t deal with my pettiness
A feature that may be good for this Subreddit.
Unpleasant Soda Deliverers.
Try to phish me, say goodbye to your email account
Uv mask
Taco Bell terror
You are impolite to this boy I like? Take my revenge!!
My roommate punched in the front window.
petty roommate revenge
Throw water over me? Enjoy breaking your tooth
Night shift leaves pile of vomit to sit overnight
HS Student Achweitz Project Revenge
Try and Run Me Over? I'll put walls around your car
Girl tries to cheat off me during the SAT, didn’t go so well
Don't want to switch seats? Enjoy the flight!
Payback burrito
I prevented a racist HR Director from getting a job.
A little different, but still very petty. (5th grade)
Sure, post a passive aggressive note about me
"At least you went for one of those natural colors..." Haha, not anymore!
He still owes me a new one
Take that, rude burrito guy!
Best revenge ever.
Got some sweet revenge on a cousin who stole from me.
Revenge on retail employees
I was a petty child
Mute with my best friend? I’ll make you quit.
Make Me Wait In line I'll waste your time
Parking Lot Justice for non-payment
Refuse to do your job because you're a vegan? Fine you can go work in the cooler with no jacket.
Steal my college fund? I hope you enjoy losing contact with your oldest son and ruining your own life!
If I you pull into my lane you'd better give yourself enough leeway get up to speed.
Steal my chocolate, I lock your phone
Cheat on me? Enjoy having little pieces of shit in your chocolate chip cookie.
Don't touch my stuff
The free swag you’ll never be able to wear...
This teacher deserved this times ten in my opinion
valentine can be evil as well
Douche brother
$1 per bad Facebook review
guilt in the laundry room
Don't invite people who don't know the birthday girl.
You want to steal my parking spot? Enjoy having your car towed.
"... and besides, I want to travel."
I want to do some petty revenge on my aunt.
Cutting in Line? You'll Just Have to Wait
My Toll Experience
You want to keep texting me? Fine, now you have something to look forward to.
Yell at my coworker and then total your truck? Sorry no free food for you
Cut me in line, I'll take your grandson's bobble head.
Revenge on a lying realtor
My coworker was happy to give me some of his workload
load-securing
Another restaurant revenge story - waitresses don't treat your cooks like dirt or you may get wet...
High beams in my rear view.
Setting her up.
Bank staff make a shithead regret his actions.
My petty clapbacks to my family.
Live in CA and someone piss you off in traffic? (Revenge within)
Small motorbike vs small... *waves pinky finger*
A cautionary tale which proves living well is the best revenge
I really don't like my ex cable provider.
Always have your mute button on when you're on a video call
Forget having an “on call” just give me a promotion.
So you're a fan of our city's rules? Hope you're following all of them.
That'll teach you to park where I'm working!
I didn't know we were in middle school.
Communism Revenge
Petty revenge at Christmas on the self service tills
Make my buddy cry, I’ll humiliate you in front of the whole Gym class!
When you serve a-hole customers
I love anonymous messaging
Daddy can buy you a new one, right?
Don't take my clothes out of the dryer and I won't let yours get moldy
Embarrassing a bully in front of his friends
Comment on my weight while I'm pregnant? I'm gonna look flawless at your nephew's wedding.
Leave me homeless? Forget about that job you needed.
Try to scam me on Ebay? Not a good idea!
Guess you were right- I AM a bitch
Ride my ass on the interstate? Guess I'll be going the speed limit for once today.
The Roman Foot Stomp
I could ruin your world(sort of)
Story behind the WW2's military hospital which is now banned
Kid attempts to bully me and my friend, he gets suspended.
Nearly hit me in your car because you're impatient? Okay then.
Teacher was racist for months so I got her fired.
Next time, use the cart corral, asshole
Shower pettiness
Lie about a death in the family to get out of an exam? Have fun explaining that to mom!
Trying to take advantage of free soda system? No more sodas for you!
Asshole landlord pisses on my friend's car. Petty revenge is had.
Steal my rice bowl? I'll shut off your power.
Gonna be a dick to me on Minecraft? Very funny.
Don't hold the elevator for me? Enjoy your scenic ride down.
Oh, so you hacked my DoorDash Account and ordered food...
May or may not have used my food service position to exact revenge on rude jerk
I got a bully in trouble.
Abusive ex wanted a dress back ...
My dad is passing away soon, so I thought I'd share some vintage Revenge
Don't talk rudely in another language to someone who's trying to help you.
Okay, I won’t go another time because there won’t be another time.
Don't expect me to pay for your fault....
Treat me like I'm stupid because I'm a girl in a "man's job"? I'll make sure my "stupidity" screws you over!
when I was 14, valentines day revenge
Entitled teacher embarrassed my friend I played uno reverse card
The power of annoyance!
The pettiest of revenge
Sweet revenge on the train
I pissed my roomate off.
Three people who tormented me had terrible things happen to them all within about a year of each other.
Roommate screwed us over but forgot to have her mail forwarded.
New tenants refuse to pay for the fridge, so redditor cuts the wire and super-glues the door shut (x-post /r/ProRevenge)
Revenge ideas needed
You want to come in late? Hope you like music!
Kicked me out of the shower? Enjoy the cold water.
Would you like to add a postcard to your purchase today?
Small victory but I'll take it
Racist Old Lady Learns About Karma
Disrupting tired passengers on a cruise? F*** off!
Don't tailgate me in a residential area
Let's see how you manage all this work on your own!
Revenge on minecraft (6 years ago)
Fuck your chips
Older Brother shoots me with water gun everyday I get up, I do it back except with something a little different then water.
When an HR's weekly name-and-shame campaign backfires
I can tell my ex-GF is distraught that I didn't say anything to her
You asked
Disobey my orders? Enjoy your soapy surprise
Jump the queue at the petrol station? Don't expect to get anywhere
How to get someone back (Request)
Don't call anyone a creeper. It'll comeback to get you.
Flatmate doesn't clean the apartment while living with me so she has to clean it completely on her own when both of us move out.
Be rude to me and cut me off? You can bet I will stand there and watch the company dump $$$$ down the drain!
petty email autoresponder
Each day at work, the other two guys in my department and myself trade off picking the music.
Some people can seriously overreact
Egg Thief is Turned Off Breakfast
Petty revenge on roommate
The Girl Who Should Have Dropped
Ruin a wrestlers name with just one word.
Paraphrasing a story from a video..
Don't get too touchy, Mr. Unwanted Flirt
dont be a dick to me
Underage kid mocks me in front of colleagues so I inform his mother
Wet concrete to the eyes.
Beware the Wrath of Short People!
Yesterday my SO bought me two slim jims then ate them. Today I bought him his favorite candy bar and ate it.
My Toxic "Friend" was being a bitch so I showed her what she was really like
Most of the new stories here seem to be disappearing?
Hey Come Back. Don't Flea
Make me pay for an extra month of rent? Enjoy the ever so small annoyances.
Petty Revenge on a dirty roommate
Nobody messes with my snacks.
You spell my name wrong? I get VERY petty
Won't put your ass up from my seat? I'll fuck your ass! (in a SFW way)
The Mc Kid Who Was So petty
A tale of two vans
I am a police officer and I got a paper cut from my ticket book...
Won't help me find my mail? Nobody gets mail.
Want my Parking Space? Sure Follow me!
I stole the Precious
Don't you rev your engine at me!
Too lazy on our presentation? Well..
OP skillfully dismantles a customer who tried to keep a $3000 item and claim a PayPal refund
Hi mod I not posting but want to ask how to take revenge on sth. Where should I try?
Snooping may lead to unwelcome discoveries
visiting my friend through their community driveway (backdoor entry), but get harassed by their neighbor for "trespassing"
Ooo...piece of candy!
Petty Roommate Revenge
You Should Have Called an Hour Ago!
Park like an arsehole and I'll park like an arsehole too!
"tHiS iS nOt A qUiEt SpAcE"
Oh you wanna come home and be loud at 445 am and wake up your sick roommate? I've got a petty revenge for that.
Don't Push People into Elevators
Cheese with your whine?
Push me off a ledge? G E T D E S T R O Y E D B Y T H E P E T T I E S T H U M A N A L I V E
Have a seat
I don't know how to drive and you do not understand how traffic works.
There's a difference between the specials board and the menu?
It was on clearance because it came in this way.
Inconvenienced Neighbor
So Tired of Psychic Hotline Calling Every Day I turned the tables on her and flipped the script
Want to berate me on Speakerphone? I'll tip the Domino's for being sympathetic towards me.
Ohh, you're in a hurry? Well next time try NOT going to a busy store maybe.From speed demon to snail pace. How I pulled a slow one on a douchebag on the road.
death by ghost peppers
so, you like littering?
Hit me, get kicked.
Prank call my work? Let me google your number.
I broke my ex-friends nose because she searched my phone without asking.
Implement a rule like r/ProRevenge discouraging "casts" or character lists w/ complicated abbreviations.
I took a whole year to get my prick of a boss.
A lesson in tolerance
I sprinkled bird seed on my roommates "girlfriends" car.
Be nice to your flight crew
When you shout in a forest, the forest answers
Former friends gets a slice of humiliation.
Petty Revenge 3 weeks in the making, next time don't touch my water.
bully me? try and say I started it, go on.Never Hack
You won't stop using my shampoo? Fine, you can have the rest!
Won't cover my shift after I've covered so many for you? Enjoy losing money then.
Refuse to listen? Enjoy not eating.
Time for some petty revenge
You bully my sister? Get ready to face the wrath of 30 kindergarteners.
Don't like the greenbin? Probably wouldn't want it any closer I bet...
Petty Parking Revenge
Bully Me, Fail Art Class.
Won't stand let me pass? Your drink is the collateral damage
Don't want to invite me? That's cool.
Cut me off? Learn a valuable lesson
Making my husband his favourite breakfast
That one time a "BLS" was allowed to teach little kids.
Petty Restroom Revenge
My meeting wasn't enough? Fine then..
You like hammers? I love music!
Give me a deadline for something I was already going to do?
Girl at my highschool got pissed off out of proportion and tried to get me expelled (it backfired)
Interrupt my work day with a scam? Feel my slow-brewing wrath...
Got cheated on, ghosted, and then a two weeks later I was told the reason was because I didn’t show her enough attention. So I signed her up for the spam text sites.
Oh, you have a girlfriend? I'm sure she'd love to hear what you've been saying.
my sister called me out in front of my family so I called her out
Today's forecast: sunny and warm with a small petty front breezing through
Stand up for myself? Little old me? Sure.
Woman moans about children on the beach woman gets a chilling surprise lol
Be unnecessarily rude to me? Have fun watching Infinity War.
Racist/Ignorant? No tip for you!
Enjoy Your Cold Nugget
It's Expensive to be rude to my wife.
Uhaul worker actually had to work today
Be a bitch about $20? I'll give you something to be a bitch about
Roommate pulls petty bullshit. When I move out I take all the furniture AND the internet.
Take a drink out of my fridge without asking? Enjoy your unemployment.
Am I being petty if I don’t go to my cheating sister’s wedding?
How to Deal with a Mombie at the DMV (xpost /r/childfree)
Company founder acts like a dick — employee makes him look like one
Need help with some petty revenge?
Happy Holidays
The pettiest revenge in minecraft
I got stood up
Ma'am
I didn't even have to do anything.
Don't hurt my hamster
The Wardrobe, Garlic, and a Motorcycle
Roommate stealing my food
Don't Call Me a Retard and Expect Honey &amp; Oats on Your Bread.
I don't forget
Two Weeks into Summer, I'm Already Making Bombs!
Asks to get hit by a car, shocked when it almost happens...
Revenge on loser roommate
Stormy Weather and Icy Roads
Stealing some Father's Day thunder
Somebody in my neighborhood got mad enough at Key Bank that they hired a plane to fly a message around town
When I report "Top Posts this week on Google+" as spam in Gmail...
If you don't ask for change, I'm not going to give you change
iT'S JuSt a GaMe
Don't scare me in the shower
Here's....your.....ch...aaaaange
How about some hot sause in your coffey
If she's gonna be a witch, I'll make living here for her miserable
"Friend" eats shit and his own words
Guy slides my phone off table, receives daily presents after
I get vindictive if my sleep schedule is messed with.Enjoy your ride!
Guy told me to climb over him, so that’s what I did
Never play a drinking game with me.
Penny for your thoughts?
Petty Revenge on New Neighbor
Choosing the 10 items or less check out line at Walmart for your 80+ item shopping spree? Enjoy waiting 10 extra minutes while I block you in.
Oh you “just” had a baby and use that as an excuse to fuck up MY grade...
Shitty Hike
I schooled my coworker on company rules
Blocking the driveway
The laziest hostess
Petty Guard
I told ya if you didn't do something it was going to cost ya
Lazy gym-goers
Someone who had their revenge on me
Fox Sports Used a reddit user's original .gif of an NFL play on their website. He gets revenge
Park your bike in my designated spot? Enjoy your airless ride.
Oh, you don't wanna listen to me. Then get your chips crushed!
Crazy ex-gf + military police = revenge? you be the judge
I keep finding my mum’s hair in the bathtub, so I decided to shave a part of my leg hair as a revenge.
Camp until the prize come along? Doesn't work on me!
Petty Bar Revenge
Some people don't need pets.
A Wi-Fi for a Wi-Fi
You messed with my sister? Run.
Was delivering food today...
Want to waste my time? I'll waste yours
Someone on the street was smoking in front of me so I shot in front of him and farted
Kept pushing her work on me and got fired !!
Lay off the guy who built your network? enjoy the brain drain..
Loud neighbors get dog shit on their lawn daily
Soccer
Guy steals my food. I call his mom.
Older Lady at Work
Petty revenge on bouncers.
Be an asshole? Get your stuff taken away, stranded, and put in jail.
Unnecessary rudeness to an IT employee results in instant karma
Let Me Rewash The Clothes For You
A Russian wannabe script kiddie paid for my Minecraft server.
Liquid Ass Spray for Bad Roommates
Don't text while driving
Steal my milk? Drink my piss!
my university keeps raising tuition each year
Greedy Classmate Attempted Theft. He called me Selfish.
Pettybetty
Be an annoying brat enjoy having some nightmares
Dont fuck with my sister
Lowball me once, shame on me. Lowball me twice, I'll make you squirm.
Good luck wiping your butt!
You really think you'll get your job back after that?
You stole my parking spot? Wait for my revenge...
I dropped a diss track on someone who stole from me
Made then pay for being douche hats all semester
Raging Bitch? You got it!
Fuck around with my art and find out
Don't snitch on the hand that feeds you.
So you don't want to communicate with me directly? Enjoy having me as your train-buddy, asshole!
http://i.imgur.com/v06yPod.png - Delivery guy posts low tipper's phone number on the Internet and threatens to shit in her food next time!
Revenge on my boyfriend.
Loud Neighbours, Louder Homeowner
Steel mailbox =1, teens in car=0
Oh I'm sorry, did you want one too?
Neighbor sends passive aggressive unmarked letters in complaint, so I'll make sure they keep sending them.
The story of a very petty mercy
Revenge is spicy
I gave Steven Mike in Nigeria a taste of his own medicine today (X-post /r/funny)
Bully me at a funeral... enjoy your audit.
You want to get back together? Too bad, I've moved on.
I'm so petty that I go out of my way to kill her with kindness
Changing bully phone passcode
My band director gets revenge on the rude ISS teacher.
Cold Soda in Fridge?!?
Have a nice sleep asshat
Brush me off? Enjoy dickbutt.
Read this shit you nubs
I fed a girl a cupcake filled with dirt
Know an asshole’s phone number? Ask for quotes online.
Revenge of the Hippie
F for you
Ignore my wishes and act rudr to me for no reason? Enjoy losing your phone, good sir.
Professional Hacker For Hire!
Leave your employer for a new one? We’ll turn your locker into towel shelves.
Want to lie and not pay your rent? I'll take everything.
Gym bro tries to shame me, I have the last laugh.
More Tales from Banking
Old man doesn't get his ice
Created a guidebook when somebody whistled around me.
Revenge ideas?
I hope you like foam
Kick me from your among us server? for no reason? Prepare to be inconvenienced
Park in my stall, say goodbye to your tires.
OH, you want to stalke me? fine, enjoy my special hamburger
The avenging ford
You can't be loud without power
I was a housekeeper in an office where I was ridiculed constantly by snotty receptionists. Graduated college a couple months ago, took a job in the same office and became their boss
Treat me like I'm worthless? Hold on while I set you back 6 months
Boss fails to make me stay a week longer after quitting
Constantly annoy and berate my friend? No TV for you!
Latin Teacher Fiasco! Part 1 of The School Stories!
You did not want to make my Dad mad XD
High rise contractor considers noise bylaw fine "cost of doing business"
A way to get back at Mom and let my baby know I love her
WHEN THEY THINK YOU ARE "LITTLE RED", BUT TURN OUT TO BE THE HUNTSMAN
Neighbors throwing cat feces, and things at my house/backyard
Make fun of deaf people, get talked about behind your back.
Morbidly obese woman ignores several rows of empty seats and sits next to my friend, nearly swallowing him whole. Friend gets revenge.
Make me nearly piss my pants? I'll let everybody know how bad your shit stinks.
No thanks,
My wife left a huge shit in the toilet so I went in and riled up our 2 month old son before I left the house.
Housemate from hell
What happens when you piss off your bartender
A Dog Needs To Eat
Received a Phishing E-mail...
Verkaufe Minecraft Acc (lifetime premi auf gommehd.net)
She lied.. So I got her fat.
You want to give me junk and then get butthurt when I don't want it? Enjoy my drunken painting.
My Korean Neighbor And His Small Annoying Dog
i scarred little kids of my lawn
Sorry, i'm just not ready for that type of commitment
Put my shoes back on? I'll never forget!
Call my mother an asshole will you...
Girl and her friends steal my seat, so I do my best to creep her out
Eat all our chips? I'll turn your mouth into fire
Kick the back of my seat constantly? Enjoy the rest of the show with my head in the way...
enjoy the red light!
Best served sliced... poorly
If you're a jackass, ill waste your time.
Tap water isn't good enough for you? Let me just fix that for you real quick.
Quitting on the worst day possible
Don't bring an LED spotlight to a Halogen light fight.
Don't mess with the MMJ delivery guy.
Try me at 9 months pregnant.
A small victory for me
Leave my home number with all your creditors and the library after you ditched me on half a months rent?
Gave him a hear of his own medicine.
Never contribute to the pot luck but always grabbing a plate?
Push in line? Lose your parking space!
Revenge of the Farmer
Just do your work on a group project
Please, send the Lt. into my office...
Threaten my dog? Curse at my wife? OK, best of luck with that car.
Origin Story
Auto shop kept messing my car up every time I took it in, so I applied to work there.
Waitress "I don't do 50 cents so I rounded up on your bill."
I don't even fish.
Press “F” to pay respects
So you thought you could be an entitled a-hole in the parking lot?
Tripped a rude old fart, potentially ruined his marriage.
Learning from being that slacker in the group
Skipping the lunch line? Time to make you wait.
Separate types of OJ? No way.
Mess with my laundry? Have fun poking your fingers.
How i ruined secret santa for a racist moron..
I stole a pencil😌
Twat Nav
I hate Chipped Nail Polish and She was a Bitch
My boss refused me a good appraisal.
Forked him up.
Sneak past me while shopping? Go right ahead.
The Saga of Carlos, Part 2: It's gonna be hell
I help you, you help me... Wait, wadda ya mean no?
Give my boyfriend a rimjob? That’s fine, I’ll just hook up w/ ur dad and have him lick my asshole and film it.
Try to rush us into traffic, I'll wait until the end of the gap.
Self-sabotage to get back at a colleague
fuck yo nintendog
Teacher gets expelled.
Go Ahead and Punch Me, Mr. Sunshine
Kid trys to fight me I beat im up
Grade stealer tries to mess up our coding assignment. Not so fast.
Revenge before switching Jobs
I purposefully wasted meat in order to thwart my vegan girlfriend
Steal my coupons - Earn some free Sh*t
Harass my cousin? Oh you get an expulsion
I paid back my boyfriend with his own money when he made me mad.
Entitled customer demands free food. Not on my watch.
You WILL pay, Dammit!
Fire me for refusing to cheat customers? Let the govt close down your bar
Pram Bitch
Give me a bad tip? I'll show you..
Designated Driver Revenge
Brat child running wild? Enjoy the dark,you little sh*t! (long read)
Roast me, get roasted.
A middle-aged man talked down to me without knowing I was in charge, I removed all his advertising.
My girlfriend begged me to watch Game of Thrones, then proceeded to spoil it for me...
Mess with my special message? I'll mess with your ability to walk.
When telling a teacher doesn't work, learn the system and make it work to your advantage.
Nice throw, shame I've got butterfingers...
That’s MY Dryer.
Don’t mess with dentists
Don't mess with the guy who keeps your records.
Rich boss gets back at entitled employees
Ignore the pedestrian pass, get keyed.
When you cut off an entire line of drivers you get brights in your driver's side mirror.
I wrote this song when my boyfriend broke up with me
Cold, sweet, petty revenge
You left it on the bench? Must be clean then!
My Brother makes me wash extra dishes and makes fun of me? I give him half my job
The Great Racquetball Shitvenge
Have fun with a non fluffy towel
Enjoy your cold shower
Electric party
Small town court revenge
Revenge is a Dish best served snowy?
The Long Con- Bestie sleeps with long term BF 3 weeks after we break up, I make her ugly.
They were using it way to much.
Get off your butt? How 'bout no.
Pointless but satisfying
Want to get salty with me? Hope you enjoy repeating the year
Finally caught the person who has been letting their dog poop in my front yard.
Truck driving revenge
Revenge on bratty sister
"Have a nice day, sir. "
Girlfriend has salty drink
Wronged me in secondary school? Now pay the fine for not having a train ticket.
Not so fly anymore, huh?
Go back on a promise and use a position of authority to force me into a corner? Enjoy waiting for a response.
Lazy Flatmate.
How I got back at a short bully
I can't cheat with you? Enjoy your grades
Call me a Fat Person? Well, have fun being Lectured about Bullying
Being rude to fast food employees. Yes, I'll give you directions.....
What stinks?
UPS stands for Unreliable Postal Service.
Oh, you have a "300" watt Pioneer stereo, with "big" speakers... How cute...
Twitter suspension story reminded me of one similar to my experience.
Purposefully showing up late to work out of spite.
You don't like where I park my bike? Ok, I'll move it. Right in front of your house.
Story I found on my local Craigslist in response to people dealing with wacko neighbors.
My GF's brother kept screwing over my GF and I, then Karma bite him in the ass!
Have fun cleaning off your windshield.
Oh, you dropped your phone? I ain't picking it up.
Don't want to stop at a stop sign? Enjoy a visit from your supervisor
Local Contractor kept filling my giant haul away dumpster at night when i left.
She wanted them. I gave them to her.
Mosh like a dick? Have your show ruined.
Petty Revenge: Hockey Edition
Kid takes treat from everyone, I got revenge
I get revenge against an annoying bully
Mother-in-law loses unsupervised visiting privileges
Don't contribute to the group assingment? Sure, I'll just show the unit coordinator your text messages.
Baby Shower for adults
Reddit Revenge- How I got a homophobic moderator banned from his own subreddit
Mental scar me and try to blame me for it? I'll show you.
Playing loud music and partying late at night; I ask twice, politely, to turn it down; they treat me like an old fart and basically tell me to f*** off.
George W. Bush's Petty Revenge on a Junior High Student
Some genuinely petty revenge against my brother over a seat
Facebook friend tired of postal working from driving over a lawn he's trying to seed...
Harass This Number Please
"I'mma need to see both y'alls IDs..."
Nice purple lipstick on your teeth, bitch
Busted you lazy shit
May the flesh be seared from your bones by the light of a thousand suns
'Beware the Pickle Bucket' from /r/talesbytoxlab
My girlfriend took karma into her own hands.
Lie about me and cheat on your boyfriend, enjoy payback!
Scared the shit out of my pos ex
/X Post from r/funny
Enjoy your burnt hookah!
My Aunt
This is what happens...
Karma to my friend that scammed me for $5 Steam
Tinder date was an extreme feminist and wanted to split everything in the middle
Banged my ex's new dude, told him via text
Fire me? Feel the slight karmic burn a year later...
Don't park there
Tripping people up
You want to race? How about a ticket instead.
Postmates driver gives me wrong order
Write me up for your fuck up, huh? Oh, dear...stupid man...
Girl accused me of sexual harassment, lost all friends and had to move
Gift giving
Oh, you want a third free sample, but piping hot with your coffee?
you ruined my grades
I make my roommate pay an extra $0.01 for rent
Don't let me into the lane eh?
Neighbor being bitchy about leash laws
Petty revenge on my dog for pulling on the lead!
When it's too hard for people to be polite
Girl steals my pride and joy(eraser), I rescue it
Bully tastes her own medicine
fuck cronusmax plus owner-hes a DICK
Entitled brat tries to steal my 500 dollar longboard and gets instant karma
The time I got suspended
Want to be an entitled dick? Enjoy having no water pressure
Just a typical shitpost
Steak from family, get phantom wedding gifts!
I published a poem about my ex in a literary magazine he'd been trying to get in to for years.
Pick on me? Hope you like free samples of your own medicine
Boss wont pay me or any of his other staff
They didnt give me ceramics, so i gave them a headache
Don't waste the time of a gas station clerk
A couple brought three toddlers to The Hobbit and they would not stop screaming randomly or at everything onscreen.
Soaked and sticky revenge
Tales of WW2.
Asshat driver revenge.
Through Weeks and Miles I Got My Revenge
Tailgate me and cut me off just to save 2 seconds getting off the freeway? Let's see what your employer thinks about that.
Save 20 seconds, lose 5 minutes, b----.
got revenge on daughter
Got your neck meets petroleum jelly!
Shovel your own driveway
Break my stuff good luck
Really Rude Classmate Revenge
A simple story that happened to me just now.
Basic Bitch gets angery
A thief stole merchandise, but I got his personal info.
Tit for Tat...for Tit...for Tat...for Double Tit
Tell the garbage man to not pick up our trash? Enjoy living without a driveway for a week.
Bully me and then ask for advice? Have fun with the teachers
Hostile Bank Manager
Late to work.
Neighbors decide to wake up my dad with explisive rap music? They chose the wrong person.
Got Revenge On A Lazy Group Member
Oh, you’re honking at me? Thank you for reminding me to follow the rules!
A Lesson On Tipping
My Petty Revenge on a Classmate
Woman who never tips checks out with newbie
ASAP me? Try...IDIWIDGAR (I'll do it when I'm damn good and ready.)
This wouldn't make a good class t-shirt.
Make my school life worse? Enjoy your bag soaking wet!
So I enjoy it when the telemarketers call...
You think I'm a bad pet owner? Good luck sleeping tonight
Never clean the table after work? Stress over your stuff and be late for the meal
My younger brother is a little shit
Relaxing Music Petty Revenge
Update from "Take your Holier than thou..."
Let me help you watch your children
Residential tailgater can eat my red lights
Girl goes to the gym
Whatever You Say, Ma'am
Stole my parking spot? Here's some garbage to clean up from your car.
Use my e-mail to spam me after buying something from you? Enjoy your low DSR ratings.
Revenge is a dish best served as cold cuts.
Bully and isolate me? Okay, I'll wreck your grades and leave.
2 cents worth of revenge.
Slow and Steady
What did the wall ever do to you?
Valets revenge
My Step-Dad and his friends' revenge against a bum friend.
Don't bully your students
Dude stole my free pizza. Within 10 minutes I have his name, possible employer, and cell phone (confirmed by text response).
He will know
Take my laundry out of the washer will you?
Part 1: The Background. Kid in my class (sort of) acts like a little prick for years; falls victim to one of the greatest pranks ever played.
Water Wars
Merry Christmas, Bitch
Be a horrible place to work for, I will cost you big bucks
Please etransfer the money asap
Preemptively slashing a thiefs tires.
Hippity hoppity, illegally parked ED. Bippity boppity, pay for your property.
Know when to shut up.
Push my friend into the road. Get yelled at. (First writing post)
Boss thought he could do anything he liked. Nope.
That's why you don't drive like a dick
How i got my annoying "friend" to insult himself
Karma visits the noisiest neighbours in the street
Wipe poop on my leg? Enjoy your poppy backpack.
Revenge of the Little Spoon
Coworker Drives Like a Maniac. I Negate the Time She Saved Plus Some.
The most petty revenge on a shitty roommate - public humiliation.
Try and get out of this one
I owe you $150? How's about it in 43 installments, friend?!
My friend made me look like an asshole, I get a little back at him.
My dog is better at petty revenge than I am
Junk food is sacred.
The problem with cheating on the smart kids is they are smart
My annoying ass neighbors
Someone hacked into our Netflix account, so I changed the profile language into Korean.
Revenge on the aggressive highway night driver.
taking revenge on my brother
Tailgating me on the highway? OK, play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
Setting: Rectal Volcano.
Take money out of my check without asking, I'll make sure I get my money's worth.
I’d like my ten cents back
Want to steal from me when you’re supposed to be the one I trust the most? Then have the audacity to refuse to give it back and stating I owed you ?????
Want Us to Carry the Project? Have Fun Getting Embarrassed in Class!
Revenge Can Be Sticky Sometimes
Can't prop doors open? Well, have fun trying to get back in!
"Can I help you with anything else" "why yes you can"
Karen gets mad at the way I bag her clothes.
Hello thieves, enjoy our crap!
My husband said something rude to me
My gf licked my arm.....
Burger flippers revenge
keep bumping into me with your back pack? have fun pulling it back up
I don't even like soda that much...
Think I'm Going To Be Lazy? I'll Do The Entire Project And Add Your Name In It!
Revenge on my last day at Arby's
I got revenge on my little brother in the worst way
Lightswitch.
The Shorts Fall History
Racist idiot posts racist post on r/prorevenge; gets minus karma on his first cake day
Bike revenge
My drug dealer called me fried....
Drive way blocker
Scammers have to deal with talkative grandpa
Plow man is my hero
Boyfriend Cheated on Me.
You can have this brownie, but you're going to have to wait for it.
Damn kids hitting garbage cans!
Never, EVER, mess with a boys dog.
Project gone
Living well truly is the best revenge
I told him not to fuck with me
Hi my name is Hannah and I’m being silenced on the public freak out forum board by my ex as we speak. Please watch this video and then go to that forum and up like. You’ll watch the epic battle unfold.
Want to leave your cart in the bushes? Have fun waiting a couple minutes
Treat me like shit? Enjoy Black Friday without your handbag specialist.
I hid the remote from my grandma so she couldn't watch her soaps.
Petty Revenge in the McDonald's Drive Thru
How to dance like a man
The deed is done!
Your new Instagram friend knows who I am now.
Petty because it's not even my revenge! Post my friend's personal information on a pathetic Go Fund Me? You messed with the wrong friend.
Truth or dare revenge
Cut me off through the bike lane? Well, I guess we can both wait here then.
Old man and a yogurt lid
someone was being a twat in the parking lot so I make their life a living hell for the next 5 minutes.
My petty revenge on a customer
Next time, let me just go to the bathroom
You'll never find them.
Only three trash bags? Okay.
Bathroom Pet Peeve
Piss me off in Dota 2? Prepare to be mildly annoyed.
Me (20-year-old) finally got revenge on my awful 12-year-old nephew... please read description for context, I know it sounds ridiculous.
Bully me for four years, I’ll ruin your backpack
Leave Your Stuff in My Office? You're Now My Boss, Not My Girlfriend
Patience is s virtue
Calico towel
Drunks in Daytona....
Man harasses my mother at T mobile
Honk at me? I'll learn you a thing or two about patience
Keep me awake before a big trip? No way José.
Коси коса, пока роса
I hope you're in a rush
Here, enjoy some pettiness with an extra side of petty at work
Cheat on me with my best friend, make my life hell, and hit me? Let's call the cops!
When I was 13 I told a lady to eat me
Not exactly that petty but still counts
Keep me up all night for your boozin? TAKE THAT!
Tell me to fuck off when I'm trying to help? Okay, enjoy your fine.
Officers don't want to move their own desks; I switch or just take them - Army
Keep complaining about doing trainings? Run your mouth at one? Ok, now you get to do them allllll.
Found a wine glass that belonged to my ex. How should I dispose of it?
Treat me like shit for no reason? Great, have fun stressing out.
Silencing a bar in Mozambique
Retail me this.
Rude old guy insults me in passing so I kindly ask him for his opinion
Degrade me and control me? Reveal your darkest secret.
Concise
Don't rack your weights after you're done? Take mine off then.
You cut me off, I make you miss the on-ramp onto the highway
Petty revenge on package thieves.
Next door neighbours and their expectations.
Noisy in the computer lab? I'll call you out!
Golfing revenge
Petty revenge against a passive-aggressive roommate.
One night at the carnival...You deserve a lot worse.
When my farts were spicier than those of the Devil.
Fuckboy gets a taste of his own medicine
Don't fuck with the person who can control the flow of your money
Guy tries to block me in traffic, gets mirror adjusted.
Roommate stopped chipping in
Turn off your headlights.
Lame reddit revenge
Beep at me because I wouldn't run over a pedestrian at a crossing?
I salute you, jerk
Yet another retail revenge story
The Moth.
Yell at an retail employee for a simple mistake? How about some public shaming!
I’m the reason my husband and a few others get so many spam phone calls and emails.
Fourth Grade - First Revenge
I got your back Mr. Mailman.
Man breaks into ex-girlfriend's house and sets her hamster free
Blindly step in front of my car? Empty your pockets, asshole.
My sister got them back
I'm wrong?!?! oh no no no no...
Karma works well for crappy managers
No more TV or Internet for you
Friend accuses me of stealing money, money was found later in his bag.
Petty water thief revenge
Kick me out after everything I've done for you? Ok
Park bad? I park worse.
Not gonna call? Guess we won’t eat!
Bar Stools, Shots, Petty Comments
Cheating Aunt Got What she Deserved (Small Karma)
Call me a liar in class?
Threw change in parking lot
We Could All Use Some Revenge Today
The worst teacher in my life.
My (28M) Girlfriend cheated twice. My revenge is simple.
🤦🏼‍♀️
Prison
Sneaky beer quaffer gets introduced to Tabasco
Childhood petty revenge memory
So you want my McDonald's, bitch?
Won't send me my rebate? I'll meet you at your office for my money.
Brother is mean to me... so i switch wifi passwords on him
Fake design contest
Finals in the Library
A-hole Workmate Has Saturday Ruined
“Karen blocked the entrance to the door of the car, so I block her car.
Touch my stuff without asking? Enjoy having baby oil in your hair (x-post from /r/badroommates)
Sometimes calm understanding and patience is the best way to destroy people.
Sriracha revenge, NSFW
She ruined a surprise party on purpose
Short two cents? Too bad.Cut me off? Enjoy cleaning up that water
Screensaver prank on manager
Left me with no ashtray again, enjoy the the 'haunting'.
Confirmed my former roommate kept eating my delicious chocolate truffles
Relentless Revenge on Ganker
Rip up my project? Get booted from my bed!
I spent two hours at work signing up a Karen for every email newsletter i could find.
George Clooney wastes my time and is made to wait
Instant “revenge” on entitled couple in a small airport
You wanna quibble over a dollar? How bout 50 cents?
Here’s your bill sir.
Don't want to do your work... I will block your youtube
You got honked at for no reason? I got you, fam.
"Bully" me for half the season? Get ready to pay the price.
Touchè muthafucker
This isn't my story saw this and thought it belonged here. crosspost from /r/Imgoingtohellforthis
Fart while I'm your barback?
This isn’t my story, but his lady painted her fence ugly colors because the neighbors made her cut down her 9ft fence to a 6ft fence https://youtu.be/4FriO91on3I
Make fun of me for being abused as a kid? Enjoy getting catfished.
I went out of my way to ruin my exes ego because she was flirting with multable guys over Snapchat on our last few dates
Blue, bitches.
Angry Karen misses light after screaming bloody murder at me

Don't rush me at red lights
Terminate my offer based on bullshit heresay? You picked the wrong person to fuck over, bitch.
Of hair and horror.
Cheat on me? Okay.
Keep upvoting stories about parked cars to my front page? Submit to my pitiful unsubscription.
Received a fraudulent call from an IRS impersonator. reported it to the IRS.
A quick and painful one
Framed a happy coworker
Wedding registry fun!
Can't keep your hands off? Looks like you're not going anywhere
Once a year
Fail to do your only job? You’re on your own buddyBrother was being a jerk, so I swapped his girlfriend and my mom's phone contact
The time I made one of my employees quit
Take credit for my work during my internship? Lick away...
Two instances of Petty Revenge. One at the gym, one on the road.
Be lazy at work? I'll make you wait an extra couple of minutes.
Huff and puff away...
You need to give us two weeks notice...
Don’t t want to clean ur own puke clean mine instead
6th grade camp revenge
Back the F up.
No breakfast? Enjoy dog licks!
You must die, I alone am best!
No, YOU have to stay later.
inspired by this classic from 2000
It's only a quarter...
Light bulb shoppingDon't piss off my wife.
Mess with me for a whole week? Enjoy having your work sleep with the fishes
Next time the United Airlines CEO has a restaurant reservation, allow him to take his seat, then shortly thereafter tell him he must give up his table for restaurant employees and take a later reservation as he has been involuntarily bumped.
Fueled my spirits
Creative sabotaging ideas
Strand me in another city with no $$? I tell your hometown your darkest secret.
Dealing with a bully
Park too close to me? That's ok, I'll just 'bump' your mirror and cause it to fold in.
Nag me constantly? I'll get the last nag.
You shrugged, so I'll shrug back
Bully me, i'll ruin your day
Harry Potter and the Petty Revenge
Drink my water? Drink my waste.
Our neighbor steels my bike.
Cab driver lied to us, so we got back
Crazy Vet Client Leaves Something Important Behind After Calling Me Incompetent
Since our theme seems to be petty flight revenge today
"I win."
The faimly high
Toys and Kiosk clerks.
I go eat at the place my friend has been wanting to go to, without her.
Attack of the lice
Want some loud music?
The Awful Librarian
Let your boyfriend cuss me out? Good luck getting a job.
Don't piss off my dog
Have loud parties until 5 AM when I have work at 8, huh, roommate? Hope you enjoy that beer.
Friend betrayed ME, So I got the revenge he deserved.......
Don't mess with me, your password is your first cat's name.
Constant and repeated petty revenge
Kid constantly annoys me and after retaliation becomes my friend
If you act like a bitch, people won't like you.
Sticky Sweet Revenge
Refuse to leave me alone? I'll find something else to do.
I bought my ex best friend a deck of cards
Got revenge at the boat launch today
Be a dickhead, be minorly inconvenienced.
Payments don't always come in cash.
Picked her up and called the boyfriend.
Be nice to those who control your pickup orders.
Talk shit to my face, good thing I'm multilingual.
A girl lied to cheat a meal from me. Let see how catfishing her would suit her.
"Do you have any proof?"
Eat my pop-tart? Have fun getting those skins
Scare me and my dog? Be annoyed everytime I walk by your house.
Block the door? Enjoy standing up!
Elevator pettiness
My brother was just an irredeemable prick to me about 20 mins ago
Roommate is loud af at 3am
Complain about hackers and then you hack? BAN.
Oh, did you want to be in the right lane?
Petty Pencil Pest
Neighbor couldn’t take the heat after mutilating my sister’s pet fish
My parents want me to run cross country, but I don't want to
Convenience store owner treated me like shit, so I made his store sticky.
Strangled this cocky little fucker
Bar lady shoots down a pilot
Took a mini revenge on seller
Extra onion
You go onto my account in PS4 and curse 100 people from my friends list? I hope you LOVE exposure, snitching, and jealousy.
My most savage one-liner comeback.
the academic way of getting back at a shit-talker
Throw your money at me? Thanks for the tip.
The time I outed a homophobe
Fine I guess you don't want to send it out
Ruined his dessert
Customers that put money on the counter instead of my outstretched hand.
Dont make fun of womens soccer!
Treat me bad in the relationship? enjoy smelling like throw up.
Tw: R*pe. I wrote letters to an ex housemate who raped me, so if he ever reads them they will REALLY annoy him.
Act like a douche? Enjoy the pink paper clips.
Trouble with an asshole in my parking spot
You're doing WHAT in my bathroom?!
Dude hit my car, dodged the insurance company for 2 months, and FINALLY paid up today... But I need a little extra revenge to stick it to him.
Say no to helping a co-worker out, lose the tip...
I hid food :)
You resign when we need you the most? Have fun filling the printer with paper.
Eastern European steals my window seat and I make her pay for it
Don't Kick The Chair Of The Tall Guy In Front Of You
Stub my toe? Put more work into your milk!
I fattened up my bully who I thought was my friend (26f) who I thought was my friend because of her constant bullying because of my weight.How I got petty revenge on someone's habit of not picking up dog poop
Don't be rude when I have access to your drinks
The Sh*t Storm -Literally
Pleas help me be petty.
Rise and shine, scouts
Don't fuck with an Australian. Mate.
Your Grace Period Is Over
Don't know how to be a good airplane seatmate? Hope you enjoy not looking out the window.
Talk trash behind my back while I have a big crush on you? Have fun failing an important test.
Why the fuck you lying?! GTFO WITH YO LYING ASS LOL
Don't steal my table
Stop raiding my desk stash!
Keep me waiting for plans you made? Ninja vanish!
Refuse to mow the lawn while my husband is injured? No problem. I’ll do it.
Petty revenge on my sister
The neighbours like to party hard at 3 AM
Double Glazing annoying salesperson
Sexist builder meets slack jawed idiot and gets time wasted.
Don't steal my tangerines
My girlfriend makes me put down the toilet seat...
Smartass teacher finds...
Revenge on someone's phone number
How to get back at my little brother without getting in trouble with my parents?
Want me to move your stuff after a good dirt bike ride? Enjoy moving it
Obey the rules of stall usage
I just follow the rules..
META - I don't understand why my post was automatically flagged
Unrealized revenge months later.
I hope your urine harvest is bountiful
I Takes It Where I Can Gets It
Angry customer won't be getting closure after I was 'rude'.
Just do it, I don't care how
Childish friend came up with a game to get back at friends for being roasted too often.
Big muffler, little dick, big...
Act snobby at a restaurant? Enjoy being scarred for life.
Never call me an a--hole on stream while I'm a mod, or else you're lonely for the rest of the stream.
When you are not petty enough but you try anyway
Petty salty revenge.
Someone in my frat has been stealing my detergent. I hope the color white looks good on you. Every day.
Girl gets hit with her own words
Ongoing petty revenge battle with friend's girlfriend
Putting a perv in his place while accidentally getting him arrested.
An opportunity not taken.
I got my revenge
You mess with us, we hurt your family
Made laxative brownies for the girl my boyfriend was cheating on me with.
Spoil a game I waiting 10 years for? I'll just delete your game file
EM ACCUSES ME OF RAPE ON HER DAUGHTER.... Im a girl...
Petty revenge on an entitled guest
I Gave My Aunt A Chia Pet
My boss is a dick, so I take the week off
Take up two parking spaces for your truck? Fuck you.
A sister's revenge
Douchebag revenge.
Petty-revenged my way out of scrubbing dishes
I was a freelancer who didn't get paid for his work. See if you can guess what alteration I made to the site.
Damage me emotionally and think you can get away with it?
My small victory over my bratty stepsister.
Payroll makes me lose out on holiday pay
Friend spoils endgame for extreme MCU fan (no spoilers)
Upstaging my annoying partner in music class.
Upstairs neighbor drives almost insane as he is.
Sometimes you just need to do what they say..
My petty revenge story
Girl I had a brief crush on in middle school bullied me for SIX years. A decade later, PAYBACK
Laugh in the face of someone you just hit? Get smacked in the shins.How I slowly ruined my cheating friend's love life.
Should I or shouldn't I
Professor sleeps during my presentation
(22M) Why am I debilitated by the thought of my ex having sex with another person when I don’t want to have sex with them myself?
Don’t give seven year old me a beaver tail, see what happens.
Sorry I peed on your floor
Cold-blooded toddler
{}{}{}
Slack off during work, leave my friend to do everything alone, and suck up to the higher-ups? We'll see about that...
My cousin and I took turns spitting in my other cousins drink.
If you want something done right, do it yourself.
My tour bus was parked-in
My girlfriend's revenge
Someone I defended in game was a jerk to me so I won the game in a way they hated
Today I got revenge on a rude staff member at a roller rink.
Bully damages my laptop, gets sent to Spain childprotection instutution.
I did the meanest thing I could think of. (x-posted)
Jewel Osco shakeup
Loud ass neighbor adores his shitty car...
Virginity rocks
I got alcohol poisoning on the night before heading for vacation
People riding your bumper
A hero of the working man
Slam the dor in my face? good luck getting to your locker.
I sure got him!
Future Last Day Revengepetty revenge on a school bully
Rude and smelly lottery counter receives my reveng
Infectious Lunch
Call me girl? Get sent to the office.
It's the Little Things!
So disappointed in myself
I gave a co-worker credit for a design she hated.
I Get Back at My Stepdad For Rude Comments About My Vegetarianism
Can I have my cards back? No? Well, we have a problem then.
Some small petty revenge.
Dad pulls a bot prank on Slack
Stalking me on Facebook means you're guaranteed to see some stuff you really don't like
Boy Harassing my friend in discord gets set-up because, why not?
Let's go for a swim!
When my girlfriend broke up with me I shaved my facial hair because she liked it.
What level would be below "petty"?
Don't leave advertising fliers at my door!
Make us clean up your shit? That’s fine, bc you won’t be able to wipe your shit later.
Neighbor repeatedly leaves his junk mail on the ground in the lobby. I return it for him.
Have fun explaining that one to everybody
A math teacher revenge on me. I did deserve it.
My neighbor acted like he was going to run me over...ideas?
Dads petty revenge
Free Apartment Slam
If I'm gonna be your taxi, I expect Payment.
Nazi Chick gets what's coming to her
Stole $250,000 and fled the country? I’ll post your criminal record on a website with your namesake
Keep the change!
Demand to use the TV after my brother gave paid you not to, not to mention the fact it's his TV? Then ruin my room? Get your book ruined mate.
Don't sit at my coffee table...
Have fun getting your cable back
Hey, they took our money!
poo on my doorstep? have it back
"What do you mean you can't find my uniform?"
I warned you!
Petty Runs on Dunkin'-In which the cops and a Dumpster are involved...
Sit on the end if my bed to use the charger? You won’t again
So you got a new cat...
Discord Pokemon
Real man have real speakers . . .
Act like a dick to me and our friends? No more D&amp;D for you.
Getting my ex fired...
Old roommate stole over $5,000 worth of my stuff when she moved out. Finally got my ultimate petty revenge.
"You wanna move?", IDK, "You wanna be quiet?"
Dont be rude to phone people.
Sorry I'd tip you but I have a migraine..
Lock me out? Fine, say goodbye to your christmas present (on going revenge).
Shitty Roommates? I'll leave them a nice gift.
Expose Me? Get Drenched In Your Own Drink
Pick up your own change
My personal victory is their embarrassment
Don't touch my account
They’re mine now
Broke a bottle and stole a sign.
My fiancee got back at me.
Be annoying and draw on my friends expensive backpack? How about losing all your work and having to do your essay again.
A long waited revenge
No ice, ice, baby.
Filter your own damn water!
Somebody parked in my bike with theirs, it took me 10 frustrating minutes to get mine out. So I changed all the gears on his bike so when he gets on the gears will be messed up.
gave the poor guy a little justice
Landlord asks for more rent, I ask him to fix things first, knowing he won’t fix them
Revenge in the mosh pit
my ex best friend is now madly in love with my ex boyfriend.....but he’s still fucking me
WORDY MOFOSReboot and reboot again
My Petty Revenge Story
Ant bit me so I ate it along with all it's comrades
Shitbag Chronicles, Part 2: Batch File Fun
Ollie
You ain’t getting that seat
The parking garage
Where can I give a scammers phone number?
I quit my job.
Park where it's clearly marked not to? We'll tow your ass!
Telling the entire middle school who the queen of seventh grade crush was.
Steal my shit, clean my shit
The bowls needed cleaned!
My favorite revenge.
I fear the sound of my own name. College will be amazing.
Ticket touting at an unreasonable price and brag to me about it? I don't think so
Scavenger hunt in the library?
Try to bully me? Hah! Good luck with that!
Endanger my life? I can do the same if I want to, and I'll sabotage your startup
The great Hello Kitty Wall
Bully a small person? you get what you deserve
Messy and Rude on a Plane
Hold up the long lines at the movie theater you little punk?
Helped a co-worker exact petty revenge.
Fan too noisy? Here, have a louder one.
My cousin took my parking spot so I made sure she couldnt park anywhere near the house
Cranky boss gets no dinner
Roommates forced me to move so I left them nasty surprises.
You like to play music loudly? We can too.
Wrote a letter to my “loving”brother
Small but subtle.
Coworker tries to get me to sexually harass waitresses. I break him of the habit instead
How do I make this petty in my favor?
The crosswalk at my college
Check that rating!
My awesome neighbour
A short sardine tale
Shitty friend revenge
Small Penis Cars, Gay Porn and Fuck The Police
Make me go to Costco twice? The second time will take awhile.
Garbage
I'm keeping it.
I need petty revenge advice
In a rush to get somewhere? Here, let me help.
Take a handicap spot when you aren't handicapped? have fun cleaning your nice car!
Revenge by tipping
My Mom’s Petty Revenge on My Elementary School Nurse
Take my bar shifts away? Congratulations on your new title.
Bend my rare card? NO PIE FOR YOU!!
So you don't like dandelions, eh?!
Insults beget puns
Can you roll me a cigarette?
Surgeons of reddit, have you ever had someone die during surgery? If so... what did you do with them?
Whizz on the seat?
You scratch my back, I scratch your back.
Tailgate me? Have fun with your ticket!!
Lazy Parking Lot Revenge
Use your words next time. :)
Macho Math Teacher Can Suck It
"Wet"-ty Revenge
Don't talk on your phone when you ask me for help.
Hired and fired
Getting revenge with paint
Kill me 100's of times on a Minecraft server? Let's grief a little...
Sometimes it's life that serves up the petty revenge right on time.
Try To Scam Me Once Shame Shame On You- Try Twice and I Waste Your Time
Bully me? Enjoy a face full of urine.
Keep covering my eyes or try to distract me while I kill a in-game boss? Get ready to suffer.
Trying to scam people? Let me help expose you
Finally ready to take the perfect revenge on my crazy housemate
Petty revenge against a child 13 years younger than me.
Poor Service? Vengeance, best served petty.
Mess me around, I'll use your competitor.
Deny my claim? Fine, I'll hoist all of you (especially Jane) by your own petard...
Another tale about the Whiskered Wire Cutter
Neighbor thinks she owns every tree on the shared fenceline
Lady lectures me on customer service, Mom charges double on her order
Mothers revenge
The pettiest of petty, Among Us edition
Stop leaving glass where we walk dogs!
Former roommate decide to try use my tools... End up prevent him from using it, ruining his and his girlfriend's trip.
I absolutely LOVE people who pay with pennies!
Teacher bullies my brother, looses job and gets blacklisted by most schools in my state
No, Its more important for the piano salesman to practice, not the customer to test out any of the pianos...
You crowd my car in a company vehicle...
Faking Dress-up
There's a line for the bench presses...
Let me introduce you to my religion, its called "Linus Tech Tips"
Take down my stuff? Fine, but it’s coming out of your paycheck
Block my car in? I'll ram your car to get out.
Always complain about guests parking in "your spot". Enjoy not being able to park there for two weeks.
Don’t slash my team
I'm trying to make a petty revenge story right now
Can you count that high?
I left smoked salmon underneath my terrinle roommate's mattress.
Enjoy opening your car door
Don't confirm what you want to do for your Christmas do, enjoy the petting zoo!
Good Old Petty Canadian Revenge
Let them eat NOTHING
Prankster cadet instructor gets chapped when we prank him back... so we go underground.
Couldn't wait 2 minutes? How's 15?
Can't (or won't) stand up? I win, douchebag.
Mr. Mish
Don't pay your fare like the rest? Then you have to slow down a little
I need help with this one
Tailgate me? Ok, be spat on
Kleenex Basketball
Well done for bullying me for 5 years! Here’s a free Big Mac!
That mold will get you every time
Getting revenge on asshole truck driver
Entitled, whiny, messy roomate
If his sole ever comes off...
Steal my Project? Have fun in ISS
Seatbelt Revenge
Bathroom Revenge at the Office
Door dinger revenge
Play Loud Music til 4am? I'll blast mine at 5am on your speaker.... GOOD MORNING.
How a clap changed it all
I always get even
Girl breaks my best friend’s heart, harasses me throughout their relationship, then continues to talk shit once it’s over. I, in turn, make her lose her best friend of 3 years.
Renting out the entire pool
Moisturize well
Dump A Customer on Me? Enjoy Your Disciplinary Meeting With Your TL
Steal my preworkout? Enjoy my old protein powder...
Waste my time when I order a coffee? Enjoy a bad review. 378 times.
I screwed a lazy teammate on a minor project
Malicious compliance to cafeteria bullies
Husband gets sandy beer and really clean clothes.
Neighbors dogs
Just looking at my neighbours
Waste my time at work? I'll accidentally ruin your office supplies.
Chewing Gun revenge
Not so popular now are you buddy!?
Boss's Wife Thought Toys-For-Tots Was "Tacky"
Screw them will ya, well screw you
insult my parents Wait what’s that your phoneSpam this number to assist in my petty revenge
Don't rudely yell at me
No more egging houses for you!
He Nearly Hit A Pregnant Woman!
I am female, I work tech support, and I get a sexist on the phone.
Coworkers Christmas Present Revenge
Cop tried to get me for 5MPH over to meet his end of month quota, I wasn’t having it.
New Dr.
Chivalry can be petty as well
Want to listen to your stereo at full volume until 4am when I told you I have work at 7? Guess who's getting a wake up call.
Sunday afternoon at the theaters.
A guy put out his fist for me to bump in front of our entire class but I left him hanging because he made fun of the way I said something less than 45 minutes earlier.
We ain't moving!
I love you mom, but this means war
Extortion doesn't pay
Cheat on me for the entire year of our relationship? Watch me sabotage your dates through stand up.
My roommate didn't trust me so I gave him a reason not to trust me.
My previous employer forced me to leave the business...
she didn't invite me to her birthday party, i stole something from her and then didn't do anything with it/threw it away
Ukraine can't war Russia
You want hygiene???
Parking Wars
Changing a coworker's behaviour
Karma is a female dog in clash of clans
Fail to manage your time wisely? I WILL loudly shame you in front of everyone here.
I drugged my brother to play the PS4
Ruin my rainy day, I ruin your car
Try to kick that ball over the fence you jerk kids.
Work revenge.
Cut the water in my house? Better park correctly
Come on time to the bus stop please.
Short but VEEERY petty
Nearly run me down? No directions for you.
Almost ran me over? Enjoy touching spit
What are you, 12? No, Im 29. But obviously you are.
Dickhead neighbour tried to get a car towed for taking up a space in front of his house on a clear street gets denied
If you're going to insult me, get it right.
Be shits to your brother (my husband)? Allow me to humblebrag in return.
Call me retarded? Ok, guess I am now
My wife's and my biggest pet peeve is people who bring their dogs grocery shopping (actual service animals excluded, of course.) It's especially grating when they put them in the cart so they can rub their little doggy asses all over where we put our food... Today we bought dog whistles
But if you leave we are going to fail
Eat shit Mr. Crow!
Don't wake me up in the middle of the night
Old MacDonald had a pig....
I got a classmate in trouble by searching up porn on his computer
Fight me Rachel
Stories from a call centre: I got a bitch fired.
Be an utter bitch to me? We'll see what happens.
Park that close to me?
Laggy internet for you.
What happens when two Americans disturb a sleeping Scottish man on a bus
I get creative revenge on my bully
Bully my friend at Chuckee Cheese’s? I’ll have you waste all your tokens playing a game all you can do is lose at.
Im back reddit
Flip my dad off, he’ll give you a reason to flip him off
No chores, no wi-fi
On Hold
Revenge to dye for
Steal my umbrella, get a glitter shower.
Good French, Bad French
My mom keeps pushing me to finish my breakfast faster so I can dye her hair.
I love snarky gifts.
Cut me off parking? Enjoy sitting in traffic.
Your photos will be ready....NEVER!
The time I got my back on a distuptive student
Enjoy being rude to your customers? Start preparing that resumé!
I’ve unleashed a lawn gnome army to intimidate my neighbor into leaving me alone.
The Algroshawga Pt 2: the laundry room
Petty teacher tried to make me fail
Judgemental Taxi driver
Looks like someone else gets your kill, fucker.
Threaten to lie and accuse my kids of damaging your car? I think I'll keep my camera footage of your car actually being hit. (TL;DR @ the bottom)
My roommate, the cunt.
My brother was an abominable twat, and was defeated as such.
Telemarketer calls my office phone about 7 times a day
Save money on hauling coins around? Um, I don't think so.
Brightlight me? Enjoy the speed limit.
Knock on my door despite my no soliciting sign, just sit on the curb and forget about selling anything in my town for the rest of your day
The number 7048707742 continually calls saying they fucked my boyfriend. Will not leave me alone. Please mess with them.
Caught a scammer
Parents demanded a wedding invite.
Petty Revenge at Holiday Giftwrapping
THAT'S why you don't mess with karma.
No more internet for you
kid verbally abuses me so lock him in a rink
Petty revenge on my almost 70 year old sister
Crumby revenge
Blue Urine
taco bell revenge
Offer me a 60 cent wage. I'll force you to raise wages or people have a new job.
Unsupervised teenagers at a concert.
Reading the same novel series I am through the same library as me eh?
Facebook Revenge
...so I'm short now?
Try to use me? No.
Nightmare neighbour finally gotten removed from building.
My getting ready in the morning annoys you? Have fun missing the conference.
I saw what you did!
The last straw
Don't lie about picking up after your dog.
The Turnabout Dolly
Wanna be an asshole on the highway? Enjoy missing your exit.
Cheat off my work, nice try failing the class.
Try to photograph a traffic accident? Not on my watch...
Revenge on lazy mom!
Sucky Wanna-be co-worker.
Your Car Sir...
The Devil’s Hair
Petty revenge against a rude customer
Be rude? Hear my high pitched scream
Guy starts shoving people to get into a building, instant revenge is taken
"Hey, dude! Smell my fingers!"
Our 8th grade Manhattan project
Steal my Work? Have Fun Stealing This One!
Revenge of Grandma: Old Lady Smashes Punk’s Windshield for Stealing Her Parking Spot
Uncle Tommy shoots my mom prepare for the rthe okka
A very petty chipmunk
Drive and act like an entitled jerk? Almost hit a kid? You’ll lose your car.
Liquor store revenge
Parking Revenge in DC
Best Spell to Get your True Love Back | Spell To Separate
Found out my narcissistic, bitch sister who has put me down for years is very mildly allergic (? idk if thats the right word) to parseley
Desks are for plants, not paperwork
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Don't want to use my leftover parking meter time FOR FREE? Fine.
The signs say "NO TRUCKS ON LEFT LANE", idiot.
How I avoided my bullies
You want to cheat on me and blame it on me? Good Luck!
My mom has a bad-ass comment for a Jerk
An important question
When a “friend” steals from me...
I WAS going to tip you, until that.
Petty revenge double take....."No"means "No" you hag.."
Any ideas or stories on how to get revenge on people who illegally pass in the breakdown lane in traffic? (Story in description)
Park like shit? good luck getting out...
I didn't ask for your opinion
Cut my off in McDonalds drive through..
He had it coming /featuring r/entitled parents
friends boyfriend took the piss...so i drank all his beer
Pettiest Revenge
Friend hid my shoes at work, covered his entire apartment and belongings in tinfoil.
Boss is an ass, I made him waste 2 minutes of his 'precious time'
I need help/suggestions for a petty revenge!
Driving school tried to scam me, this is my payback you can help me
Queue jumping ain't getting you anywhere lady
Get cocky over a goal? Nice vision.
Snowy Sunday Showdown
i wonder if they're proud
unreasonable much? let me annoy you with a black screen
Copying an oc? Fine I’ll draw the original to put yours to shame
"Handicapped Parking" is for handicapped people - not rich ones.
Hello? Grandma?
I masturbated into my wife's coffee because she had an affair
My wrath rides on the wind
Consider it a trauma fee
Revenge on annoying cashier
Pay attention to your children, especially when you are old and dying...
No respect for your basement neighbors? Enjoy forced "quiet time".
Sweet Tea Revenge
Lazy Co-worker called out
How do you get revenge on noisy ass dorm mates / roommates?
Dog did his business on my bed...
My neighbour keeps steeling my garbage cans, any ideas on how to fuck with her?
Shitty landlord? Enjoy your water bill.
I'ma murder that bitch with water
Etiquette on public transportation
Mickey doesn't touch meat
If you want to drive dangerously...
Don’t like the fact that the cat I am housing for 2 weeks is being rambunctious despite the fact that your dog howls all night/every night? Fine, I guess it’s time for some revenge.
Shitty roommate (long but sweet and satisfying 😈)
Enjoy waiting in line for more time
Revenge on my "anonymous" bully (ex bestie)
Petty revenge over a car park...
"i destroy everything"
Keep pulling on the busted, occupied bathroom stall door? Be prepared to see my vagina
Step on me again and see what happens
Earning my parking spot
Open office plan? You might not want to have conference calls there...
Fire me and my mum will get you in trouble
Scream at me over your screw up? Have fun paying for it
petty friends vs swastika girls
So you needed that info after all. Well, it is not mine to give.
Why you shouldn't be a dick to someone in a close-knit community
"To the chicken lovers"
Copy my exams all year? OK, but just wait until the final.
Ruin kindergarten for me because of my disability? Have fun explaining this to your boss!
She demanded I give her a wheelchair. I'm a jail nurse. We don't do "demands".
Well, you pissed off a songwriter, and that's not my problem
Does it smell like KFC?
Petty and ongoing, recommendations needed
Don't be an asshat!
Leaving the old landlord with ants because HAH!
Petty sandwich revenge
Everyone hates a sales(girl)'s cold call…
Don't want to pa my friends and I for shoveling for you so you wouldn't have to? Have fun shoveling it yourself!
Stoplight Assholes
Fast food revenge
She lied to me (Advice needed)
How I turned my entitled roommates cat against her
You want to be a shitty roommate? Fine by me.
Be rude to my and careless with your equipment? Enjoy your replacement!
Legs McNeil, of Please Kill Me fame, not above a little Petty Revenge. (xpost Funny)
Slipped my Mind
Pack of Dogs, Irresponsible Owner, Pettyrevenge
Ways to get back at someone who is ignoring you?
No dishes? That's a shame
You're not getting that voucher, you degrading buttplug
Buggy revenge
Scam me out of $725? Have fun dealing with your mother.
Parking Petty Revenge
Make my work harder? I make your worse.
Taste my petty banana-flavored vengeance.
(NSFW) "F--k you, Neckbeard c:"
An FU Cake x-post with r/lgbt
Disregard the bubble and I waste your time
Petty Driver
Kicked her right in the face.
My former boss' former boss just asked me for a job
I tell on 3 kids for smoking cigs on school grounds got 12 kids suspended and a bully expelled
I'm a cashier.
Petty revenge on my husband and his office girlfriend
One Large Petty Revenge for the douchebag mother who smacked her child
Friend bailed on a day I planned out because he spent his money on Belle Delphine’s bath water. So I got him into a group call with her ex who exposed to him that she bathes with her partners
Petty revenge at public toilets
The time my boss rustled my jimmies so I robbed him
When I get spam calls I tell them this is my work phone and to call me on my personal phone. I give them the phone number of an old friend who screwed me over big time.
Stole my gift cards
Take a personal grudge out on me? Guess I'll humiliate you in front of the entire school department.
Working as a beer delivery guy, new owner thinks he's getting shorted, I gladly "correct" his order.
Think you got away with trying to cheat on your gf?.... Think again
Be an impatient asshole? You get charged for it...
Barge in front of me while in line?
Girl try to snitch
Wanna drive like an asshole? I'll drive properly
This warms my heart: Baristas everywhere robbing douchey customers of their caffeine fix
Dogs learn pretty quickly.
Want to Tailgate us? Face the consequences.
Be a dick, get a dick
Henna revenge
I did exactly what my Karen coworker complained about me doing and there was nothing she could do about it.
My “friend” tried to convince me my fiancé was cheating so I exposed her to her parents.full on home alone
Bully Gets Owned
Blame me? Start a rumor? Later Gator.
Lockers
Touch me inappropriately and body shame me in middle school? Good luck recovering your reputation!
Stop Payment on a Check when I'm Helping You Out?!?
The Smack Heard ‘Round The WorldGet me expelled, have fun ;)
Paypal petty revenge
Steal my turn at washing machine? Hope you enjoy the unexpected surprise.
Hope you find out who did that to you.
Is this shit too mean or a great lessen that karma's a bitch?
Paying the idiot tax
Boys take all the candy, get taught a lesson by Pennywise
No asparagus for you!
L want to steal our stuff? Well you ain't selling your damn house or keeping the shit we graciously gave you. Oh and say hi to the IRS for me.
Thanks for the ps3
Try and steal my boyfriend back? Fuck you and your spelling mistakes!
Lines of Coke with the Boss's Daughter
Random Stranger Parks In My Driveway
Mustard Water Milk
Watching a Classic petty revenge take place, just as good!
Gum at Disneyland.
There's enough room for two cars. Mow the lawn like a nice neighbour.
Move your hours to later in the day, every day? Add 8 hours to all of your shifts, broseph.
Kid gets cast as punishment?
My dad's friend kept pushing my buttons over real petty stuff, so I bought his violent reoffender son who was stranded after getting out of prison a ticket to the city, picked him up near the depot and dropped him off two blocks from his dad's house.
Jerk step dad shows out, a little revenge
An angry gang of teenagers want Bacardi
Paralyzed my bully
Facebook petty revenge
Never mess around in a games trading menu!
Petty Dodgeball Revenge
My friend ate the bully's cough sweets (honestly sounds boring lol)
Let me talk to your manager!
No Doctor Who for you!
A passive aggresive teacher get's a passive-aggresive homework assignment
My friend is a master.
Ex cheated on me. Threw a party full of girls.
Woman applauding during major fight scene in the movie. Good luck with a criminal record
Teacher singles me out
Maybe it's the next right. Or the next one. Or the next one.
Two can play at this game, sir.
Got traction?
Scream above me constantly? Enjoy waiting to be able to dry your laundry.
Pee in a cup!
Another parking lot &amp; "private parking only" story
Irritate Me In Call Of Duty Black Ops II And I Shall Do Something Back
Charge Station Parking Spot Taken
Full moon
CARTOON BETTER FOR GRANDSON!!
Cut me off? Bitch I'm on a bike.
Give me a 2€ lighter for my birthday? I will remember.
A PSN friend "Donated" blood for a video game!!!
Say I can't work? Enjoy shoveling your driveway
Talk to me like a child, I’ll out bake you at every turn
I ripped my brother's towel off and shot him with a nerf gun after he stole the shower from me
Ever wondered why you don't leave your ex with security access?
School bus revenge
Revenge is a dish best served with an ungodly amount of ground pepper.
My husband abused me and cheated on me while I was pregnant
Oofed an annoying guy in French class
Call me a whore? Good luck buying new clothes.
Don't handle your stuff around the house? Have some hair.
Lock me out of my phone? Watch me get into your facebook.
sOThe annoying train ride
I added all the words my boss couldn't spell into the Microsoft word dictionary before I left.
I don't care what you are, DON'T TAKE MY FOOD!!!
Small revenge for an annoying vegetarian
I need you all to call this number.
Think I've just been the victim of a petty revenge!
My old boss talked shit about me, so I ruined her relationship.
Getting threatened for knocking too loudly
Are you enjoying the calls lazy ass?
Throw me shade and I’ll expose you for the hypocrite you are
Checkmate, bitch!
sit in your own seats
Satisfying revenge on me SO's ex
Want to be overly sensitive? Alright, let’s play.
I asked you, don't make me do it
I forced my roommate to move.
I hope you enjoy slight inconveniences, professor.
Constantly going to make me deal with your shit and wait on you? Have fun failing your class.
Sweet Squeaky Revenge
Who drank my P?
Free sample on Facebook
Give me shit for blocking the door for 5 seconds? Enjoy being late to work.
Not good enough for your son? Give it a decade...
My wife and her friends laughed at me because I was (am) clueless about fashion designers. COLD Revenge
Getting Shorted in the Bathroom
Shitty boss
Keep waiting for your package
Going to mess me up as a teen, good luck seeing your grandkids!
Another Petty Revenge Road Rage Story
Standing up for my sister
School wants to disable sign-in to Chrome and block access to arbitrary sites? Hah.
Mug-Gate 2018: Ultimate Pettiness. TLDR at bottom.
Ding dong don't
Weatherman's Necktie (x-post from /r/funny)
Tailgate me, get a ticket.
Kid takes my school ID I hold class after school
Petty Booger Revenge
Ruined my crazy roommate’s party
Princesszilla trying to take over my Birthday
Paid App nags user to purchase new paid version? Enjoy multiple bad reviews.
Be a cow? I'll get you one.
You had fun? I'm calling the owner
My Ex was Lying To Me, I Only Found Out From His Ex
I left my job as an intern after 1.5 months to make double the salary because the only other intern I worked with thought he was better than me
Went to jail...was lied on....but i made it
Don't act like you own the road...
You picked the wrong seat to be rude.
Send me abusive message, I expose your lies.
Enjoy the stains, you miserable prick
She insulted me, I stole her job. (Short)
The Iron Price
When someone doesn't do anything cut the branch and let them flail
Ex boyfriend gets petty revenge on me
Don't be rude to your flight attendants, either, please.
I Already Can't See, Asshole
Trash for a Trashy Customer
Wanna charge me $50 restocking fee for false advertisement? Get ready to waste time on the phone for 2 hours.
Blasting bass heavy music in the middle of a work week? Enjoy some white noise, lad.
someone stole from me a while ago
Taught a coworker a lesson in revenge.
Kick me out for no reason? I'll make sure you fail.
No clippers for you.
Cheat on a friend of a friend's mom? Lose custody.
Cheating ex messaged me, told her to fuck off and posted it to Instagram
Two can break the rules
Spiteful Purchase
『BAm』WAr 1 0 『COm』ㅣ▷ 밤워 ◁ㅣ강남오피∼비너스｟남영동오피｠《구미역오피》
Made bosses son drink dirt dishwater instead of energy drink.
Help me get revenge on my bitch stepmother and her snake daughter
My lying ex who got me fired from my job several months agoI have another job now and it’s a better job than what i had before (if only he knew) He did this in retaliation of me exposing his lies. I need someone to post an ad on CL with his info or even file a complaint about him at his employer.
Droped the winner bomb on this guy
My dad got some wholesome petty “revenge” on the girls who “insulted” me
Forget my ginger ale? Forget my safety.
don't cut me off next time
Table of kids treat me poorly, tip under 10% then return to ask for the tip back so they can afford a movie. What they don't know is that they left something behind...
road justice
High School Bully gets snitched on
Steal the Computer I've Been Waiting 30 Minutes For, Suffer the Consequences
Leave the lights on will ya?
Scam Call center Scammed
Uncle Gets embarresed beacause of meThis is Endgame. Behave appropriately, mmmmkay?
I laminated a 30 day notice onto my roommate’s door with packing tape so he would not have the catharsis of ripping it off when he sees it
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery
Blackmail me into flashing? I will ruin your reputation.
Extremely petty email revenge
Try to Blame my Mom Get Flipped Off
Delusions of Grandeur? Let's test that out.
Call in on a busy day, I don't stay to help you anymore
Birthday revenge!
Call Me A Bad Name? Enjoy Having Next To No Money!
I ruined my roommate’s night out by lying to her
Guy bullies me, realizes his mistake a year later.
Say it to the class
Whiny freshmen don't get what they want
Don't interrupt my work, assholes.
Call my friend naive for stating true facts? I have no problem ruining your day.
Took revenge on the dump truck people and my neighbor by blasting future at 12 am
Say's the one who had more than 5 late assignments
This person's response sounded somewhat rude to me, so instead of saying, "very nice work!" I decided to omit the "very".
So sorry you couldn't close early again.
I taught a kid a lesson.
Live-in ex-girlfriend gets a hairy scissor surprise (mildly NSFW)
Help me get revenge.
Little girl made me miserable so I framed her with a forged letter and stole her friends
Ready for spring
My dad gets revenge on a Karen
You want to tailgate me? I'll use a semi to block you in.
Making the Best of a Shitty Situation
Don't do your chore? Fine, I'll just slowly kill your expensive vacuum
Rude fast food staff. Fine, I'll have a meal on the house.
Couldn't have said it better myself...
The same family tears up the park I work at every year
Make excuses to miss the bus? Enjoy being tormented by your peers
The quiet ones can do damage too
Catfish me? Get ready to feel nervous for a day or two!
Turd
Want to fire me? Enjoy your audit.
##प्रसिद्ध ज्योतिषी##+91-9649320175 hUSBAND WIFE*/*PROBLEM*/*sOLUTION bABA jI
Steal my lunch? I'll edit your PowerPoint.
That's right EAT MY RAGE- x-post from /TalesFromRetail
Racing an elevator.....
Wanna be a douche and try to get around traffic? Go ahead...
"I just want you to want to be here."
Revenge on the Avocado Thief 🥑
The Cute One
Making a mole hill out of a mountain
I guess if you didn’t talk to her before kissing her, you couldn’t have known her boyfriend lived in your dorm...
Fuss me out no dessert for you
You want to be annoying? I’ll break your ankles.
Crappy neighbour is loud at night so I do the same while he is trying to sleep
petty revenge on my neighbor while shoveling snow
The downside of living in an apartment complex...
Loud talky food eaty subway slob gets what's comin'
What is the equivalent to 30 pieces of silver?
Not sure is it belongs here, but seems Petty to me.
All the Lucky Charms.
Never mess with friends
Be Rude to my boyfriend, bye bye to your lamp and fan privileges
Mother in law made a racist comment and I burned her so petty it was delicious
Brother would not clean his hair from the shower drain. So I made him clean it up but it wasn't just his hair.
You're an insufferable asshole on the road? You get what you deserve.
Stolen underwear + itching powder.
Try to stalk us now.
Dealing with second years in the lunchline.
Don't judge a customer by his clothing, or you'll lose 30+ years worth of business from him
Get my dog almost hit by a car? Guess you can’t drive anymore.
Take that, you jerk!
Mess up my sandwich, I’ll mess up your job
They screwed up my order AGAIN
Make your homework
I told a woman and her baby that I was sick with coronavirus...
Love seeing people stealing my lunch, my favorite food revenge on the way.
Who's got to clean now?
Crabby Bedtime
Cheating Ex, His Side Chick and other shenanigans
Manage like poop, you gonna clean poop.
“I ain’t getting younger!”
You done goofed, little bro
jerk owner does a "switcheroo" on me. Ends up being a precursor to something unexpected. NSFW (x post from talesfromyourserver)
Believe your lying little shit daughter? Enjoy my spiders!
Keep your friends close and your rude customers closer
I peed in my Ex StepDad’s styling gel.
Try to bully me on FB? Enjoy your free quotes.
Never drive like an idiot in the snow
Stop stealing my ingredients!!!
Wake me up in the middle of the night? Your first born is MINE!
Cancelled return flights for free airplane tickets
18 months and petty revenge is still going strong.
Why is it impossible to post on this subreddit?
Suggestions required!
Embarrass me? Go home bare-assed.
When stubbornness backfires
Think you can take advantage of good nature .. Think again!
Don't Upset the Flight Attendants
I need ideas for my friend.
Maybe if she hadn't been so brazen, I wouldn't have said anything to the librarian.
DO NOT GRAB MY JEWELRY.
Wanna be a racist jerk? Okay, enjoy being kicked off the train!
Two coworkers ridicule me for taking sick days
Don't be a dick on a family trip
Toddlers and duct tape
Petty revenge ideas please!
Does this count as petty revenge?
Petty Revenge on a Rude Train Passenger
Trading noise for noise
Bully me , enjoy getting pushed .
Don't want to do your share of the project? Fair enough.
Stealing a Charizard card from my bully
My dad's revenge on his roommate in college.
Oh so petty but oh so sweet
"Hi, how are ya?"
Don't assume I don't understand you
A field trip
What is the most efective way to counter - suit your parent for defemy lol
I have the biggest asshole housemate you could imagine, ideas for whacky things I could do to piss him off?
Yell at my kids for doing something they weren't? Enjoy the effects of it anyway.
Steal my cigarettes!??? I'll show you
HOA conflict; EPIC resolution  (x-post from /r/funny)
Nothing They Could Do
Not give your best employee a day off? Prepare the gay porn!
Don't annoy those who have more computer skills than you do
Corgi takes fried chicken off roommate's plate, roommate eats it anyway.
Want to drive through my neighborhood? Then don't speed.
That's a nice suit, it'd be a shame if something were to happen to it.
The Spirit Board Revenge
Threaten and make my coworker cry? I hope you enjoy decaf.
Dumping a tractors load of farm muck on the steps of a court because a law firm closed down in the midst of a case.
I stayed on hold with customer service for one hour and made a twitter account just to get some service
Okay, I guess we're *both* going to have to think about vomit.
The old coat hanger trick
Decide not to stick to our agreement? You get to pay for my dinner and walk home!
Lunch line Skipper
Let there be foglights
Third Shift Car Woe
Beefcake and his air horn, or David vs the Goliath
F
Don't be a dick to your nurse
Annoy me, will you?
DAE hate the awkward question-and-answer format of most titles on this sub?
"You're Done? Good. I'm Done, Too."
What can I do with my enemies phone #?Pretty Petty ID situation
If we’re all idiots, you can be one too
I'll be polite if you are.
Dude wouldn't stop spamming pictures of his junk on my Facebook wall. I got the best revenge that a person could ever hope for.
Please don't self-serve.
Traffic in LA
You get your sex in my room? Here, have a present for it.
Judge me out loud for taking the elevator, don’t be shocked I call you out for attempted shaming
Violate the lease and I'll give you a taste of your own medicine.
My (former) half-sister got what's coming to her.
The Battle of the Walmart Toilet Paper Hoarder, as told by my nephew.
Abusive relationships suck!
Random mean guy
Getting revenge on Minecraft
Let's see you open those bags now!
Homophobic? Congratulations, your store is now a gay clubland
You punch me I punch you harder
No I'm not pushing you on the swing
Start with me, your plants die
Quitting just before the Christmas rush, my inept manager will fall apart
This caramel is so slow and thick!
Be an asshole shopper and I'm /thankful/ you pay in change!
There's a new show on Netflix about serializing pretty revenge:
Football stadium revenge!
I forced my employer to throw away almost $7000 worth of meat
Teacher bullies me for my stutter. Mum forces him to apologise.
Doofus in club didn't get the fight he wanted, but got something else
My brother stole my food so I started a GoFundMe about him
Guy was being toxic so his teammate ruined his rocket league match
Steal my expensive face cream and act like it's yours? I don't think so, bitch.
My brother kept teasing and bullying me time for revenge...
How I killed a few students grades
Slight Rudeness Begets Slight Pettiness
I act like a mirror and reflect a pervert's eye fuck.
Made a facebook post exposing my abusive parents and tagged their family in said post.
Overflow the recycling bin? Have fun with your 3 weeks of backed up recycling.
petty revenge against my brother.
Don't shoplift from me bitch
I got sent a dick pic from a # I don’t know
Take a pregnant woman's arm rest? Endure the gas.
Take my phone charger, I hope your phone dies.
You're so cool aren't you?
I'm a mad man!
Cant take 15 seconds to move your car? Alrighty...
Beg For Lower Prices In This Game, How About I Take That Discount You Want
How did you not expect to get peed on?
Beat my friend up, I'll piss in your shoe. (x-post from r/TIFU)
Guy pitches a fit and doesn't get all of his demands met
A lesson for snobby kids
Give an awful schedule and you'll have to work extra
Long flight petty revenge with an assist from a good samaritan
Laugh after parking like an ass? Both my car and myself are a whole lot smaller than you are.
My mom fat shaming my friends? Not happening.
You killed me and took alot of my rep? I take the double you took (roblox game)
The web from below
I ruined my ex boss's life
Co-Worker Eats My Food. Gets Several Calls from Colleges
Use me, then kick me to the curb. I'll give you a glimpse of the fun you aren't having.
My version of petty revenge at age 9
Don't like it? Get your own apartment!
Does this ketchup smell weird to you?
A tale of city living, tandem parking and poison oak
Insist on using YOUR leash? Sure, no problem.
Lie About Not Receiving A Package? Enjoy your package!
Need Help
I will not deliver your mail today.
Don't mess with people that have access to your food.
Have fun wiping your butt.
You are an absolute idiot
Revenge on Police Part 2
REDDIT, HELP ME! I want mild revenge on a house-mate that isn't a friend, just an acquaintance.
Spanish is a commonly spoken language guys
Be mean to our paralegal? Lose your title.
Don’t mess with my sleep
(First story here!) Karma’s comming at you 100mph
I will pretend to be half deaf
Passively refer to me as a liar? enjoy walking into your office on Sunday.
Don't pass me the milk? Now you have too much milk in your tea!
Don't Touch Your Junk
Wanna unplug my internet cable? You forgot I control the router
Minecraft revenge of the little brother
Be an annoying customer, don't get the slice you want.
I don't like people that litter.
Enjoy your warm smoothie
Lightbulb
Soda Fountain
And that was the last we saw of him ...
Rude drunks get a lasting reminder
Shitty employers get a nice surprise after I leave
My husband took his work stress home with him.
I got punch in the face
Cut us off in a parking lot and flip us off afterwards? Enjoy being blocked from leaving.
A short story or why you don't talk ill of coworkers that the associate is friends with
Guy work up a 12 bed hostel dorm room at 6am, petty revenge ensued.
May the Force Be With You, Sir.
How you like them apples!??!
You messed with the wrong sailor
When you're a douchey college student...
I Think I'm Scared of the Rotary Today
"Think your so smart?"
Don't be a kissass.
You started a series? Good luck with that.
Wanna send me to lunch early? I'll send you in the freezer for 2 hours.
Petty People Unite!
Sunday, Bloody Sunday
Scam me on the internet? That’s cool I’ll just let your mom know.
Bothersome Snapchatting Teen
Enjoy your ranch!
My Friend Lied To Me, So I Flooded His Server
Decline my refund, I will make sure you loose a potential client and waste your time.My neighbors leave their dog outside fenced in to run around and bark ALL DAMN DAY.
Kill my teammates I take your DLC
Squat on the domain I want? I hope you like porn!
I hope he was extra cold.
There you go rude b---h at the cafe, clean that up now!
I showed my boss how it feels to be micromanaged
Cock block Monopoly
Cable company sends a guy out to try to sell me a landline.
Left lane under the speedlimit on the phone bitch.
Boom, I fucked your boyfriend.
MMO Ignorant Douche-lick
Petty childhood revenge.
We can’t eat in Spanish now? Picnic time.
Revenge of a sign language teacher
Taught my dog a lesson. Well, probably not, but it felt good anyway.
You lie. I quit.
Message my wife asking for an affair, maybe your wife will find out.
She wouldn't share her crayons...
Barista's Petty Revenge to Dick Customers: Penis Lattes
Welp that backfired
You want to be a bully? I'll take care extra care of your yearbook photos!
Hang up on me, how do you like it?
I'll take a fucking sip, Gabe
I didn't have the item for 2 weeks; I only had it for 10 days!
Job boss is unwilling to fix a weld and it cost him a lot more money.
Petty Revenge on a Cop
Car wash revenge
If you're not ready to park, don't be an arrogant entitled prick
Don’t let me eat my beef jerky in the car? Have fun smelling at home.
That one time some guy made a snide remark; I later had the opportunity to throw it back in his face; and it was better than I had imagined it.
If you won't show basic courtesy, I won't either.
Super Bass... how about super evicted.
Revenge advice
Bully gets what she deserves
Blocked driveway, puke in the car
The cherry on top
Only For The Scammers (aka My Favorite Thing To Do On The Phone)
Beggars Can't be Shirking Their Duties
Unique Loud Neighbor Revenge
I need some help finding a way to get petty revenge on someone
Rain or shine, snow or sleet, we deliver your mail! BS.
My brother always uses my shoes. Showed up to his practice with no shoes
Thermostat time
Girl was a tease and tried to fuck all my friends
Boss limited my tea consumption so I lace his croissants
Charge me for a toll I didn't take? Ok I'll waste your time too then.
Crowd Control
Office Revenge
Coworker complains one time that I don't pick up her breakfast for her, so I make sure she knows when I get breakfast for myself.
Passive aggressive chef gets a master class in passive aggression
So you think the new guy is a loser.....
How could I get some petty revenge on a manager who lied habitually and frequently broke promises? (I no longer work with this person, by the way)
Bad mouth me will you?
I only gave my buddy a free beer
Late to online classes,Dad and my alarm.
Every time it brushes my eyelids, I feel a little happy twinge of petty vengeance.
Bad, mean landlords
Hey guys! Pls help me out :) Sharing might help too
Probably Unintentional by Chris Pratt, but I like to think he did it on purpose as Petty Revenge...
Stinky lawyer
I can’t believe you’re married: DMV version
Cut off my boss rather rudely, all the while following company rules
Girls can tell when other girls are trying to compete with them. It's weird.
Eat my cheesesteak, I'll drink your beer!
DB from kijiji - gimme some ideas
Girl in Art &amp; Crafts class was being rude to me.
Gotta love Nightmare Housemates
Got you to pack up and leave in the end, didn't I?
Try to break me, I'll break you.
Now you have to restart the dryer
Stiff me will you. ....Tumblrer Gets 'Doxxed' For Personal Opinion
The glorious war of sister rivalry, part 2.
Small Town Saturday Night
The poorest of network security imaginable assists in an act of the pettiest revenge, or editing the hosts file for fun and animosity.
I wasn't allowed to go to bathroom so I made one
Hmmm I think your speakers are loud enough to trip the breakers (that are in my apartment)
I will not allow it.
How I failed to iron to the specified standard over a significant period of time
Got banned from a relative's Facebook page for commenting on a photo.
It’s quick, it’s easy, and it’s free: airdropping gory things as revenge
Have a taste of your own sauce
Best Petty revenge ideas
How does that pavement taste?
Need help to hatch a petty plan.
City won't meet me half way. Fine, pay for your own damn hole.
Enjoy your studying!
Ignore me while I plan our trip? Go alone!
Allow me to count the seconds that you saved.
Don’t mock the person with the aux cord
Have horrible service? That's fine. I'll find a new provider.
This is what happens when you don't let people merge on the highway
A Dish Best Served Cold
Turn down yer music ye damn kids.
Had It Coming To Him
Epic Sax Revenge
A bitch customer who talks trash about my mom gets quite pissed.
Dear office d-bag, I have your keys.
Weekend festival every week? Sure.
Make fun of a post I wrote enjoy losing a years worth of post karma and over a month's worth of comment karma
Taste Of Your Own Medicine
Neighbor Parks His Car And Blocks My Exit. *Don't Mess with A Woman Scorned*
It was all worth it
Tried to blindside me in a legal meeting, pulled one over on them
"Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle"
Petty feud with candidate running for state rep
Leave me cold and I'll wipe your raids
Think you deserve all of the jewelry? Think again, sister.
My roommate took the microwave back
Revenge in the underground parking lot
Leave me for a (much) younger (-looking) model? Enjoy your (brief) internet fame.
No Friday night fun for you.
Rude? Yes. Worth it? Double Yes
Insurance fraudsters try and fail
Revenge on a Scam Company!
Break up with me? Okay I'll steal your crush
Trying to save 0.01 seconds at a subway station, end up waiting 30 minutes for a bus.
Hope you like my paper Mr P
Accuse me of stealing food? I'll steal your job.
Phd teacher acted like a dick so my friends sent him trolling emails
i was trapped in bad working condition
A Super(market) Petty Revenge
Fuck you u/lucastars !
Keep bumping me in line? Enjoy my farts.
Some lady gets upset with my driving, so I make her more upset.
Don't park on the sidewalk
Be an asshat, look like as asshat.
The Tale of the Dragon MILF
My petty revenges at Chick Fil A
V E N M O M E
Brat Kid Gets Phone Stripped From Him.
"Friend" assumes I'm lying about the Summer Solstice
Mess with an acquaintance, call upon yourself the reign of mildly annoying revenge, part 2
I scuttled up a dude's turd
Here's your receipt, have fun cleaning up.
You get the crappy report
She tried to get me fired and steal my husband... I waited for her to get her own husband and then destroyed her marriage
Neighbors chased my boyfriend with a knife when he was a kid... what the hell?
Loudmouth ruining afternoon lunch costs her £££!
Hack my Hulu. Enjoy the ending.
Damn Grandma
Revenge on my Bio Mom
Revenge on a rude bank teller
Coworker was being difficult so I...
Insufficient Information
Cut? Enjoy your paste.
Quench a brother's thirst
Won't help me with my route? Ok then.
You more than earned being cockblocked.
Right back accha buckaroo.
Don't mess with the kids!
Pick on my brother? Your purse smells like mocha.
Can I bum a cigarette?
The Sun embedded my tweet today. I don't like The Sun.
Conductors Revenge
Don't want to give me access? Here is one email for each minor case.
Padlock the porta potty? I'll piss on the lock in sub zero temperatures.
Help the block give these bad neighbors what for!! (kind of long and super juicy;)
Get drunk on new years Eve? Enjoy your presents.
Karma Visits a Rude Driver
Herpes Revenge
Think you can heckle an old lady and party till 3am without any consequences? Think again.
Easiest way to waste your drink
Getting my nephew back after 9 Months
Take my textbook? I'll get u in BIG trouble
Refuse to do your dishes? Enjoy moldy leftovers
No pay, I chop
Enjoy your chips
I didn't even know the extent of my revenge until now.
My cousin eats my candy, I make them late and get screamed at
Flip me off when you're driving like an idoit? Enjoy jail
Bitch Program Leader and the Christmas Gift
Egg me. Make sure you cant be identified s's
I don't want to be smoking near you either
Business partners stole our concept, forced us out and now we’re opening several locations across the state while 1 faces jail time.
Bitchy worker at the DMV.
I'll play my girly games alright.
Mess with my noodles? Here have the result
I put my bully's mugshot on T-Shirts and gave them away to local homeless people.
Do not fuck with my car!The pettiest of revenge on my passive aggressive ex SO.
Ex bought himself a gift as a gift to me... So I did the same
Still Treat me like the dog shit under your shoes after I help you in hospital, face my mighty wrath
Cut in line at McDonalds? would you like some petty revenge with that?
Enjoy your pens now, lady.
You take my games ? That’s cool.
Petty Purchases to remind Ex
Karen family shopping
Got my Petty Revenge on a Co-worker...
Greedy neighbours cat.
Kindergarten Revenge
The Girl who lied to me got her Love Life Ruined
Cut in line? Get delayed
When feeding homeless goes horribly wrong, then delightfully right.
Enjoy your "sleep"
I Hope You Like Middle-School Humor
Brother bullies me for months. Used his bullying for revenge
Seeking petty advice for our neighbours.
My girlfriend and i broke up so i moved out of our bachelor pad in to a large house with 6 girls.
Sack my wife at Christmas? Ok then...
Am i being a karen?
Watching High School Rally w/S.O., Bitch Behind Acts Up
Douchebag spills his beer on my twice, he doesnt get to see Black Sabbath
I know what's on your computer
Don't be demanding as a hospital patient.
People in my gym class are A-holes
Treat me with respect? I'll bend over backwards for you. Treat me like a peon? Enjoy my Petty Revenge.
Những giấc mơ của cún
Double pretty revenge
That was mine!!
Revenge is best when it requires no action.
You want me to do my job? Okay, I'll do just that.
Make me take care of your cat...
Here have a Chocolate bar!
My "friend" was being an idiot so i ruined his 200+ person server
Short simple revenge
Drunk guy sucker punches me while I’m working. Subsequently gets arrested at his own job.
Dump my Cousin? I'll make your life I kitty-cat nightmare
Try and Copy Off my Test? I don’t think you should
I damaged my own property
i need a plan.
Oof
Getting back at that person who doesn't respect anyone but themselves
Oh, you're a RN, BSN? Don't care.
Some dude spoiled the Red Wedding of Game of Thrones for me. Two years later, I got my revenge
Best Friend bangs my ex, I impound his car
Ex cheated on me. Threw a boat party full of girls
Trashy cousins tey to trash me to family so I'm mailing them some trash of my own
Hope you enjoy hard bass Russian songs
Be mean to my coworkers &amp; I'll mess up your coffee
Blast loud music at night? No internet for you!
When My sister did something to me
I tried to get my jail bitd ex to see his kids or grandauter
"It says it in the student handbook" (asshole teacher).
air freshener with penis
Petty revenge at the bike rack.
Want to tell me to change what Im doing? Let me micromanage you.
Try to cheat? Fail your quiz!
Petty Workplace Revenge
Rude neighbour learns to pick up parcels herself
I'm sure everyone has gotten some of these.....
It’s currently 00.15am, my neighbours are being fuckin loud, so I’ve called the cops. Short and sweet.
A tale of neighbourhood camaraderie.
A Twin's Revenge: Licking and Personal Property
Try to steal our seat and give us attitude about it…gl with that spider that crawled into your backpack.
I'd Paperclip Your Mouth Shut If I Could!
Take more than a half hour to text back? Good luck getting a reply today.
Enjoy your chip dust!
Friendship over virtual items
Sexist Gamer Girl gets ROASTED by words and TOASTED in-game (ft. r/MurderedByWords)
Destroyed scammers ears
Don’t clean my chalet? enjoy the smell of blue cheese
Steal my subway will you? Take a 7Up to the face.Stomach Sunrise for you, S!
You take the ball away from me? I'll pull the same thing on you.
I'm in a long line at the drive-thru,
‘Explosive’ revenge on childhood bullies
Cellphone and school
Make fun of my sleep talk? No toilet paper for you.
Pass an ambulance? I'm gonna get you towed
Openly brags about standing up a chubby girl and expects no consequences.
Someone told my boyfriend I was cheating on him when I wasn't.
Enjoy letting your kids play in the hall, hanging outside my door smoking cigarettes and having parties until 6 am?
Oh, am I blocking your way?
You put our class late in the afternoon in the middle of nowhere ? Not our problem your dining room doesnt work that late
High school douchebag learns a lesson
"Hello! This is Paypal! We have your money"
Internet fights with my brother
At the mall
I've stooped to a new, petty low
Thief claimed my mod as his own work. Crushed him.
Revenge against the biggest douchebag I have ever met.
Suspend our friendship and I’ll get you suspended.
Petty revenge going on escalating
Who leans their seat back on a flight?!
The Intern Who Ate and Ate and Ate
Don't bite me and then expect me to play with you.
My ex ruined state competition and spread horrid rumor. I marry her long term crush
Just found this sub, do I have stories...
Good luck selling them on
I made these stealing customers pay for their stolen food
Operation Thundershit
Jerk stole my credit card to buy pizza on my account, but he left his name and phone number...
If you're an illegal immigrant, you probably shouldn't be a dick
Not paying your bills? Enjoy your high speed internet!
Obnoxious Cousin
Small victory against childhood bully
Revenge on the lake.
Teacher wanted to give z to a class that wasn’t even hers
Our family doesn’t gossip? Well I guess they sure won’t gossip about this
A petty revenge five years in the making.
Prorevenge dude messes with the wrong cop Craigslist thief gets kidnapped for money
TIL: My Gmail was compromised..... so I upgraded "OUR" new Hulu account!
This Gal needs your help with some petty revenge! Please message me if you would like to support!!!!
Annoying classmate annoys me but the teacher told on his parents.
Really Petty to the Airline
Trash dog.
Might have gone a bit too far with this one. Package Thief revenge.
My sweet petty revenge on a 9 year old.
Road rage revenge
Jerk coworker gets a nosefull
Roommate internet war
Don't want to pick up lunch for me? Have fun picking up lunch for everyone else.
Second Worst Interview of My Life
Revenge on an asshole driver
My boyfriend put petroleum jelly in my boots. So I'm advertising him as a Roach breeder on Craigslist.
Petty Revenge...by cats.
Take Out Revenge at an Asian Foodcourt
Scramble everyone's shit? Good luck with those neck cramps
Threaten to take away my phone for taking a shower just before bed? No yummy snacks for you!
Splattered Sandwich.
Kid rubs sh*t into my skateboard gets his on share of medicine
Conniving coworker, enjoy sorting through a cumbersome excel sheet!
Every time my sister in law pisses off my wife SIL inherits fewer baby clothes from us.
Honk at me for stopping at a red light? Here's a taste of your own medicine.
Guy tried to take my friends spot at a concert. I traded spots wen my friend got back and stood in front of him the rest of the show.
Teacher targets my friend, then gets what she deserved
Paper thin wall hotel room
Dick Boyfriend= Snot Rocket in His Pillow
I really can't change the prices
Dealing with an Inflated Sense of Self-Worth...
Bully Gets Karma In Church
Revenge Against Water Aerobics Instructor
Sweet revenge.
Take credit for me doing your chores? Enjoy your ass breath.
I caught someone hooking up with a girl in my bedroom after I came home from a concert. I waited 4 months and then fucked a girl in his room and sent him a Snapchat.
No lane divider? One lane!
I confuse my parents by washing the dishes in the middle of the night.
My friend tried to ear rape me I used the same tactic but much louder
Hello fart fartGirl nearly failed because of us
Oh sure, I remember your incompetence!
Bully who gave me PTSD thinks I’m dead
Hotel Petty Revenge
Never dump a Slytherin girl over text.
How about trash talk your mom?
Transfer me without warning? I'll program you an Excel nightmare
Try ignoring me now
Think because you're in a fancy car you can be a prick? Get delayed 1 min.
That's What You Get for Being Petty
You won't control your dogs, I'll control them for you
Revenge for a child (HELP)
I kept getting collection calls for someone else, wouldn't stop until I left messages for their CEO and CFO at home
I'm a heavy sleeper.. but you aren't
Window paint revenge for idiot, dribbling roommate
How to ruin a practical joker's whole day.
Airplane seatback punishment
You must become an engineer or how my sister ended up teaching English
Don’t mess with your computer geek bro
Enjoy the opening credits!!!
Step mom kicked me out, flipped out, now she shall shit it put
Petty but epic (for me) quit
Selfish hoarding? Enjoy your parking ticket!
I'm degrading and destroying a guy to the limit because he verbally abused me
HVAC Company called code enforcement on me...
My stepmother was abusive so I subscribed her to gay porn.
Let's get roudyFired for unprofessional reasons, colleagues beg me to drop screenshots to my boss. Need pro tips
When someone asks for a document and you know they plan to just copy/paste your work...
Have fun with your ruined reputation
You can keep you're crusty paper towels dude.
Be rude and cut me off for steak? Enjoy waiting longer!
Don't piss off your younger brother...
Constantly move the car to the wrong lot with out telling me enjoy your tickets
Those are just old umbrellas, gtfo!
Going to harass me? Get yelled at!
Party People Won't Leave, I Bring Out The Big Guns
Running into my ex at a mall
When there’s a comment/post I really don’t like I go to the person’s profile and downvote everything
Update to: Living in Unlivable Conditions
Rigging a Copley Medal simulation in college.
Act like a slum lord, I'll leave everything looking like a slum.
Texas Freeze Revenge
Men dangerously crossed the road then flipped off the car that nearly hit them then get humiliated
Canceling Fios before lease is up?
If the garbage collectors want to be petty, I will too!
Popcorn Butter Revenge
I told you not to prank me 'cause you wouldn't like it when I pranked you back!
Call me at 7:30am every day for a week to sell me Viagra?
You are going to mess with me? No worries, I'll just take your dignity.
Ask me to work after hours with no pay ?
Petty revenge on an incompetent bus driver.
Narcissistic RoommatesI accidentally made I contact with a girl in class and she asked me what I was looking at.
Gaming petty torture revenge
I know where your staple gun is... No, you can't have it!
Stop knocking
Steal my soda, I burst your Beer
Bad tipper gets a tip from his drivers.
Revenge on newspaper stealing neighbors
Cut me off. Enjoy going slow and being stuck at a red light.
You're really going to put thay shopping cart right in the middle of that empty spot?!
You ruin my joke? Then I’ll give you a headache
Janitor's at my school suck.
Ways to get petty revenge across state borders
Wanna be lazy? S*no*w problem. Get ready for the *cold* shoulder.
Bully me, no ps4 for you
Stole gas from an experimental family car? Have fun with a tank of water.
Mess with my stuff, ok. Feel the wrath of the poki
Guy hits my brother and I retaliate
Call me an asshole behind my back? Fine, I’ll show you what an asshole is.
Don't piss off the gate guards.
Act like a ass tome i shave my pubes with your razor
A slap on the wrist
Lessons in destruction
Simple but sweet.
She became my *project*
Annoying rude girl in online class.
💩 Poop revenge on cheater ex BF💩
Mickey Mouse Overnight Air Shipping
Of course I'm petty.
Petty School Revenge
Cut off by truck driver
Karen in Paris, a lesson in manners.
Rude Great Aunt tells Me My Mom and Nana was Going to Hell
Guy from r/India destroys an ebay scammer who stole his laptop worth 2600$.
Cheat on Me? Enjoy the hike up 16 flights of stairs.
Park like an asshole, eh? BONUS - Petty justice validation
Bully me for not being smart and make me want to cut my self I screw you all up and make you have miserable lives
Can't stop knocking things over? Neither can I.
Don't pretend you didn't notice us.
Ideas
Try to bully me? I may not be able to hurt you, but I know someone who can
Insult my mother? Have fun cleaning your window every day
Last weekend, some friends were out at a show at a local bar. Musclehead comes along, rubs himself against my friend, grabs my butt. How can I get revenge (without filing criminal charges)?
Bad parking skill? I have someone for you to call!
Be racist and transphobic? No candy for you!Be rude, get an inconvenient bag
Pizza delivery guy says tip is too low, ends up getting fired
Petty R bomb revenge
$100,000 of revenge I wish I took and the petty revenge that followed.
Of course you can have some more mayo!
Creepy Cab Ride? Keep the Change.
My petty (and ongoing) revenge against a CEO.
I didn’t do anything.
Awful manager quit and still made people's lives miserable.
Revenge on a condescending English teacher.
I said sorry. Have a nice night!
Am I being detained?
enitled camper
I asked you nicely not to park there
Housemate a mess? Make her pay!
Old Bully Tries to Act Friendly
Stink bombing my school and bullies
No Show an Appointment? PETTY REVENGE, HO!
Fired from the group project repeats the year
Crazy Bums Shouldn't Swear at Children
Please, enjoy my lunch that I didn’t pack for you.
Mom keeps looking through my stuff, so I just make her more paranoid
Call me lazy? Hope your pasta tastes good.
Up your price? Have fun waiting for nobody to show up!
Wait for your lunch
Hit on my sister? No garage for you
Petty revenge on a noisy relative
NJ mayor refused to endorse Christie's reelection, Christie &amp; cronies create traffic jams in town.
Be petty and childish to me? Get childish and petty back all over your coat.
Principal tries to make whole high school work as a reward
Take my block? Have fun with a dead phone!
Rude bitch gets paint on her.
You want to speak to my CEO? Sure, one moment
Skater Kid gets his board taken
Sorry someone died but could have been us..
Panic revenge
My dad gets revenge on an overly rule bound Captain.
Steal from me? Be reminded of your dwindling life cycle.
Made a woman's coffee experience mildly aggravating.
I Ruined My Awful Roommate’s Boyband Posters While Moving Out
Lesson for lazy kid
Less pizza for you!
Sorry, don't control gravity!
My ex-fiancé
Say I don't work fast enough? Let's prove a point!
Just put down your phone, okay?
" WHEW!! THAT'S REFRESHING!!"
Purposefully Smear Rancid Cheese In My Car? That's Okay.
Enjoy your dildo
Think I'm Gonna be Your Hookup After All This Shit? Fuck No.
Landlord and neighbour from Hell.
"Kick Me!" sign
Be a space taking dick on the bus? Fine, be my new seat
The Silver Dollar Surprise
Father mentally and verbally abused me, I ruin his career and accomplish his own dreams
Bus drivers are jerks
I see your barking dog and raise you my angle grinder.
He steals my iphone and then tries saying he owns it. How I got my 'Petty' Revenge
Be a jerk, and you'll keep "forgetting" the code to the door lock.
Revenge on my cheating girlfriend
Taking Back What's Mine.
Locked out. Unlocked window. Pissed on floor.
Good luck trying to sell my stuff on the streets buddy.
5th Grader VS Kinder
Annoying co-worker
Need some help with a neighbor that keeps taking our parking spot.
I hope your neck hurts.
If You Were Reasonable with Offers, You Would Have a Longboard
I accidentally tripped a sexist bully in high school.
Don't get me in trouble. 7 yr olds are vicious, and cat shit is smelly.
When your lights are hooked to your Wifi
Enjoy the engine knock
Crazy Roommate poisoned me, i took revenge.
After reading about the other egging revenge, it reminded me of my own.
Make me roll down a big ass hill and laugh about it? Payback is a bitch.
Old story but I think it’s good
You had sex with a non-existent girl? Niiiice.
I need $200 instead of just $20 dallorw
I need some help with a storytelling radio show confessional idea
Video Game Revenge
Leave your dirty dishes overnight? Wait longer for your coffee in the morning.
Call about my old vehicle not having tags because I broke my back?
Help me get some petty revenge?
honk honk? yeah, let's see about that..
Take over my dinner plans again?
Line cutting - Not advisable when leaving your name and e-mail.
You didn't want your clothes ruined? Maybe you shouldn't be using other people's laundry detergent.
To jumpy to be driving
Invade my territorial bubble, enjoy wasting company time and resources.
Evil spirits - he's all yours!
Ride my ass in traffic? I hope you brought an extra change of clothes, asshole.
Petty revenge on my cheap roommate
Serpent Substitute Gets What She Deserves
My Petty Revenge last Christmas
Vengeance (and double time) are mine, sayeth the editor.
No earphones for you
My butt is NOT your pillow
My 7th grade teacher made me redo all my math, so I completed it in Roman numerals.
It's JUST a Snapstreak.
Neighbors at 2am arguing
School Bus Driver Gets Revenger
Entitled Brat is rude to me and an old lady on the bus. A bit of Petty Revenge.
Park next to a "no parking sign"? Enjoy your ticket
This is the story I was composing last week when my cat closed my browser and I lost everything.
My son came home from kindergarten with two Thanksgiving crafts today.
Bully pushes my buttons for a year he pushes himself into a suspension
Idk if this is petty or just mean, but it feels really petty so here I go
Rude customer buys me a new cake mold
JK Rowlings revenge
Canceled another customer's deli order without her knowing.
Ghost me after 2 years? I’ll hack your Twitter.
Scammed by my Credit Card. Fine, I’ll just have to collect using that “new account” offer you advertised to me.
Subtle revenge on line cutters
Aggressively try to push me off the road at the last exit? Have fun being forced to miss the exit instead.
Try to get me to cheat on a project? You're not so hot after all.
Don't mess with me
Lady wanted to get drinks free, so I made them worth that price...
Chivalry is dead, and so is your $12,000 quote
Cut my faire then tell me to hurry up? Yeah, I'll be there soon.
Drunk and somehwat 80 woman made my holiday
You can wait your turn, Miss.
Resign or move out of state
Revenge on a horrible teacher that resulted in him having to take the day off
Won't let me use the bathroom? Okay then.
It costs to be a douche.
New Nursing Grad Misery
Don't fuck with me in the car, or you will regret it.
Sweet revenge on my friend for being a prick
A total Karen got what she deserved
An anonymous messenger during the night
The Cellphone vs the movie
Hire rude and lazy employees, enjoy your business being fined.
Sandwich Artist Revenge
Pour water all over my head Take a cake to your face
Bus Driver Gets What's Coming To Him
Annoyed rude girl in online class with white noise!
My boyfriend hurt my feelings
When You Get Screwed And They Move
Don't be rude to parking enforcement
On behalf of my office manager....
My Cake, Lady
My family isn't usually the petty type but this is how my Nana decides to be petty to my dad and step mom after I've been kicked out of my Dad and Step-mom's house.
Don't lie to me.
Whiners in my neighborhood asked for more speed bumps, I hope they enjoy them.
You think it's all fake? Wait til you get to the snakes .
Who's the bitch now!
Spell check revenge.
Subaru Graffiti
Want me yell at me for not giving you free money? Let me take a closer look at your account for any violations.
Turn my friends against me? I hope you like summer school.
(Personal) Space Invaders
I deleted all his music
Mean old woman gets the train horn
Too bad that high horse can't charge through the security door.
Old coffee slinger gets hers.
Bitch doesn't like to wait, has to wait a bit longer.
Best Burger Ever.
Yes, I"m a Parking Nazi and My Revenge Is Petty
Don’t Lose My Phone If You’re Too Drunk to Find Yours.
You should look in the mirror you're scarier than any of these pictures.
Keep calling me? Enjoy your financial loss and angry customers.
Old Man Vs. Cool Aunt
Bang your chair into mine, I'll return the favor and then some.
Message from the mod
Glacier Cars in the City...
Run up and down the stairs over and over again, I'll stomp up and down them on purpose
Best PR for asshole neighbors that leave their trash can on the street?
how i got revenge on my bully
Park on the sidewalk? Expect (minor) consequences!
Tit or Tat
Why does everything I post here get muted?
Not going to pick after your filthy mutts or train them at all? Say hello to meatfest 2020
Enjoy your time on the phone
Make me late for vacation? That's going to cost you.
Tailgate me? I'll see you soon.
Ex cheated on me, so I ruined her career.
I'm a person. You get the gross money.I became a portrait photographer out of pure spite
Endanger everyone to try and save some time, I’ll make sure you’re late.
Wanna play games trying to sell me a house? Don't even bother requesting a showing after I fixed all the problems.
Got some pretty petty revenge by telling the truth.
Practical joke gone right!
I hold the power
You should've just let me go.
Park like an asshole - get treated like one
A final act of petty revenge
Another Black Friday post
You make more than me? how about now…?
Grocery store inadvertently tries to screw me.
Hi! I'm just going to stay in your hotel anyway...
That'll teach you for losing my medical record!!
Not revenge, but stupidity and gravity will get you (and your pizza) every single time.
Knock loudly/insistently while I'm using the single-stall bathroom? I'll just take my time then.
Park like a douche...get what's coming to you
Revenge by a Canine
Let's make some noise!
Friends neighbor is always calling the cops
A 'Thank you' costs nothing
X-post from r/casualiama. My Mother found out my reddit username and is know for snooping. Ask me anything a mother would not want to know! (AMA)
Originally ousted Australian PM that was knifed by her deputy, waits patiently and knifes her in return several year later
Pay me with $100 Bill? Enjoy the $1's!
Dog? I don't have a dog.
Pizza boys petty revenge
I need revenge advice!
Exposed my rapist to his friends
Meta-post (if this sort of thing is allowed)
Partner work sucks!
I can't listen to a song? Sure, let me just play some others
Amazon didn’t tell me I rented a book
Got mad at a mean employee at a MacDonald restaurant.
Quit McDonalds, Demote Manager
Prank call revenge
Don’t take my phone
Be nice to air stewardesses
"Everything on the burger"
How I stopped the bullies.
Work Email Very Petty Revenge - pay close attention or you'll miss it
Bad Breakup Revenge
I got my bucket back
Stranger sent D-Pic so i sent Furry porn
E
Petty revenge on a bully.
Guess you're not a true fan
Stop Talking? Okay, I'll Stop Talking.
NOLA won't make the playoffs...eh?
Pretend to be a restaurant? Get all you can eat pasta!
Parking in our spots.
My friends V-Day revenge
Don't litter; zip your purse.
petty revenge in the form of hardware
2 AGAINST 1, NOT A FAIR FIGHT. 2 AGAINST A MARTIAL ARTIST, A GYM TEACHER AND 1, THAT'S A FAIR FIGHT.
Boyfriend thee my stuff in street few months back.....tonight......my turn
Gallon of pee
Buhahaha enjoy your vegetarian meal
Rural Revenge
Try to short me? The next buyer gets your purchase instead
Be a Bitch, I'll ruin your diet
Shaming some
Don't ever prank call a store.
Bad Park Job: Short and Sweet
Hey guys! It’s k, my douchebag ex boyfriend cheated on me, lied to me, manipulated me, used me, and does those same thing to others, he also runs from the police. Feel free to send him dick pics (~: (248)-884-3075
Enjoy the spike on your bill.
Stick it to a scam
Hope this counts: revenge against an entire organization at my school
Make me cry? Get passed up for a job.
She applied for a job
I got DOX’d by an eBay seller
Kid yeets a ice ball in my Face! Gets the sweet sweet taste of revenge
Leave your trailer on the street? Enjoy parallel parking!
A small victory, but a brutal sexual put-down leads to endless laughter.
Ruin MY night, I'll ruin YOUR slutty holiday.
Big trucks dont require 4 parking spacec
You know what? I DO want that warranty this time!
Try to put your mistakes on my name, take a month to cool down.
Overprivileged Soccer Moms
Junior High Paperchuckers
My Mother's friend gets rekt after being that one rich dude
Ding MY door, will you?
Metro Jerks
Sweet Moobs
Saw my Ex wife with her new husband and baby...
Don't mess with my grandad
Too lazy to put your shopping cart away, lady?
Not My Laundry
Should I mention not the wash your face in that sink?
crazy lady down stairs now i might be in trouble
Scratch someones car and go away, get reported
Lonely Guy Calls Police on My Puppies!
My dad woke me making a big mistake
Now your job.
A whole year later
Oh, you're not gonna let me purchase my groceries because my 15y/o daughter doesn't have ID? Fine, I guess you'll have to restock everything yourself
Open letter, to the man next to me on my flight home
Don't take my bus seat.
Double Petty Revenge
Fight my own battles, huh?
Tales of Student Elections
Don't Touch My Cologne
In the name of justice.
getting petty in the music dept.
Mistreated staff? Enjoy the loss in profits.
Log in under my extension? Enjoy a shit ton of political marketing emails!
Won't stop your dog from barking early and late? Enjoy some Judas Priest!
A win for us big guys.
Craigslist Revenge
Old lady acts all sweet, then puts me down when she thinks I can’t hear....enjoy your coupons and alerts, honey.Overtake me in a queue? have fun spending 5minutes at a junction
Install ALL
You're going to honk at me?!?
Do something in the form of a question? I'll commit revenge in the form of an exclamation!
Air's too much for him to handle
Park in my paid for parking spot, will you?
Dealer doesn't want to negotiate, even though I showed my hand first
I was the tool of petty revenge; it was all fun, until it ended up with (real) atomic bombs...
Dad proves mom wrong with one phone call.
Need to give troll a taste of his own medicine...
Girl was rude about a train seat  Punishment: fart to the GRILL
That was my bacon...
Ex Bestfriend
Got ghosted by a guy, made his favorite band hate him
Taking my shower leaves you in a mess.
Steal Pets, here's a Flaming bag of Feces
Snub me? Get your house trashed.
A lady almost hit the front of my car trying to pull into a parking spot I was turning into so I just sat there.
Want to Be a Bitch? Enjoy the Rain
That's what you get for calling customer service "retards"
They trapped me in the drive-through, so I made them wait while their food got cold.
Don't drink a German's orange juice.
Take a year to pay me?
Girl gets blasted with a Dodge Ball for kicking my leg
UPDATE: I bombed our dog walkers on every review site I could find
Rude to me? Walk in the rain
I'm only learning, God dammit!
Misdirected emails: The family photo album
You‘re a horrible teacher, so you get horrible feedback
Fake friends? Enjoy being unemployed and single.
Take your "millenial" for granted? Have fun typing 600+ email addresses!
My friend is sick and needed the day off, my old nazi-esque manager wouldn't allow her to find someone to cover for her so I helped defeat her.
Person I hate trusted me with secret
The pettiest of office revenge
You Shouldn't Have Let Your Alarm Go Off for Two Hours
Boyfriend won't refill the keurig
Brake Check “Switch” for Tailgaters
need advice on situation -petty revenge could it backfire?
It's not your weight room, it's OURS.
Almost hit my coworkers ? I hide ur stuff
Cheat on me and then lie about it? Our Netflix is going to have a few changes.
Point out my notes, enjoy losing your phone for the day
Reduce my access? Ok, I'll reduce everybody's access
Crashed my wedding
The IT-guys had their payback
Blame me for you almost colliding into me while you're in a company truck? That's a bad idea in this small town, asshole.
You want the dog all over? You can HAVE the dog all over.Mirror mirror on the wall, who's the stupidest of them all?
Karma police
Be a racist piece of shit? Lose your job.
Shout in my face about something that isn't my fault? Fine, enjoy your yearbook without you in it.
Park where I told you not to park? Have fun getting out of the car park.
Block the road to chat with your friend? I'll interrupt your conversation until you move, and report you to your own HOA!
Don't Mess with my Private Space
Didn't get your text, sorry!Sorry, I can't accept those packages even though I have opened the door, am standing within easy handing distance, and taken longer to explain the address and that there is a sign concerning deliveries.
The day I left my coworker in another city. (x-post from /r/self)
Mrs Milky
Check your blind spots.
Don‘t like your neighbors? Fine we‘ll give you worst ones
A Novel of Manners Petty Revenge
Need help with revenge with old asshile at my job.
Overhead Bin is Your Only Option
So you're 10 years old, stayed up late despite repeated warnings, and you're cranky with me this morning?
Steal my poweraid? Have fun with the flu.
...And now my neighbor has fish heads on his roof.
Crazy cat lady neighbor...
Bail on me again? No more Prime for you.
Cut up my favorite hoodie, lose 300 dollars worth of CDs.
Mr Business on the phone in the bathroom
Wont stop sweeping the driveway, enjoy the show
I am set on revenge!
My husband left me via text so in my anger I spoiled a movie
Don't laugh at me
Cut me off in traffic.. It is ok, shot them with a rubberband. We are even now. (x-post from /r/pics)
Satisfying all the Same
Evil Teacher cheats my grades, and tries to get me kicked out of school. He got FIRED
Pass me when there's another car coming? Enjoy your ticket.
Petty revenge on spam.
Best cat ever
Enjoy walking an extra eight feet.
Gym teacher gets revenge for bullied kid by failing bully
Dump out my laundry? Enjoy being pretty in pink.
I ad an "ugly" $1 bill that I didn't know what to do with.Enjoy your urine imbued laundry!
Bully me when I was 11? Let me ruin your birthday!
Petty revenge triggers nuclear explosion
Give me a lazy present I'll make you work hard for that
Wanna call the cops for no reason, i will blare heavy metal for 4 hours
Want to steal from me and then lie? Enjoy a dead controller.
Whenever I check Instagram I make sure to go through people’s stories first so I can check who says to “like and comment”, and then will specifically not like their posts.
Some well deserve, long lasting revenge on my entitled cousins.
You need to get him tested!
My crappy Revenge
Decide to verbally abuse and mentally manipulate me? Say goodbye to your favorite social media username
Just walked away like nothing happened, I'll be petty with you
Need help with a tactic
My birthday seet
This transaction can take as long as you need, sir. I'm paid by the hour.
Man is an asshole to little bitty children on flight. I give up my seat to him and pretend not to speak my native language so he can't order off of the menu
Dont wanna play? Fine ill do it myself.
Indian Guides Teaches Life Lesson
Yell at me on my voice mail...here’s your new greeting.
You raped my best friend and got away with it? Have fun being singled out during a college class!
I TRIED to help a guy out on his date
Petty Revenge on Annoying Party Guests
Twice Revenged
You eat my sandwich I mess with your calendar
So, you think there's nothing I can do, huh?
Keep the lights off!
Sign says open until 7? Guess what, it's 6:45...
Make me have issues with my neighbors and our landlord? You can't come over again. Seriously, you can't come over.
You're not getting away with that, oh no no no!
Kick Me, Kid, and I'll Take Allthe Candy
Ok, I won't call you Joe.
Closed a classmates computer, made him have to research again
Entitled Nightmare Bitch tries to bully her way in line, loses out insteadKid Threatens to crack my eye open after I play a song on his Bluetooth Speaker
In which a troll learns not to insult the person who controls the flow of information
Xbox spammmer.
Enjoy your drink my good man
Creeping under bathroom doors is not a good idea.
Don't bag your shit?
My revenge is served burrito-style.
Force us to move all our furniture every week to spite us? Sure thing, champ. (x-post from r/maliciouscompliance)
Force me to swallow? You’re next, buddy.
Act like a pretentious bitch? No more refills for you
He screwed himself.
Revenge of the cyst
Boss sends me to a job that requires multiple people by myself
I've just realised how little my brother cares about me
Roommate can't be bothered to put money towards electricity bill? No problem.
Petty learner driver revenge
Take the 35lb plates from our bench press without asking? I’ll borrow your 10lb plates from that obnoxious hip thrust machine during your Valentine’s Day workout.
I do the things as the rules say to piss off my boss
Use my password to snoop? Enjoy the consequences.
Drive down the wrong way in a one-way parking lot and not move when im trying to leave? Well no parking spot for you.
Person demanded I move...
Make fun of my YouTube channel, and my friend has something in store for you.
Hospital wanted free art and did not want us there on opening night - Enjoy your free art
Raise your children right for public interactions.
Hook up shared one bed one bath with “sister”
Gonna fuck with me and my "girlfriend"? Enjoy losing your Instagram account (Still in progress, expect more) (Repost from r/prorevenge)
Well, I did fix it.
Revenge on landlord
Sleep with the _one_ girl I told you I liked? Enjoy the stink sick at work bud
The old switcharo
Chill bro
My petty downvote revenge...
Be a bad professor on purpose, now you get demoted and more time at school.
The stanky revenge
Revenge against manipulative ex
Abusive coach got what he had coming
She wouldn't stop bouncing the basketball on the bench so I pissed her off.
Oops did I drop those drinks, how silly of me.
I didn't take the revenge myself, but it still felt great.
Not changing Netflix password
Game Studio said I was a "pass" because I didn't know a specific programming language; Here was my response
I wanted to get him back for 12 years...
I don't know what happened to your precious garden!
Football/Soccer Parents give me grief, our team give them hell
Don't Pause My Music
I work at electronic-related store. I bough a notebook with a Windows 10 pre-installed. Now i never sell or recommend Microsoft-related stuff to customers.
I got scammed on an online game and it ruined my day
Well that's one way to stop people peeing on the toilet seat.
"You need to be more responsible with your things!"
Don’t give me back my money? Enjoy explaining to your uncle why there are 200€ missing from his account and losing friends
Getting a little loud with the girlfriend? Enjoy educational history!
I'm pretty petty around subways
Don’t cyber bully me unless you want to be put on blast.
You Need to Sing at Every Special Event? I Will Upstage You
If you order me around, you're going to have a bad time.
Ruin my lunch date, I'll ruin your day
I sent my Ex-Godmother, my deceased mom's dentures.
Vote up if...just kidding.... Japanese lesbian revenge.
Steal my bag? I'll kick you and no one will believe you
Annoying friend won’t stop annoying me and my gf
Force fed grandma.
I'll send you a brick
Cousins, Bunnies, And the Sweet Taste of Revenge.
Roommate petty revenge
Previously Nonstop Telemarketing Has Stopped
Caught my cheating BF Red-handed!
She falsely accused me of harassing her, so my friend got some revenge for me
My friend's roommate got him arrested so he did something pretty fucked up, yet petty, revenge.
Lousy coworker doesn’t want to help out on project...
Have fun cleaning dog crap off your shoes.
Oh, I'm sorry, were you in a hurry? Shouldn't have been a dick about it then.
A person nicked me with their umbrella and made me bleed, so I punched her down
Don’t wanna accept rejection? Okay, I’ll just give you a reason to hate me
Be an inconsiderate roommate, Enjoy the rash!
Laxatives... just read
Oh well..
Think you can still pull the Microsoft Service Center scam?
Windows scammers are now using a web page that hijacks your ability to click on anything to leave it.
Kill me constantly on GTAV? Have a useless car.
Im not sure if I'm the bad guy or not
Don't drive stupid, folks.
Received a nasty letter from my boyfriend's ex-girlfriend
Parking Wars- I kept my cool
Minecraft revenge story
Turns out, articles about "internet is bad" can be useful after all.
Make me choose between you and my new boyfriend?
It's so cold in that room??
I want to get revenge on this guy who scammed me out of 12.5 dollars.
Cheat off of me? I hope you enjoy your expulsion.
Refuse to let us use certain pieces of code because we "haven't learned them yet"? Enjoy the longest solution you've ever received...
Rude customer? Ok, I'll play.Bartending New Years Eve
That's going to cost an extra $300
Hang up on me? Good luck getting a ride now.
Don't make doing laundry harder than it has to be
That one time when I made my class miss break..for nearly a whole week
Neighbor complains to the landlord?
Discriminate against a special needs kid? Welcome to your lawsuit.
Newbie gets ahead of herself, I put her in her place
Never be an ass at a bonfire 🧢 🔥
All smoke and windows
When Dealing With Trolls
Getting back at customers at work
Apple Juice, Karma, and How I Petty Revenged Myself
Take my chair, just sit there
College Kids Wake Me Up, So I Don’t Let Them Sleep
Take the GAME of Ingress too seriously? Enjoy this three-layer field over your house, douche.
The Cat's Revenge
Don't tail anyone when there are open lanes around you...
The story of my dad's midlife crisis...
Guilt trip me and I will fail you
A food thief was caught thanks to some hot sauce
Wanna throw things at me, ok so Will I
SO sorry to see you go!
Don't mess with my favorite game, jerk.
I Doxed a Narcissist, Got Attacked by Another Narcissist and then Laughed At Her Divorce
Give me a Bra? I’ll Give you Nothing.
Mind the door
Yeah make fun of the poor concession worker, Oh wait now you need my help!
Being a dick? Find your own way home...
My dog petty revenge'd me on our walk
Need some petty revenge advice for robocalls/telemarketers...
Mess with my bestie don’t cry about the petty revenge
Fake Police Reports
I reverse scammed a scammer out of $200 (reposted from r/scams)
My music is WAY better.
Person attacks my cousin , threatens me karma takes it course.
Don't want to take care of your pets? Boom pet deposits.
Have phone#, need revenge
Overstay your welcome? I'll drain your bank account.
I did this to my sister about 30 years ago...
Poop for Porch Pirates
Only one dollar
Where are your work permits?
If I can't eat, you can't smoke!
Proper Cigarette Disposal
Don't want to respond to my maintenance requests? That's OK, I've got something for that.
Movie Theater Popcorn
I contribute to getting my teacher fired after she calls me fat.
Hotel neighbor leaves TV blaring all day, all night. I take my (petty) revenge.
"That's MR. SMITBER to you!"
The Keyboard Hypocrite.
Library destruction
The guy I'd been seeing "exclusively" for the last few months said he didn't know how to tell me that he'd been seeing someone else and lied to me about it because he "liked me as a friend and enjoyed my company..."
You want to take your time resolving my case? I think the fuck not.
Do not Disturb
Petty retail revenge
Schooling the school bully
Another ass at the gas station
Might I inquire as to your return policy then..
you look disgusting.
Work me to the bone, but I won't throw you one.
Staten Island New York.
Contribute to your friend trolling me, It'll cost you your friend's hand.
Dishes
Friend steals a toy from me, her sister helps me steal it back
You won't help me pack groceries? Ok enjoy your warm beer!
my friend broke my xbox one s,.... i got him in trouble with the school
Park on my lawn? Become a moving billboard.
Sorry I’m to busy doing drugs in the bathroom
The time a Karen almost killed us three times for a f**king donut
I put up with your bullying for 3 years then you push me 1 step too far.
Take my candy? Enjoy eating toothpaste.
You want to egg parked cars in the middle of the night? I hope you’re ready for a taste of your own medicine.
My Mom Gets revenge on my Cheapskate Grandmother (If Rslash sees this PLEASE consider reading)
Falsely accuse me for hacking you and get me in trouble, well let's just say that success is the best revenge...
Fun with auto-reply
Enjoy cleaning coagulated eggs off of your car!
I stopped my bully
You take my booking? Thanks for the free washing time.
Crash your car into my property and run? Here is your tits on the internet!
Thanks for the beer now get me my soda.
Probably not P-R worthy, but I just typed this up as a reply to the "shitty animal abusing neighbors" thread before it was removed. Too long to let it go to waste.
Gave my ex boyfriend’s butt plugs to his mom.
Fighting bully by getting in his head
Bully me, and be made sad
MLB Hall of Famer Nap Lajoie gets revenge against the owner of a rival team over 50 cent admission price.
Love Spell To Change The Mindset
Really simple petty revenge
You Want Me Back? Quadruple my Salary Motherf**ker
Inconsiderate sister, toxic behavior, a$$hole boyfriend - need revenge ideas
Disgruntled ex shaming my business publically
Suggestion: $1 noise bomb (use as you see fit :) )
My Veggie shake tastes too much like veggies.
Annoying acquaintance and her slip up.
Jeeps are pretty thin vehicles and if you have the doors off, you don't need much room to get out.
Ignore my work orders for broken air conditioner in 90°+ weather if you want to.
Magician's revenge
Very Petty Cookie Revenge
Sweet revenge on a parking garage line cutter
You're not sweet, so neither is your coffee.
Spit sunflower seeds on the floor? Get up and wait while I clean up every last one. (With bonus story)
Nice tv
My friend(guy I used to know after this incident) spoiled the ending of The Half Blood Prince for me. I didn't forget....
I left and put a company back a few years
Body shaming bullies
break my heart and spread rumors about me? fine, ill sleep with your friend.Have fun cleaning that off
Girl created four fake accounts to harass me on after she pulled some horrible stuff. Have her #. Help
Circle Game? This is my town
Always wake a sleeping dog
Go Yankees!
Make my life miserable in School? Say goodbye to your pride!
Call someone you don't know a cunt, for having an opinion. Enjoy getting wrecked.
You don't wanna do your job? Have some milk.
That was the day my mom learned soap is not food
Bitch me out for nothing, will you???
More petty coffee revenge
Steel my seat I will take yours
Revenge, Served Cold, after 3 years. on my college Senior.
Can you please call this: scammer
Try and waste my time and Ill waste yours
Move my arm? Move my book? No problem, sir.
You will never ever go to America, get it out of your head!!Retribution
“Pretend-sext” me, will you?
A relative shared a story with a very unexpected result.
Good luck finding your two week old phone!
Park in my spot. Enjoy the dirty diaper
I Scared A Group of Teenager Boys When I Was Younger
Burning Man Petty Revenge Shenanigans
The best Karma slam from my youth. Best rejection reversal ever?
A “friend”
Gave teacher “Motivational quote”
Don’t want to pay for your food? Neither do I. Have fun!
How I got revenge on my friend for stealing my book
My arachnophobic roommate and his friends broke my stuff while drinking before a night out
Using highbeam &amp; tailgating me? Prepare to eat your own medicine
entitled kid steals my hot lunch so i burn his feet with boiling tea
Blare your horn at a handicapped child? Have fun waiting
Laugh at me for not getting a ride to the bus stop? Get left out of ride and miss the bus yourself.
Some extremely petty, vaguely nauseating revenge
Mess up my serve? Have some balls in your face.
Petty revenge against greedy landlord
Apartment neighbors left their old couch in the downstairs lobby
Hit my car? I'll cover yours in snot.
Revenge as sweet as candy
You think you can keep parking in my driveway eh?
Jerkoff Bosses
Wife took petty revenge on my mom
Don't listen to me when I say you didn't do it right? Fine. Enjoy some extra training.
Wake me up at 3 AM? Enjoy your complimentary shower
threaten me? let me report you
Wanna yell at the cashier? Screw your cupcakes.
Level 1 asshole cleric slaps himself across the face
My parents let us loose in a furniture store.
Want my parking space? Good luck with that.
An old high-school friend kicks out his room-mates, so they (or someone else) get him fired.
Are you already following the life of Hafid, the phone thief?
A little surprise for an aggressively impatient next-in-line
Almost killed walking landfill roommate with chili
Don't pay the bill, don't get electricity
Get mad because I didn't do a chore the 1 day I specifically told you I wasn't home? Have fun sleeping!
If you like poking your finger into other people's food, don't be upset when you get fingered back.
Enjoy your soda shower
Revenge on A book thief!
Douchebags put their volleyball court on our beach
Asshole date gets punished for being a dick to the wait-staff by taking advantage of his pride.
Park too close at your own risk.
Got former manager demoted for verbal abuse
Cellulitis (Cell-u-lite-is): Inflammation of the cellulite.
Ignore your significant other? I'll do the same.
Yell at me now you have to pay 2000€
Revenge is best served in the form of frozen yogurt
Acuse mee get a scholing!!!
The Satanic Temple Performs Same-Sex Ceremony At Westboro Baptist Church Leaders Family Gravesite
Major Asshole strikes again...as do I...
Don't like others making noise even though you do the same thing? Take that!Taste the difference (x-post from /r/TalesFromYourServer)
Start trying to sell me shit when I'm barely in the door? I've got all day to waste your time.
Tip your uber driver.
Dickhead teacher tried stepping to me
When I was 10 years old I gave a 40ish year old man a shower of Indian curry.
Tell me my opinion is invalid? Alright. Go Ahead
No, you don't get to hog an entire table to yourself in a crowded food court.
Dive in the shallow end
"What do you mean it is rated M!?
Does this qualify?
Banning a high school bully from a restaurant
Laundry Guy
Sauced it to the managers
Try and Illegally overtake me? Get hit by a bus then.
Cheat of my test and accuse me of cheating ill make sure u fail!
Cant
Roommate drunkenly skipped out on his cab fare and made me pay so I made him sweat..
Annoying girl who kept cheating off of me
It's not a photoshoot after all.
Don't nag me please
Take my sleep, I'll be the worst (l)user ever!
Cut me off in the parking lot? Enjoy your wait.
Repeatedly Cut Off In Traffic. Revenge? Go slow.
Piss me off I Piss her off (germaphobes worst nightmare.)
Revenge is a dish best served ... hot. And smoky.
"Well, you'll just have to remember us then."
I'm an evil genius
UPDATE: He Still Won't Face Facts
Tourists Suck
I got revenge on the school bully.
Talking crap about someone with special needs? Get called out in front of a whole class.
Cuss me out and act like an idiot in public? That's fine...
$.39 of bliss
Bully me for ages, then threaten to kill me? Enjoy getting a suspension!
Bully a girl in front of me? I'll tell your mom you blew your boyfriend under the bleachers.
Waste my time? Enjoy seeing your popcorn burn
Oh you need something? That sucks.
I destroyed a mountain for a parrot
Tailgating Asshole
Want to donate to a charity someone hates and have a letter sent to them letting them know a donation was made in their name...
Patriotic Post-it Revenge
petty revenge on my shitty roommate, inspired by another post i read here
Snotty co-worker refused to help me when I needed it, so I "helped" her when she needed it.
Laugh at my intelligence, will you? Then screw you?
My dad, an original connoisseur of petty revenge
Trash your hotel room and don't tip the housekeepers? Enjoy your smoking fine.
Email Revenge
My Para was an ass
Kid steals my $50, I steal a lot of his things
Family on Facebook
I am new and I am looking for think to waste time like stories
Never tip your delivery driver? Enjoy your cold pizza
You think it’s mine? Okay I’ll take it.
Payback for a bully
Neighbors think they own the town, I show them otherwise
Flash at me?! Enjoy my agonisingly slow driving
Remember your keys next time!
Coca cola really does bring happiness
Spamming "EZ" on the chat on the game gives ya a ticket on Reddit
Man Threatens to Rape Woman For Sharing Her Opinion About An Article
My AP Teacher Never Saw It Coming!
Waterko lololol
Register with your PayPal account to win a gift card
I took a sh*t on my friend's door mat
Call Me An Idiot i'll Show you an idiot
Moped Justice
A Thief and His Games
Be careful its hot
Cousin stole my birthday money
Gift Card
What's that on your brand new car?
Officer tries to cut ahead, it doesn't pan out
Enjoy that super hot shower.
Teach the teacher a lesson
Money revenge
Never mess with a flight attendant.
Got my silent revenge on a CEO who used me to get work done for free and then let me go for something that was his fault
Petty revenge against a social media “influencer”
Not so macho now, are you?
ROBLOX SCP
hover to make me work faster?
Piss me off? Get your icetea replaced with water.
Thou shall not violate my space
Never text and drive, or I'll get you
Noisy Upstairs Neighbours get knocked down, and dont get up again.
My mom gets back at my sister (lengthy, but I promise it's good)
Morning Rush Hour Train Pettiness
3AM dishes
satisfying if slight revenge against teacher
Be nice to me or your business page gets it.
The Cash Drawer
Fortnite Skin Revenge
"SHUT UP WE'RE IN A MIDDLE OF A GAME DON'T DISTRACT US!!!" okay then...
The pettiest of college revenges
Keurig revenge.
Cash only at McDonalds at 2:00 a.m. I don't think so!
No thanks, I'll take the stairs.
Don't f**k with another man's vehicle
so this is an older story but i still wanna tell it
The Laxative Sandwich
If you're going to reach into customers' delivery bags, I'm going to stop you.
I will piss you off by being a good student!
Sister thinks jump scaring me is funny, she forgets her irrational fears
Have fun working by yourself!
With the cherry on top
You block my entry? I block your exit.
Petty Revenge Wasn't as Sweet as I Thought it Would be.
Had a dream about an old enemy the other night. Decided to look them up. Found an arrest report and mugshot.
Pharmacy revenge
A**holes on horses
No one wants your Jimmy
The 'Butter' incident (x-post from /r/badroommates)
Stealing tips
Fizzled Petty Revenge on Mom's Longwinded Voice Mails
It was a small gesture, but today I got to play karma.
Mean old lady sending letters gets what she deserves.
Throw people under the bus and habitually stab them in the back, then start a company event using copyright material?.... that's a C&amp;D
Artisanal my ass
Extremely competitive coworker got tricked to waste her salary.
I need crazy neighbor revenge ideas
You abused me and now gaslight me i am going to ruin your new year’s eve
No, I did not steal your $5
How to get revenge on 20+ kids.
oh, you want this spot?
Office cleaner gets petty revenge on me!
Colleague uses annoying ringtone to irritate all of us as a joke. Petty revenge ensues
I can't stand line skippers...
ASAP requirements? Sorry it took 2 weeks to complete them.
Habenero Cake
Spoilt co-workers tomato sauce.
Hate that I use a binder but think you can scream at my buddies? Enjoy seeing me being masculine for the rest of the fucking week!
Revenge that kept on giving..
James Woods Is Now A Proud Member of The Party for Socialism and Liberation
It appears we’re at an impasse!
The most PETTIEST revenge ever!
Costco parking revenge
My petty revenge on the Lipstick Bountyhunters
Sales company won’t leave me alone....?
You dont want to answer my questions and insult me and my family? Enjoy having to do your job :D
How I taught my 4 year old cousin not to kick people.
help: why can't I make a post?
Petty coin revenge
I took a dump on a bathroom floor
A Touching Story: Mutual Petty Revenge, Me and my Cat
The longer it takes to exact revenge, the sweeter it is.
Concerts are for Listening
Let your baby bite me? Tomorrow is gonna be crap for you.
My friend's made her leave the school!
You take my chair...
Pushy Tim Hortons lady. Gets burned.
My neighbours build a house on my land
One of my favorite childhood memories
X-post from another reddit. In Which we Discover the Wrath of the Scheduling Secretary, and the Hilarity which Ensues Therein
Forgot about a cake on the bottom of my cart
The tale of the Audi in the night
I used to think Petty Revenge was a dish best served cold...
Fire Me? Let's show your browsing history
Asshole kid being a bitch
Slowly but surely fattening my flatmate
GF betrayed me, I made her flunk her last year in High School
Douchebags tried to force me out of a room during exam time
Petty revenge on a sixth grader
mobile gaming brings out the worst in people
Hate the smell of popcorn? Too bad!
Cut me off? EAT MY SHORTS
Honk your horn at me, get your car rammed by a grocery cart
Parking Lot Rage
Don't block our parking spot..
45 minutes for burgers and fries?
So you feel like lying to me repeatedly, huh?
Lady honks at me while putting groceries away, and has to wait longer as a result
How I never had to make a sandwich for my brother again.
Asshole shop owner accuses me of stealing, so I actually steal from him
Want to petty revenge gate keep the restroom? Okay... We can play that game. How about I gate keep the wifi/LTE access to the entire building?
Request for Petty action(s) to takeExacting Petty Revenge 14 years later
Campus tailgater gets his kumuppins
my brother yeeted someone 1ft taller than him into a tree
Swimming pool duches
The time I potentially ruined someone’s chances at ever going to his top college picks
Parker Lots can't Lose
Removing my boyfriends blanket privileges.
Force me to eat something you know I cannot digest? Get ready for a nasty surprise!
Tired of having answers copied
Fire ME will you? Well, in that case...
Didn't think that half second mattered...
I Can Understand Why People Go Nuts
Dads petty revenge on roommate
Yes, I'm an idiot...and your wait time just got a lot longer.
Be a judgmental prude, get a wet t-shirt
Saying hello can be hard.
Tuition Teacher SLAPS Me and then tries to play it of ! I get Revenge and she then leaves me alone.
Fuck With Me In Vietnamese And Purposely Ignore My Order? Enjoy Counting Petty Cash.
/u/Yoinkie2013 gets revenge on his asshole neighbor
EA complains about my driving. I make her miss an important event. {Short}
Boss Was Being a Jerk, So I Messed with his Phone
Get your love life ruined boi
Does it count if it was on Minecraft?
Oh well. Here comes Karma!
Don't Honk III
Can you hurry up?
Steal my shower? Have a terrible morning.
My employer decided to stop honoring my school schedule, so I left them to fill the most difficult to staff shift without me
Go on a long vacation without me? I hope you like mustard!
He hurt my glasses, I hurt his mouth
She got a problem with me being gay; she got a bigger problem now being unemployed
Doushbag neighbor decides the proper place for his glass Starbucks bottle is in a million shards in front of my driveway
Steal my gas ?? Well, have fun fixing your bike !
Tailgate me in a school zone. Hope your not in a rush
I suck at revenge
No, I don't want to play with you.
Let me sleep, dangnabbit.
Don't call me lazy!
I'm "anorexic girl" and don't usually eat so she didn't think I would be hungry
Roommate relentlessly accused me of trying to steal her boyfriend. So I did, along with quite a number of other belongings.
Break my schoolyard invention? Enjoy your suspension
My ex's disgusting gf
Double parking your truck? Learn about my half-parking skills!
Biscuit-thieving bastard brother
So that Asshole Audi is back.
When I was 5, I was on the pot and needed toilet paper. I asked my sister, but she said "get it yourself". I then got mad and used her bra she left on the floor... My mother found it in the laundry 30 minutes later. My sister wouldn't talk to me for 3+ hours; we joke about it to this day.
Even more space seat but still need to recline your seat? I'll just do some olympic typing behind you.
Enjoy filling the cups with ice
Tourist rudely asks for help. I tell him to take the train that skips his stop.
I Burnt the Last of his "Favorite Snack"
Ruin my Childhood? Enjoy the Divorce
Complain about my work uniform? I’ll show you why I wear it!
Disrupt and distract the class for the entire day? Fine, have fun looking for your mouse!
Don’t touch people’s clothing.
Oops
Honk outside my house every dang day, will ya?
Revenge on lady with a weeks worth of shopping who wouldn't let me go in front of her with one packet of painkillers.
You want to be a dick to me in the parking lot? I wish you the best of luck in your interview
You waste my time I’ll waste yours
Now your marketing is wrong!
“Who smeared Poop on my door???”
Learn a thing or two from your daughter.
I subscribed my grandmother to pornography
cheating on minecraft
Super petty brother revenge
Throw yourself at the band I'm trying to enjoy? Enjoy my elbows!
Take that, Shitty Parking Guy
Didn't feel like walking an extra block
Spell my name wrong in a work email? Okay then....
Enjoy your flight
Leaving me out of the group? I’ll throw away the sheet needed to be turned in!
Want to make me stay extra time at work? Payback's a slightly inconvenient irritation.
Jackass roommate leads to petty revenge
Enjoy your drink.
My sis was blackmailing me to do her biding and got what she deserved
Sister was rude to me this morning, so I went and shut off her internet.
Don't touch my shit.
My Buddy the Accomplice
Slow the hell down!
Try to tell me how to do my job while I am doing my job correctly?
Keep using my LABELED sugar jar without asking me? Okay, time to get petty!
Used my blusher brush as a duster to dust my bedroom then let my friend use it on her face
Scaring the living crap out of our Nightmare Neighbor
Don't steal my jungle buff when I say I need it.
Revenge of the Geek
Disabled guy uses his honest reputation to keep his bully from getting drunk!
I need some ideas
Stop! Wait a minute
Revenge at the Bar
Where do I go for ideas? What sub? Rule one says I can't ask for advice here, so I'm not,but I'll give you a little backstory to help point me in the right direction.
My coffee revenge from today.
Motorbike tried to cut me up, - on his ass
I took and hid a piece from a 2500 piece puzzle my mom has been working on for weeks because we’re in a fight.
Want to keep telling me I'm doing my job wrong? I'll show you!
The mods of this subreddit dont know how to message back to their participants!
Sweet, petty, syrupy revenge on a food-stealing, free-loading roommate
Scissors? Seriously???
Enjoy the early morning wake up
You don't want to merge nicely? Then you can wait!
Roommate vs. Roommate (epic length...you've been warned)
Messer Becomes the Messed
Fire our co-worker buddy? You'll regret it...
Young "Karen" next door...well, previously next door.
Not that I feel particularly aggrieved by my current work
Steal Electricity? Good luck getting home!
Petty revenge on evil next door neighbors in my apt complex.
Don't say good morning to me after I say it to you? Have fun picking up garbage tomorrow morning!
Guy tries to scam a repair center, doesn't end well for him
Endanger puppies? Enjoy being woken up at EVERY DAY.
Nerfguns? More like noguns.
Show 'em How to Burlesque
Yell at me?! Let me mess with your perfect blinds.
Assignment shenanigans
Possible foreigner cut me off in line.
Shoot me and I'll shoot back- the revenge of a bruised little girl.
Mess with my EX :D
Revenge on husband through the tiny doggo.
Ask for a carryout and don't help me put your shit in your car, prepare for some deep penetration.
The hassle of finding a new job
I was right and you were wrong!
Lie about my friend? Guess you lose your cat
Very Petty Revenge on Bratty Child in Waiting Room
He who laughs most obnoxiously, feels satisfied.
The day I got detained by the police
You want to win so bad? Enjoy the loss.
Be nice to cashiers
Save a few minutes, Lose a few hours
How netflix got created
I need revenge.
Got a cop to ticket an idiot on a bicycle this morning
Karma Chameleon: Petty Revenge from the universe.
Don't forget to prepare my lunch!
All by your lonesome.
Dr. Cardiothoracic Von ButtMunch
Don't mess with a touch-typist's typewriter (pettiness across the decades)
Someone owes me money and I need revenge
Donation of Guilt Money
throw a fit for my spot? I have all day
Roommate pettiness
Lie to the insurance company? Enjoy your new rate!
Dishing Out Revenge
Best way to get even with someone that broke your heart?
Maybe you shouldn't have cheated.....
Rude chef gets just desserts
Ignorant people made fun of my accent/language
Don't be a dick in the parking lot
Be petty? I'm more petty.
Copy Centre Revenge
8 percent.
Dick Pics
Tell people personal information about me. Have fun being a socialoutcast
Just pick up your clothes
This man was bragging about his father participating in The Nanking Massacre so he got his arm fractured.I Didn't Turn On Red
Camp prank is for dinner party of one
Family Fun, No Harm Done
Abuse your power against a cashier just to get some smokes? Don't think that I'll let it slide!
How to piss off a school with a coat
Keep walking! Keep walking!
Petty Road Rage Game
How to deal with nuisance calls.
Passive Aggressive Petty Revenge
No ma'am I'm not impersonating myself, but I hope you like being stuck out in the rain!
2 Scoops UPDATE #2: The Rent-ening
So you won't let my daughter look at the princesses?
Student pays his parking ticket... With 11,000 pennies.
Lie about your diet, get outted on facebook
Be a Little Shit, Eat Shit.
Bad and Petty Customer Service
12 months living with inconsiderate housemate
A**hole boss' secret porn addiction.
No food for you
Don't Take What Isn't Yours
frat boy fuck buddy fucked with me (further suggestions welcome)
Quick and dirty.
Cut me off in the parking lot? Fine.
Downstairs neighbour ran an illegal day care and would complain my kids made her job difficult.
Be a bitch I mess with your pizza
So u want to continue screaming at me for breaking ur ds even though i said i would pay? i will waist all of ur time!
Make stories about animal abuse? Some evil eye coming your way.
Why tailgating is a bad idea.
Threaten to assault me at work? Enjoy tasting my sweaty asshole with your morning coffee.
My mom ignores me, so I’m salty
U are not alone!
Something About Bitstrips
41 yo Pedo harrasses my gf,this is what he gets in exchange
Move the Damn Car
Yesterday's PARKING revenge story (somewhat unique)
Nair, no hair.
My brother embarrassed the school when they got upset my nephew covered the laptop's camera
The satisfaction of putting an ex-girlfriend in her place and teaching her to be humble.
Revenge for a late delivery
A revenge eight years in the making
Clean the smoke pit
Live Luxuriously with MClub. Get Membership Now.
An Ex-friend got a good friend in ISD so i got her in there too.
GFs sister steals my condoms so I give her a graduation card
This one is about a time in high school when no one wanted me on their team during team sports
Bully me? I've left a surprise in your shoes.
A formative moment of my childhood.
"Oh, sorry! It's been a long day - let me pop my shoes off!"
You have to read this...
You spread rumors about me, I'll add my name on your boyfriend's bucket list
Half brother said he didn't care
Wife ruins TV shows by watching video’s on phone without headphones. Think I’ll do the same.
A creamy surprise for my heroin addicted boyfriend.
Help? Ideas
My favorite way to mess with asshole parking
A drug dealer ripped me off for 40 bucks so I destroyed his boat.
RES tag for revenge.
A Servers Petty Revenge on my Brat Teenage Sister
Don't park in my spot!
Trash can of revenge.
Run past the line to get your books, have fun paying the higher price.
Customer tries to hide perishable dairy at register because she didn't want it. Bought it anyway.
In a hurry? Please, you can wait!
Pointless Gains and Traffic Violations
You destroy my minecraft world i destroy your fortnite creative world
Karen vs. The University Debate Camp
Talk during class, have fun with a dead battery
Dying Aunt gets revenge on cheating Uncle.
I un-helped my roommate because he ruined my video game
Do Not Encroach Upon My Register!
You let people off the train before you get on
Schoolkids ruined our first anniversary so we got our revenge.
Junk mailing an ex?
Westboro babtist church gets owned by combat vets.
Smack My ass with a Seeing Eye cane a few times? you aren't getting off at your stop.
one of my GPA's many stories
Revenge against the system, Good or great idea?
If I have wet clothes you’ll have wet clothes
Petty Lunch Revenge
Take the parking space that i have been waiting on? enjoy some wolverine style scratches
directed dick pics towards an uber driver who stood me up
My friend bailed on a day I planned out because he spent his money on Belle Delphine’s bathwater
If you’re going to prank call me, withhold your number.
Call me a bitch, I get your parole revoked.
Kid plagiarizes my speech; I do the unthinkable for any Debater
Don't Touch My Girlfriend's Underwear
In your face!
Don’t want to wait for one car? Now we wait for two!
Act like a bitch, get the wrong size drink.
"We made this". No, I made this.
Fable - Revenge of the disproportionately jilted psychopath customer
Sleazy guy has to live in his own personal purgatory
How my father asserted dominance over his co-worker
Took One (not) for the Team
Revenge on credit-stealing boss
Military Policeman (MP) should have been more understanding.
Make my sister cry? No cookies for you.
Tea bagging a beer.
Ask for my help, and then insult me? Enjoy having to wait for a restart
Take my Myki, miss your train.
Congratulations on the new haircut!
I need some help with ideas.
A recipe for penultimate petty revenge.
Wake-Up Pee
I think my petty revenge just got petty revenged
Putting a man child in his place.
The neighbours stole our boat.
Don't be rude to your students.
The Petty Avenger
Concert Justice
Thought that we wouldn't know if you talk in another language? Think again.
Saved my bosses life but put him out of business in the process
I know you regretted that decision
You steal my pencil grip, you get an F
Revenge against obnoxious co-worker.
The ground beef story
Petty Manager Revenge
Petty Revenge on the US Navy.
Yup, I hid her "medication".
Ignore the fact my friend has cerebral palsy... we make the bus ride a nightmare
Cut me in line? Fine.
Double revenge on a lady who didn't use her blinker
feedback wanted: purellube
But I'm the customer!
I went to pet my dog but my sister didn't like this.
Petty but Satisfying
Black belt gets his karma
want the link?
I bill checked a bill checker.
From a pizza guy to an ice cream shop
The fuck are you in my way for?
Terrible Neighbors
Annoy me with moving ads? I won't rate you
Screwed out of my holiday pay because we “don’t have set schedules”; 3 months later I use the exact same phrase to my boss when asked why I didn’t come in when I wasn’t on the schedule.
Planning my revenge
enjoy your 0400 wake up message.
Don't talk shit to your ride UPDATED
Dolphin Emojis are Flipping Awesome
Be an ass to everyone every day? Guess I’m gonna slap you every day in return
Petty revenge from behind the checkstand
Here's my petty revenge
Park me in, will ya?
Girl torments another girl during health presentation; I make her think she's going to have to answer questions about sex in front of the class
Petty Hotel Behaviour
the worst person i have ever met
Angering a sleeping giant
Break the rules? I'll blow up your phone with great deals so it never has to happen again
I hate loud music
Want something to drink, but don’t actually drink it?
Getting proactiv with law library terror
Petty Feuds Call for Petty Revenge
Always remember to change the toilet paper
If you’re going to steal all the clothes, I’ll at least make it interesting
Want to be an obnoxious little shite on the train?
An obese man was cruel to his waitress so I tricked him into exercising.
My first Karen: The dawn of cell phones and retail aggravation
Take up two parking spots? Good luck leaving any time soon.
An email for every line drawn.
Try and force me into your MLM? Okay, I'll own you in your interview and then decline your 'job' offer over the phone.
Yell at me for no reason? Good luck feeling tired everyday.
One Way Only
Dont call people who pay you a tip "idiot"
Bullying me? enjoy your new reputation.
Cheap Ass Pays Double
Cheat on me? Have fun with nowhere to live!
Fresh fries aren’t hot enough? Enjoy burning your mouth on these ones.
Be rude? Lose your beer.
Friend poured cold water on me in the shower so I pour cold water on him every day for a week
7 y/o masterminds plotting revenge.
Kid doesn’t do any work for group project, gets kicked out and changes classes
Petty revenge for a baby grand piano
my narcissistic aunt started yelling at me so I made a song about her daughter who left her and started singing it while she was outside the front door
Dating a new guy, his ex-girlfriend messages me on Facebook. 2 years later, after I marry him, I finally respond.
A condiment packet the size of a pinkie is too expensive to give with a paid meal huh?
Tailgate me on the highway? I’ll get you pulled over by an undercover.
Nice park job, you maxi pad.
Is there a good text bomb site
Sweet Sweet Revenge
If you act like a jerk I will smack your candy bar
A ticket-switcher catches themselves red-handed
Send your bills on time, or I will not pay
revenge on a neighbour who's dog shits on my lawn.
Got my first taste of petty revenge 25 years ago and the reaction still makes me chuckle
Want to blast the TV volume in the living room? Enjoy the feeling of burning in hell.
A smelly revenge for a rude woman on the bus
Thrash talk and harass me online all the time? Get rekt IRL
Don't fuck with underage privileged​ girls
Burned a bully so bad it hurt (DISCLAIMER! includes puke)
Speeding around speed bumps eh?
Awful teacher and bullies get what they deserve...
Group lead doesn't update the final draft of a project report, Prof wants us all to take a hit
Short but sweet.Dont be an asshole on the motorway
Treat your loaner car like shit? Your closest servicing center is now 5 hours away.
Goggles
When it comes to cars, Loud does not always equal fast.
mild but satisfying
Don’t steal my pencils
B*tchy Mom got arrested and his son got a nosebleed
my 6 year old sister gets revenge for her and her friend.
A raging jerk? Good luck getting home.
I hope you feel cramped!
My principal politely asked me to leave the school for "scarring the students"
A Shame It's Gone From Netflix
Keep slamming me with work, enjoy cleaning up the store.
Control your young.
Local band won’t play our requests, won’t be back to our bar!
Sorry random drunk people, the bathroom is closed
Don't fuck with your coder
Petty defense of an associate
Security vs the homeless
No sports for you
Snipe my parking spot? Fine.
Continuously interrupt class will you?
Don't eat my food.
New Car Bitch
Shaken not stirred...
Casino: Rude patrons hate waiting.
Kill them with kindness.
I need help with some petty revenge
Neighbor kept taken other people's clothes out of the washer mid cycle so I ruin thier clothes.
Chicken Dinner
Bully me for 5 years? I'll make you go insane.
Revenge from the back of a cop car
Do your job wrong? I will treat your colleague so well and make you watch!
Breaking Catholicism with a Question
Parking on the sidewalk? Enjoy your ticket.
Teachers am I right....
I can hear you, I'm just ignoring you.
You know how some people at a big store with a parking lot where douche bags sit for a spot to open while cars are waiting behind them?
Not sure if revenge, but it's definately petty.
How my bro and I COMPLETELY DESTROYED a person who was cursing at random players!!!
Mean waitress: That time I definitely wasn’t the bigger person
I have a gun in my shoes!
When our plan for revenge failed against my friend's sister, she had the opportunity for her own. And took it.
Cut in line? Time to go around the "block" to find parking
Hog a lane? Swim sidestroke!
Best thing to do with a phone number?
Inconsiderate person left belongings and stayed signed in at a computer for over two hours while MIA.
Kid bullies me and my friends until i get his password and do this...
Bully me for over a month? Enjoy your ears exploding!
Kids pick on me, Gets revenge
Asshole Roommate Revenge.
you know how sometimes you're at a stop light and the person behind you starts to honk the second it turns green?
Smells in your office? Yes sir I'll get right on that!
Man gets visa shredded by store so he takes revenge
Guys dog bit my daughter, then was a lying jerk. So we got his dog impounded and, sent him the bills for it.
Short but sweet, I think
The way Reddit reacted to Net Neutrality vote.
Karen called the police to claim that I physically hit her with my car in the Costco parking lot. I have a dash cam.
My experience with 2 Chatty Cathys at the movie theater
The ex got the boot
Oh, can't commit? I'll have this large, expensive box of chocolates to myself instead. Also should I tell her previous ex and/or current, new, within a week boyfriend of her typical/previous antics? :3 Also free stuff if anyone wants it.
Bully my cousin at her father's funeral? Eat gravel.
Make me do all the work? Be prepared to fail.
Should I ghost or pretend we are still dating and fuck other girls behind her back?
Don't Order McDonald's After Closing
Ruffles Revenge
Crazy Girl at a Restaurant
Don't cut me off in your company car!
Don't plan on sending us a Christmas card? Now you look like the jerk
Happy Labour Day!
Boss won't come into the office? Sends vague emails about what I should be doing. You're office is going to smell like farts when you get back.
this is the story
I took a shit in roommates $300 UGG’s and wiped my ass with his pillow cases
Dad uses almost all of the data. So I make him pay.
My Breakfast Eggs Victory
Not my problem you can't park
Be a shitty driver, get a lawyer scare
My sad teenage attempt at petty revenge on a cheating boyfriend.
Smoking is bad enough, throwing the stuff everywhere is worse.
Foreign waiter was rude in his language so I returned the favor.
I instigated some petty revenge between my bosses to my own benefit. Does that count?
Revenge against coworker (long story)
Obnoxious kids at car show
Some of us have jobs, bud
Help expose boss
Best way to get revenge
Former employer refuses to payout PTO forgets that I was given copy of official PTO handbook
Going slow to make me mad? Two can play that game...
My mom, Petty Queen
I hope you slept well.
Impatient lady honks 0.1 seconds after the light changes. So I make her wait longer.
Steal My Sandwich? Be prepared to eat something horrible.
Tell me I'm a bad mom, good luck getting child support.
You break my laptop? You pay for it
No more movies for you
Roommate never puts dishes away.
PM me spoilers for a series I don't really care about? Have some GoT spoilers for your trouble! (no spoilers in this post, though!)
Consider cheating on me.. be forever confused.
Petty Revenge that happened on me...
How can I convince my ISP to unlock my account, without requiring me to verify identity at Canada Post?
How to make this guy's life a bit miserable?
So this guy in my class kept taking my water...
Ignore my emails? Enjoy your interview.
My college roommate was kind of a psycopath and a bitch
For a few years, I sabotaged my old school bullies life.
Signing spammers up for spam
Steal my Easter Egg, You’re not getting tea.
Make fun of me? Get out of school.
I accidentally ruined a former “friends” life while trying to help her
School bully ended up needing my help years later
Christmas Card drama will ensue because of my petty revenge.
Oh, you want my charger back. You'll get it back alright.
Try to mess with my RC car club? Let me ruin your soccer teams grand final.
If my roommates do something annoying or tick me off. I wait till they leave or go to sleep then unplug their PS4 controllers.
Library shenanigans
She loved the meat I gave her too.
Not related! Please stop calling.
Fat alcoholic boss gets told off.
Revenge on my brother.
Ex-friend blew up at me for not selling him a card fast enough, so I made sure he never gets to own a copy.
I water down peoples drinks (I’m a server)
Adorable frenchie
Friend Got a taste of his own medicine
Now everyone can see how much of a fuck-up you are.
Man in Indonesia buys all the fried chicken in store to spite customer who called him fat
Don't be rude to the person finding you car fluids.Grocery store express lane
Do something to keep those kids quiet, and I did.
My 6th Grade Bullying Story
Racial Conflict
Don't want to do your share of the work?
I framed a broken part and posted a comment about it 4 years later LOL
That'll Teach Ya
Why even cut me off?
Bad roommates are mercilessly nyan-catted
Disrespectful laundry neighbor.
I became a portrait photographer out of pure spite
The old neighbor who thinks he owns the world.
Tried to back out of our deal
An Asian lady cut me off.
Shine a light? Feel the burn
Steal my wirelessmouse? Cant use it without a port
"Tail gate me will you?" and "Bad dog!"
Drum major butt head I'm on mobile suck it
Revenge on a shitty boss
Creepy guy doesn't get his vegan drink
My step-dad kept having a go at me for using the wifi, so I proved he uses more than me.
Has anyone used ipoopyou.com?
Pettiness in the workplace.
Disrespect motorcycles, get blinded.
Bully me the entire year? Get a faceful of porn infront of the teacher.
Insult me at the Urinal? Enjoy explaining to the cop.
Step-grandmother is bitch, gets manipulated in returnStick my clothes in the garbage bin? -.- Seriously? I don't think so.
Dick brother steals my stuff. I get him back by using Bluetooth to play the porn he is watching over the loudspeakers for our whole family to hear.
Be rude and pushy at a crowded show, enjoy a wet foot
Well, good morning
Went full detective mode on online scammer
(Former colleague)Clerk(law) tries to get me reprimanded at new gig for “inaccurate” document in real estate, guess who swallowed her words (and I got to send a hidden message)
I deliver pizzas...
Classmate of mine failed to hand in/share his part of an assignment on time, leaving others annoyed. Now, a week later, he can't log into the school website to get the collection of other students' parts, and complains. No one is responding.
Bet you wish you were eating dinner
So My Ex Gave Me Herpes
He stole my sandwich so I fed him bits of .... me.
THAT'S MY MONEY NOW revenge (a tale of forgiveness and revenge)
Pulled my job offer only to bring me in to talk shit to my face, sorry for your Glassdoor/google rating.
Sweet petty revenge on a middle school teacher
I love being petty
Enjoy sitting on the toilet, little sister
“First come, first serve, baby!”
Be a Jerk? Get a ticket.
Want to pass my work as yours? Here's my transparent watermarked pixelated portfolio.
Very, very petty waffle revenge
Just another story about dishes
You Should've Worn Shoes, Sweetie
Have fun searching for your phone to see the time!
"The best revenge is living well"
Question: What would you do to fuck with this complete and total scumbag?  (Story inside!)
Sister takes my shovel so I take revenge :)
My brother hogs the pc
Use all of MY shaving cream eh?
You took the wrong person's newspaper.
My exhusbad divorced me to marry my bestfriend. So I cleaned out the bank account and made sure he cheated on her as well.
Ring Around The Scholar
Don't insult someones looks without being prepared for revenge
Try and cut off my hair? I dont think so!
The pen thief
A Fish for a Fish
Shared laundry rooms...
Your negligence will cost you.
Not bothered to clean okay not its in your draw
Be a pompous ass of a boss? Enjoy finding that one typo.
Funny, I don't see a sign that says that...
Ship your stuff to an address you don't live at then demand I text you when you get stuff? I think not.
Ruined my stepsister's birthday and got her banned from all clubs in town.
He calls me a fatass to my face, ruin his laptop
Who wants to see my ex girlfriend naked?
Tailgate me? Okay. Let's play.
I Put Conkers In My Mum's Pillow As Revege
Rough night
Toiletpaper
“You’re pretty now. So it’s different”
Send an email to the whole company trying to get me in trouble? You will send an apology email--to everyone--before the end of the day.
There is no finer revenge than that which other people's kids inflict on your enemy.
You abuse me for taking a park I'm perfectly entitled to - I'll give it to the next guy.
Walk in the road? Keep walking.
I'm uncool for not fucking around? lemme clean the room with your toothbrush.
Stop reading what I'm writing and I won't mess with your head.
The money isn't for you, ya idiot.
"Do you know how to make good coffee, or should I not bother?"
Karma always comes back to bite you, and in this story rather quickly.
Racist kids are the worst kids
That's not a tow truck
Occupied!
That red headed restaurant
I don’t give discounts to rude customers
sisterly hate relationship
Know your place
Steal my friday night fun, get arrested.
Stinkin' cop
Steal my Skittles? You'll regret it.
Karen stole a parking spot that she clearly saw I was waiting for.
Cheeky taxi driver gets his just desserts
Have fun waiting at my door....
A Night In The Life Of A Bus Driver
Didn't bring your bottle? Don't worry I have a few extras...
We already left!
My boss cut my dept in half and is just a dick in general. He has several 1 and 2 star reviews on his Google profile...
Sit on me, get bony elbow to breastbone, when I need to get up.
Think ghosting is funny? Let me scare you to death.
Take my mom's parking spot? Ok we will wait for it
Block me in? Taste my sweet revenge!!!
Bump of revenge!
If you need a shower so badly, it's not going to be pleasant.
Ex fiancée and I broke up a year and a half ago because she cheated on me. She still shops exclusively at Fred Meyer.
Flashing red light means STOP before you turn...
HELP NEEDED
It's a shame, isn't it?
Remote control hidden
ExFriend turned bully gets what she deserves (Long)
My gas, my time, my ears, my lighter! (It's long (and yes that's what she said))
Want to ram us on go-karts? Prepare for some good revenge
Delayed revenge on former boss
Make me retake a test for no reason, I'll waste your time.
Show off how rude you can be?
Throw a beer can at me? Alright enjoy your DUI.
You wanna make fun of my education and ideas on reddit and use a 2nd account to undo my downvotes? It's ok. I'll report you for vote manipulation.
Tell me not to bring up that your contest entry is unoriginal? How about I call you out by name on the event FB page instead
Where's my Dr. Pepper?
Don't feel like holding the elevator?
Entiteled little cousin brat ruins my Dead Cells run I ruin his Fortnite game
At a drinking fountain? What did you expect?
Steal my hue lights? Enjoy being woken up every day a few hours early.
Revenge a dish best served while at soccer practice ?
Why are YOU wearing a jacket?
I can make you leave, and I need not say anything.
You think you can annoy me with your calls? Try me. Your now getting every. single. phone. call
What are you gonna do? Tell on me?? (Continuation of my earlier story 'I have a friend who likes puzzles')
Ghost Poo 👻
Increase my Workload, I'll cost you thousands of dollars.
Revenge level: legendary
You let your horse shit on the dog field, I let my dog shit on your horse field
Destroy my beauty sleep? Good luck with your Netflix profile!
Some chick keeps using my email address
Karen calls me a slut for wearing a skirt during the pandemic. I take the snack she wants.
Hope you find your credit card!
Blast rap from your car? Two can play at that game!
A poor thieving technique in the gym locker room backfires.
My boss's boss's boss will be giving you a call ;-)
Neighbor wanted to play opera music at 3am. I played metal at the same time until he got evicted
Pettyrevenge of a cat
Don't mess with my birthday camping trip!
Pass me on the right? Enjoy a brief moment of fear.
Spoiled Infinity War for me? I'm going to do the same for you. (No Endgame spoilers!)
Same roommate, got him twice
Revenge on Eddie Murphy
Racist speeders
Make me do a ton of extra work? I'll ruin your oatmeal.
Not shutting the hell up in Spanish? You’re not even going to touch me for the entire set.
Sweet revenge
Bad mouth me and assume I don’t speak the language? I’ll kill you with kindness
How's the Leg?
Super petty office prank.
A best mans speech. Revenge in the works.
Want to be an asshole, do you
I see it as a small pay back
You think all furry rpers are pervs. ok ill make my friend rp with you and make you regret it.
Got my revenge and more on an unethical Lyft driver!
"Cut me off and steal my spot? I will turn the tables on you."
Petty revenge on the other man
POS tries to attack an old couple
My friends destroyed my building in minecraft so I made them lose 2 days of their life
Customers get discounted jerseys after someone trash talks our prices
I bodyshamed my cousin because she won't stop throwing annoying remarks about my weight gain
petty revenge on my coworker who is consistently condescending and rude to me.
Eat Your Peas B**** (x-post from TFR)
The perfect Mother’s Day Gift for the bigot in your life -
This is what happens when you throw my clothes out of the dryer onto the dirty floor.
You think our packaging is negligent? Fine, I'll make sure it arrives absolutely perfect.
Supposed-To-Be-Sweet-But-Actually-Spicy Surprise
How DARE you dine and dash!
Bully picks on my sister I get my revenge
I got pettied this morning...
Petty revenge begets petty revenge
Brother deletes my savegame, so I will do the same.
Oh my god I just LOVED that donut that you wanted so badly, jerk
How should I get back at my neighbor who parks like assholes partially in my spot regularly?
Harley in the bike lane
No parking turns into a real tizz including posting someone's number for hot sex.
Friend gets IRC banned for ban-dodging, logs in over and over until mods password protect room
I may have taken down a whole sub
Don't like what you said in the last call, lie about it and try to get me fired? Yawn, go ahead.
Kevin fucked my girlfriend in college
Park like an jerk, I'll have your car towed.
Park like an ass and treat me like shit? Fine, I didn't want your service anyways.
Making profit
Story not good enough?
I know, I'm vicious
Petty revenge against an annoying customer
How do you like the taste of dirt, Paolo?
(Stop!) In the Name of Petty Revenge
Ever wonder what happens backstage when one band is a dick to everyone else?
You want to discriminate? Say goodbye to your family.
Wanna be miserable? Fine, let's be miserable.
Sister Gets Revenge on Camp Bully
Old man gets smelly justice
You don't judge a book by its cover...or do you?
You come into my store two day a week just to be a dick? Play ball bitch
You like wasting other people's time? Great! So do I.
See how you like it...
What I did when my ex cheated
Self B.S. with no revenge.
Little sister accidentally knocked my burger out of my hand
Mom died and you want to be a dick? Fine, enjoy harassing phone calls
Steal my boyfriend? I'll get you arrested.
Constantly steal from coworkers then complain to the boss about a label being stolen?
The Eye of Truth
Slept with both of my exes? Shame on you.
Love my dad but sometimes you have to hit him where it really hurts (him only)
A person robbed from me on Discord multiple times, so I robbed them back
Got stuck behind my evil ex on my way to work
Little Jerk Pushed My Little Jerk
Super Videos
Try to manipulate me &amp; talk shit? I'll catfish you &amp; learn your kinks
Fart Wars
"You're really not that smart"
Extra noisy in a hotel room? Enjoy an early wake up call
Oh I'M a bitch? Just wait and see what this bitch can do...
Modern Home Decors for modern living style!
“Hold on let me just take my time here...” oh sorry, am I keeping you from getting to your seat?
Your Ass is Grass
Snoop through my things? Time to make you as uncomfortable as possible
parents thinks they can take advantage of aupair... they can't
How I get very petty revenge on my husband
My proudest petty road revenge
Petty revenge at the office
Teacher screen piranha on grade schooler festival.
Silence hurts the most.
I'm using the bathroom bitch.
Annoyed girl with white noise in online class!
Call me stuff? I'll use it against you :3
Revenge- The Finest Perfume of All
Put your feet up? Nah I needed a workout anyways.
Locked Out
Just because it's different doesn't mean it's wrong...
Someone who was not airing up their tires parked in the "air up your tires" spot at the gas station and was a major jerk when I asked them to move
Grandma can't take her paid vacation during global pandemic? Early retirement it is.
Strangers petty revenge my sister for parking shitty.
What's wrong, All Star?
Finally got tired of my brother stealing my shoes.
Round my bills up? Enjoy more work
On Easter, An Answered Prayer Converts This Redditor To Satanism
I dropped a link and told him to not click on it.
Tent Assholes
Yes, I can understand you
Dealt with loud sales associates
Dude, just let me go use the bathroom
It Costs to Be Stupid and Rude
Don't tell me my store policies that you don't know.
Be careful with a snow shovel full of shit
Be an asshole driver? No problem
Tag team petty revenge!
Stop stealing my sandwiches
Guy Bullies me , Gets yelled by the principal
Oh I will update my signature
Loudly exclaim that you hate kids? Enjoy a loud family.Everyone loves new babies!
Sure, you can copy off me.
6 yrs of hard work until Becky shows up and lies on me. OK. Fine.
Thread: HAHAHA! Hot chick who rejected me in HS is now divorced and a waitress at 30. I win!
If you insist.....
Some petty revenge involves traps
I lost a bet on the election, but what i did next was priceless
So I found that someone used my email to open a Facebook page in the Philippines
YOU MAKE MY FRIEND CRY AND QUIT. SAY GOODBYE TO YOUR RESTAURANT AND MONEY
Stop using my toiletries
Abuse that snooze button for two hours? No coffee for you!
Hardass teacher learns to pick her battles
Price Adjustment Mayhem
Inconsiderate flatmates taught a lesson
Guess I wasn't the only one who got petty...
Best friend tries to ruin my son's school life
A difference of ideologies..
Flip out on me and I'll ruin your business.. for a day.
How can revenge my 26 year old brother ho is acting like 16 and he is living in OUR apartment with looking for a job and making life worse. And my parents ho dont understand my probleme with him
Petty Revenge upon the Pious
Ex-ski-uuuuuse me!
i cofused my partners in science class
Get your face out of your phone
CoWorker Gets a Nasty Surprise for Lunch &gt;:)
You can't mooch off of me and bully me at the same time
A mobile phone is a good witness. (oc)
White Conservative Relatives Want to Say the N-slur at the Dinner Table? Fine.
RE: Your infinite number of emails
Loser room-mate ripped me off and got our power shut off...
Take the position I want out pettiness, have fun not having having a budget.
Push my seat back up? Say goodbye to your leg room.
Sit on the hood of someone else their car? Enjoy feeling your stomach flutter!
Money grubbing landlords
I ruined my father's and step-mother's wedding day.
Well played pettiness (x-post from r/nova)
If you get cut off at the bar, don't be a dick to the bartender, it probably wasn't his decision...
Don't fuck with the person who knows your GPA (X-Post from AskReddit)
I was in a bad mood because of my mom so I made our family cat love me more
Be careful with mushrooms
Stepbrother squirted dish soap in my eye
Won't Clean the bin? Get a Noise ComplaintBoard Game Revenge.
Don't wash your windscreen on the highway
Just a tip
Complain? Queue longer.
Train Driver vs Graffitti Artist
the redditor who set a trap for a poptart burglar
I’m lactose intolerant and my bf tricked me into drinking regular dairy milk. So when I was in bed with him for the night I released some extremely stinky farts on him 💁🏼‍♀️
Bully my friend? We'll see...
Shitty parking blocking my path? I'll show you shitty!
Guy took my roommate's parking spot so we threw ham on his windshield
French this my dear!
Fake Social Security Call Center gets Wrecked
My father's revenge on a movie theater dick.
Dude gets enraged over state's nickname. He calls me names I plaster him with photos of the nickname...feels good
Why would you leave someone 3 sheets to toilet paper?! It is ON!
New ring tone
Advice on some petty revenge
Steal $400 from me to buy iTunes gift cards? Go to jail.
Mental tattoo studio owner/stalker is getting shat on from a great height...
Waste my time, I’ll waste yours.
Barely passing my class and skip days of optional work? Heh...just wait until you fail your final....
What Goes Down Must Come Up
Wanna take my man? Have fun looking at my picture.
Cut me in line? Hope you enjoy an even longer line.
Take my parking space during a winter storm? Enjoy removing stickers from your windows
Lunchtime Drama
Need advice!
Do you want butter on your popcorn?
Revenge on the older brother.
How does it feel taking a little bit longer to get to the next story in candy crush?
I might have ruined the career of an entitled twat graduate student with a superiority complex.
Jack me around with your corporate and government shenanigans? Fuck your equipment, all over the bathroom floor. Thrice.
Nickeled and...Pennied.
Revenge of the Wet Chalk
Elementary school bully turned highschool loser (reposted from r/prorevenge)
Try to run me over will you,?
They had the audacity to encourage censoring my cute animal photos in a group I helped build. They can do their own jobs now as I take all my content with me.
Does this belong here (not way to sad story about some dogs)
Another reason you don't date Crazy
Bully me? Time for some Change!
Curb Alert: I'll take your couch.
It’s not mine!
You snap at me? Taste my petty revenge.
If you harass me to get what you want, I'll give you what you want when I want to.
A Small Revenge on Dirty Dishes
Facebook and poker during class? Nope
Your bigotry sustains me
Revenge on fake friend
wasting a few minutes of an ex-boss' time
My friend posted a picture on Facebook in which she looks great and I look horrible and refused to delete it. So I posted another picture in which we both look equally horrible
Petty revenge on my friend during a long trip.
Try and cut in front of other customers? You won't get your winning numbers,
We're moving too slowly? No worries, the other customers and I will fast track it!
Petty Revenge on a 9th Grade English Teacher.
Shitty rich Room-mate gets owned.
Throw my sangria out? No drumstick for you!
Shitty Boss
April Showers
Father leaves angry voice mail message for daughter
Snow shoveling gone wrong
What am I making for dinner? I'll tell you what
You think I'm dumb? Okay, I'll play dumb.
Have fun waking up at 4.
New York Petty Revenge
Hid is AirPods in plain sight.
Childhood revenge on my big brother
Someone took my parking spot
Mmm Mmm Mmm Milk
The Recycling Fairy
Cat's revenge
Bitch kid gets what she deserved
Twitter was bounced from Wednesday's meeting between tech executives and President-elect Donald Trump in retribution for refusing to allow an emoji version of the hashtag #CrookedHillary.
School Bus
Act Racist? I'll Expose All Your Insecurities
Fast food has made me petty.
Ban me from a bar, let me take away business!
Pleasant Weather Driving Revenge
At least some part of me is going to get a treat today
Take my iPad and Phone away? Listen to Thomas the tank engine ear rape from my computer.
Pls help
You want to torment me while I work on a project? I think you’ll have more fun playing with the BIOS.
So this guy posted in a t-shirt design subreddit i'm a part of....
Sure we can have a meeting tomorrow, I just won't be there...
Have a taste of your own medicine
Know-it-all prick knows everything except how to get his precious towel back
Grab a hold of my man tit? Enjoy a night in prison!
A pushy homeless person annoyed me walking home so I bought a Megaladon Shark Card in GTA Online just because I could.
you shouldn't have left all work to me
That time I stopped using dishes
Buying clothes and getting judged
I just bombed our previous dog walkers on every review site I can find their name on
How I made an entire classroom fail a quiz.
Prison fun
Make adults sign out if they want to leave the base?
I got rid of a flirty, beautiful high school friend problem.
Oh you're hiding garbage in my crawlspace under my bedroom?
The Little Manager-In-Training that Could
Co-workers and Junk food are the worst
Challenge me in poker? I shave your ass BALD.
I accidentally got revenge on my cat.
Breaking Bitchytits
Fine. Keep my seat.
You're gonna tailgate me with your brights on? (5:30 AM)
Enjoy warm drinks for a week!
Neighbour drops rubbish and cigarette butts over our fence sometimes, so I dropped an untied dog poo bag in their bin.
Down-value my dream home? Then I'm voting against all of your board's recommendations.
Suitemates throw parties in their dorm at 2AM on weeknights, roommate and I wake them up at 8:00AM when we go to class.
Advice for deserved punishment of sexual harassment/rape for attacker
Posted this in r/choosing beggars. But thought it suited this page better.
How can I sabotage my shitty passive aggressive sociopath roommates'computer?
You've Got Some Food in Your Salt There.
Sister didn't like the work done and had to do it all over again!!!
Call my dog ill-mannered? Have a taste of your own medicine.
get me in suspended that's not the last of it
Get exwife's dream car after defaulting on a loan
Woman being rude and pushy at self-service checkout
There's multiple fountains you midget
Gas Satation Karen get the Reverse
Getting back at him
All in good fun.
Sending 2 girls 1 cup to ScammersA year of revenge on my annoying neighbors..
Berate me at work? Take that bitch!!
Classmates won't help with the assignment? Win a pickle.
be careful who you make fun of in foreign langues.
Party without me? Enjoy my response
Loud neighbors don't understand petty revenge, and end up calling the cops on themselves.
This coffee won't taste as nice
I helped my roommate move her things.
Snitch on me for no reason? Enjoy not sitting with your friends anymore!
I get my revenge on Burger King, and a drunk dude gets off easy.
I am the asshole
Thanksgiving more like revenge giving.
Sideswipe me and imply it's my fault? My camera says otherwise.
It was definitely worth missing lunch for.
Looking for ideas on how to get revenge on neighbors
Random internet girl acted like a bitch; her shitty character was then exposed to her friends/family/acquaintances
Think before you act
Gloaty Mc.Gloaster got hit with her own words
Professor has many petty rules and is overall rude, provoking outrage from 20 petty students.
Little revenge on stealing customer
Cover teacher takes support slime off mentality ill student.
Taxi driver gets ripped off, but then gets revenge!
Not revenge but petty all the same.
Cut in front of my in line? Thanks for the MONEY!
Great revenge on a shitty neighbor
This is more than petty revenge...
Pettiest of all petty revenges
An intern knowing better than a mechanic? Wanna bet?...
Keep talking, and get belted.
Literally Petty (or Penny) Revenge
He soiled his chance with me, but he also soiled his underwear.
Karma and I tag teaming robotics team
Vape in the bathroom? Enjoy getting busted
Wrong email address
Oh. You're missing the shit you didn't put away? How terrible.
You don't have a bag to pick up your dogs shit? I do!
So you park too close to my car?
Teenage Girls at the Grocery Store
Threaten me? How much do you value your job?
Unfinished Story
Laundry room asshole
Make me eat a blue shell? Enjoy eating my fart!
Freshman Dorm Revenge
I think I was the victim of petty revenge
What is something that someone said to you in passing, not intending to be rude, that really wounded you?
Don't grab my drunk ass at the bar
"Why do I get all the annoying customers?!"
Tests Are For You To Take, Not Copy
Can he do that? He can't do that. Can he?
Guy runs a red light and almost hits me!
Hit me with a water gun? Two can play at that game.
Sanity is a relative term anyways
A little down-home petty revenge.
Blame me for your bed bugs and I will charge you $1500 more!
Want me to speed up? Sure!
The best, almost untraceable revenge method I have heard of.
Arrogant dick gets revenged!
If you don’t want to leash your bitch, I will just let nature follow its course.
I paid $5 to ruin someone's expensive outfit!
im gonna give this bitch covid
Instant karma strikes a girl at Chick-Fil-A.
Maybe if you’d helped in the first place...
Neighbor gets covered in his own pee
Hi, can I ask what internet provider you currently subscribe to?
Movie theater jerks
Professor tries to coerce girls into having aex with him, so we ruined his first day at school
Have a pallet collapse on you when you refused to help me? Not my problem
Victory tastes sweet
Waking me up with your carelessness is a great way to earn my pettiness
Using me for a shortcut? Have fun getting out of a sea of thorns!
told you not to drag me into your drama
Got the man who gave me PTSD sacked and he left the country
I said he wasn’t ready. He said he was.
I warn a person to stop violating a rule, she ping the moderator, saying that I'm violating a rule and got kicked out
I walk where I want!
Scam callers get screeching sounds
Rush me in a public bathroom? Have fun cleaning up the toilet
Exotic animal trainer neighbor couldn't keep his animals contained
Sure, don't clean up after yourself...
I Ruin Another Party ... Intentionally This Time
XMAS Gift: Guitar Store Manager Gets Instant Karma
Owe me $ and act like a dick? Enjoy a bunch of people showing up for a garage sale.
Go ahead, you can tailgate me all you want.
Xenophobic scammer travel agent got bad reputation from foreigners.
She had a flat tire
Brand new toothpaste
My roommate has taken to sleeping in on the couch lately...
I tweeted her Sorority's ritual secrets
Fuck me out of 70 dollars will you?
Tell on me for something we did together? Time for a yeast infection.
Two Shy Poopers Meet in a Loo
Almost hit me with your car? I'll pretend to damage it
My mother having s*x while I'm awake
Don't throw your stuff at me.
Reckless driving in a company van!
The downsides of living in a building with one shared washer/dryer
Bus driver ignores stop signal. Justice must be served.
How I made a slobby roommate do her part by weaponizing social media
The time my mom kidnapped and married a guy to piss off his ex-wife.
Park in a non-parking spot and blow me off when I tell you to move? I'll pop a cap...
Aggressive tailgating assholes annoy me.  Finally snapped.
Gays are gross?... ok I got you!
Spam this
My high school teacher had an hour of his life wasted
Leave 2 weeks of sh*t in my toilet, enjoy being cold.
Ghost me? That'll cost you your next job.
Sorry, but you have to have a card get in.
Your standard parking lot scenario, during Christmas.
Stop repeating what I say
Don't steal my yoshi
Make me have to do classes under sunlight for 3 months straight? Enjoy doing the same... BUT IN SUMMER
You Gonna Help or Not?
Can't be curious and patient, HAHA now you wait for me.
Why is it impossible to post on this sub???
My little revenge
My day at the bus stop.
Women got angry at me when I tried to resolve a situation, I got extremely petty next time she came in.
You don't want to share? Have fun missing out on extra treats!
Teacher your job is to teach not make everyone hate you
I'm a barista and when customers are rude to me, I burn their milk on purpose.
A Catfish Story
Well, now I'm not moving
Revenge for my transphobic disgusting stalker?
He went through my private drawers and stole all my clothes? I need revenge then.
You want your money back? You got it.
I messed with my group in a group project
Neighbor keeps blasting subwoofer? Probably shouldn’t keep the speaker discoverable on Bluetooth.
Get your own ice
Turned my sad situation on douche co-worker
Player targets me and trash-talks me, so I give him a taste of his own
Take up three parking spots. Not on our watch.
서울오피BAMWAR 1 0 점 COMㅣ▷ 밤의전쟁 ◁ㅣ동탄오피／／라인#군자오피
texting in the cinema during the movie? have some passive aggressive revenge..
Be a racist jerk? Fuck your plants.
Rude To Me? Reap The Whirlwind!
Got fired by a not-so-great boss, so I outed their shady behavior
entitled kid punches me so i get revenge
Toilet paper revenge
Deleted Step-Son Minecraft world.
Stop in your tracks while I'm right behind you, eh? Try THIS on for size.
About to fire me? How about I turn you into a loyal client to my brand new startup instead.
Why couldn't he get his own lube? (NSFW)
Not a story but need some advice/ your thoughts
Teacher harasses me and thinks she'll get away with it,guess she won't be a teacher ever again
Invade my home? Enjoy getting peed on.
Mate tried to mess with my toothbrush...
Boss fucked with me and my dad so we made him pay 400€ on purpose
Absolutely brilliant petty revenge invented by a friend of mine.
Teacher Broke My PC For A Bible Study Class
Gonna shove and elbow us out of the way? Fine.
My petty but incredibly sweet revenge against the guy that ruined season 3 (The Red Wedding) of Game of Thrones for me
Wait your turn OUTSIDE the court, or you might cause some interference
How to deal with unruly baby cousins
Should not have tried to pass me in line lady
An Eye for an... everything
spoil my show...?
Kid Poisons another Student
Hey, friends can you help me out.
So my brother stepped on a lizard....
A little bit of Christmas petty for my boyfriend's stepmom!
Operatic Revenge
Pissing on the seat, more like pissing on your shorts.
Cheating douchebag learns a lesson
Waste the Fire Department's time - My new permit lasts until dark.
Going to berate and disrespect me and my co-workers? Janitors are far more resourceful and petty than you think.
Of course you can use my earphones...
Help this family defend against and counter-sue their ultra-authoritarian, discriminatory, undemocratic and environmentally-destructive HOA!: https://www.gofundme.com/No-Mow-No-Water-Yard-vs-HOA-Lawsuit
Stoplight shenanigans? I'll teach you a lesson...
I ate my roomates frozen thinmints
Have a great day at work honey...
Candy Crush Revenge
Write on my hoody? I'll freeze up your phone.
i’ll make sure you never get a date again
A boy and his camera
Never acknowledge my greetings? Enjoy your all-one-colour tulips.
I guess everyone got one but you.
Yu-gi-oh card thief
Bag of trouble. (r/pettyrevenge)
I had sexual intercourse with your mother.
Don't put your food in my plate
Don't Tip All Week and Repeatedly Insult Me? Have Fun Trying to Leave!
Bully me on the road? I'll make you feel really guilty.
How my dad solved our telemarketer problem.
Did you know Glitter Bombs are a thing?
A girl I used to like who rejected me has been gaining weightGood luck getting a job.
Brake checking fun
keep me up with all your loud partying, i’ll take the cutlery tray
Let the crazies live together and figure it out
Atlantic City bus revenge
Teabagging a bad driver (safe for work!)
Enjoy eternal shits, litle sister
I gave my brother laxatives before a flight to Spain
UPDATE: Neighbor trespassed and was biten...crap has gone off the rails!! Pitchforks! Fences!! Lawyers! Oh my!Petty revenge advice?
Apes together strong
You are going to intentionally break the rules of paintball? I will destroy your property.
Being a bitch? Get's itchy!!
Email revenge..
I hate my roommate so each month I secretly get my silent revenge.
Hope blue looks good on you
Best friend spoils Harry Potter series, so I spend some time with his dog to teach him a lesson.
How I gave my roommate strep
I threw those ugly signs away
"Don't tell me what to do!"
Some petty revenge on my antivax aunt
sexist driver crashes his car.
Hope you like your speeding ticket, douche.
Act like a chump? I'll make you look like one
Submit a BS DCMA takedown notice to bully a blogger? I'll buy your competitor's product. That I never really wanted.
Getting petty revenge on a rude customer at work
Dont fuck over my grandpa
Tossing money
This subreddit should be renamed r/TodayIwasAnAsshole
Angry, Alcoholic College Roommate
After 23 years of mistreatment, Mom uses Grandmother’s sari petticoats as guinea pig bedding
Act rude to me, I'm not letting you in.
Oh, you wanna make me feel like crap for doing what I said I was going to do? Get ready to feel completely horrible.
Steal my sale and fuck with my commission? I'll fuck with your department goal!
Throw your hat around on the bus? Good luck finding it! (Very short)
how to make someone just about crap them self
I recruited a gang to beat up my elementary school bully
Petty revenge on a small business owner
That Near-Pointless Revenge That Makes You Feel BetterGot what she deserved
A-hole Ex-Boyfriend refuses to give back my things, I give him something in return.
Don’t like my offer to pay for half the cost of a new stove? That will cost you.
The Shit Handle
Victory smells like popcorn.
I baked muffins for my least favourite teacher
So time changed tonight.
Unicorns and Happiness
Call me a horrible person? I will make it so
I take my cat for a walk
A personal favorite technique
Well I'm bothering you now
Girls learning football from a patronizing fellow student, managed to shut him up for a while.
Moocher
Don't blast your music all night or else
Don't rush me.
I didn't know being an usurper could feel so good.
Me and the boys got some sweet YOKEtory on a cheating girlfriend
Hipster harasses me. We make him cry.
Petty Pecan Revenge
Sleezebag trying to lowball me on my equipment's cost
Turns out I don't need your letter of recommendation
Subscribed
I got petty revenge through mere friendly conversation
Shitty Night Club Revenge
Friend hid my shoes, I foiled his entire apartment while he was on vacation.
To the lady that stole my phone
What to steal my new garbage bins ? Get ready to lose yours!
If you don't give me my ticket, I won't give you yours.
Hat revenge against the school bully
Made a shitty driver think he ran over my foot right before he speed of
Equal rights for everyone!
It's the thought that counts
So much for being neighborly
Grandpa’s saran-wrapped surprise sandwich
Soul Sacrifice revengeHelp me get my petty revenge?
Need a tissue?
Screw You, Prank Caller!
Don't bump me.
Blame me for your shoplifting? I don’t think so.
You Degraded And Controled Me. Now, Reveal Your Darkest Secret.
My predator and abuser called me crazy on Reddit and I accidentally made him delete his account
a lifetime of fear
Steal my parking spot, enjoy walking!
Best way to get revenge on a former housemate?
Want to use your brights and tailgate me? That’s totally fine.
Maid of Honor from hell
Cheated on me? You will suffer.
University student gets revenge on his shitty RA
My first taste of redneck revenge
Unhappy Wedding Photos
Let’s just be annoying I guess
You annoyed me all night? You don't get to leave
NarcoPath, Your Karma will be a INFJ protecting her family.
Try to scam my mom and I will ruin your day.
Mess with my approved vacation from a year ago?
Rude customers get there car towed
music in class revenge
I Informed Our Landlord About Non-Leased Tenants To Screw Ex Over
Who is your real friend
Shoe Stalling
Chavs on the Cambridge Express from Cambridge Cambridgeshire U.K.(not MASS) to Kings cross st. Pancras
Yiggity yee, annoy me? Yiggity yoo, I
Fellowship of the Revenge
My neighbour kept complaining about the noise in my flat
Treat me like crap when I'm doing you a huge favour? Enjoy your pixelated poster!
Who knew stools were a big deal?
He caught mono from a tinder date; I spread the word.
Cut me off? Enjoy my sleep deprived toddler
Won't Repair Your Sidewalk and Claim Responsibility? Have Fun With Code Enforcement!
Bully gets owned after me training in kickboxing for over 6 months.
Cousin doesn't want free earbuds, gets automotive lesson instead.
They call me Rick James because I'm cold blooded.
Fuck to the ex-boyfriend who thinks he broke up with me.
7 years on, karma is still a bitch.
My roommate is a cold bitch, seeking passive-aggressive revenge but I am sadly unoriginal. That's why god invented the internets and you wonderful bastards.
Family kept embarrassing me by buying me the child's admission...
Don't like my paper? Fail the assignment then.
Threw away my brothers $200 Nike shoes, and hid the tv remotes from him
Classmate tries to screw with me. Gets put on report.
My Neighbor Called the Cops on Me for a Noise Complaint After My Team Won the Super Bowl. I Told Her Boyfriend About Her Other Boyfriend.
Gym revenge foiled :(
You try steal my logs I steal from you and arrest you!
My SO kept laughing through a film I was really enjoying
Cool
Plotted to get my 1 year old brother in trouble.
Keep me awake, get my lurgies
When a sales company wont stop calling and pretends to be phone bots.
Lying about heart problems?
My Hit-bunny
I can't hear you over the sound of my bacon
I regularly get petty revenge on kids who try to sneak in to R rated movies.
Fake goody two shoes exwife revenge. Kinda long and disjointed.
Fishy Revenge...
My friend is brilliant. He has a wingnut employer who runs his business like a tyrant. He's taken to teaching him quotes from famous dictators.
neighbor from hell
Not putting up with that garbage
Brothers girlfriend
Charge me for something I didn't order? That's ok, I'll manage to get my refund then buy the same thing elsewhere, for more.
I was five years old...
Bully me and my friends? I'll slap you in front of a teacher
Cheating ex and his friends
Since graduation, I've been unfriending people who were dicks to me when I get the notification that it's their birthday
Throw rocks at me? You're a brony now.
Humiliate and spread fake news about my friend and upset my best friend in front of everyone? Bad idea
The time I smashed my own pottery to fail a class mate
Stolen parking space leads to very long wait for offender.
Out of area
She didn’t think my tractor was sexy
Are you serious?!?
Ex Tried to Make Things Hard, So I Made Things Even Harder
Refuse to walk 5 steps? No discount for you.
Krabby Patties for a Crabby Patty
Use al the hot water, enjoy watching only 90% of your movies.
The Queen of Escalation
I'm one of those assholes.
I Will Sink To Your Level
Cut in front of me in line? I choose your drink.
Hdsiab
Loner in the Carpool Lane
I need your help petty revenge.
Slut messes with the wrong guy
Kid gets what’s coming to him
Won't let us play? You just messed with the wrong nerds.
A little surprise in your school diary
I Made my teacher cry
Coordinator in school downgraded me because he felt entitled to do so.
The teacher got her karma.
Criticized for not having a pen, fixed the issue permanently.
Idiot gets banned on Xbox for cussing
Never screw over your property manager then ask for favors.
Tailgate me, I think not.
The bubblebath is not just for you two!
Learn to park, or we will, er, show you how to
Revenge on the Police for Botched SWAT raid on my home
Don't do anything but mess around all school year? Then I'm not helping you on your team test.
Petty-strike
Schoolgirl Revenge in the Underground
Passive Aggression for the win
Be a complete bitch to me for no reason? That's cool, here let's just waste a bunch of your time first thing in the morning, every day for the rest of the time I work here.
Getting Even With A Guy Who Threw His Drink In My Face and Stole My Phone
Client loses her mind trying to make me lose mine.
Girlfriend was a bitch. Disrupted her show
Be a loud neighbor? Get beaned.
A horrible neighbor gets a taste of pettiness.
Deny my work expenses??
How I Tainted My Horrible Bosses Phone
Ask for help in class then insult my working code? Let me know when you "find the bug."
Kid breaks my drum set so break his iPad
Have me sort your papers? No way, LT
Poop on the floor? No yogurt for you.
My Way of Sticking It To The Old Job
Neighbor got pissy and it wasn't even my car...
Don't be this guy.
The elevator door has a really long delay, too
Disneyland Driver Revenge
I startled someone who reclined their seat into my knees during takeoff.
NSFW Late to a shitty job, brother to a snarky sister. And I will have my vengeance in this week or the next.
Collective pizza revenge.
This story is one of many from my younger days...
Enjoy your new shopping cart.
Treat us like shit? Say bye to your job!
I have no idea where your tobacco is
Don’t have anything nice to say? WRITE IT.
Revenge for petty revenge (followup on "ill teach him to scare the living s*** out of me"
Failed Revenge on Mom's Meandering Voice Mails
Neighbor won’t clean dog poop off of sidewalk, got a taste of his own medicine.
We'll be right back to that Telemarketer after this commercial break....
Wreck my store will ya, hope your kid still wears diapers
Mean old hag makes my work life suck but I get the last laugh.
Wont turn the light off? That's fine, I'll just go to bed.
My religion is none of your business
Show up over an hour late for a family event and I'll convince your kid we live in the Matrix
Don't eat my things *cough* *cough*
Don’t TEST my pettiness
Need ideas for horrible roommates
Ghost me? I’ll make it awkward
Jehovah witness coming to my door on my birthday? Coincidence.
Bringing justice upon the line cutter!
What comes around goes around
This bitch obtained and shared my nudes without my consent.
A little help with Petty Revenge
Fish and friends
"Never Again"' part two: electric boogaloo
Cutting a line full of children? I'm ruining your photos
Spread nasty rumors about me? Enjoy your song...
I like my fridge running thanks.
A few stories from my time working at a supermarket
karen vs. Karen in the library.
My coat hanger is mine, thank you very much
I hid all of my sister's things when she refused to help clean
Drive like an asshole and cut me off for no reason in a construction zone? Hope I scared you.
okay here is the story of how i got my bully bullied
SHE SLEPT WITH WHO???
Cut me off and then flip me off? Fuck you and your Tesla
Fun with the (ex)wife
Annoyed by my yard?
Be a bitch here you get a pickle
Nobody will control my stapling.
Blowout my ear drums? Enjoy staring into the sun.
Steal over $200 worth of items from me? Enjoy an inconvinent summer
Third Time's the Charm
A lawyer's petty revenge on annoying neighbours
Was told you guys might like this! (x-post from r/Talesfromyourserver)
My roommate used all the toilet paper and didn’t even at least text me to let me know
You're Welcome!*
No talking in the living room? Enjoy listening to ice in the disposal!
I got revenge on my friends that were mean to me
Call the cops on me? Enjoy sleeping in your car
Ex best friend is now paying 7.99 a month without realizing it
I hate him for being and ass and a hypocrite
I purposely turning my sprinklers on and drenched my neighbour
my revenge story
Made a bad manager's workload harder while making mine easier.
Entitled Sister Won't stop using MY account
Video vs Video Game: The Showdown
Dude with enormous rucksack gets comeuppance..
Hope you don't mind, but I buffed your door handle with my butt.
Revenge on a coworker.
Don't eat other people's sandwiches
Cheated on while battling cancer, revenge?
I sometimes overcharge rude customers.
I let someone cut in front of me in traffic to irritate the asshole behind me
pffft exist they don't exist
Saving my school from the gang of bullies
Park over the line? Take a lap.
Have fun doing your research
This happened a few weeks ago and I find it pretty petty
Polemical Commentary on the social and the esoteric
Steal my money I'll steal your exam
That time I kicked a home owner out of his home.. a Sparkies Tale
Your horn is broken...
More gas than you paid forSlow buildup, sharp revenge on an asshole at work.
Lunch Revenge
Want to be rude about sharing a driveway? Have fun backing down your steep side...
Interfer with him, he'll go out out of his way
Desperately need revenge ideas for an office coworker.
Don't be a dick to the people who handle your food!
You wanna spit on me? Ok
Enjoy inflicting pain? Enjoy getting some.
You know we aren't part of America, right? Boss does a zinger to customer.
don't slap me.
Play a video super loud on a bus at night time? We'll see about that
A Thanksgiving Tale
Make me walk a mile in the rain? Don’t mind me while I get you fired from your job.
I need help with a revenge that I don’t know if I should do
Scare me at night? I'll terrorize you at night. (Reupload)
Now all my data is going to be read and stored I find it is most satisfying to be as long winded as possible in everything I write.
A skipper gets justice
Sandwich Thief
The "Clerical error" ;)
Take my seat? Enjoy getting up every 30 minutes
Ok I’m not sure if this belongs here and sorry if it doesn’t but I need ideas
this tool tried to sell me a sick dog so i got back with memes lol
He saw the lane closed just like everyone else
Toilet paper roll
Dick wiggler gets unwanted spotlight
Don't eat the chocolates.
petty revenge: hangover poo edition.
Take up half of my seat, expect me to sleep on you
The title would spoil it
Should I do anything to get revenge on my HS bully?
I'm a monster but she deserves it.
Tall jerks at a concert.
Wife is divorcing me so I gave her more laundry to do
Racist Russian dealt petty fiery revenge
I ruined your maple syrup, while I drank your vodka and then replaced it with water.
Shady employers get what they deserve in the end.
Lady shown up in front of her friends at the movies
How should I get revenge on my neighbors?
Think you can mess with me? I'll get your laptop confiscated and wifi cut off
Waste of intelligence?
My girlfriend works with a woman who's husband is cheating on her. She gets her revenge in ways like making meatloaf out of dog food. (More stories inside) He is going on a "business trip" with one of these women. What are some ideas for helping her get revenge?
(http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/19lwt2/reddit_whats_the_most_passiveaggressive_thing_you/)
Never Live with Friends
My dog gets revenge on my dad
Cinema employees went through our stuff, we fired their manager!
Break up on a Dare, Get rejected on your own rules.
My Traffic Jam Hero
Tell me again how the contract I have stating my (elevated) position isn’t accurate...
Scumbag Math Teacher
Trying fuck me , uno reverse card
Break my controller, I break your game
Revenge on the teacher who made me run an extra lap of the oval
Noisy Pizza Delivery Guy
Spoon revenge
My ex best friend threat me over money
Revenge is a drink best served hot.
If my roommate wants to act like a child, then he shall be treated like one
I am slowly driving my terrible housemate insane by turning off the hall lights
Pretended to be a customer to complain on coworkers when they refused to take my constructive to be criticism well and harassing me back (blue collar, seniority driven job)
Netflix Fresh Accounts
Make me miss my lunch break? Prepare for months of detention.
Are you seriously going to give me a fine because my wooden shed is the color of wood?
Woman berated me for asking what she wanted to drink with her meal
Very petty revenge on a store with bad/no service
Rocky Revenge
Shoe Department Revenge
Fake Friend gets caught for talking behind my back
Take my seat and tell me off for not being seated? Then give it back.
Sorority Girl gets well deserved parking revenge
You cut me off, I’ll cut you off
In the end, I was the "Giant" to never be picked on.
Let's see if you like waiting out in the snow
FUcc your summer vacation asshole
Welcome to your free trial of your own medicine.
Drive like a jerk and splatter me with wiper fluid? Enjoy getting it back.
On the do not call list, but kept getting a telemarketer call for “a free cruise” so I pretended to have phone sex with him to get blocked
She ruined my ONE chance to sleep in, so I taught her a hard lesson about shared walls.
Be a dick at a crowded concert? Whoops, there goes your beer!
Bitchy car lady
Girlfriend said she wants a break, sleeps with guy immediately.
Watch me play video games while you pay for it.
I just wished everyone in my snapchat contacts a happy new year apart from my ex.
Oh, you weren't finished with your cup? I didn't notice...
Need suggestions on what to do with a Class-A douche.
NERFing friends mom for multiple accounts
I’m hiding toilet paper in my room.
Make me pee my pants...I’ll go when ever I want to now!
Make a bunch of phone calls while I'm trying to watch the NBA Finals? I got you...
Two Cheaters
minor road justice
Tipping a poor-service, sob-story waitress.
Put your cell on speakerphone in public? Enjoy my noisy children.
Treat my best friend poorly, and I will deflate your massive ego
Band Instructor Threatens to Hit Student, Gets Fired
Nope, I didn't.
So you want to copy my notes?
Trash man
Advice on how to deal with bitchy neighbours downstairs?
A bit of upvote pettiness
Don't like lawn signs? Enjoy window signs!
Don't let your keys stick in the door.
Horrific Teacher Bullies Entire Class, Including a Disabled Student, And Pays For it by Giving Out Free Milkshakes to All Students!
Looking for help? Dont be a douche
You want to abuse my friend for being gay? Let's see how your friends react when YOU come out of the closet.
Boyfriend belittles beauty before bitterly baking
Shit on his car hood
guy cyberbullies me for a year with his friends? I find where you live
Petty revenge from the 17th century
Don't Argue. I called it.
Keep me up all night? Enjoy your day off without internet!
I brought in decaf coffee
You sat next to the wrong nerd.
I'd like a HONK with a side of HONK and a HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONK to drink
the pettiest of them all
Petty revenge on children
I let him pee on it (x-post from confession)
Don’t insult the chickens.
Need proof I missed your class to go to a funeral, I'll give you proof.
Hope you like your instant message notifications at 70 decibles
Pizza place sends their employee's to sneak into our hotel (posing as guests who "forgot their room key" to other guests to get inside) then place flyers under the doors of all of our rooms.
Lawyer's petty revenge, part 3
Bring home a different girl every week? I don't want you to miss out on the final result.
Just doing what i can...
Don't like my music? Sure, I'll change it!
Rude and aggressive recruiter loses commission
friends spammed my phone in academic detention (lunch detention)
Wrong number, bro.
I used a cocky asshole’s war weapon against him
High school...
My ex-girlfriend tried to trashtalk me on social media after our breakup. I decided to write about her cheatin' ass.
Drop me as a friend will you!
they ruined my life. my depression will ruin theirs. CPS AND COPS
Chicago snow showdown
My neighbours are cunts and have older children.. So I changed my wifi name..
Toothbrush Cleaner
Let's all waste a pot of coffee.
Petty TP
Going too far?
Honk at me? I'll make you be nice.
How to properly deal with Karen's at Starbucks
Just got a letter from osha!
GF and I split after 8 years.
I need ideas for revenge on my coworkers.
Drunk neighbor loops anime DVD.... I flip shit, then flip the switch
Break my nose? Fine, pay for all the bills.
Step on my sandwich? Enjoy being thirsty.
Take photos of me and humiliate me? Don't expect me to give you a seat.
At an Air BNB and woken up by another guest.
Tailgate me? Better be extra careful!
Brother broke my keyboard, so I didn't save his
Roommate pays in toiletpaper
A Jew in a deli
Enjoy a half-cooled quesadilla you cretin
Multiple jobs ruined by my google review
You want to copy my answers even though we don't have the same version of the test? Sure go ahead. (x-post from r/maliciouscompliance)
Grandpa Sells Property Under Lady's Nose
Took a few things from a transphobe
Hello again, tenant!
Video Game Store's Trash into Treasure: A Rewarding Story of Being Fired
I'm bad at making titles
Fuck your poop schedule
Assume I don't study? Good luck on your next group project.
Swimming pool revenge
Fail to deliver my letter? I'll deliver hourly emails to your inbox
It may have taken years, but I got my revenge.
I got a kid in trouble
MMORPG secret revenge
Loud music? Hear my fan!
My Boyfriends is a asshole! Help me get even? xo
I made my mom spend 100 dollars when she wanted to spend 10
A petty titleDunkin Dounuts Revenge
You're crazy and a threat to the students - - - No, you're religious!
Don't fuck with me, obituary guy
Steal my 15 seconds of fame? Lose a prized possession.
Sometimes being right is the best revenge of all
I think I'm in the right place..
Karma for an Impatient KarenNever let your employer hold your first check.......
You take something irreplaceable from me, and have the nerve to tell me that I need Jesus. You should listen to your own advice pervert.
No this is my handicap spot
Waste my time? I'll waste yours 6x more
Boarding school revenge
Hey man, you'll just have to wait
1st graders vs. Bridezilla
This is a comment I saw on a post from user u/withoutprivacy. I’ve copied the comment word for word.
Just a causal day at the gym.... (repost)
Revenge is a dish best served spicy hot
Wasting a scammers time
Asshat the Property Manager
Cut in line? Enjoy rubbing up against me.
Don't be a dick if you work nights
Keep parking in my spot? We’ll block you in.
NOBODY LIKES CRUSTY FRIES!
He thought I wouldn't do anything
People were mean to me so I made them lose.
Bedazzled revenge
When a letter matters...
Gramps gives asshole a coffee carwash...
Know it all gets to know it a little too early
Bully Me? Say bye bye to Silverwood!
My rat got revenge for me or how a lady learned to mind her own business.
Petty delivery revenge
Revenge is best served cheesy.
Refuse us service, receive no tip.
"Don't try to out-bitch me. I have 20 years practice on you."
Be a creep and stalk me at the gym? I'll take you up on that!
Honk as I'm going? Fuck you.
The delivery driver was mean to my grandma.
I'm not "officer material," eh? Well, I guess you aren't either.
Enjoy your salty soup from Mother Nature
Dickhead neighbour tried to get a person fined for parking in front of his house on a clear street gets denied and fined
Screw me out of my ride home? I'll make sure you pay a bit more for yours
Can't comfort your toddler because you are an abusive Mother? Well, I'm old, pissy and have a trick up my sleeve.
Short and sweet.
Shrimpin' ain't easy.
Son of Mayor ruins my snack break, have fun with the principal!
Go on a homophobic rant in front of me? Guess whose craft supplies is gonna get used in the name of gay-ness.
Petty revenge on idiot in store
Wake me up by being loud and rude on a morning? Come back later to get paid, bastard.
Steal my glasses have fun without pokemon
Drive the wrong way? I have time
3 1/2 years worth of continued petty revenge
Me vs My racist Step mom and (sort of) racist Dad
Driver yells at me while I'm riding my bike.
Kid and his mom steal subway seat, I made kid lose his toy.
Unexpected KFC Delivery in his office
Eat my Pizzas, I brake your iPhone.
I dropped her classes
Get it right, “Pest”
He got what he deserved
Sometimes, you don't need words...
Sloppy Roomate Gets Slopped
Don't use our common hallway as your personal storage
Cheat in gaga revenge have fun with a swollen eye and a not so good reputation
Use my dishes and leave them dirty? Fine.
Don't tailgate and/or be a road rager or you might end up in an accident behind me.
Asshole bosses me around for the last time
Entitled woman is "Good at backing up"
Don't want to teach me how to drive in the car I'll get from you?
Theft Is Easily A Two Way Street
I once had a friend I would dog sit for.
Ex gf
Grumpy Grocery Grinch
Very petty and deserved
xpost from /r/nova - residents' action against HOA for removing doggy poop trash cans
I had an anti maskers customer at work.
Dominos pizza
Petty revenge on bfs grandma
New supervisor who can't do her job gets what's coming!
Cut in front of me old lady? Feel my wrath!
Shipped with a friend
Slumlords spend about 10K because they refused to fix a fire hazard
living well, hurting hard
This person spams the bell button at front desk like I'm a genie....
Subliminal Political Messages
I get that my lawn is a bit unkempt, but don't be a dick about it.
Kid tries to fight me and kicks my bike
Robert is a Douchebag
Snobby Girl Told Me To Do Laundry On My Own Floor... So I Did
Be a good neighbor
Keep pushing into me? You can wait a little longer.
A tale of heart break and revenge
(http://vt.co/news/weird/guy-spends-4000-on-a-giant-statue-to-give-his-entire-town-the-middle-finger?utm_source=vt&amp;utm_medium=junglecreations&amp;utm_campaign=post&amp;fbclid=IwAR1cg2uIDpDoXGWSc_CpK-szwadzohOhMqMmEa4Hz1NnEbMwPUa3-3wq2Bg)
Children my fence. Not anymore.
Passive-aggressive response to a crappy landlord
Eat my candy? I watch Walking Dead without you.
Tailgate me on a 25mph road through town? There's one way to handle this sort of thing...
Don't cut me off in front of my dad... we are both petty
Purely Petty Paper
Buzz me at 3am.....
Petty Rules Yields Petty Revenge
Request: How to get revenge on my sister and her boyfriend?
So office professionals are smarter than a guy in the warehouse....
My petty Taco Bell revenge
Checkout Aisle Revenge
Honking your horn won't make us turn faster.
Not changing the wrong number I told you? Enjoy being screwed with all the time!
Try to Intimidate my disabled neighbor? I'll make sure you get dropped by your sponsors.
A Douche who learnt not to ruin a night time thermal swim.
No Worries!
If you punch the beast, the beast will inevitably punch you back eventually.
Objectionable Olga and the clown incident (xpost from JNMIL)
Force me out of a lane and tailgate me? Enjoy your car wash.
Never get mad at your friend when he or she is in another group
Johnnie Walker Blue Label
Won't let me move? I'll return the favor
Excuse me you pushed in.
fast food call in requirements?
"I hope you won't continue talking throughout the movie."
Shut it you entitled loon
Ruining the social status of a popular girl for the name of mental health
We are not your barbies
You like eating my food? Enjoy the shaving cream.Want to prove you're faster? Go right ahead!
I'm just super passionate about sports
These are my snacks
The old man and the car wash.
Leave your dog locked in a tiny crate in the cold, get woken up at 3 am.
her down pillow
Petty Revenge against a high level player (World of Warcraft)
This isn't even that petty, but it makes me feel better so fuck it.
The Sling with a Sting
Chronicles of the housemate's ex
Lies will cost you!
Captain Petty reporting for duty sir
Roses are red, Violets are blue, you made fun of my fanfiction so I'll make fun of your writing too!
(online game) steal my hard to get wood? ill make your trip back home hell
You mess with my friend, you'll get shitty drinks forever
Disturb my bathroom privacy? Enjoy your visit...
Take that, Ref!
Getting (somewhat) even on cheating husband &amp; twin sister
Bathroom etiquette
Try to get my husband fired for calling you out? Work the worst job in the factory!
Steal from me? I'll take back my yard, thanks
Old Farts know how to work together for a common goal...
Enjoy the sugar
Creepy DJ gets his comeuppance
Professor, do your job or I **will** make you look like an idiot.
A crazy guy in a convertible endangered the lives of my father, his supervisor and their passengers, Let's just say they were quickly "Flushed away"
Sharing the phone bill with siblings
Well-aged revenge
Guess You Weren't Quick Enough
Am I going crazy?
My Ex Destroyed my expensive hoodies this is what I did....
food rule 3 and food rule 4
Brave fight-stopper "accidentally" gets boogers on nasty coworker
I did not get to choose the volume.
Don't let us play D&amp;D. Ok.
Getting back for not asking first
You insult my crew and my food and expect food? No way.
Cousin blames me for him missing the bus, so the next day I don’t wake him up and he misses it again.
2 Incidents with a little Danny DeVito clone
Crowd me in line? Enjoy the tune!
Someone I know nagged me for a job &amp; screwed me about, so I gave him some exercise.
Fuck you, your girlfriend, and Elmo.
Welcome to the Hotel Forgetonia
Definitions of all revenge subreddits
Wakey wakey, assholes!
Call support pettiness for lazy end users
"Enjoy the Show"
Don't pay fine have fun in court
Harass my gf, enjoy **** on your face
Grocery shopping with the roommates.
I just reported my sister’s semi-abusive boyfriend to my local sheriff for driving his motorcycle while unregistered/no tags!
Have a very mute Christmas
Oh, you're still too busy to take out the trash?
need help for some petty revenge
Understaff me? Good luck meeting your deadline!
"Justice" is served
Late to lose my virginity.
Made a fuss over nothing? Get even less.
Getting back at a vocational school teacher...
You ruin my day, I'll ruin your night.
Don't stop, get a thop
Dryer theif
Oh, rush to cut me off in the grocery store checkout line, will you?
You're gonna give me an attitude? I hope you taste the hate.
I found out on the same night who I called 'friends' were talking shit about me behind my back, they stole money from me and I'm almost sure they mistreated my cat. We went on a trip to the United States and after grabbing their passports and IDs, I returned to Mexico without those idiots.
Pull the plug without asking? Enjoy untangling your stuff with your long fake nails while in a hurry.
They laid me off so I poached their best employee
Wrongly belittle me behind my back? Enjoy my revenge!
Be nice to your students
Revenge is best served burnt...
“Its my decision!”
Chew me out because YOU'RE late? I hope you're patient!
Push me out of the way to get your notes?? Have fun redoing your research paper
My boss's petty revenge
Revenge is a dish best served with glitter.
Please stop turning the lights off in the locker room.
So I'm wasting my life but you are with that attitude of yours?
Don't be annoying at the movies, just don't do it!
4 months of blissfull silence, two months of non stop reggaeton
What to do to a pathological two faced lying cunt
I might’ve ruined someone’s day.....HeLp
Kid steals my seat so pull a uno reverse card.
I hope your intestines can take a detour
Be creepy and lazy at work, we'll get you fired.
The best revenge is thriving
Another (very petty) toilet paper revenge
A carhop's petty revenge
Boss yelled at me for something he did!
Citizen of Malta gets petty revenge on road raging U.S. Embassy employee
I'm walkin' here!Gloriously petty revenge on a racist roommate
Grilled cheese
Not Very Neighborly
You want me to do the presentation well goodluck
My ex bitched at me over 4$ and I never want to talk to her agian
I gave a bag of coins as change to a rude customer who insulted me because I look too young to be a store manager.
How do I get revenge with just a phone number?
Want the house? Best pay for it then.
No Parking means "NO PARKING!"
Try to force my car into flooding? Guess you'll be waiting.
Trash talking kid
enjoy the diarrhea
You wanna keep picking on me? okay, I'll just take up martial arts
Park on a rentable parking spot for free? Well I live here now.
Steal our leftover pizza, will you?
Take our napkins? Suffer!
You should not park there.
Landlord is a wet napkin. I'm moving out. Give me juicy revenge ideas.
we started a revolution against our manipulative “friend”
You hurt me. Now i begin to learn to stand up for myself
Too Lazy to Shovel a Space Out for Yourself?
scammed a boy who wouldn’t stop bothering me about nudes
Marine gets revenge on an annoying colonel.
Leave me and you’re stuff behind, have all your games deleted
Bitchy teacher meets petty student
Using my custon green paint? Have fun mixing it by yourself!
petty revenge to my shitty mum
Enjoy your daily Bible verses
My bully in primary school gets betrayed in year 3
Scare the pigeons? Get scared like a pigeon.
UPDATE to "I waited six months to get the last word....."
Don't complain about a HUGE tip!
Realtor Revenge
You cut me in line? Prepare for a barrage of farts.
Talk loudly outside my office about how you hate “illegal aliens”? Prepare yourself for an hours worth of Selena at top volume.
A University Teacher crosses the wrong student
What's in a name
Be Polite
A lot of people on this subject are assholes
France objects to Belgium printing a 2 Euro coin commemorating French defeat at Waterloo.... So Belgium prints it on a 2.50 Euro coin.
A fund raiser haggler gets put in their place.
When being petty actually rewards you
Don't eat my food without asking
Write me up? Ok then. Have it your way
Make my work life hell, I'll make you quit. (L)
Church is rude, so I kicked all their dandelions.
Quit coming in late.
The Fridge Fiasco
Tailgate me for ten minutes then try to pass me to school? I don't think so.
Revenge on a guy who ghosted my friend?
Kid is obnoxious the entire bus ride, has to walk a long block to get home
wanna steal my money, nomore internet.
Never go to a bar with only 1 toilet.
Got my sister's creepy incel stalker kicked from all of his online accounts and his favorite internet hang-outs
Don't want me to change your utilities? Go without!
Enjoy Internet purgatory
Petty sales revenge
Move my car
The nurses petty revenge army
Advice on how to subtly fuck with my neighbor
Send money for long lost inheritance! I’m in!
No help for curmudgeonly shrews
Charged extra $0.50 &amp; no napkins
A Servers Petty Revenge Wet Dream
Ruin the movie, my buddy will ruin your social life.
Fist full of poop
Brothers
My dad and the parking lot war
Got sick of seeing ignorant bullshit pop up on my newsfeed from this person, so I decided to educate them.
Petty revenge ideas for my landlord?
Petty revenge on a bookstore boss
Dad stole my chocolates
Tailgate me at 75mph will you?
Roommates Revenge
Buy me cheap food?
A quick &amp; simple way I deal with my neighbors who don't clean up after their dogs.
I will throw something bigger back if you do it again
Was let go with ZERO notice at work today, enjoy cleanin up and sorting cigarettes for all of 3 minutes.
Entitled Brat gets a little surprise
Colleagues kept leaving documents at my desk without identification, so I threw them away as trash.
"Find another fucking way to do it!"
Enjoy your watery drinks
First Day of school revenge.
Your new breast friendRacist customer shouldn't have came at my register.
Don't be a territorial d-bag of a roommate.
He called me a neck beard.
Had a random craving for M&amp;M's...and an annoying child's desire
Just another day...
How about I just shit in your boot!?
Latte, losers
FUCK ALL SHITTY PARENTS AND CHILDREN
Rude neighbors stealing my trash cans?
Glitter Bomb for Package Theif
Torque wrench dad savagery
He annoys me? I ignore his cancer.
How can i do this
Big Black Monster Cock for A Shitty Friend
Call me in class? That works both ways
If YOU have time to lean, then YOU have time to clean.
unintentional petty revenge at the atm
Going to be rude to a cashier? Have fun carrying your groceries
Mom yells at me all day, take my revenge
You want to see to see a movie? Too bad!
I confided in my coworker (GG) and she told everyone including my bosses
Really petty useless revenge
Teaching a lesson about parking to an asshole
douchebag almost runs my daughter over. commence revenge.
Mum’s always know best.
Stop taking my stuff.
Parking Ticket Fun
Size doesn't matter.
Petty revenge against smug girl
You enjoy that reasonable tip...I've got something even better.
Steal my parking spot, have something to drink.
Rob from me and then block me off social media? Say goodbye to your professional football career.
Kid pushes with my friend over a ball, gets suspended.
The Sims and Saliva: A Tale of Childhood Revenge
Watch what you say about me in my own home.
It's a Small World
Husbands take too long to poop
Made my brother cry over leaves
New generation petty
Bully your employees and my family? I'm a micro-manager's nightmare.
Promoted Posts
Thank you Siri
Entitled Mom screams at me because I was riding me bike in the town hall square.
Lean back on me? Enjoy the turbulence.
My manager harrassed me so I made sure she learned her lesson.
Dad shuts off WiFi
Coffee with a side of revengeSwear at me, you are in for a walk.
Refuse to put in any effort during meetings or return phone calls for our project? I'll do the whole project, won't let you know it's complete, and disappear the entire day before it's due.
Best Buy Parking Lot Pettiness
My EM was doing her best to spoil a family meal in a restaurant so I changed her attitude
Exposed My Former Boss
You're representing your company!
Jerk me around all day because you're flaky? Have fun in traffic then.
I cut my lawn in random directions because it makes my neighbor crazy
Is my small petty revenge that terrible?? NFSW
Fresh Rice
Person dents my moms car it cost them 3000 dollars
My boyfriend's cat hates me
Honking won't make me park faster
basicaly this
Revenge against a woman who treated me like garbage
A little shit in a Spooky Alley
Abandon your family? Lose something you love.
Someone I live with and their annoying over the top love with cats. (no cats are harmed)
My pal Richard.
Biking petty revenge
Trap me in a closet? I'll poop in your food.
Got a family kicked out of a Disney water park
HELP! Need to get revenge on my evil neighbors!
Childish Petty Revenge - I Was Really Angry at My Dad
Loyal doggy litters in my house
Avenging my dying bicycle
Cut me off and make me slow down? Right back at ya.
got that bitch fired
Being a fussy bitch means you wont pass without a hitch.
It's difficult to clean up your act without your soap.
School gym cleaner yelled at me for no good reason and i hate when someone yells at me.
Spam my email? I will spam yours.
Roommate never pays me back for take-away food.
rude customer's get what they deserve
Want me to clean up the kitchen? Don't berate me like I'm a child.
Cinnamon sugar lady vs king of petty pretzels
Math Teacher Forgets Object Permanence, and Retires.
Make noise in the middle of the night? Prepare to bombarded with candy...
Revenge at upscale restaurant
What you don't know doesn't kill you, but it satisfies me.
Enjoy your bananas...IF YOU CAN
Enjoy your peppers beeeyatch!
Secret revenge on illmannered texter.
I'm not the revenge sort. But I couldn't help be a little petty.
Want to talk loudly at me during my TV show? Enjoy my undivided attention.
Shitty chef gets his
Wasting the (time) vampire's time
My pettiness against a Russian retail worker who followed too closely
This Farmer Repeatedly Asked People NOT To Park on His Land… They Didn’t Listen
Seat thieves deserve less leg room.
Little guy cant keep up
Horrid Neighbors Get An Expensive Fuck You
Copy machine is messing up! AGAIN!!..."And the Petty Dick Award goes to..."
Be a massive bitch? I'll make you wait.
Entilteled dad wants to skip line. Ends up not buying anything and ek shat his pants
Oops, guess I failed to mention I speak their language
My Response Letter to Karen, aka Mrs.Grinch
If you don't stick to your side of the sidewalk, I'll inconvenience you very mildly!
basil.
Stop revving up your car or I’ll rev mine
Hello petty revenge subreddit there’s a kid I know and he framed me for something i didn’t know so can you guys give me and idea on how to get some sweet petty revenge and if you guys help me plot revenge I will pos about the full story
Gonna honk for no reason? I'll give you something to honk about.
Oh you need to use the sink right now? Go right ahead!
Steal my journal and I get in trouble hope you like blood in your locker!
Break my friend's heart? Let me teach you about female reproduction.
Can't queue politely? Enjoy my bodily odours.
My brother tried to torrent while i wanted to play video games
(GTAV Petty Revenge)Destroy my car as im pulling out of my garage? Have fun having multiple bounties on your head.
Avenge me! (Facebook harassment)
I ruined my ex's relationship because she is a cheater..
Make me look everywhere for my homework? Face my vengeful wrath.
No Netflix for you!
Girl chooses wrong kid to mess with
Petty and pretty?
Petty Revenge a la Mode
Quick, dumb revenge on a Spotify freeloader.
Ride my bumper? Have fun cleaning your drawers!
Don't park like a dick!
Keep leaving the oven on?! I'll show you!
Giving me the cold shoulder for no reason? Two can play at that game!
Bitch sister thinks she can humiliate me? Hahaha alright.
Suggestion: I know this an old one but...
You Call Me The Wrong Name For Three Years, How About I Ruin Your Relationship With Your Daughter
Rude deli customer gets her own back.
Petty Revenge on AmazonMIL wanted to ruin the bachelorette weekend, so there was one more party game.
Soccer revenge
Fart Sandwich
Dunkin' Donuts revenge
Can't wait for the train to stop? take that
The case of the tardy elevator.
Dumping your workload on me to complete for you because you’re lazy and it’s due the next morning? Let me come in late to the office the next day so you can get the next batch of workload.
The day Babylon fell
"Late detention"
Shalom
If you're demanding of the bar staff, you will be mildly confused for the next few minutes
I hate our server and we aren’t tipping.
Ride my ass when I'm traveling a reasonable speed? Enjoy missing your chance to pass me and getting stuck again.
This just happened at Wal Mart. I was using the self check out minding my own business when a lady gets in line behind me but is standing really close to me. Instead of asking her to step back a give me a little space, I just crop dusted her. I know she had to smell it too. I smiled as I walked away
Not mine, Schumer sends McConnell his letter back
this∞ End Game - While see this_∞ then do if {if do then doom}
"One of us has been teaching English for a decade..."
OPs neighbors dog shits in his yard, OP takes action.
Don't use the chip clip? Good luck reaching the bag.
Customer who is never satisfied receives exactly what he asked for in the form of disgusting pizza.
Walking Watermellon with a short fuze
Hope I scared you for a second, d-bag...
Gasoline, please
Cheaters don't get toilet paper
$$ diss rap
Patience is sometimes rewarded. Revenge 6 years later.
Treat everything like shit, I'll treat you like shit.
Be careful what you wish for, you just might get it.
The hot sauce doughnut revenge
Manager schedules me on a day I requested off weeks in advance, I go over his head
Crazy Fake Flower Lady Parking Spot War
I escaped my abuser and gave away his weed
Pizza Delivery Girl Petty Revenge
How does your vehicle run now?
Petty Collateral
Try to seal my fiancé and I’ll make you lost business and money later.
that's what happens when you disrespect me
Want me to move? Ok.
You think you can cut me in line because you are a hot chick?
Renting a van in Miami
Almost run me down in your car?! I'll report you to the litter police!
Petty revenge against our waiter who thought we were poor
Demanding condo owner cools his heels.
Don't want to play how we agreed? You're gonna have a bad time.
Keep sending me junk mail? I’ll send you something back.
Construction Next Door: Update
Made an asshole gamer ragequit
Old lady tried to run me over
Christian gets stuck on elevator to hell
Costco Parking Fucktards
Sideswipe me and blame it on me? Dashcam says otherwise.
You’re gonna be an asshole because I have autism, you’re gonna get fucked up.
Hello Comrades, this is a debriefing of Operation Petty Hell.
You’re severely underweight? Good luck with those heart problems.
Don't fuck with me on craigslist
Peers made fun of me for not wanting to ditch class with them
Hypocrite on sharing? Enjoy my PS3!
Sign me up!
Petty Revenge from the Movie store
Litter bug.
You cut in front of me to get some food?! *Sniff sniff*
Wanna play games with me the girl I wanna date? Two can play that game...
You Can't Beat the Hivemind
A customer screws around while ordering pizza
Break my licence plate off and don't tell me, then deal with me blocking your gas pump until it's fixed.
Made phone Scam idiot's day weird.Revenge Request: Piss in a Bottle
Something short and sweet.
If you don't pay for the internet, you don't get the internet.
Consider the situation extinguished
Come in late to let me go? Lets see how you like it
Never share your seat on a crowded bus? Have a bag to the face.
Overload my section? Enjoy staying late.
Deli revenge
Suck it, Comcast
Harmless petty revenge ideas!
Petty 'Pro' Revenge
Ride my bumper? Enjoy staying there.
Chocolate Muffins and Water Bottles
I'm an asshole and locked my housemate in the kitchen while I went to the pub.
My shitty Ex cheated on me with a friend of mine
Revenge on a roommate
She didn't even notice
Let my younger brother skip class? I'll take away your fun.
Annoy me... Well prepare for your Kratos makeover
So you love taking Snapchat selfies in the movie theater?
The battle for a dryer
Petty revenge on bitchy lady.
Effective petty revenge
How I got a nasty old man to stop spitting on my car
You take our changeroom, we take your key
Have a drink, trashcan
Tinder Girl I was dating cheated on me
Try to steal my fiance? I'll stop you from getting business.
I’m sorry brother I’m too loud to hear your loudness
Try to scam me and get mad when I ignore you? Ok. Let's play.
I made a social faux pas to be petty.
Ebay/Paypal Scammer XP
Gonna be a jerk? Well then I'm taking THIS.
Coworker doesn't do his job and makes me miserable, so I return the favor
Blocked my driver's side door, did you?
Want me to go to college? Fine.
So petty, so fulfilling!
Alexa alarms
She fucked the neighbor, I fucked her.
Let out death farts will you?
Cut Off Bikes and Blame Me? Do Not Pass Go.
Best Ass Penny Stories
Went on Facebook and got the thrill I've been waiting for
I shared a cab with my bully
So I Googled that car dealership that gave the pizza guy a hard time:
The Neighbors dog ended up dead because of a stupid reason.
I am a transgender woman, my employer made me use her bathroom rather than be allowed in the women's locker room. I took a smelly shit in that bathroom every single day I worked.
THE GREAT POKÉMON ESCAPE
The Bell
Back stab me on New Years? Don't think I'll forget
Brat on the Bus
String me along for 8 months? Enjoy your boyfriend finding out you’re not a virgin
My older brothers petty heater revenge.
Petty criminal in need of advice
He bullied me but things finally had to change...
Snoring Problem
Broke thieving roommate?
Remember to tip the parking valet.
Revenge on Xenon Light Asshole!
Lazy jerk!
Ghost in the machine
you're in a hurry/i'm not
Annoying brother-in-law
How my class got a creepy substitute teacher send in prison
Send me a bag of dicks? Time to scheme...
My hypocritical coworker made me cry so I took away her Facebook
Won't turn down the country? Enjoy the other end of the spectrum, asshole.
Early voting petty revenge
I’m still riding the high of my small victory here.
I've got a unique and messed up story
Fear the Cashier
Treat my friends and I like shit, you're going to have a sticky sleep tonight...
Rude lady doesn't get a nice coupon
I was a loan officer, and World Bank screwed me, so I got petty
Use my essay? Get an F.
Roll the dice, let's see what happens (Long)
Sent my stepfather-in-law a bucket of poop...
Need some ideas...
If this ain't petty, I don't know what is.
Cheesy Step-dad
Don't bitch to me about wasted product.
eBay seller can’t admit they might be wrong.
Left a bad taste in his mouth
e
Annoy me all year? Face the wrath of green ink.
Try to scam me? I'll get you banned from a hotel for life
Enjoy the stains, you miserable old buzzard
Won't move your rubbish bin from my house and be rude to me all the time? Good luck getting to work.
Video production revenge
Two wrongs don't make a right.
Bully me for a year....You fail an AP Course
Dicks don't deserve my parking spot
Phone scam petty revenge
Asshole teacher wouldn't let a student use a restroom during class. Student gets even.
Copy of my test ill make sure u fail
Bad camping neighbors
Boss bullied people into retirement, 3 old ladies play her hard
I asked my ex if he was my secret admirer just to rub it in.
Make Fun of Me? Have Fun Being Single!
Co-worker threatens to ruin career if I don't play his mind-fuck game. I play by the rules. Different outcome than expected for co-worker.
Toilet Seat Revenge
Snitches get stitches
Oh... I just wasn't paying attention.
EntitledSkater Almost Dies
“You look like you tried.”
I propose we all find a few price-gougers selling TP/sanitizer online, offer them bags of money for whatever they're selling, convince them to meet somewhere far from their home, and just not show up
Say John McCain is 'not a war hero', watch him do a slow rollout drama to kill your bill.Be an annoying squeaker? I'll find you on Facebook and make you apologize to the whole lobby
I made my mom stop slapping me.
Flying in coach
Call of Duty Revenge
Forget to give way
Driving company truck? Better obey road rules.
revenge for my abusive sister
I'm sorry, was I unclear? Also, F corporate.
Asshole landlord wants to play favorites, I play dumb.
Don't lean back on my desk...
Hope you like delicious blueberry lemonade.
A little tale from r/childfree: An entitled mom.
I hope you like bending over
How do I get revenge on an old boss?
You Snooze You Lose
You want $25 for a parking ticket, ok then, have fun counting it.
They shall come to fear our sign-making powers....
"I'm getting the hose."
Juicy justice for misgendering moron
Trapped the car that decided to stay right on my tail
Invade my privacy, will you?
Can’t wait your turn for laundry? Enjoy wet clothes.
Mom gets revenge on ex girlfriend
I am no longer taking the garbage to the curb
Waste my time while on holiday and I'll get you back.
Finally got my asshole supervisor back after years of his crap. (x-post from TodayIWon)Past the Zone of Provision
Water bottle revenge
Demand something unreasonable? Let me waste a little of your time.
He ain't here, he's dead...
Help Me Waste His Time
Em's dog kills my dog, so my dad kills their dog
Coach purse extravaganza
Let’s dine &amp; dash but forget we’re wearing team jackets
You should not park in my spot (part 2)
Sister won't let me into bathroom to pee so I waste 10 mins of her time.
Finding ways to be passive aggressive to messy customers.
It’s the little things...
I know your parents beat you and I'm always here.
So i had a games ending spoiled what would you do?
Torment my child and me by pounding on the ceiling in the middle of the night? Enjoy the resulting eviction.
I made a voodoo doll for my bully and I poke it daily
Cheat in airsoft? Enjoy being dead.
Refuse to allow more passengers on like a remorseless twat? Watch out
Certainly Sir, I'll help you look for your keys...........doubt you'll find them, I hid them pretty well.
Hey Derek. Guess what.
Having a party on a Monday night? Enjoy not sleeping on Saturday for your night shift!
Keep commenting about how I'm too skinny? Fine I'll just buy the fattier food versions you don't like.
If I can’t relax then neither can you
go ahead. use my computer without asking.
Gucci and Tonic
Oh since I'm so smart then I can't make mistakes then, can I?
Angry driver cuts me off
Really pretty, Hardly revenge.
Make an excuse not to talk to me? Good luck hearing yourself talk.
Mum’s Revenge
Anime Karen in Training
Need Advice on if I should follow through with being this petty.
Low baller gets dealt with
Manipulative cheating liar meets his match
Yell in my ears I'll make it slightly harder for you to see
Remove my number from your system.
About as petty as it gets...
Want to force me to your levels of perfectionism?
Don’t undermine the supervisor
School Director Insults My Family
Parent tries to sneak up for a better view at an FRC event, Friend makes sure no one else does the same
Corporate made my job worse so I went Robin Hood on them.
My petty revenge on my bully in 2nd grade
Oh, so you’re entitled and SPECIAL? I have special skills too and I’m not afraid to use them.
I love it when when I bike and some asshole tells me to get off the road…
sementanks.com
How can I majorly embarrass some ex-clients that owe me money?
"Looks like we need mom here to show daddy how it's done"
Call center employee gets petty revenge on me.
girl tells lies i get revenge (not yet tho)
almost run me off the road with a company vehicle? ill make you fear for your pocketbook
Son, why is there gay old men porn on your computer?
Want to tail gate me and swerve around me? Have fun sitting next to me at the red light.
She thought I was 9-1-dumb...
What happens when you tick off your bartender
Please negatively review.
What small-time petty revenge do you take in everyday life?
I will crush you
What can you do at 14 if you stole an autistic kid's phone and your stepmom whooped you on your behind with a wooden brush?
Surveys
Lived in a shared house and one roommate always occupied the living room. Sweet revenge with pee
My sister-in-law, I dislike her, witty title, blah.
A familiar situation.
Crap all over my masters degree? Don't get to listen in on the show I'm watching.
My roommates never clean up after themselves. I am not a fan of this behavior.
Don't strand me in a strange city.
Beep at the light too, if it slows you down.
Law School Acceptance (or not)
This from way back
Co-workers being cunts, coated coffee mug handles with petroleum jelly.
You want to be a bitch? Fine, I can be one too.
Egotistical girl I rejected tries to belittle me. I dip.
Dickhead cop revenge.
Fuck with my food, get ready for a suprise.
He tried his hardest.
call me a frog? I'll take your parking spot
Me: "Give Me all my money, Im switching bank" Bank: "THAT WILL TAKE HOURS"
I get the maintenance worker from my apartment fired and evicted
Brother locked himself out of his room and told me to f-off when i offered to help.
Eat shit, garden rats!
Beat me to the community laundry room? I'll beat you back upstairs.
Sherrif's office gets owned
Tic tac revenge
Mess with my playlist? Enjoy the tunes
Hipcheckable Ham
Saying my badminton club is full of cheaters? You lose!
How I Turned the Tables on a Gift Card Scammer.
Don't pass traffic in the shoulder
Company rejected me for a post that I thought I was gonna get, is it petty for me to leave a one star review on their page?
Make fun of how I talk? Find a new seat
Fat monstrosity teaches her piglet the value of selfishness (xpost from r/fatpeoplestories)
Guy starts shoving people in a crowd, meets the ground
Petty revenge against my petty revengeI can play better than you!
Dad will rub salt in the wounds, or worse
The salt unleashed
Cat Facts?
Don't worry, I'll take care of your dog for you.
Banana towel
Trolling the internet trolls
Enjoy tasting hell
Sheltie and Border Collie
Manager wont let me leave work when general manager could because my mom is in the hospital? General manager let's me go and she has to work back window cause no one else is trained to
You want to steal my mail? I'll give you some mail to steal.
I just wanted my tattoo.
My latest U-Haul experience
Swing abuser
You want to play loud music at my house? Let's see how well that works out for you.
Honkity doo dah
At a concert, the girls behind me WOULD NOT SHUT UP. Mall parking lot revenge
I, unintentionally, ended my roommates engagement
Doctor is on my side.
Pretty ugly
Petty revenge in mail
Petty, Sweet Revenge Against Neighbors...help!
So my phone (and really my well being) were stolen in Spain. The phone is now active...
My sister ruined my surprise 7th birthday party by telling me about it.
Douche bag politician
Kick Me Out Of Cam For Defending Myself? Enjoy Loosing Thousands
Neighbours with bad dog- failed
Petty bathroom revenge
You didn't want me on your team? Well, I beat your team...twice.
Insult my son's drumming ability, enjoy listening to mine
Bully me and lead my friend on. Feel super uncomfortable
I need your help getting back at a coworker.Something To Sneeze At
You steal my dice and portable charger? Have a nice walk.
My ex cheated on me and I’m in the best place of my life because of it.
No one tell her what's inside her head...
Pettiness on the tram systems
Revenge is a bit tart
Draw it yourself? No problem
You Wouldn't Have Been Caught if You Were Nice to Me
I hope they serve cold brew in jail
Yell at the plumber? Enjoy your flooding bathroom for the holidays.
You want to throw food at people? I can play that game.
Kids rage after I take their loot in Fortnite
Using my Xbox? No
A decision was made.
Two can play at being an a hole
How I got revenge on a lazy teacher
Actions have consequences
MovingNo I will not assist you
Em pushes my daughter to take a picture with a life size batman figure. So i buy it to spite her
The long game
Nearly run me down? I'll make sure you don't drive away.
Never Cheat for your Child
Ongoing phone/email revenge
Pretty revenge on my brother
Reddit, can we please stop using the name "Karen" to refer to people we don't like? Imagine if you or a loved one were named Karen, and how this negative connotation would make you feel
Make Me Look Stupid in Front of the Whole School Year? That'll Cost You.
Increasing his saltiness
Don’t let me merge in front of you then!
Use your headphones!
Older step sister gets what she deserves.
Removing 12K members from a FB group that spreads fake news
Call bylaw? Knock-knock, it's the police!
The apartment isn't going to smell like death if I can help it.
No e-mail sign-off for you!
Some petty monetary revenge on a major airline after a terrible experience
I got my abusive managers fired and they held a grudge.
Managed to expose my Sister in Law
Whistle Baby
It takes me two seconds but gives me a week of joy
How You Got It Spoiled
Don't be a bitch
You risked everyone's grade, so I'll risk yours
Just a "sprinkle" of revenge.
Pulling a prank on us? Prepare to get spooked in return.
Making a prissy winer's life as slightly inconvenient as possible
You hit me with the ball I beat you with it
thought you got rid of me? think again
I am gonna need your help guys.
Maybe petty anger?
Douchey Driver is Douchey.
Dad Gives Neighbours Door A New Paint Job
Piss me off at work? Prepare for crop-dusting
Won't stop using my phone number for signups? Apparently I will get you a divorce.
Ex-classmate is obnoxious and lazy, I try tricking her into getting a tattoo that wouldn't look good on her
Tailgating Me? Mobile Speed Camera Ahead!
Chemistry Pettiness
Got petty revenge by getting someone a job
Don't like how I'm standing up in a seat below you? Alright then...
Waste my time three days in a row? I'll make your life inconvenient.
Make me put away your groceries? no spoon for you!
Make me wait just to be mean? Have a little scare.
The Sweetest of revenge
Angry dick on my back door
Tailgating me? Hope you wanted clean windows.
I worked at an agricultural lab last summer
Wealthy speeders wreck their cars on new speedbumps I forgot to warn them about.
Creep sends rude and sexually harassing messages to a friend of mine. I forward them to his girlfriend.
A slap in the face is worth two flat tires
The Greasy Palm
All the lightbulbs didn’t work.
Take my phone? Get woken up by blasting music.
my teacher tried to get my gf to cheat on me
Steal my printouts? You'll never print anything again. (Until the Technician lets you)
Overly loud truck gets what's coming to him
Swerve toward me on an icy road and rev, I embarrass you in front of your class
Finally, a Sub-Reddit where I can leave my most fond memory about a Tailgater.
StarCraft 4v4 turned into 4v1 because people left and lagged
Good luck sleeping in
I blocked stealing neighbours
I want petty revenge over my neighbors who have been teasing my dogs for months. Can you evil geniuses please help me get my revenge?
Enjoy your 8 hour layover after trying to steal my charger
My horny is ruining my life
Oh, please... I clean up after you two constantly.
Back and Forth Wedding Drama Pettiness
Happy birthday to me
Make fun of my friend? Enjoy sweeping the floor. Dick.
Get stroppy with me, expect to wait just a little bit longer.
Want to get your dirty shoes on me? Fine I'll rub your ankle
The pianist
Blame me for the line in the parking garage?
Seeking fellow trolls for revenge.
Asshole gets soaked
The balloon sculpture on the front page reminded me of a story
Good Dog!
Caught my ex cheating, I turned the bed into a buffet.
Mess with my airline seating, no survey for you!
Dude honked at me for not entering a roundabout aggressively. I started driving like grandma and was especially nice to the pedestrians
This guy offered me a ride home under the guise of being nice turned out to be a creep and I ended up giving him a very expensive uber trip
Blame me for sleeping with your girl and I will so the crime matches the punishment
Best revenge is your own success, or watching your bully almost crap themselves
Yes.
I believe karma can be a bitch
Make me pay the fee for both of us? You'll pay in the end.
Thanks for the Beats
Crushing tale of a women who didn't listen to me
Gym Membership prices? I have picture proof on my phone.
(Pet)ty revenge on my dog.
Mother steals my possessions, hope you like smothering your lips in my vagina juice, bitch.
Thanks for helping me donate to the Cancer Society!
Car dealership loaner
I called my MIL by her last name instead of Grandma.
Accidentally connected to an obnoxious guy Bluetooth speakers? Here's a chance when I see one
Being nice will save you time
I got robbed of £130 by this guy, he tried to sell me a motorbike but he ran away with my money, can everyone spam his phone?
You won't lift a finger to help me with housework? Enjoy the piles of lint.
My new work boots are making me very happy.
Are you sure you want these wrapped individually? Ok, fine.
Call me an asshole, and I'll be an asshole.
I call an ol buddy of mines hundreds of times a day.
The boy I liked ditched the water fight, so I spent two years ensuring he would get soaked.
I pissed in my roommates' liquor bottles
I Rick-Rolled a stranger :)
Revenge on a gum stealing prick
Revenge is Best Served LukewarmPreemptive Petty Revenge (Alt Title: No Personal Space? Enjoy My Sweet Ambrosia)
Enjoy getting that ball!
The moderators messed with the wrong fan...
F**k so loud I can her you through the walls? Enjoy the music.
Somewhat of petty revenge...
I Need Help!!
Fuck with me? Have fun taking the bus.
Someone used my e-mail address to sign up for Discord. I logged in, and...
enjoy the bottom drawer
Sure, don't control your kid on a plane.
Extra credit = no freeloading
Enjoy your coffee :)
Mcdonald's Revenge
This bathroom stall is occupied, Sir.
Nearly run me over in your fancy car? get the middle finger and a dent
Got my revenge on an XBOx scalper
You want my ass? Be careful what you wish for
UPDATE: FORCING MY SOON TO BE EXBOSS TO COME IN ON THE WEEKEND
Over A Parking Spot...
Not at this address
So I'm a shit comic. How about I give you no more work.
Cousin gets scared, gets petty revenge
Neighbor's loud butt-rock bluetooth speaker. Need to hack speaker.
Plagiarism and You: A Guide To Getting Banned
Bully me? Prepare for the Slap of Truth
You hog my desk for 2 hours? I'll hog something of yours.
Fake tech support revenge
Cheat on me? I'll date your ex-friend
Rude customer can't think for herself.
Didn't help with project?! Time for you to go solo...
Litterbug being littered.
Jukebox Revenge
Saw someone else's post about 'stealing' back property and I realized I have a petty revenge story :)
Keep me late at my job? Let me help you lose yours.
Bicycle petty revenge
Stiff me with a smile, have fun sanding off those skid marks!
Just being friendly...
Douchey housemate never cooks or cleans
How the Tables have turned
Parking!
Revenge on a childhood bully
Petty Revenge on Technologically-Challenged Grandmother
Want to Pull a Petty Prank on the Office? Good Luck.
Wanna be loud and rude while shopping? Don't stand behind me in line then.
Brought Down to Earth
Don't a dick and pay your small copay with a hundred dollar bill
To the woman berating the Mexican people in line at Target: FUCK YOU.
Don't be a brat.
Girl refuses to help on a massive project, ends up getting held back.
Theft = Chipmunk
Throw flowers at my teacher? Ok, guess he will assemble his own SWAT team out of students.
You better eat that Anchovy Pizza
Owe me money? Hope you’re not fond of your couch!
Turning The Tables on The Dumbest Scam of All Time
Glitter Bomb
Revenge on “friend” for trying to steal my sister’s boyfriend
How to win at ghosting a chronic ghoster...
Seeking pettyrevenge advice, if allowed!!!
this is an inteesting title.
This is lame, but for a brief moment, I hold someone's fate in my hand.
WARNING: Some bears were harmed in the making of this story.
Dating Site Revenge.
Want to be a lazy tattle tale? That's fine. Nice hair, btw!
Revenge on my sister, very petty.
Team Fortress 2 revenge: Snipe me repeatedly with Huntsman? You probably shouldn't be hanging around that cliff, someone might airblast you off...
Want to fight with my dad? Fine mom, wake up an hour late next morning.
Fine, eat the sprinkles!
Break my padlock I'll make you pay thrice it's cost.
Get back to work
Just found this sub...wish I had a story to share...and then remembered I did!
Teach you to annoy a full cinema screen
My sister loves to make sure our mistakes are known
Threaten my college musical career because you're a Nazi? Ok.
A customer threatens my coworkers because they didn't make his lunch that he didn't order.
Don't feel like contributing? Enjoy a dead phone.
Make me laggy? Enjoy the slowest internet ever!
You wanna be petty, I can play that game and follow the rules.
Here Bag Lady. let me lighten your load
Guy keeps bothering me enjoy your pool tube again... and again...
Breakroom TV control
Don't screw me out of an hour of work!
I'll share this gem of my time in food services
Won't let me go to the bathroom? Okay, then.
Revenge on the Rude KFC Cashier
If you give me an idea, I will follow through.
Looks like you'll be picking up your photos later than expected.
A Little D for a Big Asshole
Looking for some petty direction..
My mom took my breakfast, so I took her blankets
Don't want to walk an extra 5 feet? Well now you have to!
Boy bullied my mother, she threw a sharp boulder at his forehead
Bad tipper gets what he has coming to him
Salesman doesn't want to waste his time. Oh no...
This means war.
Microwave revenge
I took my cousin's lighters
Don't listen to me? I'll psychologically mess you up in the head.
Punched me when I tried to correct you? I'll ruin everything you love
Can’t change money? Fine. I put it on my card and take it out immediately wasting our time
more pizza for me
"I got this order right."
Poopsenders?
Be a jerk all semester to me? I'll indirectly make you fail the final.
How to get your 35 year old sister to finally sit back and realize that you're not her verbal punching bag anymore.
So you want your car back, do you? OK..
For The Seat Hogger
So, you take my drawing and post it on reddit.
Want that cup? Go get one.When a YouTuber much bigger than you tries to expose you over something you didn't do...
Guy at the Taco Bell drive thru gave me free food
Trying to be petty? That's cute
My roommate is being a idiotic douce canoe...
Made a my friend restart on roblox
Cut me off in drive through..
Potatoes for your driving
my brother hid the white cheddar cheetos..
Những bé Yorkshire Terrier nhỏ nhắn nhất thế giới
Black Ops Zombies petty revenge
Overcharged is for 15mbps download and 5mbps upload, our internet name is now a “billboard”
I do this all the time.
Ah, Christmas!
The world provided it's on revenge
Don't want to move the trashcan? Enjoy wet feet.
Cut in front of me? Fuck you.
Lying to a date to get a free meal? We can play the same game.
needs some love
Persistence!
Lights-out!
Be nice to the photographer or else
I'M GOING TO THE BATHROOM!
Call me names and intimidate me at work? I'll humiliate you in front of a shop full of people.
Pass everyone on the shoulder? Not if I can help it.
Scare little kids? Time for some payback.
Call me in to work on my day off? See how you like it when I clock in late.
Revenge was had on the roommate from hell.
Do not fuck with a working man's lunch.
Laundry Petty Revenge
Stay off your property? As you wish
Underpay me all these years? I'll make your retirement not as smooth!
It wasn’t me, I swear!
Dogs that bark don't bite.
Wifi name for roommate from hell
Trying to hog a seat? Not on my watch.
ESO revenge.
Hog up the resident laundry room when you don't even live here, have fun waiting
Hit on my girlfriend? You have no idea who you're dealing with.
Guy who left with my prom date now works at car wash (going to make him wash my car)
You call me by my first name, I call you by yours
Got revenge in my sleep! Mwah ha ha
Angry ex-girlfriend and business co-owner tweaks the web page
Downvoted on everything
Guy and his friends squeeze me out of my spot in line, I cut him off at the last second
park in our driveway? ill make your life a living hell.
Girl Scout Revenge
Classmate tried to cheat so she got a F for putting wrong answers thinking they were right.
Yeah, you're not that cool
A customer pulled the "Do you know who I am?" among other insults so I made her life a little more difficult for her husband.
Revenge against my brother
Sweet revenge on a shitty recruiter
I purposefully burned a customers tongue
Dude who dumped me for "lying"
Pester my friend and I about shopping? Okay.
Nail salon revenge...
Tell Mom About My Memes, I’ll Tell Instagram You’re Underage!
Flowers for me?
Thanks for the free money, morons.
That's for splashing my coat.
Cross Country Revenge
Lie and lose your favorite DVD.
Oh you want to throw eggs at my house and a toilet paper roll in my tree?
The toothbrush story
You wanna double park half over a handicap spot without being handicapped? Enjoy the cart.
Can't throw garbage in a can? Have fun with a messy door.
Bought house. Old owners were cheap.
Florida heat brings out the best in me
Revenge on my Neighbors: In Deep Cat Poop
meatspin
Need help seeking revenge
UPDATE: I painted my pool green after my neighbour complained about my green pool.
Noisy kid on bus. Spoilt his fun.
Bus Arrived At the Center
You want me to pay for a book that you have no proof of me borrowing?
Math teacher fed up with sleeping student.
Middle school teacher gets revenge by rickroling his class.
You like being a prick? Here's a cactus!
I keep minimum bidding.
Play your games too loud, fine how about no internet.
My dog helps me get back at crazy neighbor
Revenge is a dish best served.....on hold
ok, fine, take my phone!
Petty revenge super power graphic designer
Gross, but effective
I made my enemy sick for messing up my assignment
Over Protective Dad loses out on the PERFECT picture of his daughter.
My stepdad got revenge with bubbles
best friend steals my gf so he got what’s coming to him
swift petty justice
Get Back at my Ex by writing music and exposing it to the world, he is furious!
Friendship with 105k YouTuber gone HORRIBLY wrong.
Call me stinky? Enjoy a cold shower.
I have a somehow light to petty revenge on a spammer on Discord.
Here He Cums
Bully gets taken down a peg (ends bullying)
Petty little revenge I got off the bitch from elementary school.
My bf ruined my self esteem by not having sex with me so I made myself more attractive and constantly turn him down
Wanna be a racist homophobic "hacker?" lose some friends.
Need ideas on how to fight a bar
Thieves Burn Their Mouths on Stolen Goods
The Tale of ID, Sunglasses and Angst
"Friend" eggs my car
Now you have to read it!
You try to steal my money? I steal yours.
Extremely Petty Driving
Sharing lotto numbers
Where's my water bottle?
Irritated by the super long backstories and explanations on this sub
Nice cup of tea?
Putting the frat boys in their place.
Be rude to me, lose out on an upgrade.
My Dad got Petty Revenge on ME
Played the ultimate mind game on my emotionally abusive ex trapped at sea.
Threaten to break my $300 headphones and call my dogs ugly how about no more friends
"Can I get a man to serve me please" (xpost /r/talesfromretail)
Roommate moved out without paying his share of the utilities
Stealing my parking space?... ok, ok.
Throw money at me? Have a warm drink.
Karen stuck in a blizzard
Petty revenge for a financially petty roommate
Bitch at work just got hers. Revenge is truly sweet.
How doing nothing is my greatest revenge
Farmer's Market Bully
Lazy in laws can deal with their own trash
Girl doesn't want to do any work in a group. She gets her just dessert.
Tailgate me and see where it takes you
Take my stuffed animal, draw on it, and throw it in the trash? Have fun handwashing ALL of them.
it's MY car, not OUR car
Dad screams at me for reading books, so my mom gives him a sunburn
Round 3 with the bitch upstairs - her family is visiting, and helping her wage sleep deprivation warfare on myself and my neighbours
Act like a jerk to my friends? I'll beat you in a poetry contest.
Brat Child's Parents get a soft reminder
Malicious compliance, video, and retraining by district manager for Victoria Secret Manager who made up some new policies because I refused to sit silently while he was on a power trip
Rude and angry woman lacks respect and is surprised when there is a response.
"No good?"
The reason you lost your phone charger(s) at that anime convention you went to
I think I may have been the victim of a petty revenge
Pre Revenge (you choose what I do)
Nazi schoolmate took down himself
Keep me from saying my last name. Hope you enjoy reading my papers the rest of the year.
No more spankings.
Rude Girl was Expelled for Laughing at my Sister.
Petty revenge on girl I used to trust
Black Jack Revenge
Don't dish if you can't take
Server who always gives the bill to the woman.
Threaten to sue me over your adult movie rental charges at a hotel? Be prepared to pay.
Oh you cheated on me? Wait until immigration hears about it
Keep Taking my Clothes. Fine. I'll Take All of Your Clothes.
I put the assistant manager where he belongs
Hey guys I want to play a prank on some douchebag
My ex's landlord/roommate treated them badly.
Treat me like a child? I'll treat you like a child.
Even as a five year old, I knew how to bide my time.
Don't park in my spot.
My crowning jewel of sweet revenge.
Men who escaped domestic abuse: what stereotypes did you have to overcome?
Stop blaming the girl friend if your fiancé blatantly disrespects you
To my boss - I can see this eating you alive
I touched it.
My Greasy Roommate.
I love revenge
Taking up two seats on the bus? Just let me get my sword...
Be toxic and team-kill me, get a day ban
Stole my internet? You are not prepared
I outsmarted my bully by doing absolutely nothing
I hope you enjoy the extra 10 seconds on your commute home!
Entitled kids whilst camping. I give them a shock
I did something really mean. (Involving OCD and spit.)
Your getting COVID
X-post from /r/TIFU. A Dad's PR Against A Thieving Stoner Son
Making my neighbors suffer, 30 seconds at a time...
Loud sex at 50 feet away? Time to fry some chicken.
Made a witty comment in my Physics class because the teacher made fun of one of my explanations.
family discount my A**
Everyone's lunch is ONE hour, that includes you asswipe
Call people an idiot? ...
Assistant Principal accidentally sentenced me to a day of playing around
The pleasure is all mine..
What do you do when trucks driving over your lawn ?
Revenge on Regina George.
One of my friends lied to me, So i spammed his server
Lash out on me/my coworkers due to a policy change? Enjoy your unstirred 4 cream/4 sugar coffee.
Hopefully, the cab driver enjoyed the red light
Don't want to clean the kitchen for a week? Have fun trying to get it done at the last minute
Petty revenge by a courtroom sketch artist
A classic fast food revenge.
Don't be a dick about my weird habits.
Oh, it'll be to go alright.
This old lady almost killed me and nearly got me beat up...
Outplaying my petty room mate
Server Revenge to Worthless Parents
Complain about our huge tip? – get ripped!
Blame me for your cheating because I didn't do your laundry? Okay.
Comedian got abusive with me till I walked out so I mind-fudged him with this video.
This might be NSFW...
Singled out my girlfriend's car, meanwhile this complex is full of asshole drivers?
Guess I'll just continue shutting up then
I was so FUCKING SICK of Pandoras constant pop ups and interruptions telling me to pay for their subscription that I downloaded Spotify and signed up for Premium. EAT SHIT PANDORA
Traitorous brother and stepmother simultaneous dual revenge
Yell at me for leaving work when sick? Ok, then I don’t come in at all.
More petty revenge on a petty landlord: leaky faucet epic.
Call me names, now youre out of state with possible arrest warrants here. (First "revenge" so i thought id post it here.)
Basically deleted racist "friend's" Discord server. Twice.
Enjoy waking up to cold wet clothes you inconsiderate douche nozzle.
Take my food, I'll take your job.
Enjoy your presents, Dad
Steal my PS4 account, have fun playing your games
How to appease a housemate with a butter fixation.
A night of hardbass
Tips on how to get Revenge on an ex-friend
No, good samaritans don't always get a pat on the back
Oh! You gave me $20? Where is it?
How do you like your hood ornament now?
An emergency that I warned you about months ago? Do tell...
Set a rude French civil servant straight.
Cheat on me? Here's a bit of karma
Everyone has their own petty revenge story. Now, I have mine.
HOW PETTY ARE YOU?!?!...The Art of Pettiness and what it means to be Petty from The Hateful Truth podcast.
Paid for her food...
Don't want to do chores? Well I don't want to make my bed.
Dorm laundry issues
"It's OK ladies, this round is on me!"
Screw Me Over, Have Fun Losing All of Your YouTube History
No change for you!
Call me a beginner? Right back at ya.
Got revenge on my friend for talking crap about me
You take my pencil away? Fine.
Request to get back at crazy neighbour
Fuck naturopathic doctors. A simple and short revenge story.
Bro and sis won't flush dirty toilet paper, and I've had enough
Cheat on my mother? Good luck negotiating that business deal.
I took back the Netflix...
Sweet high school revenge with a bit of help from karma
Enjoy your cold shower!
Sieze the Petty Revenge When You Can, Don't Fail Like Me.
I fu*ked my friends biology grade
Bully gets knocked out by accident.
The old milk trick
Sister annoys me, I change all the Danimals to banana
Not sure if we can link videos, but this definitely qualifies as petty revenge.
I'm sorry, were you going to use this?
Made my little brother pee himself for a year on an off for telling the whole school something nasty about me.
Need some pretty advice
Oh, sorry, am I in your way?
Sure man, I'll "fix" your computer
Lady driving on freeway thinks she gets revenge, then hilariously misses her exit
"Quick, How do you Spell Yaoi?"
Take my pc enjoy playing...
The war next door
Throw my food away?
Friend's roomies bug him about a problem they have in spades, in a passive-aggressive way. I leave them a gift.
Be a crappy ex? Miss out on free movies.
Cheating stalking ex served revenge at a gig!I Left a "Present" in Her Yard | Dear r/pettyrevenge
Try to push me to hurry up? Well you are just going to wait!
This got me expelled from high school.
Blaming me for your overdraft fees?
4th grade bullying story.
Petty drive-thru destruction.
closet full of pee
Verbal abuse = ice cold shower.
Housemates from Hell
Get mad at me for someone else's behavior? Fine, I will NOT hit your car every time I park, and no shoveling, either!
I hope you're a fan of Game of Thrones.
My poo revenge in high school
Job tried to screw me so I screwed them with their own incompetence
You know that book you've been reading for months? Have fun not knowing how it ends.
A $600 apology
Pizza manager tried to screw me over, he got screwed back.
Try to turn my colleagues against me? Enjoy trying to find a needle in a haystack.
Reddit karma kindy-revenge...certainly petty.
Retail Hell: the elusive thundercunt edition!
this lady gave me a bad haircut and forced me to pay
"Best" friend of ten years unfriends me for no reason.
Should share less on your list
Receipt Revenge
Enjoy paying for something you didn't get
Be rude to me and I'll change your phone to English
I ain’t playin
Don't write "Wash Me" and attempt to draw a penis on my car.
Merge Like A Zip (Driving/Traffic story)
Husband tells me to stop nagging him.
Make me build a house for you in a game? Destroy your house.
Staples v Paperclips
Bar queue revenge.
I'm not delivering your newspapers loud enough? Fair enough, I can fix that.
usually my revenge is evil and "too far", but I think I managed to contain myself this time.
Rig-diculous. Better Living Through Chemistry OR Notes to You.
Take that boss lady!
Sometimes you just gotta hit back harder for it to stop...
Somebody was stealing my lunch
I set my husband's amiibos on fire
Waste my time, no I will have the last laugh.
Won't Check my Shoes for Spiders? Guess You Should Check Yours too!
I help a local screenprinting company earn the reputation they deserve.
Smoking weed in your dorm? Enjoy a visit from the fire marshal.
No large meal for you!
Ok, fine, I'm gone then.
Failed the lab but got a job!
OKCupid girl who shot me down last year, msg me again.
The time I made my shitty roommate effectively taste my shit.
Lock your trike in other employee’s way? I will hide it on you
Middle school dumbass kid.
My coworker has a habit of not doing his share of the work
I exposed my English teacher for writing a self-insert teacher/student adult novel because he shut down my Great Gatsby conspiracy theory.
I, a vegan, took revenge on a coworker for feeding me meat
Stand off on a bridge
Call my company to bitch and complain about something out of our control? Get your summer vacation rental unit revoked.
When the Ride Attendant casually discriminates against people in Wheelchairs
Airplane revenge. Petty style.
Giving it the heave-ho
If you don't respect other people's personal space, I won't respect yours.
Help me with a little petty revenge
Do Not Bully My Volkskamrade
Ignore my kid? Have fun getting your fraudulent disability claim denied.Deny my vacation? Enjoy your trip!
Petty revenge request- how to crash a New Years party from afar?
You want to park using three spaces? Fine with me
A telemarketers side of the story
I left my ex's stuff in the park
Disrespect the station guard force, I will make your day even longer.
Chicken Sandwich Revenge delivered 3 years later
A company tried to scam me, now their reps have to hear my horrible story!
Don't mess with the tech
The best revenge is living well
Ask me for a favor and then slam me, well good luck.
Burritos
Presidential revenge
You wanna steal my chapstick, bitch?
"You will not use that swing!" "Will I?"
Another revenge on my roommates annoying girlfriend!
Treat me like a side piece? Think again.
Got even on my friend for throwing out my G&amp;T
Don’t want to pay cheap bills cause you’re cheap as hell? I’ll make you pay something.
Hamster for a cookie
How i got rid of my bullys.
Petty Revenge In Process...
Overstay your welcome? I'll drain your bank account.
Secure yourself before worrying about others
Home development tried to screw us over
Remind me to vacuum the kitchen and bathroom? I'll do it thoroughly.
Don't wanna clean up after your cat? Alright.
Tailgating Me is Not an Option
No raise for me? I guess I'll just have to eliminate some of your revenue.
Petty revenge is a dish best served lukewarm
Lie to me, I'l leave you with no change.
Because it's not nice to see you...
CALL THIS NUMBA
Petty revenge twice
Nothing like the stink of revenge.
Mess with the best? Ya get burnt. Ya done got burnt.
Inconsiderate gym goer gets his stuff locked up.
Dick Costumers
You make the entire class laugh at me? I ruin your middle school exam
Locker Buddies
Don't be a dick to a waitress.
Fuck you, Nature.
I got to go to Mexico and my ex still is trash
Want to abuse my hard work? You fail a class
Crazy driver almost kills me on the interstate when I mess with him after his great driving.
Enjoy your voicemails!
I am not invisible. (xpost r/talesfromretail)
Currently enjoying the pettiest revenge
Don't say I'm a crap PC builder!
Don't Use My Toothbrush.
Found at a hotel in Virginia
Anonymously Send Someone Real Animal Shit
Go ahead and copy my answers, I insist
Is it okay to post asking for petty revenge suggestions for a situation that happened to me?
Bully my lil bro get a red smack mark
Alarm Clock Revenge
racist dodgeballer
Ruin my relaxation, wasting my time? Enjoy the noise.
Summer school milkshake
Annoying neighbor won't bother me anymore
What would the internet do?
I kept getting teased for playing fortnite by my brother so I found someone even worse he does.
Revenge on Childhood best friend’s AHbrother
The roommate.
my boyfriend can be a bit unnappreciative.
Petty revenge for a narcissistic mother-in-law
Leave the door unlocked all night in a rough area? Get locked in the house all day
You ate my Oreos???
SuiteCRM Themes Customization
Misplaced petty revenge that could have gone very bad
Don't want to pay me but still wanna use my work? Have fun with copyright issues!
I don't like your singing
Parking lot vengeance
Smell my revenge!
A long, petty and satisfying revenge in a small pub
I hope she had to do an open to close.
Drunk revenge
One simply does not pass a garbage truck, especially on the right.
Win a free Ipad.
A girl befriends me and uses my disabilities against me to try to steal my bf
Steal my drinks all week? Enjoy my sack sweat
Peaches are the pits!
Revenge on a Manager
My ex got me kicked out of school
Don't get on my ass and then proceed to tailgate others.
My neighbor passive-aggressively weedeats my lawn and I passive-aggressively let him
Won't Accept My Money? Fine Then.
waiter refuses to swap out our glasses? don’t say we didn’t warn you
I decimated my ex wifes current marriage yesterday.
Sometimes Violence IS The Answer
Help me play a petty game against my coworker
"I did it."
Invade my space? I'll hit you with revenge so petty that you won't even notice!
Internship evaluation 55/90? Excuse me?
Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Dad? Big Bad Dad? Big Bad Dad?
Call ten times get your ear drums blown out
As low as I can go
A guy called someone with ADD stupid so i ruined their phone
Ripping off currency-exchange rip-off merchants while overseas
Walk through our field and destroy it in the process? Step in shit
The Case of the missing shoes
My dad hates car salesmen
Just one drink
Your going to beep at me for taking a extra second to look both ways before crossing the road in my Car? Fine you'll now be waiting even longer as I slowly drive my Car
Yell at me in front of my friends to scam me out of money, I'll make you clean up my piss everyday for a month.
Difficult buyer on eBay? Enjoy your item.
Wash your mouth out with soap
Be a bad friend to my sister? Good luck finding Candy Crush tickets.
One item shopping trip turned into two item shopping trip
kid has to learn not to stare
I spoiled Endgame to someone who kept annoying me
Don't mess with my pizza
That's fine, you can have the laptop. Enjoy Ubuntu.
Don't ring the Goddamn doorbell if you want the good Candy
I can't tell if I'm proud of this or not.
7 year old me revenge on best friend.
Bring your trash to me and I will return the favor
Team up
Why yes, we should ring up every item. (xposted /r/maliciouscompliance)
Let your dog pee on my car, how about I 'flood' your appartment
Petty? Yes. Dumb? Maybe. But I had to do it
Steal my food- well shit for you
They thought a second time was the charm...
Responding to a pissed off 12 year old
I Laugh My Brother Out of the Room
Crappy Roommate
Interesting short revenge on RATS
Handcuff yourself and not come back to your job for an hour? Enjoy being unemployed.
Eat my food? Have fun reassembling your bed!
Scam artist VS Sandwich artist
Can some one link me a bass frequencies generator that can vibrate buildings? I have a pretty decent subwoofer and our building is pretty easy to vibrate
They couldn't say a thing and I acted oblivious to it.
Get my friends homework wet, you lose your backpack.
We are having an argument and you are downvoting me?The best way to deal with queue-jumpers
The Death of The Death Superman
Fail to follow the rules; enjoy the rest of your shift soaking wet
Well, what the hell would you have done?
Refuse to be served by a female bartender and ask for the manager? Allow me to introduce you to her.
Dad had my back with high school mean girl
Roommate meltdown over issue they created themselves (or, how I made an angry roommate even angrier)
Evil cat lover gets cat stolen
Back in high school, 1975. My locker partner kept stealing my goodies.
In my second year of primary school a kid lied to a teacher to get me in trouble: The lie backfired and blossomed in to sweet, beautiful justice. My playground now, bitch!
We changed the questions in a mock exam to catch cheaters
Won't move so I can play my games? You don't get to play yours.
Interrupt my shit?
What goes up must come down and back up again and back down...
SMS spam bot uk?
Got some good petty revenge before the long weekend.
Stupid guy kicks my moms new purse so i tortured him threw a movie
Skid marky mark.
Fine, now your own damn lawn
Racist coworker finally gets fired (politically sensitive)
Best friend took my pencil so I took all of his for a month
I am playing the first 15 notes of "Highway to Hell" to my lovely neighbor, on random repeat. And stopping.
The FreeBird Bomb
Man throws fit about fireworks and sends letter to neighbors. Neighbors respond.x-post from r/confession I, unintentionally, ended my roommates engagement.
ARE YOU THERE, ARE YOU THERE
Need petty revenge ideas
Kamma poop
My most petty revenge. Not proud, but I wouldn't do it any different.
I Threw All of Her Things Away
Landlord lost one of my rent payments
Revenge: The long game
Try to get out of work and make more work for everyone else just got you more work.
Neighbour evicts our puppy for some "peace and quiet"
My detention teacher rekt these kids
Worked for a terrible store, got called an idiot by a high school aged shift supervisor, decided to have a little fun on my way out the door.
No TP at the in-laws.
No cheese for your lunchables
Oh, you want to write your pet peeve speech about my favorite type of music? Let me prove you wrong.
You don't get credit if you don't do the work
Instant Karma for a slow RV
Don't run over the train tracks, dumbass.
Dorito revenge
Force me to do your child’s homework? I’ll put the wrong answers and embarrass them in class.
Get pissed and play the victim when I take away a small amount of the convenience I gave you in the first place? Say goodbye to the rest of it.
Stands up a chubby girl, but can't hack it when it's done to him
Enjoy your butt-whistle
Take my leftovers, I waste your time
Try to exclude me from an organization and generally be an ass? Enjoy my sabotage.
Waiter refuses to give us an extra table
Take up two spots? My car's not that big...
UPDATE: I DON’T WANT TO GO TO MY CHEATING SISTER’s WEDDING
Pay Your Invoice Boys
Mild Inconveniences
You wanna wear tough guys pants? Good luck cleaning them tomorrow.
Refuse to tell your patients about their options? We'll educate them when you won't.
Power trip me, I'll crash your email
Death to social career by pettiness
Shittypants
PS4 spam
Bully my friend for years? Enjoy being grounded for a year
I did try to warn you....
Pushy salesman got the same treatment
You have knuckles and muscles, I have wits and physics
Closing Time
Try to fuck my dad over? TWICE?! Fuck that, this time I'm old enough to help him win.
Enjoy your pennies asshole!
My neighborhood removed stairs near the meanest neighbors house just so she’d have to walk an extra couple minutes to get to her mailbox
My dad annoys my mom I annoy him.
Remember, You Have Neighbors
Need an idea on how to get petty revenge on a Nasty Woman
Think you own the road? Have fun waiting at the red-light
You talk shit about me &amp; try to pick a fight &amp; you get ISS
"The Pen That Started It All"
Have fun finding your clothes
friends ignored me at a club, publicly shamed them in front of the whole school
Bully me? Get in trouble.
Don't throw eggs at smaller kids.
Rip me off on a light bulb? Get put on blast
Years ago but I remember it well
I need Ideas..
I got a craigslist scammer in trouble with the police.
Immature ex doesn't get his stuff back
Don't hurt my truck
Wafting the decomp smell
A minor inconvenience.
"Have fun."
Sister borrowed my truck and leaves me with her filthy car, so I detail *half* of it
Revenge on a smoker
Rubs it in this Alone Forever guy's face!
So you want to tailgate me? Choke on this!
Sorry
Scam me black mail me and take my money? Ill ruin your business
Steal my friend's pen? Hope you enjoy pulling pins out of your cubicle wall.
Revenge on inept building management and foreclosing bank
Gas station line
Worst. Roommate. Ever
A bully decides that picking on children younger than him was a good way to impress girls. I proved him wrong.
Hah, take that math teacher.
People who work in glass burger joints shouldn't throw stones
My grandpa's teacher was full of shit, so...
Diss track on my hoe ass uncle
Gym asshole
Won't honor your website promises? Enjoy my charge back.
Shaming a couple of ignorant witches
Bladder control
You think you're time is more important? NO DEBIT CARD FOR YOU!
So you want to bully me? Well I'll take care of your yearbook photos!
Impatient Jerk roomate took my car without asking, left a used condom in the truck bed...
Don't cry over missing milk
Sister stole my keys so I stole her gas
Make me close by myself all the time? Have fun never going home early.
The world's leading light on megalomaniacal psychopaths 'deconstructs' internet Trolls, in his long-awaited article, were he draws the comparison between their psychology and the serial-killers and pedophiles he's studied.
Stop stealing my goddamn parking spot!
Is there a subteddit to learn and request revenge tactics?
History Youtube Channel reads out two years of dumb comments to roast people.
Not sharing food? You're going to regret it.
My petty revenge as a child
Very Petty, but Satisfying, Revenge on a High School Douche
Thanks Kevin Smith
Mess with my feelings? I'll ruin your social life. Possibly NSFW
Why do fat people always drive tiny cars?
You aren’t doing as well as the others, why aren’t you giving more fines to more people?
Roommate kept messing with the thermostat.
Fake Coworker Should Take Note
My homophobic stepmother made my life a living hell for me so I signed her up for various newsletters, junkmail, and gay porn.
Truancy officer reports me to police for false charges, gets punched in the face!
Bullied roommate gets revenge
Sweet revenge on a cheater (non relationship kind)
Want to make a donation "in your honor"
You be an asshole to get the 'perfect' book, I'll give you the worst copy we have
If you don't, I will!
Cold call/txt me to vote for your candidate? I’ll vote for their opposition in the name of spite...
When housemates try to use your bath products and think you wont realize it...
Stop slamming my car with your door..
Ass manager
Ideas to deal with the asshole everybody hates at work
TV Remote Revenge...
You don't want to clean up after yourself?
Butt in line at the gas station? Now you wait.
Not your average story
To hell with your stupid groceries
Getting a guy to incur my mother's wrath
Don't hold the door for me and kick my pile of dirt? Looks like you're stranded buddy.
Try to scare me off my bike? I've got all the time in the world.
A friend just texted me this.
Let me mock my bad music teacher.
Yell at me and I'll make you yell more…
Jerk who goes over lawn to avoid speed bumps gets karma.
Still got high achievements over sabotage
Bike thief gets kicked off football team
Reddit, help me decide how I quit my job tomorrow...
Enjoy ballet class, brother!
Honking will never make people be nice to you
I make faces underneath my mask at work
Extreme pettiness
Stupid Sis *fixed*
Wrong Number.
Bully me? I hope you enjoy having your photos posted on adult sites
Semi with a “how’s my driving” sticker finds out how he’s driving
Don't want to help out and contribute?
BIG BROTHER watches your dog shit.
Take that mom
Annoying cousin gets his world destroyed
Revenge on my Sister
Ghost me, and come back apologizing like nothing happened? Sorry not sorry.
Assault Revenge
Don't tailgate.
My Aunt Got Revenge on my 4th Grade Teacher
A wet helmet and a bollocking.
Hope you enjoy 45 seconds of extra work!
Be a bad teacher? Enjoy marking a 200-page assignment...
Someone else's petty revenge that I got blamed for
Petty revenge at bully kid
We were banned from a large trading ACNH trading sub for posting "DM for code" in our post. SO we've made our own and plan to out grow them to stick it to them for being rude to everyone just because they're a large site.
Car troubles?
Shut me out and take all the credit? You don't know what I'm capable of.
Too lazy to go to the dump
I helped someone be more productive
Petty Revenge During a Girl Scout Sleepover
You don’t let me sleep, I don’t let you sleep either
Stupid Highschool Driver Gets What He deserves
Short Story
Password Protected
The public transport DJ
Everybody's Doing It
Don't want my business, watch this.But My Phone Died Halfway!
Little sis isn’t my mother, well I’m not hers either
Sorry that you literally weren't using it.
Well, get here earlier then.
Petty revenge for denied vacation, but two of us are better off for it.
Make my bookmark fall out? Good luck in the kitchen.
Enjoy your milk
You ignore your do not cross sign, I murder your cookies.
It's Rude To Flush The Toilet Past 10pm
Steal from me? Ill make you homeless
Be a jerk for 4 years and it’ll come back on you
Kick my shins under the desk, hit your own shin on it
Life lesson.. Don't mess with people who make your food
"Friend" kicks me and ex fiance out.
Math Teacher and Continuing Revenge
not so petty revenge
Old man in new SUV gets what he deserves
Be EXTREMELY loud in the computer lab? Maybe you shouldn't forget to log off...
Disrespect me on Facebook and I’ll destroy you
Danger in the Air: Silent but Deadly
Sister stole $40 from me and leaves for college tomorrow, anything I can do?
Road rage and a petty driver
Shitty Customer at Coffeehouse
Clean my PC? But wouldn't you rather donate your car to a 503C Charity...?
douche canoe driving
Once Upon a Time, I Had a Tech-Illiterate Jerk Boss.
OK Fine, You Can Win Every Time.
My roommates were stealing everything from me. So I put hair removal cream in their shampoo and liquid laxatives in their drinks.
Give me shit when I politely tell you no thanks, waste your time
ROBLOX Tryhard gets so surprised he leaves the game
It's the tought that counts.
So I'm selling my ex's (Satan) wedding dress...
At least our car is secure
Make fun of my heelys? I'm with the girl you like.
Get signed up 3x for the same membership and company won’t cancel duplicate charges
Oops, Nearly forgot
When I was a kid, around 8, I poured a bag of chips on the ground and blamed my then step-sister causing her to get in trouble and making her cry
Paying back my disrespectful, disgusting roommate
Bully bleeds for his behavior
Can't be bothered to call a number, take a nice long wait
Don't like to teach? A box of rocks should motivate you.
Overly-strict teacher learns to pick her battles
Hay making time
OP kicks out roommate who doesn't pay the rent (And later threatens OP's life)
Don't like the way I clean up after my dog? Fine, enjoy the smell.
Cut me off, steal my parking spot making me nearly run into you and then bitch about me not being careful? Ill steal your keys, phones and wallet
avoid a fight? just strip
Bully me cuz my spine is bent in and it makes me look fat, well have fun sh*ting your self.
Park a truck in our yard and refuse to move?
Oh you got me fired? Enjoy unemployment with me.
Need revenge ideas for shitty neighbors
Petty revenge so sweet I fell asleep.
Tell me to get a real job? You don’t get to ride (:
Bully ate all of my candy, so i made her throw it all up with a revenge fart.
I will do as I please.
Cut her off then call her a fat c*nt and ask her what she can do about it?? How about what I can do about it.
TL;DR: She gave me the finger, so I reversed and maneuvered into the parking stall she wanted
Wanna slow me down? Allow me to light your way.
Vet school cheater struggles when her strategy is revealed
help for revenge
Track meet coach doesn't do his job properly, gets fired the next day.
Petty revenge on a petty revenger
In loving memory...
No I'm not taking you laptop back
Step on my life goals? Here comes the petty revenge, bitch.
My roommate keeps loudly cooking a second dinner at midnight...
Abusive grandmother dies. I laugh after hearing about her death.
Lie about me? Enjoy your Craigslist spam!
they sent me to the back of the line but I still went before them
Two ounces of cashews
"Your Just A Stupid Teenager"
Pizza shop sure showed me!
Just snitched on this guy, cops are on their way lol (link in comments)
Nobody likes pee except you, dickwad
Quick question. Is it illegal to ship a box of cat shit to somebody that scammed you out of $500? Asking for a friend
Cutting off my neighbor's AC.
What to do about neighbors?
Call a child names get adult payback
Tinder date stood me up
Abandon me at work? Enjoy family un-friendly movies.
Litter bug smoker gets his bicycle toasted
Take advantage of me? I'll make you cry and get you suspended.
WhatsApp group chat revenge
HOA garbage can rule trashed for a year and counting
Make my waterpolo practice hell? Have fun in jail sex offender
My Grandpa, the Faithful Asshole
My mom's adventure at the post office
NeverToo Late for Revenge
Getting back at my judgmental roommate.
Its a 'mobile' phone
Kiss your grade goodbye
Cheating gf
I share a bible with r/pettyrevenge which has "Made 'Em Pay," so to speak. "Make 'Em Pay," by George Hayduke. The ultimate guide from the master tricksters
Mock me for more than a year? Here's something to be mocked about (by me!)
Accountant's petty revenge.
Dog Crap
Everyone knows I like my parking spot
강남오피&amp;퍼스트《연산오피》『BAm』『WAr』 1 0 『COm』홍제오피ㅣ▷ 밤워 ◁ㅣ
Pull forward so I can turn right
Breaking My Neighbor's Stuff For a Friend
Noisy late night upstairs neighbor, I hope you enjoy my early morning vacuuming.
Stay in your lane, homie.
Lock me out of our room? Enjoy your stale chips
My boss accused me of lying about doing particular duties on a job so I gave her number to many sms text alert spam sites
My boyfriend's step dad visited us for a couple days
You don't pay me? I'll tell your mum you're skipping school
Lie To Get Free Pizza? Enjoy the “Do-Not-Deliver” List!
Anyone getting sick of these Netflix posts?
Won't Do The Dishes?
vladmirfinance0@gmail.com
The computer thinks you're old.
Bully me, and I will suspend you
Just 3 short? Aww, too bad. Maybe if your grandmother was nice, I would have been too.
This sub is like walking away from an argument and thinking "I should have said this"
Socks. How hard can it be?
Smug imbeciles brag that they did better than us in a competition
Want to be a shitty roommate, go ahead?
Just made someone's brat cry
Steal my Hue Lights? Enjoy your new, earlier wake up time!
I Just Want My Stolen Money Back
What happens when you throw things at us in the common room.
Being a bitch to my dog
Assistant quits job without notice and interviews at another office of mine
Honk at me for driving slowly? Have fun waiting a little longer.
Petty cat revenge.
Because everybody loves a good “F*ck you, I quit!” story.
Go ahead, take that "parking spot"
Don’t bully my friends.
Be annoying? Enjoy *déjà vu*.
“Don’t you know how to put a customer on the back burner?”
I hope you like carpet!
25 mph seems about right.
Express Lane Etiquette
Joys of being a surgical nurse!
No signal lane change and a socially conservative party bumper sticker?
My sister borrowed my sparkling truck and left me with her filthy Porsche Cayman, so I perfectly cleaned *half* of it
Treat me like poop, get poop on you vertical blinds.
Disrespecting financial support of a clan went wrong!
Enjoy the music, pricks
Change the schedule mid-week and hold me responsible? Well, I guess I better make sure I know when I work.
A sick persons revenge
Want to be a lazy ass and make me do all of your work? Say goodbye to your bonus for the month
Speakerphone in public? Well, now we all know.
You want to borrow stuff from me after being rude? I don't think so!
Annoying Tailgater Gets What's Coming!
3 Days
I need help!!!!
Want to keep bumming smokes? Enjoy the temporary speech impediment.
Revenge of The Cheerleaders (then us. Then the cheerleaders again)
Treat me like an object? Taste your own medicine
I'll just make a user use Linux
I'm getting some petty revenge on my coworkers by not really doing anything to begin with.
Hidden Phone
I ate YOUR chocolate?
Trash for the trash
Don't want to let me have my small victory, eh?
Neighbours from hellCo-workers go nuts over hidden coffee
Want to cut in line? Enjoy waiting even longer.
What to do if you're tired of your neighbor growing outdoor marijuana near your yard.
Bump me on the subway
Potato Chip Justice
Be a bunch of jerks, have fun re-doing your wiring!
Scammer had all his info public, so I messaged his mother
General pettiness on the bus.
Cut me off? Enjoy a nice call to your boss.
Not sure if petty or borderline criminal, you decide.
Call me a know-it-all? No knowledge for you!
The pen is mightier than the vest
Absolutely no cares given...
Revenge with one little word
Don't make me bring your clothes to school
Public bathroom lights.
Hateful bumper stickers? Let me just fix those for you
Don't serve yourself to other people's food.
REVENGE REQUEST: SPAM villa441 xboxwith messages
Please do it
Not paying my roommates a penny towards utilities and internet.
getting back at my lazy older brother
Shit Neighbors get What's Coming
You bully me, I pee on your stuff.
Doctors are too good to take out their own trash? Let me take care of that for you.
Old Friend Is Actually An Prick - So I Give Her a Taste of Revenge
Take money from me, I'll take money from you.
Interrupt my exam? Good luck trying to breath.
Entitled Kid demands he has my Chromebook, but life doesn’t work that way
Would you like to speak to the owner?
Don’t want to pay me back for stealing my things? No problem you can pay some fines instead!
Be decent to your customer.
An interesting petty post
Girls can’t play four squareA Story About Ice Cream
No croutons for you!
Today my bully got his lesson!
I have a ‘petty’ jacket. A big reason I brought it was because I saw my ex best friend wanted it but it fits like a glove and I have a little eat my ass smile every time I wear it
Slow internet? Let me fix that for you!
This is really good
Petty revenge on a noisy housemate
Takeaway Time? Nope.
Let me Freshen that Air for you, Boss Lady!
Endanger My dogs, fuck your vacuum
Back it up lady.
Rude customer in a rush is forced to wait for her damn door knocker
dumb sluts beware...
Manager told me to hurry up, so I made him wait even longer
Don't try to take advantage of the smart kid. He will outsmart you.
Petty and immature, but a satisfying result. Well worth it.
Revenge on horrible old bar customers.
Make me eat my gross vitamins? Eat your least favorite chip flavor.
Guy keeps parking in out parking spot...
"Sorry, I cant find your layby"
Good bye, bad neighbors, you weren't missed.
Entitled customers at movie theaters
Parking and peace.
Paid EXACT CHANGE for her pizza.
Video Store Revenge (xpost from Tales From Retail)
A bit of advice
This is why you shouldn't ditch a pregnant girl
Toilet Paper Petty Revenge
Don't like my cats but let your dog crap on my lawn - game on.
Don’t want to wait for me to cross the street? Have fun waiting for me to pick up my papers
Enjoy your daily slight annoyance for being dicks
I stalked my brother with soda
You spent years tormenting me and I'm done, officially!
That time I went from Goldilocks to Mama Bear.
Good luck solving the unsolvable Rubik's cube
Not revenge yet, but more a case of should I do it...
No even numbers for you
My bestfriend and Girlfriend wanted to fuck my life over
Verbally abuse a potential buyer? Rise and shine with your new wake up call.
Islanders take revenge on evil restaurant in SavannahHit on my girlfriend? Give me sugary treats motherfucker.
Petty revenge on Comcast
Dear Boss,
r/pettyrevenge: what I did to my brother and got away with it
Don't give a crap? Here, let me donate one.
Parking lot shenanigans
Eye for an eye against noisy neighbors
Sleazy mechanic wants to lie about fixing my smoking exhaust? Oh, let me park right next to the window to your front office...
You beat me up? Have a good talk to the police
"lets trip the chubby girl as she turns the corner"
Stop and smell the roses
Don’t catch an attitude with someone clearly trying to help you
Post-man throws my package at my doorstop, I give him more work.
Don't you interrupt my study time
Indian Scammer Tries To Lock My Computer - I Destroy His Call Center
Shit talker banned for being to young
Maybe don't park in front of someone's garage!
To my ALWAYS humming co-worker in the bay next to me..
You wanna take money from me? Fine.
Internet Tech support got petty revenge on me
Douchemobile gets barbiefied
Petty Movie Theater Revenge
Time for some change
earrape time.
Wheelie bin revenge ideas
Let's take a walk down memory lane
Litter Bug
My neighbours almost killed my dog.
Thought this may be appreciated here
Petty revenge goes nuclear.
You don't mess with a man's water.
Ruin my BBQ with a drug-fueled freakout? You will never see your shoes again
Co-worker Revenge
Nobody Expects the First Floor Gargoyle
Pick up linesA bosses son in law.
I'll do what you say, boss
Asshole tailgates me, gets his comeuppance.
Lost items go to the police station? Fine. Guess you don't need your keys then
Help me get my literary revenge!
Old School BBS Game Revenge
Light jalapeños? Gotcha
Twas the night before Christmas and my phone was almost out of minutes...
Triangle jail
Bully Me? Okay, enjoy spam emails.
Please unsubscribe me.
I Guess I’ll Just Find A New “Garbage Bin”
Socks where?!?
Sheriff's office gets owned.
Touch my clothes, your laundry won’t be fully dry
My 13 year old’s petty revenge when my dad jokes and pranks get out of hand
Mismatched socks
Eat my brownies once? Shame on you. Eat my brownies twice, cayenne will burn you.
I need help I got the phone number of my childhood bully can you guys spam them 7380630258 and +1 (425) 241-9702
Littering A-hole
I waited two years for this petty revenge and it was AWESOME
No caffeine for you, rude woman!
Teacher Makes me do every homework assignment twice, so I steal from her.
Mormons avoid my house now.
A Kevin gets pissed that I get my food before him.
Getting a 'refund' from a con man
steal my book, well peep this
I can't enjoy my dumb humor? Have fun with your demerit!
Employee quits my already understaffed restaurant 2 hours before shift
Professor catches a smarmy student slippin’
Businessman think he's too good for the rest of us
Bully me and call me retarted enjoy an ice ball to the face
Anyone wanna help me make my ex jealous? 😅
Rotten Tomatoes
I'm a disgusting human being but it was worth it.
Junk In The Trunk
Poked in the ribs at a buffet
THIS SICK FUCK MOLESTED MY DAUGHTER AT CIRCLE K IN PHOENIX AZ YESTERDAY
Got my bully expeled
Neighbour stole my mail, police can't do anything.
I hope it hurts when you hear my name
A day in trade for a game.
Mmm boring game just wanna get more income
I'm still proud of this
Won’t stop eating all my snacks? Fine, I’ll make sure you can’t eat them.
I feel so evil
don't piss me off or I'll have to PISS you off too - literally
Steal important things from me? what goes around comes around!
My friend said shit I didn't say
Keep your stuff in your own space!
Don't be naive like I did.
Fishing revenge on Karen
Noisy neighbours get paid in kind.
Awesome revenge on an asshole roommate
1 drop at me = 1000 drops back
Steal My shampoo, Pay for it literally for 15 years
You're going to screw me over on the group project? You best be prepared.
How I cost my step father Business with a simple piece of white tape!
Parental victory
Friend destroyed Game of Thrones viewing party on Sunday
Yes, I'm a Parking Fascist and My Revenge is sweet
Hope you're arm hair hurts
You keep getting fatter, while I'm shrinking.
Gonna be a bitchy bitch? Get bitten by an insect.
My experience with a crazy lady
My girlfirnds liveing says no to bird hmm ok?
Neighbours dumped construction garbage on my property.
Aardvark Inspections Screwing People
Book Cover Revenge - a followup
thotimus prime asked me to get her fries
Don't mess with the crew.
Skunk them up
Roommate left me with all the bills... It cost her
So you like running Stop signs? Fine but you’re not having that parking spot.
The slow downfall of Brenda the Bitch is officially in progress.
I have a question about how to get revenge on someone
Petty tailgater revenge
Revenge for a cheating exboyfriend!
HELP!!! Is there any device to create a CONSTANT HIGH PITCHED BEEPING NOISE through walls or floors?
Ma'am. I really am telling you this for your sake, not mine. We don't have band-aids and you can't smoke here.
HOA President goes back on his word
Told a guy I'd rather burn my notebook than give it to him
Smoke on the water. well under it.
You want to waste my time...hope you have a few reams of paper handy.
I did not come to act as a waiter
Wake me up at 3 a.m. when I have a class at 8? Okay, I'll wake you up extra early on a day you don't have class!
Mess with my lunch and I mess with yours.
Popcorn goes well with revenge...
Be unreasonably bitchy just because you have to share? Have fun stressing over your lost phone.
Enjoy your lopsided pizza
A Gentleman’s Duty
Don't want to pay your share for a TV license? That's fine.
Pettiness that stayed with me for years...
With a smile
My girlfriend gets upset when I clean my shoes off on her welcome mat, even though that's half the point of the welcome mat.
Spinning her right round
Don't fuck with my parking space and I won't fuck with you
Another lap around the airport? Sure.
I'll only be a few minutes
Steal my cards will you?
Don't throw your gloves on the ground!
Noisy neighbors when I try to sleep
please don't park in my driveway
Anjelica Huston Says Oprah Winfrey 'Won't Talk to Me' Since Beating Her at the Oscars in 1985
dont go to stop 13th on salamina,greece
I trick my middle school bully into failing a test
Don’t cut in line, ya big jerk.
Kentucky Fried Revenge
Spank me... enjoy being kicked in the balls on daily bases
"He Hasn't been working here very long has he?"
Be rude? Enjoy your pee, poop, and jeopardized relationship.
Thanks for my deposit back, and then some
Bully me for years, then ask me to make a program to cheat on your final? I have no problem with that...
Scalper charging way too much for a ticket to an already sold out show gets scammed in revenge by a fan
Shed a tear for me my friend
Shit Neighbor Gets
I accidentally sent a kid to the hospital from what started as just sending him off balance after he took my hoverboard.
You want respect? I'll give you respect.
Girl down the hall is acting like a 12 year old
Make Fun of my Suicidal Thoughts? Good Luck Winning Prom Queen
A crazy neighbor stole my fish so I pooped on their porch... Yeah.
Unintentional revenge on a county cop
Secret Sauce with a touch of spice!
Reserved parking
Car alarm revenge.
He Beat Me To It
Loser buys the cake. Sure, but we will set the route...
Ignorant customer
I just destroyed my older brother
"Hey muchacha!"
Screw you toilet paper Karen
Lane splitting isn't legal, you say?
Homophobic? Shop elsewhere.
Sarcastic and Annoying? ... Enjoy Your Wait Time
Always be nice to your Barista
Friend's petty revenges on abusive ex
Tried to push me so hard into a sale, that he pushed me next door
Who's watching now!
The loud lan party..
If your kid messes with my kid and then messes with me I guarantee I will be an asshole
Create self-aggrandizing ego-inflating nonsense? Hope you enjoy more nonsense!
Vending machine steals my money. I decide there will be no more victims.
Running into Childhood Bully Later in Life
Ringworm Revenge
Best revenge for my drunk DAD!!!
I was here first!
No TP at Circle K.
Manager shows my work off as hers, Humiliated on front of CEO
My mother keeps the cold callers on line
Try to use me and my ex wife you but ruined your own
Got conned out of a pen.
Old lady wants to get me in trouble over a pancake order...ok then
Zoom past me and drive like an asshole, now you gotta pay...
Be an asshole on the road? I will make the next hour painful for you.
Douche bag parks car infront of our garage.
Screw up the judging process of an event I've spent months preparing for? Hope you don't need any of these pens.
You want to call me fat? Have fun with your deleted Facebook account.
Turnstiles of revenge
Some revenge on my racist landlord.
Harass me on the Road? Hope you aren't in a hurry.
post!
Oops, I upset my Brother's Routine
Almost run me over? I cut your stolen cable.
Peer talks down to you? Eat their food!
I am Karma and Karmas a bitch!
Customer felt entitled to a discount, lost more money than she thought she would
Bully regrets beting whit me..
Petty prank
You sniff my ass? I fuck multiple pigs.
Petty Housemate Revenge
Made a bully mad by ignoring him
You just got ICED
Hide my shoes? Hide everything you own...
My ex-boyfriend was a slovenly pig who regularly trashed our home.
I hope your ears hurt.
The Cold Call; or How I Used Silence To Drive A Grown Man Crazy
Friend gets robbed, tracks the guy down
Public transport petty revenge
College employee is rude to a bunch of band kids for no reason - I got him chewed out by his boss.
Kung Yi Fat Choy
What goes around...
You want mushrooms, huh? Oh, you'll get mushrooms…on my terms.
My kid stepped on his own Lego.
How I may have cost a coworker her job
Close friend refuses to do minuscule favor for me, tables turned a few months later
Another post about someone messing up names.
I'm lactose intolerant and my brother made me drink milk, so I gave him a taste of his own medicine
Yeah, my face didn't need a nose anyway.
Sociopath ex-roommate's mail? Return to sender.
I think this belongs here. Dude sticks it to towing company by paying his fine in pennies; cops are called, they take the towee's side.
Pettiest Revenge on earth
Have fun being late to work tomorrow
Hot sauce revenge
Lie to my face? No internet for you.
Be a shitty person and I'll plunge a shitty plunger to your door
Losing Instagram followers
Park in the walk way? Enjoy having to move a cart.
I wasted 25 minutes of a telemarketer's time. Now I need your help!
Don't play "chicken" with me you little shit...
Act like a bitch for loaning you my car? Here's all your garbage, just like you asked.
Bad roommate! No music for you!
When flattened tires turn into creative therapy
Just Do Your Job
petty smokers gets what they deserve.
You wanna fuck me over on this week's cleaning duties? Have fun throwing anything away for the next week.
I got bullied for a year, so i made the people that bullied me make me cake for a year.
Finally taking a stand against my brother's shit
Plan my abuse? Your corpse will pay the price
Do you want salt with that? (or never piss the waitress off)
The first time I ever got back at my bullies.
Have my piece of crap car towed? Well how do you like this.
Run a red light? I can wait for you.
Check out my montage,if you like it pls like and subscribe
Lease Signature Revenge.
My Guard Unit Got Activated after 9/11
Road rage - all about the small victories
Don't text and drive.
A small revenge on my part
Refuse to wear headphone when gaming an night? Have fun walking up and down stairs
Be a dick to me? It'll cost ya.
Revenge REQUEST: My friend posted some shit on my Facebook (I left it open), I have his phone number
I'm tired, don't lecture me.
Bio Teacher
Do it yourself!
Siblings try to take the Xbox, so I take the batteries.
I divided my payment method to cash + credit card because they love to take 2 cents from me!
Leave me out to dry, you can find the manager yourself.
(Petty) Revenge is a bed best served cold
Bloody maxi-pad revenge.
Clasmates do NOTHING during project, I give them ZERO time to prepare, they embarass themselves and I get RUIN their project grade.
Try to push through to the front of the plane? Have fun getting off last.
Don't flirt with my underage boyfriend and expect to keep your job
Classic petty revenge
You're going to keep me up all night screaming? K
Make snide comments about my fiance? Ok then
My aunt
Be a dick on a plane? How's that book you're reading?
When I worked at a pizza place
NSFW Late to a shitty job, brother to a snarky sister. And I will have my vengeance this week or the next.
Don't mess with my lawn.
Revenge is a dish best served cold with a side of caviar.
I’m a horrible girl
That attitude will get you places!
Came close to rolling my truck off a cliff plowing and the customers check bounced then they refused to pay
I wonder who called the Health Dept?
Oops, I must have heard you wrong; my bad.
You don't know the meaning of petty, Nick. Not yet, at least. -Me, circa eight years ago
Accidental Candy Revenge
Don't poke the bear, the bear knows where to hit you the hardest
VERY petty revenge against asshole customer
Shove my arm off the arm-rest ehhh?
Petty revenge in its truest form
Cancel my flight, will you?
Get cocky in a school election? Be ready to lose
Be a jerk to pretty much everyone? Good luck trading anything!
Homophobic teacher gets PWNED!
Caused a racist to have road rage and rear end another car
Gg
Insult my dept? Clean up after yo'self!
Using a bratty girls words against herself
This is why we don't use battery powered locks at school.
30 hours of unpaid work, totally worth refusing to be pushed around
Sabotaged my Own Card Game Partner
I was trying to impress a girl today, so I took revenge on a creeper on behalf of the girl's friend.
It's fine if you do not have patience! I have plenty!
Loud music all night? Enjoy Rick Astley.
Maybe the smallest of victories, but a victory nonetheless
Give me back my book, ya dick
Science Teacher Ignores Me, I Get Petty
Toilet seat snobbery
Banged a dude in the house whose landlord swore on her life to never let me get in again
The case of the stolen parking spot (X-Post from a comment thread yesterday)
Not a "cash register child"
Won’t take the trash out? Okay, now you try living with it.
Ticket me for having a bell on my bike? Enjoy getting the shit scared out of you.
Don't mess with my cardio, old man.
Won't put stuff away? Then I will. And I will do a really shitty job on purpose.
Fuck you, that's my parking spot.

I hope your bedsheets were real effing sticky
Shouldn't have eaten my food.
Tim Minchin's "Thank You God"
Scarring the shit out of a thief
I quit my job today, and left a parting gift that will haunt them for years to come.
Your Face Will Get Stuck
Petty Revenge against school bully.
It's your birthday then? So what?
It's like a game of leap frog mixed with tag.
Revenge on teacher with superiority complex
Neighbor refused to turn music down.
Relentless woman's group
Make Fun Of My Dad? Enjoy Some Embarrassment!
Revenge on my "anonymous" bully
Trump will be arrested for a lifetime of criminality.
Don't you just love it when their 'win' is really yours?
Cheating grandfather gets breakfast 20 minutes late
Kid stabbed me with a pencil because of a misunderstanding (Not sure why this keeps getting deleted automatically)
Young and Stupid
A woman in car accident refuses to exchange insurance, Revenge is taken.
Don't text and drive
FedEx tries to cheap out. Petty Revenge prevails.
Wife Stealing My Socks and Posting on Reddit
You wanna move my clothes?
Sorry Princess.
No pie for your spawn!
Guy continuously messes with me on the road (while he's texting and driving), then slams into another car, causing a three-car accident.
Let the law dish out the revenge for you
Does it smell nice now?
Petty revenge at McDonald's
Don't pay me back for vacation? Don't expect me to get you discount for your room.
Lazy Uni student worker gets creepy. I get even.
If you make your schedule MY schedule, I'll make YOUR schedule mine as well
DESTIN PETS Jeffer is now available Breed &gt; pomsky Age &gt; 11 weeks old Sex &gt; female Registered &gt; yes Potty-trained &gt; yes Price &gt; $450 Shipping &gt; free delivery Hit me up on Kik henriette clough or DM me here, you are welcome
I met the kid who beat me up almost every day for 2 years.
Oh, so you say this is not your car?...
DDoSed by a skript kiddy, so I called his parents and got him grounded
Don't yell at me in the bathroom. You'll get angry farts.
Tell me to kill myself? i take your dog
Petty Revenge in the Form of Ice Cream
Making every dollar count.
How I got back at my asshole teacher...
Shitty Roommate? Mind if I just mooch off you?
Dog sh!
Taking out 3 birds with one bird
Karma's a real bitch for the customer from hell
Fat neighbourhood bully used to take our food and allowance daily when we were 7
Revenge by gourds
Stiff me? Bend over!
Revenge on annoying coworker and I didn't have to lift a finger.
How's it feel?
Hot sauce roomate.
Unplanned Gym Teacher Revenge
Work Me Like a Peon? Say Bye-Bye to Your Peonies.
Steal my cab? I will find you.
Start yelling before I offer to pay the difference? Now you pay even more.
Wanna drive drunk? Well enjoy the musical accompaniment as you’re arrested
Small revenge on a prankster
Board game revenge.
Icy Revenge
Offer me a job then ghost me? Enjoy Puppy Bombs
Making my sisters day that little bit worse
I ignore my best friend for two months who had a huge crush on me
You don't need to put up adverts every few steps.
Put your car's butt in front of my driveway? Huh, would you look at the grass...
Screwing around with an Indian scam call ends up perfect from a 14 year olds perspective.
This guy jas been pissing us off lately and we meed some of the pettiest ways to piss him off.
I may be escalating a feud immaturely
Think you can cut into the only grocery line? Joke is on you.
Break into my car? Have fun digging through trash before getting arrested.
Summer interns
Good luck playing beer pong with no table.
Go go power announcements
Make a mess at MY house? You gon' learn today!
On a scale of 1- petty how petty was this
This isn't a story but my ex girlfriend had cheated on me 6 times 2 of which were with some of my "best friends" and when i would go to dump her she'd manipulate me into staying with her by threatening to take her life. Any ideas on how I can get revenge on her or can somebody help me?
Putting an end to snow sculpture destruction
Don't be in such a hurry
My boyfriend friend is using his uber without permission. He doesn't know we know. What do we do?
Zumba Vs. Yoga
The bicycle basement is for everyone...
Uncaring "Grandpa" Tricked into Destroying his Car Keys
My wife squeezes the toothpaste in the middle...
So I put my doors in the middle of my room.
Should I be petty?
Dropped my roommate out of all her classes.
Lower the thermostat? I'll remove the buttons
How do those turds feel between your toes?
So you think it's ok to play your music through your headset so an entire game lobby can hear it? Not today
Never betray me.
Got an annoying couple kicked out of theater last night
Help me decide if I should be petty. My stepdad is an asshole and I am a nursing student.
Some times it helps to call law enforcement
I one-uped your passive aggressiveness, my sweet husband.
Grocery stores are the pettiest places
Set your shit in my friends spot and walk away? Good luck finding your page
Help! A buddy needs suggestions on getting his own petty revenge.
Not sure what he thought I would do on the way out.
Showed up unannounced to get my Comic Books back
Lady tries to get a free meal and pays double instead.
McDonald's Drive Thru Cutter
Shoot me while I'm tabbed out? Enjoy your time out.
The Sausage Is Spicy
Want to splurge on yourself before paying for your financial obligations? Well have fun trying to use your new toy now.
Petty Revenge - One Single Digit
Screw with the schedule to suit your needs? Be prepared to take out the trash.
Beggars Can't be Choosers
Can't talk back to the customers
Petty in the Post office.
Overcharge foreign students with no explanation in China, well enjoy this last payment.
I enjoy sleeping in. Hope you do too.
Sibling revenge! (slightly NSFW)
How Bikers get Revenge
My girlfriend cheated on me just before my birthday. I calmly got my revenge
my gf crazy ex-boyfriend
"someone will be thinking of me today..."
Be a shitty group member and a nazi? Time to get expelled from university
Bully felt me up in class so I got him suspended.
Yooooouuuuuuuu!!!!
Transferring calls to lines with never ending hold music
Shitbag in a Honda
Let's play a game called 'Bait the Security!' Oh, I win, yay!
Out of my DMs with you!
Innocent Ex-gf revenge plan.
Swimming pool "king" gets his shower time ruined after pissing off a lot of other people.
Bus driver helped me get petty revenge.
Spoiled brat gets her comeuppance: laundry style
Bitter old woman next door better like snow.
Try to upgrade yourself? No thankyou.
This entire song.
I whip my hair back and forth
Wanna make fun of our team and our town? Pay the price
Don't send me a Visa Gift Rewards card and block it from working in 50 places.
I just wanted some clams!
Don't taunt in front of me!
Left me no space to get out? Hope you're bumper cracked.
Accuse me of cheating? Better watch your data usage...
Impatience can often lead to waiting even longer
If you are going to cheat, do it better.
Try to embarrass me and undermine my position? Nice trt
If you want to send unsolicited dick pics to strangers, why not share them with your family too?
Yell at me, no cash back for you.
Good night sister
Hurt my foot on some camo metal glasses, revenge was never so sweet
Scam free pizza, get free toppings
Take that, low down dirty stealer.
Make a bitchy comment? Fuck your keychain and your stupid pin.
Mock me while I'm working? I'll make you wait.
This kid was talking shit about my sister in class...
The best revenge is the one they never know about
School District Improvement
Theatre employee steals phone and tries to sell on Facebook group.
Road rage ended in t-boning a parked cop
Beep when I'm backing enjoy an inconvenience
I'm sure you think you've got a lot of office space...
What should I do?
Almost got hit by a car
Would this be pro or petty revenge
Bitch about my husband? Enjoy your warm yogurt.
Rude customer gets their Tesla Model X order canceled by Elon Musk himself.
Ignore me? Have fun getting dressed.
Question about Rule 11
My neighbor's tree almost killed me. He didn't care. My best petty revenge thus far.
Roommate Revenge on an Ongoing Basis
Everyone is getting cancer because I smell like cig smoke
Don't treat your dishwashers like shit, or you're going to have a bad day tomorrow.
Stop teasing my ethnicity or I would make you
Terrorize my teammates? Let's see how you like it.
I hate you Mark
Slowly but surely rescuing my friend from his grandmother
Don't steal my milk
Change of attitude
Child locks for the (pettiest) win!
And it was just cleaned too...
8 year old me enjoying some petty revenge.
Don't mess with gluten free
Future roommates trying to kick me out of my own house, help plan my next move
Be careful what you ask for...
Teach this cheating skank a lesson
Charles.
6 months of Photoshop
Wanna leave me notes?
Cause me to lose my job? Bad idea.
Make me clean off the toilet seat every day?
Who’s got you precious car now?
Give me 5 minutes, will you?
What goes around, comes around: A story of petty revenge on a bad, bad client
Steal My Wallet? Enjoy getting caught literally red-handed and losing your job
When petty revenge turns into petty theft
I did everything and you refused. So...
Email Alert of Doom
10 year old gets sweet revenge against class bully
Wanna be a crappy manager? Get a petty employee.
My neighbors dog's bark/scream all day every day and it's slowly driving me insane.
Thanks for cheating on me!
Enjoy those moldy sprinkles.
Nasty Woman at the supermarket
Ridicule Me For My Interests? That "Interest" is Now Your Life For a Day
Dick of a friend
Want to play a game? Self checkout revenge.
my dick of a sister
Lady yells at me about my luggage on a flight
Target me in computer class? Feel my wrath.
I need help getting back at a kid that may have halted a relationship between me and my crush.
Mama bear delivers sweet petty revenge against a 8 year old bully.
Don't bully the trainee
The Art of Sabotage in a Restaurant
Cheaters never prosper
Merging into a single lane is never fun.
call and text this number, she is evil
Abuse my google assistant? enjoy all your favorite commands being replaced by All Star.
Jerk's wife dies, time to take action
The Porn Bomb
annoying bird gets punched
To the guy's who girlfriend was a librarian, you got off easy.
You won't let me out? Suffer the consequences.
I will bleed all over you and the stains will never come out
Mess With My Group I Destroy Your Company
2 new coworker rivalry.
Don't try to pass people in turn lanes!
How's your milk?
Be a sleazy, lying, cheating bastard? Say goodbye to your precious hair.
Revenge on an slum lord.
Airport line cutter sweet sweet petty revenge from 12 year old me.
Required Reading
Ignore the schedule? Then drown in angry customers and burgers
Tell embarrassing story about me? There will be blood.
Piers Morgan has been pied in the face by comedian Harry Hill as revenge for the "Papoose-Gate" where he had a go at Daniel Craig being a good Dad
Karma
Wrong number revenge story
Thank you for Finally!! breaking up with me.
Ex cheated on me
Whoops sorry didn't mean to spill my coffee buddy.
Classmate smacks me in the head, and now i make his face itch like crazy.
Petty revenge backfires on big sis.
Got in trouble at school
Landlord sold his apartment
Don't want to listen to me in English? Let's try Spanish instead
Not in my garage
Best petty revenge is charitable petty revenge
Want me to refund your purchase instead because you're a cheapo? Lose more money then.
Our " London Bridge experience" revenge
Teacher tries to tell me I wasn’t sick, and tries to fail me
I don't have a choice huh?
Be a jerk to me? Crushed groceries for you!
Alright alright alright
Text messaging the scammers
Lean back on my legroom, lose your head hairs ya badlie fuck.
I called OSHA on my previous employer who refused to give me my promised raise.
Petty revenge failure.
Spill soda on my seat? Enjoy the game.
Don't do your part of the project? Don't worry I'll take care of it. (Long)
Could I get in legal trouble for throwing cat litter all over a person's room?
...And now your pie shall be naked.
Sibling petty revenge had opposite effect
Passing it on
Nickel and dimed.
A black woman gets her whole office to troll a racist co-worker! (and then she tweeted about it)
Repeatedly disrespect my girlfriend? I don't think so...Annoying my cousin's husband.
Pretending to be a scammer to prank me? Get pranked back until you change your phone number
Hope you like losing your nipples and elbows..
I am the manager
Company I was working for tried to fuck over my extremely ill dad.
Shitty college roommate gets the shits
He was cocky so i knoked him down
i believe i found the second most cancerous subreddit
Non lethal contact poison?
Update: No poptarts? No lemon.
Petty revenge on a perpetually late friend
call me with your loudest Chewbacca impression
Not gonna take care of the bullying, expect to deal with the repercussions
Hit on my underage sister ,ok enjoy the bad reviews
Entitled asses try to steal my seat, and end up smelling like liquid ass for a few days.
I hope you enjoy your economy sleep!
Steal my table? Enjoy the smell!
I have my ex boss’s dog’s ashes sitting in the trunk of my car
Psycho exgirlfriend is psycho.
Bully me? Have fun being suspended and failing middle school.
He'll never know why I smile when I pour him a drink.
Luxury apartment maintenance worker looking for revenge
Wet notes make your bartenders' hands wet, slow down service, soak the other cash in the register and piss me off.
Slander another worker? Don't think I'll cover for you.
Using me to babysit your kids while you cheat on me.. look out ..
You Want Paperwork? She’s Got Paperwork
Bully Steals a Friend, Gets Expelled for Good
Overcompensating manager now needs a ladder.
So you want to get out the passing lane for your exit to Harrisburg?
"Why don't I get heat??"
Friend kept taking my toothbrush.
Another person too lazy to throw out trash
Should probably pay attention to something other than riding my ass
Smelly dog farts
made sure he didn't save any money
Me vs Dollar Store version of The Craft.
Be rude, you can wait a little longer in line
Make me pay for a required headset? How about you pay for it?
Have too many revenge based subreddits? Well I'll just merge them and get the best of all worlds
Group partner fell asleep, so I made her come to school when class was canceled
Steal my cake? Enjoy your bad dessert.
My teacher hated me, so I made a “mess” in her classroom.
Bump my mirror, will you?
Bombard my phone with your vile "jokes" get your phone number plastered all over the internet.
Petty Revenge on Roommate
Keep drinking my stuff, get a surprise
Slow down!
Won't switch me one shift, then you talk shit about me? Have fun bitching about your NEW late night shifts bitch.
Manager gets his favorite smell
Take my friend's ID? No worries, we'll drink in your bar anyway.
HELP: I need some revenge ideas.
Clean your shoes!
Need a lift?
#EffJames!
NO "AND THEN"!
no pants for you!
Enjoy your half dried clothes.
Ignore me when I tell you not to put your card in. Have fun waiting for the till to "unfreeze"
As a waiter...
You ditch, I snitch.
piss me off? call my depressed, abused young friend, a hoe and a slut? ok...
Tailgate me with your brights on? I've got a solution for that.
Think she'll run a red light again?
Started as a vacation, ended rubbing onion on toothbrushes
I see another two!
Don't tell me how to make coffee.
Make Me Clean Your Period Blood from the Shower, Get Socked
Mom Embarrassed by The Thought of Her Kid Needing a Lifejacket. The Men of her Party Gets Revenge for this Kid.
"I have two rules in my classroom."
Enjoy your drive!
A slow and methodical almost coup
Racist substitute gets soaked and humiliated
Went full mama bear mode
Custody of the salt and pepper mills
Take THAT Comcast!
Final Petty on Cheating Boyfriend
I’m not going to write your key words for our presentation, pull your own weight for once!
Girl Expected Cupcake After Throwing a Rock at Me
I got revenge on my cousin in the best way. X-post from EntitledParents
I know you stole my ping pong ball.
The car tyre slasher.
I game my cousin.
Wtf I just wanna mine some iron
Slow and steady wins the petty
I received some very well-earned petty revenge from by brother and father.
Some one stole my laundry card
Didn't share her desk so I took away her internet.
Hope you like it in the back pheasant
Screw my business over? I’ll screw your out of your parking spot (and maybe your job)
Follow for follow
Need help coming up with petty revenge on boss
I hear your shitty rap music, Now listen to my Psy Trance.
Just wait til you get home...
Christmas Ornaments and the Long Game
Self Centered and Arrogant Father in Law Mows Over Last Set of Car Keys
I've spent 10 years slowly framing my horrible, incredibly homophobic great-aunt as an ally
Guy prints out his bully's mugshot and puts it on shirts, gives all the profits from shirt sales to St. Jude's Children's Hospital and gives all the shirts to local homeless so the bully has to see them everywhere.
Passive Aggression has done me wrong
How to deal with loud floormates: when revenge is the slow path
Fucking Neighbor let his dog shit in front of my house and I stepped in it.
I'm going to let it drip forever!
I can't stand my neighbor
Big wig manager complains that employees ate his leftovers from lunch, which were left in the company kitchen. He later tries to crash our going away potluck.
Keep me awake girls? Enjoy your 1D
A 5 Year Old's Revenge
If I am willing to deal with the fallout, is it illegal to put these signs in my upstairs apartment window along a fairly busy street? MI
Rude to me on a regular basis? Enjoy becoming self-conscious and aware of your own mortality.
How my boyfriend repaid his boss's crap with literal crap.
Analytical Lab Revenge
No bacon for cutters!
I tried being professional about this
Someone took his parking spot - so he put the snow back
Trolled my 1.5 year old
You think your sister is annoying for fidgeting? You clearly have never met me!
let your dog in my yard? I let your dog roll in cat shit
Your mean, so you miss out
Germophobe Customer
But I was AGREEING with you!
I can’t fly a plane simulator... but that worked in my favor. UwU
Complain about the noise? That's rich coming from you!
Nice shoes you have there.
Barking dog
Request for revenge inspiration
IRS scam and how I made them internet famous
Imply that I'm autistic? Watch me do a better job than you.
Mary, Mary, quite contrary...
My arachnophobic roommate and his friends were drinking before a night out a the kitchen and broke my stuff. This is what will be waiting for him when he returns...
My coworkers were belittling assholes and I was in charge of making coffee, so every once in a while I would use decaf in the “regular” pot and they would complain of headaches all day. Sweet revenge.
Unremorsefully cut and took my gas pump? Don't be surprised to see an odd key scratch on that pretty paint
Sour Kisses
Veterans Affairs wouldn't give me what was owed, now they pay me for life.
Neighbours part 2
Jackassery is aerodynamic
Take up two parking spaces on a busy parking lot? Okay...
Double parked rudeness, karma bites.
Petty Potty Pout
Sis gets revenge on EX
Wanna be sexist? Get ready for a long shift
Don’t be inconsiderate at gas pumps!
Steal my headphones? prepare for hell.
Guy tries to pick up my GF + takes her phone --&gt; hope you have warm clothes
The Pencil case mystery
Lie about me again? Kiss that job goodbye...
Rude rich man shouts at bartender and get awful drinks all night
make me go shopping? in the blistering heat?
I'm just doing it to piss you off, now.
Don't mess with my girlfriend
Toxic Sister and Boyfriend roommates - you are what you eat
Roommate thinks it's funny to heat up the room, gets the stink.
Craigslist scammer rental attempt!
“I missed the part where that was my problem”
Make me cook for you and don't share? Taste this.
Hate tailgaters? Me too.
Let me go from your poorly managed school, thanks for fixing me up.
Dog's self-defense mechanism
Think I stole your shitty phone? Hope you know Chinese.
The internet is really shoddy, I swear.
Why can't you just refill the toilet paper?!
evil roommate
Stop slurping, it’s disgusting.
You won't help me after I helped you? Enjoy the rest of the semester.
That’s what you get for drinking my juice
Asshole Customer Revenge
Won't Stop Singing? We'll See about That
Scammers keep calling
Wasting resources and feeling good about it
Woman gets me soaked in the rain, I charge her more.As petty as it gets
Fakely snitch me? Enjoy the wrath of the people.
You mess with my car? Then you'll get a face full of beer...
A well-seasoned weave
Corto Gay Feliz cumpleaños ESPAÑOLA TV
Threatening blades...
A protester angry at the justice system drove his tractor up to a court and sprayed industrial quantities of muck at the building
Homophobic racist bullshit. Please help if bored
Smells like sour milk
Neighbor‘s barking dog
Don't give me a band-aid? I'll bleed all over your lobby.
I filter the MAC addresses of my siblings devices when they make me mad.
L'eggo my Lego
My revenge on a friend-turned bully
How I outsmarted a passive aggressive radio station changing colleague
Impatient about waiting at the bank drive-thru teller? Here’s some extra waiting.
Lets attempt to get someone banned because they won't tell on their brother
Boss replaced me with unpaid labor, so I wrecked what I was working on for the company.
No bagel for YOU
#SingleAndFree
Classmates roasted me thinking I didn't understand their language. Got my petty revenge a couple of weeks later.
Well, Screw You budday!
Want to scam people? Now you gotta pay.
Mess with my drawing? I get revenge.
Revenge on my drug dealing ex.
I chickened out of staying at a nudist resort, and the saleswoman wasn't happy
She dumps me for another guy; I made her cry.
Guy steals from me and gets caught
Not so much revenge but karma. Still sweet.
Child Rebel.
I'm sorry I'm gay.. would you like a refund?
Dip it in pee.
Don't want to work? Enjoy the traffic.
Who am I? Happy Birthday to the ground!!!!!
I have no idea how that got scratched.
Current tenants put up mail of previous tenants (but addressed to them) on a bulletin board unreachable to outsiders. No one removes it and it takes up space, so I do and put it back in their mailbox.
Annoying My Big Brother by Being a Little Brother
Elevator Etiquette
Help My Vengence?
Coworkers think dirty dishes left in the sink is perfectly acceptable
Landlord petty revenge
Lockdown with annoying neighbours? I can be just as annoying
If you're a mean old hag to everyone, and I'll inconvenience you non-stop...
Drop your cig butt in a national park? Well, let's see how you like your butt after I'm done with it!
Acting entitled to unlimited grabs at my butt? Your shit will stink for the rest of the night, good sir.
don’t make racist comments or say goodbye to all your school materials
In a hurry to go nowhere?
"I'm parking in the VIP"
Ride my ass in slow traffic? Have fun in the stopped traffic.
Like to throw your cigarette on the ground and leave?
Ongoing petty revenge on little brother
Leave the house a dump? Enjoy spicy, spicy chili.
Cats Have Nine Lives
Verizon store, annoying children, and my last nerve
Waste time ruining our time on the water? Enjoy it.
Eat your own food, or I destroy your own food.
Incredibly petty computer advice revenge.
Kick Me in The Balls, I'll Ruin Your Future
I took great pride in telling her.
She forgot about my cart so I did tooOh you work here? Go clean the bathrooms then.
Tickle me? Have fun with nose pains.
You call me bad boy? I'll bite your heckin leg
The Clarinet
Worst kind of Candle
Petty revenge at a card store game night
Wanna act like a dick? No cigerrettes for you.
Screeching classmates get what they deserve
919 901 9974
How to get a sibling in trouble (tried and tested)
Don't try to date your ex's BFF
¿Quieres un trago?
Oh you won't call me by my perfered name?
You want to take my short day? Fine, neither of us will get it.
You're going to dock my pay for getting something on my apron? Enjoy the lunch rush.
Bad attitude over a simple query? Enjoy your new name, Darah
Poopy Revenge
Two petty revenges
Block a nice guy in, get your car towed, with an added bonus.
Getting back at misogynistic, racist, nice guy brother.
Want to collect my phone? Prepare to get your night ruined
Don't bump into me when I'm kayaking
To the bike thief, I am not sorry.
door holder's revenge
I’m using “too much paint”? Alright, I’ll play your game. (+2 Bonus Stories)
Never Cross Me During A Group Project
Fellow driver and I form an unspoken alliance against an asshole driver.
Hospital roommate wont lift up the seat to piss so neither will I
get a child raped because I want a divorce
Drive Thru Line RevengeDon't mess with my coffee
Rushing us out of our house? Hope you have a pack of tissues in your purse.
I'll crap in your ashes.
block the bathroom for an hour straight? sure you don‘t mind if I wash the dishes in the meantime.
Won't listen to me whatsoever? Enjoy earrape!
I got kicked out of my grandma's place so over three years later I got my aunt kicked out of the family
Watch where you swim
A creepy 17 year old tried to bully me to impress my 12 year old friend. I turned the tables and ruined his reputation in the process.
Petty driving squabble
Cheating in the HOV lane? Let me just get this cop's attention.
Would leaving a message to my neighours after I moved house be petty as hell?
Fast food hag gets served
Towel revenge.
Emotionally abusive ex-husband wanted to file taxes together...
The pettiest revenge I ever had
Lights
I smoke your dope
Call me out in front of our sorority without checking in to get the whole story? I know who's name I'm using when I strip.
Tell me a woman's place? I'm sure there's a woman who would love that commission.
Rant about me at the company Christmas lunch? Enjoy the pettiest of revenges.Of course I'll double check the back
Whatever you say Luke
I need your help coming up with revenge for my sexist, condescending, prick of a roommate.
I got my friend of 11 years arrested for stealing my sweater.
I noticed you left your headlights on…
Don’t be a jerk to the strongest kid.
Let's damage property instead of talking like adults...
Autistic People Can't Tell Between a Chair and a Human?
Getting a rude driver back with a taste of their medicine
To the young blonde woman with the white two door Scion who passed me on a double yellow today
Call me a dirty foreigner in the elevator? Enjoy the ride assholes.
Ignore a red light and risk lives? OK, I'll freak the fuck out of you.
Guy assaults me in men’s bathroom for being transgender. I make him lose his custody battle for his son.
follow these gems and spam them
Horrible experience with a horrible person
Check in is at 2pm? And it's only 1:30 now? I'll just wait...
The sweet taste if pettiness
Got my ex back with a trolling SMS app, shut her phone down hahaha!
Used Tumblr account to Cheat on me? Goodbye account!
My neighbor caught me using a sand wedge to return his dog's shit to him
Working with what you got on an Ark PvE server
Messy behaviour will cost you $20
Jack Sparrow.
You have wet socks?
Funny what you hear through the grape vine.
Revenge via snailmail
Friends had a shitty moment, Mother Nature with the assist
Soy-based revenge
Don't screw me out of my hash browns.
Do no work for a group project? Get humiliated at the very end of our presentation.
My husband's petty revenge
I work at a truck stop...
Ignore me for a few months?
"Here, I think you guys forgot something"
Vegan EG who bullies me tries to cut in line so I take the last salad.
Extra extra extra extra extra extra extra extra extra extra extra sauce. (xpost /r/4chan)
Cut off a volunteer firefighter? Bad idea...
Leave your trash for everyone else? Let me get that for you
You have ignored my no solicitation sign for the last time!
Prick wants answers from me, gets laughed at by class
We left during the main event, just to spite the group next to us.
Dont mess with my recordings.
Don’t touch my food!
Petty revenge on petty revenge.
The time I got my manager a promotion so he quit.
I deleted English
Do something to me in the form of a question? I'll retaliate in the form of a statement.
kingdom hearts
Complaining is also annoying.
Trying to illegally buy a gun? Try again
You want to use my phone number for everything you don’t want to deal with? Ok, enjoy!
If you open my door, close it.
Contaminate my M&amp;Ms? Sit on them.
My transphobic mother got what she was coming to her
Cutting the noise at a motel
Stop closing my blinds.
I will fart on your scarf.
Revenge thanks to r/freebies
Come into my store and disrespect customers? I'll shame you in front of everybody.
Repeatedly piss on the toilet seat? Have fun taking a dump without a toilet seat!
Thanks for the great teaching materials, guys. Have fun using them!
Someone on OfferUp purchased my TV, but I later found out they were blatantly lying about their intentions. So I got my revenge
Coworker claims my work as her own, guess she loses all her work
Misogynistic trump supporting Airbnb guest gets in my face about quiet hours, so I let him stay one more night and 2 minutes after quiet hours I begin
Shitty Cow-Orker
Delivery costs extra? Sure! Send it!
Vengeance on entitled dad
Gaslight me about seeing bedbugs in your hotel? Hope you like meeting your local health inspector.
No donuts for you
Talk shit, get shit.
I cut up my bracket so this girl would stop stealing them
Revenge Ideas for Cleaning Crew
Enjoy a less shitrusy-smelling bathroom!
My employee hid my keys
Yes, i will pay your college
College Exam Cheater
Trying to block out your kids while everyone has to hear them? Not in my 'Merica
A bad friend
Decaf Tea
biggest pet peeve when driving is when people ride my butt.
Kid stabbed me with a pencil, but it was a misunderstanding.
Revenge on dumb drunk girls
I hate tailgaters. Hope you got a write up!
Nipple removal
Lying will Get You No Where
Success is the best revenge.
Green light.... Red light. Green light....
No key for you
Guy on marketplace sells the item I wanted so I wasted his time
Yell at us for no reason? Sure, i'll make you leave the library
My revenge against an IKEA employee...
Don't rearrange the icons or change the colors on the shared computer - Army Intel
Poured salt in my ear? Hope you can read Korean!
Aggressive kitchen etiquette
Tailgating motorcyclist ... I have good aim
Petty Restaurant Revenge
Enjoy your coffee.
A truck driver's revenge
Didnt see you there
Ban me from the kitchen? Enjoy your 5FPS video call.
Shitty service and being rude after politely being told to stop? Enjoy the tip!
Enjoy your soapy oatmeal!
This guy started harassing my personal YouTube account.
The Temperature Tango
Thank you for the gift, let me return the favor.
Housewarming Gift for My Ex and the Girl He Cheated on Me With
Don't be a dick to your nurses
It ended with the braces
Yell at me and call the cops on me for having an unlit cig on the sidewalk, I'll give you a negative review!!
Be a complete bitch to me and expect me to help you find a job when you get fired? You're out your mind.
Neighbor abuses shared driveway, hope you can pay the fines
The Secret to Revenge
Park in the entrance of a car park? Have fun getting into your car.
Crappy friend at times gives email, regrets it years later now.
Flick me off on the highway with BOTH arms? Enjoy your police report...
Don't care about the neighborhood and harass my family? Ecological warfare.
Annoy and hurt me. Fine you will be in the ground.
Steal My Space? I Steal Your Time!
The only girl in the welding shop.
Acting annoyingly? No DS for you!
Wanna take my pens everyday, fine here’s all the wrong answers
Update on https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemoncardcollectors/comments/jyr1fg/you_steel_my_one_of_my_useless_pokemon_cards_i/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share
Wouldn't sell me beer.
Sorry lady, I won't apologize for taking up ten seconds of your time.
Butt and Ball Flavored Retainer
Trick me into changing my roster?
You people don't own the whole restaurant, so here's something special for you.
Found A Legit One
Take obnoxious personal calls all day? Enjoy your dropped calls.
Hey Jack, you should stop him
BUSTED
Office bitch with a weight problem.
7th Grade Revenge
Jokes on you JohnathanWon't yield to stops? Have fun with speed limits!
I just want to have a mix-baby
Wanna listen to dance music through the night? Here let me play a classic for you
Sexually harassed by my mothers ex boyfriend
Lame Girlfriend Revenge
Bully gets what he deserves, defo. Pt. II
Peeing on a mean neighbour’s lawn chairs
Free time + Opinion + Friends = Paypal cash
Roommate's Late-Night Phone Calls
Curiosity Killed Your Nostril
Cuss me out? Enjoy going out to the public!
Tail me on freeway while i'm already going over speed limit? Enjoy respecting speed limit for a while.
The Dog's Revenge
Youth pastor asked told me I was too plain, so I jazzed my face up for a big church gathering
Be nice
Revenge a shitty friend
Get caught lying behind my back? I will embarrass you.
Try to steal my iPhone upgrades? Fine, here you go
Won't let me get off first on my subway stop? Enjoy my lunch box!
Steal my yogurt? Have fun looking for the TV remote!
Take all the wings? No sauce for you!
Revenge, like scotch, is best served in crystal.
Committee heads disrespect Dr. Doof
Me and my freinds spam our high school bully for 3 years of suffering
Enjoy your inspection, bitches.
Enjoy your flat tire!
Coke and Mentos
Imply I'm the one who won't stick in at the gym, whose saying that when I lost a stone and a half
My aunt talks shit about my family and I make her think she’s going to be paralyzed forever
Always rude? Always get the wrong coffee.
Have fun finding your shoes now
Mess with my puffle plush, have a little surprise on Club Penguin!
Wake me up at 5am? I mess with your food.
Cheating on prom night, wake up to a year walk of shame.
Cut in line? Good luck shoplifting!
The worst drink ever
Park in no parking zone, blocking traffic, then blow me off?
Former friends
Keep showing up late, I'll make your job annoying
Good luck shoveling your half, jerk
Revenge on my girlfriend's soon to be former roommate
She Thought She Was Gonna "Die"
Gift cards and redheads
I waited more than a decade. Best served cold and all that.
A guy called me faggot on a day I was feeling particularly petty...My sister is an asshole and my parents cannot process logic
Ex gets sex ad on craigslist
Simple double petty revenge from tonight
She’ll regret being the most disgusting roommate ever after this
Not Pay me imma destroy your buisness
Room mate issues help?
Push in line? Have fun at the back.
Do Not Block Diesel Pumps
How do I get back at my roommate from hell?
Cut me off? You're gonna get my bicycle light in your rear-view mirror.
Torture me with the same Damien Rice album over and over, you're in for a shock.
No more persistent survey taker!
Tailgater me? Ok be spat on
Blocking my way'll cost you a walk with me
Was a lazy POS in college. Roommate phone-bombed me when I skipped class
Petty revenge against my boyfriend and his chips.
Unknown co-worker has made first move towards a refrigerator war.
What is something petty that you do, that gives you (great) satisfaction?
Got my brother back for doing a bunch of crap things by calling him "grand wizard of virginity" on his 30th birthday in front of a cute waitress and in front of an entire restaurant
Assume you can take my coins as a tip without asking? Fine, you'll give me my coins back and now you don't get any tip.
SATANS MISSING ROOMMATE
You saw my name four times, FOUR.
Bitch ass neighbors. Have moved several times.
Several vs Housemate's ex
Spring cleaning
Got an Iphone? Have fun with your Eat my Panties autocorrect!
Pretend to be poor while taking money from struggling readers? Enjoy removing flagged comments.
Possibly Petty Revenge for Being Accused of Sexual Harassment
Your Ice Cream is Now Mine
Parked in four handicap spaces because he "was just going in for a sec" ended up there for 4 hours
Pettyguard
Playground bully messed with me while I tried to swing; literally straightened things out myself.
Wanna Be a Bully? Don't Worry. We Can Fix That Right Up.
Betray me? I’ll turn down your proposal and make your Discord vanish.
So you want MY tea?
Scam me over a cheap video game? I'll empty your whole paypal wallet...
Teacher hated me (and others) and tried to push me out of my assigned seat? Enjoy being annoyed for the rest of the semester!
How I got revenge on violent drug dealers which eventually lead to there arrest.
Something surreal happened in the world of customer service last week.
Waste my time? I’ll waste yours.
The perfect little domino effect for a school bully.
Revenge on mom from 4 year old
Blocked in the guy blocking my ride
My leftist friend got what he deserved.
Pickup truck ignores me and stop sign, learns the hard way.
Peed my Pants for an Argument
Dad told me to shut the window, I opened it an inch.
petty revenge on a spoilt child at the check-out
Trespassing and littering in my backyard? Fine, I'll just start composting there.
Cross country drive, pizza buffet, soccer moms
Why not swallow?
Legend has it, to this day, he still has a shrimp dick
You dare chop down my tree branches without permission?
Takes parking space, Van blocked in and covered in bin juice
Asshole neighbor is no better than a litterbug
College - The best time of your life
Keep me up all night? Enjoy being haunted by cyber ghost.
This story always makes me smile.
Redbox Revenge
I like being clean
Soft win against overly-competitive co-worker
Ex best friend trying to blackmail me with my ex boyfriend
Bye, Felicia! Enjoy finding another internship.
Sweet revenge on the dirty house mates.
STOP CHEWING WITH YOUR MOUTH OPEN
Won't put your bottle in the collection bin? Have fun looking for it in that bin anyway.Mom went through credit card statement
Leave my clothes soaking wet will you!? Enjoy your cold foot.
Don't want to take my advice, there goes $2000 on a $5000 car.
When Karma bites you in the ass for harassing my brother and I.
Youngest Sibling Fights Back
Do you canoe?
Dude what the actual?
You like being a creepy old guy? Enjoy your crumbly supper
Mess with me and I'll turn up the heat
Squeeze past my kid? You'll have to squeeze past me.
I hope the milk tastes good
I hope you broke your foot.
park your car illegally where i want to walk? fuck you
A Clean Revenge
telling me not to do something will only make me do it sooner
Snow Parking/Blocking
'Now he is a prisoner in his own home!'
Be an asshole, pay an annual fee
Trapped
Break your own rules? Enjoy not watching your show.
How I ruined a spoiled 21 year old girl's day at the car dealership
Messing with the lying smokers
How me sister threw a tantrum cuz of pottato chips
Revenge shower right before the plague
Ex-boyfriend tried to make me jealous by bringing his new fling to a mutual event - it ended badly for him
When baking soda is the best security system. #bakingsodakingpin
Cheat on me? No worries, enjoy your drowned PlayStation!
Petty Avengers, I need some help.
Roommate was being a dick...
No sleep, no eats
That's one way to do it
I AM a fucking idiot!
Tailgate me? Okay but I can see what’s coming, you can’t!
Pony who will not be caught
I Had Reached My Limit
you like cutting people off on the road? enjoy having to buy a new car.
Fat gym part two: You claim you are the master of the balls?
Suck on THAT straw, litterbug!
You report us, we show who reported us
Don't shove people for fun...
My own Scumbag Steve gets a taste of his own medicine.
Trying to scam me, all for nothing
People made fun of me and don't respect me, I make them do extra work
Justice for Pizza Delivery Man!
Flirt your way past the line at the club? Enjoy your dry cleaning bill.
Don’t mess with the emo kid.
You irritate us? We kill you in your sleep.
"Let me just confirm that number..."
The customer is always right...
Jealous friend talked shit about me to our mutual friends, so I took away his big job opportunity
I'm not sure how petty this is, but it's revenge in my book.
You wanna be loud? I'll get louder.
Cutting down a loud-mouth middle school bully
Karma is a bitch, and I am my own karma
Downvoting ads
Got revenge on my brother and got to skip school the next day!
Egotistical Girl Tries to Belittle Me. I Ignore Her.
Good evening, would you be interested in some revenge?
Threaten me into doing your final year project? Enjoy that fail.
In which I welcome a woman into my personal space
Be rude to your teen, see how much you really rely on him
have fun with this.
My prom date ditched me, so I left him stranded.
You don’t like my dog peeing in the grass? Enjoy him peeing in front of your apartment building.
you thought sis
Cheating students with aggressive helicopter parents? Not a problem for my math professor.
Kick me and my kids out after 2 years of me taking your abuse just to move in your new girlfriend? Hope y'all like crickets serenading you as you try to sleep.
UPDATE: Stupid bimbo scams me, is dumb enough to brag about it on Facebook and then threatens to sue with a fake lawyer
Eating my brothers cereal cause he tried the to eat mine
Turds for the turd.
Not all Canadians are nice
Have a stink war at work, manager fixes that.
Company vans
Petty cuddle revenge
Don't use my shampoo/body wash, or take my bottled water.
Parking Revenge on my Neighbor
Alright minions. Who wants to help me plot?
I was told to crosspost this here.
The petty revenge of keeping your mouth shut is simply delicious.
Glitter Bomb myself and others? Feel my wrath...
Cars with blinding headlights
Tailgating? I hope you like birds.
Petty Revenge is Best Revenge
This is how I got her sister to bitch slap the brother
Don't insult someone trying to help you
Co-worker made fun of my performance and shared it with her friends, I got her out of office
You cheat on me, I'll fuck up your future relationships.
Dave &amp; Busters pettiness
Change thief finally leaves on own accord
Campus assassins
City tells neighbor to paint his house
Worlds smallest act of revenge?
I built it, I get the top shelf of the shoe rack!
The customer is not alway right.
You Want to eat our candy that was hard earned well you get one piece of candy at Easter
Some local residents poisoned the trees which were obstructing their view of the beach. The council, unable to "prove" who did it, erected this billboard... Priceless.
I burned a little girls diamond sword in Minecraft
Is it bad if I send a hateful Christmas card to the person who paralyzed me in a car accident?
The iPhone Experience
Brush Thief
The kid that sits in front of you on your flight
Project Ruiner gets karma
Fire me? All your secrets are now on Glassdoor.
EC cant play with kitten - turns into 'shitty' situation
Lady wants to rush me at the gym on the machine I am on.
No acknowledgement? Ok. Nsfw.
Enjoy your beverage!
Revenged The Police &amp; Abusive Neighbours In One!
Pizza + Heroin = Arrested
Revenge on the captain and his girlfriend
One cunt of a high school bully dealt with the legal way!
Don't bitch about people sitting next to you in another language
Wanna be an asshole and only think about yourself? Let me slightly inconvenience you.A taste of her own medicinal spam.
Teacher takes my phone I bring another one the next day
Free installation trick? No problem, let me make a small uninstall "adjustment".
Think I'm gonna be friend's with you? I don't like superficial trash
yeah that'll teach her (x-post /r/WTF)
Your wardrobe is gonna be the same color now, bitch
HR pull some % BS, I decrease your %
Jump the queue, fart on you.
Petty revenge for a petty annoyance.
Be a dick to my friend? Enjoy my very sweet revenge.
Neighbor's kids pick on my daughter
Talk vile trash about me, find out your husband is cheating.
Won't "fix" @'ing people on Slack? Enjoy not being able to @ me
Don't hurt my ears
Earned 250% off my revenge
Be mean at family dinner? Enjoy having shitty cookies at Thanksgiving.
Invade my personal space? Get a moderately irritating poke in the back
Persephone calls out the dirtiest fakest subreddit on youtube video!
Want to steal from our phone store? Enjoy having your service shut off.
HELP! How do I get petty revenge on a guy who ghosted me during our long distance relationship?
I'm shopping with my great grandmother, and you put shopping carts around my car?
Enjoy your ride home.
http://www.gofundme.com/czmdeo
Gonna obsess over my bathroom use and purposefully occupy the bathroom during my usual times to make me late? I’ll make you get up at all hours of the night and get you fired from your day job!
Lights out you bunch of onions.
I got my horrid old job shut down.
Charge me $1.25 to access my money? Gonna make you work now...
Park in A non-spot for 3 weeks, have fun with your tickets!
Hello
Block my car? I'll ruin your day
Living well truly is the best revenge.
Guy gets petty revenge on wife
My sisters friends parents
When the only possible revenge is inconvenience.
No smiley face for you!
Pizza crusts (xpost from r/funny)
I really like candies
r/pettyrevenge, I need your guidance on my brother
How to deal with ungrateful parents this Chrismas
ex-roommate got fined for improper checkout at uni
Hate my roommate so I fucked up her toothpaste
Farted back at girlfriend
Don’t wanna leave? Be forced to listen to thrash metal.
Take more than one spot? That’s fine, I have stickers for that!
Petty Persons of Reddit, will you help me exact my revenge? Yes or yes?
Accidental Revenge on Foreign Vigilante, Abroad
I ruined a bridesmaid dress and my cousin threw a tantrum
Don't do you work. Ok miss out on the best day of band
The Camera didn't like her.
I have committed an act of war...
Mind the speed limit, buttmunch.
Use your phone during a movie? Suffocate
Annoying sisters finally got it
My shockingly petty revenge (NSFW?)
Wasting Ban Ki Moon's Precious Time
Karma hits you back
Reddit user makes joke about child dying in Hillsborough tragedy &gt; reddit user receives GoT spoilers in an anonymous PM
Help me to get my petty revenge...
Petty Revenge - Discord Edition
You want to be a sexist asshole to the receptionist? Enjoy having all of the spam calls forwarded to your extention.
THE FUNNIEST POST MATCH SHOW EVER! MUST WATCH!
Hit and run on my car, I don't think so Karen.
Entitled woman gets petty revenge and a dirty bag
Coworker bashing me for voting for Trump so I made her day all about Trump.
I went to r/all and down-voted every non-FPH thread..
Ideas on what to do if someone steals a parking spot you were waiting for?
Keep me from using the 'executive' wash room? I'll teach you!
Beware: Landlady takes petty revenge on tenants by eviction
Sister learns the hard way to not mess with me.
I don't sleep, you don't sleep
Cut me off almost causing me to cash. Then have the nerve to flip me off? Hope youre not busy for the next hour
Don't eat those cookies!
Palm your work off on me and you'll look like an idiot...literally
Guy Makes Fun of my Sister, I make him Scared.
Mess with me for a week? Congratulations on the new disease you have.
Bus driver fucks me over, call him "Bud"
Boss gets me fired, so I also get her fired.
Won't stop driving over my scale? No check for you
I have to do this more than I'd like...
Rude?, enjoy the hour-long walk
School bus loading zones are for school buses.
How clean can I get it?
Don't cry when your words are used against you
Loaned friend $60 under premise he was going to pay me back next day, has been ghosting me for 3 weeks
Not exactly 'revenge' because I wasn't trying, but instant karma to be sure.
Cutting corners leads to a longer walk
Wont stop rubbing your giant sweaty man boobs on me? Fine. I hope you eat a fist.
screw you blue tooth girl
Too many crickets.
That's not my responsibility.
out smarted
My mother always told me to kill my enemies in sweetness...
EP forces me to install a magnetomerter I do exactly what she says
Locker switch = girlfight!
dress code a 6th grader for wearing a bandana because she was “promoting usage of gang memorabilia”? okay, mrs christiano, i’ll get the whole school to piss you off
Boyfriend cheated, returned his handmade gifts in a very thoughtful way
He Stole My Mug, So I Stole His Beer GlassesIt’s a title! Wow! I’m so creative!
intern petty revenge
With a little help from my manager
Late to Class Everyday? No Notes for You.
Eat my food all the time? Hope you like my spit!
Getting even.
Servers, don't fuck with your hosts
On my neighbors
Friendship is a two way street
You Harass A Teacher, Nearly Paralyze My Friend, Abuse My Classmates, AND Try To Strangle Me? Well Get Rejected By Your Crushes And Embarrassed In Front Of The Whole School! | POSK Chronicles Episode 6
Petty Revenge on Mom Backfires
Countering obnoxious partygoers with Laddergoat
Don't piss off the sales assistants.
Petty Revenge on whiny employee
It’s not much, but it’s honest work.
Try being a good teacher next time.
Supervisor made my team feel like failures, so I hid her favorite pen
Its easy to be racist when you think no one can understand
If you are selfish at my wedding I’ll be selfish at your birthday party.
Break my tires? Hope you like paying for my new TV!
Getting back house that was ours?
Delicious bacony revenge
Don't assume you know everything, it is a small world after all
If you're looking for dog poop, you're bound to find it.
Insult my photography? I’ll make sure this annoying girl gets your number.
Downvoted a Whole Year's worth of Karma
Too bad you came here for breakfast.
Steal from me and ignore lawyers? Hope you enjoy your new website
Enjoy the dangerous blades, asshole.
Customer was giving our frontline support hassle
FIFA Revenge
Wake me up streaming? Enjoy your lag
Crank call me? Heres your prize!
My friend has a portable cellphone jammer that she takes with her to the library and movies.
No, I will not be your coffee bitch!
I don't like your music, but I tell you what I do like, loud saxophone solos.
Breaking grocery store law will cost you
Revenge is sweet
Dad demands my sister to go out to dinner with him, goes to most expensive restaurant in the city
Bosses are lazy fucks
How to trigger a perfectionist
have sex on your own damn bed
Pretty Petty Pizza Delivery
Country music anyone?
Cut me off, I'll take your pizza
I'm so happy with myself. Maybe she'll return her cart next time.
I'm much more stubborn than you imagined aren't I?
Be a jerk to my in-laws? Welcome to pettyrevenge.
I am the law.
The pettiness of a "popular" high school boy.
No more internet for the night
Try to force me off a workout machine when I'm not finished? Have fun waiting even longer.
Don't lie to your father.
The Reese's were spilt
Stand me up? That's cool, I'll make you earn less money.
The phrase is excuse me please
Some guy on YouTube randomly decided to go on all my videos and harass me!
My friend cheated in uno, so I ended him
Flipping Off Malignant Narcissist Boss
Forced Lazy, Cheap Landlord to make Repairs by Involving the City Housing Inspector (New Jersey)
Won't take me off your call/email list? I'll add you to many.
Don't cut me in line
Teacher gives me unfair work? Enjoy maybe losing your job!
RushingTo Get Into A Closed Mall
Cheat on me? Say goodbye to your MMORPG accounts!
dad is wierd
Ive spent over a year getting back at the rudest person Ive ever had to deal with
Spiteful classmate gets what they deserve
humble pie vs humble cookies
Don’t F*** with K9s.
Act privileged in Chik-Fil-A? Wait a little longer to eat.
Enjoy your road rage "justice?" I hope you enjoy your recruitment calls!
I'm not going to help with your computer
petty revenge on some kid I don't even know
Testing Day
Here is your receipt, have fun cleaning up.
Embarrassed and Wet
Neighbor now has a penis lawn
You misspell my name, I misspell yours
Oh, you like to throw loud bitch fits? Let's see what happens when I make you throw another...
The best .25 cents I’ve ever spent
Just wait a lil
Principal lies and breaks promise so I make her keep her promise.
Cut in line will you? See how fast you can get some salsa
Politeness has its limits.
move your posters guy
Wake me up with your raging? Good luck having internet.
Want to park in my Dad's parking spot, lose your keys!
Tell me to do your job? I'll show you petty.
Leave half of your living room in the hallway for weeks? How about I trash your place?
You're right, I'll never forget. (long)
Dirty dishes and stolen food: a laxative story
Punch my best friend in a bar over a girl? Work an extra 20 minutes 4 nights a week.
Revenge from Down Undah
Boss doesn't need any help, then asks for help and bashes me later-I dont really help her. (Xpost IDon'tWorkHereLady)
I have a third "spare" car in my driveway, neighbor complained about the sight of it with a low tire... I've since drained all the air while keeping everything else on the property immaculate.
Make snide remarks and be a whiny bitch all day...prepare to walk home
Trucker thinks he owns the road, so I make him wait 15 seconds for the light.
Don't get my girlfriend to ask me for free tickets if you're going to ditch her, you pieces of shit.
Hacked then Ruined
I get revenge on classmate for being a pretty bad person in general. Her reaction was great.
Sister roasted me a bit too much so I used her toothbrush to clean myself.
Coworkers think it's a good idea to tease me while i'm still at work near their desks
New guy at work is a useless waste of time. So fuck him.
Have you seen our rocks?
Hey so read below
Sweet revenge from the world of Recruiting
I tried to give my roommate pink eye
Winning at marriage..
My classmate is an idiot
A fighter pilot's vengeance.
Petty slurpee revenge.
Want to disrespect my stuff?
Aggressive New Year's Resolutioners/hardgainers at the gym
Think you deserve extra seats on the train? Let me make you feel uncomfortable.
Copying kid gets a D because of me
Don't pick up after your dog? I will leave it at your door.
College laundry rooms are a warzone
Be a total dick of a classmate? Enjoy not being able to go to a class trip and having a self inflicted concussion.
Take that bitchy teenage sister!
Video Course
Cryptocurrency Reward For Revenge
I finally have my chance
Dent my car and not care? I’ll do you the same curtesy, sir.
Tailgate me while driving eh?
This one is kinda short, but I feel like it belongs here
I made a teacher colleague cry because he said I was unqualified.
I hate driving in NYC
You should probably quit smoking anyways.Don't hit my girlfriend....
Monopoly money
It’s not pro enough for ProRevenge so I think it belongs here.
Why you shouldn't be mean to customer service agents
Don't bad mouth bus drivers
Thanks for drinking beer from my new shoes, I guess
Meatball Madness
Wanting to ruin someone's life
Spoiler Alert: Karma is a bitch
Douche that thought he was "King of the Road" go demoted.
Roommate revenge
Beggars Can't be GreedyI registered a domain for $5 as a joke to mess with a friend. My phone has been ringing off the hook with people offering to build a website for me, until I did this.
I hate Christmas.
How my annoying upstairs neighbors went from annoying to hilarious!
Oops.... I'm sorry you lost power
IM NOT ON CALL
I hope you think about who you attack next time.. Or not
Petty Revenge on a bicyclist... though he didn't seem to think so.
scammer gets what she deserves
The Big Boss
iPhone sale didn't happen.
Small victory with a tailgater on the highway
Disgruntled walmart lady doesn’t like that she can’t park in reserved parking.
Conservative Christian family doesn’t know I used to be a semi professional DJHow I helped the FBI bust a counterfeiter!
Scammer ripped me off on marketplace.
Of Bikes and Spoilers
Rant and rave about my review? Enjoy a problem on a busy weekend.
Attention seeking behavior? Not on my watch
Karen calls me a shithead? Ill ruin her meal.
A pre-emptive revenge elevator post
Help me scam this hoe bags account please. ASAP
What’s mine is yours...not
Old man stiffs my friends and I after we shovel his driveway, sidewalk and front walkway. We turn it around on him
Humiliate my daughter? Face the Karma Chameleon.
You Really Want That Mini Fridge?
Took My Wash Time? Enjoy Jail Time... (Long Story)
Now I sleep with two kitties
any neighbors have yappy dogs? i love dogs but I keep thinking about this
Okay, Let how to draw if you are going to bully.
Giving a reckless employee a "NEW" Truck as he asked
Lady you wanna see who has the better base you better put on a good song.
Prison rules
You snooze you lose.
Student Canteen Justice
My roommate kept stealing my food and it turns out I have a mouth infection
the Gaming "friend" The Amazing Revenge
Santa wraps your present wrong!
Be rude to me? Enjoy your badly made drink
(Harmless) Revenge of the Bikers!!!
Make Me Work Alone? Enjoy Missing A Pay Period
You tailgate me? I make you miss the green.
Got Pradeyths Timepiece last night..
New Conservatory sir?
Hot pocket
No bacon for you.
Other table, please.
Almost run me over? You don't get my parking spot.
Small story
Take turns at a stop sign
HOA's collection agency unfairly put liens on my neighbor's house, so i put car clamps on their cars
How do I piss off this exam invigilator
Make as much as noise you like now
kid shoots me in the head with a slingshot loaded with a ROCK!!!
Restaurant client complain im taking too long, take that!
Park elsewhere, then.
Trash our club house? We have a stinky surprise for you.
Be a dick at a pizza place? No pizza for you!
Do Not Eat My Food
Ring my phone off the hook - I'm going to make you feel like shit.
Act like a dink, get stuck on the road.
Update to Moving in with a married couple is a bad idea
Don't be rude if you want all your money!
Food Fight
How to prank a coworker...
You complain about my cleaning? Fine, I won't clean ANYTHING.
The usual - Child Parking spots.
Got milk?
Blocked on driveway to keep flatmates friends away
Cut in front of me at customs and end up waiting longer
It just needs a little...Laxative
I made him miss his tickets.
Living well is the best revenge...
Eat shit, golddigger
And a side of herassment, please
FOOOOOOOD FIIIIIGHT!!!
For those small victories of those who have wronged you. I’m not going to murder you.
Ignore me after practice? Have fun with my saliva.Fighting Evil at Stoplights
I Completely Ignored The Existence Of My Roommate/Coworker!
Should I revenge cheat?
Man Gets Moved
Block traffic? Find your own way in.
A girl did an overnight visit of University campus and was so horrific to her student host that her admission was RESCINDED
Dog food and toddlers
Petty revenge from my younger days
Dad absolutely SHUTS DOWN annoying coworker
My wife's pet peeve: Don't drive across parking spaces!
You drove me out of my apartment, so I'm messing with the thermostat
Dirty sock roommates
Disrespectful brother gets his comeuppances
Petty Revenge on a Credit Card Company
Don't f***ing cut in line at the McDonalds drive-thru
Sleep tight, douche.
I don't speak Spansh either.
Freeloader student gets gravy train cut off
I keep wondering when is my roommate is going to get a new toothbrush.
Continually drink my scotch? Have some pee instead
I Don't Fuck With You
I got a bully grounded by registering a pornhub account with her email
Huh, I guess bass really does carry doesn't it.
Do you like lettuce? Let me see what I can do about that...
My tale of sweet petty revenge on a boss who treated me terribly for 3 years and tried to sabotage my career
More Corn Please
Ignore my birthday? Your 21st Birthday is going to be less awesome.
Friend cuts some of my hair. FEEL THE WRATH OF A BALD SPOT
Take care of those who take care of you
Pettiest revenge of all on Reddit - read parent comments for context
Petty Mommy, petty doggy
Don't Give Proper Credit? Yoink.
Have fun brushing your teeth, asshole!
New neighbors
Riding on your coat tails
A laissez faire lesson in interpersonal skills. Or, how I let my coworker bomb within his first month.
A woman stood in a handicapped space, forcing my coworker to wait to park this morning.
Standoff over a parking spot
Tinder girl plays with my emotions for months and I send one email
My brother (M26) used the wrong body shampoo
Eggsellently petty revenge
Retail Revenge
Taste of your own medicine
Take up two spots? Enjoy the inconvenience.
Oh, sorry, ma'am. We're fresh out of Patty Platypus.
Hog the washing machines? Be inconvenienced yourself.
When customers hand me money
Enjoy waking up early
Put your nasty used chef coat in the hamper.
Demanded my dollar back from a beggar
Petty office revenge x2
Get my Job shut down? Well, you won't be my boss again!My petty revenge as a child
Pretty Fly for a Wifi
Belittle me? I'll smack the cigarette off your mouth
Mom Gets Petty Revenge on Daughter Who Releases Wild Bat from Mason Jar
Birds are petty as fuck
BitStrip Revenge
Piss on a homeless man's bed? Enjoy sleeping tonight!
Ex Boyfriend Cheats And I Get Revenge
Let us down, don't be surprised if we let you down for once
It must be because I'm Asian...
You take all the doughnuts? Try this one.
Want my files? Have fun walking through the digital maze designed just for you!
Spam me with medical misinformation on Facebook. Lol nope.
One girl, four revenges.
Treat me like an ableist liar, get stuck with one less tenant and a $750 cable bill.
Be a Karen to my GF, prepare to be salty.
Steal my wedding day? That's fine. I'll steal your baby announcement and make you feel like shit for it.
Timed it just right.
Slow and delicious petty road revenge.
Drive like an idiot, enjoy sitting at the light.
Not sure if this is revenge, but it is petty.
Paying in 5c coins?
Best friend, worst housemate?
Can I ask for suggestions here?
Stress out the Bride? Get Rolled for it
Ex wife
So I went to my old school today...
Be A Bad Employer, I’ll Be A Worse Employee.
My best friends family keeps her brother from getting caught cheating
Fire me on the second day of work? Fine. You won't be able to bill for my time.
No, I *didn't* see her take that.
Roommate wont teach me to burn cds after using my laptop and blanks to burn a cd for himself.
The "wet" family around the corner.
Oh you spent $300 on your Fortnite character? Let’s make sure it gets a lot of use.
Pallet revenge
Remove my phone from charging? Have 0% charge in your phone!!
Interrupt my lunch, say goodbye to your precious pen.
Two Years Later, my Revenge Was Served VERY Cold.
Revenge is a Beach
I made a kid drink white glue when i was 6 years old
The $250,000 pen
Reject me because I'm not a rich kid? Enjoy your shitty concerts.
I rubbed my new relationship in my abusive exes face. Felt great
Broke the internet so I can sleep
Network printer revenge.
Trash the local smoke spot over and over again? Get fake narced
In which I get revenge on a blind woman.
Make my worker cry, get kicked out of the store.
My classmate always gets me late to class, so I made her miss the whole thing!
Late to work AGAIN? I'll fart on your desk.
Hit my seat? I'll call a hit on you!
So you won't stop the bus at my stop?
Was This Your Only Copy?
Oh, of course I'll switch shifts with you!
PIZZA TIME!
A multi-part petty revenge, employing the long game....
Hi Nancy =)
Ruined GOT for my parents. (No Spoilers)
Lie to me about being single &amp; ghost me with no explanation? Enjoy being single now &amp; having your name &amp; face on cheater sites!
Milano packets get stolen and revenge
Arsehole Tax
Honk at people a split-second after the light turns green? Meet my friend's dad.
Lil poop burns his mouth
Science Teachers Give Obscure Assignment To Slackers
Animal abuse.
Don't disrespect customers who use your bathroom.
I work at a grocery store and today a woman came in and when asked if she had a rewards card she said she does but she isn’t going to use it because her ex-husband has a copy and she doesn’t want him to get any points. This is the level of petty I aspire to be
Steal my email? I will lock your phone!
make a fuss over lack of coffee? no beer for you!
Petty Revenge of the ewwwww kind
Enjoy your food
Be a jerk to me and my BF? Have your reputation ruined in a game of Humans vs Zombies!
Wanna green bean?
Starbucks snitch
If you can’t take the heat get out of the kitchen.
Block us from continuing? Enjoy your wait.
Try to write me, ok I’ll quit instead.
Meeting Expectations
Petty Revenge (idea)
Small revenge against hoarders
Cheat with my man and try to break me. I will make you pay.
Dutiful Commuter's Revenge (pre-venge?)
You choose to be late even though you can avoid it? I have a card that says Otherwise
Roommate kept stealing food
Follow the Rules
Drive like a maniac, I'll have to be more cautious then
She stole my tables, I stole the whites of her eyes.
Belittle my gear during a jamsession? Enjoy seeing your dream instrument on a stand on stage, locked.
Update on gossipy coworker: everyone hates her now
Broken IPod
Inconvenience Store Clerk
No trashcan for you!
Get ready for a dousy
Sushi thief gets a taste of justice
Take forever at the checkout? Not on my watch
"Collectibles"
Block my car in the handicapped spot will you
Park like an idiot? Have a nice time getting into your lifted 4x4
Treat girls poorly, fail your class
My front yard is not a poo receptacle.
Hey little duckies.
There's a good reason you don't block the left half of the escalator in Hong Kong.
Insurance refuses to pay $50 for my glasses.
Shopping bags of candy run over.
lie to me? enjoy getting a horrible grade on your birthday.
That will teach you to share my Netflix password
Revenge on crappy housemates
Work for your grades if you want good ones
Girl dumps me so I expose her.
Petty revenge in the wonderful world of film
Oops, wrong house.
Bully my friend? Wear the pee-pants.
Waiter gave me shit for wanting to split a check 2 ways
Make up a rule for work and then not abide by it? Yeah, no.
Don't mess with the sick kid.
Asshole to me?  NO POT FOR YOU!
Maybe eat some manners when you get home, shrew
Inspired by Whiskey Buff
don’t throw your trash at us
The story of my hero
Sometimes, all it takes is a little dedication!
Have fun hitting your toe on the bed frame.
Won't throw away the garbage you just gave me. I'll just set this here then.
My revenge hurt me, but it was worth it.
Finally found the perfect revenge for a bitchy ex
Don't complain about my music when your music is loud and obnoxious.
A group of bullies target me for half a year
Happy Independence Day Indeed.
Revenge on My Drumpf Supporting Step Dad
"Morning off" means "morning off?" Okay then, just remember that...
Dear Aunt Here's-7-Dollars-And-Your-Cousins'-Old-Clothes, I spat in your tea.
Red light rage out.
Gifts for my mom who called me fat?
A revenge both so very petty and so very British
Dad borrows son's electric razor without asking?
You wanna dress code me at home? Fine.
I finally taught Ann Taylor a lesson
A 14 Year Old makes a racist comment on my Ethnicity, so I start a multi-platform social media war on him
Something Fishy
Decaf Dave
Oh, this is how it's gonna be?
My old boss upset me so I'm getting even
Park in the striped area of disabled parking, you food will get cold...
My petty revenge on a rude, unhelpful and thoroughly unpleasant colleague.
Poo in my mailbox, poo on you.
The driver in the car next to mine
Always order the most expensive thing on the menu when invited, well enjoy your tendon and tripe.
I need suggestions for a serial spammer
Grouchy old man
My neighbor had a loud bird...
My waitress was a cunt
Steal my stuff? Drink mousewater.
Trying To Catfish Me? I Have The High Ground!
Ruining his favourite song
Eat my teddy grahams?!?! See what happens.
D’bag comes on to my woman
Dealing with Tailgators
This sub is toxic and you're all living in your own little worlds
Uncle was a monster his entire life, dies alone and nobody misses him
We don’t like your loud music!
Forcing me to clean when I'm in mourning? No problemos
Getting back at a egotistical, know-it-all, wannabe computer-nerd
Someone gave me some unsolicited financial advice
A few small victories
I get petty revenge on a bitch in my class(reposted because the first seemed to be glitched)
TP Bandito.
It's my fault for having feelings for you, but yours for sleeping through your midterm
Not like it even costs you...
After getting accepted into one of the colleges I applied at I put a picture up on FB with me and the acceptance letter. A mouthy girl insults me on Twitter. What can I do?
Sister get what she deserves
You're being an asshole by driving less than 5 feet behind me? No problem, I'm not in a hurry!
Country Store Revenge
Snap your fingers at me to get me to come over? Oh boy...
Angry because I want to find a new job and then bully me? Okay.
Cut me off? Have a door in your face!
Bully me all through middle school? ...Hold my music stand.
Someone in my dormitory decided it'll be a good idea to take my freshly washed clothes out of the dryer and throw them on the floor...
My science teacher gets me in trouble for things I don’t have control over, so now she doesn’t have power in her computer.
Met an underage girl at a bar who turns out to be a total nutcase - simple solution
My dad asked me to remove myself from our family cell phone plan... so I did
Water your lawn properly.HP service revenge
You disrespect my friend and expect me to help you?
Don't send me weird snapchats
***One Call***+91-9649320175 Husband Wife Divorce__Problem__Solution__Baba Ji
Lying liar gets karma'd hard
Try to delete system32 on my friends computer? have fun not having system32 like you tried to do to my friend.
Broken bed
Bully me in middle school, no job for you
I’m done playing games
Don't worry, I'll demonstrate how a lock works!
A stranger scammed me out of $300 online. I tracked him down, called his dad's work phone, and got my money back.
Plastic Saturn vs. Parking-Spot Panzer: Guess Who Won?
Use me for free dinner? It’ll cost you
My grade or your ring?
Waitress's Revenge
Racist Aunt disrespecting me for working on a certain job. Made her do my job.
I outed a homewrecker for her STDs in front of her bar customers!
Disturbing the peace with your sub-woofer? Enjoy a long walk in the drizzle.
The background of pure petty revenge.
Be gross to my friends and I at the bar? I'll text your mom.
TBH this is barely petty but it felt so good
I'm special, I'm vaccinated, what's wrong with that?
The Magic Ever Open Magnetic Door
There is a place for everything...
I got three paid days off and stumped a whole IT team by changing one letter in my computer settings (details inside)
Sarcastic Cruising
Minor irritation deserves a minor irritation.
My mom wants my MSN/Hotmail passwords
Always clean your cats litter tray.
Any revenge tips if I have the person’s phone number?
Think before you drive like a douche
Guy parked so close to me I couldn’t get out
Lose 5 seconds
make fun of me? enjoy an F on your assignment.
A petty offense deserves petty revenge.
Music Madness
Annoying guy unknowingly agrees with all my insults.
Drive too fast? Your car is gonna get wet
Old story about toxic relative getting their comeuppance
The tale of the double laned drive thru
Customer being an uncalled for asshole
Spicy sausage!
The Manager Who Wasn’t Good Enough
Extra Seats on an Airplane
Customer called me out for mispronouncing her name
Help I'm looking to get some petty revenge!
You won't give me the ps4 for an hour? Good luck playong it once you find somewhere to sit!
My roommates are refusing to pay their share of rent &amp; electricity so I changed the wifi password &amp; called them out in the network names
The amazingly imploding company
Park like an asshole? Ok.
Petty Dislikes
Park like a dick? Enjoy your yoghurt poops!
Refuse to refund my money for misrepresentation of services? Have fun being investigated by the government
Flip me off while almost hitting me? Enjoy being inconvenienced.
Tell everyone i stole from you? Enjoy everyone being mad at you.
Kick my dog and you will regret it
Think you can ignore your community? Think again, Admins!
Disgusting Petty Revenge on Entitled Aunt's Potato Salad
Mom’s Revenge
Petty fart in a kid's face
shit teacher assaults kid with down syndrome gets rekt in the end
Choosing beggar wathches everyone but them get free food.
And an extra greeting for you
Rude customer was 7 cents short.
Drunken kids sit in my stairwell; get wet bums
You want to be petty? Two can play that game!
I hope it takes you forever
When you lie to your boss, keep it off social media
Try to screw me over in class? Enjoy your failing grade.
I have been trolling some stranger who hit on my wife on Instagram. Tomorrow will be 1 week from the day we started talking.
Lie to my face after I worked there for a year and was a supervisor? Have fun losing your job.
I fucked your ex after you fucked the guy I liked :)
I gave her cart back to her, behind her car
Enjoy the stains, you cranky old buzzard
EK wants my karate belt, I get my revenge
Guardian abuses me so I turn her in for drugs and slowly drive her crazy
Who says managers have all the power?
Hope you didn't want to move your car
One of THOSE neighbors...
This is only the beginning. . .
I'll most likely need to take revengeful action on a scumbag teacher. Help appreciated.
Dress Coded by a 10 y/o
(Lesson) Plan This, BITCH!
When you get given lemons
Kid bullies me for two years. Tries to get me expelled when I fight back.
Try to take my window seat? Enjoy the rest of your trip with my foot in your way!!
Cut me off, get back in line!
You need to get to class? Well, no clapping for you.
Now he is the annoyed one!
The Wrath of Ron
Trying to cut the line so I will serve you quicker? I don't think so.
New car problems
I dont know can i?
Entitled jerk wouldn’t move from the doorway so I gave him the boot
Tell my crush I like her? Have a fun time getting suspended!
Very Petty Revenge
I was a cocky jerk and my rival saw his opportunity for petty revenge and took it.
Landlord wouldn't let me leave his bug infested unit early, so i made their lives hell
You have to reason to scream. I do. And I will.
Roommate makes me do her nasty dishes, I subtly undermine her New Years resolution.
You wanted to dump a lunch tray on me? Enjoy spending $20 a month on a new lock.
Pettiest of revenges on my ex-girlfriend.
Now your meal isn't organic, grass fed, vegan, gluten free, cage free/whatever else you preach.
Screw you Verizon
Angry roleplayer gets what annoys them most
Fart in my sheets and I'll fart on you
I’m not even mad, I’m impressed.
Revenge on annoying movie patrons.
Jerk gets what’s coming
Trash roommate
Bad roommates? Zero shits left to give.
My constant petty revenge on tailgaters
Pizza job part 2
Honk at me? Guess you're gonna have to wait then
Butt dialing gossiper gets her karma
Earwax jabbin CEO
piss on a public toilet seat?
Watching ahead after complaining about me watching ahead? Enjoy not being able to stream anymore.
I'm not finished yet
s It Safe to Buy Essays Online in Essay Writing Company?
I got my former employers in trouble
She lent me a scantron and expected interest, so I gave her as many as I could find.
Act like a bitch to me, don't get a cold drink!
Biggest damn box I can find in my neighborhood
Rude mercedes driver on dedicated bike lane.
Noisy neighbors? Fire the bass canon!
Got tricked into believing I had a kid in Bali and that her whole family was coming to my country
Customer Service Representative Courtesy
You're not going to play fair? Sucks for you.
Mock my music
guy stole my Facebook group name and it is growing !
Doesn't get more embarrassing than that asshole
basic petty
I "charge" a women twice for one room
A Fun Recipe I Made for Package Thieves in My Building
Online revenge
Don't' hold the elevator.
Don't threaten people over the internet
Check your lawn, check your anger
Female deliver driver
Revenge Is A Dish Best Served With Saliva
Personal space lady!
He copied my test answers for an entire semester, I had enough and made him flunk
Pandora Justice
A Chemistry Teacher vs. A Newspaper Carrier- Who do you think wins?
Steal art and leave? I'll make random accounts to troll you.
Petty revenge at a Catan game
The tinder girl who ignored me
Cold Room Wars
Neighbour thinks he owns our parking spots, not anymore!
Should I conduct this petty revenge?
You make noise until 3 A.M. I have to clean up at 8 A.M.
Don’t grade my road, hope you enjoy raccoons and skunks.
My dad makes rude prick install windshields in a storm
Grandma shows up her principal
Keep waking me up at 5:30am?
Another Costco Parking Lot Tale, Inspired to Share by Another User's Anecdote
How to get my revenge
Steal my spot. Have fun getting out.
Stay on my ass and I’ll make you late
So you stole my shoes...
Take THAT with your coffee
The Lion Sleeps Tonight
Lunchtime and petty boss
Condescendingly repeat your order multiple times in a row and then get annoyed when I don’t get it right the first time? Enjoy your goobly chicken.
Con a minister, lose your job and more
Help me to snore
Hit my sister ? Not on my watch
Spotify Hacker has playlist ruined
What I got my Whore Sister in Law for Christmas...
Neighbors Friend Blocked my Driveway, so I gave him a Fake Ticket
Mean to me? No hair dye for you.
"Friend" blows off plans without telling me one too many times.
Ruined Ex-Roomate’s life during quarantine
Petty revenge to rude teacher
This email address stole my credit cardBeing a d-bag at band camp will cost you
I hyped up a closed bar for some obnoxious drunks.
Continuous gift card revenge over a lifetime.
A Teacher's revenge
karma for my deadbeat father
Almost hit my car because you're mad I honked at you, enjoy my brights for 3 blocks.
Pair of socks left under my pillow. How about a taste of your own medicine?
I see you can't use your phone either
Crowd Surfing Revenge
How i got my mom a ear-full from her father.
Lady thinks she can park wherever she wants, so I box her in.
The best moment ever
angering me on fortinte i scare you to death
Window seat is cold?Window Sales Guy is 20+ Minutes Late
What's the best silent revenge?
Walk A Mile in My Intestines
Bad parking blocking gate
Tailgating Tosser
I dislike my coworkers. Part 2
Being rude to a fellow runner grants you access to reading rainbow
Keep us up late? Well you get to wake up early.
not petty revenge, but payback in the works. (long read)
Roller tag
smug mother took my parking spot
I forced a major ski resort to pay for a new tram.
Test post (will delete)
Football player is mocked for missing a penalty by a player from the opposing team.  The player who originally missed scores shortly after and celebrates in front of the player that mocked him.
It all started with a 50 year old man saying he knows my friends address.
Don't drink your patients' POP!
A special kind of person tried to screw me on craigslist, I want sweet sweet revenge. I have him email and phone number, what should I do to him?
sabotaging a meal from a jackass who sabotaged mine
So you want to go first?
High school revenge
My roommate stopped paying me utilities so...
Petty revenge at the coffeeshop
So the Roommate Got a Dog
a rude cashier and his pen
Bitter Candy
This guy was a complete asshole to all camera operators, it is my pleasure to show his slip-up to reddit
I hope you're well
Airshow Revenge
Cut into my customer service minute demanding immediate attention... I'll say what they can't.
How to tell his wife &amp; let karma do it’s job?
Well, if it's going to be like that...
Bully relentlessly picks on me, over and over, then accuses me of rape. I'm a Girl.
Autoparts Ahole gets a visit from - corporate - winkwink
Creepy Weirdo Revenge
Won't be needing this
Enjoy your fucking toast, bitch.
Shitty cab service
Flake on me? I'll make sure the whole world knows your secret.
I guess you didn't need that class
Update: Remember that illegally parked ferrari?
I'm going to park my car in front of your house forever now just to piss you off.
Revenge on an asshole in my math class
Guess I'll be really smelly
Use my room as your dump? Time to lose your things
Stop messing with my A/C.
Privacy vs Groceries
Cyber cafe owner charged me double because I downloaded a small file. Enjoy perpetual bootloops on your machines...
This real estate website wouldn't stop embedding my friends video even after he asked, so he changed it to a unicorn brushing his teeth.
Dont pis
Petty Aunt
Girl bullied for having falt chest
Fellow petty revengers, what’s the best way to deal with people who are on their speakerphones in public places?
TIRED of NEIGHBORS playing basketball!!!!!
Yell in my ear? Let me "destroy" your PC.
No commission for you!
The secret petty revenge behind an engagement ring.
I drove my spanish two teacher insane
Revenge on roommate's annoying cat
Do you ouija wanna mess with me?
So I'm selling my ex's (Satans) wedding dress on eBay...
Don't EVER mess with my video games
I sue a construction company over 20 dollars
I won.
Getting back at old bullies feels GREAT!
I Cost My Mom $120
My Uncle the Indian Giver and the Gun
Petty revenge against my own son
Run the STOP sign in front of Publix? OK!
We walked in on him
Out Acting an Actor (High School Drama)
No you
Fancy a scavenger hunt?
Try and bully me into gambling? Enjoy your ban.
Internet Warrior learns he's not so tough.
So I had a mod get mad at me a while back for making up fake rules on r/fakefacts, the mod recently became the top moderator of the sub and then banned me and then gave me my own rule put in the sub about “not posting fake rules.” It was really funny
Make my work harder? I end your fun!
You don't get the exclamation point.
Lost Wallet in the lake and kids
Thats a Spicy Pizza
Bag hider
please call this cheater, 5193860077
Rude bicyclists get a taste of their own behavior
Recurring petty revenge on cab drivers
Sometimes revenge happens when it is not intended!
Yell at me for using my own power? Deal with this, then.
Steal from me, piss on you.
Call me an uber-nerd and be a thief? Have a very wet Halloween!
Unmatched
passive agressive parking flyer.
Glued Someone's Chair In Sixth Grade...No Regrets
Don’t be an asshole to a potential car buyer.
Wasting Verizon's Time
My unsuspecting, meddling coworker is about to lose her job and hopefully her boyfriend.
Wanna use all my shit? Well here’s a body washer for you
Not A Strong Wiper
That dilemma when you're proven wrong but don't want to admit it
Rude lady didn't like my natural speaking voice, so I used it as "naturally" as I possibly could
One of my coworkers is consistently rude and unhelpful to everyone...
R/petty revenge
A most petty revenge
Get rid of your shit air fresheners.
I hear silence can be uncomfortable
Don't be a b**** to the "secretary"
I have the biggest asshole neighbors. I want to be extremely annoying.
Camaro Double Parked
Revenge on GF Cheating On Deployed Soldier (Not me, but good)
Try to race me in your douchemobile? We'll see about that.
How I deal with thieves and bullies.
Shoplifter thinks she's so smooth...
I've been playing the long game
I broke what he wanted most
You want to be a dick? Fine, I'll be one too.
I need help
He screwed with a whole platoon. We screwed him back.
Please help me spam this number
Take my spot I'll waste your time!!!
Taking a page out of John Mulaney's book.
Cardio Parking
Stopped a bully mispronouncing my name.
Don’t piss off the owner of the car. I will hide the keys. Sucks for you. Told to post this from r/Fuckery University.
No, I haven't seen your random missing items
Have fun with that cold
Sure, you can try to steal my pen!
Don't you dare kick me out of my seat for a friend, when you could move as well
Well, I'll be dormed...
You don't want to answer my calls even though I know you're there? I'll mess up your notification bar
Ask me out as a joke? Good luck travelling without your passport
Duct cleaning services
Eat my lunch and suffer the consequences
Selling a house and new buyer is nitpicking everything......
Fireworks for Oil and Gasshole
Cheat on me and talk shit about for 10 years? OK I just destroyed your marriage (to the guy you cheated on me with).
Customer revenge
Keep us awake again bitch.
Evil little dog revenge
You want me to clean the bathroom on a Friday night when I have a friend over for a movie marathon? Fine I’ll show you how I clean the bathroom
Wholesome revenge: meal tickets
Why Don’t You Move Your Car In Our Driveway?
Get suspended for a little prank
Betray me. Enjoy losing money and getting suspended.
Gym goddess learns how to use a bike
Treat me like a dog? Eat like a dog.
What Goes Around Comes Around
Hogging the Queen: a group revenge story.
Petty Birthday Revenge...
Learn how to put eggs in the refrigerator
Big SUV parked a little too close
over work me but under-work other students, have fun translating Chinese
My friend pissed me off...
I AM the guitar hero
Monday Morning Encounter with Asian Grandma
Play Nice
Trip me once shame on you, trip me twice FOOD on you
Help me go undercover
Stress test
Who Are You Calling a Pig?
You don't need me right?
Ew nigger
A bit of revenge against the husband's mistress and one-night stand
Someone used my email address to sign up for affair dating
"Hurry-the-fuck-up-with-my-fries Bitch!"
PR Request: What would you do?
Stabbing threat and nursing care. So this was removed from Pro revenge and told to post here.
The day my co-worker tricked my manager into punching a 12 year old in the face (x-post from /r/talesfromretail)
Those were MY waffles!
Loyal dance teacher
Fake Friend uses me for rp and his fetishes, gets his account deactivated
Working in Retail
Female classmate thinks she can boss over anyone
A got some payback on a annoying coworker!
Parking nazi revenge
Spoiled Hillbilly Child
Disrupt my work? Enjoy no Toilet paper.
My revenge with certain animal owners
I let my abusive ex get swamped in medical bill late fees from the night we broke up
A stupid girl continued using MY number on WhatsApp and blocked my business clients!
Make me wet? Enjoy getting eaten!
Accidental phone revenge on cheating ex-girlfriend
My asshole roommate just left for a 2 week vacation....and left her car parked in a handicap zone.
Park in our space? Then enjoy our bins
Don't be mean in another language
Bully me for a year, I'll waste your time and money!
What happens when you falsely accuse me of being a sockpuppet
I flashed my mother to get some privacy during quarantine
I don't want to sleep with your boyfriend, but I'll find someone who will!
Tailgater beware!
I don't put up with corporate BS without exacting a price for my wasted time.
Kid in my class makes fun of my friend, my friend exposes him in a discrete way.
Don't touch my Laundry!!!
Only one dryer at the condo and you're leaving your clothes in there on my laundry day?
My Teacher gets back at librarian in the most petty way
My boyfriend poisoned someone
A dumb person in class
Enjoy your ticket. I'll enjoy my revenge.
If you are a jerk, your card's declined. So sorry!
This is my desk, there are many like it, but this one is mine.
Pettiness in its tastiest form
My girlfriend's roommate is the biggest mooch
Have a lizard...
My B-Day came late, and this seller ate the cost!
When your roommate’s singing the kitty litter blues....No ranch sauce for you!
Enjoying my free internet.
Minecraft Private Eye
Dude is a dick to me for no reason so I filled his produce full of water
Enjoy your messy hands.
I logged my sister out of all her websites.
Got fired for checking on the development of my baby. I deleted his business website!
The Drum Van
Mijn piemel is homo
Use your own damn bathroom!
Yell at me for following instructions? Say goodbye to your $10k paycheck.
Milk is a good source of protein
Asshole PISSED me off!Step brother screws me on cell bill when I tried to help him, I bought 80$ worth of gifts for his daughter using his money 3 years later.
Cut off a volunteer firefighter? Bad idea
I helped make certain she got kicked out of nursing school
Overeager collections agent gets petty revenged
Change you information.
revenge on ex's fwb
A dollar for a walk
So you want to be rude . . .
Introducing some pop culture to a Christian MLM company.
I must have misdialed, you say? Sorry sir, I'll dial it again.
I hate my apartment manager and I want to make her job harder
Block the parking lot, I take the next spot
You stole them, you sort them
Ride my bumper and I'll be petty af
No tank top at school no shirt behind your house.
Call this girl, she cheated on me and egged my car
Passive Aggressive Flatmate #1
Attack of the rabid feminazi. Get in trouble for using a door.
Bully me in primary school, good luck with your education! :)
I hope you get sick!
How to get rid of a douchebag at a concert
I sent 1000 emails on penis enlargement
I took the biggest dump in an a**wipes bath tub
Followed My Managers Orders to the Letter
Stupid driver at my school
Picture wars
We out here boi (In a literal sense)
Be an ass? Enjoy the cold feet.
Seafood Department learns not to complain about 99s.
About that time off...no.
A redneck yelled at my girlfriend for pulling over on the side of a road to take a picture of an old broken down truck... Not a great revenge, but thanks Google for not only getting a picture of the truck, but mapping it out.
You almost hit me, and then expect me to help you?
3 College Students try to fight Security, but end up getting arrested
my ex is driving me nuts so I made a tumblr that details his desperate text messages
Now see here boy
Energy company smuggly tells me their customer service is fine
Revenge is mine!!
University roommate she-devil gets kicked out and faces fine
The revenge of his dreams
"In case anybody needs it."
your gonna make fun of my relatives?? hope you got what you where looking for
A Case of Wetty Revenge
Petty revenge - my brand new sneakers
Talk shit about our boss? No paper clips for you
One upping a petty revenge attempt at work.
I'll put my trash out whenever I please!
Pine-Fresh Justice
My annoying flatmate.
Satisfying revenge on an obnoxious woman.
I seriously want to pay someone to slash my ex's tires, or put sugar in his gas tank.
Out of the blue I remembered a teacher I had in high school who was a complete ass. I looked him and one of those "rate my teacher" sites came up first, so I just destroyed him and rated him a 1. Victory.
Overpay me for tickets!!!
When my wife makes me mad..
The Algroshawga Pt 3: Ruckus in the mall
Never, and I mean NEVER, hit an abused dog
Be a picky bitch about the dryers? Enjoy your damp clothes.
"You're a douchebag and your children will grow up to be nothing but douchebags"
Leave the tank empty AGAIN? Fine, I won't fill it up either.
Help me create my story for petty revenge
Prank call
Try to cheat on me? Cool, I’ll just fuck your crush
Rude Tourist Is Too Stupid To See What's - Literally - In Front Of Him.
Failed Attempt at Petty Revenge on Mom's Meandering Voice Mails
Walt gets petty...(Breaking Bad)
Great Grandfather's petty revenge on a nosy neighbour.
Sorry, we're closed.
No tip = Free Food For Someone in Need
Tell me I’m not doing good enough? Have fun replacing me.
Why can't I post anything?
Currently pissed off at my sister for not putting any toilet paper on the roll. Any ideas?
Scammer Gets Scammed
Camp Parking Lot Revenge
Embarrass me at work? Explain to your boss why your desk is moaning and covered in glitter.
You called me a slave? Enjoy a drink you don’t like
Park your crotch rocket on my grass?
Karma's a bitch, and so am I
Hope you enjoy cat food.
Common Courtesy
Stop me from hustling old clothes? Enjoy the added 30 seconds to each morning.
Calling a team of two baristas slow while rushing to serve 50+ customers? Guess who's not getting the tea they wanted.
Yes, please tell me about your funeral insurance
He said he wanted proof, so I gave it to him.He took over my bathroom while i had a broken ankle and couldn't use it... so I used cologne on his stuff!
teens hanging around my car so i sound the alarm
PR on a highly-annoying and rude neighbor.
Whenever my mum and I have an argument, I use her electric toothbrush to give the cats a tummy massage. They love it and she will never know.
He called me gay
A small hotel revenge.
Destroying a cheater. Should I do it?
My petty pub revenge
tl;dr title: I was the highest earner for my job's regular charity drives. I got laid off, and didn't bother even trying my last day out of spite, so the daily donations were a tenth of what they should have been.
I've actually come here for idea
Waste time at my job? I'll waste 2 hours of yours.
Don't mess with your future mailman.
Honk at me...take this ticket
Sorry for the inconvenienceProselytizing? Talk to the door!
Old guy tries his hand at Pavlovian conditioning, learns about the beautiful art of selective memory
I would hate me too
Got the apartment manager back when we left
Revenge leaves a bad taste in roomies mouth and a warm feeling in my heart.
Want to pass me on the road going 20 over? Alright then
It's one thing not to tip, it's another to be proud about it
calling me out
This is why you need to learn your place as a new employee.
WWYD? Enemy's accounts
Use me to get my boyfriend, I'll just show you how happy I am with him
Almost hit me with your bicycle? Have fun walking home.
Mario Party
KFC gives you 5cents change on go buckets and
Welcome to the bank- where everything's made up and the rules don't matter!
Take up two parking spaces? I lightly deface your BMW.
Out of work ChoosingBeggar gets sent packing
T-Mobile staff got hostile and told me to leave, so I pulled 12 alarms on my way out
Burn Book Sabotage
Petty revenge on my sister.
Battle of the Bands
ncej
Old grumpy bastard got bested!
Didn't thank me when I saved you a few seconds? I'll make you lose them!
Squatting in my house
Revenge while getting "coned"
Gee, I hope I didn't scratch your car!
I caught a Mosquito and tore its wing off.
Condescending Cow crossposted from r/talesfromyourserver
I ducking love karma
after being told I'm not the best artist to exist ever I've created a song that states otherwise
No drinks for you sweetheart.
My master plan against McDonalds
Does it Count if We Didn't Know?
Cancel our date plans last minute? Enjoy not seeing my puppy on snapchat anymore!
A Roommates Revenge
3am shower revenge is sweet.  Oh yes it is!
Don't Have A Cow.
My mother says shes happy my grandfather was dead she gets a tiny flashback to her broken jaw
Don't F**K with another man's vehicle
Yell at me for having my visitor park in the visitor zone?
I will go when I think its safe, not when you do.
6025279847
Of Trash Runs and Dirty Tables
Anyone ever used email revenge
Never forget the ranch dip
Call me every day for 2 months? Ok lets play
No good deed today.
Break my stuff? Ill take yours. ;)
Be an unsympathetic ass? Have fun next time you start your car.
Don't buy a train ticket then have the nerve to ask for directions - then enjoy going the wrong way... Come back to complain, have an £80 ($100) fine too
Don't tell me how to draw a circle! (Warning: Math inside)
So I cropdusted a child last Christmas...
Shock of a life time
I will not let him in.
The Keys to Revenge
Sure I'll save your trash!
Feetz don't fail me now
Don't ride my ass, motorcyclist.
the REAL revenge
So our neighbor asked us to move our stuff
The time the teacher tried to fight me
Don't cruise in the passing lane!
Kid takes shit about me behind his back, get the most annoying form of revenge.
Hugh Troy's revenge against a NYC cop
Dunkin Donuts
Revenge on ex boyfriend
You knocked me up and then left me
Careful who you flip off (x-post r/truckers)
I copied her engagement ring
Pee is stored in the balls.
Enjoy your energy drinks.
Spammer defends right to spam medical clinic, employee uses that same logic to ensure it will never happen again
The study club &amp; chocolate
Keep gaming? You’ll have to sit through this then
You don't want to follow the process? I'll follow it to the letter then.
You can use the Spotify, but not without getting this song stuck in your head!
Steal From Me, I'm Gonna Make Sure You Lose Your Kids
Happy Birthday Brain!
Poor service
Oh, you want a return call? How about one at 1:30 AM?
My ex stalked me for 6 years and got blocked by people they admire.
An eye for an eye
"You missed a spot"
Make me wash the dishes including those not supposed to be on my turn? I will NOT wash all of them.
Mom tells me to do the dishes or somthing while im pissed off i decide on some petty revenge
Bullies, please don't fuck with people that know how to use computers or technology.
Screw me over the entire semester? Hope you enjoyed sweating your ass off
Necessary Evil
Revenge is a dish best served slooooooowwwww
Someone blew up my friends house on Minecraft so I completely trashed theirs
Mom’s petty revenge backfired
A story of petty revenge in the video game Destiny.
Orange Gatorade
Can't take the Heat get outta the kitchen
Guy punches my car window, gets a DUI
Harass me to Join your MLM Down-line for two months? I'll Sink your new "business" before it even starts
nuclear revenge principle shuts down my candy business so i got him fired
The story of the stork and the fox
Sweet, sweet, coffee-flavoured revenge
Grandma taught high school kid a lesson
need ideas on quick and subtle revenge
Dog poop in an apartment complex.
Link to the mother-load of pettiness and where most of you probably came from.
Gonna be a dictator in a simple 1 hour poetry class? Enjoy a ridiculous poem by Sprog for your final.
I can't enjoy my dumb humor? Enjoy your demerit!
I piss off neighbors
Fine, I won't pay for the item I want to purchase
You wanna be a complete asshole? Two can play that game.
Refuse to clean? No worries, I'll clean up after you... 😈
Nearly get me into an accident? Enjoy having to park haphazardly.
Enjoy your soggy surprise.
Customer laughed when my voice cracked while talking to him... jokes on him I spat in his burger.
Nothing unites kids quite like revenge.
Having fun? Not if i have to spend my life in a stroller!
That one time I made a twat lose his part in a school play
How do I get Revenge?
Petty Revenge with Whipped Cream on Top
I need some ideas people
My teacher mad me mad.  Did I get revenge?   Its not too flattering.
Using your own words against you
Just some dumb revenge on some tattle
Some Flames Should Just Be Extinguished.
Sorry, I didn't know it was due today.
She will now think of her son when she has sex with her boyfriend.
Be an indispensable employee, then bolt.
Laxitiv in food
Don't wanna thank me for practically keeping the server up? Fine, I'll do the opposite.
"Voulez-vous coucher avec moi, ce soir?"
Don't be a leech
So, is it heavy enough for you?
NSFW (for language lol) Pitiful.. oh so good tho HA-HA! 👉
My sister me got me in trouble, so I had a little petty revenge
Don't yell at your car wash attendant before they've even done anything
Revenge is a dish best served...at whatever temperature you see fit.
My cousin teaches some fart tart a lesson about being rude
Want to curse at me profusely when I take your call? Have fun getting more pissed.Old Van
Close the door!
Enjoy those wrinkles
My son decided to act out so I shaved his hair off all the way down to the scalp and rubbed balding gel on his head afterwards
Library Book Petty Revenge
Equal parts karma and petty revenge.
Carry them by yourself
Make something delicious smelling for dinner? Two can play at that game.
Operation Demon Daycare
The Evil Fork
Do I need to send a Doll?
Chipotle doesn't like $100 bills
My roommate kept drinking my sodas, even after I told him to stop. I decided to disturb him during his "happy" time.
Suggest I'm a criminal and treat me like a child? Fuck your ego.
I tried to tell them, but they didn't listen.
The Tuna Lady
You don't get a hug.
Poured Water on Noisy, Drunk Rude Neighbors from Second Floor
Hit on my date in front of me, enjoy the dick pics.
Bf is struggling with alcoholism... so I made a "mixed" drink for him
Don't wanna turn down your heating unit? I'll make sure you start the day in the freezing cold.
There’s a famous rock song with your name in it? What a coincidence! That’s my FAVORITE song to play when I’m not at home!
Swerving like you're in Men in Black when you're a mid-30's/F driving some black soccer mom van? Fuck you.
It's a sing-along!
Beep Beep Baby - An angry contractors Revenge
If you Sprinkle...
You treat us like crap and then you stroll in like nothing happened? Let me get a teeny tiny bit of revenge.
I'm not going to spoil Endgame for you, YOU'RE going to spoil Endgame for you.
No chewing gum in class
Robin Hood
College bitch petty payback
Guess I CAN afford an Acura...
Annoying classmate revenge.
Old Neighbor vs Young Prick
Fuck my friend, let loose the nudes!
Shipping my ex his stuff
Make fun of my manhood to my gf? Enjoy your forbidden food.
I need ideas for some sweet petty revenge on brother
Put super glue in my roommates door lock
Don't rsvp? No boxes for you.
You aren’t playing fair? Neither will we.
Almost hit my car I'll make it hard for you to get out of your csr
Block my path? I'll block yours back
It’s not so funny now is it
Stealing my drier
Embarrased My Bully
Throw your dishes in with mine? Good luck.
What I do if I'm ever mad at my dad.
College Laundry.
You want to take a creepy photo of me? Fine, see how you like it.
I was the petty revenge victim and 38 years later it’s still funny to me.
Enjoy being forced to talk to me personally or have your curiosity kill you
I made a 7 year old cry.
Accuse me of giving students alcohol and try to get me fired? Have fun coming out of retirement!
Keep your twitter private....
Rude guy gets karma
Lose your shit at me?!? let me kill you with kindness
Puppy Vigilante
Revenge by accident?
Don't use up tape that isn't yours
An interesting comeback from a divorce
You messed with the wrong person
Be rude and treat us like 6 year olds? Hope you like whip cream
Petty revenge on Buzzfeed
My ex tried to make me jealous so I made her cat smellier
My mom got a teacher fired
Pizza with extra revenge, hold the mushrooms
Im trying to get revenge
Ex Girlfriend snooping
Beyond Scared Straight - Xbox Live Edition
I may have taken it too far but I had a bad day.
New revenge subreddit!
Cheat on me? Say hello to me everyday
I beat my asshole colleague.
One man vs the rest of the platoon.
Old lady gym demands front 1/2 of the parking lot and demonstrates great hypocrisy. I get my revenge in my own small way.
Fine. I will take away your customers.
Check yoself before you wreck yoself.
Petty public shaming
Be rude, and they will make you pay
Revenge against advertiser BS
No soup for you!
Take MY spot in bed, I'll show a dog who's alpha...
My police officer aunt gets her food tampered with because of the mere fact that she is a police officer. Revenge ensues.
"Would you like to dona-  ok fine.."
Crayons
Don't eff with the mama bear!
I blocked my sister from parking 😂😂
I hope he learned his lesson!
I'll wait on my penny
Taking down a tinder jerk
Eat my cookie? Eat ALL the cookies.
Try to pull a bait 'n switch on me?
I get petty revenge on my asshole superintendant
So the plan is to make me take the orders, fulfill the orders, use my card, calculate the totals per person to quickpay, and pick up my goodbye lunch?
Mess with my laundry? Bye bye clothes.
Refuse teamwork for booze, will you?
Fire me, I'll shut down your point of sale
Farm Folk vs City Crew.
Got a co-worker fired for baiting me.
The cold never bothered me anyway.
Sweet Revenge On Asshole Driver
Stolen ashtrays
Ruined My Life and I Took Her Mans
Pettiest of the Pettiest Winner: secant90
2109547995
Enjoy your KitKat.
Letting the rude neighbors enjoy my remix of Go-Go, Heavy Metal and Polka Music.
Cut ahead of me? Hope you like waiting...
Take credit for my code, I'll mispronounce your name.
New employee is rude and condescending towards me? Enjoy your 3 year old BlackBerry!
Filling the call list of a transport company
Treat me like an asshole? Hope you didn't like your knife.
Highlight this, bitch!
Damn you Kenny
Parking Spot Wars!
Pregnant women want their food!
Karma's A Pussy
So, you dont like to see the dish washer putting fresh clean dishes on the salad bar, huh?
Ruin my weight-loss success moment? Get called out for being fatter than me.
Friend got heartbroken because the friend of the guy she was dating broke them up. I broke up his current girlfriend without him realizing it was on purpose.
That's what you get for piggybacking off my Spotify.
Gassy Wrath (Warning: Long)
You want to talk to my boss after being rude to me? Sure!
Take advantage of me? Buy your own damn coffee.
Parking cop and firefighters decided to get petty revenge when I tell them not to tow a truck.
First day of university win!
You’re not evicting me, I’m leaving you, with a bottles of piss
I went around a slow car, he turned his brights on, I got behind him again and did it too
Got back the money my ex-roommate swindled me out of
Want to keep me out of the loop? Fine I'll make your job as awkward as possible.
Throw your garbage at me ... enjoy a watery surprise
Chris Jenkins
F$@? your cookies!
don't come between me and the ashtray
You want the Xbox well so do I. (My first post and also I am not on mobile so you can judge me but before you do I am a 12 year old boy)
Annoying Bullies=Revenge
My fries are old
Old Fool Messes With Wrong Bartender
How to sass out your bullying bus driver.
Long awaited revenge on a roommate from hell
Make my girlfriend hate me? Ok then...
Nice Audi, Dude
Try to extort money from me? Enjoy losing contents of your stomach
Think I'm a little kid? At least I'm not the one in trouble!
My ex gets dumped, I get my friends back
If you won't, I will!
Idiot throws ball at my friend so we throw the ball in a dumpster
I got let go because of a shitty laptop that didn't work.
Not revenge... but I got around my dad's irrational Internet restrictions after 3 months of desperation. (Sorry if wrong place)
Spotted: Excellent Petty Revenge in Breaking Bad
Mess with me? How about I ruin your school life?
An Omega wristwatch gets destroyed - Accidentally Petty
My brother "saved my life"
It's Tricky, isn't it Greg?
Revenge most prime
You don't know? I don't know either.
Not letting me study? Fine, no kids or dignity for you!
I kicked my friends crutch over a water bottle
I know I'm a jerk...
Bring a whole basket through an express line? No beer for you!
Go ahead say supervisors are useless, watch what we can do you
You're going to think you're going the wrong way but just keep going
I achieved revenge on behalf of a radio DJ and it paid off quite well.
Roomate’s Revenge
Mess with the bull, get the (car) horn
Entitled Parking Lot Lady
Gonna throw a hissy fit when I won't let you into the bar without I.D., well in a few years my words of wisdom will always haunt you.
Eat Food in my class after I say no food, it goes in the garbage.
Bar wench revenge
Killed my mother-in-law with kindness to a stranger
I started dating my dad’s friend’s daughter
do your worst
Refuse to compromise for a pet peeve? You just lost your stuff.
Why would anyone even steal an open gatorade?
Throwback to College- I Had the Pettiest, Most Wonderful Friends
Here Kitty Kitty Kitty!
Revenge on my Spoiled Sister
An almost revenge or the dumbest thing I may have ever thought..
My brother got revenge on an entire town
Not acting so tough now
Free number to use for dodgy websites
Someone did the unthinkable
Break my pencil? I'll help you fail your test.
Mean Teacher Karma ^^
Flirt with My Friend on Our Date? Enjoy the Bill!
Stop being Selfish!
Revenge at the deli
Friend is generally insulting to me, so taste this sweet sweet revenge
I hate my grandma, so I did all the house chores and took EXTRA good care of her
Want to assault an innocent person? Enjoy the "disease"
Enjoy the music
You leave pubic hair in my cup? No hot water for you.
My leg hair is long out of spite
Screw over my reputation? Dont worry, I'll get you back.
Made pizza for my wife and I tonight
Be an ass for 3 weeks? Feel the wrath of a russian.
my very short stories in petty revenge
"Here, let me throw that away for you."
How I taught my brother bathroom etiquette
If you use all my things on a daily basis, you'd best be nice to me.
For the roommate who refuses to clean up her cooking grease...
My former room mate
I exacted the most minor revenge I could upon my landlord today.
Troll better
Spitting kid gets his comeuppance!
Can't charge my card if there ain't no money on it...
Have some free Crab
Don’t want to be polite? Have fun waiting.
Be and general a-hole? Enjoy the cat poop
Knowing your town's laws...
Call me out in front of my team? I'll take care of you!
You wanna make a personal meal in the middle of a rush? of course that's not a problem
Don't abuse the generosity of others.
Got laid off from job after 8 months I stuck company for thousands in relocation bonus after signing a lease to rent a room.
As a referee I have too many opportunities to be petty, here's one of them.
Kids are allowed to use chalk
I tripped a little shit.
Be an ass, and lose games on your laptop.
How You Like Dat Soda??
Found my high school bullies homemade porno.
Complain about the coffee in an unreasonable fashion? Enjoy not sleeping.
Don’t be mean to people who know your deep dark secret!!
Got back at so called incel friend of 2 years for vaguebooking me and making fun of my relationship
Entitled neighbor feels like taking 2 parking spaces
A pair of track shorts
Little white lie leads to big consequences
Just found this sub, curious about demographics...
Guy wanted to look at clearance I was there first
Apartment parking
Enjoy the power bill, MUM!
Why Toys Shouldn't Have 'Try Me' Mode
LAWN JUSTICE now has an official Facebook page.
DiatribeFuck your collection of plastic utensils
I Have his number
Cashew Cache
Internet troll got annoying, so we put him in his place
Tale of vehicle repossession and non-specific gossip.
Step-mom messes with friend's life. She embarasses her in the most petty way
Blame me for sleeping with with your girl and ill double team her
MIL kept stealing her son’s rings and now he got one she can’t remove.
Dismiss me? Keep your cum-stache then.
Destroyed a kid by calling him the female genitals
Grandma’s revenge
Be a bad friend? I think I'll frame it!
My step sister keeps stealing from my mother and I.
Go ahead, steal my card
Fighting highbeams with 10 million candlepower
I made a conspiracy government video about my friend's inability to drive. He deleted all my comments on his Fortnite videos. So introducing Martha Fleck, a top tier YouTuber.
Run over my leaf bags? Not any more you won't
Take candy from little kids? Enjoy getting soaked.
Crazy Religious Aunt Betrays my Trust, I respond CALMLY for once in my LIFE
For what it's worth, the party did look like a lot of fun.
7 y/o me lost it to my ex bestfriend during a dual exam
Use protection before you fuck yourself
Insist on tailgating? Enjoy your wait.
I appreciate message previewsRefuse To Fix A Basic Computer Issue, Be Prepared to Have It Messed With
You bullied me and denied it. You are a social worker and you were hired to HELP me. I'm just starting getting back at you.. it ain't over yet B. Revenge is a dish best served COLD
Mom acts like a child, I show her who's the child in the house
Hit me with a soda can? Hope you enjoy tube smell of elephant poop and sewer combined in your private bathroom
Pushy old lady in China refuses to wait in line
(17M)
Inconsiderate roommate gets a clean apartment
Drink my Red Bull and I'll drink your milk straight from the carton bitch!
Interloping poopers get laughed away
Lie to save a few bucks? How about you waste some time instead
Happy 4th of July
Scam me out of my delicious flan cake? I'll make your life harder
Do your job wrong? Then so will I.
Revenge story of today made me popular?
I made my noisy housemate walk up and down stairs multiple times every night
Ran into another middle school bully at the bar and flatten his already deflated ego...
I Told You Your Order Would Be Ready At 3:30pm. You Don't Need To Call Every 15 Minutes To Check. I'll Make You Pay For Your Impatience.
Fired for Facebook
Over the last few months I have been secretly putting tiny pebbles in the shoes of my roommates girlfriend who doesn’t pay rent.
If a 5 year old needs to pee, he will
Fuck your shampoo!
Clueless person was following me with high beams on on the highway.
Stop hitting and kicking me or i will kick you with scoocer shoes
Boss learnt about fair time keeping
Reoccurring petty revenge
Man Buys 23 Burger King Apple Pies to Spite a Small Child
You thought you took my juice, well you took my urine sample..
Over $6
Short, sweet, and petty.
Required by the military to give proper greeting of the day...ok!
Want me out of a seat? I'll just move closer.
Light my hair on fire. Wash your backseat out
Payback is a bitch
4am cooking sessions and block my car? Enjoy a watery surprise
Act rude because you had to wait because I am the only one working?
Nosey co-worker gets the memo
Backstab Fail
Flipping the flippers
Bright light Jeep
do you want tea with your ice?
Call an 8-year old a f*cking idiot? I don't think so...
My Vine for Puke revenge.
Clog my toilet? Have fun getting to work with no keys.
Enjoy your fucked up back
Accuse me of stealing g your Wal-Mart brand shampoo and conditioner could be dangerous for your hair.
Fuck you, get your own wifi.
Be rude and discourteous to me as I’m explaining our store’s safety standards? Wait longer for me to shut up.
Instant justice Australia.
Revenge on dude that hit me
Fool me once, shame on you - fool me twice, I'll fuck with your life.
Don’t want to give up the seat?
Don't Hit My Line
Ongoing petty revenge on my dad
Karma revenge strikes at 30,000 feet in the air
This is an Among Us petty revenge story. I hope you enjoy!
Hey, listen!
Sales lady completely ignores me and helps another instead... misses out on a big commission
Simple but oh so sweet
Porta potty vs clean bathroom
Sucks to be you
Classmates broke the rules and tried make me leave with the help of a teacher who ends up convincing them to leave.
Don't park like a dick
Heavy metal neighbour
Unhappy hour
Being an obnoxious little shit? I get paid to scream in your face.
I want help
Don't want to follow directions? Enjoy being stuck in traffic
Replace the toilet paper.
Some guy spoiled The Red Wedding for me. Two years later, I got my revenge (Post contains spoilers for Game of Thrones)
I don't like being shouted at.
There's assigned seating for a reason
My mornings are getting much better
My fix it all
Gab on your phone? Just you wait for delicious chicken.
Any Sissy want to be own if you are interested dm me on kik....mommy00011
Simple, immediate, and deliciously petty
Make me drive without a license? I shall have my petty revenge!
Why you short me a meatball??
PoS teacher gets what she deserved
Counted it twice you say? Don't worry, I'll make it back.
Black Tail
Harass me on a bus when I'm feeling unwell? Well that's just gonna cost you your degree.
Enjoy putting your fixtures together.
Cleaning the shower
Need ideas on how to get revenge on ex
Wobble pan
The branded toilet roll is MINE!
No blessing for you!
Albert Lambert it is!
So mad at my husband right now....
Make your own lemonade? Then no dessert for you.
Landlord attempts to evict tenant with 2 weeks notice and gets a “nasty” surprise
This girl used to hit on my boyfriend early on in our relationship, so now whenever I see her Google account logged in on a school computer, I remove it so she has to type in her email AND password
Want to Help? Call This Scammer With Me!
Wanna scare me into refunding you? How do you like spam mail
Tractor club vs Douche Camry driver
Steal his door? Yours are gone.Walkex (WALK COIN) IEO Rating, Reviews and Details | ICOholder
My bird was being a dick earlier
Cheater gets cheated
Make fun of me and my friends? No party for you!
How do I annoy my landlord?
Can we collectively scam the scammer? (we just want him to lose time, not get anything out of him)
I don't care if it's the fast lane, don't tailgate me.
Revenge taking too far?
Summer camp bullies beaten by a 7 year old.
Go ahead, make a spectacle of yourself. I won't stop you.
Insult my tastes? How about 3 computers playing a song that you have to turn off - Friend got fired
Coworkers tried to get rid of me, I annoyed them.
My brother and I were treated different in the most annoying ways possible, but I got a little petty revenge... (LONG STORY)
I disabled the self-balancing mechanism on my hoverboard after a kid took it from me, and he was sent to the hospital.
Guy talks on phone and gets ID'D
A woman was dumb enough to tell her two children cruel things abt me while I was standing next to her in an elevator
How to get even with an a$$hole shopkeeper!
Pagers, phone books and overalls.
Canteen Justice - Swift, Effective
A lovely story of the trash getting taken out.
That's Her Lesson Learned!
For the first time in my life, I took pleasure in honking the hell out of a car not seeing the light turned green
Snow Revenge on Local Government
I wrote a bad review about my boss and he was asked to leave.
Douchemobile gets barbiefiedI work as a dishwasher, and after being treated like shit for months I’m thinking about doing something....when everyone leaves and the time comes to clean I’m thinking about unplugging the fridges and freezers to give them a pleasent surprise for tomorrow.
SBD to the rescue
Wake me up at 2AM? Not without consequences.
A mild inconvenience
Step-Son whined his way out of $1000
Bring me health food..I will get my revenge!
My brother is not one to mess with.
I need help but can't ask for help here (because Rules). Can the sidebar show a list of donatable charities, by country if possible? I have something wicked and petty and awesome in mind.
Thanks, r/pettyrevenge!
Steal disabled parking? Time to declare your unknown love for Harry Styles to the world
secret santa revenge
Not sure if petty or pro but i stuck it an ex gf
No, Its more important for the piano salesman to play, not the customer.
The Lemon Yogurt Scandel
Cliche high school quarterback bullies gay student
My Petty Revenge on Comcast
My step brother stole from me I got his suspended from school for 7 months
Getting in my friend’s personal space. I’ll probably ruin your education
Made a website and product line inspired by a problem neighbor, enjoy. NSFW due to language.
A bitch of an ex-girlfriend bought me aftershave for my birthday once
Today a woman was a total bitch to me at work for no reason. Later I was eating lunch and saw her trip over her own feet. She looked around to see who saw, and I locked eyes with her and smiled. She kept walking and looking at the floor.
Making racist remarks about us? Well, I guess you’re not getting the job then.
I'm using the dryer, wait your turn.
Misbehaving kindergarteners? Enjoy the slightly longer wait for your utensils!
Classic workplace tale of stealing credit
What's more annoying? Answering phone calls or repeatedly checking your voicemail?
Digital trail, darling, digit trail...
Kicked a black guys car while I was crossing the street, punched me in the neck, I called the cops.
Childhood friend with a superiority complex freaks when I "steal" her crush
Screw me out of money? Screw you out of power!
Need extra sauce, you got it.
some people really need to learn patience on their morning commute.
Putting your cars flashers on entitles you to block all traffic - I don't think so.
When i pissed in someones backpack
Revenge is a dish best served with homemade buttercream icing.Because Fuck You, that is why.
Mom hates slow drivers? Well get ready to be in the passenger seat of one!
My dads story, on the asshole Parker.
This is small even for a petty revenge but still: I’m not wishing my SO’s youngest’s brother’s psycho gf a happy birthday today.
Your Cell Phone Can Be Put Down For a Moment
No, but you can have my FB.....
You want to put your feet on my armrest? I have a remedy for that.
Be a condescending, dickish vegan trying to order carry-out? Enjoy a decidedly non-vegan meal when you get home.
Dedicated and petty
Another petty revenge on a bratty waiting room kid.
Got a slice of revenge against my jerk of a band teacher.
Group members present without me
Driving like a jerk? Hope you don't mind being late.
You Want to be an Impatient Asshole? Ok!
Trying to make up claims about something you did with other deaf person is never a good idea!
Yeah, that's MY security deposit.
Cut me off in traffic? Have fun waiting at the gate!
Don't want to tip and say how much you "appreciate me" enjoy picking up your trash.
Psych!
Today I was on the receiving end of petty revenge
Roommatw forced to eat healthy *diabolical laughter*
Summer camp
Sneaky Sean, Sly Sunny, Magnificent Me and the Spicy Bears.
"If I see a firefighter, I'll punch him in the face!"
Nothing says petty revenge like getting one over the mods of a subreddit after they acted in bad faith.
Revenge from a fast food worker
Drink Up!
Scissor Revenge
Don't gossip about tourists in your native language, they might be fluent in it.
Leave your weights lying around at the gym?
Forgot my change? I'll hurt you in the mind.
Bully me? Let's try out this pavlovian conditioning thing!
Don't let the door hit you on the way out
Returned some junk mail today...
The kid across the street got a laser and shot it into our window so I got him back
Finally Conjured Up Some Petty Revenge Against My Brother
Shirts and shirt and still no service
“A Dad demands my steam games after I won’t give it to his son.” Cross posted from r/entitledparents
Parking space denial
Owe me money for 6 months? Enjoy this.
My 20 YO son thinks he is boss of my house. I took a comfort item from his room
Supervisor messed with the wrong pretty bitch
My dogs ate my kittens' food, so my kittens ate my dogs' food
You can't take back donations!
The Pettiest I Have Ever Been: California Gurls
I clean the toilet while you laugh at me
Honk at me? I won't let you move!
Wont let me take maths? I’ll ruin your meeting
How to be petty, yet productive
The elephant child upstairs
Asserting dominance.
Mess with me and you will get your beloved socks stolen.
Dad gets a taste of his medicine!
Go ahead talk on your phone (x-post from r/talesfromretail)
This sub is rubbing off on me - Petty Trash Revenge
Some asshole took my spot after I shoveled 3 spaces for my neighbors and I in subzero temps.. Sucks to suck! (X-post from /r/funny)
YSK about Inulin powder.
Brother cheats me off the family Xbox, I set up a password
You're not going to help with the invitations of your grandson's graduation party? And leave it for only me to do?
don't ever mess with your (pregnant) hairdresser! ;)
It felt good.
Karma takes a turn
My job has perks....
Oh dear, I can't seem to remember which drink was which.
Customer played reverse UNO on her husband
I showed my friend this page, I think he gets it
Hope you packed a toothbrush, bitch.
Merry Christmas, cousin!
You think you're better than everyone else?
Bouncer rejects Legitimate ID
Don't stand so close to me (please)
Made a bully fail an EOC
My bully made me cry so I gave myself a bleeding nose
Over the top revenge
My mom got my brother teacher fired
Be lazy? I'll use the time you could have to clean up.
Guess, who is a normie now huh?
Some old time revenge
Now how does that taste?
Don’t touch anyone’s vehicle, no matter how crappy.
Lie to your employees? Have fun with all those phone calls...
Belittle and insult my five years of hard work? Clearly my work is so poor, you should do it all again. From Scratch. In one week.
Indian roommates eating my food
Make fun of my bad hair day? Enjoy turning in your homework all the way over there.
Rude to me? Enjoy your correction
Take 5 points off my exam, I'll show you up in front of the class
Ask my friend, not the nice black couple, for directions, snippy protestor? You're getting the scenic route.
I hope you enjoy the dick soap like you enjoyed my milk!
Next time you won't spoil a TV show for me...
Make fun of me for being nice? Eat dog food like the B****es you are.
I ruined a local celebrity’s image and got him an appointment with the cops
Short story
Enjoy the concert from the back of the venue!
Wing mirror revenge
Cat fights and my petty revenge
Turn the thermostat down on me? enjoy learning Fahrenheit
Sweet, sweet revenge (literally)
Me and friends on siege spot a pedophile cop hacker and decided to make an investigation
Revenge in progress: what do I say to the con artist on the phone?
Sticking it to a Gym Douche
I told my business partners girlfriend about how he wasn’t a virgin when they met and how he lost it to an escort I paid for.
dont mess with the paper boy.
Sleep on the couch
Petty revenge on crappy E-bay Seller
Don't play the (literal) game player.
Guess who is rocking out to 10 hours of bassy dubstep mix?
I use Pentatonix to fuck with my sister(she deserved it)
Planned Revenge against petty coworker.
Sold me fake weed &amp; started rumors so I got her fired.
You scream at me, no day off for you.
Can't take care of your weeds? Enjoy your new lake.
Not that great, but satisfying
Let that be a lesson to you!
Petty revenge on me!!
Don't cheat on a computer technician, especially if he has complete access to your router
Disown me? I deface your wedding gift.
Keep bothering me in an online match, will you?
You need help with your exam? Sorry, I'm "prohibited" from talking to you!
You're testing my patience.
Enjoy the ticking Ms. M
I apologize that this is not at all petty. Rapist breaks policemans neck, dies of aids.
Petty revenge on my brother
Proud of my younger self.
Nurse tries to scam my Mom and refuses to issue a Refund. Gets tricked into believing we'll sue her for it
Friends ex bf kicked me out and I took all his tp and lightbulbs
The older brother knockout.
Cheat on my friend? Sucks for you.
Brag about karma and be entitled? Enjoy less karma
Chem Lab Revenge (Safe for Lab)
The mispronunciation war
Tactical Tele-Toilet
Steal comedians material to impress a girl? Time for some petty youtube revenge
Don’t talk with your bf excessively loud.
Petty Parking Problems
Ignore the line of people waiting for a computer? Better log off next time.
Don't like my music? Just shake it off, baby
Entitled Parent doesn't want to deal with his garbage. Now he has to.
Update: vaccuming the ceiling to shut the noisy neighbors up.
Shady in the Sunshine State 🌞
Desk Sabotage
The Pie and the Pony, or, The Greatest Christmas Card Ever
Since my last post went so well I figured I'd share another story..
Steal a PlayStation account under my Family Management? Enjoy those 15 minutes of playtime per day.
Don't drive like an asshole if your car stands out
How me and my bro COMPLETELY DESTROYED a person who was cussing at random players in a video game !!!
Don't mess up my windshield.
I won the argument
I'm haunting my neighbor.
Don't touch the Creamer
Bank wants to be stinky, that's fine with me.
Lazy sister revenge! (Ongoing)
My "long" showers costing your electric bill to explode? OK.
Delivery! It's Revenge!
We ran out of money for food, and were low on sugar.
I put REVENGE on my resume
my gym teacher
I have a bit of a temper and this may have been somewhat unjustified, but I think it depends on your opinion of asshole drivers.
Reddit, I need your help: some teens pushed my mother and called her names without me being there to defend her. How can I get my revenge on them without being caught and them being humiliated. I have ther instagram, as my sister was with my mother and knows them. I can get their adress.
Ashley Macon *Callie*
Ex-roommate tries to use my name to get out of trouble; ends up screwing herself over (wait... there's more!)
Slightly inconvenience me, I'll slightly inconvenience you right back.
Annoying neighbor gets what's coming for trying to control my choices.
Ran into S/Os ex-girlfriend
Lady loses her job after stealing a phone
"Your" Food? My cooking utensils.
Mechanic's revenge
If you alienate me, have fun struggling to pass the class
Help me get a little bit of revenge
Amy's stupid candles
Psychotic Landlord
Petty and nasty. But effective.
I give you plenty of notice, but I can't spend my mom's birthday with her before moving cross-country? Okay, I'm leaving now.
Refuse to rent an apartment to my family, see what happens!
Try to embarrass me while I'm serving you? Enjoy eating first. :)
One time a sugar daddy didn’t keep his end of the bargain before leaving the hotel room.
My revenge on Stephen Hawking
Stolen Phone
Giving My Little Sibling a Taste of Their Own Medicine
Make fun of me for no reason at the bar? Alright, enjoy your DUI.
Gonna steal my account? Don’t think so
Get off the bus drunky!
Mini stories of a kid in my class and how karma and revenge happened :3
Petty Server Revenge
I'm petty and did something petty
Repeated Telemarketer Caller gets Angry
Being racist in the bathroom? Have fun being suspended!
Don’t TOUCH the jukebox till you’ve used up your 63 credits? Got it!
Spoil the new Spider-Man game for me? Enjoy failing the semester.
Girl Power!
The Parking Fucker, has become the Parking Fuckee
Road justice
“This is self-explanatory.”
My dad takes revenge
Trying to be obnoxious, new coworkers? Watch my sorcery...
Revenge on tourists
You forget your manners, I'll forget your groceries.
Never ever try to hurt someone in grief
All of the SHIT he has coming to him
Sometimes the best revenge is doing nothing at all
No goodbyes allowed
Steal my gas pump, will you?
I once skunked a bottle of wine given to a bullying manager on my team
Old man neighbor wonders what that smell??
Refusal to waive $1 fee ends up costing bank much more.
Ruin my Prank? Get scolded for checking out your nuts.
A quickie.
To the guy who yelled at the speaker in the drive-through today
How to get back at a tech teacher
Have a little butt-crack
No, a celery garnish doesn't cost $1.00. Yes, you should have informed the customer that the restaurant charges $1.00 for a stick of celery.
So you want to "bug" me every night?
Please silence your phone when you go into the meeting so I don't get yelled at.
Dont judge my ice cream
Short helicopter mother and spoilt gobshite son!
I found a way to safely and legitimately ruin the plan of "That guy who won't allow other cars to merge at a lane merge"!
Music is a privilege
Petty revenge served in a coffee mug
Petty Retaliation Betwixt Teens
Be a bully to someone for doing their job, lose your groceries
Fucked the xwife over
Harry Potter and the Midnight Release Revenge
Bitch hit me with a hockey stick
I made the boys who harassed me and my sister pay
Revenge at the mini-golf course
This is what you get for ruining my vacation
Short me on teriyaki chicken? Enjoy your shitty adventure
Hit my friend harrase me too, well bye bye your job
The friend who won't pay for anything
h
Revenge Is Best Served...Legally
You spoil it for me, I'll spoil it for you.
Don't believe me? Fine, get an automated door in the face.
An epic tale of road rage.
My store has two openings if anyone needs a job.
Man waits till last second to put his blinker on turning into Dunkin’ Donuts so I can’t turn in front of him. Beat him to the door and ordered everything I could think of while he was behind me
I had two seperate customers cough on me at work...
Please stop calling me I am not James
Leave me alone with the mentally ill homeless woman? Fine, I’ll make sure she shows you her new tattoo too!
I scolded my dogs at 2 AM really loudly and made my neighbours uncomfortable.
Little brother won't let me play on my pc, so I deny the computer's access to the internet.
You broke the entire internet again, mum!
No restroom for paying customers? No problem
OP gets petty victory against narcissistic parent (story from /r/raisedbynarcissists)
Wifi-less finals week
Have fun waiting for the imaginary gym member!
The Candy Raid
I came prepared biatch!
“Excuse me, but do you work in this store, or do I?” | A Retail Story
The City of Potholes
Can’t Get Off The Computer For A Few Minutes? Have Fun Going Without It For Over A Week.
Finally got revenge after all these years
Yes, please continue to get irritated while you tailgate me....
The 20 year payback
Move my carryon, miss your connection
Tech School Roommate Was An Ass
Someone stole my no trespassing sign and security camera sign (also my heavy duty tarp). It would have been easier for everyone to not do so.
You Can Take Your RC Boats and Shove Them Up Your...
Tiny Avacados for a Huge Jerk
You leave trash behind? Okay - I can mail you that and dispose of your personal momentos.
My friend ate all of my food, so I made sure I added tomatoes.
The bully gets terrified!
Person on Roblox with YT in their name was being annoying
Spam him
“The bank doesn’t make mistakes.” This is not my revenge but I got to enjoy the rewards of the revenge. Since both parties in the revenge are probably dead, I can share their story.
Step away from the tokens you little shit
Dropped the bomb on the woman whom my dad cheated on with when I was a kid, unbeknownst to my family.
Man batter handshake. (kinda NSFW)
Started with kindness, ended with revenge. (x-post from /r/Whatcouldgowrong)
Stupid woman bests water department workers
Don't be a dick to Apple.
Blackmailing a fuckboy
It's True ! This is the BEST revenge !
Didn't get hired again for summer job
Got written up by college instructor, so I forgot how to spell her name
You want my parking space? Show some respect then.
No upgrade for you!
Sure, you can get your food faster!
Underestimate me? Lose the challenge
Turn off the damned phone...
My brother ate my potato salad, so I'm forcing him to turn off every light in the house right now.
Unplug my computer? Have some Knife Party
Flooded with magazines
Enjoy driving a few extra miles every time you want to get into your safe deposit box and paying for it, bitch
His finger is still fucked up.
Standard disclaimer: this was ages ago but it was me, it was revenge and it was petty. I was living in Spain and me and a mate came home to find our flatmate had smoked all our weed. Again.
Hope your car battery dies. Xpost from talesfromretail
I never asked you...
Refuse to split a tip with me? That'll cost ya
If you are mean I'll give you small chicken strips
The innocence of youth
Don't pick on the tech guys.
No reserving your place in line!!
Looks like you need a ladder now, shorty.
Send me a picture of your dick, then call me vulgar names when confronted? I can't make you regret it, but I bet your mom can.
Too much in a hurry to queue? I hope you really needed that juice
Algroshawga 4: How I became disabled by saving kittens
Larry, I hocked a loogie in your fries.
Dealing with people riding on the bumper
How i got some sweet petty revenge against my mom
The one time I costed the restaurant with the big yellow M some money.
Don't keep chips away from me
Take my food? Suffer.
A company gave out 10,000 flyers that had my phone number on them.
Always watch your six
Enjoy that
Think you're a good teacher, eh?I got your back bro!!
I Drove Over 8 Hours for Oh So Sweet Petty Revenge
Girl Harnesses Me So I Attacl Back in front of the Whole Grade
Oh, you want an easy parking spot? Shouldn't have been a shit friend.
Call of douchy revenge
So my coworker got himself a new Land Rover, as well as a new parking strategy
No pay, no training
Insult my favorite streamer? Get verbally destroyed.
How to get back at annoying neighbors?
Guy more than twice my age hit on me and touched me without my consent, I made sure he regretted it
Lose my health document and blame it on me? Enjoy your lunch then.
Revenge via air freshener
Fine, have an ugly Christmas
Revenge on a High School Student
I save hair clumps from our brushes and put them down the MIL’s toilet and sink drains.
Help My Friend Prove a Point
so my girlfriend made me happy
Told my abusive ex off in court
Roommate won't take out garbage? How about I show you the number one reason why you should.. Wall O' Text
Cross country petty
Email newsletter revenge
Ask me if I know the sex of the baby when I'm not pregnant I'll make you feel like shit.
Roommate Calls Me A Drug Addict? Fine No More Toilet Paper For You.
Finally ending a toxic friendship.
I made my friend was two day in minecraft
Petty Revenge on School Vending Policies
Constantly Throw My Team Under the Bus?
Revenge by Nerf guns
Spotify hacker got a surprise
Who knew you could play basketball on the ceiling?
Don't touch my bumper.
Nothing tickles my asshole more than trolling a jackass diesel driver
Miserly hardware store owner gets theirs.
Wake me up before I'm ready? Prepare for revenge.
Petty revenge in the office
Neighbor Says we make to much noise...
Move to a quiet area and try to take over ?
Neighbours and Residential Parking
This guy stole my theatre seat.
Coining The Phrase Petty Revenge
Tough Love
Guy was a dick to me in a video game.
DON'T YOU DARE
Change your name to something ridiculous, I pretend not to know your name.
Do you vomit at me madam? WELL ME TOO.
Bully gets more than he bargained for
I need your help r/pettyrevenge
Make my wedding about you? I don't think so.
Oh you want to be up close and personal?
Phone Scammer Revenge
I started selling things on ebay when I was in highschool, I forgot to get a tracker on an item...
Revenge on 16 yo son who spent all his money on weed
Boyfriend doesn't believe that he snores. Prove it in the pettiest way I could think.
Good luck seeing out of your passenger mirror.
Rotten neighbor moves in making demands about washer and dryer machines.We don't want nightmare couple as housemates
The Arrogant Asshole
Short stack
When One Door Opens, Another One Closes
Defeat the liar with truth.
I quit a shit job and felt like Ricky Fitz
Toothbrush of revenge
Fuck it, I like M&amp;M's
Refuelling and driveoffs.
Friend Makes Dickish Side-Comment to Me Then Feels My Wrath
You want to willingly lead me on and throw me breadcrumbs so you can secretly see what else is out there? Ok..let me help you out with that...
I got kids in trouble using skittles
You want my grandparents ashes after all you did? Here have something more deserving.
Sometimes you have to take karma into your own hands
One of those "technical support" guys called me and I had some free time.
Took your tea mwuahaha
Park like an ass, and everyone will know it.
RIP your Pokemon saves
MAKE UP LIES,LOSE YOUR BUISNESS
Neighbor's dog won't shut up
The Spectre of the Dead Weight Lifer
Fine I'll stay for the baptism
Bitchy neighbor gets big mad
Petty revenge for not waiting their turn
Have sex loudly while the walls are thin? How about listening to the Monster Mash on repeat.
Reserved parking? I think not. Pt.2
Turnabout is fair play. Next time, don't steal my sale.
Try to get free art? Okay.
Get up my ass? Enjoy the slow drive.
You thought you would win this biological war did you?
Don't overestimate my kindness
Take all my change!
I gave a regular customer all of their change back in pennies on purpose
My dad (at least helped) make Blockbuster porn disappear. (SFW)
Pay to win a race- yeah that’s not going to work
High school bullies threw wet toilet paper at me. Fucked them up with soap.
Be an ass and I'll give you a case of the ass
She told on me, so I broke her new nails
Grandma Wars
Scooter kid gets some payback
Use the damn cart corral, lady
Why you don't be an ass to a roommate who works in IT.
I need some petty revenge ideas.
Avenging my coworker
How not to get grounded
Revenge on the office troll for a good cause.
Smash my SU Mug? (Accidentally) Ruin your Long-Awaited Halo Story
copy from me and accuse me ,Well karma is an thing
You took your turn to use the school rules against me. My turn.
Pissed I was about to be promoted over her.
She dismissed our reports... So I made a report on her.
A butter knife
Writing a check
The (short) tale of the Bumper Humper
Don't honk as soon as the light turns green
You want to accuse me of something I didn’t do and punish me for it ok good luck wasting your time
Throwing things in public? This is what happens
Steal my stuff? Enjoy feet pancakes
Happy Earth Day!
Cheated on and dropped....probably illegal I'm guessing.
holier than thou college roommate
Wanna egg our band buses?? Enjoy paying for a new field.🤷
Leave the fridge door open? No food for you!
I get a kid suspended for harrasing my classmates.
Very Petty Revenge on Bus Driver
Her sexcepades were the last straw
Won't listen to my warnings? Well, there you go
Block my view, making me fall and playing victim? Enjoy the rest of your concert staring at the back of someone's head.
Fake ID, Fake Alcohol.
Caused a long term ”technical issue” at wendys
Piss off the whole bar: piss on yourself
My entitled grandmother stole my new clothes and exchanged them for steel utensils. So I gave away her utensils.
Deny patient's drug for a formality? I'll correct it, 1000 times.
College - the best time of your life
Won't let me out first? Fine by me.
Had this one brewing for a while
Divorce revenge (long story)
Obnoxious are we?
Another irate hospitality worker.
Fingers crossed he looses his vanity plate.
You think I'm too slow? Enjoy going even slower.
If we don't get a quality of life, neither do you! (Kinda long).
Some guy ruined Game of Thrones for me. Two years later, I got my revenge. (contains spoiler for GOT S3-5)
In need of ideas for a pretty revenge
Boss from Hell
"I hate these dumb mother-fuckers"
Enjoy 24kbps
My BF told me I couldn't use the food I PAID FOR!
Shovel your walkway
Hoisted by my own fart. Well played, dad.
Oh Sure, I'll do your assignment for you!!
Drive like an idiot, enjoy the red light.
Decide to skip the local laws and do as you please; you get shut down.
I would be pretty unbothered if all frat dudes were suddenly eaten by sinkholes.
An elementary school bully gets his comeuppance
Sweet petty revenge for a stressed baby mama
Be a shitty date? Pay for your own drinks. Cost me 40 bucks? Enjoy having trouble with work!
Roommate wouldn’t let me use her computer in college. I unplugged her mouse and keyboard. She couldn’t figure out why her computer wasn’t working. Hah
Tailgate me, will you?!
I live in an ethnic diverse place and experience blatant racism when going to certain restaurants.
Don't make fun of history lovers
Untentionally scared a potential road-raging mom back into her car in elementary school pickup line
Parents think they can disrespect my personal life and constantly pick fights with me
You demand that I carry you and are rude to my partner? Enjoy the embarrassment and the clean up.
Sorry the office is too "messy"
Revenge on the traffic skippers
Obama's pettyrevenge on Washington Redskins
Petty revenge that sort of backfired
Ideas for revenge?
Force me to do extra credit but I won't get points for it? No problem.
Don’t insult me, then expect me to cover you when you cheat.
She tried to sabotage my Halloween Party, now she's not invited. HA!
Don’t steal other boy’s sodas!
Leave your dresser drawers open? Enjoy getting up an hour and a half early!
Drive someone insane for only $12.
Oh, so you are going to tell on me, eh?
Moist bread stick was bullying me and my friends so we got him banned from PlayStation
Bjdbf
Brother kept using my console so I did something to it
Introducing /r/SchoolyardRevenge/, a subreddit for all your schoolyard revenge and malicious compliance stories
You bump into me and want ME to apologise?
Scaring old ladies.
Kid bullied me at school so I stole all his stuff on Webkinz
Cut me off and my friends will make fun of you.
Lousy semester=lousy evaluation
Oh you want this spot? Sorry I need to take a call...
Be rude at my workplace. No savings for you!
You're being a pizza snob? I will get free pizza at your expense
Want to be an asshole in the rain? Prepare for a slow ride home.
"This stuff will stain clothes."
Just be patient
Sorry I only know how to make a short story long...
Hope you like smoking my butt juices!
The Friend, The Phone and The Not Feeling Like It
Want me to buy beer for you and your underaged crew? Make sure not to be a douchebag.
I once put bleach in my sisters load of laundry (x-post r/confessions)
Beat a company's "would you like fries with that" scheme
Store express lane cheater gets delayed a lot
My roommate likes to rap loudly next door while I sleep. Destroy his cell.
How I got revenge on the bitch that got me fired
CHEAP TRAILER: MUST GO!
My grandfather accidentally got revenge for me!
r/pettyrevenge The Annoying Kid In School
Revenge after three years of horrible treatment from boss
Call me a baby will you?
Bicycle Accident
yeah, it's all about the timing and it felt so good
Push me? Alright, see how you like this!
Sweet traffic justice
My first attempt
Shit in a bag
Like an arrow to the knee
Install my Dishwasher, bish.
Enjoy that exit?
Revenge with a twist
Teacher lets kids steal my hat. He pays double.
Loud neighbour vs. even louder neighbour
You rip my shirt? I steal your clothes.
Steal my dirt bike and other people’s stuff? Have fun with the sheriff’s department!
I take Instagram unfollows seriously
I threw a girl's sandal into the bushes
I love when people blocks me, makes me feel like I won.
Hate is a strong word
I have a professor who is completely incompetent, disorganized, and generally unpleasant.
Putin destroyed the site I used to draw the mascot for but forgot to cancel my contract and login credentials.
Try to pull the wool over my eyes?
Think twice before spoiling my favorite show
If you continually inconvenience me, your meetings might be just a little fuzzy.Commuter satisfaction
She messed with me and my best friend. What she doesn’t know is that I have access to all her DMs
So you want to be rude, huh?
Don't talk about my mother like that.
Oops, I had a little accident
Always Change Your Defaults
My Minecraft revenge
Two Brothers Who Split a Delicious Hotdog Revenge
Ignore me and you shall be ignored (Drive thru)
My brother and who is going to feed the cat food.
That chair isn't taken
Wife got a brilliant petty revenge on a co-worker from hell
neighbor breaks in house then we steal 30 dollars worth of markers
Neighbor forces me to remove deck, I build a driveway in front of her entry and block one of her bedroom windows - legally and spitefully!
Spell my name wrong? I'll show you.
Don't want to change my money for the carwash?
These 2 Girls Tried To Screw Me Over
Okay mam, i'll transfer your call
Exposed a classmate
Server gave me attitude, fight for this tip
My husband insulted my driving on the way home from breakfast this morning...
School Contest
Unintentional revenge…
This is what I get for dating crazy.
How do you become more attractive?
Rude to me? No salad for you
Make fun of me because my mom makes my lunch? Wait til my dad finds out...
How me and my Foster Brothers got back at our ex's
Ain't so tough now are you?
Don't want to go get a car from your other dealership for me? That's fine, I'll just use your loaner car to drive over there myself.
Too cool for me huh? I will make you be my friend and I'll make sure you hate it.
Good librarian
My boss does a petty revenge on his dog
Hate people riding your ass on the highway or people excessively speeding? Save your petty change to throw at them as they fly by and increase your eye hand coordination at the same time.
The conjugation teacher
Break my heart me and my bro will break yours
I am the manager.
Screwing around with the sleepy guy? Get rekt
Divorce lawyers tell tales of revenge (small to large) in /r/ask reddit.
sorry i'm not in the market for religion
Steal my croissant? Get shamed.
French guy keeps turning off the wifi
I have mastered the art of gracefully climbing through the passenger seat to get to the driver's seat because of jerks like these.
Using a handicap spot when you're not disabled? Let me explain to you why that's wrong...
Don't lean on a stranger and expect support.
Set a million alarms? Late to work
Be nice to your cashier
My review of Yelp
No. It does not need to be posted to /r/justiceporn
How do you seek revenge on an anonymous stalker defaming your author pen name and real name as well?
Not follow through on a trade? I'll downvote all your posts.
Friend's annoying half-brother messes with us, ends up to the ER.
How the turntables... have...
The Sweetest Revenge I Could Achieve
I Got The Other Woman Fired. Steal My Husband? Lose Your Job.
Didn’t believe my weird allergy and then the class suffers
Not much
Cashier stories
My father... and his petty revenge..Got Avengers: Infinity War spoiled by a guy on FB. Took revenge by spoiling Avengers: Endgame.
So, my now ex-boss was being a complete bitch, which led to me quitting.
Silencing the noisy neighbour.
Found on Facebook
Hit 'em where it hurts - their ego
Do your damn dishes.
Grumble grumble scoff spoilers bitch
I made my brother drink pepper
Honk at me all you want, I'm still letting this entire parking lot out in front of me.
Park in the walk-way? Enjoy having to move a cart
Shitty Attitude Isn’t One of The 31 Flavors
More dormitory rage! (Continued from dryer rage)
Fake cop tries to bully his way out of a bar bill.
no ore for you
Mass eBay seller asked for feedback without giving me any
Enjoy your sleep deprived train trip
Stop and smell the roses pt2
Asshat, Ima down vote you
Petty revenge meets bumming a cigarette
I can't walk through your yard? Ok, I'll drive through it.
When you're going 2mph too slow for the guy behind you.
Racial mockery pay-back.
"Say my name."
You're going to be rude and shut off my water? No. No you won't.
You stole my bike? Well...I stole your bolt cutters!
Bullying gone wrong
Want your opinion
So you want to talk shit about me?
Mess with my food, I'll mess with yours!
I got my stubborn teacher fired.
My boss fakes being sick, his partner teaches him a lesson
Don't leave your shopping cart in the aisle
Petty Revenge on a tailgater
Take this dad
my bf is cheating, here is my plan
Adult finders keepers
Have a party during a pandemic? Ill make sure you don't sleep
I may have gone too far....
Petty revenge on my drunk girlfriend last night
Bored, with cold feet
Not tip me? I rape and brutally kill your family
Pedestrian's Revenge
Try to scam the IT guy. Go ahead, try me.
Get Mad at Me When I Don't Do YOUR Dirty Work The Way You Want It? Fine, I'll Stop Being Nice and Coming In When It's Busy
Cut me off? Well fuck you then!
Need Help! Neighbors are blasting music
You steal my elevator? Please, enjoy the stench of my old biowaste
My ex cheated on me
Be rude to the people I work with? Let me spice things up for you.
Going to harass me through text? I hope you enjoy gay porn
Don't Replace Me
Think it's funny to trash my store? (Long)
What is the pettiest thing you ever did to an ex after a break up?
Unfair ticket, so the city pays.
Robin Hood-ing for all the freelancers out there
Honking is the only solution.
Asian mom vs sisters BF (and me)
Take your time on a right turn? I'll get you...
Playing my favorite game on the interstate
Rikishi's revenge
Pubes, pubes everywhere.
Wake me up from my nap? You don't get a nap either
Hurt my feelings? I’m going to take away your light
Sorry I’ve only got a 20!
Transform the house into Squalor Land? Receive stink bugs.
Eat the brownies that I was saving for my staff? I'll make you eat my rancid pie.
ArmorAll fixed all
Moved out, crossed off neighbor's name on mailbox and wrote "Wanker" instead.
Smoke detectors inside walls
Supervisors Tried to Make Me Look Bad, So I Made Them Look Worse
The story of my First serious relationship
I dropped my high school bully’s food on the floor on purpose and served it to him.
quit crappy job at the worst time possible for them
Convinced my mom she ate chips covered in dog snot
Generic bully revenge
Instant karma.
Family does not make you safe from retaliation.
Shop Teacher Tricks me Into Doing his Job? Well take this!
Teacher bullied me horribly. So I got her sick.
Spread rumors about me? Have fun receiving emails!
Your phone isn't charging?
My small revenge on Cheapy-McI'mTooImportantToBeTurnedAway
A**hole on the airplane
&lt;repost&gt; Ex best friend for 7 years turns on me and her parents threaten my family, so I make them move states by calling the police and getting them evicted.
Yell at us for singing too slow?? Let's slow things down even more
Be a consistently crappy neighbor? Good luck doing laundry in your hour of need.
Old-timey photographs
I'll butter your popcorn real good...
I messed with my ex-husband's butter!
Asshole neighbors girlfriend
Don't be a "blade"
Have an attitude with me for no reason? Enjoy your $9 orange juice.
Talk shit about my friend and Ill buy your domain name name.
You insult me and call me poor for no apparent reason? I hope you like hot showers!
Animal Control really stinks
The snowman with the heart of iron
Bully throws a tantrum.....over a chair?
Parking Wars: Revenge of the Shopping Cart
Battle of the badly behaving boardgamer
Use my fridge like it's your own? I don't think so.
Customer was being a pain
Do not use my salt.
Steal my shower products? I'll make sure they bite...
Grown Ass Man Pissing
Fighting back against bullies the only way I knew how in Grade 3
12 items in the 8 items or fewer line
Evil mom essentially kidnaps her own son to show flaws in the summer camp I volunteer at's pickup system, ends up getting fired for it
Don't be annoying then expect free stuff
You want me to shut up? Sure.
Secret Tea Surprise
Little sister gets a big helping of revenge
Blind me. I hope you werent in a rush
Guy took up two parking spots so I made it harder for him pull out.
Dick around at the till with a long line? No box for you!
Enjoy being uncomfortable!
Accidental revenge
Lady won’t move over one seat so my husband, son and I can sit together at a movie. She soon regrets that decision.
Do you know how much that’s worth?
Don’t pull up, be prepared to reverse
Hound me with calls, scam me, then keep trying to sell me your shit? I'll waste your time and money.
bully me relentlessly, IL turn your brother on ya
The (not so) sweet smell of revenge
The only way to win is not to play at all.
Be a shit? No job for you!
Enjoy shitting yourself
Trying to steal photographers work by asking to remove watermark
Driving instructor apologises
Try to charge me with interest? We will see about that.
So you wanna be a cunt? Enjoy not having a car!
Toddler Boyfriend
Sticky parking lot revenge
That pack looks a little heavy.
Annoy me, Irritate you.
Sure. I'm happy to help
Company Rules
Willing endanger yourself and others? Clean up my mess thanks
I made my friend turn off his console when playing call of duty
I’ll take the dishes out alright, just not to the dishwasher.
The twice-stolen pen
UPS: you play hard with my one claim? now you get ten claims...
Try to rub something in, I will take away all satisfaction you try and get from it
Bought a prom dress and ruined her day
Be mean to my parents? Say bye to your bushes
Taco Time take away
Roommate and husband get drunk and start fighting, I steal their skittles.
Super petty
I taught my bf to use a laundry basket
Inside out dirty laundry becomes inside out clean laundry.
A minimum transaction in this day and age?
Spread lies about me? I can be the monster you want me to be.
Manager is rude to me over the phone, so I got her fired by the head manager who is a friend of my father
Never Mess With The Guy Delivering Your Food
Be an hour late to drop off my coffee? Hope you like super sweaty kisses.
Call me a baby, ok my gum is baby gum.
bad guest
So I could use some help thinking of a revenge plan.
thought this fit with r/pettyrevenge. my two weeks guiding a wealthy father, his pain in my back son and his daughter.
Using a Fake Address? Don't be a Fake Friend.
Multiple failed attempts at revenge against me
It took me 5 long years but finally made her pay for all the things I lost .
A post from the other side - I'm a victim of the pettiest of revenge
I licked her spoons (roommate story).
Petty Revenge on Sexist Customers (x-post from /r/talesfromretail)
Revenge on the wrong person, but it felt good.
Decorating the Museum Men's Room.
Return to Sender on Neighbor's Stimulas Check
Update on a douchey driver
Petty Revenge On A Coworker
Someone put our clothes on top of someone else’s clothesRevenge by living a better life
My landlady treated me like garbage, so I returned the favour.
My cousin ruined easter for me, so i ruined his holidays
"Petty" Change
Enjoy your now meaningless tattooYou're sure you want the champagne?
Asshole vice principal revengeDeep Fried Revenge
Leave the coffee pot empty? I'm going to make you waddle.
salty revenge . . which kinda backfired
"Do you have change for a $20?"
I guess it’s time for new friends...lol
Teacher hates me so I will ruin his class
You break my £1000 gundam collection and try to steal my game let’s make a deal
My roommate’s been eating cat food for the last 3 weeks
Friend's revenge on fly-by-night gym
The coup de grace
Don't abuse the buzzer.
The worst "friend" a gal could ask for
Walkex (WALK COIN) IEO Rating, Reviews and Details | ICOholder
I just wanted a drink. (x-post from /r/TalesFromTheCustomer)
I made her eat her words.
"This is the (city) police department. How did you get on here, this is a secure line."
Revenge against an annoying kid
Bathroom Battle
My Aunties mexican carrot revenge.
Bump me and listen to rock
Help please?
I need help with my downstairs neighbors. Any ideas?
Trashy shoplifter in the store was in the lineup and making stupid comments about me.
THERE WILL BE FIREWORKS!!!
Middle school petty revenge smells horrible.
No tip = free food for homeless
You are not gonna do anything all year? Fine, I will just waste your time.
This girl talked shit about me because she didn't think I was good enough for her best friend, whom I hooked up with?
Don't hide the chocolate!
Stepping shoes
Neighbor constantly parking in front of our house
Hired me just to fire me? Oops, I forgot the password to the main client list.
I will teach you kids to swim in my pool.
My boss is super passive aggressive and I make him nervous.
Fire me? Fine, I'll take half your staff with me
I was there to give you money. You wanted more
Please help me get petty revenge against a toxic bully coworker!
Too much borrowing and not enough returning is a bad combination.
Celebrating 20 years of petty revenge on my Eco-Nazi ex! (x-post - r/confessions)
She cried in public from the embarrassment she brought on herself.
My boss went through my phone so I quit
Train conductor thinks he's an expert on my age and also banks
Publicly embarrassed a brat that paid $13+ in only lose small coins
Discord Talk Behind My Back Huh?
URGH, men right?
I listened to what the stickler was telling me
Mild buttwad in my class doesn't always deserve my attention
Neighbor pops my ball I pop their secret
Coitus Avoidus
TAX Man tries to steal my money AGAIN!
Revenge on a seat stealer (me).
My manager won't help me fold towels
So you don't think you should pay me because I "cost you money to train me and hire me"?
Making my ex refund my half of her IUD (birth control)
Clean up the puke yourself!
Guy accuses me TWICE of stealing his mug and gets his comeuppance.
Landlord in CA texts tenants to remind them that he doesn’t have to abide by the anti-eviction rule because he does not have a federal loan and because he switched everyone to month-to-month as soon as the pandemic popped off
Yell at me for helping? Do double the work.
He mocked my friend for having been molested. No regrets.
Bus Revenge
Gamers revenge on a friendly admin
Be rude to me.. Well go find your own phone when you lose it
My neighbor keeps parking in front of my house
dabloons
Don't Flip off a Good Samaritan
EX sends her best friend after me? Enjoy embarrassment infront of your family.
Dont swear in video games or make false accusations
Stuck up neighbor doesn’t get what he wants
Where did that bottle of pop go?
Apple doesn’t fall far from the tree.
A man with Down's stands up for himself
Caught a catfish, how should I expose him?
Guy is rude to my mother so I’m kind of a jerk
As A Child I Was A Terrorist In A Water Fight"TITS or GTFO"
deadbeat guy did not want to pay for internet
Steal my ice cream sandwich, enjoy my “vegan” nuggets!
Showed my middle fingers to 2 asshole f*$ks.
1 cent per pinecone...
Trash talking? Enjoy being made a fool in front of your friends.
Don't Poke My Bum With Your Wood
Do no harm but take no shit.
People with a photographic memory, what's it like?
Army Basic training revenge
Guy was a dick while I was ringing him up
Enjoy this rancid beef my love
Roommate punched me in the face over a Taco Bell quesadilla. How should I get him back?
New Perfume
Cripple the LAN, internet mysteriously dies
Gradual and covert delivery of bodily fluid onto an enemy’s clothing during a science lesson
Want my parking spot? Good luck with that.
You got greedy while parking.
Stolen phone revenge
Support Call Gone Awry
My revenge on the speeding teenager.
Petty revenge after a year of asking them to be quiet
Upstairs neighbours
So... you want to play that game?
We make a petty sammich
Coworker crop dusting
You're scamming me for my money? I'll steal yours.
Losing my Shit in Translation
Cut in the que for the gym will you
Bully your best friend? Enjoy no longer having free shipping.
It was only one minute.
Hair in my beer
Our sandwich making skills aren't fresh enough? Well we won't be serving baloney at this location anymore, ma'am.
Go ahead, eat my chex mix bitch
Stick me on support for three straight weeks? You can answer all the after-hours calls.
Learn to say 'excuse me'.
Petty Animal Revenge
How I Catch My Food Thief
Wake me up and lose the internet
Bikes and a broken leg.Im looking for a meme regarding being pregnant and being cheated on.. could use some help!
I win auction for a CD album a b*tch wanted
Not feeding your pet? Alright then, I'll bunnynap him.
Petty revenge on a classmate
No soda for you!
Petty revenge on Income Tax Scammer
Sugar baby revenge
I couldn't think of a title
Don't mess with my lunch!
Housemate prank
My first time getting revenge on the road😈
Try and beat me up? Have fun being suspended
I've never posted to this sub, but I'm too proud not to share.
5 years ago
Revenge served Ice Cold
"Ma'am those are his knees you're smashing into"
Reverted back to being a kid to reach the peak of pettiness
great class reunion
Tour guide outside the computer lab I'm studying in "oh there's no class in here, I can talk about this room then"
Lady Diana
Don't mess with the people who will be near your car.
Oh-no-you-didn't, almost sucker my friend into your Gofundme scam!
My platoon's payback
Malodorous revenge on Racist Rich Boys
Try to run me out of the kitchen? Prepare to taste the rainbow!
Never try to scam a no life.
I remembered something petty with Valentine's Day.
Gym class revenge
I purposely put rolls of toilet paper on backwards to piss off my boyfriend
Upset my mother? Be prepared to accept your comeuppance
Enjoy your last day on vacation
Call me gay while playing with someone as the same gender as me? I'll screw your football game then!
being rude = digging through trash
Shut Down an Anti-Semite's Monopoly Game
"If you're going to ride my ass, at least take me to dinner first." TAILGATERS
Park in my assigned space? Now you have to re-adjust your mirrors.
You don't flush, you deal with my stink
teacher took my hearing aids
"Let's not watch this."
Treat me like shit? I'll just not call in when I'm sick.
Call me out to the board, no lifeboat for you!
The person who wanted to drive in front of me.
How about some dick pics on your company phone?
Got stuck in a group of full lazy slackers! faked a flat with proof to cost them their marks!
Sweet Victory:
I just downvoted a ton of this guys comments.
Petty revenge on exes car
Greedy landlord. Why renting from a family member can be a huge mistake.
Drive right on my bumper for ages then then intimidate next car you get to while in a company vehicle? Guess what company I’m about to call, mofo? (Comes with bonus revenge).
Get ready to see me every day you psychotic bitch.
This belongs here (x-post r/funny)
40yo Child Tries High School Drama, Learns Important Life Lesson
Its just plain noisy.
What my labmate doesn't know
Petty revenge on housemate stealing food
Scare me at night? I'll terrorize you at night.
So Petty He Never Actually Noticed
Obama, fetch!
Real shitty apartment neighbor
Neighbour HOA head gets a petty revenge
Ex cheated so I assimilated myself into her friend group. They preferred me to her, she wasn’t invited out anymore.
Oh so you park like a douche eh? Good luck getting in your car then...
Wet Laundry
Dorney Park Hammerhead
Take my free gas station coffee? Not anymore.
Dumbass brother browses my computer without permission.
Called this jackass out this morning
The light switch
I asked someone for help with cosplay making, and got mocked by him while making it. Got revenge in an extremely petty way.
Trio of would be shoplifters gains unseen shadow...
Annoying telemarketer cost her company a paying customer
Alienate me from my friends and won't do your work? Have fun proving how honest and hard-working you are!
Yes,actually...I DO Mind
Sweet tea.
My dad VS Germans
Frienemy gets his comeuppance
Tailgater on the highway
Oh you’ll wait? Fine by me
Eat my food and blame roaches. Okay, I’ll show you.
Had a coworker with a bad attitude today.
You wanna move in slow motion? Fine then so can I!
Took him 3 years to elaborate his "petty revenge", and I didn't even remember who he was...
Help me get back at the ex that took everything 🙄🔪
You suck at your job? Well, guess I do too.
Enjoy buying a new lawnmower blade
$250 petty revenge
My FWB brutally dumped me, so I got revenge sex
Put pine cones in my car? Enjoy pissing yourself at 4AM.
You Deserve Each Other - A Family's Revenge.
Shower shenanigans
Question a Mod- Get Muted
Got reported for "being lazy" while on my lunch
Secret santa
How I got back at this kid for ripping up my Pokémon cards
Personal trainer not turning up for a personal training session?
Right on red revenge !!!
Annoy me with phone ringing, I'll tell people what you really think of them.
My best mates sister enjoys getting twat battered......loudlyWaste my time on the phone arguing? OK, write it up, ALL of it.
Die mig nite niggggg die die fucker die SUCKfatDickand BEEEERDon't like my eyebrows? Well guess what b*tch.
difference between dye sublimation ink and pigment sublimation ink
No pudding for you!!!
Neighbors didn't want us to shift near them so I made them arrested
Two neighbours 1 story
The harasser became the mildly harrassed
Learn how to park.
What is undoubtedly the worst possible thing a parent can do. May I burn in hell.
Don't like that I studied harder than you? Good luck understanding anything I say to you in future.
Time to be petty a the revolving door
How I Had Quality Assurance Investigated for Sexual Harassment
Bad mom, bad kid and fake HIV
Doppelganger Sweets
You're going to get mad at me for calling you out about talking on the phone while driving? Fine. I'll play.
Don't bother calling me I know your game.
Wanna revisit your camping trip?
Asshole neighbor needs taught a lesson.
Passive aggressive for passive aggressive
Thinking of getting my boyfriend fired
Roommate Revenge
Another tale of petry revenge in a movie theatre
Wakey, wakey, bitch!
Adjunct Professor Wastes My Time
I hope you didnt need your car thus weekend
Don't pick up the phone when we have plans? One second voicemail for you
Screaming revenge
Oh the joys of restaurant work
Convenient store revenge
Ordering Dominos.
So you quit drinking huh?
Want to go freaking insane because i took some paper get a headfull of Grass burrs
So you find antonio bandera's spanish hot? Sweet revenge
She Wouldn't Fetch the Mail, So I Got Revenge
Guide: How to Pour Water into Car Gas Tanks. 2020
You know how easily you can be replaced right?
Oh, so he brings cake to you every week?
Think I've stiffed you on your drink? Enjoy having the exact amount and nothing more.
Enjoy your wobble
scam my brother get booted offline
Your airline supposedly requires my carryon luggage to be under 7kg, and you won’t allow me to board the plane if it’s not? Don’t worry, MINE will be.
Petty directions.
Gonna make us all uncomfortable? I hope your boyfriend reads my wi-fi name.
You want to call me an asshole for telling the truth about fat people, yet your hypocritical and racist and sexist.
8th Grade Volleyball is always entertaining.
Ignore me? May evil spirits reside in your mortal form!
DirecTV revenge.
Say my opinion is meaningless because I don't have post-nominals?
Petty Neighbor
Ruin my middle school career? Thanks for the snacks. (Several people told me to post here)
Can't pick up your crap? Well I'll make your bra strap slip.
Grandmother Ignores Me at Great-Grandmother’s Funeral, They Tries to Buy Back My Love
All For One and One For All
I was the deserving recipient of a great petty revenge.
Make him repaint for no reason? You’ll love the result
Empty packs in the trash create no expectations
Screw you and your chicken too
sisterly love/hate
Revenge on the boss
Make fun of me? Guess what your son knows?
r/TarkovSnips
I cheated on him after he cheated on me
Learn to park
My ex cheated on me for over a year. I found his Bumble profile and we matched, but I unmatched him very quickly. Now he's got a notification that someone likes him, but there's no one there.
Not going to do your work, I’ll come by early to catch you drinking on the job
How to turn $2.50 worth of work into revenge
Mess w/me, I mess w/you
Oh, you need to use the sink right now? Go ahead!
Comeuppance against the she-beast!
Drink competition with a thug
Guy who rips me off on craigslist ends up paying
Mess with my playlist and I’ll change my password
A dislocated finger and a broken car
Neighbor keeps passive aggressively reminding me to bring a chair out to the dumpster. They will think twice now, pic in comments.
Sister slept with my husband and is still jealous
Don’t think it’s your responsibility as an adult to clean up after yourself at work? Enjoy having NO cup of coffee on a Monday morning!
Bully me in football? Enjoy the taste of mud
Fake Face Tattoo
Reported discord server Cuase they screwed with me for the last time
Production Manager gives away free stuff - got a big storm coming
Talk on your phone while you order? Enjoy a hot surprise in your sandwich.
Do not harass people
Check food before stealing
Entitled kid INSISTS he plays fnaf 4
My brother stole my stuff, So I booby trapped my closet and got him good.
Homophobic sister ranting on Facebook? Enjoy your wedding gift!
Tailgate me and blow your horn? I got a sign for that
You got a little something on your J's
Slumlord hot revenge
Lie to me after I help you? Enjoy the noise.
Visitor takes my assigned residents parking spot, won't move it until "he's done".
Not my music system.
Roblox players betrayed me, so I destroyed their base.
The reason Unsubscribing offers "I did not sign up for this":
I got my teacher fired
Can't say "thank you"? Have fun picking up your own mail from now on
Nuclear revenge Boss wouldn't pay me the money I earned, so I had his company shut down
Bully gets embarrassed after sexually harassing a girl
I pissed off my worst enemy with a blackboard and some chalk.
Can anyone give me mod
Revenge on History Teacher
Sorry, this seat is taken.
Waitress Uses Mean Girl's Discount to Buy Expensive Pens
Dont mess with my child.
Dad drives us crazy with his loud commercials and he's earned some petty revenge.
Stepdad got what he deserved
Workplace harassment? Enjoy resetting your email account constantly.
Chicken wing ain’t no thing
I don't need paper to learn your new math strategy.
Forget to flush the toilet? Fine ill remind you
That'll show you to be moody with me when I'm taking you out.
Oh, so you hate my accent?
Pretty Lawn? Petty Mow.
For the price of a coke..
Our roommate kept eating our food
1 sock, 2 socks,3 socks no socks
asd
Spit on me and steal my hat? You just wait...
That time I convinced my band director that I don’t need to audition
I blew the biggest, most disgusting smelling fart in the middle of a group of annoying girls at a night club
When someone waits for you to open the door for them...
I deleted my husband's DOTA 2 friends
Petty revenge on an MLM.
Rutter's manager is a jerk, how to get back at her.
Dad makes fun of me for years, I destroy the thing he was so proud of and embarrass him.
Who steals gas caps??
A Shitty Situation
God forbid her cheapass/idolized thermal was ruined.. STOP buying cheap shit then...
Don't make fun of my dad.
Christmas Card Vengeance
