messing with my older sister
but uncovering a family secret I wish I hadn't
almost getting ran over by a van.
not telling my trainer I don’t want to go.
lashing out at my best friend over false memories (TW; suicide mention)
passing out mid wank
eating spicy kimchi soup four meals in a row.
getting to comfy on a plane.
twice in a row by stupidly offending people
agreeing to teach the neighbor kid how to skateboard.
not being the person I want to be
graduating from High School
getting caught masturbating by my mom right after giving my family a lecture about morals
talking about golden showers with my coworkers
ruining my chances with a great girl
going to a strip club while having a girlfriend
:(
Forgetting when my orientation was.
realizing I had 5GHz wifi all along and remembering I had even helped to set up the 5GHz wifi
being non-essential and leaving sugar free candies in my desk.
sending a picture of my crush to her.
accidentally giving out my phone number to a weird guy online
for answering to the wrong comment
trying to kill a fly
trying to help a homeless man and letting him sleep in our house but disaster ensued.
telling a lie about Santa
getting my friends dog stoned for 2 days straight.
telling a man in a wheelchair he was cold because he was just “sitting around”
almost destroying my dad’s back and neck for a broken ping pong ball
placing a bid on Liquidation.com without reading more about it
selling weed
asking a black guy in Home Depot where the brown cock was...
breaking a family airlume
not realizing for two weeks that my 1yo son was waking up early because sunrise is 530am.
pocket-giving a random post gold.
i dropped my pasta on my rug today
sending an anime sticker to my new school's line group
staying at my cousins house who is a bad influence
not approaching a cute boy at the crafts store
leaving a voicemail to a guy who ghosted me
telling my roommate that I overheard his conversation
farting into a clean pair of socks
I came to this sub and saw nothing but sexy sex time posts
taking candy from a stranger and waking up 2 days later
opening my present too early
when I almost destroyed my microwave
Sniffed the wrong panties.
stealing my fathers pain medication
believing in
lying to the cops, getting away with it, and then inexplicably telling them the truth
today I (14m) fucked up by trying to use my dads old phone
Shitty recovery
accelerating across lanes too fast.
deleting my OS and losing ever scrap of data from my computer.
telling my girlfriend (23F) that my record for one day is jacking off 26 times.
By liking a girl 5 years younger than me
not realising I'd been sold shawg weed and thinking I had a godly tolerance after 1 month of daily smoking then smoking a huge amount of new weed and being higher than life. TL;DR I smoked too much weed thinking I was Snoop dog.
giving away a homeless person's dog
leaving my balvony door open when sleeping on the balcony
Online class situation, not a big deal but an oopsie
cleaning my own dryer vent
asking my friends about ass eating questions
not hanging up the call..
not realizing my gf was being flirty and almost getting stabbed in the shower.
accidentally making a post on my throwaway account, that went viral and got more karma than my main account.
getting sick
sharing my biscuit with my dog
LOGGED INTO SOMEONE ELSE'S REDDIT ACCOUNT BY MISTAKE
Getting my friends car towed while talking to my ex
drinking my mom’s au jus.
flipping off my friends mom and sister
getting a mouthful of something hard that left me worried I might accidentally swallow
ruining my brother’s baby’s gender reveal
wrongfully failing a polygraph
not showing up to my own funeral...
hitting the same car twice. On separate occasions.
taking a big cheese
not swabbing my clarinet for three months and then smelling the inside of it.
Just found out I haven’t properly cleaned my dick for almost 19 years
and are a mushroom burger from Shake Shack.
inserting a toothpick where I shouldn't have
wearing the wrong underwear
going to an AYCE Sushi Resturant
passively encouraging a redditor to kill themselves.
for accidentally pissing on my pants
almost getting banned from the US for smuggling CBD oil.
eating a nectarine
saying I don't know the age of my baby.
spraining my finger in the same location
trolling christian discord server, backfires
wearing a durag to the super market
feeding my dog while on LSD.
allowing my elderly neighbor borrow my snow shovel.
letting my wife use my phone.
sitting on the arm of the couch too long and my pelvic area "fell asleep."
Chewed out co-workers husband accidentally
when my vibrator got delivered to my neighbor instead of me
This I why I shouldn't be allowed to talk to people....
getting my secret porn stash (on my phone) discovered by my mom
Infinite cum
showing an inappropriate video to 3rd graders during an admin observation
buying 12 bunches of bananas by accident
TIGU by breaking a dvd
eating pasta
Today I fucked up by accidentally blasting the audio for the “Lamar roasts Franklin” video and being the only white person in the room.
embarrassing myself at a shop
Humiliating myself on Twitter.
ignoring a numb feeling in my leg.
giving myself insomnia
getting tacos
doing a nasal lavarge with cum.
trying to kiss my grandmother on the mouth
getting kicked out of Chuck E. Cheese
making such a novice google mistake
wearing my kinky Dom/Sub necklace in front of my curious money (NSFW)
accidentally sending a text saying ‘want sex’ to my dad
using Tinder passport and destroying a friendship halfway across the world
going fishing and sitting completely still while redditing.
throwing up in the classroom
dropping the rent off instead of delivering it
cooking my frozen pizza cheese side down.
wrongly calling the cops on a customer
helping my 9 y/o daughter pick out a book on anal satire for my wife
going to my friends house after school.
forgetting to tell my friend my dog needs to stay on a leash if he goes outside or else he runs
falling on black ice and knocking over a couple like they were bowling pins
trying to find the source of the scratching sound in my house.
smoking weed as usual and now just getting caught by the smell they never once smelled
killing a spider
overeating and playing basketball with my nephews only to realize I’m well on my way to becoming a dad. Both in bod and athletic ability.
cheating in a proctorio college exam and in an effort to escape punishment I dropped the class
deepthroating a banana while my neighbour watched
calling my friends mom fat on speaker phone
burning the everloving fuck out of my pizza.
The dirtiest talk that you can imagine...
Be Careful with Pork Sausages
drinking a coffee before my morning run
taking "You won't like this" literally.
burning my hands at work for no real reason
walking in naked to my mums video conference
having some fun time during night time
having my cousin sister use me
Committing a Murder In Front of my Teacher
pissing myself while drunk in a porta-loo the trying to hide it from my bf
going to get a Mtn. Dew from my garage and getting a gun pointed at me instead.
being on Reddit in the train
being too horny and giving myself coronavirus
putting barbecue sauce on my chicken
eating popcorn for dinner
tanning topless in my backyard
accidentally taking my daughter's psychiatric medicine
having a boner when a dog crawls on you and sat on your crotch
mixing up circumference...... and circumcision
giving my dogs Brussel sprouts
sneezing with my ben-wa balls in.
planning a "relaxing" spa trip and ruining Valentine's day.
kind of breaking my best friend's heart whom I love more than anyone? Truly sad, A bit long. Help me please. Anyone.
LPT:  leaving a young girl and her dog who was afraid to pass by the homeless dogs in our street.
becuz I opened my dropbox in front of my gf
Tried sushi for the first time and almost choked in a restaurant.
going to the subreddit “eyebelch”
Cut My Finger Badly Yesterday, And It's Still Bleeding Today!
I poured water in my ear now its behind my eardrum
making a bunch of kids throw up
Nsfw  popping a zitNsfw  popping a zit
sleeping on a charging brick
saying “your mom doesn’t have any kids when my friend says “You don’t have any kids asshole!!”
not safely removing hardware and losing all of a businesses critical data
kidnapping a dog.
not confirming the price of something video chatting naked to the wrong person and losing 1000$.
telling my wife I hate our "first dance" song
dropping the apartment's garage key to the elevator shaft.
at the Secretary of State and misspelling my own name
Tofu by sending a dick pic to a friend as a joke
ass blasting the bathroom
Getting a Little too Excited During My Well Visit
dropping a fork in a lady’s eye
pushing away a love interest
I fuck up everyday Bitch
getting "Friction Burns" before my doctor's appointment
vacuuming my living room
not checking the toilet paper holders at work
Mistaking "Night" in America and Asia
pouring peroxide in my bellybutton
letting my mom sign me up for a loan
Today I fucked up by Logging into Reddit
leaving the Pressure cooker on stove and left for shopping like I'm a mentally retarded idiot
almost burning the house down using the microwave
hitting a balloon with my ice cream
accidentally fingering my little brother at the pool
suggesting that players get "Permanently muted" before they get "Permanently banned" in the xbox sub reddit
eating a handful of live ants
dropping the lube
blurting out that I was suicidal
dreamingly staring at my friend's wife's "exposed" crotch
doing the Heimlich maneuver on a woman who was not choking
breaking a glass on my brothers birthday
By liking a few month old picture of a girl I'm interested in
tickling my boyfriend
hurting my wrist in my garden yesterday and then getting called a wanker today by an old lady
sending a funeral gif to a friend
drawing lewd things
Yesterday we had a siren during the day in memory of our soldiers and everyone stood still looking down to respect them silently for 3mins, except me.
choking on water in my own room
getting caught smoking by my step mum and dad
Why to use private tab
inviting my small girlfriend to drink
getting scared and telling my parents something I shouldn't have
sending the whole office a toilet selfie
taking a girl to see The Lighthouse
thinking a tart was a fruit dip.
accidentally flashing during my Google Meeting
deciding to go to the bank. A guy came in and decided to pull down his mask to sneeze. Now I have symptoms of covid.
hooking up with my fraternity big brothers ex after telling me specifically not to
being overly excited about using the toilet
not checking my son's diaper
stalking a band and forcing a music producer out of his home
not knowing my car brands
not texting my girlfriend all day and staying on Reddit
losing my id, passport, drivers license, money and a friends credit card.
trying to groom my jungle
Am so stressed
I c**ped into my pants inside a crowded elevator
listening to an inappropriate song just before going to bed.
voicing my frustrations with an ex.
making my Pornhub account under the wrong email.
writing a song for a longtime crush
Printing Out A Nude for My Boyfriend
almost sledding straight into a tree only to be “saved”... by children
masturbating with a donut
When I Drove Over a Parking Divider
getting my school IP banned
cumming on my freshly painted bathroom wall.
drinking Chinese cooking wine in order to get drunk
Bear Macing My 9 Months Pregnant Wife In The Face
Petty Facebook drama leads to possible lawsuit and threats
not replacing the water heater on time (sometimes, it’s OK to not listen to your parents)
making a fake weeb discord account as a joke
locking myself out of my bathroom
Test to see if I have to get karma
swatted a fly on the window and broke the window
Bringing the Fires of Heaven Upon My Junk
screaming at my dog for dumping a load in my bed then leaving a meeting.
killing my best friends dog
for eating a handful of raw beans
being a terrible swimmer
going into automode
Coming over as xenophobe to the friendly food delivery guy, when really trying to protect him from covid 19.
Injuring myself on outdoor ice for the sake of nostalgia. making my mother think her stalker is back.
trusting my brother, who then marooned me in a small mountain town in Tennessee.
Clogging Up My Sink
not changing my preschooler out of his pajamas for almost a week
eating raw pizza pockets
I almost saw my boss' mother naked
secretly stalking my crush on twitter and liking her retweets
trying to help my zoom class
commenting on a ladies log burner
overthinking everything while rejecting a confession
losing my dog's trust completely.
People of Reddit, have you avoided an app/site/network after reading their TOS or PrivacyPolicy?
because I chose to go with my crush at rink, although I had never learned to skating at ice.
me not taking the situation more seriously and now being stuck in another country
Letting in a Raccoon Inside my House
and got mistaken for a poacher
masturbating while high
choosing the carpeted room
not being careful while sending lewds to my gf
creating conflict between two friends
having a casually racist thought.
having phone sex with my boyfriend
caulking my anus stopping to get a burrito
shitting myself at the grave of my gf’s father in front of gf’s entire family.
confusing two guys.
impaling my ass on dog-chewed plastics.
getting scammed and blackmailed
forgetting what i was wearing.
sending an honest email to my management.
trying to pee on a hair
dropping my client’s toothbrush into the water pipe
letting my friends find my reddit account.
putting chopped jalapeños in my dinner and then rubbed my eyes.
Complimenting my manager on his weight loss
trying to fuck a stuffed toy.
Eating an ibuprofen pill
When selfies go wrong
wearing band merch to work
half chewing my tongue off after dental surgery.
sending weed to my republican neighbor
my brother
losing the dream girl
going to church camp
going on a date while sick.
buying Shark Cards
not deleting old porn posts on Reddit
picking up an “empty” dog food bag.
uninstalling Kik.
accidentaly accepting a video call and having my boss watch me fuck
leaving a citronella candle burning in my garage all night
Subway Surprise
Eating Seafood in Kansas
accidentally rejecting a girl ruining sexy wrestling night
pressing Ctrl-V at the wrong time
farting loudly near my gym teacher
using my girlfriend's vibrator on myself while her 15 yr old son walked in - Annndd the title make it sound so much worse now that I read it.
proudly telling my dental hygienist that I use a “Clarisonic” to brush my teeth
telling my crush I smoke weed
peeing my pants on the 2nd day of my very first job.
messaging "nice chicks" instead of "nice clicks" on the family whatsapp group
pissing my pants in the middle of the street.
when I watched Deadpool 2 in my parents house.
leaving my phone unlocked and my son forwarded a nude to my MIL.
taking out my Menstural cup in front of my boyfriend.
Laid in dog piss
getting into an argument about how many times the word “Ghostbusters” appears in the theme song “Ghostbusters”
having a panic attack instead of kissing my crush
yeeting my daughter and myself down the stairs
saying that I considered leaving the guy I was dating
trying to shoot a chipmunk on the porch.
I ripped my pants
purchasing the wrong case
at Cottage dinner
forgetting to change my ZOOM virtual background
statement of dissent
ranting about artists and their financial situations.
pissing myself in school
accidentally sending a flirty Snapchat to my university group chat, which was meant for a girl.
when lotion was involved...
calling my accidentally calling my dad the c-word
drunkenly updating my resume and claiming the ability to type at world record speeds.
being a little too nice (overstepping)
My mother might have seen my good stuff on the laptop..
showing my junk to my fiancée's family while I was on vacation
not switching Google accounts when joining a google duo class
losing both my girlfriend and my summer fling in the span of 48 hours.
หัวใจกระชุ่มกระชวย อรอนงค์ อวดช่อดอกไม้ปริศนาพร้อมข้อความสุดพิเศษ
i told a job I changed my mind
piercing the mic of my earbuds thinking it's the reset pin
going upstairs.
sending the wrong meme to a female classmate
telling my yoga instructor I could suck my own dick - UPDATE!!!
driving 40 miles on snowy roads to hook up with a Facebook girl I'd never met
falling down the stairs and winding myself on the banister. Now I smell like leeks.
not responding to the joke my crush made.
being cockblocked by Pac-Man
telling my brother to kill himself. That made him angrier.
trying to get the last bites of bean dip...
Today I accidentally sent an automated email to 200 potential customers
using mayonnaise as a lube.
sneaking up on my son while he was in the shower
forgetting my room number and crawling in the wrong bed.
pretending to not know what a tangerine was
rooming with someone who deep throats their toothbrush every morning
cutting up Jalapeños and Serranos for a chili, and rubbing the juices on my face.
when I just wanted a nice breakfast.
paying a guy for affection when I was in 5th grade (and I stole from my sister to do it)
passing out on set..
walking into a vape store
my getting a massage while experiencing an upset stomach.
telling my boyfriend he was treating his rabbit wrong
getting a chance for my new single to be played on a MAJOR Toronto radio station, and I sent the wrong mp3...WHICH THEY PLAYED!
telling my mom that a rubber duck was my dick
allowing my pet bearded dragons time on the window sill.
but more like last night... (Honesty)
cooking Chicken Wings
Not Using Reddit Enough
Enough said
talking to a boy online who turned out to be the guy me and my friends have been talking about at school
not masturbating for 77 days
cleaning the fridge and spoiling all of our groceries.
giving someone a thumbs up
allowing my instincts to take over
complimenting and sharing an artist's work.
That time I stayed in the shower for to long and had to suffer
sleeping with shark tooth necklace
lighting a bottle rocket that I thought was a stick of incense
deleting my administrator account on my PC. Laugh at my misery.
made a deal with my wife to buy her brand new jeep if she quit smoking...a win win...
I proposed to my girlfriend on the anniversary of her mother’s death and now she won’t speak to me.
not paying enough attention to my nutsack.
getting poison ivy on my dick
being oblivious to a friend's crush in me and in a panic made the worst reaction possible.
getting a cap stuck in my asshole
pulling my friends bag too hard
because I got in a fight over Reddit
being a Secret Santa at work
accidentally slipping a child my house key.
quoting Family Guy
dropping my grandad
Snitching on my coworker (two days ago), then my coworker was pissed at me when she saw me today
not realising how a word in my native language sounds while in UK
letting my Dad eat medicated mashed potatoes.
dumping out a whole cup of cream.
getting black out drunk and exposing my bicurious tendencies
teaching my niece how to say frog
yesterday actually) by hitting turbulence when i was in bathroom+hitting Flight attendant with door+walking to my seat in airplane
accidentally calling 911 which led to my parents receiving a text message with a very awkward nickname.
teaching my dad how to nut.
realizing I’m lactose intolerant and then promptly forgetting it.
working out too hard and end up fishing from the toilet
accidentally inhaling nitrous oxide (laughing gas)
I changed my bikes gear and destroyed my ankle.
eating my girlfriends ass and getting infected with Enterobius vermicularis
factory resetting my mom's mac book pro
making a store staff search for my phone while it was in my car the whole time.
kissing a celebrity
I Shouldn’t have moved in with my stupid boyfriend. I’m regretting it right now
TIFI by doing a fireball enema
Today I fucked up by slicing my fingernail off shaving my legs.
neglecting my wife
nicking my nuts
treating myself to wings while watching football. Ended up with Chuck E Cheese food.
thinking that the amazon delivery guy was an indian tech support scammer
scaring off my first crush
By ordering a little creamy sri-racha
Today I Fckd Up (Well I always am) by arguing with my parents.
nearly shockfrosting our childrens's rooms during a short holiday trip
going down on my girlfriend's roommate while she slept, and I thought it was my GF.
being awake at the wrong time
driving to meet an internet friend whilst having the flu
not checking my messages while having sex with a condom balloon, resulting in a tense and awkward afternoon with my parents in law
slamming the door and losing most of my hearing in the right ear.
R/ wanting to talk to people
unintentionally referring to a bunch of gay rave goers as fairies
meeting my new boss while I was high as a kite with my pants around my ankles
NOT shitting myself
LPT  telling a bad joke
wasted hours of gaming by not knowing how to game
dying my hair blue
leaving underwear out during my oil change (this is actively happening
being an idiot and cracking my laptop screen, costing me a fortune!
hitting on someone I barely knew but will definitely see again
accidentally harassing my coworker.
going to the therapist I fell in love with
saying I was going to bring a knife to school
I acted like I was a bamf in front of my sisters friend and ate shit (metaphorically)
26  You are mine and I can use you as a please. I am your protector, your guide, your Mistress
giving someone else's T.V. to a scammer :(
accidentally letting my dog eat my own shit
locking a dildo gag to my face and losing the keys
banging my crush was on: but it was something that I said
Just got charged for the assault of a minor...sigh
and Cropdusted a Woman With My Shame
Today was the MOST AWKWARD zoom meeting of my life
cutting jalapeños and then touching my clit.
playing games when my helicopter parents got a notification saying I got a 22/30 on my first assignment.
for getting high and losing my badge
forgetting a key part of getting gas
going to an "arcade"
I think I just put my ex in a dangerous situation
sounding like I was watching porn during a meeting
Measuring my Penis while Soft
drinking Diet Dr. Pepper with Lifesavers
today i fucked up by dating my brother
losing my underwear at the office
taking my wife to a Simon and Garfunkel concert that Simon and Garfunkel were never going to be at.
backing up in a Wendy’s Drive through.
leaving my glass of dark red wine alone outside.
getting rid of my christmas tree
when I was indecisive for 4 HOURS about clothes
spending the past week accidentally ordering 2 health drinks and leaving with only 1 everyday
going head on into a business (time and money) the name was a mess
being Muslim
putting chilli up my nose…
allowing my son to make kissing sounds
scrathing my balls too much
becoming closer to my crush and it ended up of her looking down to me in a horrible way
trying to save a child
I NEED HELP WITH MY ROBINHOOD ACCOUNT
cheating on an online exam
telling my dad about a stripped screw
telling my friends whole family he banged his cousin
pretending to hold a conversation with someone who wasn't there for over twenty minutes for absolutely no good reasoning at all which lead to way worse decision making later on that day...
fountaining a cocktail shaker all over my kitchen
writing Furry Porn for a short story contest
accidentally pulling up a porn game at my school
trying to draw with sharpies in my ass and desecrating my rare vintage guitar in the process
telling a very proud, teary eyed daddy that his beautiful teenaged daughter must look more like her mother. pretending to be a Barista
accidentally objectifying my husband
blasting The Lion Sleeps Tonight on a silent airplane six times
telling my mom where i keep my Personal Journal, and Sketch book at.
noticing my Sitch Lite screen had a couple of finger prints and a smear on it...
tickling my wife until she threw up
making a fake post
children singing
eating a tobasco flavored slimjim
eating too many pickles
accidentally sending my brother a nasty picture
going for a run at night instead of eating all day and ended up with 12 stitches and a concussion
I tried to clean up.
One Click to Save my Grade
systematically poisoning my girlfriend for a month
not immediately cleaning the vibe
sending an email I shouldn’t have sent
teaching my cat to throw up in the toilet
going on r/politics
breaking my friends foot.
sending a message to my coworker on zoom global chat that im going to shave my nuts before heading out with a girl.
attempting "good karma"
keeping a secret of breaking my dad’s camera for over 2 years. It was hiding in a closet until my brother got it out to use it.
not knowing how to properly clean a front load washer
leaving my car in a rural area to be stolen by my uncle's girlfriend
forgetting to turn off the mic in an online class
for tipping a girl a huge tip and not realizing she is a minor after...
Almost Brushing My Teeth With Sunscreen
eating burning hot chocolate
Incorrectly Guessing Someone's Age
using my dad's clippers to shave my junk
suggesting a game which almost broke my back
getting too angry at my daughter, and now I feel bad
being @Tfue. I leaked Mr. Beast's cell phone number and an invite code to the charity Rock-paper-scissors livestream involving 32 popular YouTubers.
wiping my ass.
fusing an oven glove to my forearm and nearly ruining date night after the wife's 12 hour shift.
because I elbowed my husband in the chest really hard
trying to purchase a premium Snapchat
talking about chicken based jurassic park to a recruiter
having an all-nighter and becoming depersonalised, and dissociated
calling HR "Retards"
realizing that a wish I made was self-centred
Hit by a 🚂
possibly making a mistake on my shipping address and not checking it
opening my window and being a dumbass
being clingy
making a joke. Goddammit me.
relaxing too much and swallowing a plug with my butt
Fishing with soviet-era explosives.
telling the girl I have been seeing I love her
using a bubble I am allergic to...
masturbating to pictures of my Aunt.
leaving my dildo out in front of my Christian father. (NSFW)
posting my Pokémon Go friend code to Reddit
making my wife think I was dead while she was at the hospital with our newborn
putting my penis ass titties sex
Group Sexting My Sons Whole Baseball Teams Parents List a Very Graphic Sext Meant For My Wife.
letting a squirrel rot in the hood of my car
preheating the oven to make delicious pizza
staying up late
taking a puppy home to soon
not checking what was in my purse before a TSA checkpoint.
I got gum stuck on my leg hair
pissing myself during a sleep paralysis episode (I live with my ~~understanding~~ grandparents)
sending a potential employer an application with a curse word in it
falling asleep in school bus
my computer spam dialing 911
being transparent with a coworker and they mistook it as a threat of work violence
having diarrhea on the side of the road in front on my future father-in-law
on my bowling did batsmen hit 9 sixes in my 2 overs.
“I pooped behind a trash can
trying to fix my PS4
telling my nephew a joke.
sending a nude to the wrong person on Snapchat
leaving my headphones on my bike for a moment and turning my back on it. Some @ssho1e nicked it. In just a minute !
telling my mate a 'dad joke' the day his dad died
playing in the rain.
having an accident
reading my girlfriend a post
cleaning our closet
resetting my phone when 2 factor authentication was turned on on my Facebook
shitting myself in the shower
Requesting A Birthday Shoutout For My Uncle.. unknowingly applying for a pallbearer job
dancing in the shower
being a stupid kid and trying to open a 2 feet tall beehive to see what's inside.
Oh ......sorry .....
waking up 30 students on a Tuesday night
leaving a makeshift dildo on my bed.
joking about my friend being single
TOFU by having sex on a couch and making my dick bleed
how do i keep doing this?
assigning crude nicknames to the disabled kids at my wife's school and causing her an even bigger FU.
seeing my mother getting pregnant
writing with erasable ink
Almost lost my foot due to my stupidity
Accidently ate a pepper
farting.
saying my friends pet was "just a pet"
eate
letting the person I care for drink milk
I sent pictures to my boss
clicking a link on YouTube
risking a hard fart.
leaving my crotch packer in the bathroom
Im dumb as shite
not getting an oil change
Trying to Open a Glass Bottle With a Pocket Knife
getting drunk and pretending not to be drunk then my mom walks in on me doing parkour in my bedroom listing to Mandalorian music
asking my boss’ boss if his wife would participate as a speaker at an LGBTQ diversity event.
not teaching my son how to eat soup.
playing Stardew Valley on my lunch break
using hair removal cream and being a stupid human.
printing 16 single-paged sheets of my french test when I only needed one
reading a particularly unpleasant doujin and hating myself and the internet for it
my co-worker's phone connecting to our transporter
telling my wife I don't want to look at fake ladies celebrating Father's Day.
having kinky sex with my girlfriend and now my entire college thinks I’m a rapist
cutting myself with safety scissors
falling asleep on my balls
slapping a mosquito
accidentally having a Nazi soldier on my Reddit Avatar and getting backlash from the Russian and Israeli subs
not being scared of grass.
forgetting that I was storing rice in the oven
Today I fucked up by leaving my purse open
inadvertently training my brain to go to sleep after rubbing one out
asking out my crush
going into labor at my cousin's wedding
sleeping in the woods by myself
serving an ex-girlfriend
realizing for the last FOUR YEARS my version of the George Costanza voicemail was my voicemail greeting.
A Whole Lotta Banging Going On
Annapurna Base Camp Trek 2021 Update
not doing try the one thing yiu shouldn't do after touching hot peppers.
not realizing I’m allergic to bananas
cutting off the blood supply to my lady parts
embarrassing my boyfriend in front of my friends
lending my brother my Bluetooth earbuds and forgetting to disconnect them from my phone
burning my balls with topical analgesic cream
hmm
forcing my potential employer to shake my hand even though she physically was inable to do so, and pulled a Scomo.
casually calling my wife "crazy" the same exact day she was prescribed anti-anxiety &amp; anti-depression medication
setting up a 3sum for my husband and I and receiving a sex injury.
telling my closest friend and family I was m*lested as a kid
telling the girl i was seeing that I use to have feelings for one of my close friend.
realizing after 4 yrs what a cake day was &amp; going on a karma tear
not ensuring my toddlers penis was pointed down on the potty
eating 13 pancakes and creating a huge mess in the car
Having McDonalds for the First Time Since Quarantine
Sleeping through finals
not paying attention to how my gf or those around me look
getting drunk on a company party and spending money that i don't have on hookers. As an apprentice.
nearly burning my house down jacking off
eating while driving
thinking I developed a skin disease
farting in class and letting a four year old boy take the fall.
calling my mom about a sex dream
lying about liking anime
Slapping my teachers butt.
washing leather adidas
using drain cleaner
Today I actually f'ed up
sharing a cat video to my boyfriend, which caused him to break up with me showing my boyfriend a cat video that caused him to break up with me
peeing in a paper cup for social distancing.
It should really be Today I'm The Fuck Up
sending a friend a screenshot of her house on google maps.
Mistaking a car crash survivor for a drunk
Did the thing, didn’t pull out
letting a semi truck roll backwards down a mountain with my trainer inside?
leaving my most prized possession unguarded
Left my gas stove on low for 2 days before I realized it
honestly answering my fiancé's question.
using “shooting blanks” in the wrong sense
leaving leaving my Fleshlight anus in the shower
not paying attention when cutting my hair
Tasting a Toenail
having itchy balls
sitting with bare legs on a chair that I didn’t realize had poison ivy oil from the jeans I wore earlier. I should have changed clothes immediately.
letting my finger slip.
I couldn’t sleep
asking, can I watch?
Beating my Dad at Laser Tag
making out in a public place and getting caught.
saying a swear word in front of 30 kindergarteners
touching wire on fire
making my girlfriend vomit during a game of vibbage
oversleeping
Thinking My Neighbors Were Having a Huge Argument.
I Screwed Up Christmas
sexting my FIL
putting contact lenses soap onto my eyes
thinking today would be a normal day that didn’t involve massive amounts of dog shit.
getting drunk on purpose.
putting diesel in my new gas car
comparing my professor to Milana Vayntrub without realizing she could hear me.
Today I fucked up by burning my anus on the bidet.
I sent an explicit text message that was intended for my girlfriend (SO) to the wrong girl
developing a crush on a coworker
getting caught making out with my girlfriend by her Christian dad.
Short and sweet for a quick laugh.
doing the sexy hot sex cum sex sex sexy sexing sex.
I thought the girl I liked, liked me
dropping my sunglasses in to my own poop
Having Le Sex And Being Le Epic Gamer
almost electrocuting myself to death
washing a half ounce of weed
Be careful when you first wake up
asking how my testicles were looking in the middle of an ultrasound
watching the season 2 finale of the show Fleabag
just sending gold to someone who was literally crying and I didn't think to make it anonymous, and now it looks like I'm doing it for internet points and validation.
drying deer hides in my backyard
I smoked weed and now my parents think I have Coronavirus
asking for a Macbook Pro
stocking the fridge while distracted
I Need FEEDBACK FOR MY MILLION DOLLAR BUSINESS
trying to be cool, and ended up labeled for the rest of my middle school career
showering my kitchen with rat blood
accidently shaving part of my eyebrow
being an asshole as a kid
NOT CHECKING THE TP...
recording the screen but no audio
possibly giving my fiance worms?
skipping bathrooms on a run
betting on the US presidential election.
sending futanari edits to my school WhatsApp group.
alienating a friend probably losing them
Texting While Hyped Up On Sugar
letting my mom know I went to the hospital because I had an emergency
sending pics without checking
NSFW] By buying a penis mold and making a HUGE mess.
unknowingly worsening my acne for years.
smashing my door
I lied to my grandmother about her cake tasting "fine" and she ended up losing a contest the next day
having the door to my room closed
By bringing condoms to work
meeting the family for the first time naked during a family emergency getting a girl.
telling my boyfriend (27) he’s adopted.
making a cream pie food.
trusting strangers on reddit
not taking my AirPod pro out.
knocking over a bottle of 90% rubbing alcohol onto my carpet at home while high.
Being Alive
making a sweet old Moroccan lady very uncomfortable...
mumbling "will do!"
playing on hold
woke Fiancee up to make prints at work
rooking up with a MILF
fucking up worse yesterday.
forgetting bruising left on my thighs, now my doctor thinks I've either been abused or have a bad service dog
not muting my audio during a Zoom meeting
not realizing my hot friend asking my out
eating a boatload of sugar free gummies during a long movie
punching myself in the face whilst trying on a dress
arguing with a Transgender friend about his new name.
not going to the toilet before sleep
getting drunk and trying to sleep it off
helping my friend back up her old phone. NSFW
exposing my entire boob in class and getting sent to the guidance counselor
The
cumming in pants at night
stewing in my own filth for hours
accidentally sounding during sex
accidentally creating a toxic environment for my dog and causing her intense bouts of diarrhea and sending her to the emergency vet on Christmas
showing my classmates my girlfriends naked body ordering a Fleshlight
leaving school and hence leaving my friend all alone
Putting an Oriental Rug in the Washing Machine
not making my bed every day.
taking a sharpened butter knife through airport security.
Forgetting my Own Relationship Status
An anime character in a bikini came up when my dad was helping me with work on my phone.
shitting in a carrier bag
making a soup
sending parents and in-laws a risque snap-chat collage of my wife and I.
using the toilet at the wrong time
using my teeth to open a wrapper and ended up cracking my tooth
throwing a full milkshake “out” a clean car window
opening my friends safari app
using hp recovery and wiping 9 years of data.
slashing my balls in the midst of shaving it
making a coworker think I have feelings for her
sexing le sex
stubbing my toe on the same thing 3 times.
acting like I was going to fight my friend/coworker in the parking lot at work
My brother opened my mail and now I’m ready to die
Worst Date, it was something I said.
predicting the future
smacking my husband's butt
accidently making a bottle of lysol explode in the dryer and getting accused of almost blowing up our neighborhood .
cutting almost completely my own finger
when I destroyed a marriage on Facebook
Took a call from a recruiter at work and was overheard VP of Finance
crashing my moped in front of my basketball coach
making Pizza
Losing both my dignity and expensive underwear
making the neighbor think I was being inappropriate with her kid.
trying to lose my virginity to a pornstar
for confessing my feelings to my crush
waiting until the next day to unpack my car
texting my ex and not my girlfriend
being careless while taking something out of a top shelf
lovingly laying out some clothes for my GF to wear the next morning
missing an interview at Google and not realizing it until a year later.
Posting about the corona virus
Not Following the Buddy System.
driving with my parking break on
letting a friend drive my car
putting my foot in my mouth TWICE while attempting to console a coworker
drinking 600 mg of caffeine.
taking pills and farting
sending a NSFW pin to several group chats
not being essential and leaving sugar free candies at my desk.
making salsa.
prepping for a job interview
working from home and joining a webex meeting
wearing a mask of me and my ex in front of a hot girl
crashed a car
Suspicious stories/accounts
Telephone Interpretation Services
staying in a toxic friendship for too long
masturbating and getting caught by my sister
farting in a strangers face
making a mess in a foreign country
imitating a video game character and causing another child to get hurt
joking with my friends and they took everything personally and got super mad at me
Ever trying ecstasy
pooping in my garden
driving to work
BEING SOCIALLY AWKWARD
trusting my dentist
accidentally dropping stuff in the toilet.
walking in my parents bedroom
going to a new friends house and sitting through a pyramid scheme presentation.
A finger-nail is stuck in my eye
using orgasm balm at 3 in the morning
pissing a tall black guy off by just looking at him.
i fucked up
not realizing it was my cakeday
losing virtually all my belongings
not doing a research project and now I only have six days to do it
making a horrible joke on a conference call.. whilst not muted
browsing r/fiftyfifty and losing sleep
breaking $600 worth of bongs in a smoke shop on Friday the 13th
Reading out loud
overdosing on dopamine in my brain thinking a kid was drowning
marrying my cousin
opening NSFW commisions
and grew a "tail"
Worst timed joke I've ever said.
using a cheap Uber-alternative to take my GF to her first job interview in years
closing my car door
Never try this at home
trying to take pictures of a lady without her knowledge.
attempting to put my pants on both legs at the same time and ripping them
bu wearing my new engagement ring to work and losing it.
oiling my hair
sending a photo of my junk to my family
Prank gone wrong
After accidentally buying way too much toilet paper for years, I finally ran out. THIS WEEK.
How to convince my crush that, I'm the best guy for her?
Flirting Disaster
SLAYING NIGGERS SLAYING NIGGERS SLAYING NIGGERS SLAYING NIGGERS SLAYING NIGGERS SLAYING NIGGERS SLAYING NIGGERS SLAYING NIGGERS
inadvertently accusing my wife of lying and cheating when she told me she was going to the gym.
LPT One of the most cringe moments of my life
realizing reddit behavior may effect job hunt.
introducing an 8 year old to porn.
taking too much preworkout
hiding a xanax bar in my sock
how I ended up sleeping alone on Valentine’s Day
เทียบกันชัดๆ ลาล่า อาร์สยาม ขอไปให้สุด เปลี่ยนลุคเป็น ชมพู่ อารยา
Cole is gay
bleeding from over masturbation
showing my grandma my boob art.
droping the weed (hash) i just bought....
drinking ice tea
inadvertently waging war with all my neighbors via WiFi.
farting in the break room and causing a coworker to throw out part of her dinner.
sex boobs pussy masturbation in public with sexy girl my hot wife sex ass
staying in a pool too long
thinking i was cumming
When My Long Distance GF Asked Me If I Wanted to Watch a New Rom Com on Valentines
trash talking our office cookies
running from a fart.
YASSoo-online.com
I flashed my tits to my favorite teacher on a video call
putting a napkin in a candle
majorly by forgetting my friend’s birthday.
leaving my phone at clothes store
pretending to love Kim Jong-Il to impress my first ever date
Do you smell something?"
shidding myself at the grocery store, which led to me being searched by the police
wanting some fresh air
walking in a cold river and shrinking my dick.
watching Mr. Robot after smoking
asking if my two month old niece’s (you know) was wet
mashing my finger
visiting my mom
having extremely hot sex with a very attractive female (which I describe in detail in the post) and it felt good.
eating chicken butt
listening to Public Enemy at the gym
squeezing a watermelon onto my asshole to be sexy
Doing the Dishes
getting together with a Crazy Chick.
gifting my home stay family a deck of playing cards.
screaming to an old lady
getting confused about a german-english false friend translation and totally freaking out
dreaming about video games
offering sex to my teacher during class
going to a restaurant
murdering my amazing harvest moon video game profile
showing off my titties to an entire class of university students by laptop camera
going to a rave
taking a nap on the sofa
breaking quarantine
causing a massive panic on the NYC subway
taking home the keys to the company pickup truck.
Shey it sunday dm me if you still want to hookup for today.. 2108603080
forgetting my Rx
giving myself a tattoo
singing the N-Word in front of a black guy.
forgetting a password and missing out on buying a highly coveted item I had in my shopping cart.
texting the wrong number and believing it was my friend's number for the whole summer
accidentally telling my friend I was just using his birthday to stay up
(NSFW)  licking a girl's asshole.
telling my wife my feelings
smoking weed and then going to an indoor hot tub.
Almost getting myself and my brother suffocated
putting my earbuds in the washing machine
doing a FRIEND a ’FAVOR’!
depending on a diva cup. smoking weed and triggering a mental disorder
My (19F) younger sister came across my mail before I could and I'm worried she knew what it was ....
bringing my MacBook into the bathroom
passing gas in my bfs face
ruining spring break plans.
forgetting how to roll a joint and burning my lungs
slapping my girlfriend’s dad’s gun out of his hand
Going to Work and Not Realizing I Was Sick
wearing a new pair of shorts
taking a 23 and Me test
wishing ill on my friend's mom
unlocking my phone when meeting my new professor.
accidentally drawing a penis on my school whiteboard in front of my whole class
googling priapism
making the my entire year level think a girl was going to kill herself
asking a question
picking a username that can be very easily misunderstood
sending spam to 200k people, causing sizeable economic damage to two multinational companies, a serious lawsuit, and probably getting fired in the process.
looking like a child predator
accidentally shooting shit ropes across my girlfriend's parent's bathroom and shower curtain
sending my CEO 400 mails crashing his mail box
having sex with my aunt, while her pet cossowary ate garbanzo beans put of the taco salad.
snapping at my brother for smoking too much vape while leaving the door open
A small casualty of masking up
Because of me, my store is sitting on $500 dollars that doesn’t belong to us.
flashing my maintenance man
leaving my school computer unattended
training my dog to only respond to commands when prefixed with profanity.
Not Using Proper Spanish at a Hotel
being into a guy
buying Universal Studios tickets for 50% off
stabbing myself in my foot with my toe nailstabbing myself in my feet with my toe nail
trying to get a really good wipe
forgetting my magnesium supplement is also a powerful laxative
sexting a married woman
telling my nephew airplane mode meant my phone would have wings.
pissing in a bottle
making my own intervention
being too horny in lockdown
tifyuruh
going number 2 in my pants
Tefu (today "elves" fucked up) my sons christmas
taking my dog out in the snow.
showing my dad gay adult videos
mixing up asmr with bdsm
keeping forbidden fish
raising $30k on WallStreetBets for a Superbowl ad resulting in international news coverage, my being banned by the subreddit, and having to issue 2,000 refunds to Redditors.
cops showing up at my house thinking I was going to kill myself
discovering my co-workers husband was a pedophile
getting in a CAR ACCIDENT while learning to drive
not telling my coworker what a jockstrap was in time
when a rescue dog was returned to me.
Finding Treasure in My GF’s Cave
Not turning off my locations services while I was being a hoe
having sex with my pillows
shortcutting at work
taking a fat shit on my bosses desk
NSFW) kissing my cousin
shitting the bed next to a girl I was dating for 3 weeks
leaving my shopping list where it could be seen by everyone, and they saw the Goodnites Pull-up bedwetting diapers for my 12 year old, which were supposed to be a secret. Now all of his siblings know.
carrying the litter box by the handle
forgetting my food at work and also being a loser
when I sent my best friend an article about Borat two and called it the “most exciting moment of my adult life” minutes after her house burned down in the Oregon fires.
mom opening on me while sexy video time with long distance bf
have a panic attack at work
telling my friend I was born through C-section
joking about google translate
By Calling a Girl a Cow
Today I f***ed up.
wiping my face after handling jalapeños... Went to store with mask on, sweat the whole time and burned my face from the jalapeños...
not realising how sharp a knife was
telling my class that I was essentially, "rock hard."
attempting self care
yelling at a disabled girl and her carer by mistake
teaching a guitar class to 12 year olds
using a makeup brush as a buttplug
using an Arnold Schwarzenegger accent during sex and yelling “for Mother Russiaaaa” while nutting, and now my girlfriend is mad at me and giving me the cold shoulder because I killed the mood
Member XXL is currenty the best product designed for men who want to enlarge their penis. It has the advantage over other products in that it is very easy to use and 100% safe. It also guarantees spectacular effects, not available with other methods. No pain, no discomfort and discreet!
shitting at school.
not answering question in my exams when I thought I done everything
Leaving my Job for a better Job.
breaking steam through negligence
trying to have fun on Halloween
accidentally assisting in a robbery
getting elected to a local government position.
because I thought my dad's underwear got me pregnant, now my bowels are paying the price.
winking suggestively at my teacher
replying with "I know" when my boyfriend said "I love you".
pushing the wrong button on the thermostat and making it 80 degrees in my house on a hot day.
K-O’ing by brother
farting after eating dragonfruit
Accidentally Being A Victim and Perpetrator in a Robbery.
upvoting my own meme with a throwaway account and getting banned from reddit.
nsfw) by hiding my vibrator in a bag under my bed
buying a double pack of bacon.
knocking a ceiling tile loose at school
locking myself in a 24/7 gym and now i can't get out/ I'm homeless.
sleeping with a clingy annoying man
and am no longer going to keep so much cash on me
leaving a passive aggressive note about my upstairs neighbours piss sounds
moaning when my chiropractor cracked my neck
forgetting to specify my pronouns
breaking 4 boxes of new tiles for our bathroom
here is your poll (likely to be removed by mods)
thinking today's my exam and turns out it's tomorrow.
lying to my family trying to stay clean
changing my oil
sending my Gf a screenshot from tinder..
scrolling
I bit my finger in the moment
stubbing my toe against the TV stand
accidentally buying Ebooks for over 200€.
almost cutting my finger off in the first day of my first job
I got haemorrhoids, shit in a witches cauldron and my dog ate it.
getting evicted again due to old habits.
Publicly Shaming a Pregnant Teen
thinking it was just a fart
applying for mortgages during a pandemic
locking my mom out of the house
watching porn at home.
I was send out of class because I was to spry
"farting" on my wife/making our dog pee on our bed NSFW
I gave a one finger salute
corona consequences
creating a monster
browsing Reddit and nearly burning the house down
My sleep walking continues
accidentally drinking my own waste
Lying to my Professor about Being Frisked
losing a butt plug
inviting "Kane,the wrestler" to my room!
cursing at the instacart delivery people.
getting caught skinny dipping
sucking on my dead uncles toe.
ordering a shirt from a Chinese website
Walking into the opposite gender washroom by accident
Obsession with stinky feet giving me sinus infection
almost killing our dog
accidentally shaving a mole
Night shift in another state
eating undercooked, spoiled pork that made my POOP AND FARTS SMELL LIKE DEATH
Removing My Phone Lock
Illegally Downloading a Chinese Propaganda movie 🍿🇨🇳
trying to have sex with my girlfriend at my parents house
fucking my sister in law
waking up late
Fender bender FML
keeping my Zoom Call active while chatting shit about my boss
telling a yo momma joke.
accidentally talking like a boomer to a guy I like
wearing the wrong size shoes for 8 years
watching "Upgrade" with my family without watching the whole trailer first.
For mixing up the dates ( I am a complete idiot )
forgetting how to use zoom
loaning someone a gun for target practice when I should have known better
asking Alexa to play Christmas music.
running with the wrong clothes and getting accused of terrorism
when I tried to take a cute selfie
being sunburnt and dressing nicely
watching porn on a SCHOOL account
The most embarrassing thing ever
accidentally convincing my roommate that our house was haunted by a homoerotic ghost
not wearing socks
driving my car over a barrier
flashing somone my Balls in a public restroom while Washing them🍒(NSFW?)
putting a banana in the same bag with my laptop
breaking my teacher favourite high-tech pen
not keeping my mouth shut at the dentist
forgetting my Dad’s birthday
making bad things even worse for my gf
busting an enormous nut and fucking the shit out of my grades in the process
being le epic secks grill
not speaking with my friend for weeks
playing the wrong song
reading manga wrong for 6 months.
sounding racist
Heartbroken
botching my German in a hilariously embarrassing way
going to a massage parlor
throwing my money and garbage at the same time
eating a cupcake before work
telling all my Facebook friends my boyfriend was watching porn at a D&amp;D game
Accidentally eating Chicken pot pie without cooking it properly
mixing up my caffeine pills.
Putting wallet on back of car
my zoom pfp ft. Louis Partridge
Gave my friend my essay for review, they stole it
leaving my heart monitor on during sex
having the most awkward interview of my life because of a weird fetish called “Wet Sagging”
using a bioplastic shopping bag
accidentally splashing salad dressing all over the kitchen
eating the softest most disgusting crisp ever
thinking I fucked my boyfriend’s dad.
having too many e-mail addresses.
posting a WhatsApp status and my teacher has seen it
burning myself i tried if the metal part in a face mask i conductive by putting it shorting a battery, it hurt
Suicidio...
posting on sluttyconfession with my real account
reading r/AskReddit
making special coffee...
sending racy joke a girl that i've been talking to
doing my injection.
Nearly set the house on fire with a tortilla.
hey guys  sex
cumming onto my little brother's Xbox controller
Gave myself a horrible rash by trying to practice self-care.
disappointing my wife and her whole family.
almost killing my sisters hamster with lysol and other chemicals
when my kid caught his mom and I having sex. He walked in, screamed “NO!” and slammed the door. I told him “We were practicing Juijitsu” he said “you were practicing making a baby! You looked like 2 naked spiders on top of each other”. I bet he fucking knocks next time!
When I was In a very packed bathroom and ripped the loudest fart ever.
telling friends wife thier wedding anniversary plans which was supposed to be a surprise
WARNING TO ALL SNACK LOVERS
not recognizing my friends
showing my entire office a lewd anime girl while sharing my screen in a Teams meeting
creating a post on Reddit
wanting to watch some youtube videos in VR Before going to sleep.
stealing the first piece of my billionaire boss’ birthday cake.
leaving my neighbor's dog out overnight
introducing my 11 year old to the music of Barry Manilow.
telling someone I beat off to my crush
smoking God particle and getting attacked by bats.
sneezed
getting myself tricked by 2 blondes.
repainting the interior of a port-a-potty
being caught by the store manager with me on my knees and my hands up my pretty managers skirt.
not stalking my husband
I kissed a guy, my friend was dating (and I didn’t know about it)
losing my ID
telling my cousin to go tan.
accidentally saying more people should be murdered for their beliefs
being violated by my parents water jug
trying to collect water because I’m an absolute microscope junky and apparently an idiot.
going afk without covering myself in
sending my boyfriend some nudes
accidentally telling my friend to say 'clit'
being overly confident in my driving skills
sharing a meme with my crush
shitting myself in my car.
By taking sh@t almost in front of neighbors.
implying I drink human waste
I drop kicked my boyfriend of 4 years
sleeping with my aunt
because my friend admitted to liking me in French my response? You know I can read French right?
practically raping my boyfriend
getting way too emotionally attached to a online person I met a week ago and crying when they disabled their account
NSFW Practicing some lines to say
getting caught for having a dildo
It said dunkin, but it wasnt donuts
getting drunk and thinking a swim in the river it's a good idea
misreading things and ruining a friendship.
eating without salt next to an iguana that I don't own
considering spreading some holiday cheer during this pandemic.
nearly overflowing my toilet with toilet paper because of laziness.
The needle is gone! Big Drama Show
forgetting AirPlay exists
using a blender while zoning out
Today I learned that I fucked up. My brother’s fiancée thinks I’m a misogynist asshole
sending a card
kicking a dog bone
buying a pack of condoms 2 months ago and forgetting.
Let me gf start an OnlyFans to post lingerie pictures for extra income, now watch her have sex with other men as a subscriber.
having chicken soup for dinner as i am recovering from severe food poisoning
making a customer cry.
sending a picture of a girl who I think is cute to my best friend.
being late to an interview. An interview that then ended with an arrest.
laughing loudly during my online Zoom training while on unmute. Thank god I was off video. But my manager was with us in the training and I think I died for a minute when the Instructor asked 'Is someone laughing at me?'
My Bulldog Got In A Sticky Situation Cuz Of Me
I told my friend no one cares about division 3 sports
juicing a leek.
Ruining My Chance With My Crush
picking up my 20 year old cat the wrong way
partly due to having the Oxford Covid vaccine.
saying something out loud when I thought I was saying it in my head.
letting one of my classmates navigate my Google Docs.
not taking a purse to church with me
texting my elderly mother a profanity involving my newish wife
playing the song Two Trucks while meeting my mom's new boyfriend and his kids for the first time
asking a stripper about her stockings
picking up dog poo while it was windy
feeding my friend nasty ass food.
realizing I accidently fucked my cousin
getting caught shoplifting from Primark
making hot pepper relish
Let A Patient Use My Phone
ruining my uncle's baby's name
taking photos of a dinosaur pop up book.
accidentally getting 5 year old to call their friends inappropriate words
joining Reddit
telling my friends my fetish
looking a neighbour in my garden.
saying yes to everything someone was saying even though I couldn’t hear him
being an idiot and basically stealing my boss' chair
drinking red wine on a Tinder date.
banging a glass wall while texting my friends about my first acceptance to a PhD program Removed - Rule 3
burning my back while trying to take a photo
running into my ex and her entire family blazed off my ass
getting an earbud from my headphones stuck in my ear and needing my brother to pull it out. (Small)
having unprotected sex with my wife
making a discord server and wondering why everyone was leaving. trading a $20 Amazon Gift Card for a movie Theater one... During a pandemic... When no one can go to the movies
asking the age of a Fortnite skin
getting in the pool while the pool cover was still on it.
leaving a bag of used feminine products and condoms on my kitchen counter before showing my house to prospective buyers.
eating a whole box of Frosted Mini Wheats
having a dream and convincing my partner I need a refresher on the biology of a man NSFW
"laughing at a crackhead"
falling asleep after leaving my stream on
getting caught cheating
spending using my grandma’s credit card to buy a $750 stuffed animal.
crashing a cancer fundraiser with my friend covered in garbage
Bombing a math test for a job interview.... when I have a degree in math
being a reddit introvert
spending 50€ in diesel instead of 5
spelling my name wrong to a client
spending money and lifetime on some home improvements I don't use
LPT: Make sure you know every racial slur
I have braces and this happened
you just need one post to get a lot of karma.
walking in on my grandma
Might not be able to go to my friends house anymore
going to pee while my laptop was running and then crashing it to the point where I was not able to even force shut it down.
sending a picture to some of my Facebook friends.
eating a bowl of Spaghetti-O's with my phone suction cup mounted to the sunroof.
not muting my mic in physics
getting my dog high and now she's tripping balls.
Drank a bottle of 4 year old syrup for a $50 bet. I feel super sick. Am I going to be okay?
accidentally sending a message intended for my Girlfriend, to one of my friends instead. breaking a toe putting my shoes ob
mocking grandpa Joe
This one is mediocre at best but..
connecting my phone's Bluetooth to some guy's TV.
breaking my roommate’s light
swallowing a small metal rod
leaving my sister for 5 minutes and resulting in her turning into Thanos.
sending my crush a gift on Pokémon Go while sexting with them
making the Uber driver think I had to drag my mom out from under my bed before I could leave
stealing a cat from an old man who lost his wife and dogs
AirPod retrieval gone bad
wearing skinny pants
I asked "How is thy day?"
I trusted a fart at work 😔
agreeing to pop a spot on my boyfriends nose
By being nice and complementing a younger girl on reddit
kicking my girlfriend in the face
introducing my Sister In Law's Grandfather to the Term "Ok, boomer"
letting my toddler get covered in ants.
brushing my teeth in the shower and scalding the h*ck out of my back
sleeping naked
forgetting gravity affects things that ... dangle ... the older you get.
Getting Bagels in Brooklyn
having a shitty phone
Yelling at the Stranger in my Backyard
trying to defend myself and actually being the attacker.
deleting the 'R' from Reddit.com...
laughing when someone was drowning
trying to do a 2 man job by myself
trying to get a bit Cirque du Soleil and instead my future in-laws saw my broken man-sausage
being a horny idiot
setting my exes pussy on fire
feeding my kittens double the recommended amount of food
having a bloody shit
taking a bath while using a menstrual cup
forgetting to turn off the microphone and watch anime while in virtual class
accidentally reposting someone’s post
starting a startup with people I dont like
most ashamed I've ever been of myself...
meeting a tinder date at her house. NFSW
12 hours to 'Vienna' to ride in those fancy boats. Turns out I confused Vienna with Venice.
in bed...
I didn't have 750 characters in October.
I lost a bet and had to shave my armpits
giving my ex money.
putting water in my ear and it somehow reached my brain
farting on my dog
trying to dry my hair
repeatedly throwing up an swallowing it each time
naming the vibrating dildo my bf bought me “Fabritzio” and he heard “FEBREEZio”
bu throwing my new airpods in the garbage
scratching my dick in class
Filing a Grievance Against My Professor
expecting someone to do the right thing
going to a work event that I wasn’t invited to. What now?
adding two extra zeroes into my cash register and putting that a woman gave me $5,000 instead of $50
ordering McDonald’s high
letting my date wear my jizz rag
Clove oil spank attempt, NSFW
being the worst neighbors in history
cutting off my life a dear Friend and a Love
being over worked and screwing over my colleauges
accidentally voting for a democrat.
trying to carry a heavy desk up the stairs by myself
sending nudes to a guy who was not interested in seeing them
using the same username
by making this post
forgetting to take my night pills that help me sleep 😭
giving my 3 year old a hickey on her forehead
accidentally killing a cat
accidentally making my friend cry about her dead mother
getting a blow job and contracting Covid for a week.
not having common sense
believing my mom's believes.
For Saying Stuff I wished I Could Take Back
Yesterday my teacher f****d up by giving me a $5000 coin
hitting myself in the head with a baseball bat. Twice....
getting blackout drunk and coked out of my mind in front of my wife to be.
lying about my credentials to my boss.
texting my wife’s tiddies to my mother, mortifying all three of us.
telling my friend her dogs handsome
having a phone number
giving a bunch of haunted house workers a full view.
almost streaming porn audio to my mom’s SUV
vandalising a local business
sending my friend a picture with a giant moth on it
leaving a pizza in the oven and remembering/announcing to an entire lecture
drinking too much and almost having a heart attack.
saying yes to "do you mind giving me the answer"
getting tied up before a family dinner.
asking my son to look at my phone for me
lying about having a sore willy.
Today I fucked up by getting a blood nose during a pandemic.
The racist idiom
finally making a PornHub account
accidentally pissing in a girls bed
accidentally naming my company after an STD
covering my gray bedroom wall with sperm
saying What? out of reflex
trusting the my umpire coworker to keep the call the same
If it don’t work... bash on it til it does! (TL;DR at the end)
trying to take a harmless shower but it led to a very painful night
use a towel to wipe my ass at a party
My mom’s google meets Bluetooth disaster
saying F U to all the cars at the pedestrian crossing.
trying to back up my hard drive's files while half-awake
grabbing the wrong woman
forgetting I had gum in my pants pocket. NSFW
changing clothes
lending my friend a hairbrush that I used to come my pubes
drove drunk
accidentally taking a classmates note cards
chasing after our stolen car.
accepting payments through Venmo to sell an iPad and didn’t realize that Venmo reviews your transactions and accepting payments for goods via Venmo violates their user agreement.
losing to a spider
being too obsessed with bringing in Amazon Packages
helping my brother reach his goal
I forgot to email my professor
and I almost had sex earlier today
accidentally uploading sexy anime fanfiction to my school account
not being fully aware of my surroundings
when my girlfriend's dad got home while we were having sex
Posting a F1 scoop for karma
by asking a girl if she had cancer.
mistaking a handicap accessory for a toy
"confronting" my best friend of 2 years for cheating and it blew up in my face when she told me it was rape.
Today I ALMOST Fucked Up
rendering "first-aid"
lacertating my poor cat
getting in a car with a stranger after mistaking him for my friend
looking at my little brothers tablet
going on a website to see what it’s all about
overthinking my flight booking and temporarily blocking all available seats on my flight instead.
sending an inappropriate picture to my child’s teacher.
skateboarding
Kicking My Wife's Cat
having this username and cant unblur nsfw images
not watching my stove.
forgetting to flush the toilet while I was on my period, convincing my ex that heart break can also break your ass.
getting stranded on a beach with my SO after having sex
unknowingly calling my best mate a racial slur
ending a friendship by letting somebody have sex in my own bed
Calling a Random Stranger a Mother Fucker Loudly to his Face
today I fucked up by having sex
introducing my son to the boogey man
getting lucky while trying a joke from my favorite TV show...
calling a black man nigga
googling for a programming manual page
telling my friend that I was gonna masturbate to her
performing on stage to overcome my stage fright
trying to Apologise to a little kid
turning my beanbag into a bed
ripping my leg open and breaking my toe.
drinking a bottle of red wine
Completely fucked up while making facemasks
Free free free free producer drum kits, samples &amp; loops best of 2020 download here!!!!
brushing my teeth the wrong way for 16 years
unknowingly jacking off to my aunts nudes on reddit
Not Finding the Body
being way too ambitious and getting lost in the mountains.
Accidentally Free Bleeding at Work
Butt Clenching
almost dropping my moms thong in front of my entire 3rd grade class.
thinking I was a stronger swimmer than I though.
NSFW Plumbing Problems
asking the waitress how big her biscuits were .!
ruining my ability to taste
Shitting My Pants
putting my brand new bank card in the bin
accidentally splashing mouthwash on the bathroom mirror.
eating fast food before bed
almost dying from a razor
accidentally over sharing about my lucid dreams with my friends
going downstairs at 12 am
I got very lost in the hot sun
taking out my moon cup
Getting fired for calling chocolate "sexy"
not hearing my girlfriend
Cheated on a test and accidentally told my mom
FU by not asking my fiancé for the keys to my car
creating churro bombs
for saying Ok Karen
imitating the pain of a circumcision
WHOSE TREASURE - a new card game
listening to bad info from a news group instead of my hunches, and the good people on reddit.
moving wood
not understanding what a phrase meant.
making a bad joke in front of my awesome teacher
Need the truth
potentially killing myself from carbon monoxide poisoning
"misusing" my school email for "inappropriate purposes"
changing my friend’s Netflix profile to the Kids setting and then having to delete it with all his history
making a married woman catch feelings for me
letting anger get the best of me in a hard game
trusting a cloud
forgetting to plug in headphones.
and crushed my friend's dreams
being a self-hating black man
getting my 14 month old a skin fade haircut
doing a Christoph Waltz impression when meeting my girlfriend's parents.
locking my self in the bathroom for 10 mimutes and used youtube to get out
helllllooooo? any mods alive? being accused of being transphobic and potentially risking my career and safety.
almost getting all my websites deleted through a bad covid-19 joke
covering an entire room in lotion accidentally.
when I tried to compliment my favorite voice actor and ended up offending him.
Opening a sex egg
slicing my eye open with a playing card
realising that I have trained my partner.
going to a job orientation.
putting my jacket on before flushing at work
drugging everyone I work with and possibly uncovering a large drug conspiracy or making some interesting advances in chemistry.
cumming BLOOD all over my wifes back
not standing
passing up on a Major League Baseball player in highschool
300 Original Research Paper Topics in 2020 by AccessEssay.com
asking for help...
lighting a Bunsen Burner
locking the door to the stall at work
running into traffic while drunk and having my mum, an ER nurse, receive me as a patient.
are any of these numbers associated with anything?
celebrating Father's Day
telling my 8 year old brother that the AI he was killing in COD had real feelings and felt pain.
UPDATE FOR "BATHROOM INCIDENT" Please read part 1 first. The most awful student story. Embarrassing , Please laugh at my misfortune.
ordering pizza and wings and falling asleep while waiting.
not checking the bottom of the cup before drinking
even though not today today, I fucked up, by telling my cousin my personal issues and what not. I fucked up even more when I returned from a trip and decided to text her because I wanted to talk to someone and I felt extremely down.
Sexting the wrong girl for a week , what could go wrong
making a historical joke in front my girlfriend's very religious family and appearing gay on Christmas
rear-ending a car near a roundabout
trying to be supportive to a suicidal OP
having a dangerous boyfriend
TUFU by singing Rick Astley's "Never gonna give you up"
as I walked into my grandpa in the shower
accidentally stealing my boyfriend’s mom’s Baby Yoda
dropping my vape into the toilet
lying about COVID
joining a telegram group
having sex with a girl
blacking out at a party
trying to find a specific meme
moving a cupboard
thinking I could handle spicy food
making out with my steb sis
buying a prank gif
I broke my wrist in a zoom call
not making the second move
asking out a girl in my Bible study group
claiming someone was faking depression the doing an AITA
letting a bad doctor intimidate me into delaying treatment for possible cancer
called out my girlfriend for scratching her ass in public
basically flashing my boobs to my Mormon ward members. NSFW
losing my passport and €400+ belongings, and stranded myself abroad
While in self-imposed exile I peed in the backyard only to find out my 18 (f) neighbor was on the other side of the fence.
Unintentionally dissed marriage for a very religious person.
dropping my food...Into the toilet.
texting my boyfriend to come help me
being a dum dum
coughing and farting
getting really drunk and smoking a cigarette all the way through filter first.
being “racist”
responding to a message from a former supervisor
mixing up the words 'phlegm' and 'smegma'
choosing a wrong career
living out my worst nightmare of missing an entire semester of class because I didn't know I was enrolled, and learning about it just in time for the final exam
jerking off while driving
thinking there was a killer clown in my house
making the front of the local newspaper for (not actually) blowing up my school
buying pads in India.
sending security after deaf customer.
getting drunk at a uni party and dyeing my pants.
doing Adderall with my gf and rationalizing bad judgement watching #NSFW videos together.
not wearing ear protection while using a carpet cleaner machine
accidentally calling everyone in my family a ho
burning the the crap out of my armpits
getting some ibuprofen from a friend
Let my GF start an Onlyfans to post lingerie photos, now watch her have sex with other men as a subscriber.
attempting to pour water from a 600ml bottle into a 550ml bottle
talking about sexy burping
indirectly feeding my dog edibles
telling people I was xenophobic, not knowing the actual definition.
thinking I was strong
walking into my dad having sex with his girlfriend
got my second 2nd degree burn on the same arm.
going in my kitchen for pudding
letting a dog out
getting stuck inside my best friend
asking a coworker for help with spanish when neither us speak spanish.
accidentally conditioning my dogs to come to the name "Assholes"
accidentally coming out to my whole class
Showed my wife a charcuterie spread, she ends up with a loose front tooth
blacking our in Vegas and making best friends with my cab driver (NSFW)
sending a picture of my cat’s butt to my project manager
paying for another man to hold my testicles
making my mother think I do self-harm
sending my crush a strongly worded message and then deleted it immediately only for her mom to see it....
not whitelisting my Minecraft server
trying something out of character
Hello everyone
Today I fucked up by taking my antidepressants.
pissing through an automatic door and passing out in the hallway of a hotel
I mixed bleach and Method bathroom cleaner
putting on lotion
Today I fucked up by not guerding a door properly
having my mom throw away my favorite bra cause I was embarrassed telling a group of strangers that I was about to sh*t my pants
asking my cousin if he wanted to see my boobs.
listening to music
not saving the girls number
not using the restroom and then drinking lots of water before going to bed
making a project on the Qin dynasty
with the duolingo gods...
spending $285 on bread
sending an unsolicited nude to my course coordinator
sending an email to my boss
leaving my bedroom door open NSFW
listening to my audiobook outside
Being Too Forceful When Entering My Friend’s House
not wanting to lose the remote.
accidentally posting my dad ranting on snapchat
eating an old opened pack of potato chips
embarrassing my wife big time
locking myself out of my Instagram account permanently shitting myself in the shower in front of my girlfriend
giving the delivery man the wrong address
not having the plunger far enough down when brewing inverted method with my Aeropress
being too nice to my friend's dog
dropping my phone in 3 feet of snow
not paying attention to a slow draining toilet
making a card vanish and thinking that I was a real magician.
using Windex on 4K 70” TV
taking an entire 17 dollar pot brownie as my first edible experience, freaking out, running out of my dorm naked looking for a doctor and almost getting expelled from my college on my last semester.
watching Izuku vs Overhaul in zoom class unmuted.
Sending My Boss Money For Sex
realising that I had desensitized myself while giving my willy death chokes on the regular
using cuticle cream as lip balm
using a british accent and calling a stranger mum
saying out loud "striptis" in my online classes
missing some pretty obvious signals
Today I fucked up by straightening the frames at my grandma's house and freaking her out.
I took a laxative on my period
breaking a dvd
listening to my dad watching porn through a bluetooth speaker
I pretended to be dead, and got way too much attention.
HEY KIDS I HAVE CANDY IN MY BACK POCKET IF YOU WANT SOME. COME GRAB IT
vomiting on my best friends head at his girlfriends birthday party
While getting a new job...
tricking my Asīan brother with a fake report card
Today I fucked up by getting instantly rejected because of my face
thinking it’d be funny to start looking at “readjust” as “read” “just” and now I can’t unsee it
I had sexy time
revealing my ex's personal information, then lying about it.
So i'm versing my brother in a subscriber war
asking for my bro's phone to take a picture
sexting my stepmom
reading someone’s post about their coworker accessing OPs reddit account at work and joining multiple subs.
TIL I learned about shoe store stores...
walking in on friends having sex
accidently leaving an old lady stranded in the wrong supermarket *UPDATE*
heavily suggesting to the U-Haul lady that I was a Serial Killer
taking titles on this sub seriously instead of the click bait they are
A fckd up ask out
missing all the signs for nine hours
calling my mom's boyfriend 'dad'
me and my brother "Greasing" and breaking my doorknob and getting us locked in my room.
How i fucked up my codancer to junior prom
telling my therapist my girlfriend is bad in bed. telling my friend I was just using his birthday to stay up
changing light bulb and breaking the old one
destroying a box of Covid tests
realizing I've been overdosing on zoloft every day for well over a month
leaving my car door open in the middle of Madison avenue, NYC.
public intox, resisting arrest, eluding, indecent exposure..... in that order
Idk what title
Today I fucked up and almost burnt down my apartment.
leaving a dead frog in the car park after an interview
almost reversing into a person
By putting my tailgate down and backing a boat down a launch ramp
trying to help my new cat
masturbating and possibly causing a testicular torsion
TIFI by throwing concentrated hydrochloric acid on my crush
my grandma have insomnia she used sleep on song that i delete intensionally
getting mad at my wife about toilet paper
underestimating reddit and posting invite link to my school's slack group
Daily Deep House mix
falling asleep with chewing gum in my mouth
crashing my parents car, and making our handyman quit the job in the middle of a renovation
yelling step sis what are you doing during my friends zoom meeting while he was unmuted.
wearing underwear
shooting my cum at my sister
sleeping in my bed
unknowingly telling my daughter that she could play with my vibrator.
probably loading guests into a ride with cigarette ash inside.
using acne medicine instead of lotion while masturbating
using shampoo as lube NSFW
The  being an idiotic driver
forgetting to throw out the cigaretes pack
trying to help one of my professors
when my coworker and I looked like two strung out people and ruined someone’s day
going to the bathroom at 4am.
approaching my girlfriend's secret alter ego account through a throwaway account asking her if she'd sell her nudes
confusing my olson's.
dropping my phone in cum
not paying attention to my phone plan
showing a first date a couple of micro-dicks
getting way too drunk and spilling boiling water on myself (pics)
not putting my phone on silent
telling my dentist about my infected colon
oversleeping on a potential date
accidentally insulting my teacher
calling the police on my boss and indirectly accusing him of stealing my cell phone.
and learned the difference between Twitter and Reddit….
talking about Backgammon
falling asleep wearing earbuds
peeing in the apartment elevator.
getting a throat ache
OnlyFans, camidpix
I love you? Or me? – Short Story Broken Heart
I told my internet customer service to hire Americans.
walking in on a stranger trying on lingerie
calling a guy with ASL a 'braindead moron' on Twitter
opening Reddit
posting to
showing my parents my hentai collection
giving stray cats chicken
never reading the subreddit description
poisoning my foreign exchange family
making my best friend's house smell like my ass for years.
sending an X rated voice note on snapchat
trying to be resourceful
Breaking an old ladies toilet
running waaay too fast in the house
answering the phone in my girl voice
getting stuck in my bedroom while home alone thanks to a broken handle
being pepper sprayed
in a god damn list of ways.
ALLOWING A RESTAURANT EMPLOYEE TO TAKE THEIR STUFF WITHOUT PAYING FIRST
The guilt from catfishing is killing me
paying a vet $667.39 to tell me my Dog had to take a shit
falling off my wakeboard.
opening a message chat to reveal porn and a coworker looking over my shoulder
forgetting to wish my wife a happy 30th birthday
I fucked up by telling someone that she'll be fired and she wasn't aware.
thoroughly cleaning my entire house then accidentally throwing my entire coffee instead of my phone that was in my other hand on my bare mattress.
zoning out and mumbling the names of several concentration camps
being hungry and in a rush.
By being honest with my girlfriend when we made up not correcting my daughters pronunciation.
Taking Excedrine with Bang
grandma with a black light...
peeing on my grandparents plants and watching them eat it.
getting lost in vegas
getting a PSL and ended up with a hole in my tire and unnecessary time spent on my car.
having my phone name being a quote from Pulp Fiction
putting Cream powder in my face while being late for school!
pasting the wrong message into the group chat
acting like an ice cream scoop was a football
my spilling my Gatorade
not muting myself during a work meeting
wearing a t-shirt to work with a "The Office" quote on it.
tfue - sex haves
having a drink in Amsterdam
downloading a chat app that I thought you would just make friends turns out it's a dating and sexting chat app and I'm not interested rn.
blasting Japanese Anime Music on a Microsoft Teams college lecture.
laughing at someone at a cemetery
letting my feelings decide what to do
going through my girls phone . Worst mistake ever.
Following gps.
making extra work for grocery store employees right before closing
assuming she was my GF already after just one hug
being an absolute Karen
Not today, but pretty damn hilarious:
not telling my family about mustard gas
not wanting to get of my room and going into a neckbeard adventure.
accidently going into someone else's car
apologizing to the interviewer on the phone because I wrote Ms. on the email
giving my brother a stress toy
sneezing twice in school assembly...
working on Martin Luther King Day
after years of pressuring I learned that my Son in law can’t have kids
on talking to a girl
not hearing my girlfriend.
standing up in a middle of a zoom call to turn off my fan.
unintentionally joking about profiting from suicide
I lied to my friends.
trading oral favors from a homeless woman in exchange for food and shelter.
i fired
running to my girlfriend
forgetting to wash my hands before a nappy change
not paying enough atention while usind weed eater
trying to smack a sign that was quite high while intoxicated...
{NSFW}My life is a disgrace and now I killed my cat at 14 years old And I don’t fell that bad for doing that.
not keeping a good enough grip.
spraying deodorant in my... Yeah... You know... Also Kinda NSFW
trying to have sex in a apartment pool bathroom
searching for hentai in front of my college class
trying to copy the chemistry teacher.
becoming a stalker while I was drunk
confusing my tv remote with a knife
*attempting* to kill a spider in the shower
My secret santa gift
accidentally throwing the tv remote at the cat whilst trying to pass it to my mum
letting my son out of my sight for two minutes
roasting my teacher on Zoom Lecture
being lazy against my orthodontists
unintentionally giving my toddler vodka
not hiding my self harm activities from my parents properly since I'm a minor and they accompany me in my visits to the psychiatrist
Making My Own Mom Cry
introducing my straight male work BFF to bare naked ladies
scaring the shit out of an innocent lady at a crosswalk
using body wash as moisturizer
ignoring my body and my grandmas advice.
Today I fucked by being heroic
NSFW  listening to a sex audio
forgetting to log off my Facebook account on a public computer.
Letting My Friend Shoplift
going to Seattle
Unblock Me
clicking like on my crush’s post from May.
BENDING OVER AT THE WRONG PLACE AND AT THE WRONG TIME
making glitter cookies
trying to have some kinky fun with my boyfriend
making a s’more over my gas stove
doing something nice for the neighborhood
using Google Maps to drive to the centre of the Vredefort Crater (the largest verified impact crater on earth)
I slapped my best friend in anger and feel like a complete shit now
revealing my Instagram feed at my new job (bank)
wanting to lose my virginity.
getting my friend fired and potentially my other friends as well
misusing the verb "Turn on" for over two years
bailing on my best friend's formal last minute
attempting to use a double negative to make someone feel better.
making a rape joke to my friend whose brother was raped
accepting what I heard as truth without looking into the matter further.
Snooping in my Parents Room
letting my gf do oral after eating jalapeños
accidentally took a really hard drug, and im not a drug user. NEVER AGAIN! LESSONS WHERE LEARNT (NSFW maybe because of drug talk)
trying to use public transportation
not realizing my car was picking up my bluetooth.
having sex with my girlfriend and ended up in pain (NSFW)
accidentally deleting my first c++ game: tic-tac-toe
having a hormonal breakdown on a zoom wedding
giving the pizza guy a tip
not chewing my scalloped potatoes
sending weird messages while I was asleep
I ruined a good time because of hxntai (short story I think)
playing GarageBand with my mom
anyone try cbd oil for their tinnitus
thinking the power outage lights in the bathroom at work were security cameras
using special ed elevators at school
asking a female friend if she wanted to have sexy time in an hourly hotel
waiting too long to complete my Alternative Teaching Certification requirements.
blasting porn through van speakers with my entire family.
acting left handed.
drawing something inappropriate and not hiding it
and traumatized my youngest child when she was home alone
accidentally taking a dick pic
biting my dentist so hard it drew blood. smoking hookah next to the pool
going into the biggest job interview of my life with dog piss all over my sleeve.
The Other Day When I Tried Fucking My Little Sister's Friend
Accidentally Killing My Dog
making my ex-boyfriend shave his balls.
I exploded my dates window.
at my new gym
masturbating with a spider on my dildo
not checking my name.
turning into a chemically engineered sex god
trying anal
Sending My Friend a Snapchat
TIReallyFU by loosing my boss' debit card in less then 1 minute
Jinxing my Mum's Death
adding a Jason DeRulo song to my kids’ playlist
jerking off weirdly as a kid
accidentally making a possibly offensive joke
trying to milk a BUll
watching "Upgrade" with the family without seeing the whole trailer first.
ordering Thai food
not hiding my toys good enough!
I fucked up by switching hotel room while sleeping
laughing loudly at an online organisation training thinking I was on mute. My director was in the meeting and I think I died for a minute when the Instructor paused to ask 'Is someone laughing at me?'
possibly ruining my chances with a very attractive girl
not correcting a woman about my age.
clogging my house's pipes with too much toilet paper again
and now I need to sack the house cleaner
staying logged in on the family computer
masturbating with my boyfriends massage gun
not giving my wife Nora enough attention while I was fucking other broads
buying a vibrating cock ring instead of a vibrator
having my ass swallow my plug while I slept almost braining a client with a drone.
making my mom wax my asshole
making my friend believe I smoke glue
taking the shot from hell
refusing to thank god at the table.
making a teenage boy uncomfortable
masturbating to an underaged girl
friend’s GF walking in in my jerking off.
eating Quorn, too much Quorn
splashing bleach in my eye after buying the cheaper bottle
absent-mindedly changing a tampon
not knowing what pegging was...
making my mom cry and potentially ruining Christmas
not picking up my dog's shit
vocally terrorizing an elderly Vietnamese man.
with a butt plug mishap
letting my sick teammate join class and help us with the project
being a godless heathen at a cathedral
accepting to work online with someone who has unverified profile
calling my brother the n-word
singing “shut the fuck up” by filthy frank when I thought I had zoom muted
going out to my local quarry... while it was on fire.
Tried to flirt but became a racist.
choosing a user name in middle school that has not stood the test of time
getting frisky with bf in the morning over video call
I don't think this is the right subreddit but
taking my phone to a trampoline park
fucking a possible renter
teaching my pastor to call me retarded in front of the entire congregation
23F) by passing wind during a recorded lecture.
throwing up on my cat
My Entire Life
accidentally cooking myself
for fake coughing in the supermarket
Am I the asshole for lauging out loud when a teacher told a harsh story to my class of todlers?
when I mixed up the toothpaste.
Not Checking My Baby’s Diaper Before Bringing Her Back To Bed With Me
torturing my phone every day of his life
forgetting to take my birth control pill
not listening to my mom
when i told a friend i will listen to him rant about his problems.
missing my first cake day
groping a guy
walking through a worsening snowstorm to a local game store in search of a 10-sided die for DnD, getting told the restock is later that evening, spending all the money I had with me on a book, then witnessing them restock moments after I paid; I am now 99% frustrated regret 1% human.
drawing like Leo, in Titanic
playing porn at school!
unintentionally insulting a band to a band member's face
and became the person I tried to avoid in the world of online dating
trying to talk dirty to my wife, but coming out with the most bizarre abstract statement possible.
Preparing rice is easy.......right?
I misspelt my email address
popping a pimple thingamajig on my gum
asking to buy a hooker.
smoking from a pipe that was kept outside...
climbing through my neighbour's window and scaring the shit out of her
Ruined a friendship
taking medication and farting
TIFY by falling down the outside stairs while I was supposed be in class and ended up being the girl with a demon
getting caught giving a kid I didn't even like a birthday gift and making a complete fool of myself
trying to cut out a broken display cable instead of undoing all the cable ties
sticking my dick in a Jelly donut and it all went downhill from there
when I wrote a complaint about a bus driver complementing my boobs when he was complementing something much more wholesome
Being a dumb Traveler.
needing eyedrops.
just to get karma
abducting a baby
opening the blinds in my bathroom revealing myself mid-poop
trying to show my mum a cool video on here and accidentally showed her a post with a title that included masturbation
quoting Stephen King
loosing my 830 dollar moped or two wheeler
NSFW/  gobbling and getting tea bagged
going into anaphylactic shock after catching a piece of cheese
giving birth to a premature baby.
trying to hook up with married women
nutting so hard I hit myself in the face
doing anal with my best friend's dad while his dog watched
eating some spicy food with my hands and then touching my penis afterwards.
streaming porn over to discord without knowing
inadvertently giving myself really bad acne for over a year
launching a bar of soap at my jewels
buying the wrong Mio.
calling my dad instead of my sister
letting my bf go down on me after having curry (NSFW)
letting my boyfriend roughly deepthroat me
buying an oculus rift S and opening it to find out I can’t use it
not checking if I had a baking pan before baking
trying to catch my runaway rabbit
peeing on a field next to a street
impatiently submitting an online job application assessment
My ass took an English Class
going on Twitch and vaping in the Apple Store
telling my Spanish teacher that my friend has an erection
smoking weed and having feelings for my partner
POSSIBLY GETTING SCAMMED9 years ago) and acquired a new (generally unacceptable) fetish (NSFW?)
really bad, but I don't know why?!?!
making a sexist remark.
for sending 500 sloth stickers to my co-trainer
flirting with a girl on the bus...
I am an idiot and now have no TV
doing triple damage to myself eating chicken.
realizing I'm(25NB) in love with my best friend (28NB)
leaving a bag of trash in my dad's company car for 4 weeks
Been depressed and feel lowly over this incident, need advice
reusing sweaty workout clothes
going to the shops
forgetting to mute my mic during my last Zoom staff meeting
kinda I did but not really
Tifi by being too damn quiet
sending my moms boss nudes
swiping too fast on Tinder
staring at two lesbians making out while I wore no pants. For several minutes.
boss heard me getting my insides rearranged
being me coming out to my Grandmother
How long does it black woman to take a shit? 9 months
breaking my normal routine and killing a dog.
telling my girlfriend’s dad I’m bisexual in response to something he said to me
and got high at Walmart...
not switching my throwaway account causing my mom to find NSFW post
making myself look like an ass to the entirety of my town.
peting my dates dog and saying to it the exact same thing I moan my date durimg sex.
pointing an unloaded BB gun with the safety engaged at my sister
I'm a dum-dum. At least my hair will grow back, eventually.
about this great opportunity
telling a kid he looked like a school shooter.
replying to a RandomActOfMuffDive post... using my sister's Reddit account
projectile vomiting in my kitchen
I forgot to paraphrase and got accused of plagiarism in class
singing out loud “Work that ass for Daddy” by Marc Rebillet
Completely Screwed up Production for Whole Factory
letting my wife stimulate my prostate
criticizing a video my mom was watching on Facebook
finding out that a large majority of Redditors apparently consider sexual relationships between cousins incestuous.
eating hot Cheetos for breakfast
creating a fake acc.....
allowing my reptiles food to give me unsolicited torture
Stealing the Wrong Dirty Santa Gift
A guide to applying for a full UK Driving Licence
dressing for a hot day
fishing for trout now I’m out $1600
thinking my girlfriend had taken her daughter to work
I Took LSD And Went To The Zoo
not closing a curtain
standing over top of a gasoline ignition
seeming racist then trying to recover by seeming transphobic licking a copper sulfate crystal
farting in a library.
calling someone a bitch on Xbox
forgetting shaving cream and getting excited with the razor
making a fake am I the asshole post out of anger
trying to buy a game early
trying to pass a semi in rainy weather
accidentally asking the bartender to sleep with me in front of my boyfriend
I snorted white powder to help me sleep and now my whole family thinks I'm a cokehead.
breaking the toilet (SFW, just dumb as fuck)
forgetting the ropes of my beef pinwheel on the table
being redpilled
making people think I'm a porn star.
being 20 and still living with my mum!
Renting A Car From AVIS/BUDGET
Forgetting to change the files name
using a "flushable wipe."
not being a lazy POS
sitting with my cat in the middle of the night
Letting a crush/coworker know what kind of porn I watch
I am a complete idiot to this girl who’s an absolute goddess knocking up my cousin.
opening a beer bottle using a lighter
posting on my all-time favorite group on Facebook
sending a ghanasaysgoodbye to a friend whose mom just died
sending a fake Discord Nitro gift from a friend, to another friend.
leaving my last will on on my pc
Wife asked me do open relationship, got dumped almost immediately
getting a panic attack as I was about to get laid by 3 chicks
letting someone put something in my hand that they found in their food
making a girl think I like feet on Tinder in the worst way possible
burning the tip of my dick using a sexy toy for the first time. Requiring me to fake orgasm over face time phone sex.
putting hand sanitizer in my mask.
letting my sister borrow my laptop
letting my mom talk me in to something naughty
pissing in a trashcan at work
not canceling a gym membership
using Google Autofill
calling a girl ugly when she was complimenting me.
sending my vet dick pics
dating someone far too young for me.
calling a three Black friends a nickname
Fried my PC's Motherboard today. A sad pc gamer story
using an old boxer to work and thinking my penis was about to explode.
not realising Twitter shows others what you’ve liked
NUTFU
calling my cousin sexy
taking Homeopathic medicine even though I didn't know what it meant
Lying to own father and stealing money from someone online last night.
TLDR advice
asking a Kroger employee how much she makes for a living.
brushing my teeth with hemorrhoid cream
being horny during isolation.
lefting my phone at the top of a burning furnace
being a creep
I watched a whole pirated stream of Hunters Episode 1, but it was really Episode 10.
giving my step dad a full frontal show
not having my messages hidden on my iPad
not realizing you're not supposed to eat the shells of peanuts and sunflower seeds.
Shaving
NIFU by misusing the phrase Netflix and Chill
lying my wife about my reading habits
letting my moms new cat outside thinking it was our dog
watching YouTube on the toilet
letting my 1 y.o. daughter pay my WiFi bill.
sneezing too hard
doing something my mom specifically told me not to do so
Yes but f and
saying "fart on a nipple" before coitus
being prepared and extra witty for sexy time
standing a little too close to the bat
writing cunt dracula instead of count dracula over and over again in a exam
losing attraction to my gf after she had an accident on me during sex
staring people in the eyes, rubbing my thumb and forefinger together and saying "fecal matter"
saying I hate the blacks
taking laxatives while having diarrhea
making my team fail the final.
I ate an employees lunch by mistake.
my brother he is adopted
Not Looking Away
wiping entire my 1TB hard drive by using dd command and didn't backup.
telling a Police Officer my parents were drunk drivers.
taking off my pants
letting my female coworkers think I have a small peepee
smoking weed for the first time
getting involved in my freinds drama
pulling a prank on my teacher
First week jitters
arguing for government handouts
forgetting my swimming costume.
leaving my laptop on whilst getting busy with my boyfriend
finding out I was allergic to chocolate
talking about penises
trying LSD and loving it, but also running it for myself in the process.
talking to a tub of sour cream
smoking my moms friend
getting stuck in a fancy restaurant’s ONLY toilet while on holiday with my cousins
making a poo on the putting green
not realizing a family had an adult special needs son
driving a small motorboat much too close to a dam
I accidentally sang to my online class today in the middle of our lesson
sending a picture of naked gnomes to a group chat out of 1AM panic-hyper ness
letting my dog in bed.
inviting my husband for sex publicly
not understanding how colours work
forgetting what kind of wax I was putting on my armpits
having a facebook employee shut down my instagram after filing an intellectual property claim against a friend
washing my hands
telling my bf's roommate off
By not telling my mom I was okay first
posting something and sparking a massive transphobic flame war in comments, leading to massive panic attacks all day long.
sneaking out to go to a party
dropping socks
wearing a flimsy bikini to the beach on a choppy day
NSFW  Having Sex My Entire Family Could Hear
driving my car into a ditch.
Today I fucked up by saying I beat off to my crush having sex with a guy I knew had a girlfriend
flushing my vape box down the toilet
watching a video of my mom and a stranger doing it.
cutting up carrots.
Forced Myself To Like Zelda To Impress Attack On Titan Fan...
making my husband's job think he has some prehistoric kinks
Are you travelling during COVID-19?
doing the splits on an escalator in front of so many people
permanently burning a cheap eastern european soap opera into my phone display
super gluing my finger to a dumbbell
making my mom taste my girlfriend’s nether regions (NSFW)
'calming myself down' before a first date
watching Porn on my job's Network
joking about someone's drawing on r/nextfuckinglevel
Could someone give me an “original” yearbook quote? I’d prefer funny ones
getting too much sauce
shitting myself in class with just a sneeze
when I flushed my one of my Mom's favorite pair of earrings down the toilet
Not even sick
I Messed Up Real Fuckin Badly.
almost accidentally cutting my dick off.
not noticing my colleague had changed into Yoga pants.
microwaving a biscuit so badly that it no longer absorbs liquids
having a cold
when I wanted to mess with my friend but visiting her beach house
texting the guy I am seeing something "cute" and being dumped, presumably because of my insensitivity.
sewing my pointe shoes outside
not checking the recipient of my text on Zoom
eating fruit in my room during the day, and later turning off the lights when I went to sleep.
not reading warning labels
wearing "Sh*t Happens" on a T-Shirt as the organist at a funeral.
not using the bathroom.
showing my friend my shotgun
*not* eating all my honey garlic wings
making my parents fight
By inviting my husband for sex in front of family
asking my tinder date if her fathers ashes were a coke necklace in front of her daughter.
betting all my scholarship money and wages on a definite win
getting so tired I forgot how to spell the word "OF"
thinking I could buy something online with a prepaid card without it all going down hill
forgetting about the trash at Bf’s parent’s house
adopting a used puppy
Today I fucked up offering feminine wash to a customer
getting a boner in front of 1700 people
I was scammed out of 500 dollars
I broke my pc
commenting on my followed person tweet.
leaving a juul out in the open
feeding my (not so close) friend nasty ass food.
Family complex
unknowingly emergency dialing my brother on accident while fooling around with my FWB
commenting on someone I was with's perfume
taking a pic of my stepsister in the shower
accidently walking into a bathroom with a grandma inside who didnt lock the door in a doctors office. (NSFW)
being under the impression that I was gonna get paid.
a mutual friend of ours texted me about my ex and her mom arguing because I wanted to know how she was doing
forgetting my keys on a run.
helllllooooo? any mods alive?
interrupting a funeral
applying a deep heat muscle spray on my thigh
browsing this sub in new
leaving my flat empty for a week and trapping a guest
convincing my parents to get something for me without realizing I can’t use it
having a folder on my desktop filled with sexy SpongeBob pictures
having to show my Doctor my ass because I had Chicken Pox
Looking for my and my wife’s sexy texts
deleting the Facebook message reply after my sassy message
icing the wrong part of my knee for hours
eating half a dragon fly.
getting high, accepting a free sample of sketchy cologne and then freaking out
almost seriously injuring my cat.
turning in an awful project
turning making a college rivalry sound like racism
myself by feeling that I’m being magnetically controlled by someone else
thinking my laxatives weren't strong enough part 2: I accidentally became suicidal.
greeting my brother's fiancée with my morning snake
being super fucking oblivious when a girl was flirting with me
jumping off a cliff and wounding my penis
Texting my boss to “Please buy the bread and weed”
maybe by possibly signing myself into a recruiting company?
trying to go pee
leaving my house without pants on
stealing from blind children...
having a full-on dissociative episode during a hookup
teaching my cat to boop me.
talking bad about my classmate who was nexto me the whole time
almost getting my father arrested.
improperly captioning an image post
trying to play dodgeball
accidentally taking a gulp of my own pee.
bringing up the fact my father died recently during sex.
In which I lose a battle of wits with a bloody toilet!
almost cutting off my middle toe with an ax.
shitting in a urinal while on holidays
deleting two pieces of artwork while working on them
accidentally texting my ex telling her I love her.
doing anal and now I’m homeless
telling my terminally ill classmate to die like an animal.
pissing all over my partner then proceeding to beat my dick
getting stabbed for not giving a homeless man 20 dollars.
snooping on my boyfriends Apple Watch
using my restroom before I was fully moved in
working 21 hours and scaring the shit out of everyone I know.
accidentally getting my parents high
I told my teacher I beat my meat in 5th grade
throwing water on a grease fire.
Asking My Boyfriend Where His Girlfriend Was
in Demon’s Souls
eating hotdogs
What do you think of her?
trying to teach my dog "Watch what you wish for, you just might get it."
falling for razers marketing and ending up with a broken PC
MY NEIGHBOUR KILLED MY PUPS SO I KIDNAPPED THEIR CAT .
having my boyfriend’s baby mama and his son walk in on us having sex. Ruining his son’s Spider-Man themed birthday party.
insulting my 3 Turk hosts all at the same time
YIFU By taking SSRI’s INSTEAD of Benadryl
giving one of my twins laxtives.
plugging in my toaster
forgetting I was using duct tape instead of paper tape
making my friend's crush think he was gay.
jerking off with my own shit
trying to fuck my own ass.
getting punched in the face during a date
not showering with my best friend
buying weed outside my house and getting caught
being the weirdest mofo ever.
accidentally getting high before eating dinner with my parents
thinking my good odds would never run out.
not saying no one out pizzas the hut
mentioning a calendar date.
trying to give my boyfriend a surprise blowski having sex with my twin sister.
melting a rare card
getting drunk and letting the guy use two condoms.
and used too much toilet paper
wife broke my nose and I deserved it!
spilling coffee everywhere during a live streamed lecture
chopping jalapeños and then touching my boyfriend. NSFW
*sigh* masturbating with icyhot cream...
forgetting to unlink my Kindle from my Goodreads account
getting my menstrual cup stuck inside me on a backpacking trip with my boyfriend of 2 months
losing a 5 hour minecraft build at sea
having sex with my ex that I want back
accidentally buying Reddit coins and now i dont know how to survive quarantine.
I asked a question that could cost me a friendship.
cool lady
lying to my own father and stealing money from someone online.
answering a question wrong to a friend who doesn't browse reddit...
making two guys undress in public after wrongfully accusing them of stealing my wallet
writing a fake article about my friends death.
not turning in finals
trying to eat some eggy goodness and getting a fire show instead
complimenting on my GF's friend's nudes
giving to my uncle's son a new Apple sticker
making soup
coming on this sub which is now a sub of strange erotic fantasies nobody needs to know
when my horse trailer fell of the hitch on the highway
not knowing what a restroom is
Ended up in ER by overdosing on marijuana and my parents finding out
Falling For A Webcam Scam
trying to dine and dash
Caught in the office bathroom with a dildo up my arse
freezing my balls
getting a poison ivy rash in a very bad place...
missing the toilet bowl with my diarrhea on Christmas.
playing with a laser
accidentally microwaving my 5 week old kitten for around 7 seconds
letting my friend convince me to put a marble up my ass
not wearing my safety boots
talking to my gym crush
TIFI by calling a customer autistic and proceeding to have a panic attack in front of them.
I farted next to a classmate's face two weeks before graduation
not knowing my address.
By drinking an entire bottle of wine.
taking a road trip to Florida and going to my first strip club. NSFW
getting taken to the hospital by the police for using penis numbing cream for a toothache
pocket dialing my boss and talking shit
sitting with bare legs on a chair that I didn’t realize had poison ivy oil from the jeans I wore earlier. I should have changed clothes immediately after returning home.
having a brain fart in the middle of class
asking my gf for nudes.
forgetting to cancel membership
giving my Grandma pepper spray.
drinking my buddies puke
sexually harassing somebody on the subway and then concealing the truth about it.
succumbing to my curiosity and inadvertently finding out what my moms anus looks like
misunderstanding my Boss' question about my holiday availability during my interview
eating cookies and nearly killing a lot of animals in a public aquarium
accidentally gave my goddaughter ashtray water
Well boys, pray for me
drunk texting my niece
deleting my reddit account without following my subs on the new account :(
accidentally calling a girl on Snapchat clingy.
making my neighbor think I’m an abusive husband
accidentally putting a laundry pod inside my mouth
shoving a toenail down my ear
scalding myself in the day of my wedding
giving a guy head at my senior prom.
breaking my nut while putting it in
willingly touching a stranger’s shit and exhibiting it to my family and friends.
Creeping out a girl at a wake
shitting my pants
not turning off my “funny/smart alek” mode while using a dating app
nutting all over my GF with Restless Leg Syndrome
Told a blind person it was hard to see
on the beach
downloading the new Reddit update
saying a word that sounds bad (but isn’t) in front of the teacher.
fondling a dead old lady's boob at her funeral.
TIFI hydraulic jacked off
suspending a 45 lb weight from my dick with a metal carabiner
touching a cat
Drinking Bubble Tea
going too far with a paintbrush and ending up in the ER
trying to grab my boyfriend’s ass in the dark
giving food to a homeless person
pranking my friends and lying I did something illegal , getting swatted a few days later
getting my nipple piercedToday I fucked up by getting my nipple pierced
falling asleep at work. Now I'm worried about the consequences
leaving my window open
peeing on a hiking trail
overdressing to a job interview at a sports store in which they wanted you to show up with your favourite sports team
The Legend of the Gay Theater Dad
accidentally giving myself a stutter
losing a simple game
easily passing DMV test but crashing later the same day
realizing I taught my son the wrong word for ribs.
moving my couch
Got "robbed" in the Hamptons of a precious commodity
shitting in the Bidet
leaving my NUVA ring in the shower
telling the TSA guy I had a weapon in my pants
Not really I never Mess up. I am perfect.
accidentally writing a suicide note
shaving my ballsack for a “girl”
sleepwalking for the first time at a stranger's place of residence.
I’m trying to take a pop rn and my right ball gets sore when I push to pop help lmao
posting a gag article, getting it to the front page, and crushing people's hopes
preheating the oven.
pulling over to see if someone needed help
sending my email address to a stranger on Reddit.
mistakingly playing into the coronavirus stereotype
asking a nun about her grand kids
posting a video of me and my mama dancing bachata
having loud sex in my parents house, breaking a $340 hair straightener and having it discussed at dinner
breakfast
I Never knew :(
getting stoned on a school night
with the girl I liking
making my husband a blanket
walking in on my brother while he was having a class.
spitting up blood on my little sister
I sexed and did good sex and MIL saw post sex naked me then we sex
almost losing my best friend
knocking cans of sparkling water off the shelf and having them explode all over the brand new 18 pack of toilet paper we just bought.
learning the secrets of the goverment
Suicide Prevention Megathread
spilling pepper spray on someone.
Trolling Online
BEING THE ONLY BROWN PERSON AROUND
i lost my job because of corona virus, now i need subscribers to my channel to start monetize.
Past
reading and speaking at the same time
not putting my keys in my purse
trying to destink myself.
posting my junk on a porn sub
giving my girlfriend an open-neck with flour.
reporting the wrong person for an amber alert
having another girl in my bed when my GF walked in.
screaming so loud my cat defecated.
using rubbing alcohol for skincare.
slapping my girlfriend on the rump in front of my 4 y.o.
trusting seafood on a date 2 hours from home.
misunderstanding a text leading me to see a movie that my dad said that he wanted to see, without him, twice
talking to my little bro about awful shit from our childhood.
impregnating my sister
thinking I had a period making me question my gender
ordering 100 apples
attempting to come out to my school through the newspaper.
trying to pee in public
not locking the door at work
running into my crush at a friends Halloween party
Ahhh... a story aged by 10 years (nearly to the day) but a chilli tale of woe with no doubt.
trying to make my own mask.
locking up both password manager and 2FA generator app.
I messed up
thinking Edward Snowden was a US President.
snooping through my exes Instagram DM’s and then confronting her
accidentally showing my dad Back to the Future cartoon pornography
opening my Skype meeting with a view of my crotch
using deodorant on my dick
locking my bathroom door
wearing my collar infront of my colleagues
not knowing my boyfriend was friends with my friends already.
drinking a soda and scaring the hell out of my cousin
not knowing my cousin’s surname
chemically melting my glasses
not reading.
GETTING MARRIED IN VEGAS
eating something I am allergic to after not having allergy shots for two months
Had to hike from northern Cali to Seattle Washington (hometown in Massachusetts)
exposing my fetish to colleagues.
missing a stupidly obvious hint.
eating the last egg roll.
accidentally racially assaulting someone while out shopping
casualy showing my mom porn
punching my fiancée in the head
whacking my (29f) boyfriend (30m) in the face with my phone.
making roasted garlic for dinner lending a student my phone and him seeing my notifications.
trying to make Carolina reaper hot sauce.
making such a disgusting smell from my butt it evacuated a courtroom.
By trying to describe what my (female) colleagues were like in bed
almost breaking my new Macbook Pro by writing some dumb code
in my relationship
throwing my underwear on the toilet.
trusting my GF with my life, while she tried to destroy mine.
taking off my shirt
having a stress inducted breakdown that led to a broken hard drive
engaging in a romantic relationship with a friend
thinking i was sneaky in my art class
having best and worst day of my life
smoking my moms dead friend
T(MG)FU by making her reddit name her full name
giving my partner a Dutch Oven... during sex.
Sexting my GF at Work
thinking r/nosleep was a subreddit for insomniacs
blue-screening my older brother's laptop with VRChat
shitting in front of my entire baseball team
not being honest to my friend about not wanting to go out with her
letting my GF use my pc and she found my porn folder. 2 terrabytes of it
staying up until 3am writing
typing my own number wrong
going to my local game store
I sent a video...
giving my gf a golden shower *NSFW*
not using my cruchs toilet.
telling my doctor about my drug issues and ruining my life.
entering an anechoic chamber and staying inside for 10 minutes.
being underage and getting wasted
calling a 9 year old girl “artistic”
translating diarrhea for my Armenian immigrant co-worker
accidentally showing my mother hentai.
naming my team at work Team WAP
I asked a nurse if she was pregnant
telling my husband his mouth smells like shit.
Screwing up dinner so badly it could be eaten
I  on the phone while we masturbated and I said “I wanna lick my cock” when I meant to say “I wanna lick your cock” and completely ruined the moment and we had to stop
revealing to my friends that I’m a pathological liar.
I asked my dad if my grandma was a whore
jerking off with icy-hot and castile oil
sexting went completely wrong, came on phone and two people saw me
sliding and dropping the boiled kettle on my foot
telling my friend about genetics.
putting too much hot sauce in my mac &amp; cheese
Today I fucked up by smoking weed.
Accidentally Dissing my Entire French Class in Front of Them Via a Zoom Call Fuck-Up
having my wife find my old phone.
quitting my job
thinking I went into the women’s room instead of the men’s room
telling my older sister she was never going to be fingered.
When I Wore Decided To Light A Joint While Wearing Rubber Gloves
sending my former manager a link to a Gone Wild post during my sleep
Not knowing my own nsfw pictures gets shared with the family iPad
assaulting my mom
Mh
jerking off my grandfather instead of my boyfriend.
insinuating that my gf wear a bra while on webcam
going to walk our dogs in a dark park
not listening to my math lesson
asking my sister for a kiss in front of her boyfriend without spesisfiying the chocolate
filling in a form...
convincing my friend to fuck me
drawing in my sketchbook
paying for Amazon prime without knowing I had it
thinking 2021 was going to be better than 2020. How wrong I was
Bigly by multiple bad judgment but primarily not accepting the offer of a stranger
letting out a HUUUUGE FART at a very important congress
trying to be a trap queen
Called my professor a goof by accident
not wearing a condom for the first time
talking crap about the manager and she heard me!
going back home with the drunkest girl at the wedding.
Went to a strip club while having a girlfriend
accidentally sending an NSFW to an older female colleague
printing out a blurry master thesis and not wearing glasses while looking at the final version
being a bad lier.
not keeping my hand off the button.
asking of someone's teeth were okay.
sending gay porn to a professional contact
not waiting for the water to be clean
I missed my drug screening appointment for my new job
letting a lady covered in blood in my house at 9pm
Almost every recent post starts with but is not from today.
I accidentally had my mic unmuted while having sex
not locking the door before jerking off
getting fired for taking a break on shift.
I drank hydrogen peroxide
giving online dating another shot and almost helping an engaged man cheat
drinking bleach
going on a rant against my father (who is separated from my mother) after he shouted at me for acting childish and throwing something across the room.
misspelling a very suggestive word to my friend
taking a phone call while having sex.
when I thought someone else's dog was my dog
blaming my sister for breaking an expensive vase
Am I weird
dropping a hard shell suitcase onto a Japanese man
using a phone that was not compatible with my cellular provider for almost 4 years.
loaning 150 dollars to a man in 'distress'.
browsing and getting inspired before a bikini wax
having a dream job interview and I blew it.
I screwed things up with a girl I really liked by getting a new number
telling my classmate my username on reddit
telling people to call me back spoon
not only revealing I read fanfiction but extremely smutty ones to my family
sanitizing my lungs.
sending a porn-link to my wife.
forgetting how masks work.
submitting an assignment and exposing my teacher’s wife’s affair
in a silly embarrassing way
sleeping with my phone
being so lonely I befriended a bee
and oh most hit my mom
castrating my husband
Let rip on my husband after butt sex
poking fun at the town where my fiance resides.
2x SBD = empty shop
trying to bust a nut with my cousins in the house/ by leaving the door open.
falling and thinking I sprained my ankle
trying to make myself throw up and damaging my throat
thinking emojipasta was funny
wearing my new engagement ring at work and losing it.
not knowing the full effects of coffee while trying to impress my crush in front of a psychologist.
trying to scare my boyfriend.
By confusing my bf balls with someone else’s
waking up my (now livid) mom
being a PC repair guy.
shooting my dad in the nuts with my LEGO gun.
: Going to my cousins house
getting my pussy sucked up by a vacuum cleaner
sharing a directory of suicide letters in a work email
not reading the Terms of Service... like ever.
sexie sex stepmom sex incest step sister secks inces t sexs (wholesome 100 reddit chungus keanu elon threesome) AMA!
telling a very attractive employee that he has a small package
losing all my friends.
getting high (again)
kicking a hedgehog
typing “69” for all my answers on a test I just took
uploading a very private baby photo of me
telling my parents I smoke weed
telling my ex-girlfriend I missed her...
guyitfyuudtrfytiyvgigyvi
texting an ex while high on magic mushrooms
ruining an old man's happiness
By having anxiety and forgetting how to understand English.
driving into the side of my garage
exposing myself to the cable guy
swapping orders which nearly got me fired
LPT:  exposing my breasts to a VS employee
downloading the ring by neighbors app
smoking a cig after quitting for 4 months
showing my GF Fargo
being to supportive to a friend
not reading
Broke a faucet head in my yard to avoid using a weedwacker
also forgetting my shift and going to work on LSD
cracking a “that’s what she said” joke.
Getting McDonalds While Experiencing Morning Sickness
update) by giving a homeless man a home and making him homeless again
finishing my mom's cooking every night
The Worst (or best depending on how u look at it I guess...) hit I got from a bong happened today...😔
winking in agreement
showing my girlfriend my multi colored dick
Woman of Reddit, how do you tell a guy when he isn't meeting your 'requirements' in bed?
drinking dead reptile juice.
giving a homeless man money.
training my 1.5 year old son to only fall asleep when Khemmis' cover of Rainbow in the Dark is playing.
sending my Mom a screenshot of an incest joke instead of a wholesome meme
throwing beer at a homeless person
not paying for special delivery
simply trying to get rid of my house mouse problem.
expelling yellow liquid from my ding dong and ruining my mother's friendship of 13 years.
Making a Jewish joke I knew I shouldn't have
somehow losing my best friends DS
putting tic tacs into pepsi
not knowing how to play games (apparently)
being a terrible wingman for my dad
missing the concert I spent all day getting ready for
raging at someone at a gas station thinking they couldn't hear me.
destroying a Truck at my first day of work
trying to avoid brushing my teeth before bed.
seeing my ex gf at a sex store
dropping acid and allowing my face to swell astronomically
plucking my cooch hairs
accidentally seeing my parents’ sex tape
I Flirting with neighbor went too far.
I pissed my pants in my sleep at a mansion in Beverly Hills
broadcasting my violent diarrhea to my entire US History class
and dropped an alarm on my balls
forgetting my sister was home when I was watching NSFW content
leaving a bowl in my Girlfriend's Grandma's garden bed
"finishing" standing up for the first time
coming out as gay to my bigot teacher in front of the whole class, which resulted in another teacher repeatedly hitting on me
possibly flooding my friend's vacation home
screaming at a fly.
meeting my neighbors while blackout drunk
shoving a nerf dart in my anus
I messed up. (Not really my fault.)
using adblock
accidentally bringing a bottle of pee through TSA
forgetting to put my dogs in the basement
leaving a voicemail telling the recipient my pussy is getting wet
telling the girl that I love that I told someone to beat their child
playing Yakuza Kiwami in front of my family
giving my friend an allergic reaction
accidentally telling my parents I'm depressed.
drinking a cup of pickle juice
mistaking a nurse's orders and thinking she wanted me provide a sample of semen.
forgetting to bring my mask to the grocery store
for holding on a booty at the bus saving my head
flirting a lil bit and now I’m in awkward situation
declining to sign a pledge for a good cause
going in school blasted
telling my 6 year old niece Santa Claus doesn't exist
trying to watch hockey
letting someone cut my hair
getting splashed with garbage juice, then leaving the hose running all night.
cold burning my balls during a late night session with my Lil'Buddy down stairs.
Skipped S2 of AoT and watched S3 and 4
loving my husband so much I almost drowned him
crashing my bike and trying to fix it by myself submitting the file as my resume
squealing about Avatar while unmuted in a college class
forgetting that November is the 11th month of the year
sexting my mom's fiance the night before thanksgiving NSFW
destroying my asshole and my bed
not following my medication directions
being rude by accident
Fender Bender FML
getting blackmailed.
Masturbating While My Cousins Where Home
making many poor decisions with Super Glue
getting a $70 parking ticket getting drunk
Waterpiking after eating edibles.
Using a porta loo in the summer during covid at the beach
exploding a milk cartridge
game streaming gone wrong
By dressing up as Steve Erkle for show and tell
complimenting a woman’s shoes.
having threats sent to me by an ex con
while reading the post about 24 year redditor's foreskin fuck up
never corrected an academic advisor when she called me the wrong name and it’s two years later and she still calls me the wrong name
thinking kittens were sensible creatures.
clicking on Tik Tok
sleeping with my jimmy out
not looking before drinking
My dad masturbating in the room next to me NSFW
finding out my (sober) vision is like a low dose mushroom trip 24/7
giving a reddit gold award to a bot
getting a computer virus due to watching porn
showing my gfs parents her nudes
eating an entire box of TGI Friday's jalapeño poppers
suction-cupping a dildo to my forehead for laughs
getting too drunk at a Halloween party, almost getting kidnapped and losing my phone.
Workjerk on company WiFi.
flirting with cousin's girlfriend
walking a girl home and ending up in a police car.
posted nudes on reddit and my brother saw
I was let go of being too nice
when my hardbass alarm went off in the middle of my math test
catching something before it hit the floor
just looking to the left
letting my daughter think that it's ok for her to ask to see boobs
accidentally pushing a change I made to a clients website on the server
messing up the word intestines
flashing my son while helping his dad having sex with my husband
burning my tip
I watched videos for the raid ads
I crossed the married threshold today
swallowing my PERMANENT RETAINER
losing my job by responding to a prank chat at work
accidentally sending hearts and "I love you" to a girl I followed on Instagram
LPT:  denying the vaccine for an eligible senior
spraying frebreeze in my room
giving myself an unfortunate Nick name.
putting germx in my girlfriends butthole
eating a high protein burger and puking in my shower
going to a play my friends.
using my friend’s phone for a “you up?” text
snotting on my wife
The time I thought I killed my boyfriend
ventilating my kitchen
giving my secretary a raise
swimming, causing 9 month marital separation &amp; brain damage (possibly)
essentially Macing myself
I cheated on my chick after she robbed me
finishing while making eye contact with my gf's sister
forgetting my passport in the plane
trying to remove a temp tattoo
moving a balloon and chair.
talking in the wrong chat
making weed brownies
3 words Fucked My Pillow
comparing sexy time to a caterpillar's metamorphosis
Embarrassing Myself Infront of my Girlfriends Whole Family on Christmas
going to the wrong church class on Prisoner Visit Day
a wall should work like symmetras old barrier from overwatch
standing up too fast.
replacing a lightbulb
misunderstanding my doctor
running after my dog through my whole town
farting on my cat
By holding onto a boat tube.
peeing in my dad's face
watching porn not knowing my phone was connected to my sisters Bluetooth headphone
picking up a phone at Walmart that had drugs in the phone case
Thinking That the "I Want to Eat Your P***Y" Sign Was Cool
submitting a post on /r/nosleep with less than 500 words in it.
doing too much laundry
eating bread
being horny and texting my friends and family at the same time.
taking shrooms
smiling at a Serbian border guard
talking to the Taco John’s owner.
trying to be Dr. Pimple Popper
blowing my nose wrong my entire life.
not checking the refresh rate of my monitor.
not sharing my hot hamburg sandwich with a hungry hobo.
forgetting I was driving an automatic. With fruit punch!
looking under my desk
blowing my neigbors tank (as in water) wheel.
letting my son use my personal laptop
straining myself after trying to poop too hard.
sending a meme to my entire school
(almost) shutting down a McDonald’s completely
accidentally asking my buddy with Down syndrome if I could do inappropriate shit to her.
reporting my friend
telling the mother of a child with downs syndrome to cheer up
getting too high off my own stash, lose girl of my dreams
costing my boyfriend a job
re-traumatizing my dog after just surviving difficult 4th of July
wearing sweatpants to a baseball game in 80° F weather
getting suspended by telling a kid to Google something.
letting my son name a cat
inviting new neighbor's daughter to my kid's birthday party
riding a push bike
passing out at a strangers table at a restaurant
ignoring a minor discomfort for months.
Getting Suspended for Passing a Note (Among other things)
re-mixing the music I was listening to
not stopping when my body told me to
snapping my house key
sitting too close to the fire to escape hell.
completely exploding about a mistake some person in my company made
not getting the joke
Hash.. Not even once.
leaving ice tea on the railing and drinking it later
WHEN WILL MY PROFILE DELETION BE ACCEPTED?!?!?
Tiktok Draft Paranoia
realizing the reason I kept trading in my iPhones was pocket lint
wasting all my good years.
accidentally showing my porn to a friend in 7th grade
getting sent to treatment
allowing my son to drink from a normal cup......
setting my phone alerts so a flash goes off instead of an alarm
looking through my grandmother’s pantry
coming home from university unexpectedly and making my terrified sister think we were getting robbed
DOWNLOADING MINECRAFT AT SCHOOL
accidentally discovering one of the hugest hornet's nest that local park rangers had ever seen.
getting gum stuck to tampon string
leaving blue hair dye in the bathroom
Accidentally Following My Boyfriends Ex on Strava
Doing My Nails
ordering a judgmental cooking appliance.
quoting Donnie Brasco at Walmart
Swimming
taking crickets in to a food serving bar
Today I fucked up and crop dusted a cave.... Accidentally activating a Karen
accidentally doing the sexxy sexx whie my girlfiend and stepmom sexxy sex in the shower sexily while sexing my girlfriend. Sex.
Finding a Former Interns Porn Site
looking at myself through a glass reflection...
buying my manager's guienea pigs at 1am on a thursday
Pushing him away
signing up for the wrong class
insulting a woman at her brothers rememberence evening
putting the groceries away
letting the dog lick my ass
coming to this shitty sub
going to the toilet at the gym
consuming 150 mint mentos....
accidentally telling my religious parents that I've watched all of GOT..... and I'm 16.
Getting Blackout Drunk &amp; Defecating in My Mates Cupboard
Today, I fucked up by breaking my computer.
Turns out the people I was missing hate me
spitting water on a classmate on first day of class, earning the nickname Squirtle (like the Pokémon)
le sexy sex in the sex im a gril btw xd
TIFY by making at least 20 people think I’m gonna kill myself
telling a boomer he was a complete asshat and idiot
sending the right message to the wrong group chat
playing the wrong Vamos A La Playa on Spotify as my first song of the decade
not buying a lottery ticket....
sending a misogynistic sticker in the wrong group chat
told my only friends, one of whom is my ex, I was aromantic, I am now dating somebody. Ex wants to fuck me
being called the wrong name while being proposed to
trying to eat my mom's candy.
farting and shitting at the same time.
video sexting and forgetting I was in a zoom call
asking some little kids what Santa is gonna bring them for Christmas
cumming BLOOD on my wife’s back
Today I F’ed Up by accidentally throwing my mother’s medication away.
I hate WFH (Working from home)
masturbating after getting a shot
leaving a brand new bag of sativa in my laundry and it got a thorough wash :(
exploring my sexuality and indulging in a MFM threesome with two guys I met on Bumble.
eating a tortilla chip
cutting my hand with scissors
sending my friend's stepmom a pornographic GIF
complimenting my girlfriend while she was on a bad period.
eating my first ever big mac
on a skateboard
making fun of my best friend for supposedly having a crush on a new girl in school
looking through the door instead of knocking at the door of the bathroom wherw there were two women having sex
Ruined Minecraft for me and my friends
typing “69” on all of my answers on an important test
Videocalling another guy
Yanked My Tank In Front Of My Cousin
getting caught jerking off in the living room
because I got detention by telling the teacher I like drugs
watching an ad in the bathroom at my University
telling the wrong nun joke...
with my giantess GF
buying my dog a new toy, and being relaxed on crate training
eating Spam.
Today I fucked up by giving hotel rooms away for huge discounts.
I’m an absolute moron. Used Ajax and Clorox in the same room.
wanking in the middle of the day
letting the person I love destroy my feeling...
Vacuum's and Icy Hot are NOT for Masturbating
moving in with roommate
I used Reply All to an announcement
ACCIDENTALLY flushing my Juul down my parents’ toilet
Gave my son a word for his 2nd grade class
vaping weed on camera during an online meeting
running around looking like Hitler in my german workplace
finding out I have an oat allergy on my anniversary
la cena esta lista
taking 2 Xanax before school
buttdialing 911
showing my porn history on a meeting
Zzquil and wine
dropping my phone in a pool... again.
not running my bike lock through my tires
leaving two dildos in the sink, not wearing pants, and panicking
not reading labels
thinking that men had vaginas
putting my hand in a fan and slicing my knuckle open
Adding a Password to my IPad
asking a women with one leg to move her feet over.
doing my assignment for class
dropping pants while in my friends wedding.
losing all of my Steam credit trying to get Valorant Points for my brother.
liking a post from 6 years ago
having a google meets in the wrong part of the house
Almost lost my uncle's wedding ring. AT HIS WEDDING
Bad group members made a racist slideshow and now I’m a racist apparently
being a pure, innocent boy who didn't know what a BJ was.
being too horny during lockdown
buying balloons for my daughter's birthday party at a dollar store
purchasing gifts below the dollar minimum for Secret Santa
I puoped myself at school
telling my friend id date them when they were with someone else
asserting my very wrongheaded basic math in front of a very smart colleague
sending a creepy message to a wrestler I’m a big fan of.
completely fucking myself up.
carrying groceries in barefoot, holding a pack of soda wrong, and maybe breaking my foot.
ruining my friends.
denying an innocent man a handshake.
telling my vet I euthanized my dog
injuring myself on outdoor ice because of nostalgia
telling my sister that chromebooks aren't good computers.
asking a girl in the gym to turn around
sniffing my sister's ass
soaking my testicles in Tabasco Sauce and being bed-ridden from unbearable pain on my balls for hours
any hopes of dating this girl.
teaching my child the word, cunt.
IN ONLINE CLASS
Just got charged for the assault of a minor...sigh
my messing up a presentation
getting coffee from McDonalds
TFIU By Asking if a new neighbour needed a hand
Waking up with a cold
allowing google to upload my sexy pic to the family album
Today I fucked up by eating fucking cheese
Showing my cousin my dick
hurting someone I love.
my bastard kimchi
eating a mango
trying to call my girlfriend beautiful
having to reach into the toilet
breaking our family router
not listening the my wife that the fire pit was turned too high and then burned my daughters hair.
wanting to play Pokémon
being selected in the Yeezy drop to only realize my primary address on the adidas app is my ex GFs house with whom I haven’t spoken with in over months.
If I get Covid!
trying to be girly without supervision
listening to some Zesty beats at a not so Zesty Time.
ruining my brother's birthday
making all upper management at my first proper graduate job thinking I am an absolute caveman.
realizing too late that my period wasn't over.
losing my expensive earbuds to the toilet
when I dumped my girlfriend because of my own petty insecurities about her sexual past
never securing any of my accounts
How my mom caught me watching porn for a very stupid reason.
Oh god.
thinking an earthquake was just my Dad
going to a party a week early
telling my supervisor that I think she sucks and doesn't know anything
not paying enough attention to my cat
calling my boss "Chocolate Santa"
saying "What the fuck are you doing over there?" to my dad
suggestion: What of this sub was simply called IFU?
nearly burning down my apartment
not looking straight while I ran.
making a girl think guys have a completely different urinary system
spending $500 on a refurbished Herman Miller Aeron chair
not grabbing my drink
not knowing i had broken my toe
Today I fricked up by using essential oils for my cough
playing with pepper spray
thoughtlessly using an idiomatic phrase when addressing a 4 Star General
giving a girl twenty on venmo
urinating on my cat.
sending hentai to a group chat.
making fake Skype accounts about other people
accidentally using a racial slur to describe a cute animal
blacking out for the first time on Senior Trip
not editing some parts of a resignation letter template that I used for the company I’m leaving
accidentally telling my 4 yr old a dirty joke not cleaning the kitty litter enough and so she pissed on my laptop out of spite
committing self-genital mutilation
asking why my dad had insulin in his refrigerator.
TOUCHING A ROCK
acting out my Lion King fantasy
giving myself brain damage, I can't retrieve or retain information
destroying my family's pumpkin pie and possibly scarring my sister for life.
Sometime Speeking your heart is a BAD IDEA
inability to shut the fuck up
having allergies in high school
ending up the subject of a $5,600 painting
trying to disinfect my phone by submerging it in water
as I told a girl I work with that I had a crush on her.
trying to drive on drugs
asking my brother if he masturbates in the shower
forgetting my mask in my car.
making a joke a little too soon (maybe idk)
trying to help a coke addict steroid user.
telling my gf I cheated on her 5 years ago.
charging 100$ to my moms credit card
discovering my hair dryer is on the same circuit as my AC, in mid-eyeglass-repair
Trying To Impress A Girl
being followed home in my car
translating word to word from one language to another.
making the fleshlight too tight
making my neighbor think I thought he was gonna rob me doing the Batman to my girlfriend
I tried farting and accidentally sh*t my pants.
twice...FML
send the "this is fine" meme to a coworker whose house was literally in danger of burning down
hitting on my cousin.
drinking a full, large bottle of coconut fat thinking it was coconut water. And then spent most of the day in the bathroom.
going viral and accidentally coming out to my (25F) ex-religious-cult-member brother (28M) as bi-sexual as well as a sex-worker
My friend is a bitch like normal and said Nija to my black friend
mooning the entire senior class
riding a tiny motorcycle and trying to show off.
choosing an old pair of panties and then taking them off because they wouldn't stay up
making out with the girl I really like
locking my sister's (almost) brand new phone
giving a Nice Guy a free iced tea
commenting on someones smell out loud and then vomiting in front of them.
when treating a double amputee
Accidentally Coming On To A Customer
checking out a womans ass
telling my "mistress" I loved her.
allowing help
helping a kid find his home.
jerking off on Ecstasy and injuring my Peepee (NSFW)
having sex during my period. NSFW
telling a girl that she has the wrong number to nearly exchanging nudes in one day.
deleting a video that I had spent days working on
not noticing where I clicked
Hello Reddit.... I need truth was it a big f up?
making Google think I'm racist
making my friend think I'm gay and want to date him
not telling my mum I got promoted.
THIS IS MAD.
buying a $600 phone that I cant use
asking a woman where she lost her kid
TIFY by stuck vagina
moving to California during a worldwide pandemic.
breaking my leg and then trying to stand up on it.
drinking too much, which resulted in saying too much, which led to me being unmatched on bumble by one of the most beautiful girls ive ever talked too
ruining the ending of The Notebook
accidentally coming out to my boyfriends family
finding my Sister in Law's nudes when fixing her laptop
ignoring the problems in the world and not standing up to do something about it
finishing "sex with a 16 year old girl"
getting blood all over the train ticket machine
making too many phonecalls to one person
while on a work video call
accidentally unloading the wrong laundry.
By not listening to my gf
miscommunicating with a girl at a park
not taking my very serious meds that let me function as a human
not studying...
I almost burned my Apartment building down by forgetting to add water to my Ramen noodles.
going to see a movie
igniting my balls with the anger of Satan.
i felt a v####a for the first time today
saying I was horny to a girl
accidentally making the meerkats hate me
He called his teacher mom...
I bled on my boyfriend during
exposing myself to my father in law while trying to make my wife laugh
Today I f-ed up by playing Fortnite
Emulating An Evil Wizard At A Wedding Rehearsal Dinner
I’m too damn helpful
for eating after a dentist appt.
Got drunk with my gf and friends
changing my laptop background
trying to speak Russian during a family dinner and saying to my GF's grandma that I really like pussy
when I cursed in front of my mom
Because I Let My Ex Stayed At My Place Instead Of Sending Her Home.
agreeing to get my boyfriend the animal crossing switch
inadvertently causing over 100k in property damage to my employer’s customers and over a million in lost business
using my partners hair to staunch my bloody nose while she lost her virginity
getting ready to have sexy time.
making my little sister think she was being cyberstalked and going to be kidnapped
We live in Iran
swearing at my teacher
tweeting my love life
An old
doing the nazi salute at my schools WW2 assembly
Today by thinking with my dick instead of my head
neglecting to clean my fridge
drinking way to much at my friends house and going into a 6 hour screaming rant about society.
Today I fucked up by getting battery acid on my hands bc I didn’t know what battery acid looks like
sitting at the wrong table at a buffet.
being too comfortable with my menstrual cup
signing out a day before my cake day
referencing an r/fiftyfifty post in sex-Ed class
exploding some fruit flies
High Blow Jobs
telling my coworker her music choice of "Ayesha Erotica" wasn't good, in my opinon.
unkowingly having my realtor show me a murder house.
becoming a literal litter box and injuring my knee
Let me transfer you.....
implying to my husband that he had a misshapen penis
almost by not backing up my worlds
calling an autistic kid a brainless retard
looking like I abused my dog
wanking with the door unlocked
dropping my girlfriend out of her window during sex
accidentally copying a troll and getting permabanned from a subreddit.
in the shower
not paying attention to where my phone is
skimming the local library website
playing less-than-family-friendly audio in online school.
eating DOG-FOOD popcorn
Misinterpreting a Job Interview Date
I opened up Pandora’s box. I’m sorry.
TDIFU Watching YouTube on a Zoom Call.
because I blew my bathroom up
goatse-ing my five year old kid.
asking my crush if she was lesb
missing online class
letting my father-in-law see my phone pics...
having sex with my ex
chugging a beer in front of a Kindergarten class
my entire life by not knowing about fiber.
getting stoned and drowning my Airpods pro in the bath
asking my ex-boyfriend how he was feeling about our relationship
sending a friend from school a link to a hentai request
losing my massive dildo for months until my younger sister finds it
tapping into a dormant gambling addiction
sending a snap to the wrong person
using polysporin
actually thinking this sub had good moderators.
swallowing my burps.
not realizing YT name is attached to email
eating beef jerky
allowing someone to steal my money for a haircut that wasn't what I wanted
allowing myself to be completely vulnerable.
taking zinc on an empty stomach
letting my brother play with my computer
Hwu
texting my manager a dick joke
when i ruined Christmas
Divorcing over reddit
taking the person who raped me to McDonalds and spending 20$ on a Big Mac Combo
eating my girlfriend's Christmas/Birthday present.
letting my dog hump my grandma
burning my asshole with essential oils
accidentally pressing "raise hand" during a zoom.
thinking I’d meet the love of my life in some romantic way
Witch hunted an innocent couple accused of grooming yikes
screaming Hallelujah in my gym in front of a wild pack of cute girls
grabbing a charger cord that my dog had diarrhea on + finding out where it came from.
buying an old Man Mask off Snapchat
realising that "gang bang" means something else completely different.
driving my new (to me) car
Sucking on new people
TIFI by not knowing what an orgasm was due to porn
running through Yellow Jacket infested woods to retrieve my dog.
being an a$$hole
By shouting you are the one with the bow legs to a guy at a party
eating Taco Bell before a hookup.
watching a vintage sex tape with my family
propositioning a bartender
trying to be a good person and delivering packages.
I filled out a review of online classes and I wrote about buttplugs
gripping my pen on Zoom class and it's looked like i was doing one HJ
Going To Visit My Boyfriend at College
bringing a wireless vibrator to my girlfriend's house yelling at my daughter
having really rough sex in hotel
giving coffee to a homeless person and scarring my kid for life
coming out as a Biden supporter to my parents.
trying to shake hands with a blind arbitrator
almost killing my cat (but stupid dog was fooled instead) and ruining a load of laundry
Today i fucked up by kicking my older brother.
calling my dad out
being too angry and breaking up with my GF
pressing f5 when i meant to press f9
reading this
tripping over my dick
forgetting about eggs I was boiling in a pot on the stove because I was caught up watching reruns of The Jeffersons nonstop for 2 hours
turning up the heat in my house and drinking a lot.
listening to music at work
Today I fucked up by fucking someone other than my wife for the first time in nearly a decade without a condom.
rejecting an essay
wasting my morning on a youtube plan that didn't work
not turning in an assignment and embarrassing myself.
getting scammed by an instagram meme page.
being not able to pass on a joke and coming out as bi to my dad
outing myself to my mother through my Instagram bio
smoking a cigarette after quitting over 2 years ago.
have a fake proposal look real
getting drunk and trying to put a glass screen protector on my iPad
almost blowing my face open
spilling a glass of water on my boyfriend’s raspberry pi
telling my therapist I can read minds
26m Qtip ear damage/annoyance
when my mom accidentally touched my homemade juices (warning gross)
sticking my thumb up my dogs ass
telling my ex I can't hook up because I'm watching Con Air
having someone think we were a cult.
getting my dog high.
accidentally calling a student by the name of their laptop.
at the DMV by having a cringe email
f***ing cheese and accidentally killing my cat
leaving the seat up.
big shit to big problem telling my online friend “Fuck you”
laughing at a funeral
asking someone if they SPOKE sign language
making my doctor throw up.
telling my roommate's mom I want to make out with her
My mam saw a condom fall from my bag
turning a taco shell into a fireball
implying my cousin was a pedophile
buying the Cat's Christmas gifts too early..
getting on a 2 hour boat trip whilst sick
having a dog and a roomba
Eating Poop
giving my homecoming ticket to my dates twin sister
Adnan Oktar'ın Sohbet Programı 8 Mayıs 2017
choosing a science major
underestimating how hot our shower can get
telling my boss a tasteless joke.
walking in on two teachers having a very personal moment
talking shit about bts when i was younger only to start stanning them now
and now the people at Board &amp; Brew next to my work probably think have tourettes or something.
taking molly at our family reunion
not knowing what the word "constituent" meant
giving meat to a vegetarian
throwing a football.
trying to clean/lube a 45+ year old micrometer
not locking up before leaving work
cutting in line
weird singing Dolly Parton out loud making my mom think that I am either depressed or have a mental illness and then realizing why I am so fucked up as an adult.
not reading simple instructions
eating rat poison
kicking a hole in a wall at work.
turning my office into a porn studio
Called my professor “mom” in front of 30 other students (I’m 19)
giving gold to a banned account
How fast to get a UK Driving License Online?
trying to teach my brother about his finances, but left him feeling crushed by debt.
posting on Twitter that I don't trust women
I had a heart attack during a bad trip but don't have insurance and don't know what to do.
I got staples in my dick
not killing all the fire ants
offering plant hangers I don’t use to a friend
putting insane amounts of pressure on my leg and almost getting sterilized while celebrating the new year
Hello everyone ! My name is Ana Maria I will be direct with you I've started a YouTube channel (I post music ) So if someone wanna Subscribe to my channel here is the link : - https://youtu.be/IBpzMKlygd4 Enjoy the music and I will be really thankful if you like to Subscribe. Thanks !
sending a link to a post that I commented on to a coworker.
telling my boss that I would work him for 18 holes
listening to my ex-fiancé and I’s ‘song’.
accidentally letting my dad consume my weed.
saying something inappropriate while my mate was on the phone
I dont have a Roommate for my Sophomore Year
trying to melt chocolate in a plastic beaker.
insulting my friend's little sister
Discover the best way to lose weight in USA in 2020
thinking someone was breaking into my house
doing the right thing and getting fired.
regret not hooking up with more people ?
pretending to be addicted to meth to break up with my gym rat boyfriend.
going on a trip
going for a post-work run
pirating a movie to watch with my mom with a porn ad in it.
trying to clean out my nostrils with concentrated bodywash
letting my friend get roofied instead of me
‘GIFTING’ MY BUTT MACHINE
getting it on with my pregnant wife. NSFW
spending 70$ on a webcam.site using my dads card.
taking a pregnancy test.
playing a friendly tabletop game and not realizing I still had porn open on my PC
telling my son's new doctor we are Anti-Vaxx
doing some *things* in public
I made the cardinal mistake
Update:  playing my brother's music at a party
When I called out my crush for supposedly lying
showing my dad a picture of Mia Malkova
getting stuck in a fire exit
giving my terminal grandmother monster energy drank
Another poop FU!!!
playing a game that made me confront my own mortality and shook me to my core
walking the dog
My wife fucked up by age shaming another mom
drinking way... wayyyyy too much and nearly dying (I think)
getting drunk, playing dungeons and dragons, and thinking about the game
i didnty close discord
eating chocolate chip cookies in my own home
Don’t trust children with a birthday card
letting a friend think that he’s gonna die
asking a lady to strip
thinking my boss was demeaning a worker of mine
giving myself a feet fetish
trusting
borrowing a bike with good brakes
giving my dog a shower at 1AM
PULLING A HAMSTRING
forgetting how I compensate for an injury (NSFW)
not storing my garlic spray properly, nearly blinded some kids
being Asian in the supermarket
setting up the girl I like with another guy.
assuming my crush was single
replying LOL at Kobe’s death on a group chat
fingering my girlfriend
shooting myself in the eye with my son's nerf gun
racking myself and breaking grandpa’s walker right before Christmas Eve.
blasting "ill make a man out of you" during my first class while being projected onto a TV screen
spraying minty rodent repellent under my oven
My Eyebrows
Turned off the heat
inputting wrong answer for mcdonald winner
My Way Of Showing Affection is too harsh, Making Me Lose Any And All Chances With My Crush
thinking my work shifts didnt start until next week after my oritention.
mistaking that someone was something they were not
throwing my iPhone out the window
releasing my passion project into the world
my entire life by failing a critical final and destroying my GPA
Colonoscopy Cuddle
trying to talk to the girl I like
letting my roommate’s stepdad help me install shelves
Having a Midlife Crisis and Breaking a Toe
prank calling my best friend while his family's dog was being put down
for lossing my sex drive with my wife(long story Warning). NSFW
putting wart remover gel in my mouth.
having my dad go to my exes and get the rest of my stuff
eating expired Gelato
r/ taking 40mg of adderall because now I’m wide awake
not turning myself in
sending a nude to my dad.
with my nail clipper and a feet.
Shot curry sauce all over girl in high school
singing in front of my wife
walking into the school bathroom
signing my absentee ballot when I wasn't in the presence of a notary
asking my wife about her sexual history NSFW
discovered Reese's Donuts at Krispy Kreme
Lied on CV about a meaningless qualification.
letting a bully ride my skateboard
asking my GF who has social anxiety to "try and go out there"
as I took weed up to the workplace.
over-indulging last night
accidentally accusing my coworker of sealing from the til
tying my waistband around my pants two times (I DIDN’T BREAK R4!)
drinking beer through my nose
thinking I was a "hot babe magnet..."
I got trapped on a mountain in leinz Austria
walking a dog and not paying attention. Then a dog fight broke out
buying my romantic interest Elton John tickets (she took another guy)
not knowing I still could take my final exam
giving all my friends with my number a notification about my NSFW Twitter account
drinking water from a plastic bottle
taking “revenge” on my dad, and ended up making him severely depressed.
groggily waking up 3 hours into sleep and taking an Adderall
trying to ride my skateboard.
using Snapchat to take a boobie vid and sharing the vid to my Snap Story
Buying wacom nibs
putting porn on my grandpa's Kindle
coming out as gay as 10 year old
letting my second grader listen to the radio before school.
I flipped off my school discipline teacher
trying to make Spanish rice for my wife
giving 20+ kids burning mouths
using a cheat client on Minecraft.
The most important thing when texting a girl is you should utilize the phone as a tool to set a date not texting back and forth. If you text a girl back and fourth it kills the mystery and it kills the fun of getting to know each other in person.
dating my bosses daughter
jacking off to incest porn.
By saying yes to my spanish coworker who I cannot understand
nearly gassing myself in a room filled with bug spray
Kids, a bomb threat is never a joke.
straightening my hair to look cute. But Anemoi and Hephaestus had other plans.
telling him that I like him.
Repeatedly Pinching the Skin of my Eyeball
accidentally branding myself.
mentally scarring wife and getting my favorite sex positions black listed.
If you’re attracted to teenagers you need to go to therapy. It should be mandatory.
accidentally screen recording me and my friends on discord watching the Hamilton movie/musical
Saying to a girl that i did not like her?!!!
not realizing artificial sweeteners can cause digestion issues.
trying to do squats in the shower
I went through a door and said "are you talking about meeee? ;)" But they were talking about my uncle's father. Dead. That day.
calling a kind Italian man “Mr. Fellatio”
ignoring my SOs breasts
getting a facial
misreading my pilot’s license
telling a teacher that everyone would celebrate at their funeral
Accidentally made a coronavirus b|oterr.or th-reat
Today I Fucked Up by permanently deleting 3 years of photos from existence.
declining a $12 Nintendo Switch
cleaning my kitchen
being drunk , deathly afraid of heights, &amp; stuck on a roof at the same time. Spoiler this story does not end with me remaining on said roof
using the restroom at work
playing puddle of mudd
playing kpop
making myself look like a zero pump chump/pervert at work.
getting “Hells Itch/Suicide Itch”
asking where my friend was really from.
not linking my email to my Reddit account
because I ran over a cat..... in a computer game.
turning on the sprinklers on a couple of solicitors.
eating meat cooked over a "yellow fire"
becoming a crazy smurf pervert
using my girlfriend's new cucumber shower gel to my asshole.
not realizing my 5 y/o daughter was buying grave site flower arrangements for her grandmothers, for Mother's Day.
going into my new job for the first time
letting a lady call me by the wrong name for over a year.
unknowingly worsening my dandruff all my life
saying the f slur in a heated argument
going on a joyride in friend’s mom’s 100k car
cleaning my bathtub with toilet bowl cleaner
taking too much weed edibles
telling my SO that I don't like to look at flaccid penises because they seem sad, which makes me feel sad - not horny.
putting nair on my manhood
sending gore content from r/fiftyfifty on a WhatsApp group chat
trying to peel an orange while under the influence
ignoring the of loosing keys causing a 10x more expensive fuck up
putting laundry pods into a dishwasher.
getting cross-faded and talking to a girl.
making my microphone invisible
drinking at school as a freshman
spending more than $20 on a gift card.
reading my debate team coach jojo smut
928bet บอล มวย หวย เกมส์ ฝากไม่มีขั้นต่ำ ถอนไม่จำกัดครั้ง 24 ชม.
forgetting to shower yesterday (NSFW)
smearing a generous dollop of Rub A535 on my brown eye.
being a genius polyglot.
Missing A Hint
sleeping on left side
One of my earliest with the Sony Ericsson
trying to sleep with a 16 year old girl
insinuating some protesters were idiots
simping on my drug dealer
trying to suffocate my infant cousin to test a theory
convincing my psychiatrist that I don't need antidepressants
locking myself in a room while attempting to change door lock
By posting a comment which was funny to me but made someone angry.
having a puppy
deciding to connect to the mall wi-fi
Hilarious. We had a meeting with real estate and we turn our cameras on. Suddenly a co-workers mom walks in and she starts off with '' long time not seen '' and wants to chit chat. My co worker was so embarrassed and I had to do all that's in my power to not burst out in laughter.
not checking the address for my Postmates
leaking a girls nudes on my snap story
not closing my car hood all the way
going open water swimming
I made the mistake of posting a meme asking if the stats in it were true. Looking back I probably shouldn't have posted it because a lot of black people were insulted by it
telling my cousin I was ace... (M)
shaving my balls for the first time in the shower
twerking for my girlfriend
Having Tourette's
washing my face and getting a chemical acid burn
flaming my kitchen in accident and breaking my arm and leg.
being bicurious and snap chatting a transphestite. Then I get threatened with blackmail.
Never underestimate your cat...
leaving my nice headphones on the ground
encouraging my 2 year old to fart in the tub.
splitting a twelve year olds lip open and possibly getting fired from my job
buying a cheap lock and getting brand new bike stolen from me.
spilling cooking oil...
celebrating Easter
trying to get upvotes because I am new to reddit
appreciating a mosquitoe's beauty and almost ended up dying because of its bite.
hurting my back
telling a friend to have fun
watching porn and ruining my new AirPods
boyfriend said I never congratulate him on his Achievements
completing my Duolingo lesson at midnight
believing that I could flush a whole carrot down my toilet.
making a joke about a girl hiding a fetus in the freezer - turns out she might have had an abortion.
telling my mom about my sexuality...
unknowingly having a long distance relationship with an underage girl.
I made a 100 dollar bet with a friend that I think I lost.
losing my new girlfriend due to my insecurities
horribly misunderstanding the conversation
asking my partner to hold my towel
accidentally giving myself bangs
deleting my wife's taxes she spent six hours on
signing a petition in the streets
letting myself fall down the climbing wall
dowoading mass amounts of porn
fake calling the cops &amp; getting kicked out of the house
concealing hand sanitizer in my socks in an airport
Dildoing Religious Parents Bathtub, Dresser, In-Laws Sister’s Brothers Entire Family and then Being Caught! Whoopsie! (Meta).
Scaring My Apt Complex People
buying a new phone at Best Buy and trading in my old one.
flicking a booger into the air
Signing a Contract to Buy a Pedophile's House
What next generation console are you looking forward too? PlayStation 5 or Xbox Series X
dismantling and repairing gaming controllers because I was unaware of a mechanic in a video game
making out with one of the friends of my ex
accidentally throwing a spider at my naked girlfriend. making a police brutality joke at work
and Tried to get in some pregame for fun times with hubby
getting stoned at my new job
p
shitting myself in my car
letting my dog take advantage of my messed up COVID sleep schedule
almost burning my house down with magick
I made my best friend lose his temper at me
'IN A SHOPPING MALL
taking 4 viagra as a joke
finding my boyfriend's reddit account
going to the wrong airport and costing myself 160 euros
trying to reverse out of a driveway
joining this Subreddit.
voiding my SO's birth certificate
By listening to The Offspring
trying to remove people from friends list to not hurt them.
I said the word orgasm to my religious aunt
Maybe Getting My Dad In Prison
coworker saw the porn link on my lap while he helped me to fix my laptop via team viewer.
biggest dumbass ever
Scared my sister out of going outside
A friend of mine asked if i felt sth for her. I said yes
being a hoe and accidentally looking like a burglar NSFW
logging out of my Reddit account
accidentally bringing a knife to the airport
forgetting some money in my pocket
Changed my password now mother is questioning what secrets I'm hiding.
having long hair, no bra, nipple barbells, and calling an ambulance
when in Rome... lock the bloody door!
getting my account permanently suspended.
being a bit too open with my Uber driver.
calling an appliance repair guy
Didn’t check my shoe
adding too much powdered magnesium in my water
leaving my NSFW drawing on my bed
smoking weed at the end of a dark alley.
asking the wrong twin out.
sunbathing and have a guy jerk off to me
staying late at work to work on my Jeep. Also rule e and tldr and all sorts of fuck ups in this post.
deleting the most heartfelt Christmas present I received
overreacting to my gf cheating on me.
saving naked girls on my phone to “catfish” a guy and looking like a lesbian
trying to venmo money to a prepaid card
Fruit diet: pros and cons of losing weight in just 3 days !
I snitched
BADLY! BY ACCIDENTALLY SUBMITTING NUDES TO MY STUDENT ASSIGNMENT FILES ...PLEASE PRAY FOR ME!
going into a dark part of a park
getting a vibrator stuck up my ass
after lashing out my Frustration on My Wife Publicly
Bought Merch And It Scared My Family
cutting bangs and now I look like a low budget knock off The Mummy villain.
driving my bike drunk
calling an old woman a B**tch
accidentally kidnapping my neighbors dog
taking a selfie outside
ballin hard
searching u/
almost hooking up with a distant relative
using RTX Voice for a zoom class today.
going to the bathroom
using a depilatory cream on my boyfriend and giving him 2nd degree chemical burns on his balls
drawing my teacher being killed in middle school.
throwing up on Chance the Rapper
working out when I have a torn calf muscle.
plugging a display port the wrong way
TIF by getting my 3 yr old to invite the delivery man inside while I was having a shower.
wanting to participate in my class’s secret Santa
not caring for our chessboard
not paying enough attention to my kitten...
Being an early adopter of Gmail and getting the wrath of my Karen of a "mom"
CAO NI MA CAO NI MA CAO NI MA CAO NI MA CAO NI MA CAO NI MA CAO NI MA
referring to Jesus as a "Well hydrated zombie"
telling my girlfriend i would be disappointed by receiving a watch for my birthday.
buying an illegal college degree.
thinking it was the end of the world and trying to fulfill one last fantasy.
and saw my roommate naked
laughing after telling someone their family member had died.
Today I fucked up my morning in my sleep
touching the trash can and then afterward touching my wash without washing my hands first
forgetting my screen mirror was on and watching porn
putting a chick fil a sandwich still in the bag lined with tinfoil.
bringing a girl home
going to the birthday party of a one year old.
leaving a group chat made for me and my grandma's new car
TIFI by getting a guy in a pub toilet to take a photo of my ass who ended up working with many mutual work colleagues.
prank calling....
sleeping with my half sister. NSFW
going a different way to get to the other side of my campus and ended scarring my eyes.
my freaking out and biting my Dad's hand over sleeping pills
sending text, then putting the phone to my ear to wait for a response... I didn’t realise immediately, so was basically sat in complete silence, phone to my ear... with the text screen showing
for trying to change the lightbulb
not checking on my lost email account.
being gassy in my bf’s room
bypassing over my boyfriends sweet gesture.
I picked the euromillions winning lottery numbers (£105 million)
giving the worst tip of my life.
mixing up my vocabulary in a work email
throwing my back out the day before my birthday and probably getting fired.
accidentally sabotaging my computers display for nearly a year
I got wasted in front of my boyfriends brother.
drinking violent amount of coffee
How did you fuck up today?
I blacked out on Sunday and did some things I don't remember and regret.
telling my wife the smell of fish reminded me of her hoo ha
getting stoned out of my mind on a day off work.
making my parents think I’m gay
leaving an envelope of my nudes in my purse
learning how important it is to take care of your self the hard way
Got mad at my girlfriends roommate for saying Die Hard wasnt a Christmas movie, so I called her out for her nazi tattoo, which only my girlfriend knew about
buying my coworker a huge glitter bomb.
snoring through the wide world
cumming on my laptop keyboard
losing two friends over a group project
drinking beet juice
being a lazy POS and not inflating my car tire
telling the mail carrier about a special package
I fucked up today by trying to clean my headset jack, clogging it, then turing it grinch green.
losing the keys to kitchen and that too when my house is in containment zone
sending sex videos of me and my partner to my own MOTHER
making my mom cry
not reading my contract and getting bed bugs.
accidentally asking a girl out tickling the pickle.
telling my mother her sugar free cake was amazing
drinking two Bang energy drinks and feeling like I was going to die.
implying to all my husbands friends that I'm constipated.
thinking that my mom's sanitary pads are cookies
referring to a client as a ethnic slur
asking my crush if her social media posts were about me
wanking in the toilet.
grabbing a piece of very hot metal with my bare hands at worn
copying a post I saw on here because I thought my sperm were infertile
When I got into a fight with my twin
telling my biggest weakness to a prankster sister-in-law.
telling my girlfriend’s grandfather my lube was hand soap.
living my life
taking melatonin
getting myself into the cycle of compulsive masturbation.
masturbating when my mom was home
punching my laptop
accidentally drunk dialing the doctor I work for sending an ass pic
jerking off on the couch
saying being gay is a choice
changing the final project because of a last minute sketch
bending my knee the wrong way.
parking at work
sniffing glue at the bank
shouting ‘DILDO!’ to my boss during my first week of work.
Sent regretful message to the girl ive been talking to.
forgetting my laptop has a built- in webcam
I froze my tongue to a doorbell
saying goodbye to my online firends
trying to be a good son and instead ruining a birthday message
hiring an escort
telling a girl I liked to have fun.
verbally confirming someone’s well-being and being a total airhead at the wrong time.
losing my virginity
well, they're everywhere in this one...
using Google Maps on an emergency call
smashing an egg on my mirror to the tune of Renai Circulation
SLEEPWALKING
Peeing My Pants While Going Through Security
doing a bladder workout by accident
flushing hemorrhoid wipes red pulling random people.
taking a shit at the office.
not checking the wind forecast before paddling in open water
taking my meds
wallet drains firemen
having a midnight snack
being horny af.
becoming the dumbest criminal EVER
not knowing how Scooby-Doo works.
dating a fake person
Pretty sure my coworker saw my junk on my phone
having a wank in the bathroom
forgetting to turn of my mic.
hurting my back and failing a once a year test.
buying a shitty pull up bar, and fucking up my back
Missed my cake day
farting on a friend's leg while joking
accidentally removing 2 hours worth of work
hurting my cat
farting
thinking I am alone in the office
making my crush think I'm gay
someone thought I said the n-word
playing never have I ever
doing my makeup
making homemade salsa for my family
AITA for getting super high and forgetting I had work?
giving my butthole an unexpected minty-fresh attack
spending money on a game
leaving my puppy unsupervised and the police were called
sleeping with my apt manager.
eating tacos
texting my male friend's conservative parents a picture of me (F) dressed as him for Halloween
shit talking an employee while my mic wasn’t music.
Plagiarizing on my Final Paper in One of My Master's Classes.
‎⁦‪BeeNetwork‬⁩ ⁦money CODE fe7v
Hooking Up With Another Girl
not tightening my wheel bolts not tightening wheel nuts
calling where i'll take an exam to know when it is
What do you talk about during sex!?
wearing pants a size too big
smelling a "nice" aroma
texting my elderly mother a profanity involving my wife.
touching things
not telling my best friend that she’s a bitch
TDIFU by making a joke about a friend to her face about having an abortion - like a twat
opening up?
putting a wrong number from my number plate for highway tax
showering with vicks vaporub.
locking myself in my chicken coop
getting a massive tattoo of a serial killers “signature”
sleeping with an abusers girlfriend.
persuading my parents to go on time
touching my dick after cooking with chili
LPT:  calling a gas station attendant “Dad” at 1am
Today I fucked up by entering a toile without paying even though I needed to pay
getting drunk , getting into a political argument and storming out.
asking a nun if a picture on her nightstand was of her grandkids
telling a a policeman's son/daughter I fucked his mum
going down on my boyfriend too hard
going on OkCupid
Asking A 17 Year Old To Get Coffee
screaming at my mom
sleeping with a lesbian colleagues partner
hooking up with Saoirse Ronan and almost making her late to rehearsal the next day
leaving a beer can in the shower
I nearly burned my house down (kinda clickbait?)
Today i fucked up (Short Story)
Asked a girl about when she immigrated.
So i got my 1st gold while trolling/ mgtow
making a condom purchase even more awkward than it should have been
playing videogames with my rabbit in my lap
trusting kittens to stay put!
not wanting to tell anyone I was fainting in class
exposing my vast drug knowledge to my Dad whilst watching TV
pirating games
not washing my back for years.
texting my boss from my Apple Watch
with Reddit coins
when I splattered thick mud on cars parked on muddy field
making a stupid bet over the super bowl.
telling my sister to fu*k off
bringing sweet tea to a range.
implying all black people smoke
trying to use the bathroom in the woods
drinking cold brew concentrate
setting a Photos widget in the new iOS
convincing my brother to judo flip me into the pool
super gluing my fingers together in front of my kids.
by trying to be polite.
having disgustingly eyebrows in public without knowing.
not remembering what coloured jacket my (don't know what to call her a g.f or a friend, so let's go with crush) crush wore during our first kiss and first hug
tapping "clear data" instead of "clear cache" on my Instagram app (android phone) and got myself logged out for good. The account is as good as lost.
getting ahead of myself at the vet clinic
Accidentally vacuumed away boyfriends’s socks from his ex. OOPS
attending a COVID party and getting both my parents killed
giving this new girl that I met my ex's number instead of my own
looking at a vegan shit post
Trying to enjoy a dab but in turn lighting the upper half of my body on fire.
Joking During Anal
busting my ass on a wine glass.
calling my client a politiclly incorrect term
throwing away about 7 months of work for my exams
getting one of my dads friends numbers.
repeatedly not-seeing speed cameras on a highway
telling my boyfriend I fucked a man who blackmailed me into sending him nudes
talking to dogs while in a van.
adding my mom to a group chat with my friends.
not waiting to see the chat
taking a screenshot of titties and showing it to my parents
not looking at the weather before going for a walk
yelling “Hail Allah” and watching a show about hell in front of the wrong people
racially stereotyping a friendly Bedouin
getting banned from r/aww
taking pictures of me and a stuffed dolphin on “adventures” for my niece.
being a stupid crackhead
I spent time making art the past couple days to be auctioned as an NFT and spent 120$ for the auction fee. Almost no one saw my work or even given me any feedback. I feel sad and stupid.
Eyebrows take longer to grow back than you think...
Today I Effed Up By Accidentally Letting A Teacher Know I Let Someone Copy From Me.
texting all my co-workers
By drinking white claws and working out
Not Wanting to Deal With My Trans Friend's Depression &amp; Family Issues
having Corona...
almost getting T-Boned because I thought the intersection was a 4-way stop.
almost missing my math final
sending a really inappropriate text in a GC with one of my professors.
wearing a competitors uniform to my works Halloween dress up day
not washing my feet for years.
having an argument with a girl Im going out with
That time I learned a lesson about using laxatives. Alternately, the plane trip from hell!
accidentally burning my favorite pair of shoes
accidentally interrupting my professor in a zoom class
when I decided to get a bj and fuck my girl on her parents small apartments couch
not understanding how benzoyl peroxide works
mixing up medications
Calling My Grandma An Evil Person
exclaiming I wasn't wearing pants at work
mocking a redditor
Tipping 140% to a Pizza Delivery Driver
confessing my love for fictional character
when I realized my BEST FRIEND is a vegan
accidentally swearing in my college assignment
using baking soda instead of sugar.
farting on my husband’s face!
consuming too much alcohol and committing the most shameful act I've ever done
trying to leave a passive aggressive note about my neighbour’s piss sounds under their door
generating youtube subscribers
Y
eating a LEGO
not using Google while doing research while doing research with a preteen
deciding to wipe when I had sweaty gym ass
changing my PFPI did not think of the fact ... the black box was always on
having my boyfriend finish inside me
not wearing a costume for Halloween
showing hentai to my class
and got fired for writing this advertisement proposal
My ear exsam
getting a call back for a job
Eating My Husband's Sandwich
trying to watch a gameplay at school.
Spray paint can + car tire = WTF
asking my boss if she ‘had any more of that weed, it’s was amazing’
approaching a woman I believed was waving at me, except she really wasn’t, therefore makingher really uncomfortable.
rushing to my kid's aid and ate it.
doing something explicit to the wrong guy!
making a fool of myself on the first day of work.
BIO-FREEZE ON MY BALLS
spraying perfume in my mask.
leaving my post in the Spirit Plane!
googling about dinosaurs and got suspended
not wearing gloves and going blind temporarily
reading an erotic fanfiction to my 3 year old
not attending my grandparent's dog last minutes
not listening a good advice.
A Little Retcon Music
really bad by sending my straight roommate a sex video of me.
eating pineapple
ruining my own surprise birthday gift
accidentally leaving a fake severed head in my fridge.
dropping my phone in jizz
Being a blackout asshole
asking where the condoms were
trying sushi for the second time ever
becoming the ultimate simp and making a playlist for a girl with a bf
wearing a brown swim suit
Dad found my porn?LPR / asking a girl out and saying "nevermind it was a joke lol"
having my girlfriend and the person she cheated on me with play with each other
making a mean joke
getting myself locking a shopping centre fire escape with no way out
after my Postmates delivery
streaming porn to my brother
going to the doctor with 23 butt plugs inside me
getting suspended for punching a girl in the face after she kicked me in the balls.
pelvic thrusting my flaccid junk in front of my girlfriend's Christian mother.
not being in two places at once
actually last night) by losing my swimsuit in the air bnb pool
telling my gf’s friends about my suicidal period.
walking into the wrong house with my clients for a real estate showing
baby wearing for the first time and shit my pants
so not exactly today but 2018
going to red lobster.
TIDU by putting a pool in my living room. No way to empty.
accidentally showing my coworker my hidden photos folder
Gave the mailman a show the morning
letting my dad answer the door for my sex toy delivery.
super gluing my fingers to a dumbbell
showing my teacher my weird humour
trying to live a better life.
deleting my game submission to a contest I worked really hard on.
turning on the lights in my Vine addicted sister's dungeon, and causing a flash fire in the process
sneaking into my stepsisters room after watching too many you know what...
losing all of my friends in one night
Pulled my pants down at the wrong time
joining Twitter
reading the news to my wife.
making an insensitive comment about covid-19
adding to my Amazon Holiday Wishlist
Asking My BF If It Weird I Was Picturing His Dad While Making Out.
being a showman and accidentally telling 60 schoolmates i like introvertal girl.
forgetting to check the thermostat
losing a rock perfectly shaped like an egg that the whole town loved
tickling my boyfriend and getting injured as a result
having sex with my fiancé in the shower.
Named my iPhone “big daddy” and had deep, cringe regret.
describing a horse in class
letting myself be scammed by a steam "mod" and losing my 7 year old steam account worth and £150.
crafting drunk not a good idea... help
I (16F) lost something today worth 5,000 euros. Fuck.
trying to get my car unstuck
losing my pants to the cat.
insisting on barbecuing
drinking too much tea.
accidentally becoming a CEO of a 2,000 employee company.
thinking about sex at the wrong time
watching ant videos on YouTube
almost burning down my grandmother's house
spending way too much money on what we thought was a medical emergency.
The Day I Egregiously Fucked up at Macy's Birthday Party
cuddling with my boyfriend
banging my new flatmate
trying to wash my hands
not being transparent about who I'm voting for
being too friendly
thinking of the game
gave my best friend a firearm for self defense just before realizing shes an awful person
kinda😂) good laugh
Bathroom Buddies
kneeing a fork into my gums
Today I fucked up by having hope
Once again, Word and stupidity get together to make my life a little bit harder.
going on a 3rd date with the girl who farted in my face...
not stretching my legs, causing me to blackout while trying to use the bathroom.
flushing a broken toilet
setting fire to my work truck then crashing it in one night...
not knowing how overalls work
not using a throwaway and exposing my account to a colleague
renting a house off Craigslist.
getting caught watching porn at school with my best friend
leaving
getting blackout drunk and hurting myself
saying "you have chosen death" to my friend at a camp site
realizing I did not show up for a shift I picked up.
not making a post on my cake day for easy karma
electrocuting myself with surge protector then banging my head on the corner of a desk.
“locking” myself into my room.
trying to clean a brush
accidentally calling my friend a racist slur
asking Siri to change my name
suggesting a coworker watch It’s Always Sunny.
because I flashed my two friends
getting cross-faded the weekend before a possible drug test
believing I won't get scammed by an online ed provider
making/trying edibles for the first time with my mom. We shared well over a gram of weed and are waiting for our impending doom.
letting my dad checking in my drawer
on birthday date because of Pasta Type
having the first laptop I’ve ever bought shipped through Fed-Ex.
TIGU by telling my thoughts on the recent events about you know who and the protests going on to my girlfriend.
เตรียมระเบิดศึก "Changsuek Road to Qatar 2022" เริ่ม 14 เม.ย.นี้
showing my coworkers what taco pizza was
going straight from the waxing salon to the sunbed. Put a fork in me, I'm done!
putting 3 rubber elastics on my braces and deciding to yawn.
because my mom saw me bust a nut
killing a goose
wearing my boxers the wrong way with loose shorts, causing a bit of mild public exposure
listening to my sleep app records with my new girlfriend
accidentally coughing towards a man in army uniform during COVID pandemic
using the word cosplay
starting an epidemic at my school
OUTA HERE
using an electric eraser holder to masturbate
leaving a dirty nappy in my son's crib
using Talk to Text to respond to my son when he asked me which air fryer I want for Christmas
accepting a job offer from a Karen
walking in on my 80-year-old uncle in the bathroom.
sleeping with my boyfriends (M18) brother M(16)
getting in touch with my stalker
daughter walked in on sex
not using the bathroom before my 1st day on the job and peed myself
leaving hotel Transylvania on for for my 4 and almost 2 year old
not kissing my step cousin
being horny af and into diapers
putting myself into a possibly endless cycle of masturbation.
using body wash to mastubate
almost becoming Black
telling my sister her dad might not be her dad.
uninstalling my wifi
confessing
leaving my finger that I had accidentally smacked with a hammer, to heal by itself.
exceeding the maximum length of an assignment 3-4 times
I have a power that is so bumb yet strong
dropping a clock &amp; causing my coworker to waste $35,000
texting my recently resigned boss
not reading the rules and getting banned from r/youtube for a week
putting my AirPods in the small pocket next to the regular sized pocket in my pants.
posting on Reddit a few too many days early.
making a colleague a drink
accidentally getting high
finding a lifeless body while breaking in a school illegally
making comments about how attractive a character was that I didn't realize looked almost identical to my good mates wife...
attatching a dildo onto my chest
acting tough when i shouldve went to the hospital.
getting lost in the forest for a day
Not Eating Before The Covid Vaccine and Traumatizing Everyone
creating a puzzle that might be impossible to solve, and causing an irreparable rift in a community of Boy Scouts
Was just playing with my paper airplane
starting to swear
wanting spicy wings for lunch.
Trashing My Room for Alyssa Milano.
being sleep deprived and having ADHD
sending all my english group members my anime episode list
looking up porn on a school computer
flashing my SIL my morning glory
accidentally posting my zip code and city on a subreddit?
hydro-dipping my phone in my nut
I may have ruined my sisters surprise proposal
not looking at a guys shirt
Tofu by throwing up during a zoom meeting
doing x*ns
thinking that I had a midterm exam today.
breaking my new laptop for college
unleashing hordes of spiders into my home
having a quickie with my GF and giving her a 4 cm gash on her chin.
losing my anal virginity by eating noodles
Well Fuck
taking the dogs for a walk
escaping Wuhan before its lockdown
leaving my daughter and niece in my crappy minivan
Today u ducked up by being a dummy
I (23M) took acid with my best mate and ended up sucking off his dad
forgetting to find an Easter Egg for 10 years... and then finding it
not going to the doctor or taking medicine for 2 years
seeing a picture and letting my horniness get the better of me.
almost cutting my 3 fingers
making a bet with a college jock
blacking out watching The Godfather
being lazy and not looking for another way out
My best friend drank my piss and so did I
failing my Grade 12 English Course, I can no longer to post secondary
locking my girlfriend out of our apartment...
offering my partner a spoonful of chocolate ice cream
sending my husband's dick pic to my bff
programming a library book with an nfc tag saying "Joe Exotic for president".
sending my friend a very inappropriate funny images when his parents were in the room
asking my boyfriend how much toilet paper we have left
kissing my girlfriend
Today I fucked up by not filling out a form correctly
plucking my nose hairs
having sex with sexy sexer
giving a coworker an anxiety attack on her birthday
playing as a tourist to take a photo of a cute girl
going into anaphylactic shock after getting hit by a piece of cheese
letting mom find the cum wall...
going through my dads phone going on my dad's phone!
being too tall to hide behind a couch
not thinking before i picked my username.on the way to a New Year’s Eve party
I didn’t fuck up but someone did
yanking off a girls wig
getting cum on my sister face
sending an inappropriate meme to a group chat
not remembering my account number for Fate Grand Order.
burping without checking my surroundings
having sex with my grandma at my grandpa's funeral.
Learned that "bee stings" was slang for small tits in front of my whole class
not googling something missed out on $1000
telling my sister I have strep throat
I did something unforgivable this past weekend.
giving my mom my phone full of porn!
trying to clean my ears
not finishing a book from school and by ending up looking like a total sociopath.
trying to make a joke and accidentally being racist
using a nsfw domain for a team tool
eating a piece of pizza
dear reddit today i fucked up
singing out load karaoke during my break, while doing the dishes, while not having muted my mic on zoom, while being 10mins late, while our general manager has joined to introduce himself.
realizing I forgot that I had kids
asking a kid his favourite colour.
not knowing how use my words
because I bought my best friends girlfriend a porn video as a birthday present.
killing my best friend's Minecraft dog.
We had to clear the house after what I did!
going to my crush’s house she drinking, edited
having the username "cumrag"
calling the regional manager a ho
blasting music through my entire town
leaving out my husband’s pocket pussies
showing my family a “funny” Reddit post and getting severely judged
opening a pornhub link my friend sent me.
sending my mom a picture of a condom on my nightstand
trying to do something good for my pc (HELP ME)
not washing the dishes right for 3 years and getting my family sick.
Accidentally Playing "Stereotypical" Indian Music Around My Indian Co-worker
not knowing what anal beads were
trying to remove the cat from my office
not taking the GD hint
reading a story on this subbreddit.
waking up hungover and going to the wrong airport
at dinner
making myself puke
saving a topless woman from drowning
having a nap after my exam and sleeping for 13 hours missing dinner with a friend who’s going away for a year
White belt wrong class
OR MY MIND GONNA BLOW UP
making a stranger think I’m anti-Semitic
when a Hood Opened on the Highway at Work
playing games and broking my bf tooth
volunteering to be a moderator for an EDM music label for several years resulting in 5 major types of fuckups I'm listing in this post
running on a treadmill barefoot
changing my language settings on all of my devices
Nature Called and I wasn't ready.. M(22)
accidentally “screen recording” all of my friends Snapchat stories on accident and creeping out my cousin and girlfriends friend
accidentally crashing a funeral
letting my father's car get broken into
pushing in a sonar backup sensor on a car
not mentioning the extra kid that was hanging out with my kids
leaving a garbage bag out on the landing.
trying to pet a dog
for peeing at school
r/old lady tingz
having partial intercourse with my cousin while her mom is sleeping nextdoor
foil is metal, and metal in the microwave causes fire.
opening my smart-ass mouth and I probably should've been hit.
cheating in an online exam and leaving the name of the guy I cheated it from in the answers.
drinking too much
Today I fucked up by selling someone's daughter a "broken phone."
So uh I called the cops
giving all my free awards to my best friend.
I gave my friend an essay and he turned it in behind my back
popping what I thought was a stubborn pimple on my scrotum, which turned out to be a small skin tag/mole... still bleeding (link to pic in the description).
throwing up on my niece
Fft
getting distracted in class and splashing myself in the face
spending the first paycheck I've gotten in 7 years
singing to my girlfriend
thinking the Asian dude in the Masked Singer was Andrew Yang.
I bought a extremely expensive mic and it’s horrible.
Sent to the ER and shut down a high school gym by sitting down.
Ruining my own potential for consensual anonymous phone sex
having sex with my girlfriend while she was on her period
winning condom bingo in the dorms
What are the side effects of beet juice?
aborting sister's baby using a coat hanger drill
body slamming my grandma
shoplifting at the store
sending my manager a dick pic
accidentally showing my younger brothers a method of torture
accidentally threatening my teacher
getting egged before a marathon
having a yellow sucker with Invisalign aligners in.
masturbating in front of my window
almost murdering a tortoise.
agreeing with my wife
sending the wrong essay to my top university
thinking I had enough experience to drive in the snow.
packing my wifes things after being seperated but working on things
an academic advisor has been calling me the wrong name for years and now it’s too awkward and too late
eating a bag full of sugar-free sweets
trying to explain to my bf why I was horny
saying the have safe sex
going to Europe to beg for food and be alone in the holidays
eating the brown banana
calling someone with autism retarded
finding out I slept with a program director at my medical school
My teacher thought I was gay
having the worst day of my life.
shitting myself during my first day at school :)))))
taking a twelve hour overtime shift and using a public bathroom
calling my older sister by her name
Didn't see the Second Page Of an Online Exam.
masquerading as a dead body in school
explaining my departure
Didn’t tell my crush I felt
insisting my teenage daughter drop German studies ASAP since it’s utterly irrelevant.
calling someone something unsavory in a foreign language
throwing my cat headfirst into a wall
sending a dick pic to my very conservative church group
I fucked up again.
I wore my mother's undies to the bedroom
taking Instagram selfies in the middle of a public street, barefoot, in the rain
merging my home and work addresses
taking my dad too seriously
having sex with my boyfriend's twin brother and my parents-law finding out.
getting a 1 month ban from commenting on Facebook for calling someone a Persian goat.
getting off on my parents having sex
telling a job I would consider their offer
feeding my fish right after masturbating
Almost Dying in a Fire
accepting a hot girl's challenge for "Strip Agricola"
coming out to my wife of five years
not reading the community noticeboard about quarterly water checkup
losing my bracelet
"exfoliating" my legs with a grater.
wiping my eyes
offering to pay for a strangers groceries when their card declined. Sounds like a nice thing to do, right? Not when they start basically stalking you after.
returning an item to Amazon
misreading the time on my bursary email
peeing down from a balcony on the 11th floor on a windy night (NFSW)
farted
accidentally texting my friend's stalker talking shit about him
telling the owner of a large haunted house attraction my name back when I was 8
driving away with the gas pump nozzle still in my gas tank. Twice. In a row.
testing
doing the Paqui one chip challenge while having CVS (cyclic vomiting syndrome)
not getting someone's contact information after helping with car troubles
peeing in my pants in class, and then presenting a project.
smacking myself in the balls during sex
going to my first day at work
Submerging a $2000+ Espresso Machine in Water and Running Away
LPT |  breaking my laptop charger
Hatchet throwing gone wrong.
Be careful with Pork Sausages
going camping, trying edibles for the first time, and ruining my anniversary
putting a tiny child on my head.
not going through the mail on the kitchen table for over 2 months.
wiping and killing a massive house spider all over my face!
DM’d my boss shit talking...my boss
forgetting to get my friend a birthday present.
deleting saved game data for a game that doesn’t allow manual saves
learning I'm supposed to brush my teeth twice a day
playing World of Warcraft
pouring hot wax down the sink
Accidentally sent a bad picture
trying to violate the rules of NNN
Accidentally Agreeing to Host New Years
not really lmao) by pointing out hypocrisy.
not thinking straight and telling a suicide joke to a cop
telling my family to stop turning up unexpectedly to help renovate my house?
playing with my dogs and only yelling at them while they aggressively fought for minutes.
almost dying while trying to save some money.
Needing To Shit And piss While My Roomate Was Showering
Today I fucked up by trying to enjoy my day off
trying to enjoy myself
wearing shorts
ignoring the 'tickling' feeling on my arm for 5 hours
shoving my penis in my cousins face
when I realized that I wanted a girlfriend purely for selfish reasons
saying I'll be there at the shoot in an hour while I just woke up at another state when I got the call.
Simulation of a Toyota Venza car crash
Making Teacher Think I Was Dying so He Almost Broke My Ribs so I Broke His Balls Instead
having two different girls numbers whilst working
casting my whole desktop to the smart display in the kitchen.
READ
accidentally screenshotting an old high school friends snap story of her toddler daughter in her underwear
CANT LOGIN INTO GOOGLE ACCOUNT AND GAMES
staring at a stranger’s window for a time longer than necessary
not being prefacing the rules of r/whatisthisthing
My life as I previously knew it is likely over
By mixing up THC carts
making a one liner joke on break at work
burning my anus using my Bidet
not being able to clean my belly button properly ...i think
playing mariachi music when I burned down my friend's house
tricking my rugby teammate to getting the number "69" on the back of his number jersey. I got suspended, got on probation, and the teammate left the team for it.
I forgot my grandmother's birthday
sending a picture of a dildo to my sister
Getting My Entire Engineering Company Banned from Google Earth
possibly getting myself fired..
What to do and to do not at Flirting
drawing threatening pictures of my teacher.
not being able to hold my fart inside the car.
Well I got a toothbrush cap stuck up my ass
cumming so hard I puked! trying to buy my BF shoes for Christmas
watching my boyfriend sleep
and went off my normal subreddit group /Knife_Swap and found out that Reddit is a leftist cesspool of “conform” or leave. There’s no middle ground. Why are Democrats trying to destroy Republicans? Why are they worried about Trump 2024 when Biden is the most popular President in history?
not guerding the door properly
Threw boxers at gfs face
getting my school IP banned from Scratch TL;DR
By almost lighting myself on fire
dropping a knife while dishwashing
getting scammed out of 850$
catching porn on an Apple employee's laptop (This isn't a personal moment)
exposing myself to the world
being a snob about Knives and Multitools.
touching my parts after handling scorpion peppers 🌶
not thoroughly inspecting my pants
shitting on the floor
I tripped on a rock and fell at a police officer
checking my ex’s social media pages
and almost told my father in law all about his daughter. NSFW
not following directions and effectively flash banging myself.
putting rocks down my drain
I’m stuck and I don’t know what to do
Day-trading for fun and then lost everything in my bank account including my next semester fee...
Failed my first college course
when my mom found out that i was not attending school and not taking quizzes.
submitting an onlyfans porn pic for an assignment in my college class
If you want to get $200 Amazon Gift Card free, click here and submit email. Your Best offer League of Legends (Birth day gift)
breaking my friends backbag.
making sex for first time with my gf
checking ex IG
not knowing what the definition of a short answer is
seeing someone I had a one night stand with a year ago (L)
The Dark Side
trying to save a goose
Today I fucked up by saying an insensitive racist joke
Hello there i am new reddit help me by giving ⏫
logging into a work meeting while checking in for a vasectomy NSFW
accidentally disinfecting my eyes with 99% isopropyl alcohol
accidently letting my mom see my phone screen NSFW
pretending to be asleep
sexting with a girl without realizing she had a BF
sending my dad the “shit negro thats all you had to say” clip
painting a Bob Ross painting on the back of my exam paper
going to the train yards
going on a tinder date
Sharting...on my pad.
possibly scarring the hell out of my son
How long does it take for a black woman to take a shit?
snowboarding in the trees
saying i know how to video edit
I sent an angry text to my friend's mum.
because I called my "Girl friend" B word by mistake.
about fapping before dinner
letting a random woman get scammed for $3000 dollars
changing my store managers work login password to QueefQueen696969
not turning off notifications for Reddit
saying that my black colleague looked like property
Theseesss sntisxr is crowet
for thinking that a degree in hospitality meant working in a hospital.
my working out too hard and giving myself an ocular migraine
buying a book in the wrong language
for slipping my number on a napkin to a celebrity at a restaurant.
cheating on my final using chegg and (possibly) getting caught
having husband give me a brazillian
Wore my (M35) boxers the wrong way
Accidentally Mocking my Dental Hygienist's Accent
making it seem like I was in a relationship with a classmate.
drunk calling my ex and then basically having a mental breakdown
A boy and his shaving cream
breathing blue burn engine oil for 15 minutes.
dropping a textbook and then farting
putting the word penis on my hand
misapprehended ‛Dusk' as ‛Dawn'.
eating mac &amp; cheese
running my toothbrush under hot water without realising and then using it
showing my hairdresser some of my nudes
eating pizza
screwing a coconut.
laughing at my grandfather's funeral, whcih caused for my whole family to get kicked out of our church.
Getting so drunk and high I accidentally shit in my basement laundry tub.
speeding up to get in front of a car on a two lane road
having a crush on my professor
underestimating my kettles weight and burning my hand
sharing stuff on reddit
potentially ruining my career and families financial security.
Founder of MQM convicted by a British court
asking the work robot for feet pics
telling my girlfriend she looked ugly as fuck during sex
my adventures with sugar
fucking myself over during a performance test
"getting someone deported"
not waiting for that pizza to cool a bit
I put Unleaded petrol in my diesel car.
putting peanut oil in a swimming pool
stealing weed from my dad
getting banned in r/nfl
running to pick my sister up from school.
cumming on my wall.
recommending a child gets "put down"
NoDoz adventure
picking up a cat
not knowing my google photos were synced with my dads phone
messaging my manager “blowjob”
searching an inappropriate term on my moms MacBook
thinking someone was hitting on me
not thinking about where that spider I killed came from
getting into a car crash
masturbating on camera to a Dating Site blackmailer
being drunk and touching my friends inappropriately
saying the N-word at a party
playing an obscene song in a mock interview
announcing that changing my baby would be "quick and easy."
not realizing shaving cream was a thing
ruining a good friendship by developing a crush
i shidded my pants
taking changing some random persons Facebook password, leads to friends unknown extended family...seriously
trying to photograph a colour changing potato
sitting next to my mum
offering my crush hemmorhoid cream
x2 in the worst possible way as a human being
nearly killing my friends in a fire pit explosion.
drinking alcohol when I had diarrhea and getting stomach flu
telling a classmate i have a crush on the professor
sending a picture of my legs in the bathtub to a friend
telling my black boss he was suffering from "The Itis"
asking for a refund and getting the gat
letting my daughter play with my jizz
wearing a dress at the store
playing my music way to loud
getting high and being dick to a waitress
working out my legs when I haven’t in 6 months
Just another black guy.
when I was txting my casual sex partner
sleeping and not messaging my parents who were waiting for me to come home
watching trans/futa porn during work hours while an activity tracking software was running in the background periodically capturing screenshots.
making the decision to meet my gf's parents
not remembering who fingered my butt
Today i fucked up by watching a video
ruining every Thanksgiving dinner after using the turkey baster as a feminine hygiene product.
telling the truth on my mental health forms
offering someone an apple
wanting my subway sandwich so badly my family now thinks I'm a sex crazed teenage beast.
breaking a bottle of wine mocking a stranger, injuring myself, and bleeding profusely
sending nudes to a unknown person
getting fed up with my noisy neighbor and breaking a part of my window
masturbating while my parents were home.
flushing a filled-up toilet...
NOT SAVING MY FUCKING COURSEWORK
lucid dreaming about destroying a city while being mega sized and cumming in my sleep
sent topless photos to wrong person
Reddit.  letting my sister move my car five feet.
not telling him I have a boyfriend
discovering gmilf porn and getting sucked down the rabbit hole
letting my husky get in the fridge
Petition to Rename the Subreddit to ASPIFU (at some point I fucked up)
Bought Sex toys using Mom's Paypal
cutting my finger while trying to strip the label off of a prescription pill bottle with a paring knife
asking my friend if I could use some of her breast milk to make cheese.
getting high at work
drinking someone else's drink at Starbucks
trying to be freaky with the lights off
buying something for my dad
having sex with an ex and breaking her vagina
Today I fucked up by video calling a coworker will In the shower
sending money to a friend with PayPal and jokingly noted in the reference that it was for an extreme sex act, but was mistaken for an international financial crime
during a screenshare over an official Google Hangouts call
discovering how many people die of the flu and common cold, causing me to build an underground bunker in my garden that I've now locked myself into
I posted this story to Writing Prompts and got permanently banned because of it
watching the most disturbing movie of all time
clogging a toilet at my GF's house
obsessively snacking before a presentation.
losing my cool in school
getting stabbed by my daughter in law.
sending my grandma a pornhub video
quitting my job of 2.5 years after being falsely hired.
turning a photo of pecan pie into an ad for free porn
accidentally spilling sick all over my chest
going into r/pokimanehot
making everyone think i’m racist
telling my section that my birthday was during a Drill weekend
when buying coffee
losing all credibility in the career I aspired to have, when all I had already was just my ambition.
accidentally betraying my paranoid BF's trust...
leaving my phone on
accidentally catching my BF's younger brother watching porn and exposing it to his whole family.
playing a drinking game and catcalling my friends sister.
not showing up to work for a month and having the police go to my parents house for a welfare check
joining a Zoom yoga while shitting, with video off but audio on.
when I missed the chance to see The Police on the Regatta de Blanc tour
spraying peppermint oil all over my apartment to get rid of spiders
thinking my boyfriend didn’t want kids for three years
not realizing shared notes give notifications to the creator when edited
R/ kicking a lady's car
I took candy from a stranger ...
having sex with a cold
putting a roast me on a toast me and by not reading the rules of this sub twice
talking to my mom about a pornstar
burning my eardrum
yelling “I bet you wish you were back in Africa” to my black coworker across a busy parking lot.
having such an intense orgasm I left my partner with blue balls.
taking my girlfriend parasailing
trying to deliver pizza but ending up trapped with an angry, drunk hitchhiker
asking where men unload semen
Tried to sell a Punch Bag and ended up inviting round a cock flasher.
posting a selfie of myself on r/teenagers
BBitcoin mining
farting in front of a pregnant woman
ripping my dick
By creating a saw movie scene in my car
looking at my girlfriend's sister's Instagram
embarrassing myself in front of fellow co workers by saying I donate only fans instead of gofundme me
accidently almost poisoning my family and friends.
Telling 100% the truth, isn't always the best thing,
recording my nephew drinking his own pee
urinating in a dream, making me paranoid at work the next morning.
Saying Hello to an Old Man after Getting Out of a Psyche Ward
shitting myself on my first week of high school realizing I’ve been f’ing up my whole life...NSFW read
creampie in my cousin
almost setting my work microwave on fire with vegan meat.
flooding my teacher's Kahoot with bots.
Vomiting and Shitting at the same time.
lost my copy of animal crossing and will disappoint partner.
flicking my boyfriends ball leaving us sexless for the unforeseeable future
buying a whiskey that was in a cool container
not knowing how to clean a shower
making my school shut down
risking my life to lose my V card
squirting all over the tent in below freezing temperatures
googling a close friend who I was curious about
procrastinating
trying to nap on my break
engaging in hateful comments on a reddit post.
Almost made someone kill themself.
I fucked up a wr.
dismissing my uneasy bowel on fourth date.
trash talking my sister behind her back
taking my puppy into a pet shop without a lead
You'd like to get a diploma in London, whatever profession, write what you have, and you can see what you have otonlinetovar.blogspot.com
having ripped sheets and sleeping with a silly doggo
HAD SEX with My AUNT (I'm not Happy with it) .... Now I'm Pretty F#ED UP... I'm ATTRACTED TO OLDER WOMEN NOW... I Don't know What to do
breaking into a stranger's bathroom
doing some... manscaping
destroying my parent's window.
fucking my brother's new suede leather couch
gave a customer employee training manual on accident
checking my cars engine
washing my dishes
saying thank you.
I fucked up a world record on the game TrackMania Nation Forever
accidentally making my partners cat obsessed with going outside.
taking a home seller at his word
I’m dumb
not ordering the new game
Am i getting screwed over?
wasting 205 dollars on the GRE exam.
eating nachos
not logging out of my google account on a work computer
trying to update a bios...on Windows.
sending my friend a message via the school website
sent nudes and got scammed
breaking a £35 million warship.
Scaring old ladies is wrong but can be fun.
pissing and shitting on my great grandfather’s grave.
muting the speaker's microphone on Skype
I accidentally stabbed myself through my toung into my gum
insisting on going to a sushi restaurant in New York
putting stickers on my debit card
telling my handicapped neighbor to stop using his wheelchair to get around his house.
crossdressing as a French Maid during school
not wearing safety glasses
chasing the wrong person at the airport
“Cleaned” small smudge on 4k 70-inch TV with Windex
stabbing myself in the knee with a display katana.
cutting myself off from ALL my friends.
trying to return from the kitchen in a fancy fashion
hosting a party for my ex
I shouldn’t have stayed up and accidentally heard my dad’s p*rn
unemployment
not realizing what high pressured shower heads mean.
telling my bf i was gender fluid
using Kermit spreading his ass memes
Relationship
practicing singing without knowing the window was open
ruining a hookup with a cougar on Tinder by an ill-timed conversation
stealing money from my best friend
trying to be an awesome wife!
having a thigh gap and going to first base with a toilet
By not closing the door whilst enjoying myself (repost, not OC)
practically insulting a native speaker
Head and Shoulders
remembering a post I saw here about a dude who accidentally used a razor on his tongue
cursing in german, to a german family.
killing my digital axolotl- one of my only comforts at this point in time.
cuddling with my elderly cat
TI:FU
having sex during what I thought was a muted Zoom meeting
laughing at a Jew joke in front of my girlfriends Jewish family
NSFW  breaking my roommates table
for possibly making my friend think I’m a paedophile
Scammed out of £600 as I thought I was buying Amazon Vouchers for my boss to give the staff as an incentive for their hard work during the Pandemic.
Song Choice
having food by my computer
dropping my dad's last gift to me in the toilet
Found a child trafficking ring selling
telling a customer I have a lot of junk in my trunk.
fucked my brother while in quarantine
Someone know how to get tinder gold for free? Lol
when I ruined my wife’s Zoom business meeting by barging into the room while singing the lyrics to “Reptar on Ice”.
giving someone a hug that they didn’t ask for.
backing up an ambulance into a patient’s house, with the patient in the back of the ambulance watching in horror
giving my dog zoomies
washing and tumble drying my watch
not knowing how heating works in a house
deep diving on a 7 year old AskReddit thread
humiliating myself in front of a district employee
causing a fight by letting my dog loose
singing at my work
Did Business with a Drug Seeking Karen
embarrassing myself at the dinner table
writing this because it wouldn't show up and having the most boring life possible
showing my mom a stranger’s nude photo
clogging the toilet in an Airbnb with no plunger with my new bf in the next room HELP ME
letting a guy feel my arm and chest.
while typing to post on
Manscaping for the first time
not knowing my co-worker died
trying to improve the looks of my penis
accidentally grabbing a client's butt.
calling my best friend's girlfriend the name of the girl he loved for years
the management of a local McD's schedule
I'm not a normie, don't shame me..
I sneezed at a store
TIF by trying to pretend to be in a movie
calling in “sick”
leaving my bright pink vibrator out on my bedside table, while the new management company walked through my entire apartment to inspect the unit
leaving my jizz pants in the cupboard one day too many.
saying the wrong name during sex
using the same disposable razor for 2 years
saying hi to my Grandma
Yee
telling an elder Karen I have cancer
turning in my job application, boasting that I’m smart and put all effort and wits into my work, and then walking out the damn in door instead of the out door.
losing a cat
paying a ransomware company.
throwing my fiance into a panic attack accidentally.
dancing naked in the mirror for years not realizing that the light goes through the curtains and casts a shadow for my whole neighborhood
being an idiot and making my mom feel like she did something wrong.
loudly saying "fuck" during a zoom meeting while unmuted
not double checking who I was texting.
Burning The Ever Loving Sh*t Out of My Labia
having diarrhoea and going to school
posting a picture of my dick online, my friend finding it and then having the best sex of my life
Did profile pic comm for free for a kid on xbox then got blocked before I could ask for him to credit me.
congratulating a woman on her misscariage.
speaking ill of my roommate out loud
buying a bunch of canned pineapple
eating a nacho
replaying the N-word loudly
watching a video on wechat.
when my wife was on an important phone call,
after getting high with my fianceéS
handing in an assignment late for college
Grabbing Cat Poop thinking it was peanut butter
going the wrong way in a 5k.
eating too many oranges
I fucked up and I am scared
convincing my in-laws I don’t wear underwear ... in our first conversation
jinxing my lucky streak and not getting out of my train in time and missing my next train to Venice.
I burned my pen*s
getting caught for wanking to doraemon
Spilling chemicals all over myself and having to go commando wearing someone else’s pants
I should have stayed home...
not realizing I had Amazon prime for the past 4 months.
ordering a dildo
looking at my poo
smacking my friend with cancer.
unknowningly binge drinking
Was an idiot and now I look I’m in the worst situation
eating a super hot wing from the depths of hell
I was searching for funny gifs, in text for sexy pickles. You know for a funny picture of a sexy pickle.
lost my buttplug in my ass while filming videos for my boyfriend and caught it on camera.
TMMFU ted bundy rather than al bundy
getting my tooth pulled out
accidentally ordering a pizza while I wanted spaghetti in front of my crush
having massive bean fart in coworkers face.
accidentally calling 911 for homework
not evacuating during a hurricane...and ending up in a shelter with stinky lions.
putting weed on the microwave
sliding over the hood of the wrong car
taking a shit at 4am.
shitting myself in traffic in front of my girlfriend and locking myself out of my building.
shaving my head for a sleep study
Dozing With a Nope Rope
making my mom believe we have paranormal activity in the house
picking my noise in the dark at 12 33 am
making a Black man think I was racist and afraid of him robbing me
sending an email that I shouldn’t have sent
I vacuumed my face and now I have ‘hickeys’
for crashing my parents car
learning hollandaise sauce and vanilla yogurt are very similar colors.
raping a spider to death
forgetting something in the shower
walking into my parents doing it
laughing at a Zoom corporate training thinking I was on mute. It was horrifying because my Director was attending and I laugh like a hyena. I think I died a minute when the instructor paused to ask 'Did someone laugh at me?'
throwing up in middle of restaurant
not getting a haircut.
not properly cleaning my Fleshlight
going on a shroom hunt for the first time.
accidentally sending a nude to all my friends and family.
cumming in a hooker without protection
Embarrassing a Fellow Redditor
getting my debit card locked because I wanted I wanted a happy ending...
sending my gf a sexual photo which she inadvertently showed to her mom.
Strong return of Errol Spence and defeat Danny Garcia
peaking in stupidity at work and convincing everyone that I lost my mind
How Covid impacted me so far.
Bb
accidentally calling my dog the wrong name for 3 years
starting a prank war with my boss.
showing the whole class my new girlfriends nudes.
running away from home.
Mommy! Guess what dad can do?
MEWAHBET
not checking if my little sister sat in the car or not.
Annoying dad
not double checking on my aging faulty car.
Not rlly a fuckup but still should read
killing $80,000 in rare fish, flooding my workplace, getting KO'd by a parrot and getting fired and sued
using a pop can to scrape ice off my windshield
because I've never cleaned my penis
posting here and getting it removed because of a rule I didn't know existed
flashing my dick at someone in the Walmart parking lot
shaving my hole
having sex with our new kitten in our bedroom.
being at the wrong place at the wrong time.
I need subscribers
threatening a guy with a pool cue
and some of my family and relatives saw my gf nudes on my phone
accidentally taking my pubes to the supermarket
leaving the porn tab opened
getting my hair cut and failing every final at my first semester of college
moving in with a roommate
not thinking of what I said
thinking Scott and Zack Snyder were the same person
writing "dieline" on my wrist
not looking at people when I talk to them
sneezing at the wrong time, in the wrong place.
shiting on the cover of my toilet seat
forgetting my OH wasnt in work
working too much and missing a shot with a cute girl, then getting a traffic ticket.
By not flushing the toilet paper and not know i’m supposed to my whole life
making a zit cake.
testing negative
giving my dog explosive diarrhea all day
not putting the box of candy's back right
having phone sex with a gf in highschool
meeting a deceptive tinder date at her house NFSW
letting my gf snowball me.
not getting someone's number after getting hit on
accepting a ride from unknown people
growing maggots in my classroom
Didn’t clean out my camera roll
snotting on my wife.
when my parents found my shrek porn art
I pooped a little bit in the bed I just had sex in.... AND POINTED TO THE FACT I DID SO
giving the FedEx guy an extended view of my junk, and then it got worse
running away when my crush admitted her feelings for me
Too lazy/busy to cook ends up costing me three years of my life
NSFW; took a whiff and passed out with concushion
making my mom reverse snort her drink and practically shoving a pepper up ky nose
traumatizing my daughter and niece while preparing dinner
becoming the joke of an entire clan
handing my unlocked phone to my bf’s 10-year old daughter. Where she somehow immediately found my sex toy app.
19f. I need some balls to step on . kik me @ msmarry00
having sex with Dolores Umbridge
celebrating after a minute's silence dedicated for MH370.
watching my burn barrel light...
asking a girl to clap
buying a new bedspread
I’m back! And dumber than ever.
developing the urge to take a dump every time I brush my teeth
ordering take out and forgetting to change the address
making jalapeno poppers sharing and iTunes account with my dad
jerking off with lotion for the first time In years
actually falling in deep shit.
When my father obtained my pee-pee papers from my Urination Yurt
pushing too hard while pooping and now I’m pretty sure I have a hemorrhoid.
smoking weed with a group of 4 strangers and got labeled as a rapist.
telling the head of my course that I (F) was uncomfortable spending my last class with the intern (late 30’s M) due to inappropriate comments and behaviour
telling the Dr I liked fentanyl.
texting my supervisor, “I want to have sex today.”
accidentally formatting my hard disk and losing 7 years of photographic memories
wasting away a month work of codes
plucking my pubes in rhe middle of a scorching night.
making myself look like a damn idiot in front of "industry professionals"
for accidentally getting drunk while babysitting my sisters kids.
finding a safe place to fart
eating magot infested brambles for 6 years
masterbating on the big screen in my room.
forgetting my cake day.
Pinching A Hemorrhoid Thinking It Was An Ingrown Hair
smearing my dogs shit into my nose
helping an old lady
Tipping? What's that? Oops...
sitting in my truck while waiting for pizza
running
not closing the windows shutters of my parent's vacation home after leaving it
telling a coworker that I dislike her after she offered to talk to me.
falling for a scammer (friend of a friend)
watching a video of a woman joining her dog on its dogbed......
trying to do a trick with a glass bottle, which ended up costing me $300.
sending a message to the wrong groupchat
calling my teacher a porn star
when I peed myself for the first time.
having my zippers open the whole day while roaming college.
pulling my balls hair
drinking my own urine
making my girlfriend think I cheat on her
playing My Chemical Romance on the drive home with my mom after my Grandma passed away
AirPods
catching a shark
offering a stick of gum
Flashed The Outside Thanks to my Mom
swallowing mouth wash
getting super drink and doing coke at a bar last night
not cleaning my VR headset and going on holiday
forgetting what pork smells like
being a patron
telling a widow to try tinder
putting hand sanitizer in my girlfriends butt.
delivering to the wrong apartment conplex
the time I accidentally contaminated a strip club with pepper spray
Housebreaking" My Puppy
getting a liberal arts degree and accruing insurmountable death
wearing panties on my head in public
accidentally bleaching my asshole.
accidentally editing a document on Google Classroom
not showering earlier
as my date was in an online meeting and I commented on her fuckboy colleague. Didn't know mic was on.
a workjerk on company WiFi
eating at Carl's Jr
eating right and exercising
maybe chromcasting some stepmom hentai to my parents room
making a booty-filled first impression on my professor
A
trying to unlock the bathroom door as a joke on a friend
being a kleptomaniac
Fast Food Ausualt (But Not) Share so R/slash can see
calling the cops on my Girlfriend's Dad/My Neighbor
making my mom walk in on me with a boner
Bluetoothing music to my girlfriend's car
watching my car roll backwards down the driveway on it's way to the corner light pole and fire hydrant.
soft resetting a shiny Treecko on Alpha Sapphire
getting breathed on moistly by a stranger at 2 am
casually letting a stranger take my phone
thinking I murdered myself with a dildo
almost pushing my mom off a cliff because of a joke and stress.
AI post generator!
Knocking myself out during a chess game
not fixing my tent door
wearing a stained shirt to the dry cleaners
not wearing a bra to the supermarket
marrying my mom.
revealing the truth about my friends to their kids
getting tiny little sharp shards of plastic composite in my eye and using eye washer (twice)
Blanked out at work. "Confessed" to theft and was forced to resign.
revealing to my (16f) friends that I’m on financial aid
in not canceling a subscription
driving my car into a bunch of firewood
losing 110lbs. and trying to verify my identity to prevent credit card fraud.
getting it on in my boyfriends parents room.
drinking milk
I ate fruit with worms in it
opening my husband's friend's dick pic
Today I fucked up by missing the toilet
leaving my house and forgetting to take my keys and then tried to parkour back in
accidentally catcalling women
uploading some girl's photo into a facebook group comment.
buying pizza at lunch
manscaping with a scissor
mixing water in my dad's wine
complementing my mailman
Today, I told my straight best friend that I’d fallen in love with him
revising my resume
giving the wrong number to girl I met
OTTAWA EAVESTROUGHING SERVICES Eavestroughing Also known as gutters or rainware, eavestroughs are a simple yet effective architectural application that helps with whisking rainwater and melting snow away from siding and foundation, it can wash away anything that would otherwise damage
ripping my boyfriend's penis
making a guy think I was road raging
being a Nazi
slowly poisoning my self
having Burger King
forgetting to take care of my basic necessities
betting my entire savings on a football game
missing every single hint from a girl for almost a year.
obsessing about my mother's toes and trying to get her to a doctor
adding Vicks to the bathtub
This is really minute compared to what I've seen but it actually happened today.
strangling my bf
loosing everything I need to function
drinking bacon grease water
clicking an add on Tinder
unintentionally inviting an old man to grope me.
treating a peptic ulcer with Ibuprofen
scaring a fellow runner
asking my boyfriend about marriage which resulted in him breaking up with me like a Shakespearean???
scaring a lady at the restaurant washroom.
calling a guy a nonce because I thought it meant ‘nonsense’
watching Dirty Dancing with my girlfriend while she’s drunk.
almost having sex with my wife for the third time in three days
feeding paper towels to an adding machine/printing calculator that I'm supposed to return in a few days and got them stuck inside.
having a TP system
submitting a screenshot assignment
popping my clit
trying to prank my older brother
breaking into my own house in front of my new neighbours
messaging the wrong family group chat.
accidentally texting my very conservative in-laws “BIDEN WON!!!!” in part because I’m an idiot and in part because of Apple’s new update.
wearing my expensive sunglasses in a windstorm
I nearly got caught watching porn by my dad
telling somebody I love that all lives matter to me (I am black)
getting a tooth extracted while tripping.
leaving my work laptop where my four year old could get to it
slingshotting my man juice all over my room while my new girlfriend watched
eating a chocolate coin still wrapped in foil
telling my son there was a fictional being called the Pecker Snatcher who steal his junk if he didn't put it away.
downloading 30gigs of images onto my phone.
my (now I realise) precious little butt
calling a Lieutenant Commander a Chief
sending nudes in a group chat
rejecting a known gang member
I wish I hadn't let a good friend slip away
brain farting in a restaurant on a first date
beating my meat so damn hard
rage quitting forever
Gf had some serious vomiting and i went to fetch some water.
I broke my nose today by bouncing it off.....
taking $40 worth of brand-new poster frames at work and throwing them directly in the garbage.
playing twister with the boys at 5 am
talking about my opinions about abortion to my very religious parents
months ago, realizing just now) by throwing away a piece of furniture that had all of my original Pokemon gameboy games inside
I just submitted my application to grad school with the wrong personal statement.
eating ants...like, alot of ants.
accidentally getting my dick sucked by a guy (I’m straight).
forgetting Reddit exists.
over medicating
cutting my thumb off in an attempt to save money. going out with a little boy
sneaking out to TP a house
Rickrolling my teacher
The attic incident!
making coffee for the CEO and the entire executive team
walking into a VP's office without getting his attention first
UPDATE] Yeah I'm that chick that lost a tampon inside her body for a couple months.
when I sneezed while sitting on the toilet.
I said to my dad “Ok boomer”
underestimating my nephew
getting a blood nose in public during Covid-19
opening the trunk of my car
merry christmas ya filthy animal
While sneezing when using the toilet in the middle of the night.
holding in a sneeze and accidentally exploded my vocal chords.
exposing my son and myself to my wife's business partners and clients.
having sex for the first time in little more than a year and not even liking it
plugging in my laptop, getting a one in a million shot to the face
gettinf banned on my main account for 3 days
Date caught me drunkenly stood up to pee - never heard from him again.
letting my brother hear an inappropriate video
Do it for you, for me! Together!
stubbornly holding onto a speeding tube and losing my swimtrunks.
posting a WhatsApp status of my bikini photos
cumming into my coat sleeve.
having sex with my gf while her parents were asleep NSFW
flashing an innocent Walmart shopper in the parking lot
popping a bag in the hallway of my school.
What kind of quests can I send my players on to start up the forge of spells again?
accidentally ghosting the girl of my dreams
almost dying. Im pretty sure sucking dick saved my life though.
I peed on my girlfriend and laptop and both are damaged.
almost "dislocating" my fiancée's uterus.
being an impatient weed addict
LPT:  saying my grandma didn’t like my sisters friend, while she was on the phone with said friend.
letting my man finger me after he ate Taco Bell with diablo sauce
washing my pants
crying in front of a packed bus after thinking that I’d been kidnapped by Bosnians.
fisting the other campers and the counselors at my day camp
Misreading today's date
trying to make new friends at a Comedy Show... (tw: social anxiety cringe)
ordering not one, but three adult items, getting next-day delivery without realizing, and then silently watching as my dad placed them next to me.
MENS NAIR BURNED MY NIPPLES!
subscribing to some random girl's "Only Fans"
trying to make a credit card payment
Saying My Cat's Name During Foreplay
taking pre-workout at 5PM
finally realizing my wife has tricked me for months.
crying in class
jumping out a window and trying to start a fight.
telling a cop that I smoke weed
RETURNING AN OLD GOPRO GIVEN TO ME
getting a ladder out for work
not seeing the signs that she has been into me all along.
showing off phone case saying the wrong words at the very beginning of a first date
meeting my identical twin
telling my friend about my groping fantasy
eating my wife out after eating spicy hot wings and sending her to the ER
accidentally feeding my dog a dirty dildo
asking for shoes on my size
renting from sketchy ppl
but more my whole family fu
sending a picture of my husband's penis to his and my family
JEW ARE FUCKING ASSHOLES
bleeding all over my sisters bed letting the guy I like look through my phone before clearing my search history
getting trapped in a cemetery.
letting my cousin see my bfs messages
Smelled my Fart Underwater
letting a homeless lady sit on me
not knowing that we could just have our cams off in online class
kidnapping the neighbor's cat
giving oral sex to married man I met on Grindr
running over my cello with a car- twice.
throwing out a plastic bag with my finished lunch wrappers inside.
showing my cousins a fully naked picture of me
sending a weird nude pic to a female friend (I’m a male student)
botching a promposal rap in a Scooby Doo costume at halftime of a basketball game
girlfriend’s partner-controlled vibrator fell out during dinner with coworkers
renting a bouncy castle for my birthday
falling down
Hey hi iam a new youtuber and iam not seeing any growth on it someone please help me.
scaring the wrong coworker for a prank
telling my sister I hate her fiancée of two days
telling my wife that I'm diabetic.. at a very inappropriate moment
going on a date with a teenager
carelessly joking about abuse and forgetting that my girlfriend was in an abusive relationship
I dislocated my pinky knuckle around 2 years ago, ive been ignoring it since.
My boyfriend fell asleep on pizza
forgetting to put a guard on the grooming clippers when trimming my dog’s face.
mods here fucking suck!
posting a picture of my closeted ass with a Lesbian filter around my face
lifting a nappy the wrong way.
curling my hair.
Emergency Shitting in the Women's Restroom
By Trying to Revitalize My Cleaning Wipes
I found my 8 year wiping his face off with my cum rag.
building a high-end gaming PC
thinking she was cheating on me with her cousin
getting kicked out in the middle of quarantine
asking my paranoid uncle to get me a vinyl
my porn habits
accidentally having a bottle explosion in the kitchen because of a stupid Facebook lifehack video...
trying to shake my roommates‘ hands through my pant zipper.
letting myself go this far.
drinking an expired Five Hour Energy.
washing my son’s favorite toy
hurting my arm with my new bow
causing 16,302.20 dollars worth of damages to my knee
ignoring abdomen pain for several days
telling my mom I’m drunk and getting hit on by a gay man and a ‘Crispin Glover’ like dude
Quick Academic Help
making a sarcastic remark.
I called a Lieutenant Commander a Chief
asking a physical therapy technician to add me on Snapchat over the phone.
tricking my friend into getting drunk so I can win a bet
GF named my Nintendo account after an adult website
not keeping my dog on the leash
declining to go to my aunt’s for Christmas dinner.
not emptying my cats littter tray....
creating maggot heaven
leaving a frying pan with oil on my stove TO BURN!
waxing my tween daughter's eyebrows - and removing half of one
telling a bad joke in 4th grade
not realizing I have a foreskin during sex resulting in the worst hook-up ever
trying to blow an impressive fart.
recording a video on my husband's phone
Please help me fix this rent issue
naming my dog Tucker
accidentally leaving my NUVA ring in the shower. My mom thought it was a hair tie
I may have just stolen my friend's girlfriend.
forgetting how ADHD works
trying to make my wife happy
entering one of those surveys on store receipts!
Encountering a Woman with 7 Chihuahuas
turning my camera on instead of mic
needing air
my eye
putting glue on a random seat.
flushing the toilet at 5 am
Slept with my ex who is in a relationship
drunk cooking with spicy stuff
watching porn in the bathroom
accidentally breaking a letter on a school computer
not asking a girl for her number
burning my cousins finger
when i tell my dad i'm bisexual
Accidently bought 999 Chromecasts
almost needing to make a poop knife
voluntarily getting pulled over
waiting for the train with explosive diarrhea
Cat spilled coffee over work laptop and I didn’t back up any files
glueing my vagina
visiting my crush on NYE
naming my vibrator Billy
I cut the cord
Mom found "Special" toothbrush
I think I’m going my drug test is going to come back positive.
The S10+ that my parents had bought my had broke...
asking a friend to hang out after Shark Week was over
having my bluetooth connected
telling my friend that her dead boyfriend didn't try hard enough to live
complaining about a coworker, then finding out an hour later he's been promoted over me.
lying to my best friend
spitting onto my phone
when my manager found out we call him dad/daddy
Committing Immoral Stuffs For Being A Shy Pooper
playing something on Netflix being on zoom meeting
sharting big time at work on a psych ward watching rugby final.
killing my pc and laptop
sending my girlfriend a meme
getting expelled in a time period of two weeks.
making an omelette
flushing my dead fish down the toilet
never really looking at my leg
mushrooms before work
trying to be stay healthy
cake day
When I
getting a SWAT team sent to my friends house.
forgetting I took a screenshot of backup codes for 2-factor authentication
watching a clip of Tucker Carlson from his “show.”
booking time off to go to a friend's surprise birthday party
big time by pissing. You read that right, pissing.
8YAIFU by leaving a real Christmas tree in my apartment until May.
calling myself right in 2nd period history class
I mortified my Moroccan host family by showing a vid of me shooting guns
Tried to have sex with my girlfriend, it didn't end well (NSFW)
going for a walk on the local family path
discovering a feature on my Bose QuietComfort headphones.
sending my dad a topless pic
My crush spilled everything I told her
asking my father-in-law to shower with me
mocking the church in front of my pastor
accidentally torturing and raping my girlfriend
mistakenly calling my HR manager's cousin Aang from Avatar
asking a friend if she liked me
not helping someone who I horribly bullied as a kid. (Long)
throwing a tantrum
consoling my boyfriend too much
accidentally sending an email to my co-worker
pinching my boob in a tool
forgetting my book
drilling holes in my two front teeth
ignoring blood in my stool until reading another that scared me.
taking the backroads
leaving out toys after a late night session in my parents house
demanding my assigned seat on the red-eye flight from LA to Boston and insulting a war hero
unknowingly enabling my niece who was in prison for kidnapping/ beating his ex
not reading labels ...
bleeding from over masturbating.
posting a porn link in my company's google doc
projectile vomiting on a first date
blasting porn through my speakers and probably the whole house.
saying “good luck” to my job after quitting.
sending my crush a message that I should not have
leaving my phone on a moving car
abruptly ending a phone interview.
overdrinking
sharing a flat with a baker in Edinburgh
using an emogi in serious stuff.
accidentally hacking a neighbor's bluetooth speaker
accidentally calling my mom's boss an off-brand Dr. Phil
airdropping my brother my boyfriend’s dick pics
posting my story on reddit and having it read by my parents
lighting a firework which malfunctioned
misinterpreting someone at work and responding to a dog call
getting psoriasis
telling my teacher "happy birthday"
submitting my assignment a few seconds late
listening to an old man.
using a script to destroy the script
f19 looking for fun and trade nudes kik me @ mcrry00
my penis falling out of my shorts during a game of twister and my step daughter not hesitating to put it in her mouth
doing le cummy cummy sex sex sex ass balls
trying to alleviate my girlfriend's back pain
fangirling over a celebrity family
not using makeup as it was intended
sending a pic of penis when asked for a normal pic
contacting my friend on the wrong email for four years
letting my grandmother ruin my relationship
for making dog biscuits for my husband
adding orange oil to my bath and getting chemical burns everywhere
opening niche scalie pornography in full view of my classmates and professor
using the Cristian God's name in vain
forgetting to wear a pad to the grocery store.
being so hungover, I got outta bed and stood in a basin of my own vomit.
I f**ked up by getting a “candy cane cut”
Check before you send.
pooping after cleaning my toilet.
attempting a high five in the restroom.
breaking my dick
talking someone out of committing suicide.
adopting my older friend
trying to cancel Amazon Prime
wacking off on a Company Video Call
not looking at the medication I took and sneezing wrong
accidentally breaking my cat's paw
making some after hours adjustments
buying the wrong motherboard.
jokingly telling my brother there might be msg in his wontons.
saying “titty” during a game of Heads Up with my girlfriend’s family
doing tummy time in my living room
Unintentionally Coming off as an Internet Stalker
while making dinner
not knowing what a real massage entailed
adding orange oil to my bath and getting chemical burns everywhere M
leaving 2 week old porn open.
ordering steak and chips
not making someones pizza the same consistency as my boss dose.
taking the back roads in New Hampshire during a snow storm
joiking with a classmate about a treath against our school
stroking a kitten.
i am embarrassed and ashamed
when I drank too much pure whiskey
shitting up the bathroom wall.
impulsively getting my tongue pierced the day before my last day of work.
giving myself s hickey at the worst possibke moment.
browsing instagram in the openspace
writing a letter to my teacher saying I was a serial killer.
farting in front of my roomie’s GF.
insinuating to my cashier that I have COVID-19
when i used walgreens photos
letting my wife and her sister get to me
breaking a TV with a plunger
being financially incompetent
not taking my cell phone to the bathroom in a mostly empty building.
taking too much concerta, packing up my whole life, and going to an amusement park
threatening the Queen in front of her security.
telling my wife I have a porn addiction, telling her I have seen things I shouldn't and ruining my own birthday...
having intercourse with the wrong woman
being late to a musical performance
showing my host father a video
unleashing a nasty “fart” thinking my boyfriend was asleep
telling my friend to follow me on Reddit
Calling My Pastor A Bitch
I got drunk and separated from my friends and someone robbed me
turning off my gag reflex
looking for relatable subreddits while sitting with my dad
being late to work cause I went in a bush
sending a note in my daughter lunch box
Webcam girl
I got bathroom coupons banned from my school which ultimately got a teacher fired who supported me.
letting my dad use the bathroom
hand stuck
thinking if anti=bad that pro=good and giving myself severe "tummy troubles" for the greater part of the year.
Teaching my 4 year old the Touching Butt's Game.
having my boyfriend meet my best guy friend and his new girlfriend
telling an obviously confused old man to press the fire alarm button. telling my friend to go watch 'Boku no Pico'
pretending to be a hippy girl and almost causing an arrest
breaking quarantine and having a hawk fly through my windshield
getting into a relationship with a girl whos the daughter of a man who was involved in my dads murder
trying to wax my own brows
I dont know what to do
falling off a slide
A potential hookup at the gym.
drinking poison
telling school staff I need a penis
Because I took a crap job
Pretty depressing moment in life right now just need advice
surprising Dad for father's day. Very late.
coming off as cocky in an online interview.
saying the F slur in an argument
wearing my Teletubbies pajamas during class + bonus story
shaving my nuts without a guard on the blade.
lowkey ruining my best friend's shot at his crush
letting my friend see my phone notes
sending a FILTHY message to my ex instead of my gf
rolling a joint in my room
conditioning myself to crush mosquitos
getting clickbaited from fake posts here!
telling my friends how to find the clitoris
making an idiotic comment to insult my little sister's boyfriend and got slapped in the face by him for it
going to a late Halloweenparty
scratching my balls after cooking with chili
trying not to waste a diaper
cheering for when my bestfriends girlfriend tells him her mom has cancer.
accidentally saying “take a shit” out loud in front of the teacher.
having big boobs
accidentally bumping heads with my girlfriend
trying to make banana bread at home
I thought I got my sister pregnant...
allowing my classmate to dispose of evidence from my period.
not knowing my limits and being “that guy” in the group, self-awareness be damned.
starting my middle age rap career and ending my contractor gig.
visiting my friends during a pandemic
not knowing what “shooting blanks” meant
turning my stove on
A week and a half ago (not today) I called Giorno from Jojo’s bizarre adventure daddy, for context I have not seen the show so I didn’t know he was a teenager. My friends instantly pointed it out to me and I almost died
having Cheerios and grape juice for breakfast
missing a hint not buying Mario Kart 8
sending my female boss porn
having sex with a potato.
Why did my post get instantly taken down by mod?
burning my dick making pizza
while trimming my lady garden (NSFW).
almost getting thrown into Immigration Prison for not having my Visa with me nsfw
cutting my dick
listening to a song multiple times
ruining my daughters birthday party.
buying lootboxes
helping my mom clean the garage and finding out about my genitals history
trying to disrupt my neighbor's neverending, top of her lungs, all night debauchery
sharing the Safety Gaps in our team to the Lead Auditor himself
making a fork explode
eating broken glass.
making a chain of events that outed my BF to his parents
virtually snorting splash on cologne
updating to big sur
having hash and throwing up over my boyfriend's arm at the train station
listening to a sex podcast
poisoning myself with energy drinks and spending a month in the hospital.
telling a joke about stealing police officers guns
going to the antinatalism subreddit
trusting a fart while on a date
trying to be a hero and save a couple of hatched chicks nesting in my ceiling
Accidently tripped acid with my exs mom
calling Domino’s driver “mom”.
doing an ancestry DNA test
doing xanax
letting a random kid at the park walk with me
emergency evacuating my colon in the women's restroom
asking my crush out.
watching VR porn
playing bong roulette and nearly drowning in my own mouth
digging through my moms stuff
being accidentally a little too hot, causing a mishap with my female friend.
falling down the stairs and winding myself on the banister. Now I smell like leeks
Being a love sick fool
realizing I had been banging my ex-Gf's mom and causing a family rift
singing “My Corona (parody of Sharona” while on a conference call regarding COVID-19 with my regional president on call.
getting attacked by a dog
calling my friend's mom from his phone.
exposing my Indian mother to rebirthing and pregnancy fetish.
inadvertently showing my new sex toy to my roommate
TDIFU By Thinking MY Car Was in Reverse.
deleting my bosses emails
accidentally panic buying 40 packs of the spiciest instant ramen on the planet without reading the description.
being a bad cyclist twice today
using face wash lotion to jerk off.
mistaking spray paint for toilet cleaner
having an ALDI employee put his hand in my wet bag
acting like an idiot in front of my crush
using a precious family heirloom to take drugs for months.
mixing too many types of booze and having sex in public with my tinder dates roommate.
Sex toy in a bin bag, spooks mother and dog...
leaving a superglue dropper on my Car’s dashboard
swearing in class while everyone was in silence.
getting naked in a room of strangers
going on Reddit immediately after having sex
telling my teacher I have lots of sex
posting on a local Facebook community about being uncomfortable with a DPD delivery man trying to open my door.
while taking a shit.
accidently ripping my internet cable out of my laptop .
I fucked up while running
not caring about my health and nearly fucking dying I think
not turning on the light on my basement
Suspended rest of school year
making a hotel reservation
using alcohol on a cotton pad to remove superglue.
thinking my sick friend hated me
accidentally angering my boss
trying to be funny.
costing company lots of money
washing my Apple Pencil with the laundry
TAFU Not only did Australia use AIDS in their vaccine which flopped miserably...
bragging about a coworker's achievement
putting my GF on speaker
browsing Reddit in the library without noticing that my headphones had disconnected
losing 78 division in Hearts of Iron 4
turning my bathroom into a crime scene while trying to remove foot calluses
Taking a swim
hotboxing the bathroom right before the service people showed up to fix said bathroom.
going to a job interview...with my dress unzipped
committing to my New Years resolution
I accidentally gamed
when the bugspray went pssssss
giving myself the weirdest fake tan ever
accidentally stealing a customer’s car keys
not swallowing my Husband's semen and pulling out while he was nearing, he aimed the face, but it got into my eyes specifically, making my eyes red and irritating, for the past one day nearly.
being a total glutton and an idiot on St. Patrick’s Day
doing something nice and looking like a simp
a little bit by trying to drink some water.
almost removing my hoodie in class
shouting f u to a whole class
getting tricked into badmouthing some acquaintances and I regret it.
spanking the monkey while my apartment complex was on fire
making a joke about getting a shitty blowjob from my SIL post-sex.
using a post on r/nosleep as my assignment
not making sure the urinal at work was connected to any kind of draining system...
jumping in to my sisters bed...
almost drowning to save $10
causing my mom to herniate a disk
trying to microwave popcorn without watching it.
trying to talk dirty in bed to my wife.
sending nude to a fraud and realizing it
getting angy over a cereal box
having sex with an Afghan Translators wife in base.
accidentally downloading a 10 hour version of the thomas the tank engine theme
telling that I didn't like the CR(Class Representative)in University.
shouting at an old man who was pissing in my front garden
Today I fucked up by make a yard aid think a 4th grader sucks dick
trying to drink my coffee.
getting drunk and seeing my brothers roommate drop some shit at John's
smashing a cockroach on my chest
pissing myself in a gas station bathroom
catching the flu (hopefully)
being a good sister
sending my crush a fleshlight
applying toothpaste on my clit, after reading an answer on ask Redditwhen i danced with dumbbells in my hand
watching porn while still on Discord....
picking a fight with cabbage and capsaicin.
trying to cast my phone to TV
cursing my people to be ugly by giving them revolting Grey Skin and Red Eyes because i went against the wishes off my dead husband.
just trying to do my job...
costing my dream job.
Walking
coming home from work
because I had a self induced Panic Attack 5 minutes into Black Friday. (NSFW)
having sex with my new girlfriend on her brand new white sheets
being a horny mofo and putting my credit card infos online
browsing reddit at my kids' doctor appointment
calling my girlfriends brother a waste of carbon
making everyone online think I am from Finland
reacting to my teasing gf while thinking a call with my boss was done
using my own toilet
sending a dickpic to my gf
drinking straight from the teapot
committing mass genocide
fighting over with my friend about her StepMother literally
telling my friend there is a rumor he sexually assaulted a female friend
locking myself out in the dumbest way possible
wearing "Shit Happens" on a T-Shirt as the organist at a funeral.
ghosting for a month during family reunion planning, and then green lighting dates without checking the work vacation schedule
dislocating my knee.
TIFUpdate - A story about beans.
“Marie Komodo-ing” my room.
forgetting about a used condom I left in my bag
getting a 400 dollar bill from the library
scrapping my pants on the bus
feeding my gf's dogs my cum
telling my sister “no”
forgetting that home security exists at my girlfriend’s house
staying up all night with my sister.
A little parp
unknowingly calling my professor a dumbass on Zoom
Grabbing Only Broth
calling my niece an ugly baby.
letting my brother close the damn door.
telling my parents that I like cum in my tum when i was younger
My upbringing turned me into a narcissist and I hurt a girl I really loved and don't think she's coming back, I don't know what I was thinking
completely making up a weird story when drunk approaching my friend at the coffee shop and inquiring about his dog.
falling for an Instagram prank
playing music before my shower
traipsing around campus in a tattered ass-cape on a vengeful mission to find my clothes.
crying so hard my mom thought I broke every bone in my body
making myself a soda bomb
That time I almost murdered a dragon..
trying to be cute
letting my phone overheat and send out an SOS to my emergency contacts causing my dad to phone the Coastguard
my computer completely
completely disregarding my dream job
I tried...
It's amazing ! You may get 200$ Amazon gift card for free by clicking this link
buying $300 worth of marscapone cheese
having the sex and cum
being seen naked by my landlords
accidentally cumming on my sister.
asking my boyfriend why he didn't flush the toilet.
yelling at my neighbor for throwing trash into his own yard
not realizing where my mirror would reflect
misgendering my potential soon-to-be-boss.
cutting off my tip
asking my mother for sex, then almost dying.
not making more than one trip
making my 3YO think she would have to stay at school FOREVER when she turnes 4.
with a table mounted grinder wheel.
telling my SO that people drink raw eggs
and now I can't go out in the sun.
for faking my grandmama’s death.
exposing to my boss my naughty piercings.
leaving a floating King Kong’s finger.
grabbing someones boob accidentally
Today I fucked up by letting the life insurance guy see my lady bits
not logging off my Reddit NSFW account
being a choosing beggar with bathrooms.
sharing a onlyfans link to my online lecture
Please help me
accidentally drinking from an ashtray.
letting police search my room
scaring my mailman
leaving a bright pink dildo and a coupon that said “Time to play dirty!” out on my bed
Today I Fucked up by asking my Friend's Dad if I could sit in his Hummer
responding to a female client you go tit instead of you got it
burning my girl down there...
breaking my friends backbag at school (im retarded)
pulling out a grey nose hair
Fingering a Girl to Blood While Having a Devils Threesome
sending it
broswing through memes while attending an online speech competition
texting my date that I might end up marrying him seconds after we ended our date
going down on my wife.
really last Friday IFU by getting drunk hosting an open mic comedy show + shame spiral
being too friendly to neighbors kids
Dirtiest talk Ever...
eating the devil's chicken.
sending pictures to my teacher.
peeing on the floor in FRONT of a public bathroom
letting my sister enter a bookmark contest and got her called racist
falling asleep on the sofa.
discovering a dead mouse under my fridge!
AT 14 years old
not being cynical/paranoid enough
eating the spiciest pickle ever
pretending to be a girl on omegle
Broke my glass table pretending to bowl
Having an Allergic Reaction in My Vagina
and had to be cut free
when I realized today that I've basically been an Incel for years now
having a minor inconvenience while doing a sexy sex
asking a friend to send someone my nude
accidentally appearing to be an hatchet wielding murderer.
insulting someone on r/RateMe because I read it as r/RoastMe
accusing my friend for stealing from me
not knowing how much to tip tour guides in Australia
making a totally inapropriate joke to a depressed kid
breaking my TV by playing the Wii
ruining my surprise 18th birthday party
letting someone use my card to pay for their Netflix for months!
touching my student’s muffin
letting my girlfriend give me head
shooting our dog
not getting my boyfriend a present for his 42nd birthday and posting it on Reddit
sh*tting myself in my car
taking a shit in nature
breaking my sister's bed
marking the mestrual cycle of a co-worker in my schedule
high fiving my friend at a memorial service
playing with a puppy
having a drinking problem
running my car into my bosses car in the parking lot
having a slip of tongue during a talk on ‘gender equality and women’s rights’
I forgot to bring my mask to the grocery store.
taking laxatives at Disney World
smoking in the house
falling 20 feet.
I had my trousers zipper open and had no underwear underneath, I‘m embarrassed.
somehow mistaking a groupchat in the GroupMe app for my private Instagram
accidentally having the first pack of Trojans I ever bought be found... by my Mormon mom.
Shooting a Kid in the Nuts
oversleeping and not picking up my stepdaughter at school.
throwing my shirt towards my blinds
I masturbated to Big Chungus and my parents found out.
bleeding from using father's condom while masturbating.
pissing on myself at work
dreaming I was chewing gum, but it was really my earplugs
for not filming the most trusting moment in my life
having a coke-baby
Unprotected sex in Thailand
Today I fucked up by fainting on a first date.
Just fucked up

I told my wife I don't miss her
making top ramen
ignoring the unusual warmth of a fart...
casting spotify to neighbors TV
Showing everyone in work my boiling dildos.
being set up with someone I actually liked for the first time
eating edibles instead of taking antidepressants and missing my midterm exam.
bring my brothers dog to my house.
telling a guy I'd rather die than date him.
Started training for half marathon again and my brain is in a fog. Just bought airline tickets for the wrong dates
buying my Mom an erotic birthday card
thinking I needed to fart.
jokingly giving my wife a gift to "spice things up"
going to my mothers bedroom to be greeted with something I didn't expect.
How I came off as racist because I ordered a pizza.
letting my family know one of my kinks
wasting my beer
replying “You too,” to “Happy birthday.”
driving at the wrong side of the road with a bike
Treating my mother-in-law to anal threesome audio.
giving 50 to a customer without properly checking with her “claim” but my God sent coworkers saved my ass
lighting a joint
for playing the Soviet Anthem on the 4th of July
a minor dance move ruined date night!
accidentally starving one of our cats for a year
being awful at retorts
playing the roll of a redneck racist
having anal sex in the dark.
listing our sauces instead of our drinks
trying to send my sister flowers.
hallucinating I was a droid
telling my parents I called out of work
writing “Mamma” next to the word Joe on a school whiteboard.
setting my exes pussy on fire.
"hooking up" with my roommate.
eating spicy food after being sick and dropping a tactical nuke
accidentally sending my overly-conservative, religious mother a direct link to BestGore.com.
accidentally sending my crush a power rangers sticker over Facebook
having a Freudian slip while someone recounted their near death experience to me
TIFY by opening the blinds
accidentally telling a beautiful girl that I had been castrated
thinking I was friendlier with my boss than I actually am.
Got a HUGE speeding ticket in my Mum’s car
giving a nickname to a girl in my class and almost getting expelled
using peppermint oil
sending a gif of naked Disney characters to my boss
I fucked up by peeing on my crush's couch while sleeping
copy pasting NSFW text in my presentation slide
writing my password in a facebook comment and leaving it there for three weeks
answering a videocall nude.
i would appreciate help
buying my boyfriends t-shirts
reading the of the guy reading the about Bob Ross being dead to my girlfriend
saying “Just a lil something for you guys ;)”
my 10yo little sister finding my vibrator NSFW
watching Harry Potter and the Order of Phoenix
Putting Sanitizer On My Sack...
thinking my clit behaved like a ballpoint pen.
procrastinating and therefor wasting 1000€ of my parents moneyGet a $50 Dunkin Donuts Gift Card
my stepmom found my crossdressing bag 😐
telling my boss I was sick with fever when actually I just had minor pooping issue
telling my girlfriend that her purchase of a replacement macbook pro camera was bad
crash the whole schools internet, security cameras, etc.
helping my friend bust a nut in our chemistry teacher’s hand sanitizer
not turning the baby monitor off.
sending my grandma a meme
plugging my car in over night
eating expired sprinkles.
Wait.. Please don’t tell me that’s her..
Buy Negative TrustPilot Reviews - Buy Bad TrustPilot Reviews
explosively shitting in front of my future manager and coworkers
while upgrading to ios14
my first cousin
Today I f up by posting a fake skit
spilling water over my school book
forgetting to select 'Only Me' when posting on Strava.
creating a “rat infestation”
NSFW] by not noticing a huge dingleberry in my pants before hooking up with a chick
I entered an older man’s car
A guy with mental disabilities scared my dog and my dog scared him back
Tossing a Broken Doll That Was Evidently Supposed to be Broken.
spilling tea all over my laptop
deciding to be with my ex again and now two interlope clans are having an argument about this.
winking to a guy in my gym.
googling how people with lazy eyes see.
being very high at the death of my grandmother
helping an old lady in the Pharmacy and subsequently making her vomit.
cleaning my appendectomy scar... Just now
NSFW  Having Sex My Whole Family Could Hear
accidentally (yes, legitimately accidentally) giving a female coworker a glimpse of my dick pic
Today (years ago) I F'ed up by yanking my teacher's skirt down.
someone is running bitcoin giveaway scam under name of SpaceX Live. 17K were watching and 63K subs to that channel
accidentally kicking myself in the balls.
going to the without glasses.
(possibly) causing my friend to become a pedophile (NSFW?)
because my car radio connected to my bluetooth and displayed the kind of porn I watch on my secure folder app NSFW
assuming someone was talking about my ~special place~
driving my car with my big toe causing me to need an operation
kissing my boyfriend before I left for work
never learning how to adult properly
wiping my own "product" on my face
playing with legos
jacking off with a Dr. Pepper Can
cutting my boyfriends hair
setting my kitchen on fire
making Parmesan Crisps
using baby powder on my privates before going for a fall jog.
face planting in front of my crush
jerking off with peppermint oil
Chief Software Engineer] Stood up against not well-mannered, ego-centric “micro-manager” and I got fired
misunderstanding the meaning of a nickname
not using a carrier bag.
I put petrol in my diesel car.
I broke my GF's ear drum
being unmuted
trying to put bubble gum in my asshole while in the bathtub
watching a video of a woman joining her dog on its bed and trying it myself with my 30kg lab...
playing loud and rather vulgar music while my mom was home.
joining a live youtube concert by my brothers high school band under the name gee spot.
I fucked an sn95 mustang when i was 12
deleting all of my steam files
หนูเล็ก ก่อนบ่ายฯ แชร์ประสบการณ์ลูกชายกินไก่ทอดแล้วผื่นขึ้นเต็มตัว
emailing my boss
using a racial slur during a best man speech.
intensely staring at a cadavers penis for 20 minutes straight during a human anatomy exam
being an accidental racist
almost entering the wrong apartment
filling up a guys tire and losing my job.
getting high before math tutoring
so I made my teacher cry and I feel really bad
saying the first thing that came to mind
Telling My Girlfriend I'm Infertile
not check which credit card my amazon had as default
farting in a weird postion
taking a plane to meet a online friend
hiding improvised dildos (banana, cucumber and eggplant) to be discovered by my family.
fapping while constipated on my toilet
using a sack of rice as a weights for my home workout
got home from dentist, decided to mix weed and tylenol 3
almost killing a baby
I added a scorpion pepper to my pho.
telling her I like her without asking her out
letting my horniness get the best of me and messaging a stranger on facebook. Never ever thought I'd be stupid enough to end up here but yet here I am
making lighthearted incestual joke about my uncle and aunt (my father younger siblings) that caused fight between my father and uncle
lying to my partner about a payment
using the disabled bathroom when I'm not disabled
having nudes on my school laptop
texting my vacationing neighbor our neighborhood got ransacked by rioters.
miss-dialing my appliance warranty number on speaker-phone
outing my friend's sister to my friend because of my obsession with grammar
accidentally ejaculating on poop
I burned the carpet and floor in trying to finish a spell
exaggerating to pick up a bottle of pills from the floor
Throwback to one of the biggest fuck up of all time
when I quit my job and everything else
showing my mom my Tinder bio and accidentally outing myself.
opening the front door
thinking someone named their character Chickpeas.
cleaning my D at work
sending my dad my nudes on Father's Day
asking my choir teacher what “sink of patience” means
not understanding the level of depravity underlying reddit.
eating Tres Leches for Thanksgiving Dinner
not realizing my chairs height was adjustable and destroying my back for 4 years
sending a cruel message to my partner
seeing my dad's dick-pic
shipping something directly to my mom rather than sending it myself.
driving too fast and killing a helpless pet
TIFUpdate: sharing my experience on a scam service
giving myself another sports related injury while being treated for a sports related injury
taking a crappy job
being complacent
talking about sexy burping.
making my Dad think I was having gay sex with my cousin NSFW
asking the exact question I said you never ask.
fishing my vape from the toilet bowl
spending too much time on WSB.
not cleaning my apartment
I could have died electrocuted and now I don't have electricity in my apartment
losing my closest friend
I think she wants sex
almost killing a couple people
forgetting to change the salutation of a query letter.
addressing a resume and cover letter to a potential employer's competitor
not pooping before driving for doordash
Showing my cat the laser pointer
unconsciously fapping while asleep beside my girl friend
reading about the story about the home nurse
flushing the toilet after an early morning pee.
asking my P.E teacher to show us how to do a pushup.
accidentally looking at a CBT video
giving my guinea pig a bath
having a politically charged conversation with someone on Reddit using my “alt” account
asking what was the last thing someone said to their dead mother
failing my Calculus 2 Final Exam
using cheap toilet paper to wipe for the past few days. NSFW
listening to quarrel of divorced couple
filling my taxes wrong and not tellying anyone
playing Kesha's smash hit "Die Young" at a children's cancer event
eating too many spicy noodles, then holdinf the aftermath in
locking myself in a bathroom.
Biofreeze
being nice to my dog
getting a semi in front of a class of children i teach
joining a housewarming party with no gift
accidentally washing my flush cutter with my laundry.
telling a Girl I love you after the first date
making fun of someone with dwarfism for being short.
saying the N word to an entirly BAME office.
Lost my keys and couldn't send my mom a present.
I followed up on a tweet and now reddit won't stop sending me graphic notifications and emails about people's hemorrhoids.
convincing a girl I liked that I was GOD and getting sent to the Principal's office
locking both my keys in my running car.
taking a light-hearted joke seriously trying to take a poopie at work and ending up passed out on the bathroom floor surrounded by managers
asking my husband if we could incorporate BDSM into our sex life. NSFW
crashed my brand new car against a wall
telling my gf’s sister and boyfriend that she blows me.
traumatizing a student with special needs
getting sick and stranded in the woods in the middle of a pandemic
Forgetting a paper was due and thought I would get away by turning in a corrupted file as a research paper.
volunteering to do a bride's makeup
getting drunk at a birthday party and let two guys suck my boobs while passed out
calling a guy out for clogging the gym toilets
telling my mom how I masturbate
using descriptive titles
sending very NSFW pics and vids of me to my best friend
farting in a crowded trolley TL;DR
not delivering the sour cream sauce
Taking Sleeping Pills
trying to volunteer at a well known organization
By talking myself out of my first date since corona hit. Idiotic.
accidentally saying I love you to a guy I’ve been seeing
not listening to the doctor before my vasectomy.
thirsting in a big time rapper’s dm and he screenshotted my texts and I lost all of my friends and my dignity
when I let my boyfriend finger me after eating jalapeños
almost flooding my powder room with feces-contaminated water from the *sink* nsfw
forgetting my wallet at my dads house
forgetting to include the apartment number in my address for an Amazon order.
realising I should've done a sport when I was younger
losing a dildo
calling my girlfriend big chungus and now she’s mad
accidentally setting fire to the dog.
dropping too many F bombs
having hot tub sex
helping my friend come out of the closet
forgetting I took an edible and going to Walmart
Today I really fricked up
losing a job offer
thinking I was a hero
accidentally breaking my ex’s garage door
showing my bloodied balls to my church group
uninstalling reddit
almost ending a mans marriage by shaving my balls with a straight razor.
doing handstands without acknowledging the Quarentine 15....
peepin on me peein
not knowing that my grandpa now has a stay-at-home nurse (possible NSFW)
not using toothpaste
bringing my electric bike to the gym
scolding a wrong person.
blacking our at a music festival and probably destroying the best relationship in my life (slightly nsfw)
working out &amp; getting dog shit on my face
naming my child after a Beatles song
telling my friend to say hello to her recently dead grandmother
watching porn at a family party.
pissing all over my girlfriends bathroom
referring to myself as “Mr. Poopy”
missing the toilet bowl when I pissed
shitting myself during my break at work
eating potato chips with a child
drying my hair
accidentally typing a XXX URL in the address bar at work
cooking and exercising
being a Good Samaritan. NOT pissing in my boyfriend's car
doing the sexy sex???? Sex
attempting to scare my brother and getting the scare of my life.
trading oral favors from a single mom in exchange for rent.
reading a about someone not cleaning their belly button for 15 years and deciding to check mine
drawing a dick. drawing a dick.
bu texting my dad instead of my boyfriend about drugs
having a threesome with my (now ex) girlfriend and my ex-girlfriend.
masturbating too hard and triggering a femoral hernia
Please don't make fun of me.
my dog pulling her lead out of my hand
1st time drunk
not feeding the cat soon enough...
not spending enough time with my dad before he died.
making a moaning sound during a Zoom call not understanding how to order at a sushi restaurant and eating to an absurd degree of excess.
almost knocking myself out on the toilet
being too open with a retail employee
sending this accidental text to my biggest client
making a "racist" reference to The Office US and getting fired
My car is a fucking snitch.
administering a Fit Test to a co-worker
having a manic episode in front of my boss
rearranging my room and nearly killing myself by consequence
Flamin Hot
being a horny prick
not looking in the bath before i got in.
letting my children watch Avatar: The Last Airbender
Hydraulic hacked off
not clicking this https://youtu.be/6LvlG2dTQKg do it.
When I destroyed all my offline personal data.
Locked myself out of my in-laws’ house and ended up sleeping in my car in the middle of winter
educating the younger generation
creating an organization that has grown out of hand.
wearing my night guard
Well, This Is What I Get For Jaywalking!
sending my housemate her first ever dick pic
going fishing with a friend
I got drunk and took edibles and made my pregnant wife climb through the living room window.0
telling my wife I didn't find black people attractive while she was doing blackface.
burning my chest
Bad timing
letting a student think I'm racist
ordering cheese online
being oblivious as all hell to flirting, despite being a grown ass adult
copying my old mp3s and photos to a new hard drive
opening chrome on my phone
Be Acting Like an Idiot in Front of My Sister's Family
on appstore comment
rushing my post-shower moisturizing routine
calling my kids a bunch of neckbeards
startling a cat
drinking codeine.
accidentally ending an email for my teacher with a vulgar phrase
I broke my banjo string (3 times i always wait a week than go into action)
proramming a game which will never be seen by anyone.
TIFUpdate : Hitting my pinky made me poop
saying I love her after the first kiss
getting hard off my friends foot during class.
browsing r/
accidentally opening my front camera during recorded online class
for taking photos while drowsy
looking for justice
having my EX find out I'm dating his friend.
assuming a vehicle was following me on two separate occasions when in fact it wasn't.
thinking a cute store clerk wanted my number
I accidentally sent an email to my teacher saying “F You” during a lesson
telling an employee to write "a haiku"
Accidentally Linking the wrong thing in a conversation about Comic Book depictions of Women...
thinking this subreddit's rules apply to everyone
letting my gr give oral and getting puked on
embarassing myself for a full day and creating a terrible first impression with my masters supervisor
smearing period blood all over his newly painted walls, furniture and him
telling friend dying of cancer to stay healthy
having sex with my girlfriend in my parents bed and snapping it in half
Financial advisor
liking my teacher's Facebook photos by mistake and getting called out by her
ordering clothes to ex-girlfriend's deceased mother
joining some shady dude and getting the hell away
giving 4x the necessary medication TO THE WRONG CAT
saying the wrong Tommy's name in class.
thinking that biker lanes went in both directions
allowing my friend to make me a fursona
embarrassing myself in front of class including my crush
accidentally playing the moan audio at full volume on a plane
because I accidentally bought a butt plug
leaving my son's dirty diaper in his crib
letting my hybrid's starter battery die from disuse.
getting my account banned.
insinuating that I like my older sister more than my middle sister because she has bigger tits.
watching an instagram video
telling a load of kids Santa isn’t real on a zoom call
joining this sub.
because I DIDN'T REALIZE THE PHOTOS I TAKE ARE SHARED WITH GOOGLE PHOTOS.
TODAY I GOT MY FIRST SEMEN
watching Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2. NSFW.
not paying attention to what razor I used
I spoke badly with my brother
destroying my parents brand-new central-air ac unit.
keeping my fanfiction and my textbooks on the same device.
Cleaning My Shower Drain For the First Time
watchinfg Derry Girls
I gave an elderly woman the wrong pills
and I’m too ashamed even admit what I did.
saying my grandma didn’t like my sisters friend while she was on the phone with said friend.
not checking which amazon account I was logged into...
flipping off my couch like an idiot and landing on my hardwood floor. Ow.
using an emogi to say "I'm sorry" in serious stuff.
eating so much ham I thought I had covid.
being the stereotypical woman driving, actually even worse. My bf and his coworkers were laughing their asses off at my driving, also i had no clue where i was driving but at least i was going somewhere
trying to tell my husband who was in a movie we were watching.
finding out my crush is 19 years old.
Knowing that my brother in law can't handle strong weed and still letting him hit a dab of the strongest shit i've ever encountered...
thinking I muted myself and turned my camera off on Zoom
somehow getting poison ivy on my balls.
drinking oil
asking wrong question on a job interview
Today I Fucked Up by leaning on a car I thought was my mother-in-laws (MIL).
eating some seemingly harmless rice
giving My dog treats
A Kindergarten Melodrama
forgetting my bedroom door doesnt close itself
exposing myself to teenagers on a nude beach
giving pleasure
meal prepping.
streaming porn in Discord without knowing
Sticky Situation NSFW
watering my aloe vera
getting drinks with my coworkers on my 21st
trying to feed the homeless.
Testing My Saw With My Finger. OUCH
exploring a little too deep into my friend's phone
moving a child's arm
drunk thinking a "mr. Clean" magic eraser was a reg. sponge and gave myself a chemical burn on the face.
getting myself immortalized in a $5,600 painting
taking pick up line advice from Elon Musk
using a email my dad had access to when signing up to pornhub
degloving the tip of my cat's tail on Zoom.
The worst canoe trip in human history
destroying a patient’s urethra
sniffing loudly in class.
falling for an April fools joke from 2014
overdoing a simple project
falling for a trap
going broke because I couldn't cum.
almost burning my hotel room down by toaster
telling a racist joke and getting blocked by my crush of 5 years
aspirating Mountain Dew
fireworks (kinda Gorey)
telling a customer to mind their manners
showing my plumber my bum
being a complete ass
falling off the treadmill, hitting my head, and nearly dying (this time updated with pictures and more detail!)
subtly hinting towards my crush that I’d be down for furry sex in front of his friends
sounding racist as fuck
sending an innocent picture to brother's gf
telling a friend what it means when a pet gets sent to the farms
telling my father there was a boy "massaging"my thigh in the middle of class
going to the store while still recovering (NSFW)
taking a piss
making my partners penis eject blood!
showering before a gynecologist exam
unmuting a Zoom call right when I died in a game
giving myself an impromptu at-home colon cleanse
bringing coronavirus to Sarasota
sending a dick picture to my bank
I havent slept for 40 hours and this happened
giving a homeless man a home and making him homeless again
making my fence poll bend with my car
asking my husband a question that I guess I wasn't ready for the possible answer to.
grabbing my name tag and getting fired
finding worms in my mouth
Just Now Logging onto Reddit on my PC
trying to share my culture with my host family
peeing on the toilet seat lid
putting my drink down.
punching my TV
forgetting Canada has it's own Internet domains
thinking I was the god of lovemaking
trying to do the best bowling throw in my life
telling this person I just met about this kid at school who I hate because he’s transphobic and I’m trans and not realising that that kid was him
By making homemade hot sauce and in the process of cleanup teargassing my family.
deleting photos off an old iPhone
forgetting the basic safety rules of woodworking.  **Possible GORE alert!!**
eating a literal pound of garlic
volleying gluten free food under a table at a wedding.
sanitizing my cock and balls
I spilled coffee over my friend's wall
convincing myself to be brave on Valentine's day
naming the vibrator my bf bought me Fabritzio
meeting up for drinks with schoolmates, only to then learn than one of them is a potential CoVid case, putting my elderly neighbours at serious risk.
My Diabetes Catching Up To Me
eating pizza at work with a secret ingredient
Eeboo jigsaw puzzles.
making myself throw up
forgetting a girl is disabled
blasting "Fuck Donald Trump" on my conservative parents' home speaker
mixing coffee and grape juice.
a LOT... (Pepperspray)
running the roomba unsupervised with a puppy at home to enjoy lovely poop streaks in the hall
telling a job interviewer they "just missed me" over the phone
farting after anal
not me, but my friend
falling like handsome Squidward across half a crowded movie theater
emailing a girl from tinder.
because I told mum to not touch everything
hitting on a guy who I thought was winking at me
going the wrong way.
matching a name to the wrong face on a pizza order and subsequently became a racist.
scream-singing a Tiktok song
calling my doctor for some anti itch cream.
slicing my arm open with a sword
READ ALL PLEASE! &lt;3
giving away the last item my grandmother had sewn for my daughter before she passed.
eating pizza NSFW
Sleep deprivation makes me stupid.
having a haircutOpen Letter to Steve Huffman and the Board of Directors of Reddit, Inc– If you believe in standing up to hate and supporting black lives, you need to act
getting drunk by myself in my bedroom
inhaling my own semen
letting my grandma watch porn in my room
Forgetting to spell a specific word.
making 6 rolls of tp disappear
Gave my coworker microdoses got fired
having a bath in a hotel room
showing the world, and my sister, my battle penis
Creepy question to dental assistant
yelling at my dying grandmother over the phone
realising that I have been fucking up for more than 5 years.
remembering something
pissing my work and future away
giving my dog a bath
Accidentally Implying to My Crush I Want to Have Sex While Talking About Minecraft
spilling a Gallon (3.785 L) of Dawn Dish Detergent in my Car
myself by stepping outside my house at Night
calling in sick
reading this post advocating a genocide of autistic people.
nearly killing myself because I didn’t want someone to spot my back squats
accidentally flirting with my 2nd Cousin
hiring a friends son to be an authorized reseller for my company.
screwing up a friendship
cutting up a turkey
asking reddit what to do with my overly spicy salsa
making my family think I am into Child Porn and my father was ready to turn me in
I Broke the mug my girlfriend gave me for our first Christmas
looking up porn on a school computer by accident and the whole class seeing
assuming I was an “ important friend”
losing an argument to an antivax family member
getting stuck in wedding dress
when my gf and I live-streamed us having sex to my family
fucking up my moms car in the snow
dropping my beats in the toilet
I learned that pizza falls
letting my cat put his ass near my keyboard
going for a walk to clear my head and then ended up getting brought home in a police car
Accidentally deleted my first c++ game: tic-tac-toe
supporting a terrible post
I had bottom surgery yesterday. Everything went great and now I'm finally done with the whole transitioning phase of being trans. Even bought myself a support shark to help me recover.
probably being mistaken for a meth head in a Walgreens
FUCKED AT THE SHOPPING MALL
cleaning my shoe with my trousers
my driving lesson
Meeting the wrong Tinder date
trying to snap a photo of a full moon on a beautiful Spain night
going on a ride with the bike after a long break
leaving my bedroom door ajar
letting dad into the house
realizing how rich I actually am.
talking smack about a job I applied for to their recruiter.
grabbing the wrong bottle and Chucking it at my friend
clearing my throat
but thinking a coyote was a dog that needed rescuing....
misgendering a trans girl and (i think) giving her an anxiety attack
Almost Giving My Cat a Heart Attack.
locking my keys in my car twice in one night.
Found Out Today I Deliberately Caused a Major Traffic Accident!
getting my ass destroyed by moths
TIFI by indulging in some wasabi peas two days before Thanksgiving.
showing my crush/beat friend my PC log
I fucked up but it is not my fault
swapping dry shampoo for spray deodorant
helping my gfs Aunt connecting her bluetooth earphones
slipping over
Reddit is shit
teamkilling the hostage in Rainbow Six Siege and getting a 7 day ban
thinking toothpaste was a facial cleanser
being an idiot NSFW
I let the loudest and longest fart in a public restroom with 20 other guys
buying a $10 brownie and losing $40,000
going letting sending my friend my assignment
showing my professor a picture of my dick
forgetting about time zones and missing my mech exam
eating beef jerky.
weeping at the hairdressers
Eating My Own Cum and Giving Myself and Angry Dragon
drinking my own piss.
accidentally wearing a 'Who needs drugs? No seriously, i have drugs' shirt to a memorial for a dead addict.
getting caught naked by my uncle
invading somebody’s home and spraying half a can of Lysol everywhere
Displayed NSFW at my new job (bank) by accident making everyone at the NYE party miss the ball drop
telling someone at the veterinary hospital they had a cute dog.
the worst ever cinema date ever
causing a big drama getting lost with a stranger, losing my phone and my dignity in the process
cockblocking myself because i'm a big mouthed idiot. A caring idiot, but still an idiot.
always wanting to beat other people in everything.
buying my 5 year old son a bedsheet with condoms on it
turning my sisters stuffed animal (crocodile) blue
Scaring my neighbor to death
I accidentally touched my teachers butt
using too much soap to wash my hands
and left her hanging- How do I fix it?
when I ruined a widows day
accidentally smuggling a weed pipe into Singapore
introducing my brother to Minecraft
laughing at my kid’s cuss words.
not turning the lights on in the kitchen
leaving Pornhub open
speaking another woman's name in my sleep
The Jewelry MallDog call
not putting the portal remote in the portal box
letting my girlfriend rub me with body lotion
not bringing a net or clippers fishing and swearing in front of my friends family
accidentally getting super high while studying
walking across town to see the woman I've been interested in
making myself look like a creep
pooping and puking on the floor at a birthday party, then leave.
asking my dad if i masturbated
getting caught failing nnn
telling my husband to "put his thighs between my head."
accidentally formating my harddrive with whole life's worth data
trying to beat my dick at my gfs house home alone
for bringing my Gameboy to Petsmart
me and my sister being Dumba** and hungry.
getting a bit too energetic during sex
nearly ruining my vacation photos
trying to curl up my hair
asymptomatically contracting the virus and passing it onto my brother
spraying toilet water in my mouth
tying my shoe
NSFW In my rush I forgot to clean up properly
taking a dump near a parking lot
burning down my couch and making every one living in my building hate me
hooking a fish too deep.
making a April Fools joke. Drinking My Coffee and Trusting My Family
my brother when he sold my pup to an old man
almost abandoning my little brother
taking presurgical instructions too literally
writing a gay erotica story about my friends for revenge
leaving discord open and showing my dad gay furry porn
getting on the wrong train
leaving my dorm room door open while having my boyfriend over
Almost Burning My House Down
and agreed to work on New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day
pulling out too quickly and then farting (nsfw)
(accidentally) almost impaling my ass with a mechanical pencil.
going to lunch, while my switched block took place
Getting Caught "Reading" a Naughty Book in a Religious Class
posting a story in
I ate my moms vibrator
I accidentally called out a girl having a period
I f*rted at the wrong time!
getting too into a meme and now my mom probably thinks I’m a kinky freak
almost killing my roommates brother
confessing my love for a fictional character
leaving the door ajar with dog still inside
spanking the monkey before a shower
checking a girl out
dislocating my 16 month old daughter when I tried to prevent her from tripping
Telling My Sister I Needed To Go To the Thrift Store.
shitposting
Signing a Contract to Purchase a Pedophile's House
not listening to my dentist
I made a sudcidal joke under a test
drinking 13 shots of espresso before school
when my little sister(slightly younger) found my(20) fleshlight
Sleep Sex
I made the mistake of turning my brother’s homework
sticking my bare feet out when I thought my girlfriend walked into the bedroom
trying to console my sister over her weight
being late to work cause I pissed in a bush
causing my coworker to fall on her butt
Today I fudged up by accidentally coming out to my childhood friend
misunderstanding a message while drunk and accidentally hurting the feelings of a girl I like
accidentally dropping a cat treat in between my legs while wearing thin trousers
telling a customer that we should stay positive
By letting my cousin play fortnite
and got arrested snapping the brake pedal of my car
sending my friend memes
holding on my dad's arm and telling him 'I love apple juice'
By Shitting Myself as a Grown Man
referencing the Office, and it getting mistaken for racism
I didnt know he was unmuted in class
making my boyfriend poop himself
smoking and betting on UFC
throwing dog poo
fainting and therefore showing my cheat 'sheets' on Chemistry exam.
dropping my 2 yr old son into the toilet
TIFUUpdate: Yesterday I accidentally unmuted myself and my work colleagues heard me have a very personal financial conversation.
my mon find a dildo in my room.
messing with my mom's phone and ruining her birthday
and toon crickets to work
trying to dirty talk with my husband NSFW!!!
helping a friend look for his keys
emotionally suicide bombing my relationship with my in-laws.
trying to cut my pubes and cutting one of my balls
getting frostbite on the tip of my dick.
not checking my resume before sending it out
almost getting hypothermia from craving doughnuts.
Have you ever seen a post that wasn't about sex?
What did i say.
getting a mattress delivered
hanging out with my 12 year old cousin
getting snowed in after being a bootycall.
purchasing an indecent product online... and accidentally sending it to my neighbor
having sex in a hot tub and almost dying
Update: Where Macy is now after I ruined her birthday party
going to a party with my friends.
because I needed a new smart thermostat but instead got a 7ft Zelda scroll
watching porn while on Discord.
playing a stupid game with my girlfriend.
taking 2 sleeping pills before going to work
letting my neighbor's dog run away
not turning the child lock on the microwave on.
Pimple juice in her mouth
texting someones girlfriend
sexting publicly on zoom messages.
Backed into my in laws dog
Hungry for human touch, I caved
not hiding my discord status whilst playing a raunchy game.
letting my gf feel like she's not important to me
A Whoops by a learning driver...
letting my dog outside.
Unknowingly said a bad joke about friends dead mother
trusting my alarm app
locking my keys in my car on our second date
No Identification card = y/n flight?
using my IPad as a name tag while having AirDrop on
getting my girlfriend's dog hit by a car
posting negative personnel info from an Exec into the all-employees chat. Plus my flirtatious asides.
being a horny, bisexual piece of shit
picking up a book at the library
losing to my gamble problem
loosing $10,000
telling an online court to eat ass.
Accidental Sex F (20) M (23). Seriously. WTF?!?
eating three ears of corn for lunch
Today I fucked up by waving at a fellow driver
accidentally showing my innocent roommate a picture of my butthole
not knowing what good riddance means
how do you handle an explosive partner
conversing with an anti-vaxxer
watching live porn for the very first time
asking my best friends (jokingly) if they had lesbian sex
shaving incorrectly
not getting rid of the mouse my cat bought in.
thinking the clog in my metal straw was Metamucil powder...
taking “revenge” on my father, and ended up severely depressing him.
grabbing my mother in law’s butt and then throwing my wife on the floor
and bought a book
Picked up more than a package
forgetfully not telling my Muslim friend/roommate that the ramen broth was pork and NOT vegetarian.
trying to give a revenge fart but shitting the bed instead, resulting in massive diarrhea, ruined sheets and a stained my dads memory foam bed.
becoming a walking dead
B
making a joke about poison while being admitted in a hospital
LOSING MY PLAYSTATION ACCOUNT
stabbing myself in the head with a fork
cumming in my sister
accidentally calling the fire department to a crematorium
having s*x at a university bathroom
By answering my phone and assuming it would mute by background apps...
i told my mom my brother was going to lose his virginity to me
running into a friend at a funeral
making a DeviantArt account 3 years ago under my chosen name, and using the same name on another website
pissing all over the floor at work
using the bidet and flash flooding my bathroom
telling my parents I have my dog amazing blowjobs.
Set a timer on my neighbor’s Alexa
trying to open someone's car with a latch while he was behind me
sleeping in Tabasco
Journaled all my emotions after a breakup in the chat with my now-ex, with no intention to ever send. Then I sent it.
play-fighting with my dog
I thought I was totally right about an email I sent. I was totally wrong.
Anti-squirrel juice made me cry
almost accidentally killing myself in the shower and soaking the whole bathroom floor
It’s my cake day
I(14M) got caught having sex with my (idk anymore, gf?) (14F) *please read and try to understand*
singing music an octave higher than normal my whole life
Destroying my new setup in blind rage
playing magnetic darts
throwing up and now my mom wants me to quit wrestling.
WATCHING SCARY MOVIE ON TACO NIGHT!!
drinking 4 cups of coffee, Hot Chocolate and a Milkshake before going on a date
laughing hysterically in front of my teacher because of two flies.
falling for bullshit i should have smelt light years away
I was just mowing the lawn.
peeing all over the floor
asking for AirPods Pro for my bday
not checking the street before leaving with the dogs and getting bitten in my leg by multiple dogs.
Everyone in my school thinks I’m Gay.
sending my mom sexy gifs
exposing myself to scary, and creepy images as a child
telling a nice old man his days were numbered
giving my ex’s mother my address
not closing the drapes..Howdy neighbor..
talking about a porn star to high school kids.
when I called a girl a cow and didn’t apologize
hearing that my step dad might want a divorce
Anyone regret insisted on saving your loved one who had a severe hemorrhagic stroke?
for not knowing my ex brother-in-law sexuality
Accidentally Getting High at Work and Landing in the ER
thinking a fart was just a fart.
managing to cum for the first time, slapping my ass so hard it left blisters and then exposing my nudes to two of my guy friends.
Got myself a Urine Facial
Gme stocks
leaving my mic on after a group project
turning my pee and poop green and freaking out
Haha epic sex time
looking up my school bully
misreading the time of the exam
realizing my turtles have been watching me have sex for a year
hearing about Kobe and flooding my kitchen
trying to climax
Showing What Underwear Elsa Wears To Toddlers
having my zipper undone during a job interview.
throwing a stone at a street dog
Accidentally Hitting my Aunt in the Face with a Baseball
scratching up my scar.
trying to have sex with my girlfriend while needing to poop really bad.
not letting my cat outside Telling My Friend A Joke
sending out a wishlist with “kinky” on it to my whole family forgetting it's September
getting scammed on Reddit
while calling the facilities services of my university to complain about a plumbing problem in men's washroom and forgot the word for urinal.
not telling my friend about my sisters covid test
sending a racist joke to a girl I've been talking to
got caught watching pornhub by GF with my dick in hand
reaching second base with my mom.
conditioning myself with YouTube
creating a WMD in my bedroom
naming a folder on my mom's laptop
accepting a distant family members Facebook Friend Request. As I was scrolling down her page a large caption read “ if you had to marry your SO where you met them at, where would you marry them at?”And she posted the following text: I am speechless
cutting my foot open
being inappropriate
trying to play music during sex
injuring someone's loved one *topic warning
making an accidental bioterror threat on 4chan
taking a laxative and Imodium
smoking too much pot (it was my first time)
wanting to eat healthily
TIFH by mistake a bra for a tattoo.
Pissed off or on?
yelling at my girlfriend about my problems and making her cry.
telling my girlfriend how I actually met her.
waking up with an erection in front of my uncle
picking up prescriptions after dinner
not being on mute.
eating a shit ton of chilli nuts, then masturbating and using my spit as lube.
running Yandere Simulator on my dads old computer.
losing a butt plug
spanking my daughter
spitting on my friend while whistling
almost killing my best friend
messaging a guy who literally ghosted me two times
saying my cousin is nosy and annoying in front of his daughter
ruining my chance for a scholarship
asking my mom what our doctors official title was
trying to do the earwax candle thing with my GF
not fully putting on the salt lid during lunch rush
taking a laxative and anti-diarrhea pill
buy eating half a bag of sugar free candies
getting distracted while making popcorn
By sending in a corrupted file on purpose.
trying to interact with a barista while accidentally stoned
Withdrawing cash from ATM, forgot to take cash.
just a test
not proof reading my messages.
turning on the oven
using super cheap toilet paper. Ever So Slightly NSFW
forgetting about our new puppy
not washing my hands
losing the credit card my old issued to pay me with.
riding the train
reading
telling my girlfriend and her visiting friend that Chester Bennington killed himself.
lying to my girlfriend without a reason
not listening in a zoom class
not being situationally aware
giving my hubby a BJ during sex
drinking contaminated water
yelling at an old lady.
in a public bathroom
buying an Xbox One S
I made my teacher cry by trying to comfort a classmate
fucking a buttplug up my GF's ass
thinking I could handle a very potent edible
accidentally launching a fingernail in my eye
accidentally spendong almost $100 on tinder
snorting shaving cream.
getting my car keyed...
when relocating a groundhog.
calling my FBI agent father at 3:30 AM while stoned out of my mind
saying the n word on a bridge while I try to shoot someone
Pretending To Be The Police
not fully reading the sauce placard.
almost getting my parents arrested in the airport because I said "no" when asked if they were my parents.
jerking to hard and making my dick bleed
falling for a scam and losing 20 thousand dollers
Catnapped neighbor’s cat
bragging about my cat not ever attacking my face
thinking I would treat my son with crab legs for dinner
ordering an obscene amount of chicken nuggets for my (now ex) boyfriend.
pranking my wife of 23 years on her birthday
jumping in front of a car coming out of a gas station
forgetting to mute myself in my zoom class
when I used a trencher and caught to irrigation pipes
posting a insensitive picture in my Snapchat story and possibly ruining my chances for my dream job
The home page of google analytics shows users and not page views
being curious and shaving my butt
Wishing my Tutor a Good Holiday
I accidentally had my dick out on trivia night.
writing non genuine suicide notes on my textbook and then giving the textbook to my friend.
cleaning in my underwear
trying to crack my neck
scrolling NSFW posts while drinking my coffee
I Shouted About Hitler's Suicide in Class
not getting the hint
having my (22m) gf (21f) park on the side street
playing the song Two Trucks when meeting my mom's new boyfriend and his kids for the first time.
getting so drunk I was two places at once
trying to make myself orgasm and instead I peed myself. not understanding a telephone.
t
(Gross) Going To Victoria's Secret With An Upset Stomach
growing fungus in my bathroom
TIFUAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
fighting with my sisters and loosing out on having one of the biggest gaming consoles of its time.
letting my friend pick the place for her first time getting a professional massage
dropping my chickens because my they can’t keep still
giving my ELA teacher "syphilis"
asking for an "OwO" mask
forgetting dogs need water
thinking I was pregnant after drinking beet juice
having my dick bit by a horse
Bathroom Embarrassment
That one time I accidentally urinated inside a mosque
masturbating during a prayer meeting
sticking my hand in my pants to check if I shit myself.
using a bot command on Discord.
confusing wax paper with parchment paper
not paying attention to which language I was understanding.
parking improperly and stinking up my car
googling the wrong thing
on my way into the Chamber of Secrets
thinking i was going to get a blow job
for drinking too much water
pissing off both my conservative anti-vax aunt as well as my SJW mom over Zoom expressing a fact-based opinion and getting banned from r/news. and now its trending?
causing my coworker to painfully fall on her butt
GoGo
giving my fiance an overdose of laxatives
abandoning my brother in law
Buying something only before looking at reviews)
THINKING I forgot my calculator and missing a semester final because of it
paying 80 dollars for an online class
talking to the police.
sassing my HR in front of the whole team
what kind of bank?
asking "what's your favorite sound" in /aslReddit instead of /AskReddit
having to visit the emergency room because I wanted to pull an allnighter on wow.
trying to replace the batteries in a vibrator
talking to a Lesbian on Omegle
calling the cops on my neighbor for breaking into her own home.
getting the flu shot, ending up in the hospital
not breathing properly for 19 years
enjoying a nice bowl of oatmeal
a gay spray tan wedding disaster
By getting being someones only friend, but I don't care bout them
A kid a used to bully is not the most attractive man ever
begging drummer's sister in law to give our record to an executive at her job who proceeded to fire her ...
accidentally cutting my thumb with a knife
lighting my friends hair on fire with a firework
Don’t trust your desktops formatting for emails, always use the website.
throwing up from the balcony of my penthouse
buying concert tickets to a venue 1200 miles away
misgendering my cat
Fell into a Painting: if you've ever wondered what happens if you rip something in a museum: this is what happens
forgetting to delete a certain tab off my phone...
having dinner at my girlfriend's house.
Can we change the name to Time I Fucked up instead of Today I fucked up.
leaving my go bag in plain sight.
carrying my cum rag across the country
procrastinating unclogging a toilet
laughing at a meme on Facebook
asking the interviewer if they drug test. I don't even take drugs
twisting my ankle and finishing in my GFs eye.
getting my boyfriends moms name tattooed on my back.
moving rotting wood without gloves
permanent damage to my eyes
getting trapped in my boyfriend’s butt
and im prolly goin to jail
making Lemon Bars
shaving
eating way too much edibles
deciding to try a hand at repairing my jetski on my own, and ending up floating out in the middle of a massive lake in the fading darkness
telling a racist joke at walmart.
having too much coffee and anxiety
almost getting caught vandalizing state park property
Today my wife left
sitting on the toilet for just a BIT too long
I moved back home due to Corona virus and now I'm going to fail my college classes.
giving my boyfriend a blowjob during a sexy bathNSFW) Decided to have a shag in the bath and basically waxed my inner thigh with my own cum...
Today I Fucked Up By:
eating shit and then being redpilled O_o
kicking my adoptive brother's dog
missing my own university graduation
having a panic attack because I thought I was having a stroke.
being accepted for a small business loan.
accidentally flashing a bag of drugs in front of my friend's mom
Drinking 2 Monsters Before Finals and Finding Out That I Might Have a Heart Problem.
Engaging In Medical Tourism
Four leads out didn't mean what I thought it did
finding stuff behind me daughter's ear
By trusting my scheming cousins and getting taped to a tree leaving my room door unlock!
giving myself an enema
ruining Christmas for my wife and I
Doing the coke and mentos thing in a stupid way
not looking behind me before talking mad shit
borrowing something from my brother while he was in jail
spanking my ass on a FaceTime call with my foreign grandma
trying to eat chocolate
flooding a 7/11 with cherry slurpee
going into the woods behind my house with my phone on 20%.
not standing my ground when I said I didn't want to go to Thanksgiving dinner.
slapping an unknown guy in the ass
going to my Boyfriend's house.
failing at packing for college
breaking my school computer
vacuuming tinsel and setting my vacuum on fire
having sex with my gf after swimming
buying a masturbator
smoking heating lube.
doing coke.
listening to my dad
My father's epic fart story
Bad reference
sleeping through a work meeting right after a conversation about it
losing my wallet twice in one month.
getting caught taking a photo of a guy working on my neighbours roof
Today I fucked up by acidentally shipping someone with their EX
accidentally fed magpies exlax.
having an accident then attacking my owners.
Is this site selling homewreckers, or debasing them?
eating a whole bag of flaming hot cheetos at 2 am
being almost successful in my suicide
and might lose my job.
making a YouTube Video
committing genocide
being a perfectly perfect boyfriend and not punch my girlfriend in the face
telling a coworker that a pumpkin spice latte needed to be whipped
being careless with an expensive piece of equipment
Scrolling Through this Subreddit!!
squirting finger juice
using a filter bottle
joining my gf's family group text
ignoring the huge spider on my floor
eating chocolate at midnight
eating homemade Chile Verde
telling a WWII joke to a Jewish family
Today I fucked up by making tea.
accidentally deleting a ton of files off my friend's laptop permanently
checking out a girls ass
Asked about three branches of gov. Responded with "Federal"
standing near a group of kids
flipping off a van driver at midnight, nearly getting myself kidnapped
getting locked out of my restaurant
Bothering a friend
telling two women coworkers I have a date with my hand tonight buying my GF flowered on Valentine's day
I AM GRAND WIZARD MAN BORN LEADER OF THE KU KU KLAN
messed up my first and probably only threesome and probably some single guys night (Long)
marrying a man I met online and moving to US to be his wife
walking into my sons room while he was masterbating with an artificial vagina.
taking a liquid seat in the bus
telling a not very close friend sometimes my suicidal thoughts are so bad I think about killing my family first so they won’t suffer for losing me and accidentally freaking the fuck out of her.
calling a lady old to her face
confusing Lays Fiery Habanero for Doritos Fiery Habanero chips.
buying half life games
I told a blind man "May we see each other again" and I just know that this is gonna keep me awake at night for years
being stucked for 15minutes in my gf while her whole family standing next to our bed
scaring away an 'intruder'
accidentally telling my bf's family we are having sex
jokingly putting inappropriate logo on Zoom background and getting interrogated by teachers
letting my dog lick a corn cob
Dyed my mouth black by accident
punching my husband in the jaw.
Having to open my birthday present from my best friend in front of his dad: spoiler, it was a dildo
Today I fucked up by not eating before a bloodtest.
picking a movie for my drunk gf
Leaving My Husband A Dirty Note
showing my friends how to "fart"
getting my lips stuck to Darth Vader
leaving my brothers home by themselves...
texting the WRONG person
screaming “OH, GAY” during sex.
I got permabanned from r/unpopularopinion 5 minutes after I posted my first and only post there
Phone number
telling my grandma to have fun while out of town
showing my cat to stream
destroying a 30,000 member subreddit.
giving house keys out to my family
sending my future roommate porn
accidently sending an E transfer to a random stranger because I'm an idiot and almost losing the money
I asked for a smoothie thinking I'd get a frozen yogurt
exposing a poly-amorous relationship
waiting to long to make the next move
probably giving myself food poisoning right before an exam.
Cutting Jalapeños and Touched My Balls!
Thewellwrite
Answering a Companywide Zoom Call from the Toilet
NSFW) by getting drunk and playing with Snapchat
blacking out at Thanksgiving and convincing my family I'm crime boss
taking a poop at work
kissing my coworker in a staff meeting
trying to get in bed.
losing a butt plug.
masturbaiting at work and forgetting to lock the door.
but conditioning my puppy to expect food when the “boing” alarm goes off on my phone
unintentionally calling my mother a cow
eating taco bell before going to the gym for leg day
I lost my friend maté
not knowing how to delete a phone message.
joining this sub
making my parents stop fighting
losing my graphing calculator 3 days before a midterm exam
texting a customer on accident...
for cursing at and hanging up on a Covid contact tracer who I thought was a hacker trying to get into my phone and email.
being farsighted and playing paintball.
not demanding answers. Someone else is paying the price.
accidentally getting roofied with an edible at work and angering multiple people.
I let my friend into my phone
pissing all over the kitchen table
eating what my dentist told me to eat after my wisdom teeth removal
getting lost in the dark on a hiking trail.
opening the door to 2 strangers
blood choking myself.
because he needed space
missing my Cake Day by one Day.
letting someone take advantage of me
returning from holiday
I threw a baguette at my friends window and shattered it
Nutting into my own eye
accidentally killing a stray cat
sleeping nude and being a snack
telling my friend my bf fractured my nose
drunk washing my floors
losing my earbuds and having to borrow my bf's new apple airpods
accidentally getting into the wrong van during a global pandemic, and almost driving off with a terrified elderly passenger.
calling an anonymous and confidential crisis hotline causing the police to come to my house and place me on an involuntary hold
thinking I was on Mute during my Zoom class after yelling at myself
cutting my shaft with scissors.
accidentally being high in public and assumedly making an ass of myself
TDIF Step-Daughter Nip Slip
Moved back to my home town this spring. Just got a restaurant job and on the third day hooked up with my hot lady manager.
saying goodnight to one of my cousins Google Home.
moving into a relationship too fast.
wearing pants with a circle of paint surrounding
making pizza with danish cheese
texting my friend.
taking my grandma to the store I work at.
clearing my local Walmart of their chocolate
while running with my dog.
messing around on zoom
trying to transfer programs over to my new PC.
TIFI by getting a guy in a pub toilet to photograph my ass.
my mother caught me fapping but i came on my shirt...(doesnt sound weird at all)
trying anal for the first time with an toothbrush and making my ass bleed
sending vulgar bible verses to my very religious dad.
rewarding my 2year old when she said "I love you"
calling in sick at work after unconscionably speaking with my boss earlier.
Sharing My Computer Audio During a Meeting on Microsoft Teams
leaving my hamster with a family friend
gambling on a fart
using the same towel twice.
teaching myself to lucid dream and getting trapped.
accidentally flashing my whole family cause I didnt think of putting on a towel when I got out of the shower.
trying to be honest in the worst possible way.
Buying currency in a game on my brother's tablet
getting a bike handle up my ass
buying porn
eating alfredo
I did a George Floyd impression
ripping a bong filled with rubbing alcohol
being too damn shy
The movement of Earth in Avengers End Game
eating beans
cum falling into my eye
getting a cavity filled
high fiving my aunt.
ordering too much sandwich
Yhh
smelling my tea
By eating Cheesies....
By jokingly singing a song which sounds very racist.
being too lazy to get up and close the curtains
letting my small dog's leash go.
Today I fucked up by letting my cat eat my prescriptions.
Weight loss solution.
forgetting to change my toothbrush head
when I lost a football bet
putting my phone in a wall
accidentally flashing my mum
effectively pepper spraying my entire family on Christmas Eve
burning my mom's Tupperware
teaching my son to blow raspberries at the mention of a sports team…
going soft while getting head. NSFW
By almost covering myself in molten hot glass shards.
taking a fat piss in my mams hot water bottle
Grandma Edition!
not trying simple hardware troubleshooting for 2 years
accusing my son of stealing my Pokemon.
making strong-ass edibles while living with tiny raptors.
thinking my boyfriends friend is also my friend
leaving my erotica story open on my desktop
stopping my cat having a sezuire
calling myself horse cock
Not today but hilarious
Telling my cousin to “finger me” not realizing the implication.
Chugging a cup of rum on Vacation
bravely fighting off an intruder.
hitting my brother with a hammer
taking a dump in school
wearing an old work shirt from my bar job
kicking a wall in my sleep and possibly breaking my toe
streaming porn through teams
wearing a chest binder for too long
Heh, oops
sounding like a retarded sheep when hanging up the phone
eating a not-quite-boiled-enough “hard-boiled” egg...tl;dr at the bottom
cutting into a cheesecake
leaving the sink running when it's severely plugged.
leaving my car running, unattended, and unlocked for 5 hours.
falling dead ass asleep sitting up in bed with a huge bite of Milky Way caramel in my mouth
getting trapped under my girlfriend’s bed.
pretending I was gay with my wife.
when I sat down too quickly
No coffee
not cancelling my dad’s Dentist appointment
asking out my best friend who has been leading me on for a little over a year
sleeping on a tall pillow
being sleepy and trying to remove my makeup
thinking this subreddit was good
forgetting my allergies
thinking I could take shots before getting in the shower
testing a test
wearing my Teletubbies pajamas during class.
streming furry memes to the family TV
looking up watch people die inside
doing anal with my wife and my 7 year old seeing my pounding her like a ragdoll.
for accidentally clicking the follow button on my boyfriend's reddit account.
having sex with my girlfriend hundreds of times but never being able to orgasm- until the last time where I did and we subsequently broke up
By having snapchat
peeing in my pants on the very 2nd day of my first job
bidding on multiple GameCubes
It was a rainy night...
masturbating.
living 24 years before discovering Hitler was a political leader.
getting the name of the company wrong.
Mfhj
I sent my nudes to a random girl on tinder that I’ve never met before and now I’m scared to death
accidentally convincing my best friend she destroyed her computer
burning my knob in the sauna
witnessing a guy getting hit by a car, and then running out of gas.
ordering buttplugs from Amazon....
being lazy and not fixing my truck.
telling a priest in a confession, that I commited adultery.
using the wrong washcloth on my face.
commenting on the wrong facebookpostbecouse I didn't notice de girl i like isn't sure
telling my friends that one of my friends died
assuming I’d be getting my tax refund
going to a water park and fucking up my hearing
forgetting to put my vibrator away
bouncing a ball and freezing my finger
unintentionally catapulting my pet hamster across the room
"erupting the volcano" on my phone's screen.
Today I fucked up by asking out a friend's roommate after wrongly assuming she was interested in me
eating chips
wearing my glasses to the shower.
playing laser tag.
asking my flatmate why she was putting fabric softener in with her towels in the washing machine.
because I my grades are lower than ever
having sex and possibly losing my apartment and fuck buddy
trying to teach my brother about finances, and left him feeling crushed by debt
with Song Choice
Today I fucked up by accidentally corrupting my brothers Minecraft save he worked so hard on.
not being surprised?
Tofu by locking myself out of two houses while I was stoned.
going home early when half the class did
drastically altering my dog's world view
peeing my bed
typing in the wrong reddit URL
I farted in front of the whole class
Ive gone too far
making a really REALLY bad joke at the bar
I should be dead
creating a Poison Gas geyser
being too horny and now I think I have coronavirus
mistaking a cashier for wearing a face bracket under her mask.
shoving a pencil up my ass and possibly causing an infection in my rectum locking myself in my chicken coop
having three inexperienced people all have a hand in cutting my hair
calling my mom at the worst moment
signing up for discord
ruining a new friendship with my horny self
leaving a note under a girls windshield
getting my little brother high
not deleting my search history and scaring my Student Assistant Fund advisor with porn hub videos
using a face trimmer to trim my pubes.
taking advantage of covid-19 to skip a few hours of work
deciding to shave my balls with a hair clipper.
English class
being worried about a girl liking me
TIFUby forgetting my debit card
Almost ripped my boyfriends dick off
chasing my crazy kitten around the house
I told my ex I slept with his best friend. Now his best friend won’t speak to me.
My dog barfed in my mouth
Dismissing bright red blood in my stool for years. (If you're currently experiencing this symptom PLEASE READ)
snapping my married Christian coworker a video of me fingering my asshole snapping my married coworker a video of me fingering my ass
forgetting to mute myself on Teams
Pee wee teehee’s
picking the wrong cubicle
chopping off all my hair
trying to have sex for the first time
messing around on the way to school with a friend
forgetting my little cousin was adopted
I should have stayed home
forgetting my cake day 🙃
groping my daughter in law
Retractable Trimming Knife taken by Student
I gave in to peer pressure in the red light district (legal) and found out I was not ready for this.
putting my pants on both legs at once like a lunatic and severely ripping them, while in a hurry for an important meeting
I sent a picture to the wrong group chat, and have probably made every family reunion unbearable
sharing a video from university of someone at the library watching a preschool show... Only for them to possibly have an intellectual disability.
i got perma banned because of my stupidity and impatience/ (two more stories)
accidentally making my husband call 911
falling in-front of a whole class
helping a drunk friend
accidentally deleting all the messages with my gf losing out on thousands of dollars
wanting to filter my drink
skipping an exam to eat a weed brownie and the school phoned my mum
hitting another car
Accidentally Scratched 100k Car
not being the best I can be
playing video games in class with discord
not making a NSFW account
5
ignoring the urge to go to the bathroom before my morning smoke.
thinking we have a biology exam (?) on monday
for being late to a job interview.
making myselff look like a complete stalker
pretending to have IBS (irritable bowel syndrome) so i would't get detention
shredding my neighbors electric car charger.
Not knowing how to turn on an Oven.
overdosing on goku preworkout
Getting Indefinitely Banned from Entering Disneyland
being a strong, independent woman and moving a couch all by myself
accidentally flashing my pp to a girl in my class.
Renting Brokeback Mountain for my dad. TL;DR down below
walking in on my mom having sex
choosing a terrible name for my project
not getting my Senior/Graduation materials
including my childhood nickname in nearly all of my usernames
telling a colleague that I find them attractive
thinking oil based paint could be washed off with water...
i left milk at the of a cup
I forgot about my school project.
making my teacher kick me our of a google meet and sending him a terribly written email in respinse.
giving my dad a nosebleed
staring at a man
forgetting to leave my lesson on time. (Pls tell me what to do.)
losing my partners swim shorts in a spa pool after he proposed to me
going to the dentist
eating half a pan of edibles
and said to a young African-American woman “I own you”
not reading.
Today I fucked up by taking a piss.
drinking a sugar packed coffee before bed after just managing to fix months of a messed up sleep cycle a few nights ago.
Sent mother in law a d pic !!
opening my bed
casting Oprah in The Merchant of Venice
Helping a friend and not telling anyone
subbing to this subreddit.
Shut the door on a salesman
sending a picture of my boyfriend wearing my bra to a group chat and my mum
eating my feelings and trusting a fart
eating too much candy.
Measuring my Penis Size with JUUL!
TIFF by doing the dishes
when I forgot our keys for the shop
being scared to hold a package for too long
LISTENING TO THIS MUSIC https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LzYEiR2JK1A
asking my landlord to replace a light.
telling my mom about my partner and their gender ambiguity
when my little brother saw my girlfriends exposed butt
Talking to my bf about my feelings
bringing up the Parkland Shooting to my (survivor) roommate engaging a Publix employee who was stocking vegetables
Soo i fucked upTofu by cutting butter wrong for 33 years
going to the movies...
not properly cleaning my Fleshlight.
pooping in myself at a park
drinking chocolate milk
sending security on my fiance
Thank you, Haribo Sugar Free Gummi Bears. Hell holds no surprises for me anymore...
My First Video Including
I accidentally added my grandfather to the PTA meeting and everyone watched his dick
My mother in law caught me trying to crawl out of my window naked
going to the beach
getting in a fight with a good friend via text
thanking my doctor when he came to check in after the procedure
drying myself off with a frayed towel. (NSFW)
dropping my "I voted" sticker
Scaring a Small Child in a Public Bathroom
sticking an entire broom stick in my ass, breakdancing and becoming prom king
Vote plz
thinking I was getting a promotion at work but in reality I made a fool out of myself
vomiting, peeing and getting my period during sex.
getting my nails done with long tip extensions
Today i fucked up by not bringing my instrument to state competition
trying to look like a “bigger” man
spending $27,000 to avoid coming out to my friends and family.
breaking up with my girlfriend for another girl.
putting a spoon up my vagina doing shrooms for the first time
delaying a bus because I had to poop.
accidentally fingering my little brothers butthole at the pool
accidentally making an antisemitic/Hitler joke in Germany
leaving a combat knife under my high school teacher's pillow
talking to my ex.
taking a sex pill and going to work
shattering a glass in an bin full of ice.
giving myself food poisoning
criticizing my boss.
sdgedfbghetfg
finding 109 year old hair
I've killed the ender dragon more times than I've kissed a girl
passing a cop on the freeway and receiving a speeding ticket in return
almost getting myself robbed and/or injured or something worse
eating Atomic wings then having relations with my wife
browsing reddit
accidentally taking 8 pills of magnesium
Getting high for the first time.
having too much to drink at dinner and wetting the bed
re-using the bowl I put breakfast in for lunch.
letting my GF buy an air freshener with my card
trying to shave my pubes
bringing stevia to the school breaking my vibrator
And then
because 500 karma points CANNOT buy a gold medal
closing a container lid and now it won't open
I broke the company VPN.
using other peppers than usual
giving a book to my sister without erasing my notes inside
a fantasy a bet an opportunity to my fantasy
I’m a homophobe now
taking extra strength NyQuil 2 hours before my wife goes into labor.
not checking my food I ordered from a restaurant
wearing headphones at work
sending an expletive in a uni group chat and making myself look like an asshole, TWICE
How long does a 1ml cartridge last?
masturbating in my condo
watching porn using my mother's google account
splashing good quality wine all over my kitchen
I gave someone the “Take My Energy” award.
Fell on the floor naked with my shorts on knees at a festival
getting my fuckbuddy arrested
leaving the cooler open and having to work on a masonry
wearing blue jeans.
Ancient Japanese Tonic Melts 54 LBS of Fat
getting caught jacking off in the middle of breakfast.
trying to bathe my wife's cat.
realizing at age 28 that I have long disgusting ear hair coming out of my ears and never knew or realized until today. 🤮 💁👂
having 4 cups of espresso in the morning
accidently changing my age on a email
leaving surprise dookie in unsuspecting neighbor's bathroom.
saying "Daddy, chill" in open court.
burning my foot and getting a probably permanent burn mark
becouse of a spider that was under my toilet seat
sending the wrong document to my coach
sending my managers Cardi Bs Nude b00bs
picking trash up off the ground
forgetting frozen milk in the freezer
freaking out during an MRI
drinking caffeine on accident
accidentally bringing my gun to work
being bored in an HTML class
pretending that I couldn't hear my wife
sleeping next to mice eating my pants
asking my crush for a blowjob in truth or dare at a party
posting a picture on Instagram with a Lesbian flag filter, and I'm closeted sooooo
putting poop in a lamp
getting high and not worrying about my time management
over sharing to my Best Buy consultant
shaking someones hand instead of handing them money
I guess having foggy glasses? I'm not sure even but I had to have sex and wasn't prepared and I performed horribly in front of everyone, and I could tell I was being judged b/c I used to work in porn.
playing a guessing game with my friends
eating a ghost pepper
for accidentally giving myself STD
leaving my reddit account logged in on a co-workers computer for a second time in a row
What comes around goes around...
AITA for exposing my brother's girlfriend
telling my job that my aunt has coronavirus
trying to turn off the security system and accidentally arming it.
accidentally telling my SO his Xmas present
sabotaging my friend’s history paper
telling my boss I'm suicidal
having my first hangover
making step mom's pussy wet
posting to Reddit to ask for help concerning my girlfriend and the CPS.
took 10mg adderall for the first time saturday and had a drug test today
playing music for friends
I broke my rear window as a result of being stupid
talking shit about my class without knowing the teacher could hear me
not waking Boyfriend for work. (Will probably delete this post later)
By hitting a car parked next to me and leaving
underestimating my giantess Irish gf's kinky-ness level.
looking up a NSFW word on google images
ruining dessert
wearing a mask and not talking
not realizing it was my cake day
thinking my I had somehow broken my brand new laptop
stalking my crush
walking outside of my house with my bong instead of my coffee
leaving my tabs open on Meets :(
trying to purchase some milk and a pack of cigarettes.
driving over a cat i think
my wife left me
video calling my wife.
saying the wrong thing at work
trying to help a beggar
trying to mop up cum with printer paper
not listening to my 4 year old
ending friendships/possible relationship because of my ex.
trying to help a friend get tickets
my sleep schedule by unknowingly making myself have to pee all night.
This is my friends fuck up but he gave me permission to use it
doing the cutthroat motion at work
staying at work late to work on my Jeep.
trying to adopt a cat
forgetting to mark a post nsfw and not giving in the title context
grabbing an ass
r/I tried to get sugar high
Saying I'm Voting For Jo Jorgensen
Dog grooming gone wrong.
saying 'Booby time' in front of my friend's three year old
Accidentally Giving up My Man
pissing myself in front of new coworkers
cutting off my fingertip
falling in love w a girl who lives at the other side of the world and had to leave due to corona
telling a customer put the keys in me
not saying, “How’s your day?”
I accidentally killed my 3 month old kitten
Mom caught me butt ass naked and jerking off.
texting a neighbor to let them know they were casting porn to my roku
pranking my friend, and then having that prank backfire in front of the class I was teaching
Married then divorced under a year (after a huge wedding) then he reaches out one whole year later....
taking bad CBD and making my family miss Christmas
thinking it was normal to have two ankles on the inside of each foot.
Let myself down
being an idiot and nearly getting raped at a party
Showing my MIL my vibrater
making my friend tell everyone his father is dead
because I INTENTIONALLY exposed myself to someone who has COVID.
Today I Fucked Up by accidently sucker punching my crush
losing the person who loved me the most, due to my own mistakes.
request: the Iranian guy who shot down the commercial flight
falling for a Facebook scam
saving my Backpack
trimming my special hairs
unknowingly putting my cat on a fear-based diet
trying to support gay rights.
broadcasting my neurological disorder to the entire town.
using too much Bengay
de um tuga
breaking up with my girlfriend on Valentine's day
forgetting to take a slime home with me
entering a YouTube "brand" deal and getting my account hacked.
getting stuck before my job interview.
well no actually, my hubby did.
having a loud girlfriend
accidentally starving my cat.
allowing my girlfriend to give my 16 year old cousin a vibrator
TIDU by asking a client if she was moving
taking a picture of the TSA x-ray while passing through security, almost got arrested, they checked my phone
accusing the nicest guy ive ever known of spiking me...
accidentally activating the fire suppression system in a condo for old people while I was working
throwing away office envelopes
having a mouthful of tea after drinking pineapple juice.
following instructions when activating a Koodo SIM card
setting my crush up with other girl speaking to my ex-girlfriend’s friend who made me fully realize that I destroyed our relationship and made me realize I’m a shitty person
leaving my private messages on my mom's computer
daring to sleep naked
watching the movie Coco at my parents while my Grandma is on her deathbed.
trusting a soldier
talking to my brother during his zoom meeting.
ordered authentic spice level at Thai restaurant
It’s not a big fuck up but it’s kinda dumb
when I walked behind my friend the moment he started a backflip
making a meme page about my school and getting the cops called on me
accidentally jointing a zoom call
sending an e-mail with the Wrong Company name
loudly announcing I have a knife in class
having diarrhea during a natural disaster
kik
eating a vegetarian hotdog
telling a woman I have a slight crush on "I thought you'd be heavier"
playing overly loud music while trying to make my dad a surprise breakfast
Today I fucked up by experimenting with my girlfriend
going outside for a joint and almost getting arrested for breaking and entering
accidentally hiring a happy ending masseur
not cleaning up a stranger's pee
learning Swedish from PewDiePie.
leaving Anal Lube in the bathroom
accidently mocking my neighbor with a shirt
buying a slave arab with A BOMB attached to him
reading my little brother’s journal...
asking a friend about her grandma only to find out she died in December.
trying a nicotine pouch
trying to keep my ass clean
looking up furry porn of Hobbes.
saying no to a hangout only to see the friend I rejected afterwards
Exposing My Loved Ones To COVID-19
(NSFW)  using the wrong email id
deleting some old Skyrim mods like a year ago
driving my mom's minivan through the garage
sneaking out to a party only to get caught 30mins after leaving
taking meds and throwing up on a kid at school
dropping the eyeball I just cut out of someone on the floor
causing a building to lose power with my fart
wiping battery acid across my forehead
texting my old roommate
Eating bat soup and runining the world economy.
winning an Xbox controller
being a male and posting in TwoXChromosomes without White-Knighting
watching the Great British Baking Show
asking for exercise equipment for Christmas
letting a minor use my phone
replacing the f-word with the name of a Shakespearean character
thinking staying up late to have some “Me” time would mean no one was up
A Hapless Memory
being a nosey neighbour
leaving my phone on the dinner table
12 hours in NYC lock up
nearly wetting myself on a date
accidentally feeding my sister edibles ruining my own surprise party
playing Dead by Daylight
My mother saw my pornhub account
waking up happy and killing my mouse
H
wearing a onesie pajama with a back flap to work.
making a personal thank you call to a good samaritan
using my cousins skateboard
putting my ead money i the same pocket as my phone
in my Music and Civilization class
posting something funny (to me) on r/funny
shaking my middle aged female English teachers hand without her consent.
Day after marriage, stopping at a bar to have a drink after an outrageous car estimate. TL;DR Had a drink after an outrageous estimate and got kicked out.
using a wrong term for a very controversial subject
locking myself out of my hotel room, buttfuck naked.
Relatively tame, but still a *uck up
telling my room mate I was in love with her.
saying that five pounds is a lot in a children’s eating disorders unit.
starting bleeding at my job interview
closing my mom's open tabs on her phone
peeing in a pool, and accidentally outing myself
caught in the office bathroom dildoing diligently
with coworkers
accidentally taking taking credit for someone’s father’s death
posting my plans to do something technically illegal on social media and my cousin was being a good caring person and told on me
pointing out to my friend (F) that her date might* be gay
meeting my friend's mom while she had a medical d*ldo inside me
turning on a soiled toaster
having my music too loud with my car windows down
going on a date even though I was feeling sick
wanking in me bed too much
clogging my boyfriends toilet and making him take the blame...
sleepwalking into agreeing to move in with some friends in Wyoming
showing off my homemade Halloween costume on a work call
trying to help
telling my mom that I don't care about her and getting kicked out of the house.
accidentally calling myself a homosexual in Spanish and not knowing it because of a troll that worked for DuoLingo
digging into my finger
Showed up to an interview a day early
coming across as racist to my teacher
shitting in Berlin
laughing at the friend whose grandmother died.
made a collab with a bug
I removed my own ingrown toenail (only part of it)
making my dad almost have a mental breakdown
snapchatting a guy whilst wearing a sleeveless T-shirt
getting letting my dogs condition me to give them treats
not being careful with my words during wedding planning and almost caused a cancellation.
showing my boyfriend's mom what my boyfriend's kinks are
roasting my vagina
Made fun of my in-law's mental health issues
oversleeping and causing a college lab to get canceled.
spraying myself in the face with dog butt juice
today i fucked up by sniffing my cats ass.
when i accidentally booked an expensive resort
COVID-19 problems
filtering a drink
sounding like a pedophile
leaving porn open on google
A MOST embarrassing moment!
trying to impress my crush
letting a man with a prosthetic penis look me in the eye
misreading my work schedule and ensuing some dumb decisions due to lack of sleep
shitting on my neighbours cat
asking a girl out way too soon
knocking my friend’s tooth out
talking bad about a company without realizing who I was talking to
breaking my ankle at Disney World
clogging a stranger's toilet
when I strained my neck while pooping
giving myself severe back pain while trying to have fun playing video games
accidentally turning over my little brother’s accumulative income to the police
I got drunk &amp; ended up chaturbating with a Catholic priest
my making people at my school think my mom neglects me
walking in on my cousin masturbating.
Today I fucked up by sticking my dick in crazy
A bunch of snobbish people think I'm a brokie and I don't like the ostracizing
getting the wrong bus, humiliating myself, being involved in a bus crash, and then getting completely lost to the point that my mom had to pick me up.
taking a new route back to work after my lunch break
breaking the side view mirror off of my moms brand new car
making your hippo fall up the box
flushing my roommate's marinated shit
smoking weed
slipping up and telling my mom about the time I wanted to kill myself
wrestling a cop while on 690 ug of LSD + Lithium
attempting to help my brother change a flat tire and getting swarmed by the Police and a Helicopter
trusting a Reddit stranger
sticking a suction cup dildo onto the wall
trying to save 10$ shaving my legs
when I put my girlfriends lipgloss on my penis. trying to impress a girl.
shaving off my side burns
accidentally disclosing to my coworker that I smoke weed
putting 2 shot glasses through the garbage disposal
Major dumbassery alert
sending an email to the wrong person
"downloading" DirectX12.
giving wrong directions
losing my watch
accidentally texting my boss an inppropriate Letterkenny clip
coming out to my sister when I first fingered my ass
almost poisoning my boyfriend
yelling “boobs” for the entire day.
Not knowing how to use switches.
showing adult content over Zoom to my entire Matlab class during a presentation
(clickbaity title)
paying for a meal at a drive-thru and driving away without my food
sitting on my dentist’s seat.
buying an Amazon Alexa and teaching my wife Alexa can fart.
bringing back my brothers big the me rush addiction
allowing my mum to trim my eyebrows.
Flashing My Uncle.
sending a NSFW text and pics to my entire work team
NOT running with scissors
Today I fucked up by joking about the possible death of my boyfriend’s dad
I took my phone to school and pulled it out at the wrong time
$200 Amazon gift card offer
assuming someone’s gender and sexuality
offering to pay for an abortion
munching on a cockroach
I insulted my uncle's mother without knowing it was my uncle's mother
getting a full rectal exam
laying in my house naked
smashing my phone
just realizing yesterday was my cake day here in Reddit and I did nothing about it
turning into a writhing fountain of youth at 1am
holding a snake for too long
swearing at my mom
slapping my girlfriends moms ass
eating Popeye’s
poking holes in a girlfriend's already fragile ego and then twisting the knife
drinking my own spit
pulling an all nighter to try and "fix" my perfectely working code without checking that my Arduino Board actually worked
running on a treadmill
when I went to the toilet at around 3am
calling for the emergency services while trying to cheat a mobile game
accidentally sending photos of myself doing jojo poses to my mother
eating fruit during the day in my room and later turning off the lights at night
whacking my (29f) by (30m) in the face!
ruining my user profile
trying to make breakfast for myself, and burned my hand.
washing my hands in a urinal
vomiting in my little brothers school project
lying to my teacher
accidentally making fun of one of my uncle's favorite books
Accepting an unknown girl's Friend Request on FB.
I made my friend think her bf is going to propose to her even though he isn’t
making a WhatsApp spam bot and waking everyone up in my house
spilling blood all over the floor at work 😭😭😭😭😭
This sub should be changed to r/tfor That Time I F*%cked Up
sending nudes to my friend
TIFI by accidentally breaking my grandfathers hand.
Breaking my classmates Retainer that cost $8000.
going on a remote date and sending a kinky gif to a girl I tried to date once (NSFW)
cutting my own hair while originally not having planned on doing so and sleepy as heck
Confusing Artificial Intelligence and Artificial Insemination
running over a plastic bag with my car
for falling for a guy on Tinder during Covid and got scammed out of life savings
Face Plant into a Fire
being the awkward neighbor...
Today I fucked up in a small but immeasurably embarrassing way
farting so bad it broke my pregnant gfs phone
unknowingly bringing up a tinder dates childhood trauma.
calling my girlfriend’s mom an asshole
ranting to a recruiter
singing on my zoom meeting
choking myself while I was...well, ya know...
slapping a wasp and getting stuck in the throat
reminding my teacher that her mother died
opening an excel file
not taking my cat to the vet soon enough (don't worry - he's fine, I promise!)
moaning Donald Trump's name during sexy sex.
wearing loose fitting shorts in Walmart.
trying to console my friend who tested for COVID
being really high while buying a ticket flight for me with my mother's help
trying to sleep with my friend's disabled grandfather
Not only did Australia use AIDS in their vaccine which flopped miserably...
Today I fucked up by getting Biofreeze in my vagina.
jerking off in front of my dad
Moaning Too Loudly
deleting what could’ve been the greatest meme I have ever created
listening to my friend and going streaking.
sending dick pics to my brother
almost going to jail because my friend did a phone prank
and earned a new nickname at work
What is the most common
having surgery
taking a family photo
drinking 2 glasses of French Pressed espresso at 10pm.
lighting a candle and having a nap
running into a cactus
looking at gore by accident.
fingering a prostitute after eating hot chicken wings
trying to be healthy.
My bf told me not to buy anything on his PS4 and I stupidly did
letting my phone go flat while driving home from work.
Today I fucked up and forgot to wear a bra ....
Starting a drunk pissing contest at a school trip.
I lost a lot of my friends.
Taking a Video NSFW
There's a bird somewhere in my house
trusting a fart on my boyfriends birthday.
making the best joint of my life
my mom f’ed up) by having a South African accent!
deeply insulting a girl, rather than complimenting her
Today I fucked up by buying a fake dog
bringing my free google home mini to the office and creating an office playlist
Beyoncé, Headline 2021 Grammy Nominations
cumming on my cat
While at the DMV not being able to read a thermometer
not realizing my coworker was reading over my shoulder.
asking a girl her dogs name
Sleeping during Online Class in Google Meet and then making a terrible, ridiculous lie at the end to cover it up
accidentally seeing a semi-nude picture on my friend's phone
jumping on my phone
singing a line from a song
Jiggley jiggley
teaching the girl I babysit sarcasm
breaKing the rules of the sub
opening the browser and ot had porn on it. And it was at full volume
throwing up on wall of my crush's apartment
walking in on my dad’s boss half naked
getting my dog a crate
using my bathroom
farting during a Houseparty call
Told my grandparents I’m gay accidentally
not sure my boss saw or not
potentially giving my new girlfriend Coronavirus
costing my company 11,500 (probably more), making them want to fire another guy for my screw up, causing my best friend's mom to have a shitty holiday and making them cancel our christmas lunch
and become a predator for trying to give away money.
accidentally drinking my own body waste fluid
Don't drink boiling water, kids!
not checking if there was any miracle whip before I opened the cans of tuna
Thinking it was okay to go out in the dark
Skipping Breakfast and Vomiting in Calculus
drinking a glass of milk.
sneezing wearing a mask
not knowing how to talk to sad people
forgetting at home ticket to a concert I was really looking forward to for last the months. No time to go home for it now.
shitting myself at a party and creating an emergency meeting
forgetting how to swallow food
when receiving pizza delivery
Hello dear friend you entered the group in search of hot girls register here for free click here 👇
trying to sit down
ignoring my schoolwork
because I have an uncommon last name
not unplugging my aquarium heater and burning a hole in the carpet.
being too stubborn and fainting after donating a double pint
laughing at a girl who’s dad had just died
My wife got sexually harrased and I thought it was a joke
accidentally nicknaming my dick 'St Richard'
Drop some tools off at nans. She forgets and phones the cops.
being accidentally racist to a coworker
letting a "friend" sleep over and almost getting arrested in the process.
I had drugs on me at work when we had a meeting about substance abuse policy.
helping my grandpa screw a cabinet door to the dining room table
making everyone think I have Covid
eating a can of chili a few hours before a date
My mum saw a left over condom packet on my floor.
Hhjkmnjjjjjjjjjjjj
fucking my "friends" girl
Because of 8X8
taking what i thought was acid in the middle of central london
breaking my dead moms momentos
Day Dreaming at work of building a house
Help?
not seeing an easily misunderstood gesture and having to explain to my neighbours how my wife and I are not suicidal.
trying to open my bondage strap.
because I laughed at the joke
chewing my lip
for having a dick marking on my arm back in 5th grade.
Going to Work .
watching a racist meme in a quiet library
making a poor joke with friend.
doing a EAT THE HEAT wing challenge
letting my friend borrow my phone
do stuff with a girl who had strep.
enrolling in mental health services and harming my mental health.
mistaking my “stalker” for another person
practically dismantling my sister's bed for an AirPod
trying to be nice. To me.
Heat Rash in the fall (probably NSFW)
banging my girlfriend in front of people applauding us (and without realizing it)
not locking the washroom door
making a girl cry cause she kept leaving class for dumb reasons
scaring away an 'intruder'
sold my car to a deallership
biting my tounge.
Eating way too much cauliflower and broccoli.
taking viagra
losing two good friends over a group project
possible relationship
exposing my friend's wife's infidelity
deleting wedding video files
Yesterday I fucked up by having sex with my girlfriend of about 3 weeks
forgetting how many mg are in my edibles
celebrating my 30 birthday in NYC.
moving all the furniture in my studio flat, being unable to sleep in the new position and putting it all back just now, at 5am.
being a really curious kid.
buying my mother her favourite essential oil
NSFW
A trip to a fancy cinema...
Made banana cumin bread
throwing away my blood soaked panties
thinking all yellow liquids must be Mt Dew.
trying to keep my mom busy on the anniversary of her father’s death.
My ear exsam
misgendering my friend
using deodorant all week...
getting a criminal record
trying to get my driver's license
falling for a fake steam website.
accidentally sharing my screen
encountering gallowboob
Dropping a diamond pickaxe in a minecraft server
Cumming on My dogs face.
because I got baptized and masturbated in a church all in the same weekend...
raising a master manipulator
jumping into the water without knowing what in there
sending a picture of myself with another woman’s underwear in my mouth to my girlfriend.
putting 5 gum wrappers in the schools electrical outlets
accidentally dispatching the police in my sleep
not pulling over when I should've.
freestyling
getting into an argument with my cat over hand sanitiser
shitting the bed with my gf of three weeks
Making A Huge Mess Because I Was Half-Asleep Trying To Do Laundry
accidently reveling to my parents that I have my nipples pierced
TIFH by playing tennis
Jalapeños + Vagina = Bad
pinging everyone on discord on a server with 15k people
roofying myself and feeding everyone paint
not reading instructions and administering anesthetics to me and my partner
basically being held hostage in my own vehicle
for getting my crush angry
laughing at my friend who slipped
not converting oz to ml and consequently trying to drink way more water than necessary
turning on reddit notificications
filing my taxes too early
wearing women's jeans...
letting my mom see my scars on my arm
eating popcorn after putting lotion on
walking behind an attractive woman who walking her dog.
putting my car in a ditch while driving the girl I liked
swearing in front of my teacher and class
mistaking Tom Holland for an extra
almost getting sent to the principals for roasting a teacher.
Wiped out a sign
keeping incognito tabs open
leaving a video game server
adding salt instead of sugar and cornstarch instead of flour, the cake was ston hard
not peeing after sex and not pooping for a whole week
calling the cops and having the Specialist Response Group arrive in full gear.
using dating apps
not knowing my window shades were pointed in the wrong direction (NSFW)
thanks to multi-tasking and autopilot!
throwing an axe through my wall.
calling a pot seed a " beaner" in front of my son.
I watched TED in a movie theatre full of young parents with their newborns.
forgetting a shift and going to work with mushrooms
Skateboard Fuck Up
almost hanging myself
seeing how closely I could look at the tip of a pencil
naked girls videos - Free Tube
kissing my boyfriend with a peanut allergy , after eating PB &amp; J sandwich.
thinking of this
mistaking our principal for a student.
What you think
continuing to masturbate at the wrong time
telling my sister's best friend where Heparin comes from
Catching a Duck and Stung by a Catfish within minutes of eachother
cutting my wrist.
breaking my foot in a stupid way and blaming it on someone else
I ruined someone’s life today!
leaving a used condom in my girlfriends dog height trashcan
accidentally drugging myself.
accidentally bringing my vibrator to a hospital
telling my wife she didn't technically carry our daughter until the moment of fertilization.
having a small bladder and peeing in a Starbucks cup... (HUGE parenting fail)
I changed my moms email to Thundernuts 69
Tifi by falling asleep on a call
not knowing what the word broad meant
sitting on the toilet too long.
I looked up "why does my head hurt so badly" and google sent me an e-mail about burrial insurance, goodbye...
letting my adorable cat sleep beside my laptop
licking a girl's asshole
getting distracted at work.
eating the ends of a chicken wing
Leave Hair Color to the Pros
Fracturing and Deforming my Hand Twice
buying some local handicrafts
sleeping in an online class
calling my boyfriend last night
ruining a peace offering
bleaching the shit out of my hair
not providing my best customer service
running a red light and could have caused an accident.
trying to seduce a gay guy.
spilling 30 gallons of iced tea at a restaurant
starting day with such a pain
GGGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!! TL;DR
sending my teacher a copy of Crab Nicholson's Extreme Sleepover Text Adventure along with my homework
refusing the wintersport walk of shame
traumatising my little brother
sitting on a display chair that had a (please do not sit on chair ) sign clearly on the table next to it .
showing my teacher some anime tiddies
Where does one buy shoes?
having clearly no social capability
fucking my wife with an eggplant
buying a new PS4 controller
What is your Christmas story?
stepping on one of my parents used condoms
pdroppinh my phone in 3 feet of snow
shitting myself in my friends spare bed
Leaving My Kid To Air Dry
showing my cat to my stream
I wrapped my underwear into my sister in laws gift
being high at the ATM.
getting banned from this sub (probably
sending porn in my class groupchat with my teacher in it
snapping mentally and emotionally
using the wrong soap and burning my vagina
I got WREKT.
watching my nephews
throwing up midway through BJ
having a ‘squeaky’ bed frame
TIHU by not plugging my headphones in good enough
taking my phone to school and pulling it out at the worst time
eating a piece of cheese
TIFY by drinking my makeup remover
asking my Doctor to hit my G-Spot
My Parents Coming Home After Trying Shower Sex
for thinking i was pretty enough to have privilege
I masturbate too loud
making math class metal again
Ruined the surprise for a birthday party (first time posting)
not realizing people have specializations
Locked myself out of my car yesterday
honking my way to the hotel
“fumigating” a bulletproof van
not doing the dishes and ordering pizza.
laying down in cat vomit, and breaking my glasses washing the bed sheets.
well my cat did) By jumping onto the stove and somehow turning it on in the night.
posting a fake
assuming the worst and scaring someone
leaving my crush on delivered
laughing creepily at one in the morning
Just a small gesture to show I care how busy and tired you are.
ruining the best relationship I could ever ask for because I’m a fuckwit!
releasing a giant list of everything bad trump supporters have done, one day before their insurrection on the Capitol (list in post)
threatening to take a teenage boy into the woods.....
making a man (not my husband) blush.
taking too much laxative because it was taking too long
hurting my loved one
thinking this sub had good mods (reposting the original thread as suggested in the comments)
saying the slang term for “nerve” out loud during Anatomy
reading a long ass story
replying to a post shitting on using emojis on Reddit with the same emojis from the OPs pic. Lost 1/5 of my karma
buy not knowing that my little brother started a fire in our house.
telling my 6 yo that his dog will die sooner than anticipated
getting my roommate kicked out of a pool for sexual harassment, immediately after writing a paper about sexual harassment
being horny at my aunts house
asking my friend for nudes and possibly fucking up our friendship
Farting
letting my girlfriend kiss me during class
telling the insurance company I have a dog
Gjjk
rushing a college paper
I killed a cat
Ignorant 15 Years Ago and it Still Haunts Me....
making a presentation (NSFW)
eating a day old fish soup before date.
accidentally destroying my MacBook
Another Video Conference with Kids Story
not keeping my mouth shut
Don’t eat hot wings then finger yourself... 😩😂
trying to play it cool
Wrong hotel room...
shaving before a huge interview
stealing a bike
getting drunk
riding a scooter barefoot
puking on a train
trusting a man claiming to be a famous fashion designer and getting scammed out of £2000.
Today I fucked up buy brushing my teeth with hand soap by accident and then proceed to projectile vomit all over the mirror and sink.
laying on my back and twisting my spine so I could type on the keyboard
Confessions from the bottle of a bottle
going on the dark web.
spraying an ABC fire extinguisher at a grease fire.
not studying all day
Accidental photobomb at comic con
flaming an innocent stranger online thinking the sub was r/roastme
lying about being a virgin
trying to take a screenshot on my phone after having dropped it earlier in the day, and almost losing all my data.
wasting a chance to get over 200$
i ripped my school uniform and they don't sell the pants separately so my parents are going to have to drop 125 bucks on a new uniform.
getting my brother ip banned from his favourite video game that he has been playing for 10 years
Today I fucked up by playing earrape moaning and my teacher heard
joking about coming out to my mom
missing out on 2 jobs interviews... mainly because I’m an idiot.Went swimming with my family wearing a white bikini
re-enacting a scene from Shawshank for a drama class
exposing someone's hidden disability through small talk
shitting on my girlfriend's dog
thinking a spider was on my boob
Random Playlist while visiting a girl
missing a line in a contract and trusting someone on their word.
trying to shower at my moms house, she has shitty plumbing.
cus I think my dad found my mothers panties I came in
getting my friend drunk on purpose so I can win a bet
explaining to my younger female employee how to pierce her ladyparts
ranting about my mom to my mom
buying a plant for my roommate
eating half a colony of ants
complienting a blouse
practicing while hurt, almost losing a teste, and having to wear a cast on my balls during summer
Driving home drunk.
being a nice guy to a guy who hit my car
trying to groom my cat with scissors. Didn’t go as planned..
running my mouth an an internship
Oof ww111
today I accidentally offended my entire (new) zoom class through a game of two truths one lie and now they think I’m racist
invalidating by best friend’s feelings due to my shitty situation
spraying perfume on my ass hole.
Trusting Someone and then being Forced to Partake in Béstiality
saying 'Cunt' in front of my whole family.
telling everyone on the call that I need to use the restroom
betting 300$ on Connor McGregor
asking my doctor for viagra
falling in front of everyone in the canteen
brushing my puppy’s hair
thinking this sub actually had good moderators
fucking my step mom and making things weird with dad
reminding my friend about his dead father
for going to the wrong airport and wasting a ton of money
Fucking My Boyfriend (On My Birthday 😭)
wearing my mom’s sapphire and diamond ring despite knowing that it was small on me which led to it getting stuck.
accidentally typing a swear word in a college assignment that was seen by my teacher
being impatient and trying to shave with electric body and bikini razor.
asking Reddit if I’m ugly
telling my classmate don't get pregnant
falling down an icy mountain
making pasta while tired
mailing a package to my house
killing something on my 2nd day at PetCo.
Swedish neighbours
having a exy sex sexing time with sex
watching Red Dwarf The Promised Land
accidentally calling my girlfriend fat
Here comes the Monkey Man!"
trying to teach a virgin unicorn how to fuck my girlfriend with a strap-on. We bruised her cervix.
holding my boss' hands.
I damaged my liver by taking alcohol and headache medicine at the same time
deepthroating myself with coffee
killing my grandpa by breaking a 100+ year old plate passed down for generations in my family.
Using Earphones beating the meat
sending the wrong picture in my camera roll to the love of my life just when things stopped being awkward
not realizing fast enough the fact that I was probably getting kidnapped
Today I fucked up by masturbating to an online domme who didn't even show her/his face. Today I fucked up showing my face while jerking off on her/his command. Today I fucked up switching my brains off for an online domme, who wanted me to take a leap of faith.
Missed the flight my company has been trying to book me for nearly 8 months
fucking a stranger (NSFW)
comparing my game connection to a girls disability I was talking to.
beating it with mayo
forgetting everything i knew about icy hot
for not remembering my highschool classmate.
Installing A Camera In My Room
ruining my sisters boyfriends brothers christmas gift
yutt
This was minutes ago. I accidentally touched my cats asshole and I can't stop washing my hand.
not looking closer at my license plate
crossing the streams of my lives
running over my potential employer’s pet
misusing the phrase “chew them out”
putting a 100$ bill in a small purse pocket
accidentally going to a gangbang with my girlfriend.
allowing my kid to watch television
VASTLY underestimating the strength of my (18 F) nerdy boyfriend's thighs VASTLY underestimating the strength of my (18 F) nerdy boyfriend's thighs(
Today I fucked up by making cookie(s).
giving myself giant ,dark, hickies ..on my head.
getting a handjob not having the money for it and having to call my family to pick me up.
eating 8 chocolate fiber bars before a long car ride with family and experiencing the most absurd gas leak in history.
telling my dad I didn't respect Him
blowing into a bowl of meat contaminated spices
spilling candle wax
using soap as lube
shitting my pants in bed with my wife
trying to kill myself
going to the gym for the first time in a few months and ended up screaming in pain in the parking lot.
letting myself be insane/delusional for a few years
getting high and losing my money
laughing at a girl when she asked me to go to the graduation party with her.
re-activating my fiancée’s phone 3 days after suspended service
accidentally making a teenage boy uncomfortable
Lost my earbuds in an Uber
visiting a hot physiotherapist
I slept in the vicinity of my girlfriend
discovering my deceased mother's Kindle library
GO SUB! HELP MY BOY!
selling something worth a small fortune for $30.
using my thumb to hold down a tent peg while I hammered it down.
using the connecting door in my hotel room and locking myself out with no way of getting back in......
for my son...
leaving my camera on and then my microphone
not telling my dog to be free
i made a fake story on this subreddit to get karma
slipping in the shower with my girlfriend
repeatedly asking a customer to repeat that her son had died.
being concerned about my health
trying to prove I could take a (wellness) shot and proceed to throw up at work.
ruining a 30,000 member subreddit
transporting my dead dog
losing the rent money, so no Christmas here :(
saying something antisemitic
laughing while masturbating and almost killing my computer.
blaming upstair neighbor for thumping/banging.
accidentally unmuting myself
cutting my thumb and listening to the dumb waitress
unknowingly shutting a girl down when she was trying to flirt with me.
flashing my neighbour
touching a laptop belonging to a dead person
sending a voice message in the wrong group.
falling for an online scam
getting a pedicure from the door at Arby’s
Prank at work gone wrong
Can we change the name of this sub to OIFU
forgetting Kobe Bryant was dead and yelled 'Kobe!' after shooting a raccoon and it fell into a bucket 'scoring' two points and my friend thinks I'm racist now
making my 4 yo terrified of clouds because I used them as a metaphor for the coronavirus...
having a soul-shattering prostate prostate orgasm and not being able to get the toy out after
mispronouncing diced vegetables
I conditioned my dog and ruined my sex life
making a joke at my boyfriend
stealing some water flavoring from a coworker
saying "semen" too much
admitting that I vape to my parents on accident
When I used my real speaking voice rather than a character I was playing - TLDR @ The Bottom
jacking off my cat
accidentally head butting a girls boobs
resetting my download
dropping my phone off of the side of a cliff
The Conveniences Of Getting In Photo Competitions
making my mom think i was getting off to her nakedness.
leaving vegetable oil unattended near my kittens
I Accidentally Created A Account With OP's E-Mail
trying to be more adventurous
almost sending a lewd message to a random contact
taking university library books to work with me
I accidentally kissed my friend in front of my boyfriend
destroying my bed
not having a proper diet during Ramadan
Office chair
trying to help a client
unplugging my fridge right before leaving on a three week trip to Brazil
eating a REALLY fresh banana
trying to make chamomile tea
the time I contaminated a strip club with pepper spray
dropping a bowl of wedges down the stairs that have just been fitted with new carpet
shoving the leg of a doll up my ass. Active story!
being toxic in a video game.
taking my Fitbit off in the pool
leaning back on my chair, showing my neon shorts to my friends in a video conference, and costing almost $200
being nice to men I don't know.
cutting off somebody while taking a left turn
having a lengthy conversation about the benefits of cannabis, mixed with light social media commentary, with a total stranger despite being told repeatedly that I had the wrong number
saying a customer was a gansta...
eating a Tobasco flavored slimjim
taking my date to a school cafeteria
A few days ago I did a Got scammed out of $700 by a US musical instrument dealer.
teaching my cat to open doors
making a phone prank to my parents while drunk
forgetting the whip gasket (multiple occurrences)
Trying to Prank my Parents
waking up a customer on work experience
doing a Vinegar Treatment on my Hair
Yall should change the name of this sub to r/thisdidnthappentodayithappenedsixmonthsagoandimjustnowpostingcauseigotbusyandforgotbutnowiremembereventhemostminutedetail
deciding to leave a skull spider (daddy long legs) in my bathroom as a pet
exploding a pan
eating a ton of cough drops
sipping the piss jug
burning the hell out of my lady bits
Mjf be gm
getting blocked by a close friend/coworker
accidentally filing a complaint about the downstairs crackhead
trying to dupe a drug test
giving my Jewish roommate the Nazi salute
firing a gun inside my house.
not learning from a previous mistake
I fucked up last night can someone please help
almost fainting while singing a RHCP song with the mask on
I accused a black teenage boy of stealing my wallet. He was almost arrested
giving my weed dealer a lift in my car to pick up a large sum of money owed to him by another dealer.
getting a classmate expelled
hugging my best friend I secretly have feelings for....she recoiled
having a small mental breakdown and potentially ruining the best thing to happen to me in years.
bu slicing my thumb on my machete while sharpening it
socializing and making a complete fool of myself.
doing a story for a Grade in Social Studies, blaming the bad guys when they were actually the good guys, and realising mid-presentation
dropping my boxes outside of FedEx
executing a Fart Bomb prank and getting hit by a van.
I said something stupid on 9/11
visually groping a man
accepting a cupcake at sky zone
buying a fake coege degree.
playing my ass like a trumpet to an executive board
trusting my brothers fuel gauge
my partner taking smashing back doors in, literally
pulling the plug on someone too early while their family watched.
passing out when reading about the where the girl broke her boyfriends dick
for calling my english teacher motherfucker
browsing reddit
my not paying attention while walking a dog then a dog fight broke out
not recognizing my own cat
going to the school library
being Asian
eating fresh Salsa Verde and taking my girlfriend to dinner at my Mom's house...
realizing how much of an inadvertent creeper I’ve been to my friends for avoiding eye contact.
forgetting to close my window and now I live in a swimming pool
Accidentally rubbed IcyHot on my dick NSFW
catfishing a local celebrity and actually enjoying talking to him
talking during a Zoom lecture
driving 200 km for a kitchenmachine my mother didn't care about
using a toy past it’s prime
thinking I could handle a 50mg THC gummy
waking my family up at 1am by blasting 'Never gonna give you up'
drinking peppermint oil
submitting this post here
trying to fart louder than my girlfriend
being the biggest moron ever to touch a computer
underestimating reddit and posting link to school's slack group.
procrastinating too much.
NIGGER SLAYER NIGGER SLAYER NIGGER SLAYER NIGGER SLAYER
telling a group of strangers I was going to sh*t my pants
telling a coworker I wished I was watching porn
informing my co-workers that I'd be heading to the toilets for some 'me time'
Missing My Exam And Dropping A Course
walking my trachea into this cat tower
telling my boss he is dating a cam girl in front of the entire team
cleaning my brothers room.
signing up for an escort service
buying penis soap for my b-hole
letting my mom cook me dinner.
I pissed in the kitchen sink when I was 8 years old
eating cheese
eating multiple bowls of Kellogg's very high fibre Two Scoops Rasin Bran cereal and then drink two large coffees
scaring my entire apartment complex into thinking my apartment was on fire so they called emergency services.
cremating my cat
eating (lots) of chocolate bars..
I didn't know what a word meant... Now I do
By trying to have a quick jerk in the hospital
getting an authentic Thai massage in Thailand
thinking a kidney stone was a burst appendix
for sleeping the wrong way and not fixing the ceiling
needing to take a shit at target
asking my dad to help me build a shelf
giving myself and accidental enema
accidentally tasting my own period blood
showing my boyfriend's brother my butt
giving Japanese porn mangas to my family and friends
buying under one of the busiest runways under one of the busiest airports in North America
leaving orange juice on the table
scheduling my RoombaPooppocalypse- never schedule a roomba
shouting "IT'S DA POOP OF DA WEEK"
Giving Melatonin To Someone Who Has Night Terrors
Military Man, repeatedly F(ing)U and becoming a massive failure
telling the waiter to enjoy his meal on a date and then breaking my hand
Corona shit- Today, i did something stupid and i Carried on with it - a complete "he knew he fucked up" moment - a stranger gave me used one. Pray for me lmao
trying to squeeze out a silent killer
TI;fu The Worst (or best depending on how u look at it I guess...) hit I got from a bong happened today...😔
accidentaly wrecking a wasp nest with my head.
telling my boyfriend, who grew up in a mobile home, that I didn’t want to live in a mobile home because I thought they were ugly.
leaning forward during a lecture
"no, cancer."
accidently ingesting perfume with 100% pure ethanol
kissing a bald man’s head
trying to prove to my flat earther dad that Earth is a Globe
joking with a coworker about rule 34
accidentally drinking turpentine and being rushed to the hospital amid a global pandemic
getting stranded in the Namib Desert
forgetting I had a Deposit Check in my Back Pack
accidentally sending a friend of mine an NSFW video of me
eating hot peppers and then whacking the willie.
I accidentally stole a car...
Almost gave a BJ to my own dad!
unknowingly nearly setting my office's kitchen on fire and causing mutiple power cuts
leaving a condom on the headboard (NSFW)
finding my girlfriend’s Reddit account, and I’m honestly/clearly shook up about what I found.
telling my professor “Fuck this shit Im going to the kitchen and eat”
trying to buy porn and my credit card fraud prevention blocking it.
causing my mom to text a picture of my vibrator to the family group chat
drunk texting a girl
telling my gf to lose weight.
putting sugar in my cola
giving a woman directions to a park.
(NSFW)  buying my son a bunch of different sized "Woody" from Toy Story dolls
getting food poisoning in Spain
accidentaly flashing someone.
I left my daughter to go to the bathroom
changing my boyfriend's ringtone
talking my way out of a 15$ an hour raise
By not throwing away the trash leading to a maggot infestation
going into a women's bathroom and smiling to the girl that was in there like nothing was wrong.
swearing at my personal trainer
accepting a job offer
not reading a contract
turning my basement into a bullpen
putting icyhot inside my vagina
causing my mates gf to brake up with him
trying to resolve beef
punching my gf in the throat
eating a space cake before the movie.
Letting myself get tipsy talked into trying acid with my neighbor, my brother, and my stepsister.
squeezing the hand sanitizer too much and making my left eye blind for a week
Danced naked in front of boyfriend’s parents
Working from home....
spilling boiled water.
getting caught holding a buttplug
misunderstanding directions at my new job
mispronouncing the brand name ACCUCOLD several times in a meeting.
saying I wished a murdered child was dead
drinking water in bed
listening to Lumpy and the Dumpers
totaling a loaner car
not checking the fifth wheel before tried to lift. RIP my back.
using my boyfriends mothers towel she uses on her private parts as a hand towel
shorting our stores drawers and over depositing.
accidentally farting during a recorded lecture.AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
telling my friend that I have to go to surgery
sticking in a fork to an electrical plug
accidentally filing as a dependent for the Coronavirus tax relief. Guys, today I fucked up really badly. In fact, I reaaaally need someone’s help on this. I’m genuinely freaking out.
shouting at my grandparents to "smile if they masturbate"
in the heat of passion
Tofu by using are poor choice of word play and making a girl think I was sexually harassing her
eating a yoghurt while on my period.
putting peppermint oil on my penis
cracking up an old malteaser
when I lost my temper and called my dad a “fucking asshole” right next to my mom and grandparents
with my rechargeable vibrator
getting scammed
telling my GF that she looked fantastic and thus accelerating the end of our relationship
Get $500 with Everyday Winner!
giving a ballpoint pen to an idiot
First date I felt like I fucked up (M19)
showing a picture of my grandmas dog.
letting the cat get my wife pregnant...
unknowingly creating a virus and deleting 2.3 TB of data from my friend's hard drives.
buying too much $GME
There might have been about
getting high to go watch Cats.
my butt
trying to sneak a zip-lock bag full of M&amp;M's into a movie theater inside my Ugg boots while not making sure that the bag was sealed and ending up with the inside of my boot and foot covered in melted chocolate.
burning my vajayjay
getting caught having sex while I was over my girldriend house
making cyanide in the school laboratory
being terrible about someone else's name
Language is hard
lying that me and a coworker got married
after mistakenly thinking a female security guard was male
ruining my chance to see Machu Picchu.
telling my coworker to f*** off on my first day. I quit a few minutes later.
Don't take my cigarettes
trimming in the bathroom sink
Aquaguard RO Water Purifier available in Best Price | Aquaguard RO Service +91-800-603-5444
ruining a friendship because of past feelings
making a troll account and catching feelings for a former white supremacist.
ruining chances of landing my dream job.
crashing a random girl's room about to throw my hoodie on her bed when she was sleeping
masturbating after an abdominal workout
going for a stroll in the wrong forest.
writing 'Happy Birthday' in a condolences card
making unreasonable demands at Qdoba
Not Knowing How Strong Dab Hits Are
I plagiarized my midterm exam.
letting the concierge into my room
being the cause of a manhunt on a cruise ship
not really paying attention to my gf's proposal for some down &amp; nasty shit
wiping with something other than toilet paper
Mildly embarrassing, will replay in my mind for eternity!
missing my chance with a girl that moved to another country today
forgetting to close the door properly and accidentally having my brother (22) find out I (18) wear diapers
calling my sisters (Ex)Boyfriend
not sealing my colostomy bag
complementing my mailman shoes
popping a boner while hugging my aunt and cousin ~ NSFW
flinging pen cartridges, rubbers and pen accessories in class, ended up starting a class riot.
putting an incompatible RAID Smart Array Controller in a HPE Gen10 Proliant losing a ton of data....
not asking out my crush
shooting our dog
losing my wallet and all of my artwork
Today I Fucked Up Being High
drinking coffee with MCT oil hitting a dog with my truck
giving someone hentai sauce on a public post
sleeping through a scheduled call with a college counselor.
taking a little too much of an edible
when my mom found out that I was not attending school and not taking my quizzes and exams.
being a complete dipshit causing unnecessary problems for people
cleaning my bike with toilet roll
accidentally calling my ex and literally shitted myself!
having sex after I sh1t my pants.
releasing a rattlesnake in our apartment
indirectly breaking both of my cousin’s ankles on his graduation
telling the the girl at work I have a thing for her
giving "tips" to a Premium Snapchat girl
leaving early on my graveyard shift.
syncing my gallery to Google Photos
being the "bystander" in the bystander effect
and disconnected the internet
telling my friend I support LGBTQ+
for using a money saving app 2 years ago
putting a TMNT quote on my pizza order and making the employees think I was a jerk.
stripping down on graduation day with a professor that has a vendetta in sight
smoking weed on a Zoom call
lying on my resume.
exceeding maximum length of an assignment 3-4 times
accidentally leaving my skirt tucked in behind the elastic and then strolling through town in my underwear.
passing gas during an online lecture with 200 other students.
breaking my friends toilet and snuck out mortified...
falling off a cliff into a wasp nest
wearing a toupee on a first date
exposing myself to my coworkers.
burping cos I ate too much
shouting at the Representative to the Parliament of Australia
be being a horny PoS
continuing to follow this subreddit.
making a cancer joke to a cancer patient.
inviting my crazy alcoholic ex over for a hook up
telling a strange man I whipped my moms naked ass with a rope..
asking my bf to call me a cute name
farting to blow my cover
doing anal in the shower.
Fuck
calling my crush "cutie"
starting a religious war in my school
forgetting to change the code
Seeing What My Dad Wanted For Dinner
having a chunk of a crayon in my ear
smoking to much weed
not quitting my job
I'm doing a challenge where I make money at home.
while on a video call
drinking wine lastnight.
BADLY! BY ACCIDENTALLY SUBMITTING NUDES TO MY COURSEWORK ASSIGNMENT LIST THINKING IT WAS AN ASSIGNMENT! I need prayers please! Help me!
sitting in the back of the school bus
giving oral sex to married man I met on Grindr
setting a Strawberry Shortcake doll on fire in a hotel and making my classmates scared of me
downloading TikTok
reheating taco bell in my oven and nearly setting my apartment building ablaze, while blazed.
adding a 0 too much
only selling my textbooks for $15
falsely claiming to speak fluent french to my wife’s parents 6 years ago and now we’re going to Paris together
taking my luck for granted.
telling my father i have a hemorrhoid
I fucked up by calling chips weed.
playing a prank on my fiancee.
update: I really did FU by getting myself knocked up
telling my mom's friend off without me knowing it was her mom, in front of her
Nsfw:  not realising my phone was connected to my housemates speaker.
A classmate didn’t have their zoom mic muted so my professor heard me call him a Hungarian jerk
asking my crush who’s their crush
crashing a funeral, hard.
having hash and throwing up on my poor boyfriend.
vaping pee
forgetting how immature I was as a young teenager
thinking my students were talking about porn stars
forgetting to get my pornography deleted
installing my Power Supply upside down on my PC almost destroying the whole rig and refunding a ton of games I got for super cheap during the Summer Sale on Steam
slipping on a frosty step
By Driving to the Mexican Consulate in Los Angeles.
being horny at my cousins house during her birthday.
shaving my head
my inability to shut the fuck up
calling a succulent a succubus
getting hammered on whiskey and eating a boat load of cottage cheese.
trying to be nice about a bathroom
not answering my school's daily surveys.
with my loud computer
Pissing in a park while on mushrooms.
chugging whiskey
my leaving my bird out and my dog ate it
slipping
having pop up headlights and getting blinded
going bathroom is the locker room bathroom
having a shitty day (literally)
thinking I can ride a bike like I did as a kid without an practice and a ten year break
Being an unintentional outlaw and nearly getting arrested.
And Accidently Bad-Mouthed A store in front of its owner
my penis
on neighborhood watch.
going to a DL Hughley stand up Comedy show
enthusiastically applying fake it until you make it mentality in an interview then landing the job.
asking my sister for a kiss in front of her boyfriend without clarifying the candy.
texting the management company we're trying to rent from that she's bad at her job
asking a girl if she was in her period, I have bruses on my arm now
ruining my instant pot because i was horny
ruining my life
realizing too late I liked someone
cooking naked
when I sent my daughter a pic of me looking like I was recreating the murder by cop in MN,
joking about my boyfriend’s father’s possible death taking a dump at a local Starbucks
unknowingly telling my crush I loved him.
How to make / earn money while you're in quarantine?
sleeping with my wireless earbuds in
ignoring warning signs and almost dying of septic shock.
NSFW glory hole
letting my girlfriend know I want more kids
not realizing how loud a vibrator is
reading a reddit post that mentioned the word " incel"
accidentally providing my information to scammers
walking in on my brother masturbating
This happened yesterday. With my 42nd birthday in 2020, I should’ve known!
ignoring my squishy brakes
leaving my 9 week old puppy home alone for 7 hours
Shutting down the entire computer system at work
mixing up the dates to a wedding and a funeral and wearing the wrong outfit to both.
falling asleep and locking my mom out of the house
I sexually moaned in a public bathroom
facing my fear
trusting my asshole
Hentai mistake
saving gay ship pics on my phone
kissing my toddler’s booboo
trusting one quick google search
being really hungry and almost being shot by the police
For calling out a girl with her period
I shit my pants and told no one .
ordering a sex toy to my SOs Mom's P.O. box
My Discord Story
Walking in...
I slept walked and ate a plate covered in PB
grossing out my boyfriend with my period blood.
ranting extensively about coworkers mistake at work
pissing on a tree
fucking my roommates French teacher in our apartment
Fire balls...
destroying my new smartphone in the 1st week
shitting my pants in a therapy session
watching questionably acceptable porn while on company VPN (personal computer)
answering a call like an asshole
letting my wife catch me peeing in the sink
ordering an anime body pillow cover with my Social media name
Eating bad food
falling into a wall I'd just plastered
doing my taxes without speaking to anyone
not being careful while take the cereal out, and I smashed an entire bottle of olive oil!
inviting a date over and watching a movie
proposing a new rule for this sub
spraying salad dressing all over the kitchen
accidentally telling my girlfriend's dad that I'm ploughing his daughter
sending a dp to a good friend
breaking my phone screen while playing an online game.
bricking my MacBook Pro trying to play Fall Guys
leaving a USB with NSFW at work over the weekend
Rape? I Forgot to flush! FML
giving a blowjob.
trying to recreate some Facebook post of a dog
texting a horrible Jewish slur to my friend, who’s Jewish.
falling asleep after masturbating.
telling my girlfriend I would eat her out like my dog
Tofu by lighting a candle
not looking at the gender sign on the bathroom
I put biofreeze on my balls
getting my friend a hentai game with all of his favorite characters loaded onto it
wearing white to a wedding
not knowing what a memory card was a thing when I was younger.
putting IcyHot on my nuts
Dumping in a Dunkin'
making a sex joke and pissing off an older man who didn't get it.
by promising mom i wouldn't kill myself
making the Baka mitai meme with my friends pictures
sending a text msg to my insurance agent talking shit about him that was meant for someone else
4 years ago...
not changing me reddit name when making my account
being misheard in class.
not knowing who wrote Alice in Wonderland
My cat in the dishwasher
OMG ITS A FIRE!
I just took a dump in a toilet that is out of service
Me and my girlfriend cought on camera..
playing a video game in the bus
pissing in a Chick-Fil-A cup.
forgetting I was presenting in a meeting, and bringing up a podcast about white rappers
Eating Mac &amp; Cheese
yelling “URANUS” in my science class when we were learning about planets
Don't stay alone in a voice chat for too long. Especially not when you're feeling "sexy"
withdrawing my earnings
How do I come clean.
Running to the bathroom
making a comment about my friend's nephew's unibrow
mistakenly tagging my friend on an old picture of my crush on facebook :(
Pinching Off My Pinch Stream
stubbing my toe.
leaving a condom in the shower
forgetting to lock the door
By baking bread
teaching a girl the meaning of the C-word in front of her older brother
sexing a sex and then sexing sex sex
Banned from r/funny
I learned that I've been FU for months and kitties got nuclear revenge
typing in my online classroom chat box "I am the best"
That one time when I learned that laxatives were not too be trifled with. alternately, the plane trip from hell.
forgeting that my bathroom has a small hole, that an eye can see thru.. NSFW maybe?
getting high and almost burning down my boyfriend’s house
stealing a man's ripped panties
eating beets.
Today, I f’d up by jerking off in front of a bot account which now wants to try and ruin my life
factory resetting my phone
NSFW attempting first anal.
having a happy ending during a pelvic exam.
up by using grindr
with my girlfriend
stabbing myself with an epipen
unknowingly calling my friend by a racial slur.
stabbing myself in my toe with my toe nail
Learned  reading an ELI5 on reddit.
getting gas with my boyfriend.
warning my girlfriend about the dangers of driving at night.
looking through a window
putting forbidden butter on my pancakes
working on my motorcycle
Today I fucked up by embarrassing myself at a shop
accidentally disclosing a coworkers person life situation to almost all of our other coworkers
shoving my massive 11 in cock in my gamer girlfriend pussy
sending my lawyer screenshots about bbc, alcohol, and saying that’s gay. FML
telling the wrong guy I'm super into him and want to exclusively date, and this wrong dude proceeded to be very excited by this....
how I lost weight in a week.
thinking I had tapeworms
having smartlock on while at work
vomiting onto the bride
not peeing in the bathroom
getting water in my ear through my nose
Obliterating a rat in my engine compartment
telling my girlfriend she looks like Gamora
100 ONLYFANS LEAKS
laughing at something i shouldnt have laughed about
not protecting my innocent vagina from stink bugs
How we unsuccefully rescued a baby bird
How I told the guy delivering my Amazon order to fuck off
going barbecuing with my friends
dressing up as a pirate and scaring my old bully from middle school.
as a white 30yo male calling two black elderly men “boy”
clipping my toenails in my work restroom
dropping a nearly full roll of toilet paper into the trash can.
saying 4 words
making poutine at 4 am
discovering my parents have divorced
be releasing Dubia roaches in my house
losing my keys
sticking my thumb up my dogs ass.
telling my patient it was "Nice" that his girlfriend stabbed him so bad he needed surgery.
offering feminine products to a customer
trying to become closer to my crush and it turned to a major disaster
running through the school assembly screaming "IT WAS ME!"
forsaking my dream of becoming a Pokémon Master
threatening a kid with a bloody knife
accidentally rubbing capsaicin cream on my vagina.
not breaking up with my "girlfriend"
wearing red to my best friend's wedding and doing a cultural taboo!
forgetting to set an alarm
I didn’t pass the test for my driving license
accidentally biting my tongue so hard while eating it bled and has a noticeable mark
using the bathroom in the middle of the night
drinking a beer replying to a girl who I thought was messaging me but later realized it was in the FUCKING GROUP CHAT!!!...FUCKkkkk!!!
almost possibly blowing my hairdryer up and starting a fire
doing yoga
saying I don't eat something I love at a work party.
getting stuck in zip ties when I was home alone.
leaving my iPhone next to my used cum sock
Never left alone at dentist office again...
zoning out at the airport
not buying Bitcoins
accidentally sending a power rangers sticker to my crush over Facebook
putting my dick in a pulse oximeter and injuring my foreskin
pulling over to pee, getting caught upside down in a fence and wetting myself.
making people think I married another man and no on was surprised.
Today is just so depressing for me
Australia on fire: hilarious story
Parent Supervision SUCKS
telling my Clash of Clans clanmates that I was dead
doxxing someone
trying to cut/shave my beard a little.
rickrolling my entire class.
sleeping on the job
telling a colleague that I find her attractive
Today i fucked up by trying to do more push ups than my body can handle. making myself do 200 push ups with pain
not knowing how to spell Fahrenheit..
leaving a YouTube stream On as I went to sleep
accidentally exposing my friends mother's breasts while drunk
posting my husband's dick on Snapchat
helping a known mate
Funny Gay Coffee Mug
thinking I was dying
making chocolate milk
mixing up my sister’s boyfriends.
drinking hot coffee on a LazyBoy
having LOUD and WILD sex with my SMOKIN HOT girlfriend
missing the internet guy. During lockdown.
Boyfriend Blew Up Minecraft World, Way To Reverse??
not washing a bowl i ate noodles out of and then eating cereal out of
unintentionally exposing my naked self to my GF's sister.
rearranging furniture
losing The Game
making ice
not locking up my front tire
watching a weird movie with my cousins
telling a well known politician to be dead soon in front of a big audience
laughing then proceeding to fall
leading my parents on...
sucking on my poop covered finger
telling my friend about my crush
trusting my mind instead of my heart
I poured chemicals down the lab sink
telling a close friend who I liked
not realising I had back pockets
sending pizza to an enemy’s house
making my edgy friend have an existential crisis
vy making my skin 100× worse with a pore vaccum
How I fucked my life in a year
Eating Human Meat
not walking a few extra steps.
when my mom caught me masturbating
FaceTiming my mother on my MacBook Pro
standing on my bed
Saying The Wrong Thing In A Discord Chat
when I locked my keys in the truck
wearing a bra backwards
getting drunk and trying to sleep with my friend's wife
Because I didn't invest on a proper lock, I got my bike stolen from me.
sniffing really hard after a sneeze.
not thinking before responding to a text message from an unknown number.
NSFW but getting out of bed tired, slipping on a bottle and needed stiches where a man never wants them
accidentally super liking an old acquaintance on Tinder
my first job interview (from 30+ applications)
and now there is a huge spider somewhere in my room underestimating the force of water
I got blackmailed by a scammer on East Meets East
sleeping with my wife’s twin
posting about a wet dream of an actor I’m attracted to on Reddit
opening Bixby in the dark
making my teacher kick me out of a google meet and sending him a terribly written email in response.
not putting bandaids on my nipples before the morning run
TDIF: meeting NoDoz for the first time
having to get divorced for the third time
Working 26 Days in a Row
Masturbating with Headpohnes
calling my bf a beaner
bouncing a utility check
challenging a Police Officer to arrest me
being entirely too Free in my apartment.
kissing my wife goodbye.
sending a final version of my master's thesis to my supervisors with a page literally acknowledging my butt.
lying in an interview
making fun of my friends dead dad
Something I feel very very bad about (not clickbait)
putting the old batteries in the microphones used in performances and rehearsals.
not being on the same wavelength as my wife
getting yelled at in a different country in a different language.
looking at my phone while at a stoplight
opening a message on Facebook
believing my friend’s mind games on Snapchat
Exploding Pierogis!
Getting Caught By My Parents Masyerbating To My Naked Sister
heloo
I learnt that it's 'train of thought' and not 'trail of thought'
I am now a chain smoker
feeding my lactose intolerant stomach with half a pumpkin pie and a bowl of extra spicy ramen
Discord Nitro
having more protein in my shake than I bargained for.
when I let my son drink from a normal glass
being around while an AirPod fell
strangling a little girl because she spent my Club Penguin coins
dislocating my friends jaw.
forgetting I’m in school
jerking off with a rando over FB
Today I fucked up by being an absolute high moron with a blow torch.
when I fled the scene starting a police investigation
I broke my tooth by swiping my pants
sending in a job acceptance letter by 6 hours
putting my face over the popcorn pan.
TDIF by kicking my cousin in the chest and resulting in him being hospitalised.
having one of the worst interviews imaginable.
assuming my father in law was asleep
shouting "Scrotum Beards" in front of my mom
when I tried to move the elf on the shelf
showing my therapist my ass on the first day
hacking off a piece of my own finger
leaving my college admissions counselor an eight minute phone message and telling him I loved him.
throwing a flag wrong and breaking a girl's nose.
visiting my ex's Reddit feed, it's a shame he didnt open up to me as much as he did Reddit &lt;\3
pissing off my girlfriend who's on her period
having the sexiest sex of anyone who ever sexed
calling a girls religious outfit a costume
getting freaky with my girlfriend after handling Jalapeños
Running away from ticket inspectors after giving them my id
being too nice about listening to Christmas music
confessing my love for someone while donating blood
trying to be a kids step dad and making the mom cry
sending nudes to my best friend.
having sex with my gf after going to the beach
trying to farm karma with a post about how either me or my SO got burned genitals from not washing pepper spray off my extremities before sex act.
ASKING ABOUT A HONEYMOON
mentioning I got flashbacks to my girlfriend when she moved out
Pranking My Mom Instead of My Dad
getting my boyfriend an engament ring.
not leaving this sub sooner
still being alive
telling all my secrets to my fake friend for social acceptance
gyoza
returning a guy's keys at the gym...
hulking out on a valve connection and creating a geyser.
mixing up two cute lines, creating a couch surfers insult.
posting a picture of my workplace on reddit.
thinking someone was a drug addict
getting laundry together
accidentally sending my mom a TITLE of a NSFW video
watching Star Wars Prequels first with my brother.
creating a fartmergency
provoking a llama one time too many
not using special test taking facilities
talking smack about a job I applied for to the recruiter.
trying to make new pool even better
finding a spray bottle of conditioner while dropping acid at home.
being too good at cheating
almost calling my BF by my ex’s name when he was going to town down there.
Crush problems
being gay to my parents
getting my balls twisted
rescuing a ferret
Dammit man lol
fucked up at the mall
accidentally leaving edibles out.
leaving the lid down
getting changed in my room
my flirting with my trans friend.
that I thought I had a brain tumor but I'm just an idiot.
addressing a random guy as “Ava”.
Falling Asleep On Reddit
going out into the forest all alone..
burning my retina
telling my brother about my reddit username and he saw me being horny af here
telling my teacher she did the very least to teach us. telling everyone a new word I learned from Lord of the Rings
Title
getting too high and dropping a spicy pickle in my Powerade.
walking downstairs.
trusting Microsoft with my college assignments.
posting a memorial for my grandma with the wrong photo.
hiding the receipt to the engagement ring I just bought poorly... My GF found it while I was at work.
Any chance you could do a kickstarter or patreon to turn all these into a Manga Comic?
talking to an insurance company accident posting from my friend’s account
ejaculating on my doctors face
thinking there was something wrong with my GPU
teaching my manager how to attach searched google images to emails
matching residents aggression. NEED IMMEDIATE ASSISTANCE PLEASE!
realizing I am the shitty neighbor....
showing accidentally porn (not mine) to a collegue while browsing a broken hard disk
being lazy and pee at the window.
watching football
carelessly leaving out evidence of a grudge I was holding against someone who had no idea.
jjj
ruining Christmas and Santa for my cousins
wanting to get laid
making a dead grandma joke too soon.
Hooving Glass
almost having my google home play sex noises
giving my 17 years old nephew some advice on how to meet women
absent-mindedly propositioning by wife's good friend for sex.
not realizing I have an allergy
playing a game of kick balls
insulting 2 family members in one sentence
reporting the wrong car/person for an amber alert
being scare of man or woman?
LPT Turns out "Gang bang" means something completely different.
drinking a double shot of espresso before work
wearing shorts to school
Snorting a Jewelry Bead Like Cocaine
like... real bad
ignoring my lactose intolerance
being unnecessarily aggressive to a complete stranger
crashing headlong into a cop car at slow speed.
B E I N G B O R N
chugging water in my mom's car
locking myself in the bathroom
jumping through my floor
accidentally texting my kids' grandmother
sleeping with my first cousin.
playing GTA V on a TV screen
not transferring old contacts into my new phone
getting careless about a 40 dude group of guys that had a secret horny agenda in our senior year of high school
not saying goodbye to my crush
cumming on my surgically operated wrist.
underestimating the power of 5 hour energy
HEAVY by sending flowers to my ex
trying to help a random drunk woman and looking like I was trying to hurt her.
trying to stop my cat escaping and terrifying my friend.
losing $50
giving a girl a cheap plastic ring that ended up getting stuck on her finger.
letting my friend climb through my window and getting suspected for a bankrobbery
buying Cyberpunk
Pulled out my butt hairs
giving a smurf a hand job
by following a simple routine.
looking disabled on my first day in school.
dyeing my hair red.
sending in some random kid’s immunization form for my own kids school enrollment
sharting at work in room full of people watching rugby world cup.
not making a fake sex story on r/and not getting that sweet karma
burning my dick while bathing.
telling the gas company person over the phone my ex wife's birthday instead of my wife's
I reject a girl's invitation and leave her with a sleaze; she won't let me forget
accidentally posting an OnlyFans screenshot to a Facebook group
oversleeping and missing a date.
not knowing how to use a cum sock
making an embarrassing 'typo' on a school poster
I punched my roommate when we were drunk now I might get charged
not giving the girl I love the space she needed
setting my pubes on fire (nsfw)
moisturizing my hands
We smell like skunk spray
MY 22Y/O COUSIN OF OPPOSITE SEX SAW ME NAKED
I fucked up REAL bad...
Caused my crush to face plant into my chest
not knowing my GF's habits
walking on the bed
Worst Tinder Fuck Up Yet....
getting up early
my driving practice so bad, my instructor tricked me into taking him to get his meds.
introducing my little brother to anime
clicking on a link on YouTube
ruining my microwave and delicious lasagna with a gold plated plate.
drinking bleach.
at work because I used Arnold's Schwarzenegger's voice as a klaxon alarm and it went off during a high profile tour.
By holding on to the past..
setting of a handicap alarm in the toilet.
walking my trachea into this cat tower in the dark
trying to get a kitten a home
telling my friend she’s part of a pyramid scheme commenting my opinion on a post that had asked for it and got banned permanently
moving to Alabama
or more correct my stomach fu by desiding f me up by made me run to a toilet...witch didnt work
running my car into my boss’s car in the parking lot
attempting to duel a bat with nothing but a Hefty garbage bag
telling my vegetarian co worker how many bugs they eat.
being part of something bizarre (Sorry for the pun in regards)
More Like This Year I F####ed up
manufacturing a shitty-ass button that says "FUCK TRUMP". It's banned from being advertised on any social media sites, I ordered 1000 but Amazon would only accept 200, and Amazon won't allow it to be searched for, and I took out a loan of $4750 to launch it that I can't pay back.
ruining my relationship.
reading reddit AMAs of camgirls instead of sleeping
using lacquer thinner to clean my new monitor
getting called 'dicks enormous' and getting slightly embarrassed
using a VPN and ruining a tv show
Accidentally did too much work, which wasn't necessary.
letting my secret out
permanently burning in a mid-2000s eastern european soap opera into my phone display
I got permenantly banned from r/memes
ending my brothers relationship(s)
first time out at the bar alone and I get too drunk and high and throw up on the outside patio
choosing to dye my hair brown
at being a father
ignoring my mom because of an argument, which led to her driving to my house and getting into an accident on the corner of my street.
drinking orange juice after brushing my teeth
loving puns
getting my teacher to say the n-word.
accidentally uploading a very inappropriate Tik Tok to my professional Instagram.
wanting to take care of laundry to help out around the house.
being open and honest about anatomy with my toddler and not locking a door
taking a woman's donation request literally
falling over while taking a piss
faking my identity to my husband
spilling a McDonald’s cup of week old piss all over myself and the kitchen floor
inviting my neighbor in
bt eating beets
calling my boss out
sending my
not concentrating properly while studying
accidentally eavesdropping
shitting on my best friend’s Dad
being grateful for what I have
putting my {body part} on {relations} {body part} after making {spicy food}
teaching my friend's baby "cheers"
making Minecraft villager noises during sex and ruining my relationship
forgot to turn off my camera, now all girls in my class saw me naked
accidentally getting high out of my mind at a restaurant
being drunk, playing Randonautica, filming a drug deal by mistake, and accidentally convincing my SO we were going to be murdered
buying a pinochle deck of cards for Texas Holdem.
blowing the chance of having sex for the first time
breaking my arm because I did not have the Jiu Jitsu skills I had when I was 13 years old.
Flooded foor
stealing condoms
drinking NyQuil at work not knowing what it was
getting my 8 year old cousin drunk.
following a iced cappuccino recipe on Tik Tok.
trusting a power brick
visiting the suicide forest (Aokigahara)
forgetting about a first date with my crush because of Fortnite
thinking the ban games subreddit wasn't satire
forgetting the leash.
thinking this sub actually had good mods
telling a cop don’t flatter yourself
not placing the candy box right
going to the bar for the first time ever with my friend (wholesome ending)
landing myself in a hospital after taking weed oil under the tongue, then swallowing it
doing art trades while having tendonitis
hurting my trainers feelings
telling the school janitor that I masturbated in the school toilet.
unmuting myself to scream like Gollum during a video call
making my wife worry about my health
attending the wrong class
petting a friendly neighbourhood cat
turning a school assignment into an aggressive rant
Wanna talk about money...life change and make friends then join my server
hitting a pole in my fiancée’s brand-new sports-car, the car her father gave her, the same father who hates me..
Today I fucked up working on my car
trying to teach my children how to self-censor.
Caught my 16 year old with weed....
accidently slapping my sister in the tit
making a WWIII joke in front of an Iranian kid.
thinking a customer was paying with a banana
GETTING SHIT ALL OVER MY BUDDIES GIRLFRIENDS TOOTHBRUSH TL;DR
My dad shot an arrow on the head of my sister.
accidentaly ratting on some kids to their dad (my taxi driver)
overdosing because I kept forgetting I already took enough Tylenol.
and got a slug on my scrotum...
linking a porn gif onto the work slack channel
getting a boner to a song of a war commander
telling my girlfriend how to cook.
ordering a salami pizza with extra salami for a vegetarian
taking a fetish joke literally for months.
I got wasted in front of my boyfriends brother and roommate.
getting caught up on my depressive mood and almost getting laid with a married woman
witnessing a horrible accident
consuming too much cucumber
causing an entire hotel to be evacuated and not knowing how to explain the problem in German.
trying to hit on a girl
A small fuck that might cost me a friendship
Drunk at new years party and put a taco on my friends gf's face
REQUEST]
giving myself a bloody nose due to muscle memory.
making my math teacher cry
forcechoking my sister
completely messing up a once-in-a-lifetime purchase
saving 40% or more on car insurance (It Was An IP Tracker !!!)
not asking the visitors if they are vegetarian
trying to grow butterflies.
letting my girlfriend kiss me while I was driving.
trying a hot sauce from Hot Ones
sexy sex and masterbating.
eating gravel on eggs
not enabling autosave on Word
Placed my hand on what I thought was my gf leg..
making a bomb meatloaf for my friend and making my neighbors hate me
at the gas station.
calling my dad a piglet.
I had horrible food poisoning and didn’t even know it
running an advanced green light.
ruining a good thing
deciding I was done drinking and offering my drink to a random woman
talking to my cousin
sending my dad/pastor a meme the was about whipping jesus's ass in the parking lot
forgetting to turn my computer off
crying over a test
buying, and losing, handcuffs
my mom almost saw me nude on my phone
inadvertently allowing my coworker to almost kill everyone at work
calling a friend of my discord group a bitch
creating an anonymous blog with funny or annoying quotes I hear from clients at work?
POOP VOLCANO
peeing in my pants 3 meters away from the bathroom and right in front of my boyfriend
PLEASE HELP I DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO
Embarrasing moment of my life
I unintentionally introduced my friend to someone I seem to have never truly got over...
trying to keep my dog safe over my parents’ greed
getting in a hot tub
launching a spice ball into my eyeball
gassing myself
bringing too many Schubert Rolls to a Friendsgiving
trusting my coworker and he snitched on me with false accusations
Tofu by getting suspended and sent to alternative school
After Getting Ass Drunk and Headbutting Someone
Got an Oculus Quest for Christmas. Destroyed it in under 10 minutes.
squashing a cockroach right before our flight back home (please help)
misunderstanding my dad and being irrationally upset about cookies
letting my nieces name my tattoo
Lifeguarding
getting arrested in NYC and held for 12 long hours
sticking the finger through a transparent part of the front door
thinking I could come out as gay to my VERY old fashioned grandparents
cheating on a math assignment
sexting a girl today
flashing my partner's 8yr old my boobs
giving myself a mustache stain on my upper lip.
making a bet on the super bowl.
not checking the crisps before eating them
adding jacking off and showing my face to a random person on the internet and now she is threatening to tell everyone I know
not having sex in my post
opening a Lipo (or Li ion) Battery
accidentally telling an old man "open your legs" while he was trying to buy some milk
getting distracted by a beautiful woman.
bleaching my hair 2 days in a row.
jumping into a lake in my bra/panties to save a man that turned out to be an elite military scuba diver in training
transferring to much money to our trading account.
leaving my backpack in the Ttc
kissing my boyfriend’s sister.
sending my teacher an inappropriate video by accident
telling this girl at work I would F*** her silly
asking my four year old what was inside a bean bag
accepting an offer to the gradschool which I can not afford to
drinking from the wrong bottle
The day I fucked up
being naively kind
relying too much on notifications on my workswhenhelikesit phone
just saying a single yes
I put deep heat on my balls and I try to piss in a sock
Falling Asleep
trying to show off my hamster
shitting myself in the middle of town at 6am
leaving some unsavory items on my dad's windowsill
messing up 4 times in quick succession at work
taking my want to prank scammers to a bad spot
Listening to my Wife
underestimating the sheer power of Soju
redecorating the garden
letting my dog sleep on my blanket and forgetting I am allergic to fur.
walking into my sons bedroom while he was masterbating with an artificial vagina and VR goggles
drinking three packets of coffee and make myself too giddy to even function right
mistaking a shopper for a staff member
Buy and offer positioning my ass the wrong way
missing online exam
telling a woman I started talking to, that my buddy masturbates to her.
I’m a racist idiot
pocket calling
well it isn’t today but one time...
My Bloody Valentine
making Obama look like a massive racist.
Asparagus Pee
almost going a full zombie and biting a piece of flesh out of my wife.
telling some girls at work that I am closely related to orangutangs.
Wasting A Telemarketers Time
trying to watch The Last Us 2 gameplay on a Windows Tablet.(SPOILER FREE)
trying to get into a random guy’s car
Time I fucked up taking wrong drugs.
complimenting a guys eyes to my mom while waiting in line and he probably assumed I was being racist from the look he gave us
missing a critically important deadline.
causing years of insomnia
forgetting farts have no language barrier
getting super drunk
getting permanently banned from Reddit
bear-macing my bedroom
trying to use the shower head as a bidet
getting lost in the streets as a tourist
praying to Satan and almost burning my parents’ house down
having Discord open
talking about getting a new dog with my girlfriend
mentioning my friends EX for for months whilst unbeknownst to me they had broken up Calling my Pastor a Bitch.
leaving a sex toy on my nightstand as I leave for an eight day trip.
taking 30 mg of adderall and fucking my ass with a vibrator
eating Pudding, Yogurt, and Peanut Butter for breakfast.
introducing my(27F) bf(25M) to Reddit.
sending my first dick pic
posting sum dumb s**t on r/gaming
Pissed myself on an 8 hour drive
I left my computer login on my computer.
almost crashing my car because i have the memory of a goldfish
almost lighting myself on fire
going to a concert, running out of gas, and getting my Dad's truck towed
misspelling my wife's name on a tattoo.
washing my cat... in the actual washing machine.
literally screaming at a CFO
I am the master of electricity ⚡️
giving my waiter the finger
procrastinating.
asking a woman why she brought a gun on the first date
Today I stubbed my toe so hard it took a chunk out of it. Thats Pretty much it.
being confused by my date's orgasm
Enjoying Rough Sex NSFW
eating some shrooms
thinking I almost killed my 8-month-old son.
messaging my ex.
giving myself a haircutTDIFU by Reading my Daughter's Email
repeatedly hitting my son in the face for playing Fortnitemaybe?) by accidentally cursing about someone when they were still on the phone
Today I fucked up by not muting myself in a call.
having hot sex with my girlfriend when her Mom walked in!!
hitting my tailbone and almost fainting.
sprinting outside the store to give someone their “left behind” groceries.
A really awkward moment
squeezing my cousins boob during movie time.
I used the wrong file format and it cost me my degree in law. posting that I fed my dog an edible.
turning down a girl
calling my professor Daddy
reviewing the service at the local sex shop
making our work Slack akward
I ate taco bell and drank coffee
Fainted in front of Urologist
Saying The Wrong Thing
The spice is not kind to my behind
drinking after the COVID vaccine
By breaking my toilet with my face
having anal
having a nap after my exam and sleeping for 13 hours missing dinner with a friend who’s going away for a year.
Downvote me
discovering my ex had been cheating on me
getting hangry with my friend on a night out getting upset with my crush because I was hangry and she had to go home
I have feelings for my Mother-in-Law.
film glass with patterns on it
attempting a massage
watching a comedy movie with my wife
sleeping in my car.
telling my family I sell feet content
getting a mouse graveyard stuck to my oven.
making my pregnant neighbor puke
falling for a fake check scam of my entire tax refund
trying to take a shit at work and ending up passed out on the floor of the bathroom surrounded by my managers.
drinking a Mountain Dew
not doing the math myself
watching HBO
invading my brother's personal space
losing contact with my family.
mistaking deodorant for lip balm.
texting my bf while half asleep
thinking I poked myself blind
Today I fucked up by calling my teacher "mama".
trying to nair my pussy
exchanging blood with my rabbit.
I ran over my dog
suggesting the anime show "Goblin Slayer" to my teacher. In front of his face. I'm 14.
sending tit pics to Amazon
Instagram predicted search got wierd on me; Help?
The orange juice from hell
forgetting gay couples exist
Must know about this book please
pissing off the WTF subreddit
getting hammered, losing car, lying about it to cover up binge drinking
being speaking in Russian to Ukranian seniors.
being a reckless idiot financially
marathon gaming and giving my wife a concussion blowing the the train’s fuse
Almost got me and my friends beaten over a campfire
taking my phone in the shower for sex prep.
dm'ing someone about.. yes.. Animal Crossing
going to the wrong airport
when I told a rude and belittling customer she was going to expire soon.
wasting my time reading posts on reddit
leaving on my crush on delivered
hitting my brother with my charger
Playing Megalovania
spilling gasoline all over myself
TIFI by making my own cold brew for the first time
and drunk dialed my boss 5 times
accidentally starting a memorial fund for my rapist
saying “City Morgue”
wearing the wrong shirt in Japan
accidentally making it look like I was pretending to be trans for attention in pride month
Didn't realize I had my phone still connected to Bluetooth.
having the worst nightmare of my life
spilling milk everywhere
Trying To Be Frugal
not trying on t-shirts
masturbating (and aggressively at that) for the first time in over a year and not using lube
being horny
reminiscing my favorite childhood toys with my mom...
sneaking out and then getting pulled over by the cops
Oops, how do I explain
Not Hearing a Stranger/Customer Correctly
telling my teacher she sucks
and the drawers on my shift were $10 under AGAIN
I think i offended my crush accidentally
purchasing a fleshlight and shipping it to my grandparents
telling everyone my dad is dead
teaching my dog to get a boner on command
burning a hole in blanket i have been crocheting for 6 months.
forgetting my mom was home
eating a piece of delicious silk pie
helping an old lady up the stairs.
realizing I'm really into sex dolls (NSFW)
assuming that la website that I last visited seven years ago is now overrun with Chinese advertisements would not hurt my soul. But it did.
I'm a bad person.
pissing off and confusing airport security
buying my first stock, making $2 profit, and selling it without knowing of the 1.5% tax fee when selling resulting in a loss of $5.
using hair removal cream after a 36 km run
took a crap in front of my house
almost deleting my little sister's Google account
almost passing out in the bathroom after accidentally making chloroform in the toilet
Accidently sent a naughty video to my friends
not propping the bathroom door open....
just wanting to spend some time with my friends
getting scammed and losing an account for a game that i worked hard for.
joking and saying the geese were 'playing'
fuck p my channel with much subscribers - do this
Cut some telephone wires; get threatened to be stab by knife
accidentally telling my classmate who my crush is.
bringing my friend over with her dog at midnight
taking Xanax
forgetting what really happened to my best friend’s dad
getting mugged for a PS5
Sucking My Penis (They Watched The Entire Thing!!)
hitting a fat vape.
accidentally donating all my rent money
buying a pair of sneakers from a drug dealer...
being accidentally discriminatory
Tripping onto Chestnut Spikes
realizing for the past 3 years I’ve been using laundry detergent as dishwashing detergent. TL;DR
Today I fucked up by asking my mom where she had been.
a good relationship with porn addiction removing my Professor in our group chat
my daily routine
putting Peroxide into my ear canal
flashing my engaged professor.
Yesterday IFU by getting the moving truck stuck
not removing an Asshole from my Costco account
swallowed wet plastic bonder
leaving my door open when its usually closed
calling my fiancee easy!
making my mom think I am gay
asking for marinara sauce.
fingering my own asshole
masturbateing in bed, my brother walked in, I panicked and clicked a video about Teddy Roosevelt, and it looked like I was masturbateing to it.
that I ate aluminium foil instead of lettuce
joking with the cleaning lady
submitting my college application without reviewing it
getting a boner from an female doctor, and ended up crying.
falling asleep at my computer desk and losing the ability to move my right hand
wanting to migrate in the US
parallel parking
accidentally killing my own kitten
realizing that eating an egg is the equivalent of eating a period.
Alway have some money tucked away, just in case...
breaking my leg on a “trampoline”
using video game terms around my non gamer friend
trying to microwave my phone dry
checking the google classroom to-do for my assignments
getting a bouncy ball stuck in my ass.
eating lukewarm food from a shitty supermarket
Cooking, eating and heading for booty town - good plan, bad outcome
accidentally deleting hundreds of songs off my phone
trying to squish a centipede
I was stupid
Whatever you do don't start chopping up jalapeños then scratch you jalapeñis.
Overcommitting
screaming to a old lady
getting drunk and calling my best friend and confessing that his girlfriend took sexually advantage me 8 years ago...
browsing NSFW on reddit
leaving a vibrator at my aunt's house
because i killed Brian Griffin
erasing a board
probably getting blacklisted from law school for accidental racism
eating the brown banana in my fridge.
I may have accidentally committed fraud
brushing my teeth with Vaseline (Petroleum Jelly)
Inviting a Homeless Man into My Home and He Pooped in a Bag in a Corner.
installing an SSD in my PS4
V-day: I fell for you💖 -my cookie to my choc milk
barfing during BJ
at work by telling my EMT partner we could bring a patient into the room "feet first" when the patient had recently lost both of his feet.
failing at the trust fall
losing my virginity, and coming out to my family all on the same day..
receiving my first nudes from my GF who is 2000 miles away.
when I was 14 I made a PayPal account
asking my wife and their girlfriend for competitive blow job
scratching my navel and sniffing it on a Zoom video call
Asking a Woman if it Was a Boy or a Girl
spitting while my electric toothbrush was still on
holding something for someone
throwing away the Christmas presents.
sharing my opinion on Reddit
on just finding out I have an undecend testicle
LPT: Always check the expiration date on chocolate bars
sending a private picture to the woman I have been best friends with for ten years
Telling my Dad I went off the pill
eating a forbidden blueberry
accidentally giving hope to a pregnant homeless woman and ended up losing my healthcare because of it.
thinking my first will get more than 5 upvotes
joking that our bar’s staff meeting was a secret intervention
discovering that I have azoospermia
any help. therapist is here.
I Choked On Candy While in the Shower
laughing too hard
helping my grandmother taking up a babysitting job NSFW
peeing myself in front of my boyfriend and my mom
forgetting to hide my male sex toys before an appraiser came to the house
getting the CoronaVirus
I am the reason my uncle's wedding fell apart in front of everyone
spreading a virus.
beating my meat so hard I bruised my face.
impersonating a turtle
almost getting frostbite on my dick.
hello welcome to mcdonalds
calling my African American co-worker an "Ape"
setting up Christmas decorations
not showing up on my virtual graduation
stalking my first ever crush
testing Nintendo’s safety feature
making my family believe someone broke into the house
making my teacher think I called her a n*gga
making a post about how i send nudes
getting my brother kicked out of rehab.
My Dream Date Was a Disaster
trying to rescue a baby owl
not realising how screen record works...
putting antifungal cream on poison ivy which u are supposed to keep dry
and made ( ͡° ͜ܠ ͡°)
slapping a cashier for humiliating me
almost setting fire to the house
getting stupid high and going to Walmart
Not moving away from falling boxes in time
for going home after the military semester
( my brothers story )  screaming to my mam and lost contact with my family
Being a Fan of The Official Podcast
giving alcohol to someone I didn't know and they had a problem.
Staring At a Females Butt Unintentionally
eating sushi and coffee around the same time which causes me to have a bad IBS mode.
making an anti-vax joke to a coworker
Bike got stolen (my fault)
shopping while stoned
finding my kids' mother on plenty of fish.
refusing to shake my boss's hand
forgetting that I had put my vibrator in my backpack and heard it turn on in the library
turning my heater on
falling down the rabbit hole...and my stairs... falling down a Reddit rabbit hole...and my stairs...
the dinner is ready
riding my bike uphill without holding the steering wheel
going shopping
showing my assistant the subreddit Today I Fucked Up. waking up in the middle of the night getting a charley horse and then going immediately back to sleep
might have broken a knuckle
Drunk Texting My Ex
talking to my best friends EX
streaking the quad in front of a professor I annoyed
inviting my family to a fancy restaurant.
saving a bunch of kittens from our basement.
opening a 2 week old Tupperware bowl in the locker room at work
looking at texting while walking in my house
video calling an old gf who I haven't spoke in ages while being on the toilet
getting crazy at a bar with Danny DeVito, resulting in gay sex
drinking
I sanatized a bee and it fley off
annoying little bro and he ran into a wall and cracked his head open
getting too comfortable with a very sharp blade
letting my colleagues screw up my Tinder date
2x in a row by forgetting my colleague's existence
getting my fingers stuck between two magnets, then my ball sack.
saying a offensive word in an argument
picking up the phone?
not taking enough breaks
watching a comedy show and telling jokes after being discharged from the hospital due to covid and nearly needing to go back to the hospital.
Send porn to two female friends
hitting someone with my car (he’s okay tho) after being a snarky bitch
ruining my gf’s relationship with her best friend who was a past sexual partner
Tofu by sending a hentai picture to my Landlord
getting too involved in a fantasy (NSFW)
not waiting until my parents are gone
mistaking Ghost of Tsushima for Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice
farting on a zoom call
burning my hands.
Parents found my weed stash (Again!)
clogging a toilet
accidentally ending someone’s marriage
for thinking i was pretty enough to have privilege (THE FOLLOWING)
liking a 2 year old post about my grandpa dying
talking shit
Blackout and the missing tamp
lying to a teacher
way of Paranoid Painted Fingernails.
accidentally drinking pee
accidentally crushing the spirits of a child
having my car shot at after booking with Priceline
killing a koala bear
making out with a friend, which is in a relationship
not having spare pants
accidentally making a dead baby joke to a coworker whose wife just had a miscarriage.
commenting on something, resulting in my sister finding my reddit name
falling into a well while drunk and being too stubborn to ask for help from my friends
as a result of celebratory masturbation
i forgot to save (my cousin story)
printing out a political contribution form
loading the dishwasher incorrectly
not checking my school email for two months
soiling my friends spare bed
moving a 400+ pound table by myself not having an ID or any money
painting my house after shaving and not showering.
playing crackopoly
having sex with my dog
Scientists have found that babies sometimes cry at night to prevent their parents from making another baby.
fainting while taking a shit.
spoiling my birthday present
messing with old family photos
not knowing that you were supposed to use shaving cream to shave.
giving out my information to a fake mod claiming i was enteted into a raffle, he said he needed my full name phone number and address
holding my poop in for to long
working out
only wearing a sweater over my bikini.
borrowing my dad's phone
waking up in middle of nightmare
watching porn at the gym
buying 12 pounds of raw fish
getting careless with a table saw
sharing my desktop instead of just a specific file during a Zoom meeting.
accidentally pasting my porn search term into a big work presentation
playing the wrong Vamos a la Playa as my first song of the decade
Invited to a 3 some that went terrible wrong!
Stuck between two cars
Not waking up in the same city I went to sleep in.
telling my married dad that his grad school girlfriend said hi
cutting myself off from ALL my friends
accidentally rebooting my mums macbook
I perfumed my asshole
forgetting about the cheese
Iu
accidentally opening a porn website in front of the entire class.
accidentally deleting a video that I had been working on for days just to change one little thing.
First Job mistakes
getting a COVID 19 test
Not Knowing How a Printer Works
Found out today I accidentally terrorized someone
dropping the soap. (Detergent)
not realizing my parents don't go to church physically during quarantine, and listening to my porn on full volume in the bathroom.
forgetting Reddit exists.
getting both ears pierced.
making out with my friend while thinking about my ex
trying to move a pillow in my sleep.
losing my wireless earbuds
sending my boss a voice message of me taking a horrific shit. NSFW
putting a magnet on a whiteboard
Fell victim to obviously sketch ball lady on Facebook
getting too high before a BDSM night
having a high pain tolerance
going to the bathroom in a foreign country
calling the cops on my neighbors when all they wanted to do was TIF
not emptying my bag before going to the airport
getting addicted to sniffing panties
texting a radio announcer
By not closing the buttons on my pants
making my sister think I was jerking off to her
being in a toxic relationship that would end horribly and fuck my entire existence up
watching a video of what the basement of a funeral home looks like. WARNING (explicit content 18+)
UTI Again
brushing my teeth with penis cream
leaving my hard drive plugged in to my dad's laptop
Going on a Better "date" with my Daughter than I Have with Wife in Eight Years
getting stoned and ruining my girlfriend's day
not waiting for my poop to come.
not having my phone on mute during class
forgetting to play the lottery numbers.
expecting the mods on this sub to stand for true integrity.
short circuiting a circuit
faking an excuse and now I might go to jail.
hiding unfinished dinners
I don’t want to be a Karen!!!
putting paper in my ear and now i can’t hear :p
sending my mom a picture of my shit then telling her to fuck off.
By deleting a reddit post without editing the content first
dancing with dumbbells in my hand
deleting a post reddit post without editing it's contents first
breaking my school laptop
polluting a restroom so bad people were verbally disgusted
By falling off of a driving tractor
turning my backyard into a garden with my dog
due to my fangirling, my friend has jumped to conclusions and decided I have a crush on one of the actors
messaging my boss instead of my boworker on skype
not knowing I had ADHD
leaving my requested cashback inside the self-checkout and walking away.I didn't film the most trusting moment in my life and no one believes me
making an account without thinking
There should be a stickied comment on every post asking users to upvote/downvote said comment based on whether they think the post is true or a story. If the comment gets enough downvotes it should be automatically flagged for the mods.
trying to clear memory on my gaming table
not masturbating in a public toliet
smoking a cricket in my bong, RIP little stoner buddy
I almost set my sister on fire
watching porn in my apartment with thin walls, with the window open, on my phone with wireless headphones that died and then disconnected halfway through!!
when I checked on my grandparents and tried to help clean my best friends yard after hurricane Laura
giving the FedEx guy an extended view of my gloriously nude 39-year-old male body, and then it got worse
licking a searingly hot spoon.
my stomach going absolute bonkers while being on a first date with my crush
showing my wife the below post (it was about her)
not bringing enough money on a first date, causing me to fake a medical condition for the next 18 months
waking up during the night
Missed the flight my company tried to book for 8 months
drawing a middle finger in permanent marker
not making a back up for my thesis
Drug dealing tenant + COVID = Horrible situation
phone number
ripping off some skin and hair next to my balls
not looking while putting down a candle
losing 277€ to a street prostitute
cumming in my moms mouth!
asking a woman to get married
misinterpreting my teammates (28F) sexual advancement towards me (25M) which resulted in me awkwardly fleeing her apartment
choking on pubic hair and nearly going to hospital
my bully
throwing up
I was taking a shit while crossing the Swiss-French boarder
I might of just ruined my life
getting caught writing 'I love you' on a chit to my gf by my class teacher
letting the someone know I started a vlog on Twitter
Less than a month not to fail my Bachelor's degree.
having diarrhea on my girlfriends newly installed toilet seat.
not calling the police.
introducing myself to Black people with a racist CPT joke
sharing the work answers to a group chat with the teacher in it.
thinking if anti=bad that pro=good and giving myself diarrhea for the greater part of the year.
dislodging my IUD
using my friend as a litmus test to see how hot a chilli was.
apologizing for farting
visiting Phub on my school E-mail.
an accumulation of bad luck and stupid decisions, topped with an irritatingly awkward situation and suicidal thoughts
falling on the toilet bowl and making everyone on the house that came to my reçue see me totally naked
not locking my bathroom door
Assuming a girl liked me and asking people about it while flirting with another girl
J-Dude's Reviews
7th grade) by accidentally finding furry porn in an IT lesson and exposing my classmates to it.
going to the bathroom without pants
letting colleagues know I'm a creep
A date is not a date without a date
morning coffee tuna breathe
taking hydration way too much seriously
assuming nobody would understand my insult
playing with my balls in the bath
popping a bag in a school hallway Me and my friend, let’s call him A, we were walking through the hallway and he tells me to pop a bag when everybody comes, so eventually everybody starts to come and I pop the bag, everybody freaks out and starts to panic, this is a gallon bag too.
CREATING A REDDIT ACCOUNT
showering with my eyes closed.
pretending I was Joey Slattery from CTV News Edmonton
shooting my self in the eye (not with a bullet)
not being able to make it to the shitter and taking a dump midway my GFs grandma home
dirtiest talk ever
maybe exposing my grandparents to covid
agreeing to show my bits to medical students.
That’s fucked up
cheating...(on a recipe)
saying to my teacher I wish he was dead
double exposing a film
brewing Toe-Jam Coffee
Pooping in the Shower
jumping on the hood of my car that was bring carjacked.
My Tinder Fuck Up
calling my gf's vagina 'funky'
not recognizing someone who did something incredibly nice for me and potentially missing out on a really good job opportunity
unknowingly pissing off my boss
trying to get a "friend" to pay me what he owes me
Jumping out a window and trying to fight people.
blowing a potential job opportunity by having my boyfriend answer a “spam” call for me.
drinking regular coffee thinking that my stomach can handle it
becoming stupid after warm wine and losing the woman of my dreams
serving people that are on pills
working out with a resistance band, miscalculating and ending up in the hospital
singing black widow on a zoom call
farting a hole in my anniversary gift
Z
Made a Bioterror Threat on 4chan
a good bit of my life...
being petty with my dad.
commenting a little racist shit on reddit
drinking too much before sex
not pressuring the hubs hard enough for sex
for taking LSD and waking up in the hospital
How to earn money from Google sitting at home in 2020
bruising a nerve in my face
wearing shorts while birdwatching.
asking my father to find his birth family, finding a murder mystery, and then discovering it was all lies.
being an accomplice to theft at Nordstrom’s
watching porn on my dads laptop
sex sex sex sexsex sex sex sexsex sex sex sexsex sex sex sex
indirectly flooding our dining room by playing blindfold tag
offering a teenage boy a ride home.
almost melting the skin off my butthole and pussy lips
leaving Discord open during a presentation
punching my Husband in the face
being too confident on a John Deere garden "tractor" and crashing into a brand new SUV
bringing my kids into the city during spring break.
Been one of those shit days
not reading properly
Telling My Girlfriend She "Sounds Like Hitler" In The Middle of Sex.
Nearly broke 2 bottles of booze
stinging myself with a bee
doing a pull up
accident my destroying a pound of an MS-13 gang members hash.
leaving a broom out
trying to cook good food for my cats
being an irresponsible driver because of the Joe Rogan podcast
taking a 5 yo grocery shopping
showig my friend a meme
accidentally rolling a joint during a class, and now I might be thrown out of the university
trying to find a paperclip
I Bit my laptop and it broke
going kayaking and ended up improving my vision in one eye for 2 days getting a 14 year old mad and then beating me up for throwing beer bottles off a roof behind their car
forgetting to hide my sex toy
Oil+clothes =and one not happy sister
finding out the person I decided to open up about all my issues and developed a crush on has a girlfriend
getting catfished
shitting myself at the gas station
using olive oil in my hair
following a girl to an alley and getting my balls crushed
mixing up my meds while at work (working in the ER)
forgetting about my phone for several days
by dropping a 7k pinball machine and nearly breaking my foot
thinking today was Thursday
coming out as being more left wing to my Parents
is just a fake sexy story sub
ignoring my naked fiancée in the doorway. Twice
dryhumping with a girl
using a milk alternative for cereal
telling my GF about going to the toilet.
Rescuing A "Tame and Friendly" Raccoon
eating something bad after getting an enema
having SADS
flashing my delivery driver
losing some photos.
telling my(M18) long distance girlfriend(F18) about my ex, then lying to her.
eating spicy food while my mother questions me about my sexuality
forgetting about a Christmas stocking full of chocolate
turning on Kids home mode in my phone
wishing someone a speedy foot injury recovery
not watching porn
walking 3.5km (2.17miles) on the treadmill after returning to the gym from a month break.
sending a pic of myself
asking my dad how it went with his first girlfriend since my mom passed away
Vaping my own poo
telling a lie about santa
calling my niece fat
getting family to stop fighting
complaining about still using fax machines in 2021
getting stuck in a revolving door with my boss (my fault)
letting my GF pee in my mouth
breaking down crying uncontrollably at work
CUNT NIGGER FAGGOT CUNT NIGGER FAGGOT CUNT NIGGER FAGGOT CUNT NIGGER FAGGOT CUNT NIGGER FAGGOT CUNT NIGGER FAGGOT CUNT NIGGER FAGGOT CUNT NIGGER FAGGOT CUNT NIGGER FAGGOT CUNT
forgetting my Apple ID photo
having a bowl of cereal with regular cows milk
accidently making my grandma blast porn at full volume in a nursing home
sending a picture of my balls to the woman I really was into
drinking caffeine for the first time in two months.
putting chemical peel on my bf’s penis
having sex with my stepsister and accidentally bumming my dad
pushing my gf into the oven when I went to slap her ass
bathing in a bottle of sunscreen
painting my buddy's bathroom in Black Tar Vomit.
trying to play with my dog
writing a post that wasn't a piece of pornographic fiction
doing my job (wrong)
clogging the toilet and having no recollection of how
not realizing a young girl I do recess with legitimately only has one arm
eating the single, most softest potato Chip Ever
posting an AITA post as a 14 year old kid.
misreading a situation and kissing a girl who I thought was into me
being caught watching porn in front of Hindu gods at my relatives place.
This subreddit is full of nothing but horny people, mods need to get it under control. Instead of taking criticism, they remove your post just to hide the face that this sub is falling apart.
thinking to myself that I had never fallen off my longboard in the 9 years I have owned it
peeing on my house guests clothes
not specifying what kind of cider donuts I wanted at my local donut shop.
XL.
getting caught watching p*rn on my wireless 🎧
scaring a woman, without even realizing it
choosing to wait to use the restroom. TLDR at bottom.
I ruined a funeral procession
Facebooking while sharing my screen on an international conference call
Eminem life
when I went to the bathroom with out bringing any tissue
Tofu by accidently forgot to turn my group chat off before u know it I'm getting text that I was madterbatin
spamming people on Yahoo Messenger
imitating my student's voice thinking she was a bird
suggesting to my wife that some Kraft Macaroni and Cheese would be good.
tricking a pedophile into going to Paris
Xan thief
not understanding German
oversalting
telling my kid she can talk about butt holes with a doctor.
FREE LIVE WEBCAM AND DATING CHAT WITH YOUR PLACE
trying to be innovative in tonsil stone removal
Today an Apple employee fucked up when I saw adult content on his laptop.
letting an old lady know I have nice penmanship
accidentally giving my family fake covid
farting in a pretty girl's face...
entering the wrong postal code on an RMA
Picking My Nose While Driving On The Highway
sending the guy I liked a letter telling him I like him
going to a freshmen event when I wasn’t a freshmen.
I thought changing wiki pages was onay
accidentally sending a link to the wrong person
joking about my friend's dad cancer
getting a pap smear
accidentally stopping 10 people from doing their job for 2 hours
almost killing myself after getting a cut on my finger
quick promotion of your instagram account
forgetting a key part of getting gas....
When did you know...
overdosing on Benadryl in Cancun thanks to a ruthless sunburn
letting my cat sleep in my room.
leaving a tab open during Zoom lesson
not closing a tab before teaching kids
developing a lifetime fear and unsatisfactory washroom time
not locking my door
buying a nice pair of headphones, ignoring common sense, and destroying my fridge
pouring myself some apple juice
I fucked up by missing out on the girl of my dreams
accidentally telling a customer i wanted to knock him out
Groping Myself and My Dog
killing my boyfriend’s pet
telling my potential future boss I'm "marrying" my cousin
having phone sex with my boyfriend and finding out my my whole family heard the next morning
screaming at my dog, then leaving my zoom meeting.
following a TikTok on how to stop your gag reflex
loudly swearing in front of my teacher
mistaking a red light for a green light
making a grown man cry because I told him he's computer illiterate
destroying my bathroom in 30 seconds
playing Ram Ranch on my parents Alexa at 3AM in full volume.
removing a wasp
having a glass of wine causing my wife and I to both face plant into hard objects.
yelling “Yeah! Browns!” At a black man.
checking my exam result during our work Christmas party
cutting my mom’s hair
taking a bet with my uncle
accidentally flashing my teacher on Teams
Trying to Treat My Coworkers to Some Bao.
sexting with my brother
accidentally calling my crush on Zoom
having the wrong Ethernet cable
for calling off sick
getting into a fight
making the worst first impression possible.
letting my guard down
eating a Rice Krispie treat
throwing a ice cube into boiling oil
Tester 3
maybe chromecasting step mom hentai to my parents' bedroom
going to sleep at ten every night
because my bio teacher overheard me talking about giving my bf a bj
Today I fucked up real bad !!! I don’t know how I can recover. I see only one option and that’s su.....
telling someone I raped a cow.
shopping
asking my girlfriend about her tiny ducklings
adding our teacher to our whatsapp group.
telling my FWB “I love you”... during sex
misunderstanding a text from my wife, thinking my kid had thrown up, and missing out on sex
: Hamburlger
passing out from anal masturbation
letting my husband read my old diary..
suggesting pornography to my grandma
being racist on accident
not knowing how to use my dishwasher properly for years
missing Obama give a speech, because I was too lazy to leave my room.
leaving my girlfriend on valentine's day at a restaurant after ordering like half the menu.
Raspagem Piso de Madeira
my cat jumped in a toilet full of poo!
losing the second closest person in my life and now she won't contact me
brushing my teeth in the shower
dumping bleach on the concrete in the backyard.
I thought changing my mayor (bout 4000 inhabitants) page on Wikipedia was no big deal...
screaming unknown to me racist term at a hockey game
snoring
vaguely asking for saltines at work
R/ pranking my friend and end up getting threatened to get my skull crushed
accidentally making a racist joke in gym class.
in English Class
ordering a large coffee on the day I restarted my stimulant.
not looking closely enough at my new dog's doodoo
smoking weed for years.
loosing my whole boot in a pit of mud
falling for a PS5 Pre Order Scam
thinking about a Ninja Sex Party song at the worst time
My life just fell apart
getting my world news from reddit
accidentally convincing my friends that I abuse cough syrup to get ideas for projects.
Because I said I liked a Lady GaGa Song
sharting during the dinner where my parents met my boyfriend
Finding out my cousin does porn
fapping befor dinner
accidentally giving my ex my meds.
Misbehaving Too Much in Middle School
telling my friend that I like her
agreeing to babysit my friends dog
going to a dance alone
sending extremely passive aggressive messages to my sister after she left for college without saying bye.
asking my boyfriend to share a SeXy SeCrEt
singing Thunderstruck when my teacher was outside
being stupid on a plane flight
clicking on pinecest
plucking my brothers nipple hair
eating an entire southwestern-style salad meant for my wife's family.
making mosquito based drinks
sending an Email
pissing off a cat
Taking a lot of Shrooms
When I played a game of chance, received Poseidon’s kiss.
deleting all my googledata and now i cannot remember a thing !
repotting my cactus
sending my girlfriend a video of me launching my sick Hot Wheels off a ramp of condoms.
telling my friend to shut up.
drying my hair and gargling mouthwash at the same time
Today I fucked up by having sex with my stepmom
pissing my pants without realizing it
talking about sex on the phone too loud
blew a big promotion opportunity because I didn’t read the subject line of the email
Today I fucked up and found out why a house cat can kill a level 1 commoner
letting my roommate think it’s my birthday…
screaming at my Mom on a zoom call
50 yard dash time increased but at what cost
ignoring warnings from another and getting scarred for life on another subreddit, as well as puking on my cat.
showing my grandparents a picture of my boyfriends junk
accidentally leaving edibles in my friends fridge
accidentally saying "I love you" to my friend (who is a boy and I'm also a boy) near my professor
snowboarding with a ski pole
forgetting my coffee at the drive through
sending a meme to my family group chat that implies I'm a massive wanker.
Throwing Away What I Thought Was Broken
involuntarily letting my professor know I smoke weed
thinking I could take my antibiotic with hardly any food while doing a job assessment/interview
going out on the town after an eye operation
cockblocking my roommate
abandoning my garlic thyme chicken
bathing in chili
and lost my best friend. I’m an A**hole
flooding my kitchen while wearing noise canceling headphones
asking : why people pulling your legs when u not distrub anyone .why people create hurdles on your way i am one the victim who face these types of shit. our elder thaught me create a clean way for everyone and i do.
thinking a racial slur was a funny word for penis
telling my friend's bf/mom that she has an alcohol issue.
explaining DP to my mom
making my mom think I was Kidnapped
accidentally outing my friends Step-Family Member as Homosexual, ruining some of his family relationship
letting my girlfriend know I had a boner while making out
because of my habits
name a branch of government "Federal"
calling my uncle a mfer
getting an erection during a prostate exam...
first time getting jogger’s nipple
losing my cat.
I Accidentally AirDropped My Mother Furry Porn
: Sneezing While Peeing
being greedy with the milk
blowing mucus into my crushe's food
trying a new way to cook
slapping my wife with a impaled chihuahua on my penis
opening Microsoft Store
but telling my mother-in-law that I’d like a bowl of coks with garlic and olive oil for dinner and her grandfather’s famous pussy pie for dessert
skipping the schools pep rally
birdwatching too hard
saying to a classmate I love you
asking for a fag (British slang for cigarette) in NYC
I sent a 500$ package with no insurance and the truck it was on caught fire
mistaking the deadline to unsubscribe from a free trial.
Single guy living in small town and i wanted a car that i could get to hang out with friends around town. For a year there was a decent 1997 truck at someone shop and he wanted 1700 for it well i fucked up. Bought it outright before even having mechanic look at it i just wanted a car of my own
angrily calling out a friend on Twitter without checking if he was following me. He is.
getting hot curry powder on my pussy.
putting a MacBook case on backwards
fb porn
pissing of my girlfriends dad
I vomited out of my nose
stealing a preserved amphibian from a museum
spilling water on my chin while my boss was talking to me
17M) by saying “I know you need a hug”, instead of “do you need a hug” to my ex (17F)
emailing my teacher my friend's test along with mine
being "healthy" and the only girl on a hike
not getting a joke and causing a mod to quit.
discovering this community and giving myself anxiety
not reading the signs
losing out on thousands of karma, by forgetting one little rule blasting Ron Jeremy's porn audio to a vehicle my parents were in.
misunderstanding what my mum was asking me
with my wonky memory
accidentally quitting Uni...
thinking my camera was off in a job interview and dancing in my swimwear
pooping with the door open
celebrating 4/20
teaching my best friend how to drive in my car
trying to look for r/eyebleach
accidently linking to a porn account
Undercooked egg
sending a picture of my shit to my date
letting my dad came home to see vomit everywhere and my girlfriend blackout drunk and naked on the floor
giving my abusive mother a second chance
searching for chip pornography at work
using Emojis in a Reddit Post 🤪🤪
I shit blood
asking my kid to do something..
Ggg
NSFW) By trying to help an old man buy his medicine.
Posting On r/advice
trying to change some light switches on my own
commenting on my girlfriends dinner
realizing hoodie strings have a practical purpose
almost drowning
I'm no psycho but..
sending the wrong message
making a controversial joke in a Teams meeting.
Dream PC broken bc I let my older brother play videogames
liking a video on tik tok.
believing my buddy that Trump was on a ventilator washing an earring
trying to scare my husband.
exposing myself to my online class
purposefully pissing my pants on the school bus
accidentally buying a wolf pup.
attempting to clear my kitchen to cook
30m) by breaking up with my girlfriend (27f) of 3 years because i was unsure.
My boyfriend asked me if i would go see a movie and i said yes
ignoring a stanky penis and having a very grumpy vagina for months
accidentally getting my work crush buzzed
throwing leftover atropine eyedrops in my eye
wearing white shoes
taking my meds...with foil
Could you pick out your husband from a group of random dic pics?
accidentally imitating a fart
accidently reposting
asking out a guy in class.
attempting to surprise my husband with lingerie
breaking off my best friend
liking a picture of a girl I'm interested in thats a few months old
forgetting different girls have different kinks.
not putting our kids to bed in their own cribs.
leaving my dog at my moms house to run errands.
reaching behind my recliner to get my blanket
forgetting my bag
not realizing I'd suffered a heart attack
drinking half a microwaved spider
cupping my dove.
Accidentally marked myself dependent on my 2019 tax return.
and everyone in my family got to Know I was a chronic masturbator.
being called the wrong name for 5 years
calling my bf by his twin brother’s name
accidentally overdosing and staging it as a suicide NSFW
buying coconut oil
Accidentally hitting the friend request button.
taking a shit
accidentally putting my passport in the washing machine
Top 10 Best tourist places to visit in new York
being bad at dates and times.
Poopshitter Disaster
making my parents think I’m gay
trying to evacuate during an earthquake
Lyft passenger call police on me for trying to kidnap her
leaving a painting out on the desk
referring to someone as the name given in a book
playing a loud game and damaging my hearing
leaving my house and forgetting my keys
dyeing my hair blue
making a pound of summer sausage.
giving an old guy a shower.
NSFW  jerking off in the shower
getting some gas
stranding myself on my sailboat with no way out and embarrassing myself.
sending a high score in Columns to Sega
masturbating in the shower.
telling my moms bosses my plan to drop out of school and become a male stripper
accidentally taking my spouse to one of those unexpected pregnancy pro-life clinics
farting through a moment of silence honoring someone who died.
going to my (secret) boyfriends workplace with my mom.
A stranger that has my nudes is threatening to ruin my life
trying to domesticate a Chipmink
I have very explosive bowel movement rn
forgetting my password and having a fake email
and almost scared an old lady to death
asking my brother to bring me my light novel from home
ruining my wifes shower
Today I fucked up by parking in front of my school and ended up having my car towed
Masturbating
bleeding and....well you’ll see
weeping in front of my HOD
staging a toothbrush malfunction
deleting my finals project.
deep frying a $100 Bill
Ruined wife’s trust
not knowing how Imodium works
leaving my pressure cooker on stove and went for shopping like I'm a mentally retarded idiot
thinking a midget was a robot
and unknowingly made a joke about 12 year old girl's dead father
Calling My Friend's GF by His Ex's Name
not realizing that, 1: Yeah Kiwis are fuzzy...but that should not mean they make your entire
and got my boyfriend in trouble with his professor
Today I Realized I Fucked Up My Life (38 M)
not telling my friend how I truly feel.
and ruined a marriage??
Hentai mistake
almost killing my brother
saying “please blow your hot load in to my mouth” to my brother
continuing to eat a bagel bite that was too hot and getting a burn blister on the roof of my mouth
accidentally stabbing my crush's dad, thinking he's my uncle
from my butt eating not one, but two sex toys.
fully submerging my quad in a random creek
texting Mom the middle finger emoji.
Now my classmates thinks I like hentai... and that I’m a dumbass
I over-promised my neighbor and I don’t want to climb that mountain again
when I forgot our keys for the shop.
almost botching a Tombstone Piledriver on my brother
using the restroom.
almost breaking my toe
buying the wrong condoms
forcing the need for myself and someone else to pay a 500$ towing fee.
Told everyone I want to be a girl
sitting beside a girl on my flight for too long
LPT: I Accidentally Sent Incest Porn to My Mother Update
eating chicken alfredo
setting my bidet pressure to max
losing my vibrator..
passing out mid-piss
clogging both my toilets with pizza and my mum's probably going to disown me when she wakes up.
accidentally sending my mom a TITLE for a NSFW video
mixing up the paper bags on my front porch
accidentally joining an orgy
accidentally posting in a troll subreddit
using the restroom at the mall.
Showing Reddit's dark jokes To My Class And Teacher
taking 8 laxatives in a 24 hour period (no I didn’t poop myself).
not bringing a towel to the gym
Diabetes
ordering food in an unfamiliar place.
picking my car up from the collision shop on Friday the 13th
trying to get strangers into Batman comics
b
my first impression with my best friend’s brother and I might have a dumb nickname I can’t fight because of it.
eating crystallised ginger
showing my sister an inappropriate photo of a huge dance star.
as an EMT on LSD
traumatising my 3 yr old son.
getting plastered.
Accidentally Castrating Myself
rejecting a kiss
Maaaybe committed a credit card crime
weighing in in a debate between my kids
when a mentally ill person visited my clinic
helping my helping my friend get a date with an absolute gem
Today was my boyfriend’s birthday(and I didn’t remember 😞 the date for of my swamped schedule) and he asked me , today is Friday and guess what? And, I was in a funny mood and said tomorrow is Saturday and he is not answering my phone calls, neither he is replying. I feel I I totally
and heard 2 much
flashing my apartment maintenance guys.
confessing my feelings to my crush
thinking I had a liver of steel
accidentally sending an assignment as a time lapse instead of video
rickrolling everyone in a meeting
making jalapeños and not fully washing my hands.
saying I feel gassy to my Olfactophiliac cousin
The time I tried to pepper spray a fly that was in my room!
making my parents think I had rabies
shit my pants and my gf broke up with me
TİFU by falling flat on my face, being mistaken for a drunk bike rider, and making a language mistake that falsely reported a crime.
dying in class
Throwing A Dodgeball at a Child with Down's Syndrome and Nailing Him in the Face
taking medication and
not switching my throwaway account causing my religious mom to find a NSFW post
Cooking with hot peppers ends in burnt penis.
I Didn’t stand for the pledge in front of a 1st LT
Fucking Why
By picking my nose after cutting habaneros
boyfriend mistaking sanitizer for lube and burning my vagina
saying choice words at choice people
watching my dog eat poop
calling my current girlfriend my ex's name
cumming in my pants while my mom showed me a picture of Jesus
or rather I should say this guy really fucked up by performing a malicious prank and then posting it!
not turning off video camera while in a meeting with 20 people
Sending embarrassing degrading photos to stranger
The Man from U.N.C.L.E. misheard 'Shave your back hair'
triggering my Endo.
googling a questionable reference I didn't get on my SCHOOL account
laughing at a positive COVID Result.
taking my handicapped german shepherd to pee outside.
doing some dishes
taking pre workout before eating anything.
succeeding in sucking my own dick.
writing a paper on the wrong topic
making a joke about a pets death
my porn playing through loud bluetooth speakers
teaching my daughter to lie and coercing her into confessing to a crime she didn't commit
killing my sister with my lewd weapon in Minecraft.
farting inside George Washington’s house
farting myself awake on a crowded train.
sleeping with a hobo without protection
scrolling the webs.
showering my father in shiny disappointment
Dad Almost Caught Me Watching Hentai 😳
calling my dad short
defecating myself numerous times in front of witnesses...
electrocuting myself
eksploding by a firecracker (not mine but freind)
missing my great grand mother's death
making lemonade for a small local celebration
opening Bixby
getting too thirsty on a sketchy dating app
getting my cousin to take drugs
throwing my son's overloaded diaper towards the garbage
ordering a "discreet" item that everyone across Canada is now well aware of
failing 90 days no fap on day 8
leaving a self-help CD in my car when bringing it in for service
causing an intergenerational food fight
roasting my TEACHER instead of my cousin...
illegally downloading an album
letting myself get stung by a bee when I have horrible allergies to them
sending a sexy BDSM video to my SO at work. Now, all his employees are giving him shit by calling him Daddy.
not knowing the google photos on my phone are synced with my dads phone. holding in my shit
having a drink and getting run over by an ambulance
laminating old train and admission tickets
my vacation by going on a run on the beach wearing swim trunks with netting. NSFW.
taking Blackberry sleep gummies.
showing my balls to the neighborhood, and probably to more people in unknown locations on a video call
using too much space on MS Paint.
TODAY I FUCKED UP BY RETWEETING A PARTICULAR VINE
unmuting accidentally on zoom, and accidentally telling my teacher to stfu
unknowingly clicking on a pornographic subreddit.
almost eating a chess pawn
holding onto a tube and losing my trunks.
giving my girlfriend a computer virus
failing a fingerprint clearance card
doing acid for my first time at the Red Rocks
getting hit by the vacuum cleaner
telling people to "Blow in my hole"
Thrusting Too Hard !!
wearing my boyfriend’s dad’s underwear
I screwed up being smart about Covid. Need Xmas ideas to make up for it with the Mrs.
removing my phones ability to boot or connect to PC
accidentally sending a dick pic to my boss and friends
walking into the washroom and seeing a naked guy parading around.
Voting Biden
pavloving myself to get a boner every time I hear a certain song because I watched the same PMV a couple of times
playing Yu-Gi-Oh and nearly having child protective services called on my parents.
putting pterodactyl porn on my husband's VPN'd work laptop
not muting my zoom meeting
By browsing reddit during a conference call
attempting to keep myself awake by playing Mario Party.
trying to be British
getting 3 month old bin juice on me
teaching my cat to open the house door and putting the entire building into high alert.
not returning library books.
Titf for having to quarantine because by of my co-worker
missing a zoom meeting less than 24 hours after I got the email I would have one
avoiding doughnuts for a girl.
trying to clean up my pubes with a beard trimmer
pointing a gun at my cheating neighbor
letting my dog sexually harass my cousin
accidentally waterboarding myself
hiding in the trunk of my friends car.
letting my friend play a videogame
First date
singing Eminem
having my Bluetooth connect at a bad time.
almost showing my friend my girls booty
forgetting my ID after a hour and half drive
accidentally creating a new ecosystem?
sending a picture with a filter on it to my dad.
getting both out of character and my bathing suit
vvv
pooping on my floor
trying to sneak out for the first time
I am quarantined solo, party of one, me myself and I. And well, I thought about a hug
dropping a thermometer in oil
putting salt in my coffee instead of sugar.
scaring a game stop employee
doing my job well
almost killing one of my managers with edibles
marinating ribsI accidentally sent a staff a text talking shit about them
falling asleep while masturbating
staying connected to my speakers at late night hours...
asking a lady her age during work
not listening to advice found by googling costing me $6000
Petition to rename this subreddit to ODIFU (One Day I Fucked Up)
attempting to do some yard work
Calling my teacher a milk dud and now I’m risking my whole high school career
unknowingly eating an edible and doing a presentation
Having To Explain To My Teachers Why I Searched "How quick is a cumshot" Into My School Computer
passing out while giving blood
letting my son with autism watch too much Moana.
not converting kgs to lbs
Made a banging ur mom joke in a voice chat filled with women
sending a ph link on discord
updating my Reddit App.
not washing my hands after trying Da Bomb hot sauce
shouting at a mum and daughter for being slow.
waxing my ass with gum
Today I fucked up and got baptized in goats blood...
Today I fucked up by not killing a cockroach.
flooding my apartment.
unexpectedly seducing my local maintenance man because I forgot my appointment was that week.
fucking with a cop and thought I was going to die.
forgetting to disable the virtual background
crashing my dads porche into the wall.
putting my age and gender online and now I am being sold for sex slavery
not popping a blister
walking in on my parents doing it.
sexy sex
Country at Heart (2020)
eating a multivitamin on an empty stomach
getting permanently banned from r/askhistorians
Hard truths and unfortunate consequences.
giving my wife a facial in front of my step-daughter
not checking all pockets before a wash
having phone sex when my grandmother is sick
learning my parents potential divorce
I accidentally had an email sent to my mom asking if I could watch porn.
Messing Around With My Girlfriend In The Wrong Parking Lot Messing Around With My Girlfriend Where Her Whole Class Could See
cat-calling a Feminist
burning my penis on a hairdryer
NSFW] Got my dick stuck in a Gatorade bottle while waiting for my gf
trying to have a quick pee
trying to go on the escalator in my wheelchair
accidentally bending the tailpipe on my Dad’s 2012 F150 so bad it hit the rear tire.
and severely traumatized a co-worker by sharing an Onion article with her.
making a life changing decision based on my manager's promise and I might die because of it
lazily creating a nuclear bomb of feces
tossing my full 8 month old in the air.
laughing at a legally blind man
ALMOST BURNING MY HOUSE DOWN TRYING TO FUCK A VACUUM CLEANER
leaving my vibrator out while our maintenance guy came round to check our boiler NSFW
i could not shower because i neglected a dripping faucet for months
taking edibles before video chatting with my friends
telling my best friend's mom I'd nail her
telling a girl I’d pay her for collar bone pics
Please Advice me!!
finding out that I never really had any friends in the first place.
inviting my friends to my Microsoft flight simulator stream
sniffing girls shoes
Bad Idea
I just joined a video chat with my math class while taking a dump.
thinking the Karen I work with wasn't a Karen
Not knowing when you are suppose to start working after New Years...
having sex with my dominant girlfriend
overwriting my save and losing 20 hours of progress
killing a Slug
My mess up
nearly starting a fight while travelling
making a bad joke and ending my friendship with my second cousin
friend requesting my boss on Facebook
calling my teacher the wrong name after I rear ended them in traffic
only look at the first picture before swiping right.
blowing a kiss at prom
I left a webex meeting but my audio was still on during a meeting
not checking on my assignments and now I have only six days to do an eight paragraph research project
going on a bike ride.
getting beat by my girlfriend on separate occasions and allowing her to vandalize my home. Also FU loving a girl who abused me
showing a class mate a pic of a dude's genital
leaving my mic on and watching perfectly cut screams
College Advice
scaring away the kindest person I know.
using hair removal cream on my balls
doing bed stuff with a hypersex girl
bro hugging my state’s head of Economic Development
putting my boss's email in the "to" section of my email instead of my own.
taking a shit and poking my asshole
lying about my porn Twitter
bc I messed up a drink.
asking my crush to find out if she’s overweight
buying duplicate Christmas gifts
DAs math right
Accidently sent a shit pic to all my friends on snapchat
making a car cross the red signal
pooping at night.
giving my friend access to my google drive account that contained yapi fanfiction
hardcore trolling what I thought was a spam number.
Today I fucked up by sticking a toothbrush up my ass.
getting the headphone jack stuck inside my fucking controller
standing near the oven
Snapchatting a picture of my girlfriends boobs to ~20 people
Today I fucked up by using a ‘forbidden word’ at work
sending a inappropriate link to the wrong number.
Fish hooks
attempting to donate blood for a blood bank
running out of protein powder
making my school and parents think I'm suicidal...
opening the door.
Leaving my butt plug out for my niece to find.
SHOWING OF
forgetting to take out trash with my cat's shit inside. Worst part? My cat likes playing with her shit!
punching and walking through a rose bush
balding my husband
telling my bf he sounds like a Turkey
got my girlfriend arrested and hospital quarantined for wuhan virus
while going for a run on the beach while wearing swim trunks with netting
sleeping at a friend's house
not filling a prescription.
Today my friend fucked up real bad
being a smartass about ASL
unknowingly pushing my stomach over the limit at the time.
swiping right on Doogie Howser, MD: Part 1
telling my DnD group I wasn't happy with the game thus losing the only friends I've ever had in a very long time
punching my best friend's breasts
not owning a broom
I think I'm in serious shit.
calling the police
evading a cop
starting the day off on the wrong foot
asking my dad to take me to get sushi
sending dick pics to my brother...
being oblivious
not paying attention to my roommates diet
having the runs during a natural disaster
trusting car dealships
forgetting how apartment parking works
snot-sucking my son without a filter
I never knew what stood for
Suspended over bad product TL;DR
becoming known as the tiny-nippled church slut
outing myself as an aspiring sex offender
searching man fucks tree on works PC :)
Found out I’ve been washing my clothes with fabric softener for a few weeks
almost spoiling a surprise birthday party.
buying chocolates for a girl fresh out of a relationship.
peeing the bed.
grabbing my dog and tearing my nail open
giving a BJ in the wind
getting confused between my mum and another woman
searching "Sonic fanart" at work.
Having Too Much Faith In Past Me.
telling a joke I found on r/dadjokes to my geography teacher. Now she’s gonna check out what’s onlyfans.
believing myself immune to sunburn
my siblings found out my secret fetish
being addicted to LoL
putting myself in a situation that fucked me up
almost skipping in the entrance of a convenience store.
losing my house keys in an Amazon return
honking at green light
telling my teacher to fuck off and to stop cheating on her husband
drenching myself (somewhat)
doing the one chip challenge
not checking a snap before I sent it......
interpreting someone signalling me for my broken headlight as an invitation for a drag race.
YouTube edition
taking a FAT SHIT on my boss’ car
blowing up my friends computer states away
removing the cover of my oscillating fan
trying to pop a cyst with a knife and chickening out half-way
because of my dark humor.
changing my hair the wrong colour.
20lb Pork Shoulder Gone Wrong
Calling 911 On My Brother
almost fainting my hitting my tailbone
/ being in love with Gary Oldman
giving myself a paper cut on my gums.
being extremely stupid and got banned from a minecraft server I enjoy very much
farting in my wife’s vagina and bleeding all over the living room floor
calling 911 as a joke
leaving my friend alone when he took magic mushrooms for the first time
leaking 300 L of beer out of a tank into the basement of a bar I worked....
letting my sons and their friend see my fancy new vibrator...
letting Windows update.
peeing in cans of sparkling water
Folding Laundry
telling my boss I have a job interview tomorrow
and forgot I left my vibrator on the bathroom counter
wearing tartan
handing in my notice day before redundancy announcement
being too competitive with my friend who just lost his father
telling my friend its okay if i gave him a consolation hug, since he got disinfected when his house burnt down
eating garbage for the past week, paying the dire bowl-related consequences, and letting the whole office know about it.
using my Xbox Wireless Headset to watch porn on my laptop
speaking to strange children
joining a project meeting with an embarrassing nickname being an ass
setting a lock box combo incorrectly.
tieing my hands behind my back.
Does your brain ever just go on autopilot and then you pee in the trash can?
telling a Girl I loved her on the first date
attempting to kill a spider while naked
taking a video in my new dress
making my boyfriend sleep on the fooor
forgetting simple cat knowledge
hiring a s*x worker
I faced death and lived.
teaching street safety
wearing all black to a wedding.
checking my maps while driving and crashing resulting in a unexpected DUI.
splattering shit on my moms wall... and then announcing it to the whole family.
trying to be helpful to the police
not wearing my glasses
ON snapchat
Joy from WATCHING Veteran's "Bad Behavior"
trying to impress my boyfriend NSFW
pronouncing it Chick-fil-(uh) not Chick-fil-aay.
turning my patio into a fly breedery
to omegle wife
for pocket dialing my recruiter during a conversation about my roommate’s balls.
Titfu by ejaculating across my gf face and in her hair .
swallowing a large vitamin without enough water and now my throat hurts like hell
buying from Gumtree
peeing down the back of my pants in public
helping my mom track a package
getting way too zooted
bu not changing my address
A bunch of snobbish people think I'm a brokie and I dont like the ostracizing
not pooping for a month.
giving money to a homeless guy
My butt plug sent me to the emergency room
eating three oranges in one sitting and having to run out of a job interview
wearing gloves filled with broken glass to my first Muay Thai Class
Brain go brrt
masturbating in public.
trying to look tough when I was a kid
biting a diamond
mixing up blood pressure medicine with Viagra
at being a father
First car crash
having the cops called for suspicious activity after my FWB and I just had sex in my car
being born
committing a very public spittake
basically mimicking my 1-yr-old who puts everything in his mouth and thus nearly poisoning myself...
not using the disposable shield on my ear thermometer
sorta...kinda...yaaa I did
hitting on long-term friend
paying for a massage only from a sex worker
miscalculating my dosage and thinking I overdosed to staging my own suicide
calling my mom a cunt repeatedly
Watch what you sweep up
being horny (NSFW)
taking melatonin to help me sleep and instead tripping balls all night.
overdoing my laundry detergent
objectifying two women and paying for it with a piece of my soul
waving at someone
trying to entertain myself with a fridge
cumming
making a delivery guy wait for 15 minutes in -16°C weather
shoving a taki up my ass
having the arm flexibility of a dirty 68 million year old T-Rex.
changing hotel rooms in my sleep
approving edits for the school newspaper's advice column
destroying my girlfriend's family : (
leaving a sharpie in my pocket
sniffing the wrong panties.
pissing off my girlfriend's dad.
collapsing and almost blacking out in the smoking room and having ambulance called
falling for an Instagram ‘prank’.
accidentally sending a message intended for my GF, to one of my friends instead
posting a friend up for the night.
getting high and having sex.
Destroying my neighbour's car wheel
Today I messed up by staring at someone and then they said “what are you looking at” and I said “you”
Accidentally made chlorine gas...
breaking a wine glass and cutting myself in the process.
commanding that white get banned for hacking in among us.
trying to kiss my Yale interviewer
deafen myself
flushing my vape down the toilet
chewing nicotine gum few hours before my sleep time!
staying in a "windowless" hotel room for the past 4 days
selling my GameStop, amc, and bb at the worst possible times
replying to an email from my new boss with my fake screen name
I Encrypted my SD card and then upgraded to a new one but tried to cut and paste SD card contents on PC
nearly dying in my sleep
shouting a horrible swearword unmuted during a Zoom lecture
telling my teacher I have syphilis
eating pumpkin pie
turning on my toaster after my cat pissed on it
buying a midget blow up doll
misunderstanding an assignment
telling my boyfriend I’m a lesbian while chilling with some friends who are queer
sharing a really offensive Kobe Bryant meme
making my girlfriend laugh and vomit on me during a game of fibbage.
using emojis in a Reddit Post 😔😬😦👉🏼👈🏼🤪🙇🏻
(17M)  having unprotected sex and it made realize things.
sending my boyfriend a nude in response to his grandfather dying
not sticking to my antibiotics schedule
eating to many grapes on the first day of school
stashing birthday money into one pencil case.
asking my girlfriend's dad to send nudes
recommending a dog cookbook
talking on and on about Hitler to a Jewish girl I like.
trying to get my car unstuck after a blizzard.
not charging my Drone.
getting my wife pregnant while I am not happy with her
forgetting theres a pandemic.
drinking rubbing alcohol while hella high
spitting water on a classmate on first day of class, earning the nickname "Squirtle" (like the Pokémon)
clowning around and getting pepper in my eye.
I fucked up my friendship with my ex
goofing around with my boyfriend
using the phrase "this is the Cadillac version"
letting my bf drink out of a sofa can with spit in it
watching Shrek and having an existential crisis
shitting a tampon out at the gym
underestimating the stopping distance
showing a gun to the delivery driver
convincing my wife I was trying to get with my dentist
fooling around with my friends brother who has a gf
cleaning a birthday present for my son
pushing an elderly women out of her place in line
I had the most embarrassing booty call ever.
being depressed
Spoke too soon...
not reading the instructions for my final exam carefully
I used the phone to destroy the phone plus the military came to my neighbor's house
spendingbhours troubleshooting my computer for nothing
Never trust friends
mistaking date's
I cracked the worst joke ever on my teacher
clogging the toilet of my local comic store
not using paprika
Turning the heat off
Satanic Anamaniaca
looking at my girlfriend's sister's instagram
nearly burning our house down
not looking at my toothpaste before brushing my teeth
reflexively mocking my girlfriend's professor through Zoom.
giving the wrong child medication
chromecasting my special time.
trying to be a domestic goddess
clogging my new boyfriends toilet
when mom walked in while me and my girl attempted anal sex (years ago)
thanking my recruiter for rescinding my job offer
getting on the wrong elevator
realizing I missed my cake day
giving a joint to my friends mum
I’m now known as GUZ
scaring myself shitless over a possible medical problem
laughing at a women who fell at my job.
accidentally posting the wrong "source" on a chat group with my teachers on it :)
saying my friend’s name.
trying to carry a hot bowl of spaghettios with a plate.
thinking I understood my cat
trying weed for the first time
spraying my daughter with silly string
sending my (50sM) supervisor (40sF) a porn link in an IM chat
having sex with my grandmothers couch when i was twelve
Ghosted my tinder date by shitting my brains out
almost drowning when I was 6
accidently insulting my ex-friend
accidentally exposing my penis infront of the class.
drinking too much beer.
making myself look like a pervert.
masturbating to my crush in class
Thanks, Cuervo Gold
Im losing grip of truth
accidentally flipping someone off
drinking four loko
accidentally going to the girl's bathroom
leaving my washer door open overnight
inviting my mom into my room while i was masturbating
not telling my trainee that he gets reimbursed for his expenses.
managing to spit all down myself in my sleep like a champ
Letting My Best Friend Know his GF He Wants to Propose To Is Sleeping With My Cousin.
starting a new anxiety medication, and being so chill that I thought it was a GREAT idea to tell the girl next door I liked her boyfriend and now we are all in a stay at home order next to each other.
getting rejected to college (England) because of google maps
watching midget porn
Bomb stinking the car on the other lane
trying to catch a chili thief
kicking a dead coyote.
confusing my sleep times
when I texted my employee thinking it was my wife TRIGGER WARNING adorable cringe
missing my second cake day by a day :(
I realized today, that Mint 1st edition Pokemon cards are worth money.
teaching my cat feet will pet you
making chili powder French toast
I killed it, but I think the spider won in the long run.
I’m embarrassed but on Reddit..
he he he
AM I BEING UNREASONABLE?!?!
pissing in a sink in public
giving my boyfriend the best blowjob of his life
(possibly) meeting one of my favourite celebrities on Omegle and not making sure she's real.
leaving a Dolphins game early
accidentally showing my fiancé my wedding dress
having an internal monologue with myself while trying to sleep
being the most unenthusiastic at the wrong moment.
texting sexy lingerie to the wrong chat
waking my coworker daugher at 3am!!
Correcting my Moms COVID Propaganda
letting my family eat food seasoned with my grandfather's ashes.
complimenting my boss and being an idiot
washing my cat's "present" with my laundry ... for two hours.
Self diagnosed bowel issues when I had kidney stones. Shat myself in the ER.
Putting Lube Up My Nose
sitting on my own balls
accidentally outing myself as a lesbian to my family
not ordering all my PC parts at the same time
giving an old lady an anxiety attack
shooting a raccoon from my roof and when it fell it landed in a bucket and I yelled "Kobe!" (Because it was a good shot) Without thinking.
almost getting my dad arrested.
hiking when I had stomach pain.
Bite in the ass
breaking the rules of a secret society that sent me a invite
reminding my dad of more stuff he lost in the divorce
using ghost pepper pickle juice in my "hair of the dog" morning cocktail.
leaving my Kindle at Walmart
today i fucked up by slicing my knee with a machete
taking both doses of my adderall.
placing a booger on a wall.
using laxatives
losing my bowels explosively in front of 5 women
taking a piss in my friends house.
pissing on my cats head
forgetting to delete porn
Flashing Myself to the Firefighters
A girls butt touched my pp :(
responding to my wife asking me what I would like to do today bay saying I don't really care.
creating a pradox in
PLAY STUPID GAMES, WIN STUPID PRIZES
keeping a rating of the girls in class
defiling a toilet in epic fashion
and bear maced my girlfriend on her birthday
Today i broke 7 pint glasses
Complemented Co-worker on her shirt
revealing that Santa isn’t real to my 8 year old cousin
I accidentally told my step sister that I like her- I don't
getting herpes
giving out my face to someone on grinder from my highschool
sticking my hand in my ceiling fan
accidentally unmuting myself and cursing out my lecturer
holding in a sneeze and exploded my vocal chords
my breaking my best headphones
accidentally threatening to shoot up my high school
peeing while I was brushing my teeth.
organising a meeting without telling my boss
walking into the school washroom
throwing some "trash" on a camp fire
accidentally leaving a fly stick on the counter and my cat got stuck to it instead....
not cleaning my hair off my tub
Bully
failing to successfully show empathy to my "friend" who lost her dog
dying my entire body blue.
forgetting to unplug the TV
using galaxy earbuds
taking a shit in the woods during a dog walk
me (m) having tennis ball BOOBS in front of my very MUSLIM Grandmother
big spooning my BFs grandpa
I got drunk &amp; chaturbated with a Catholic priest
masturbating with my brothers toothbrush
Today I fucked up by eating salted peanuts
Being Addicted To Pornography Since JH, I'm Still Fucking Up
spilling 400 degree oil EVERYWHERE
not thinking to check my zoom name for a month
going back instead of forward on Daylight Savings Time.
telling my mom about my dads girlfriend
understanding Rom Coms
putting my car key in my women’s jacket pocket.
and threw rocks at a women’s windshield and got the cops called and my school sued
getting a hickie
sending my mom a dick pic
giving my boyfriend $20
AITA for not telling my friend about a comment her boyfriend and his friends made about me?
grabbing a girl's butt
telling my professor his class was easy.
eating fries coated with bleach
using my baby sister's towel to dry after a shower
telling a health and safety inspector that we bury bodies on site
posting both photoshopped and unedited profile pic
telling the neighbor kid I’m a pirate
For all that's good and pure in the world, please don't mix pills in one bottle.
forgetting what I had open in my phone browser
X
So i am embarassed because of a meme and i hate myself
telling my boss's boss that I wasn't learning anything at work
poisoning my son and looking like a monster
telling my parents I’m agnostic.
wtf is going on
I freestyled piano - in public - badly
not pissing my pants but still ending up with pissy pants
breaking the reddit content policy
Rik rolling my freinds
making an apple pie and subsequently sending my cats to the emergency animal hospital.
breating after anal
forwarding a customer to the police instead of my boss
having anxiety and forgetting how to understand English.
Last night I fucked up big time most likely ruining my life forever
racing my slow car
Helping My Mother Make Indian Masala Chai
ordering thing son eBay.
not giving a hobo my hot hamburg sandwich.
misreading my colonoscopy bowel-preparation guide.
I kissed a guy my best friend is going out with
Not Investing in Bitcoin
joking about robbing a store at gunpoint
wearing my 'collar' infront of my colleagues.
lending my phone away to my brother
Losing My Full-Ride Scholarship for Innapropriate Behavior
almost breaking my bf’s neck while he was giving me head
watching TV on my phone while driving.
taking 8 shots of a plastic handle in an hour and telling the police my name was Cinderella
faceplanting in the ocean and almost blinding myself
accidentally applying to send my ACT scores to a HBCU when I’m white
cheating on my girlfriend while blackout drunk at a party
Leaving Discord Open
trying to get into a stranger's car
when I splattered a bunch of cars with thick mud while trying to get out of a parking spot
eating a very specific meal
putting some bad juju on a coworker.
putting pants on
I've been taking clearlax about 2-3 times every day for the past week or so, not knowing it's for OCCASIONAL constipation. I ran out and start taking my prescribed colace that never works very well and now it's not working at all. I've become dependant on that stuff, what if I can't shit without it?
asking police officers what was the easiest way to kill them
eating too much fish
Scammed out of £600 as I thought I was buying Amazon Vouchers for my boss to gift the staff 'goodwill incentives for their honest hard work'
my by sating "fuck you" to my dad on fathers day
getting laser hair removal setup
Real ghost caught on cam
not doing the stanky laundry
for trying to do the right thing
trying my wife’s vibrator
not realizing my uber driver had a baby monitor in his car
I left my menstrual cup in for at least 21 days and my husband found it
picking up my 1 year old and ended with a burnt penis.
typing F to pay respects
thinking my tent was being invaded by mice
trying to crowd surf at a concert and broke my tailbone
locking the cat out in the rain on a small balcony
HELP ME !
being naive and thus keeping my family from being together at Christmas this year
staying in Albemarle North Carolina
eating a spoonful of wasabi
filling my stomach with fast food before a five hour plane ride
for making a post on my final post..?)
Tatooing myself in school.
clapping along to the Friends theme and proceeding to throw my phone mid-clap into the wall and cracking the entire screen. It was a brand new iPhone 11.
making it rain
apologizing for something racist I didn't do and making it look like I did it.
toe blasting my gf into the ER
making my neighbors think my family was in the Mob
Open relationship gone wrong
I Was Sleeping during online class,but my Camera was on.
my entire day
thinking my dog was lost
The shart
ignoring a boi in da hood
accidentally sending a friend of mine a dick pic
drinking cold water from a hot glass
calling Game X Change "Gamestop"...to a customer... on my first day today working at GameXChange.
offering to help my girlfriend get ready for work
bare arseing my girlfriend's mum to her face
sexting in the shower (a little long)
sexing my sexy sex sex
planning a stupid pool game
taking Physics
trying to speak to her
calling my friend a “bitch.”
falling off a skateboard and biting through my tongue and broke off half of my front tooth.
shitting myself after a few drinks.
putting a candle in my dick and lighting it
shipping myself something I didn’t want my mom to see and letting her beat me to the door to pick it up
crashing my father's house unannounced
sharing my screen during my job training
telling a homeless woman I hope she gets to go home soon.
posting a song I made to SoundCloud
leaving my mic on on a game with a stranger.
By Yelling At A Blind Man To Take A Number And Get In Line.
saying I wish
making my porn super easy to find
sneezing while taking a leak. NSFW probably
writing a long story then accidently deleting it
letting the person I support drink to much milk
Accidentally sent my boss a clip from Letterkenny
microwaving a boiled egg
shooting my friend in the back
inadvertently Googling BDSM apparel at work
I don’t know if I should leave and let my friends have a threesome
letting my daughter near our foster puppy and then attempting home cremation in a panic.
Sent my boss a text that involved a racial slur.
learning about the actual dangers of weed
taking 3 stool softeners at the same time.
yelling at my dogs as they aggressively fought at 1:00 a.m.
cleaning out my wife’s ears while she was sleeping and perforating her eardrum.
turning in my Oxford graduate dissertation late
making my friend talk about her dead mother
wrongly emailing the university president
live streaming my sensual bath activities to up to 40+ professional colleagues.
Making an Outdoor Cat Shelter
walking into my fiancé zoom class semi naked
doing burpees in socks.
puking on my boyfriend’s dick
grabbing my girlfriend's sister (yes in that way) thinking it was my girlfriend
sharing a video link from Reddit to my boyfriend's sister
not disconnecting my Bluetooth.
lying in my bed
looking up this only fans type barista girls page on the internet. So her name goes like bbbyy girl etc. but I put baby girl even with her name but I got one of those pop ups
calling my friends mom fat on speaker phone.
Today I Fucked up by asking my Friends Dad if I could sit in his Hummer
GF's Stepdad called me "controlling"
I became a therapist to the girl that I like
creating a school meme page on Instagram
saying "i like it big" in class
sharing my computer screen on online class
starting a fly infestation in my house
trimming my own hair and fucking it up.
selling my GameStop, amc, and blackberry at the worst possible times.
SUGGESTION: Can Long start using paragraphs please? It’s really annoying trying to read a very long wall of texts with no paragraph.
dropping my phone on my daughters face while recording her snoring
thinking the amount I was drinking in a day was normal and healthy
I forget to close my mic during an online class
Deciding to Use Warming Lubricant
telling my girlfriend she wasn’t bring much to the table when we got married and a prenup wasn’t necessary on her end but yes on my end.
cuddling with other my boyfriend
a literary quote in a published interview.
I ripped my pants...
cheating in Candy Crush
and ruined my entire organizations program
accidentally cutting my cats tails tip off
flashing my next door neighbour (M) while i just moved in. I am also a guy.
showing my girlfriend nudes
I accidentally broke my interviewer’s toilet
getting my dick sucked at school.
giving my peanut-allergic mum Snickers pods
freeruning on a bunch of dead jews
having sex with the wife. In the countryside.
hugging a friend in front of my crush
asking my vegetarian friend if she had ever eaten insects
telling someone he had something on his trailer dragging...
bleeding out of the tip of my penis.
Looking at a girl's ass
telling my girlfriend of six years that she was bad at sex
transferring my stimulus to my main bank card...
I tried to recreate a hot encounter with my wife and a ball gag and ended up with $2,000 dental bill (NSFW)
Zzquil and Wine
Oh crackers!!
not listening a good advice
TIFUpdate by toking myself out of a mild depression
letting my finger slip with an audience
All Hail All Dylann Roof the Nigger Slayer
unknowingly killing a mosquito on my forehead
accidentally friend zoning a girl I was infatuated with and ruining my chances of being with her, forever
setting an alarm on the neighbor’s Alexa
Asking my sister and her boyfriend to help me move my new sofa and my old sofa
wetting my pants at an AirBnB
Tofu by buying the Rugrats movie for my toddler
Just want to scream
by not remembering the walls were thin
giving the worst first impression
making my GF listen to a song about growing without a father
being a professional trespasser.
being a knob head
making a joke about my divorced perents, saying "i have 2 perents" isntead of "i live in 2 houses" but.... infront of my friend who his dad had left him...
squirting my pimple pus into my new boyfriends mouth
well-my mom did) by rushing me to the ER after she saw dots on my foot
my new phone
READING ABOUT PRIAPISM AND ED MEDS
farting when putting my daughter to bed
trying to walk with my eyes closed in a parking lot to prove I have good luck
making a video for a horny guy
having a celebratory barbecue
joining a feminist flat earth discord
I tripped on my vibrator
I shit on our living room floor.
almost) by taking melatonin before a party
shitting in my housemate's toilet
Today I fucked up by buying an Oculus Quest 2...
listening to Elton John at work
accidentally initiating 'the breakup talk'
Got a death threat from future father in-law because of political opinion.
not paying the proper attention to my dog
overeagerly jamming a vibrator up my butthole and passing out in the shower
packing out garbage from Burning Man
while cooking
collecting a bunch of cool little balls out in the yard to play with.
only tipping my taxi driver 20...pesos
applying too much force (NSFW)
farting on my husband’s face while orgasming
accidentally going to a nudist beach
leaving my laptop in my brother's room
almost getting a handjob from a stranger
Stifled a sneeze and almost died
wanking off the living room
getting way too horny two days in a row, making my body demand more.
Letting my dog lay in my bed
Accidentally said something *realllly* gay (cringe)
sleeping at lunch
not making sure that a mosquito is dead and almost letting it in me, from the back entrance
My drunk dad almost getting suckerpunched (messing wit me mentally knowing i wouldnt me able to protect him
sending my mom a pic of the washing machine
letting 2 birds nest in my workshop
leaving the condom in the shower
accidentally revealing my face on youtube way before I was supposed to
trying to convey my sincere appreciation to our awesome local senior citizen grocery clerk and end up sneezing on her instead... during a worldwide pandemic 😭
trying to take vengeance on some ants
thinking my parents left for church and getting caught in the act
almost handcuffing myself with a timer lock for 30 hours.
spilling mayonnaise on my pants
flashing my whole class
secretly using grindr
getting high and putting the electric water heater on the stove.
agreeing to a holiday abroad after 1 date
my own prank
chasing a cat around my girlfriend's apartment and he almost died
saying “that sucks ass” to my best friend
using a used iron wool on my dremel.
returning a duckling to the wild...
pranking my gf
My dog’s sticky situation
linking the wrong Xbox account
telling a customer to fight me
accidentally waxing the hair off my arms, and maybe part of my scalp...
getting caught sneaking into my GF's and having the police called
accidentally sending an explicit video to my professor
Ignoring "DO NOT ENTER" tape.
calling the owner of the company i work for a Fucking retard.
getting caught for wanking to Doraemon
telling my crushes boyfriend I like him
getting stoned and drowning my airpods pro accidently while taking a bath
eating a leaf for a lollipop
asking to be fucked with a 15in dildo
broadcasting a phony ID
shitting on the toilet lid.
getting someone "deported"
engaging in purging behavior for weight loss purpose.
Hollywood Lawyer Doesn't Like Torrents.....Duh
Tinder shamed eating so many Sour Patch Kids I burned my tongue
I’m a nurse and I shot my patient..
Attacking a Stinkbug
shooting up cum up my eyes
getting my stimulus check
giving my Girlfriend alcohol
now knowing my boyfriend's name
forgetting the word "Weiner"
trying to get revenge and getting my whole friend group banned on PlayStation
telling my best friend about my imaginary girlfriend
Today I forgot a big day.
trusting fate
sharing my beliefs
not attending online classes and doing my assignments
My arm is really numb
Did way to much summaries for my History
submitting the wrong file for my math exam
making my boyfriend buy a ginger root and he got charged with a misdemeanor for having it in his car.
drunk dialling my boss
sending my ex an unfortunate picture.
telling my sister she can fly back to Australia
causing the dead body smell in our garage
killing the entire network of my company for half an hour by accident
I Took A Pee On A Pile Of Leaves And Almost Had A Heart Attack
not cleaning my retainer
trying to help a woman in distress
reading my toddler a lift the flap book
Made a tactical error
inadvertently paying a stripper to do nothing but talk about their life
I fucked my gpa
helping my crush kiss another guy
letting loud ass wet fart at the toilet in my school.
not being able to fix a toilet
My Mom can't be with her children alone because of me.
losing a job over a reddit post
having sex with former co-worker who I had a long-standing unrequited flirtation with (I'm married)
nearly died of pissing.
TIFY by bringing my phone to the bathroom
going 8 years without eating meat.
pregunta
volunteering to let friends into airbnb at night
skateboarding.
walking a dog.
watching a man die.
not checking if the toilet at the hotel worked properly before absolutely destroying ceramic bowl tonight
Today I fucked up by eating food a fly landed on.
Classic high five mistake
having to break out of a cemetery
my thinking my cat was trying to break into our apartment.
Going to Great Clips
I forgot to indent on a paper
eating a mozzarella stick
Accidentally checked that someone can claim me as a dependent. They cannot.
forgetting mic on in the middle of a class
ignoring red flags due to assplay timing
dating a Christian boy on social media
Smelling my moms candle that she had just lit and got hot wax all over my face and chest but more importantly my NOSE!
making a short story entirely too long.
saying I did barbiturates on a life insurance application
hard by tripping balls after watching what happened this week and smoked some dummy stupid shit weed and memed my whole family
Using Nair on my vagina after getting razor burn. (2 days ago)
mentioning lube on a penis in front of conservative parents
adding the wrong person in the group.
getting my dick scaly as result of a blowjob and hot salsa.
releasing 'gas'
Today I fucked up by accidentally flirting with a boy
mistaking my another guy for my husband
thinking antifreeze water was a fancy windshield washer
cutting my penis in front of my daughter
falling for my gay bestfriend
soliciting a back rub from an attractive female coworker
angering a Karen over icecream.
explaining to my cousin that the Earth is more than 2,000 years old.
unthinkingly consuming Cambodian tap water.
getting high on an airplane and opening a locked bathroom door
telling my mother in law we should double team my husband/her son.
putting soup away in my fridge.
standing on my laptop
screaming IT'S DA POOP OF DA WEEK
being impatient with edibles
masturbating to porn
leaving my windows open
Jinxing Myself
singing to myself at work and breaking my arm.
bringing mace into a courthouse
reading a and passing out during a conference call
yelling at a election propaganda person
ruining Christmas sending my mother to the hospital, leaving children in tears
went out in public in hole ridden underwear
voicing my opinions on Reddit.
Unsure if my (M) partner (F) is getting contractions. Myself being high
joining r/
paying a weekend-pass price for just one night of an EDM festival NSFW
laghing at a girl
sending someone a picture of my crush
doing the sexy sex sexually with my very sexual partner
shipping an Xbox with no protection
sending the wrong picture to my GF resulting in me having the first asthma attack I have had for twenty years and hospitalising myself in a foreign country
thinking my Spotify was hacked and blasting ram ranch through my PS4
not looking up a word for my Twitch username
laughing at starving children
scratching my balls TOO MUCH
finding an old camera film roll and getting them printed without knowing what was on it.
learning that my toddler made up their own way of swearing at me and has been telling me to f off for a while.
trying to domesticate a chipmunk
eating questionable food and ending up with a jacked up stomach and an aching ball
telling an older couple that they're going to die soon.
having lost my only flash drive
voting and making local news
not changing my voicemail while being recruited for baseball
giving my mom a chocolate
drinking my own cum
Sandbox Incident
Like many posts here,  shitting myself.
By peeing in my pants at a friends party
Industrial Plumbing Contractors In Hyderabad
and jerked off with hot Cheeto dust
Farting is childish to laugh at, but still embarrassing as hell.
eating out of a stranger's hand in the middle of the Coronavirus pandemic. choosing to watch “Waco” on Netflix.
telling my nephew in law his uncle and I are going to Disneyland
setting the girl I like up with my friend
Accidentally getting marked as Troll for finding power mod joke humorous.
playing osu! and flirting with my ex
leaving explicit images in the family computer
breathing in too deeply
taking an edible and possibly seeing a ghost.
thinking I was gonna be able to heely my way down a bridge
getting suspended for 'accessing inappropriate material' on my school google account
eating an expired popcorn
leaving a padded bra filled with water balloons to use a fake breasts on bed. I share room with a cousin (M 19)
Defrosted popcorn chicken only to realised the power was off
calling my wife a "Wallmart person". Apparently Wallmart's reputation has become so bad I would have been better off calling her the "C" word.
walking in to someone else apartment. It was nice for two seconds.
getting scammed PHP8000 ($160) and it's MY FAULT
leaving black grams soaked in hostel room
eating a few cheese balls just to prove a point, which later became a literal pain in my ass.
eating undercooked pork that had started to go bad and my POOP/FARTS SMELL LIKE ROTTEN EGGS.
telling my stepdad “John” that his name is a synonym for toilet.
trying to hit on a girl on FB
not securing my camper door and losing my Nintendo Switch on the highway
wearing see through pants in my yoga class
scratching my face
learning about Luka Magnotta I blame netflix. I was so disgusted, I had to be sure the dude was caught after just 15 min of watching "Dont fuck with cats" on netflix, I googled to my horror. Please, pass on this. It's horrible. Just...move on. I sat horrified for a good 15 min.
accidentally showing the Chief of Operations my ass and private area.
Posting nudes in a gc
cussing in zoom conference
taking a picture of my poop in public
sending a dick pick and getting blackmailed.
pooping my pants and getting a special needs student blamed &amp; expelled for it. Shitpost
Cupcakes and a Buttplug
retrieving my fleshlight my mom accidentally threw away with the help from the building manager
teaching my half brother what pewdiepie is.
getting my Spotify hacked
eating frozen pierogies and having a crippling nicotine addition which led to me missing the toilet.
teaching a child some philosophy
taking edibles before the plane
practicing good dental hygiene and burning my precious. NSFW
when making out with my boyfriend, I moaned his roommates name.
not buying curtains
farting in my bathroom closet
saying I’m sexually frustrated to my children’s book client
peeing on my roommates new couch
faking an image saying my school is shutting down due to COVID-19
accidentally causing my housemate to break a religious law
Today I fucked up by losing $3000
Today i fucked up by asking my cousin if he started driving
Trying To Get Fancy with Mac and Cheese
breaking dad'd car keys
almost killing my spouse.
Sent sexy picture to my husband AND his coworker
going to a bar over the weekend
birthing out a tampon. The shit that saved my life.
trying to do parkour in an attempt to impress my gf
appearing like an arrogant prick.
making my kids think I was a poisoner
on Tinder
making someone quit their job
using a Nettipot and going to a city council meeting.
Hello, i was thinking to get my GF a dildo (she likes it), but i wanted to know how can it affect at our sex life and what are some ideas that i can use on her during sex. Thank you
for not being more assertive with my roommate about keeping the apartment clean
accidentally making fun of someone’s dead mum
telling my mom to shut up
and put champagne in my truck
dancing on the wrong person
LPT  not looking around the parking lot when copping from my dealer
I thought the apple juice in my step-dad's van was apple juice........it was something else.
making my friend block me
not looking in the mirror
having someone think I'm a catfish
following the directions
telling a woman with no arms that she could "hold on" to the shoehorn she requested.
sitting near to a police department
touching my bestfriend's boyfriend's crotch
not deleting my old Reddit porn account.
possibly ingesting ants
unintended micro aggression by middle aged white man
accepting a check I didn’t know that was fake and depositing into my bank
honking and talking about it
getting drunk and ending up on the psych ward for the night.
accidentally being a nazi
teaching my toddler the word ‘horny’
playing Rise of the Tomb Raider AFTER having already played Horizon Zero Dawn
DESTROYING LIBTARDS GET REKT 😂
not making my own desicion and ended up not being able have get too know this new cute looking girl.
shitting myself and proceeding to have the worst sex of my life
being issued the wrong college degree and not noticing
letting a class mate know our mothers used to be best friends.
accidentally sending myself into alcohol withdrawal
becouse my mother nicknamed me "negro"
almost stealing from someone on Facebook market place (unintentionally) and now I'm flagged.
wanting to make authentic tasting Asian cuisine
cooking an incredible Thanksgiving day meal
driving home drunk
letting my grill fire go out
destroying a $5000 server
Eating Chocolate Dish Soap
opening a package of rancid meat
Taling acid in Bali...
showing my middle finger to some kids.
not using a basket while shopping
feeding my family dishwasher cleaner
selling weed to a police officer
evacuating my entire dorm because I was snacky
and almost set the house on fire
when I needed to relieve myself...
Now my store is sitting on $500 that doesn’t belong to us.
pranking my girlfriend
going into a relationship too fast.
not clicking "Submit"
giving away all my money
getting out of the ER for an ego boost
sending a whatsapp sticker to a friend of mine
it was a tuesday evening FU. Now I feel like I am living in hell.
Talking Sh*t About the School Orchestra in Public, Ended Up Joining It
putting hydrogen peroxide directly into my eye.
internally cutting my penis
accidentally telling my professor my cat is a stoner over Zoom
eating way too much cheese
be being No.1 and becoming the number one asshole
getting fired on the first day and biting a girls ear
getting duct taped to a tree
Panicked about something
keeping my kitten in my room
forgetting to get a very important blood test done for 6 months
Today I fucked up by clearing my one drive
squirting on my laptop and breaking it
letting a jackal sleep in my bed
sitting on a toilet telling my girlfriend how excited I was that Biden won the election. I told her that I thought anyone who voted for Trump twice was a complete idiot.
middle finger my class
When I found out a regular beach wasn't a clothing optional beach - TLDR at the Bottom
getting my socks wet
falling off a treadmill
calling the pizza dude "Boo"Got stressed like usual, punched a wall, felt relieved, now my hand hurts and I can’t work.
Today i fucked up by driving my car into a ditch.
scaring an old man
listening to my boss's instructions.
using Epsom Salt body wash to masterbate
acting like I was going to fight my friend/coworker in the parking lot after work
trying to have sexy time while not knowing I had a gluten intolerance
spending 25 dollars a month on discord without realizing it
making myself seem sexist at work
getting pieces of gravel in my foot
offering a handjob to potential employers
getting back together with my ex
going geocaching
being extra while making a birthday gift
eating buffalo chicken dip
Need an opinion on Saint Leo University...anyone familiar with this University?
Thorny Accident
Mean joke almost turned into a disaster (cellulite)
playing Cookie Clicker over the holidays
hiring professional cleaners.
licking a burning hot spoon
I officially discovered the fastest way to the Doghouse... shit...
accidentally asking my prospective employer about his ‘Big D’
in the supermarket
Oh most hit my mom
Peed on myself
UPDATE: .308 Gunshot Pictures
Oversleeping for a road trip.
walking on hot sand
pulling a Ted Cruz
letting the entirety of my high school know I had a dick piercing.
continually undermining my relationship
pulling out half an eyebrow
forgetting to wear my apron to work and getting fired
Hey mods I dare you to ban me lmao
vomiting on my boyfriend
My drunk/sober ass
by being a bad gf
crashed my brother's car into a sign going 60 without a license, then told him a fake story.
losing my wallet, at work, only noticing late the afternoon.
changing a password and sending my Mother in Law hundreds of filthy photos.
calling my closeted gay friend the f-word
TIFI by making fun of my sister for having the sniffles
complaining at work
having butt-naked hot steamy sex with my beautiful girlfriend
saying "Light the Juice on fire" in class
going all out on strippers NSFW
having my sewing needle in my teeth.
not completely locking my door
Shutting Off Power to Thousands of Peope
getting a blood sample analyzed.
giving a squirrel my French fry in front of a cop.
asking a question that could cost a friendship
blowing up my parents' car
calling my friends mother "Daddy"
but from 2nd grade. I scared my teacher to the point she called my family in for a meeting
not putting dirty clothes in the wash basket
I walked into the wrong room
Going to work on my day off
Just happened
a close friendship
going into work on thanksgiving eve when I wasn’t scheduled
eating spicy Asian food and gassing myself and my boyfriend out
reading a wrong label at the store
rejecting a girl accidentally
God damn it
my family relationship by saying i was attracted to my stepsister.
not reading a book club's membership terms and conditions
Turning Online Because There Are Employees Exposed To Covid, Regent Sanusi Instructs Bulk Swabs
doing nothing
Baja Blasting a dude and turning into Two Face
wishing my colleagues in South America a Happy New Butts
leaving my wallet on my trunk filled with cash and all my cards and personal info.
Not Realizing I was Unmuted in my Zoom Class
by having to pee
happy graduation gone wrong
having my reddit location set to Ireland for 3 months
making my boyfriend sleep on the floor
getting toothpaste in my eye
letting the most terrible, stinky gas out of my ass while getting hot in a car
accidentally agreeing to pay £58 for a HAIR TRIM!!!
freaking out in the middle of the night
accidentally doing a bladder exercise
flashing everyone at Disney World
pretending to be colorblind.
failing NNN.
not realizing what blades to use in my jigsaw...
I accidentally backed my van over my neighbors cat.
liking pics of a girl i rejected earlier in my life.
ripping my pants because I was putting them on both legs at the same time
being a horny teen
reverse-pickpocketing my grandmother
Freaking the fuckkk outt
having my reddit history revealed by Jimmy Kimmel live on TV
answering an interview question incorrectly
Best Frenemy
Coming across to my little brother's hidden folder.
playing Cards Against Humanity
I work part time at a small mom and pop pizza shop. I was let go of being too nice.
Accidentally found my brother's user name
forgetting the birthday of the one person who remembers mine.
skipping karma-farming on my cake day to help a buddy move.
smashing my phone less than 24 hours after paying for it to be repaired
making jokes about me wanting to die of a heart attack
obliterating a child
I made an offensive, insensitive, and tasteless joke and although I tried to avoid racism... I used racism to an extent
my accidentally sending porn to my grandpa's Kindle
picking up the wrong person at the airport, resulting in cops almost arresting me.
Pasting an NSFW Link in my Zoom Classroom Meeting
accidentally making fun of someone’s dead mum...
making cookie(s)
kicking my son!
playing around with a condom
getting splashed with dirty toilet water
obliterating my family jewels while trying to improve my Jedi skills in VR.
Attempting to Avoid Scammers
accidentally sending a kinda racist joke to the entire school
Um teor
not taking a sick day
accidently spraying my testicles with Icy Hot Spray
taking two antidepressants at the same time
telling my wife that a random woman texted me.
letting a pet snake roam loose in my car
posting my vagina on Facebook
calling someone I was getting to know "mama"
eating tortilla chips
ordering a sex toy in my sister’s name.
fucking my future Cousin in law
washing my ass with fresh minty hell
showing a screenshot of another from my gallery
accidentally having Pee in my mouth
stopping on the side of the road in mud after heavy rain... having a verbal fight with my dad
breaking my arm while arm wrestling.
using the words fingering a pumpkin in front of my mom
telling my gf of one month I love her
Accidental photobomb at comic con
saying I don't eat meat at work.
Fucked up math test so bad that even the math teacher felt bad
bringing my tablet with me into the bathroom
thinking my exam was next week
trying to get a ride by my professor
for leaving my laptop logged on and now I have to run away from home
Getting drunk and having my first kiss
dancing in front of my mirror with headphones on
I burnt a black square of carpet in the very middle of my parents living room
clogging the shower
puking into a wicker basket
sharing my screen
sex and sexing he sex with sex and the sex
not know what cake day was.
spending $300 without my mother knowing
when I found out my bfs family has heard me having loud sex with him and hadn’t met me officially in person yet
Offering My Partner Advice While Doing Chores
accidentally taking too many benadryl’s
breaking my computer screen
Made a comment and it might have ruined my two best friends relationship
snapchatting my brother
Because my Dad walked in on me and my girlfriend having sex (we’re both 14)
Best Fucking Software Development Company
revealing my dick size to my family
falling sleep during a Zoom lesson where I had to present a presentation.
wearing nail polish
burning my ass
drinking a whole bottle of milk of magnesia(nsfw?)
not recognizing my husband in bed
I yelled “No” at the song choice for one of my my cousin’s special dances at her wedding.
trying to cook and buy a PS5
Leaving an Awkward Message on a Sales Rep's Voicemail
almost killing my dog
my quarantine haircut
as I said "yes" To my ex that we can get back together
Shooting One is My Best Friends
Today God saw me puke cum
sleeping naked and showing my 16yo sister my dick
guessing an AGE wrong
Putting Salt Into My Wounds
Threw water bottle on husband's brand new computer.
trying to avoid dental fees by removing a sore tooth
not realizing my coworker wanted to fuck me, not realizing why he kept telling me hes a top, and making him choke on his food.
trying to impress a girl.
teaching my cat to boop.
making a joke about underpants to an unfamiliar coworker.
singing in the bathroom
Currently mid-FU.. sharts and a promotion meeting very soon.
trying to auto farm
putting marijuana tincture in my eye
my penis bitten by ants.
causing my girlfriend to have a crisis in her mind by saying I’d help her.
I lost $50 from working and closing my first night shift at my new job
using arthritis cream on my finger
7
almost getting in trouble for working
saying the n word
taking a new medication
cooking potato chips in coconut oil
By attending a "suprise birthday party"
approaching my old high school art teacher
locking my bedroom door last night
not telling my husband where my wedding ring is resulting in him throwing it away...
thinking POC meant ‘Piece of Crap’ and POTUS meant ‘Piece of Total Utter Shit’
Showed up a day early for an interview
clicking on a hot link on this sub
making at least 20 people think I’m gonna kill myself
tell a bunch of guys in halfway house the wrong dating website
I think I F**** Up my life.
walking through a fountain sleeping with baggy trousers to bed.
skipping class

Falling asleep during class with my camera on
when i showed my 4yr old son sexy photos on the internet.
hitting a pole with my fiancée’s brand new expensive sports car, the one her father gave her, the same father who wishes I was dead.
falling out of bed
not remembering a password from six years ago.
showing a new friend my old friend groups’ goofy little handshake.
The time I fucked up by drinking my own puke....
Looking for some late night JOI and cumshots
wiping with a paper towel instead of toilet paper
answering all of the questions to the homework our teacher gave us and everyone being able to see them
clogging my friends toilet
skinny dipping in a swimming hole with turtles (NSFW)
hiding the receipt to the engagement ring I bought and my GF just found it.
showing my mom a Kobe meme
ordering a "large cola".
making a impulse by at Home Depot
trying to bite of my dentist tooth
accidentally giving myself ban
going out with one of the most beautiful girls in school and having the "cool/popular" kids have a fight with me over it
accidentally being transphobic
Signing for my Stimulus check
playing Batman Arkham night for 24 hours
trusting a friend that he would pay me
adding pineapple to fruit custard
introducing myself by the wrong name
almost getting my mom to shoot the pizza man
deep-cleansing my hair
implying i had incest
examining a bug that found its way into my washing pile.
breaking my retainer and maybe costing my parents thousands of dollars. What do I do?
getting in an arguement with my mate and blackout running off, lost to my friends, and finally found in a rather weird place
literally 3 hours ago though started half a month ago) by not reading the product name or checking before doing it.
mistaking my friend for my girlfriend
rejecting a hooker then getting robbed
“fish hooking” myself.
not doing anything
sh*tting myself in the car
kicking my cousin so hard I knocked out one of her teeth.
breaking a law
trying to be brave
asking my coworkers if they have to go potty.
forgetting i was in public
not cleaning my butt until I was 21
complimenting my classmates outfits.
I overpromised my neighbor
masturbating
asking my girlfriend for a nude
being wrong on the internet
I lost a fight to a tray of Bacon Grease
asking a handless man to shake my hand for Months without knowing he didn’t have a hand
sleeping with my co-worker
going to Taco Bell twice
accidentally burning my penis with a ghost pepper
trying to be like Gordon Ramsay.
taking a break from my phone for 2 days
Farting during a teams meeting while not on mute and thinking I got away with it.
not carrying a spare tire
TIFI by sending my gf pictures of a dead squirrel.
Today I fucked Up by talking someone out of committing suicide
telling a Uranus joke to my girlfriend while actually looking at Uranus through my telescope
playing Skyrim
killing my dog.
letting my dog in the room while I was about to have sex with my girlfriend
leaving my onahole in the toilet
contaminating my rice with my dog food spoon
Escorts
getting tiger bomb on my balls
my sleep walking continues
having a boner when a dog crawls on me and sat on my crotch, and I don’t hate it.
telling a blind person see you later
stealing from a store
having just one shot of coffee
pulling off the highway in the middle of nowhere so my daughter could pee
TIFA by forgetting I have fat feet
going to hook up with a girl I met on bumble after heavy drinking
eating Bagel Bites I found in a bag at the bottom of the freezer. eating old Bagel Bites that then nearly sent me to the hospital.
being bumb and thinking that FAQ was a slur and quitting my volunteer job as a teen
Creating a webshop and not meeting my minimum order
telling my class about how my d*ck is now a noodle.
By failing NNN
somewhat revealing myself on camera in class
Caught masturbating in worst way possible
because my wife found my daughter playing with her dildo while I was supposed to take care of her.
when I found out I misplaced all of my grandma's money for college into Visa account instead of savings account, two months ago.TIFI when I found out I misplaced my grandma's money for college into a Visa account instead of opening a savings account, a week ago.
offering weed to a police officer
completely ruining my life over a r/neckbeardnest photo I posted.
not evacuating for a hurricane early enough...and ending up in a shelter with lions
not realizing how the reddit ‘hide’ button works
accidentally caressing a parent of a child in my class.
getting ready for a school dance
losing my fathers ear cleaner + tooth picker which is of silver
flooding the dining room while playing blindfold tag on Christmas
30 miles from home, out of gas, and no debit card
breaking my friends minecraft server
sending a lewd picture on instagram and also sharing in my facebook stories leaving it overnight for everyone to see
touching my coworker
drenching the upper deck of a bus in tofu water.
making noodles at 3am
thinking i had paranormal encounter
commenting on a shared post on Facebook and assuming my in-laws would not see it.
telling my patient that it was "Nice" that his ex-girlfriend stabbed him to the point where he needed surgery.
trying not to drop my mouthwash at 2am.
deleting my game submission to the unreal spring jam 2020
Got pulled over for speeding 40km over on the highway, cop put it down as 15km over, told parents i was going 15 over now they want to go to court.
breaking my hand on my knee trying to learn the drunken fist fighting style
pulling a grey hair out from my pubes
I almost died from a bacterial infection
jerking off too hard
spoiling my boyfriend’s proposal plans.
trying anal with no lube.
. re d cxfvpt ong. f fro. ftrump and Bonedn ed Bone Boner p joe bind more like Joe Bkner penuis i hatebhim
saying that this happened over a year ago even tho it didn't happened today
losing my shit at the airport security lady and now I'm considered a security threat
I think  tipping.
ramming my Arbor doorway with my car.
saying chocolate biscuit wasn’t a gender in an LGBT+ Sub
drinking apple cider
sending a mean message to my step-sister
not knowing how to use a water filter.
sending my "private videos" to a girl, but then she blackmailed me
A simple restart would've fixed it"
mastrubating to what I thought was my neighbors
saying to my father's friend that I do not eat meat for like 1.5 yr.(I have done some stuff for him). He didn't onew,so his daughters had to make launch again just for me cuz I'm a pescatarian(only fish meat) I feel stupid,thank you.
pushing it with diarrhea.
assuming that I was home alone after a workout
accidentally poisoning myself with Cyanide.
getting extra lettuce at chipotle and adding an extra oomph to my surprise UTI last night
sending a photo of the hickey I received cheating on my girlfriend, to my girlfriend
eating potentially raw chicken
blowing up with anger at probably my best friend for the last 2 years, and screaming at her that I dont want to talk to her
drinking on a night before work
streaming with my girlfriend and peeling glue off my hand
I was too late to fix the biggest mistake of my life.
accidentally sending porn to my Student Gov Groupchat
they call THIS waxing?
forgetting how google accounts work
getting a treble hook stuck to my neck
Someone posted “nude pictures” Of Tom Holland on Twitter
reading an email message from my ex-partner's ex (sent to me)
story by my Dad
Rick and Morty on Pornhub
having my first cup of coffee in two weeks
being overly emotional with a manga
using a Bleach/Disinfectant skinwash..Think I need to go to the ER
shattering my window with a deadly accurate flying shoe
being lazy about passwords and getting targeted by russian hackers.
stealing someone's shopping cart right out of their hands...
farting so hard i shit my pants.
for staying on this subreddit
overthinking a relationship.
thanking the wrong relatives
posting a meme that got the police involved
burning my ass with a steamer.
not stretching before going to the bathroom and almost pissing on my cat.
buying my puppy a new toy
taking a dump inside the church
posting in legal advice
leaving my teeth on the coffee table.
almost losing, and then breaking, a nail kit I had paid for
unmuting my mic in an online class of 120 students and calling a dog to me.
answering my phone and impersonating a pizza man
dying my hair the night before my big interview
ruining my dad’s steak dinner.
I am never fucking touching a Nintendo switch ever again.
wandering through Berlin almost naked and looking like a homeless person
CAN YOU SPEAK UP SONNY? I'M HAVING TROUBLE HEARING YOU WITHOUT MY HEARING AID
yelling at the cat during sex
shitting in a stranger's bed NSFW
being socially distant
washing my phone.
while masturbating
I just got caught masturbating by my brother. What do I do???
Talked about my boss &amp; they found out...
LPT :  Beginning My Day with a BM
forcibly shutting my laptop down after I made it reset itself.
rapping WAP enthusiastically while my husband was in a conference call
bing to intense
jamming out to Baker Street and suggesting Schindler's List for a fun group movie.
kidnapping all moderators of r/
shitting in a sink
telling my sisters I love my friends more than I ever loved them
jerking off to a skiing video
saying "Do you want to stop for coffee?"
being in the wrong place at the wrong time.
not knowing how to hold the car seats up
making a friend on Reddit
touching the radiator cap, frying my face, and becoming Papa Stinky Smurf
scrolling through reddit during orchestra
calling a fictional character chonkey boi
TIF by falling asleep in a clothes dryer box and scaring my inlaws into thinking I'd been kidnapped or fallen down a well......on my new mother-in-laws birthday
Shocking My Penis
watching this sub turn to writing prompts
not realising my best friends had a relationship
attempting to teach my 4 year old the history of native Americans
unintentionally asking a friend if she's wearing a porn stars t-shirt.
putting my hand up when my teacher asked who wants a 1 hour detention
doing a mobile deposit from my banks app
trusting a friend who took everything and ghosted me
showing my english teacher a "cultured" picture of an anime girl.
getting a job
telling my brother to kill himself.
So I did something bad, I told my managers that my housemates had covid(they don't have covid, I just wanted days off work) and they asked for papers to verify so that I can get paid unfortunately I don't so I said to my managers that they said it was a joke and now they moved it forward to upper
Crashed because I drove a Mustang in snow
being excited about someone’s death.
drinking soda
I made the one fuck up you should never make. Im asked a woman if she was pregnant.....she was not.
wanting to rewatch Snaps
burning my wife’s asshole
missing my pitstop for a deuce
almost dropping my baby and breaking both of my knees.
taking Ambien for a good night’s rest and getting forcibly escorted to the ER.
throwing up too hard and giving myself haemorrhoids, which then got infected.
assuming my boyfriend was cheating on me
my mom walked in on me
at work after listening to divorced couple at the park
Don't watch somehing funny while drinking coke
drinking sanitary alcohol as vodka
making nachos
believing into the American dream.
when my friend swallowed a diamond ring
pissing on my PC while drunk
going on a carnival ride
not learning my lesson and exploding a massive boil before seeing a girl I liked
buying shoes in wrong currency
thinking sunburning my back would solve my back acne
Hollywood Lawyer Doesn't Like Torrents.... Duh
almost losing my phone at the beach
blowing spit bubbles and losing the chance of a blowjob
being denser than a brick
being polite to an ATM
sleeping with my dad's old friend
watching an IUD insertion video with my boyfriend
leaving a discord tab open
talking about a customer to a colleague and the mic UNMUTED
being a fan of Grover Cleveland
answering a call from my weed guy at work
having cake day
for sleeping with my husbands sister the day before our wedding
telling a kid not to run with his arms in his shirt
learning that there is a high probability that I received something I shouldn't have through the mail and transported it.
giving myself purple pneumonia
being too lazy to walk to the bathroom
Shiese story
telling my mom to lose weight.
calling my wife a chub
not punching my friend
be walking home in the cold with shorts on then yelling at a lady.
almost getting charged by a moose thinking it was fake.
accidentally cumming on my laptop
pulling an all-nighter and drinking a Red Bull...
getting black ink in my classmates white jacket
reading yaoi dj.
buying 100kg of wrong gym weight plates
leaving my heater on and burning my house down
r/For Embarrassing myself in my Spanish Class.
accidentally posting a nude video
Making a stupid observation
I wasn’t asleep, I just turned off the TV because I panicked.”
immediately jumping into diagnosis mode when the computer "died".
shaving my pubic hair then it bleeds
The Surprising Reason Men Always Choose Certain Women
not approaching my classmates
not cleaning under my bed NSFW
trying to ollie in the basement
being alone in a voice chat for too long while feeling "sexy"
accidentally forcing someone to pay 500% more than planned for a gift
putting an expensive plate on top of a tin box and walking with it
inadvertently informing my mum that I liked black girls by the power of porn
listening to Dora the Explorer
submitting an assignment with my friends name on it.
going to the chiropractor after having 3 sutures on my back removed.
minding my own business
explaining why unpopped kernels of popcorn are called "old maids" to my 5 and 7 year old niece and nephew.
killing $80,000 worth of rare fish, destroying my entire workplace, and getting knocked out by a parrot.
Regifter beware
holding the door for some old men.
accidentally lighting my hand on fire.
being my pants in the middle of no where.
attempting (yet another) suicide, and being untruthful to one of my only friends.
when I went my in-laws for dinner
falling in love with my best friend.
accidentally asking my female boss for nudes.
hosting a weekly Risk game night
Last Stogie?
playing with my cat before going grocery shopping
letting myself get catfished
trying a clinical strength antiperspirant and subjecting my new coworkers to horrid body odor
searching for subreddits while others were around and they saw that I recently searched up a bdsm subreddit.
using an outdoor candle indoors
accidentally had my dick out on trivia night.
finding out that my (atheist) favourite band is a christian rock band
using the disabled toilet
trimming my bits before Valentine’s Day
going to the bathroom at the theatre before the start of Star Wars The Force Awakens and heard a huge spoiler.
being drunk, curious and infatuated
accidentally racially assaulting an innocent shopper
throwing a foam machete...
using social media as an excuse to douse my wife with water
trying to propagate Drimiopsis maculata like a caladium.
visiting my old high school and showing a teacher my nudes.
spilling pee on the floor
pulled my back when I twisted to wipe my butt
OMG
being really drunk and disrespecting my dad
trying to be useful (as always) and nearly harming, maybe even killing my dad
staring at the hot Customs Agent while not noticing the agent behind the pillar.
going on omegle
laughing at my client after he got burned
snorting coffee...
ruining my roommate's chance with a girl
walking into my girlfriends house shirtless thinking nobody was home and
My sister accidentally used a towel I masturbated on...
I Fucked up by asking my Friend's Dad if I could sit in his Hummer
assuming soap was stupid.
showing up late to work cause I pissed in a bush last night
picking the movie for my family
Drinking Way Too Much, Passing Out, and...
sexting my ex husband my kink
visiting hispanic 4chan to improve my spanish
selling my Nintendo Switch
yelling all day
giving my dog a roasted pork femur bone. I need your honest experiences.
at my excavation job!
making the teacher angry.
being the most unobservant dumbass to exist.
stepping off a 35+ft roof
making farting sounds
TWFU by inadvertently creating a poopnado
curiously opening Snap Map
Shit Post
teaching my kid what a hair ball is.
GIVING MY GIRL A GOLDEN SHOWER
itching my lady bits
getting the new iPhone 11 Pro
peeing myself at school. In the washroom. I am in high school.
Turned the ceiling fan off with my arm
Not so serious
getting bored at work and having over $8000 in voids
accidentally almost blew up our neighbors house...
embarrassing myself in front of South Korean CEO's
asking my bestfriend whats wrong.
I downloaded Parlor instead of Parler
pissing on a chipmunk
almost dieing on my "hardcore" minecraft world
Sending My Elementary Teacher My NSFW ASMR
being bad at math.
burning sugar while attempting to make purin/pudding
By putting something else in my bike other than gas
stumbling across my parents creative writing erotica game
I got a HUGE Speeding Ticket in my Mum’s car
posting something on r/JuiceWRLD
ruining a year-long experiment by putting it in the fridge
masturbating when the doctor told me not to.
sending my friend a birthday present
eating 10 year old thermal paste.
making use of my video editing skills to satisfy my horny side
farting so bad my parents thought I smoked weed
NSFW  having outdoors sex with the wife. In the countryside.
but giving my kitten the chance to hide my Mont Blanc pen.
signing up for a reddit account and have no karma
risking my life to retrieve my drone up a mountain
calling my coworker a "Fuck Face"
leaving my weed drink out and my dad drank it pt.2
doing a Pornhub Premium free trial
confusing a female security guard for a male security guard at the mall
eating lunch and then using the bathroom
sending an angry email to a prospective employer
agreeing with a reddit stranger he could work on my All-State band music with me
calling the cops on one brother, and getting both of them arrested.
putting trash in the trash can
making people think im scammer
underestimating how much fiber is in popcorn
brainfarting the word vinegar to a black store assistant!
defending a homophobe.
texting my boss instead of a friend
eating a taco salad from Steak N’ Shake.
saying "so you ate a dick" to the city mayor
doing my best friend a favor
fingering my cats asshole like an incest porn
submitting a major assignment with part of it missing
not remembering my months
By wasting my Saturday looking for porn on Netflix when I could have had pornhub premium and saved 2.5hrs of my time
eating the hottest jerky of my entire life
Waiting Too Long to Clean Out the Barrel
unloading the dishwasher
watching the movie "About Time" while high
creating Nazi content
sending a group email with one very important typo
locking my parents out of their bedroom.
falling down a short set of stairs because of my unfamiliar new shoes.
getting my girlfriend roasted by my mother
hurting a dear friend
Eating a While Pot Brownie Obliviously
leaving can of soda in a frozen car
eating my BF's ass
peeing with no hands and almost dropping my phone
telling a coworker I got a frustrated call from an employee
showing my new friend my old friend groups’ cool little handshake
forgetting to turn off my microphone and camera in an online class
teaching my puppy to go down the stairs
being infertile.
I think
having my Mom tape one of my blank checks to our front door.
triggering a close friends dysphoria
laughing at my neighbour death
shitting myself on a first date.
moaning at my father.
having diarrhea shrapnel get on my cats back
attempting to make pizza
breaking my moms laptop
(NSFW)  being unable to hold in a fart
ranting on reddit
drinking the wrong water and losing my bowels in a dog dish.
using a new peppermint face wash and temporarily blinding myself in the process.
I was in an accident. "I'm fine". Didn't go to the Emergency Room. Bad decision. I'm a guy.
Proverb
Let me transfer you......
locking our cat in a room with no water or litter for 2 days
making my room into a pool
giving my tongue a chemical burn...
talking to a manager and a supervisor that are in the same department, but not in my department.
pulling a gun at my mother in the atm
letting the IT guy at work fix a problem on my phone
calling the firefighters on a house that wasn’t on fire.
possibly giving my terminally ill grandmother Corona virus.
suggesting my friend that we could have a nice evening coupled with a few beers and some stronger alcohol
attaching my phone number to my explicit twitter account.
shaving my hole..
I fucked up by edating someone I actually did encounter before online
making a bathbomb of my own blood.
not clarifying with the family that I was housesitting for when they were returning home.
installing a virus on my computer trying to download a Minecraft mod
So my roommate was taking a shower and I had to use the bathroom...
letting my husband shoot his shot...on me.
getting fingered on a bus
not owning a plunger
reading and ruining my girlfriend's life and my reputation.
Today I F’d up by joining Trippie Redd’s Instagram live
telling my aunt I'd bang her husband
moving my finger wrong, which led to my phone breaking.
making my Dad think I was dying of Coronavirus
Fell for a phishing scam, may have compromised my entire school.
Maybe not getting ripped off on Wish.com
showing my customer porn I just rubbed one out to
not realsing that my friend tried to come out to us 2 years ago
agonizing over why he won’t come with me
My girlfriend's mom whacked me with her boobs!
jumping out of my window
accidentally leaking my ex gf's nude photos
leaving some icy/hot medicine on my recently gifted gray wood drawer.
swearing in an online assignment
using twitter again for the first time in years.
ordering weed delivery when my parents were on vacation
killing a spider while wearing headphones
I am controlling boyfriend according to relative of GF.
falling for clickbait
flushing my vape down the toilet
Today i fuckes up by...
getting my sister mad in the morning
meeting Satan’s centipede
eating a handful of live ants
using scented lotion after shaving
being environmentally conscious
leaving my edibles out
NSFW  showing a stranger my butthole
Eating Spicy Korean Noodles As A Midnight Snack
not properly assembling a bed from IKEA.
paying way too much for a laptop.
not washing my vegetables.
scratching a 2020 Truck against another 2020 truck.
talking and hanging out with my friends EX
creating an ice cream-caramel monstrosity in the freezer
being chatty
not listening to my fiancé and going to town on some edibles.
drinking a large quantity of strong coffee to stay up at night and work on my online business
telling my roommate I loved his cooking
Today I fucked up by potentially sending my Class Officer group chat a disturbing porn hub video.
not cleaning up my ex's cum socks...
underestimating apple cider vinegar
convincing my christian friends to bar crawl
fishing for trout and now I’m out $1600 thinking that some African American people naturally have straight hair (16f)
flooding my garage with a substantial fog of chlorine gas.
I told a little girl Santa isn’t real
taking a new anxiety prescription, and being so chill that I thought it was a GREAT idea to tell my neighbor I liked her boyfriend and now we are all in a stay at home order next to each other
washing all of my sweatpants at the same time.
I'm bad with names
Today I fucked up by laughing at a client
by posting this post
I vomited in a CVS
Small sign = Big load of bullshit
trying to be more careful
scaring a friend and causing people to think I was assaulting her
accidentally showing a teacher my underwear
I ate orbeez to see if I could puke them out.
going to get a cup of coffee
not remembering how many cups of coffee I drank today
accidentally showing my sister a screenshot referencing 101 dalmatians rape porn
making food for my bf.
sending a naked pic of my husband to my family group text
joining
running barefoot on hot asphalt
having anxiety
having a banana sucker with Invisalign in.
being caught masturbating twice in the same day
Taking a hit with 84% THC dab...
forgetting an apostrophe.
aged 11, by being a fan of Snoop Dogg and winning a writing contest
saying “that’s gay” to a gay person...
trying to please my wife so hard I thought I’d die.
being a big fat idiot and succumbing to my nicotine habit despite the state being on fire and it’s smokey and miserable out.
drinking and losing sense of reality.
missing class
bringing an innocent barista to tears, attempting to be humorous.
Not my fuck up. Friend shows up to beach party 3 hours late. Directions and time were in email sent to all of us. Text conversation below.
I bought an autographed copy of Tenacious D’s Post-Apocalypto as a Christmas gift for my son.
trying to make my room smell nice.
I’ve been at home for 8 months since months since corona and I’ve never felt so alone in my life.
burning the last leftovers I got left over
when I admitted I was bisexual under my breath in a game of apples to apples
phoning my mum's work
traumatizing my 7 year old son, making him hate me, and potentially give him PTSD for future loose teeth
throwing up on my boyfriend when I was giving him a birthday blowjob
getting caught smoking
Bloody tampon exposed to boyfriend's friend
masturbating.
farting at work
backing my 6 day old car into another car
assuming it would be easy to post a question about "microclit"...
serving pie to a vegan
not buying razors
tickling my FIL’s tackle
catfishing an autistic person
getting nail through finger
basically breaking my friends' arm
IFU a year ago. By helping a younger girl undress
Today I fucked up pushing a car uphill for almost two hours.
trying to fix my awful internet connection.
sacrificing my back for my laptop when falling down the stairs
bringing down my research group's supercomputer
going to my first shift at my new job
pushing too hard becoming the sheep we've all grown to dispise and I'm ashamed of myself
I fucked up my 2020 year with in an hour
wearing a thong and a sex toy to a wedding
Winter fail
Today I fucked up by fingering myself after eating flaming hot cheetos
shattering my son's belief in the tooth fairy.
accidentally coming out
caught underaged drinking
sending a man to his death.
making something up and causing thousands of people to read it
LPT:  throwing away a bag of food thinking it was trash and ruining my Easter
shopping for furniture at work.
watching my dad while he tried to get a show of a sketchy website
I was watching a livestream of a cat and I wanted to know what breed it was
having an unnoticed ingrown .. for three years
arguing with the girl I like after she admits that she hates me
spanking my nephew on the hand for the first time
not deactivating my tinder account
having a crush on someone who REALLY wasn't right for me.
getting exposed for playing games in class
J-walking to avoid a light that takes about 10 to change
feeding my boyfriend dog treats
Put my hand through a window and my life
granting mercy to an arachnid.
making my friend think i’m crazy during a talent show.
watching porn during online class
having too good acting skills as a kid
giving my teacher "syphilis"
at work by clicking reply all to an email sent to thousands of employees
buying tickets for Tool in US dollars, and through a suspect company.
letting anxiety take control, again
trying to support a black owned business!
making my sister think I am suicidal.
NSFW Accidentally Lost the Key to my Dildo Gag
Yelled Food @ Neighbor
accidentally showing my sister nudes of myself
having Christmas diarrhea
writing 'Happy Birthday' in a condolences card.
trusting a tweaker
giving my niece a black eye
locking myself in my car
nearly blowing up my hands with a fucked up angle grinder at work
shaving my pubes in the bathroom sink.
unknowingly saying racial slurs my whole life
sending a sleeping through a scrum call and broadcasting it over screen-share
creating a huge scratch down the hallway of my house then trying to cover it up with sharpie
don’t do dumb shit, that’s all I have to say
with my hair color.....
using my dad's hemorrhoidal cream all over my face.
I deleted 4 month’s of rent
fixing a AC unit
sneezing and dropping my airpods into the urinal
using the powdered snow spray on my Christmas Tree
not knowing how to use tinder
misunderstanding the nurse when she was putting my catheter in
not washing my foreskin for 16 years
saying something stupid at school
sleeping with my girlfriends sister while drunk
Ctrl + V
embarrassing myself in front of my crush and my mother
XRP scam. And I almost fell for it. Just wondering now, should I now do something or be worried.
leaving my dog in my car. I was gone for 15 minutes and he ate a pack of swisher sweets cigars.
accidentally giving my boyfriend a hickey
forgetting I was wearing a metal cock ring when going through security at an airport.
posting on a subreddit.
Maybe I’ll get a rent reduction?
I scratched up my car.
My religious parents found out I masturbate in the bathroom.
posting f4m instead of m4f
not getting a girls phone number
calling my friend's cat ashes "cute" and making friend's mom cry
spilling hot chocolate on my keyboard
for buying my crush's OnlyFans
YIFU by being extra ready/early
going to the wrong airport and accidentally becoming an international drug smuggler nsfw
putting ants inside me.
thinking I was alternative
showing a friend untagged photos of his fiance clubbing, and now he ended
cutting into a Hami melon.
making 4 entire classrooms of children and office staff think a school shooting was happening
being too drunk to pee in the proper place
almost causing a fire at work.
hitting my cat
jerking myself into the hospital with a suspected brain injury
being a spineless wimp and may have scarred a cinema employee for life.
for connecting porn to the wrong bluetooth
fucking my best friends cousin at his birthday party
Talked to my date;s hotter friend
I hid in a cupboard, naked, for half an hour
How would you respond if someone just wanted to make a reddit post to let the people of the community now that they are loved and deeply appreciated?
pulling on my husband's poop inside him (NSFW)
taking my husband to my OBGYN appointment
thinking I needed a change in my life.
possibly breaking my teachers fingers
letting hairdresser anxiety overcome me
being lazy and turning into a human lobster
using a dirty towel to dry dishes
accidentally scalding my nads getting ultimate Friendzoned by a long distance girl, after 8 months, thousands of messages, many hours calling and a couple nights of cuddling.
Gum in my armpit
not killing a tiny spider in my office
waking into the wrong class and not noticing for a good ten minutes, at least.
allowing google to upload my sexy pic to my shared baby album
when I searched amazon for "rabbit toys" for my pet bunny
“hacking” a classmates instagram account and leaving weird comments, getting her reported.
drinking a bottle of tobacco spit
trying to impress my little brother
smoking weed for the first time in a very long time.
for not saving phone numbers and losing my mind on the wrong person.
seeing a lottery winning video
breaking silence to proclaim a fart on Zoom
judging my mom
trying to shoo my angry cat with my foot.
walking down some stairs
almost cutting off my nipple to get frisky NSFW
not listening to a kid telling me that his mom died a week ago
Blurted “fortnite is gay” on family zoom call
My 11 year old walked in on my wife and I having sex
hiding in a club
pulling on a string.
insulting a girl for no reason while drunk
crushing my finger into a door
telling my friends I killed myself
putting my hand in the dishwasher
messing around on a Google survey posted by my teacher and telling her I have a fat peen...
going to my first party
well actually it wasn't today....
untying my shirts while peeing
Stuffed Jalapeños
How my feet and a nail clipper screwed me over.
pooping in my car
failing my computer science test
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit! getting black out drunk and flashing my privates to 6 people
saying violence is wrong, even on slavery advocates
discovering my girlfriend is a pornstar
going on a trip for my anniversary.
I might actually be the grossest human on the planet
thinking anything on this subreddit was true
ruining an easy grade for my class and making everyone hate me
having a panic attack in front of my boss(es)
playing chicken on Zoom with my professor
Posting My Tits To My Snap Story
Being A Kind Hearted, But Stupid Individual.
leaving a banana in my bag
accidentally admitting I liked porn a tad bit more than I lead my wife to believe.
thinking the cute store clerk wanted my number
having my brain run on autopilot
having a username that violates the rules of r/AskReddit
when I gambled away the money I was going to use to pay for my education and the shame is overwhelming
knocking my plants and getting dirt in my desk
Nearly Killing Myself from Farting
accidentally.... ya know what, I can’t even qualify it.... this is 2020.
jacking a fat one to my crush
sharing a cigarette with a random homeless man and getting a lung infection a few days later
TİFU by falling flat on my face, getting mistaken for a wasted bike rider, and making a language mixup that falsely reported that I was assulted.
ignoring a smell on a sandwich
my best friends sister but the U is silent
texting my boss instead of my friend/colleague
sniffing my lady parts on a work Zoom call
not saying a single word when I sat next to 3 girls at the university's cafe for 30 mins.
failing one of the english papers by missing a whole section
Once upon a time a bee almost stung my pee pee
picking up a cone snail
not telling the dentist i have really sensitive gums before having teeth out.
choking on my inhaler
failing to inform my urologic surgeon that I’m hung
flashing by bosses and work colleague and then outing myself as bisexual
accidentally leaking a girls nudes on my snap.
following the guy I lost my virginity to 6ish years ago on Insta... then liking some rather old shirtless pics of him... then getting soft blocked 🙃
(NSFW)  trying to make myself orgasm for the first time and pissing the bed instead.
having terrible bedside manner.
wanking infront of my crush
Sister walked in on me whilst I was doing "sexual things" on video call with a boy I liked.
TOFU by taking my 13 year old brother with me to the mall.
not registering (because I didn’t read the rules properly)to an exam that I could have easily passed and would have allowed me to graduate
giving head to a soapy dildo &amp; ending up having to eat mayonaise to get rid of the bubbles
turning the tasksheet over 5 minutes before the exam was due...
going for a smoke before gym
embarrassing teen moments
Bagels
reporting a road rage incident without getting a witness plate # and I got the fine while he got nothing
flirting with my son's best friend on FetLife
coming out as a furry at work
trying to use my friend to do a front flip
googling my name
cutting hot peppers before masturbating
blowing up a bathroom
eating
accidently day drinking
Today I fucked up by trimming my eyebrows
Getting a new fishy friend for our pet goldfish.
and got covered in doggy doodoo
Meadow, Paul Walker's daughter, remembers the day he died
taking LSD with a douchebag
Dead sister jokes. trying to scape my lady parts
saying to my girlfriend that I used to think of her as a more rural person
getting the 1 gift I got for my mom wrong
having my $1,800 computer turn into a $8,000 computer
cheating on my longtime girlfriend and alienating my social circle.
Hooking Up W/ My Cousin
bending over to pick something up, mid burp
getting completely hammered on accident
expecting to get a PSP for my birthday only to get a PSP shaped bootleg viewfinder.
joining an all staff Zoom call with a Carole Baskin background and got called out by my COO
not watching my son and losing custody of him.
Not Wanting to Deal With My Trans Friend's Depression
choking while on the toilet
realizing I should have checked my books before donating them
using body oil as a lubricant.
congratulating someone on losing weight when they didn't actually lose weight.
misapprehending ‛Dusk' as ‛Dawn'.
opening my car door.
Not me but a friend. Went on a Guy’s holiday and came back facing a divorce.
making hot chocolate without the mug.
confusing the countries of Indonesia and Monaco
misinterpreting a wink
Flooding Most of a Hotel
getting every field trip at my High School canceled for two years
pulling out my mom’s tampon
visiting this subreddit
drawing a cartoon of my middle school teacher.
inhaling a pack of McDonald's Peri Peri mix
making my gf’s class think she farted on zoom
driving the last nail in the coffin of a customers relationship.
Today I fucked up by reversing through the garage door, on my parents investment property in my new Jeep.
inviting my girlfriend to my houseI was kicked put of the room.
cleaning an old gas mask
Today I was a Karen
shaving my chest.
For killing me studying, I completely forgot to take the exam for which I studied
going to lunch with my father while high.
mentioning God to my (soon to be ex) girlfriend who is, I just found out, a closet Bible thumper.
telling my parents I want to move country and it’s because I want to get away from them
having a dream about Mark Wahlberg gently slapping my tits while singing Le Festin by Camille
I just took a dump in a toilet that is out of service
farting in a bulletproof van.
working less than an hour off the clock for the dollar tree
not knowing Savory was a flavor.
forgetting I was cleaning my toilet.
trying to make my bed.
Slept with a girl a month ago and now I got tested positive for std. I told the girl I’ve been seeing for a year a to get tested as well. She wants to end everything with me
because that’s not rash cream
making my class fear me
scaring my blind neighbor
shouting the n-word in class
NSFW tag for suicide/murder/rape mentions.
sending potential employer an email from wrong account.
breaking my phone with a prop sword
almost getting a DUI and officially ruining a marriage.
running over a pedestrian
fell into a frozen lake, lost my phone...
Cast iron isn't friends with me
letting ants feast on my semen.
in a moment of brain freeze, I smoke bombed an olive oil bottle in my kitchen floor
complimenting a co-worker
letting my whole private Christian school know I have gay parents (1990's)
Very graphic artist.
calling a little girl retarded
letting my orphan friend on my phone.
making my Xbox gamer tag to Joe Biden
letting my husband go down on me with a freshly styled beard
snorting shampoo
When I Sneaked into a Theater on Christmas Eve
watching South Park at work
adding red coloring in my Mac 'n Cheese
cussing at a caller when they were still on the line
telling my crush i smoke weed.
ordering a banana split
stabbing myself in the leg with a knitting needle.
I  single mom
Forgetting PS4 Minecraft doesn't pause.
applying toothpaste instead of deodorant
getting Windows to return important files to a drive that's disconnected from the PC, thus deleting them all
turning on the wrong burner and cooking my phone
eating food from outside
knocking and entering without waiting to be invited in
not telling the whole truth
traumatizing a woman in a gas station bathroom
consecutively elbowing my soon to be MIL in the face then kissing my soon to be FIL on the lips
I have business studies exam tomorrow and I'm going to fail. (Most probably)
making chloramine gas in my bathroom
looking through my computers photos
mooning my entire extended family.
for sending a girl to hospital during sex
mooning all of my friends on Zoom
calling someone with autism retarded.
messing with mafia👌
calling Domino’s driver “Mom”
not understanding how chat works
deleting my Reddit account before writing down the name of the Redditor with whom I've exchanged PMs about turbinate removal surgery.
almost voting for Trump
accidentally sexting and exchanging pics with one of my professors on a fetish site, and both of us recognizing each other in a videocall. Worst thing is we were good friends as well.
sending a SOS message
telling a girl she loves me a week after we started dating.
freaking out about a wasp
sending a friend a surprise Christmas gift, caused him to think it was a bomb AND a charity case.
letting my friend pick the location for her first professional massage
Zoom call (Naked)
playing an ouija board and cursing my mother
using my fun time cloth to clean a spill
i lost all of my money by accidentally buying Reddit coins and now I don’t know how will I survive quarantine.
not reading the fine print in my lease
congratulating my best friend on his engagement
thinking that some African American people naturally have straight hair (16f)
not putting on earphones
Thought Garage Door Lube was Canned Air, Sprayed it into my MSI Laptop
buying the wrong replacement screen for my laptop
accidently walking in on my daughter and her boyfriend
trying some dirty pillow talk with my GF.
not flushing the toilet before taking a shit
deciding to join my friends who believe they are a part of some sort of vape nation. (I have no idea what this is)
accidentally making fun of my nephew’s coping mechanisms...
not listening to my body NSFW
doing epic monk plays with a broomstick
Fortnite FPS twisting my dad's arm
eating a cookie
telling my friends mom that you can workout your dick
I rolled up my ankle length pajama pants and wore it under my knee length school skirt because I was too lazy to look for proper tights
mistaking a cucumber for a dildo
reminding my husband of his brothers death and subsequent cremation.
LPT: If you want a free breakfast you can always walk into any motel in the mornings and pretend to be a guest eating caffeinated mints and ruining my sleep schedule for the last few months
I almost killed myself and another person with a KITE
opening my bubba flask during online class with an unmuted microphone and the class thought I was pooping on the call.
covering a disabled elderly lady with air freshener for 3 months straight
overwriting a mp4 file after editing instead of saving a new one
referring to my friends boyfriend by the name of her ex
Spiderly
Trying to Stand Up With My Ankle Numb
accidentally hitting my dads hemiroids
doing chemistry with the kids
banging all your moms
not knowing what gay was
accidentally filming me and my partner having sex and sending it to my mum
leaving a pot brownie on the counter
working the front desk NSFW
waking up too early
offering a table my vape
adding a comment to my hotel reservation
telling the new employee I hate the boss
getting caught by my mother having sex
having to walk through a restaurant in pyjamas
TIU by swearing at a customer over the phone
getting caught receiving a blowjob from my wife, by our daughter in public
spoiling Money Heist, the Netflix series, in my class WhatsApp group (no spoilers)
I guess) by using Imgur's own supplied gifs to comment on imgur.
decorating for my sons birthday.
when I opened my door.
sending my mom a 'letter unsent' about her
accidentally letting my dog eat a grape.
getting an old lady crippling stoned
threatening to shoot up my school...
accidentally pissing on a hooker while at work
Wearing loose underwear where my dick strayed, someone at work took a group pic and sent it to everybody with a very clear imprint in my pants of my manhood.
moving! NSFW
not showering, putting on makeup and then accidentally overdosing...
accidentally smashing a bottle of Campari in the supermarket, leading to an A&amp;E trip
accidentally sending a picture of my bulge to my chemistry discord server
being desperate for a PS5 &amp; not accounting for shipping/customs fees...
Tying To Be Nice And Acting Like A Clueless Idiot
not keeping safe something that I loved.
locking my keys in my car and paid a car thief to get in for me.
eating too much food and thereby shitting my pants
blasting The Lion Sleeps Tonight on an airplane (6 times)
Yesterday, I canceled a date by stating due to load management we need to reschedule
Getting a kitten
my friend did)
making in laws and wife think I was dead
cause it was my first time with my girl and I didn't get a boner Male (19 Straight)
swearing at the school cop.
throwing up during foreplay.. twice
shamelessly destroying my toilet
using Lysol wipes on my privates
Going
getting close to a commotion which turned into a gunfight, almost killing me at a ripe age of 14.
talking to my puppy
assisting cosmic karma and burning my boyfriends butt
putting a menstrual cup up my behind (I'm a man) because I'm a retard and because I was drunk and because I thought it would be funny...
doing by doing exactly what I always do...
unintentionally flashing a pregnant mother, her two children and my fiancee's mother alongside six other people.
getting titfucked NSFW
entering into an occupied unisex bathroom
keeping bb pellets in a pill bottle
Receiving 140% Tip as Pizza Delivery Driver
joining swim team and not knowing I was allergic to grass.
showing up to work 45 minutes late, because I didn’t eat and had a hangover.
letting coyotes eat my dead dog.
posting my nudes on my snap story
posting in unpopular opinions about straight+
getting impatient behind a plow
punching a tree to impress a girl and breaking a bone in my hand
sending a text meant for my gossip group to my study group
tripping balls in a nail studio by accident, and then accidentally confessed it infront of my dad
running out on a girl
not looking at a label
adding salt to an open wound. Figuratively.
laughing with a friend and a guy ending up with a broken leg as a consequence
shitting in my car, in full view of 30+ cars, on the Port Mann Bridge.
getting a lifetime ban on reddit. A really nice mod just lifted this for me. Wanted to help raise awareness of what NOT to do like my dumbass.
learning what mashugana means today
ordering sushi
fucked up at the shopping mall
forgetting to mute my microphone.
slapping a girl in class
Texting My Ex
trying to buy lingerie for my 3 year old daughter...
and almost ended up in a German jail
telling my boss to get his dick out
clicking on the wring Reddit post causing a pair of tits to appear on my computer in class
sending porn to my crush
and accidentally sent a former faculty advisor and current colleague a pic of a big naked guy.
getting blackout drunk and coked out of my brain, in front of my wife-to-be.
buying decaf coffee
reading my mother about a about a guy telling his gf about a about a woman telling her child that Bob Ross is dead
commenting ok boomer on a face book post of my dad’s.
snorting lemon flavored drink enhancer powder
sending my Dad the results of a BDSM quiz
possibly getting exposed to COVID-19, breaking my toe, and getting a belly button infection.
not paying attention to a power cord
setting up my bff with the wrong dude
putting water into my ear
playing dead to fool my traumatised grandma
trying to do the laundry...
putting antiperspirant deodorant on my lips
going go karting
chilling at my friend's place while she wasn't home
having a gigantic penis
jerking off in a public library.
having Athlete’s Foot my entire life.
Moved into a new apartment a few hours ago and I forgot TP.
taking my meds without food
inadvertently causing a massive emergency response while looking for a spider in my car
Accidentally Humiliating a Dwarf in front of 50 people
renting the flat of a dictator
seeing my Mom's private part and realizing that I am gay.
not shutting my bedroom door all the way. NSFW
trying to get my mom massage oil for her bad neck
not knowing what "pelvic rest" meant.
Tofu by not realizing my waitress was asking me to by her a drink
getting drunk and walking to a convenience store late at night in a terrible neighborhood
accidentally telling my niece Santa isn’t real
making an ironic comment about my companies plans to observe "Juneteenth" tomorrow.
my mom walked in on me watching scat porn, i stepped on a cockroach with a barefoot, and my grandma saw me with just my underwear on.
taking a $200 dump
going for a morning run.
accidentally giving my brother a vibrator
forgetting to post the original story and only posting the update instead
Today, i fucked up by sending my mom a TikTok video.
putting a rule that replaces a word on a friends phone.
telling my BF where I keep quarters
for not showing up to my appointment at school to take testing accommodations.
putting a roast me on a toast me
having hay fever and ruining all chances with my crush.
accidentally swiping right on someone sitting behind me
creating a canine workout alarm
Soft Gel Vitamins
watching Harry Potter
doing dry january
choking on spicy chicken
forgetting my name
misjudging how long it would take for me to get off the bus
threatening to kill myself when drunk
MANING UP.
skipping my train stop and effectively violating quarantine regulations
Pissed off an angry ghost
breaking down crying while talking to a career counsellor.
I found my 8 year old washing his face with my cum rag.
building a cabinet in year 8
locking myself while trying to replace door lock
I called the girl i've been chillin with "fat" and now she wont speak to me. What should i do.
today i fucked up by making a offensive joke in a ig group chat
It could have been way worse.....
drinking hydrogen peroxide
I lost my wedding ring 4 days after getting married.
calling my girlfriend my ex-wife's name
taking off my glasses.
eating a panini
kissing one of my friends
staying up all night completing an assignment and sleeping past the deadline
proving a stereotype to my grandma/ came out on accident.
leaving a sex toy in bathroom
getting my ear caught on my car door
inventing a word that happened to also be a racial slur
installing all my smoke detectors/fire alarms in the same hour
bringing my mom to the doctor’s office with me.
killing myself
jacking it with hand sanitizer
cutting my nuts
my speech in class
IN A VERY PORTUGUESE FACTION
pulling a prank on my sister
มาเล่นแค่ปีเดียว ประทับใจลีกไทยจนต้องบอกต่อ
forgetting my ID after an hour and half drive.
saying “Play it by year” my whole life.
quitting my job and trying to live out of my car
sharing dick pics with my Dad
ruining my own surprise proposal SUCCESS UPDATE
yelling at my brother while discord was unmute
assuming the guests at my table had a pet dog
telling my friend to not be rude...
making kissing sounds at a strangers dog.
not knowing what the bottle was worth
for having a horrendous scene phase.
accidentally chugging vodka at 8 years old
unintentionally insulting my date
doing laundry at the worst possible time
drawing this horse and bird i cant post pictures so no
squirting 90% isopropyl alcohol directly into my eye
watching a video of someone getting robbed and killed.
spilling apple cider all over myself
telling my mother to not comment on my pictures
when I turned my back on broiling chicken for one second...catching it on fire.
not doing something myself and gifting slime.
Ugggh
almost dying in a tiny house because I learned how to make demi-glace
loading a ton of mulch into my Prius
almost letting my brother kill himself
shitting in a condom then using it as a dildo
clogging the toilet
watching Dr. Pol with my Mother-in-Law
sharting myself while donating plasma..
TUFU by feeding my dog and fucking my teeth up
breaking my driving teacher’s car
playing video games with my MIL
telling my coworker about Tesla and Hitler in the same day.
telling my wife that "finger girl" added me on facebook.
suggesting to my family that our Christmas day Zoom video call should be clothing-optional
feeding my family dog food.
letting my ADD get the bestbof me mid-convo.
letting a Raccoon inside my house while I was naked.
sending a woman money through PayPal for a twerking video not handing my grandpa a screwdriver
telling my boyfriend that I had been lying to him
exploding a milk cartridge TL:DR
shitposting on
Over heard people talking about their unconfortable clothing
accidentally scarring my little sister with hentai
wanting some baked beans
not telling my sister her man grabbed my ass.
leaving around $50,000 cash at a ‘close friends’ house..
sending a dick pic to my family
racking my husband in my sleep
thinking no one was emailing me for a year
pissing my pants when I had pockets
thinking being a Brazilian makes me immune to sunburns 🇧🇷
Getting Locked Out Of My Dorm Room On The First Night Of Freshmen Year
opening my phone in front of my mum
being annoying about my boyfriend's messy room and getting exactly what I deserved
sending a pornstar's name to the my work Whatsapp group
Playing $1 slots too long.
getting robbed by my uncle
kicking in my FRONT DOOR
making my teacher go on stage
telling an adopted kid to get some real parents
responding to a friend's "what's up" with "what's up" back to him.
losing my wedding ring AGAIN
So tired I shit myself blind
causing hearing loss in my left ear
TOFU by taking my prescribed medication as instructed.
leaving my roommate locked out for over an hour while I was home
incurring a penile fracture NSFW/NSFL!
getting high and real upsetting my dad
NSFW  ruining romantic bolthole
going and talking more than needed
going to school too early
telling my co-workers that I've got coronavirus

texting my friend in class when they were absent
yes
posting a p*** link in a school group chat
made a new Reddit account.
texting my uncle while teaching his daughter music
telling my parents that I love cum in my tum when I was younger NSFW
not learning from a previous
Sex sex? Sexy sex sex? Sex sex sexy sex!
keeping a promise
My retractable box opening knife was taken by a student!
Buy Trustpilot Reviews - 5 Star 100% Nondrop legit Safe &amp; Guaranteed
playing with a girl and got stabbed for it?
trying to give someone my number
taking 3 adderall 15mg
watching porn vids on high volume in my earphones and loosing my innocence!
calling my crush mom
I fucked up sexy time.
opening porn in front of my friend
letting the cop I’m dating handcuff me
accidentally breaking and entering into a strangers house
wrestling an overweight autistic kid
not hiding my Sex Toys good enough and forgetting to throw away two Binkies, and now my Family probably thinks I’m an Adult Baby obsessed with Sex Toys
finding out I've been improperly correcting people's grammar my entire life
telling a terrorist attack survivor I liked ISIL songs
my friend walked into the wrong house
Condoms
saying the wrong thing to my old teacher
joking that I controlled wolf spiders
turning on my camera during zoom office hours
trying to not be seen almost naked on a Zoom call.
going to the ER during a pandemic after coughing up blood
realizing that I had proved Fermat's Last Theorem when I was 6 but didn't know how to share it
I accidentally made a suicide joke at the wrong moment...
today i uhh by umm yeah erm
visiting family and accidentally bringing my bad luck.
cleaning my bong
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
using 4 bug bombs and nearly checking out early
forgetting that my friend is a lesbian and assuming that she's a straight woman sleeping with a dude and asking her for tips on how to give blowjobs.
gassing my housemates while making burgers
Not Realizing the Noise was in My Room
play-fighting with my partner.
breaking my favorite Christmas ornament
launching dog shit at myself
making an ask reddit post
telling this girl that I liked her accent when in fact she has a speech impediment
Pretending to kick a little girl
putting a black pin art piece on my face.
getting a colonoscopy
ruining my own xmas!
being patient in a convenience store line
sending Buddy Jesus to a very religious person.
"hot boxing" with farts in the office
making a joke about dead babies in front of my co worker who had a miscarriage
repeatedly eating Frutti di Mare
I think I did something wrong
waking in a pool of "blood" thinking I was dying.
having ramen for breakfast
telling a random bar patron I hate the new owners
misspelling my name as a racial slur (Valentine’s Day Edition)
obliterating a small child
paying a shine -dot- com agent for services I don't need, now I am afraid of my oncoming lonely old age
getting over half of my small school addicted to nicotine.
changing my nickname with Siri
I looked up something I should not have...
letting my dogs play with their collars on, leading to one of them almost dying.
butt dialing 911
sleeping in my online lecture
introducing my son to the boogeyman.
getting my mom high on Christmas.
discussing my (19M) recent purchases with my boyfriend.
asking my boyfriend to roll up my sleeve. Short.
asking out a girl by playing a song from 2008.
listening to shoes
Lyft passenger call police on driver for trying to kidnap her
defending myself from child/domestic abuse.
Slashing a Carton of Chocolate Milk
going out of state for work.
joining this sun. This sub all you have to be is a girl with a nsfw tag on your story. Swing a story about how you accidentally showed you coworkers your Vaginas and boom you got gold
reading a text message out loud
for running frantically looking for my phone while holding it.
using super powers to pee in the dark.
responding inappropriately to a compliment
trying to prove I’m not anti-social/introverted, even though I am
opening my front door and asking the random stranger sitting in front of our house if they needed help
thinking I was pregnant and then realizing, no I just can’t follow basic instructions
doing the sex wrong
accidentally linkng the wrong thing...
taking steamy of photos of me with my moms phone, forgetting she has recycle bin on her phone
giving my younger cousins weed brownies
not doing a patch test and burning my vagina off
having a hearty conversation with my neighbour
washing my hands after taking a piss.
masturbating with cooking oil.
leaving my charger at work
making a joke.
Cheating On My Girlfriend
Accidentally made my entire highschool think I'm gay
My coworker missed South Park reference, instead believed that I wet the bed
eating 4 week old vegan butter on my popcorn
telling my grandma the of a person telling their grandpa a of a guy who told their gf the of a woman telling her daughter about Bob Ross' death
giving this new girl that I met my ex's number
making Lentil Bolognese for 2 weeks
enraging my civil war enthusiast Uncle by claiming I learned that Robert E Lee was gay and had an unrequited crush on Abraham Lincoln
acting like a crackhead at the Dunkin Donuts.
inadvertently humiliating a sex offender during a Super Mario Party competition and accusing him of preparing to reoffend
practicing my parking in a supermarket car park
standing by my Morales in the workplace.
sharing an inappropriate memory at a friend's funeral
pouring a litre of lube all over my face, hair, bedroom floor, everywhere
peeing all over the kitchen table
I really, really fucked up
accidentally leaving my car doors unlocked when I went into work
Talking Shit About An Employee While Not on Mute
getting kicked out of a store
Bennett
when my mom found out I have threesomes and sugardaddies
"Bean Dipping" a girl
Today I fucked up by helping a bitch friend that was depressed by telling the school counselor about her S attempt.
wearing t shirt in winter
reacting to the coronavirus and not being proactive
harassing girls online
calling out guy with lazy eye
TIGU by rubbing
dropping my diva cup in the toilet.
ruining my friends white interior home.
Telling the School My Parents Fed me Cat Food
I may have given the transgendered ex I hooked up with an STI. When we investigated how many people it could've affected, I found out they had a threesome. Through my childish insecurity, I asked if one of their partners was male which made them accuse me of being transphobic.
trying to beat my dad into the house
losing a tampon in myself
By Daydreaming while getting read for bed
People hating on my morals and opinions about controversial topics
eating paper
picking up plywood in an intersection
buying Titanfall 2.
miscommunicating with my mom
impying that I didn't like someone.
not signing up for a class exam
Tonight I asked to be tucked in.
sticking my hand in the ceiling fan.
cleaning out the closet
My brother  watching porn.
making someone who means the world to me upset 😢
and now I have to hide my leg from my husband for a week or more
accidently downgrading my computer instead of upgrading it and i dont know what to do .
Today I fricked up by making my crush cry.
using shampoo as a lube
going to the shop to buy vouchers
being a smart ass to my teacher.
Left IC at home, and a flight in 2 hours.
learning I was flexible enough to fulfill any man's dream NSFW
drinking too much water after a long kitchen shift....
I killed my cat
Time I fucked up by letting my fiancé nap next to me
thinking my wife's checking account was hacked and was buying alcohol in California. (We live in Pennsylvania)
bu answering a question
giving my phone to my mum
asking my friend (we're both male), while in the same bed, what he would do to me if I were his crush.
picking a fight with a traffic cone
flashing a security guard in public
accidentally threatening a man
having my mom sit in my pee
the funniest happen to me and the dumbest HAHAHA
leaving the dog alone in the brand new house while we went grocery shopping
Trying to Out Run a Squall
lying in an interview about a gap in my work history.
I kiss you?
accidentally getting myself banned from r/Unexpected
eating too much of an edible
Earn Money online from home $500 per week, without investment,100% genuine guarantee.
wiping my undercarriage with an extra strength deodorant towelette
I fucked up by “sucking” at my job
By mom found my cum bottle
being a careless moron with my computer cords.
telling my brother not to talk to me
calling my mom.
using a disabled toilet at the absolute worst time
screaming when the ambulance workers were at my house
Dislocating My GF’s Knee Cap
slitting my eyebrow.
using nasal spray as eye drops
accidentally having a porn shoot with my fiancee's parents' trail cam.
By ordering takeout after a few drinks.
having kinky sex
using the till for the first time
help plsss
just sat on the toilet for too long
almost becoming a xylophone
pretending to be a Power Ranger and potentially compromised my ability to have children
123.hp.com/setup 3830 - 📞+1815 📞 825 📞 4207 - 123 HP Setup Support Number
gatecrashing an end of year office party
stealing the Panera cashier’s identity.
spamming the n-word and f*cking myself.
saying "what you're doing is disgusting" as a woman walked into an abortion clinic.
telling my wife she would be nothing without me
accidentally starting a cult based on crow worship.
getting walked in on having sex with my gf. We're both 14
not going to the restroom right away
shutting my camera off in class
accepting a simple job
I sent an angry text to my friend's mum
playing VR too eagerly
Ikson - Rays|Take Off|Markvard - Desire|Niya - A Finale (Sri Dream Music)
unknowingly paying to access several NSFW channels on my TV
and my mom) by teaching our dog how to beg.
accidentally sending a lewd to my 13 year old brother
swallowing shit.
rubbing at high speed into a rock
making old fashioned popcorn.
tryng to be cute on a first date
not drinking soy like a good little boy
installing my soundbar incorrectly and not noticing for two years.
Upset Stomach at Hotel
I dropped a log in the shower
being scammed
getting too drunk and trying to sleep in my new room mates bed.
getting turned on to the scent of my deodorant
attempting to scare prank my cousin
bringing a Ka-Bar to work, pulling it out in front of a customer and scaring my boss and customer. All because of cheese.
thanks to multi-tasking on autopilot!
almost costing my company over $10,000 in damages.
getting a raging boner a farting right in my physiotherapist's face
not drinking Earl Grey Tea.
worrying about my sister and almost drowning.
dumping a entire bottle of prescription ear drops onto an old womans head.
trying to gut a discounted fish from the supermarket
Cc at us tfor was she ciIzzy ee i c ugh x
jerking off 15 minutes after eating a bowl of the "worlds hottest ramen noodles"
using an alternate Google account for school
getting sick in someone’s mouth
sending nudes to the wrong person
getting my balls bitten
changing my toilet and flooding our entire condo.
letting my friend hit me with my car for a video
hiding behind a bin and scaring my elderly neighbour
almost dying while smoking weed and jerking off
convincing my entire household they had butt worms
order from UberEats later at night
I Screwed up By Getting Caught "Reading" A Naughty Book during my Religion Class
peeing on my Mom's sewing table.
launching roadkill at my former colleagues
getting the balance wrong.
sneaking my boyfriend over
High quality fake id available if you interested on seeing samples WhatsApp us on +15712529441 you not paying until id is made and send id come with hologram and uvs Light and duplicate we do for USA, UK , Canada etc
hitting on a 19-year-old salesgirl
accidentally peeing into my own mouth.
leaving my car on while having sex
twice by telling a friend I had a crush on him a few years ago during a Zoom dinner party.
bringing alcohol to the wedding of someone with a drinking problem
branding my driveway with the word TACOS
thinking my boss was “trying to get with me”
PLEASE HELP ME GET THE MOST DOWNVOTED POST
getting the norovirus from my friends
showing my dick to my girlfriend dad
Today I fucked up by celebrating about Joe Biden winning to my car mechanic
pouring boiling water all over my hand.
giving my husband a buzz cut
The Hayride Accident
joining a “blessing loom.”
taking a nap first
getting high and not realizing I was watching my car get robbed
I stabbed a massive hole through the back of my mouth with a toothbrush.
losing my "manpon" in sight of a coworker.
EATING PEPPER
getting my wife arrested for domestic violence
teaching myself to juggle
by believing this had some originality.
doing a Eat The Heat challenge
accidentally outing my abuser on social media and they saw it
taking my nail polish off
แบ็กดาวรุ่งปัดสัญญาบาร์เซโลน่าเตรียมซบแมนยูซัมเมอร์นี้
CORONO VIRUS
possibly killing an old woman trying to get on a flight with bullet shells in my bag, forgetting visa details, and every other fuck up
thinking menthol lip balm is interchangeable with vapo rub
Kid smacked me because I sung happy birthday when it wasn't her birthday.
trying to be a comedy genius
walking in campus flying low
I sent a racy text to my wife. Turns out I really sent it to my boss.
snooping my bf's phone and having an 8 hour long panic attack
leaving a Babe Ruth in my pocket
talking about hands.Trying to clean the overflow hole on the bathroom sink by flushing a lot of soapy water down it...
being healthy.
cutting in line
singing Billionaire with lyrics of "porn magazine" instead of "Forbes magazine"
I decided to search on disboard for a roleplay server. I sorted by member count when my freind walked by. I am now explaining to them what the hell I just saw.
How do you call this fetish? Women dressed like this and a man whopping her?
telling my girlfriend that cheating in video games is bad and she should stop cheating and teaming up with her friend in Among us.
donating my library books
letting my gf cornered me to the point where i was her dildo chair in front of her family
leaving my wife tied up in a room with a bee
By not knowing who Ruth Bader Ginsburg is
taking CBD
reading through this sub
not putting our used condoms in a closed lid bin so my dog found them, ate them, and did his business in front of my mum who's house we're staying at
Hookup gone bad, what do you do?!?
sending trying to communicate with the admissions committee
eating poisonous peas.
being a good student and looking at my results.
putting the wrong name on dozens and dozens of applications.
trying to learn French.
fucking my sister
not recognising cafeine withdrawal symptoms
ruining over 2400 lbs of meat product.
leaving my menstrual cup on the sink
being overly adventurous on my honeymoon
accidentally pulling my pants down in front of a customer and the mailman.
booking with Expedia and not direct with the airline
Almost flipped a car at 140kmph (88mph)
beating up my girlfriend in my sleep
blacking out and making out with my step-cousin
insulting my mother in law in the family goup text by mistake.
opening a door.
asking my friend to waterboard me
telling my mom that I sometimes feel suicidal
exposing my cousin's embarrassing bladder issues
sunbathing naked and having my nude body included in a video game that will be played by millions
I texted my ex girlfriend the real reason I broke up with her
cancelled all my bank cards
wearing white to my friend’s wedding.
having a crush to my long time male best friend
letting myself get scammed out of $450
Lost my car, home and possibly my relationship with my mother.
recording my first covid zoom date
I sent a package to the WRONG PERSON
learning about gay sex
sending a dick pic to my friend by accident.
leaving my shoes on
turning my back patio into a fly breedery
The stupidest thing to forget at home on the way to another city ?
parking badly for a long time.
getting my date's name wrong
Going In The Wrong Car 🚗😭!! HELP !!
telling a joke about something serious, then regretting it.
eating bacon fat
slamming a door in a pregnant ladies face
CLEAR YOUR SEARCH HISTORY
So I accidentally middle fingered my teacher.
not knowing where to post the text below this title &amp; and possibly re-writing my future.
taking a pill without water, choking and having to have a scope shoved down my lungs
eating a bag of extra hot cheetos and then a whole bag of Cheezits Snap'd.
cooking
taking a shower and triggering a flashback
Today i snitched my classmate when he broke rules, then i remembered that i promised them not to snitch and now they are violent
drunk texting all of my baggage on a guy after the first date
ruining my sleeping schedule
being utterly blindsided by my boyfriend's mysterious member
not dying before the new year...
Named a branch of government "Federal"
Breaking My FWB/ONS rules
experimenting with anal...
sitting on Santa’s lap at 19
not taking into account that emojis may look different between systems...
Dropping A Toilet On My Foot
turning on my computer while listening to Skrillex
I got banned from /rpcmasterrace.
giving myself up to the police
thinking my fiancé and I were home alone
putting porn on for a patient to watch in the hallway.
cleaning the my brother's tank
sending the wrong message to the wrong chat
sneezing in an interview
A guy shorted me 5 or 6 dollars at work probably because I was being lazy.
streaming
I made a big oppsie in my work place.
not proofreading an assignment.
staying during a category 4 hurricane
I fucked up. And im scared i am pregnant with my boyfriend
getting stuck waiting for the low tide
mistaking ear dry drops for eye drops
giving my best friend a place to stay when he was essentially homeless.
offering a bag of dog poop as candy to some kids
burning my hair while hitting my bowl 🤦🏿
playing out a rape fantasy with my gf.
leaving a half eaten sandwich in the car...
almost going as blackface for Halloween
trying to make my quarantine as entertaining as possible
peeing on my baby
reading volume 11 of the manga,"To Your Eternity" instead of volume 2 and not noticing until the end
watching Food Wars anime while sitting with my family.
peeing on my bestfriend's car.
telling my crush I liked him
burning Microwave Popcorn's
I sent my phone with set alarm for repair
Lost my Phone in the Dumbest Place
having my mom drink my sperm
trying to save toilet paper durring the apocalypse
climbing an unstable tree on a backpacking trip.
Caused a Dog Fight that Brought My Family into Debt
I sent a toxic message to an Xbox ambassador.
giving myself cancer with a lego
telling my girlfriend of three years I cheated on her in March and almost going crazy from home made edibles
masturbating into a sock and getting frost bite (not really)
almost shocking myself with 120v of electricity
not realizing that Bumble notifies your matches when you deactivate the snooze button
opening a window
shutting my pants ( literally) when a pen fell on me when I searched Illuminiati on Bing.
getting caught
going to bed early and getting blood smeared all over my house.
deciding to wipe with sweaty gym butt
HARD by losing engagement party pictures
telling my parents about my high school misdeeds
locking myself out of the office
cancelling all my bank cards
mentioning I have a pen that looks like a rifle during online class
telling my interviewer that I might not take the job that I really want.
getting sad over a hair tie I didnt recognize in my bfs bathroom just to realize it was mine
losing my job
By approaching a famous actor in NYC
watching the news and having a terrible flashback.
not holding the backrest of car seat while adjusting it
not remembering which folk I fed the cat with.
putting my cigarette out on my crush
losing track of freshly picked chestnuts for a couple of weeks
Petition to change the name of the subreddit to Ifu
bring my delicious spears for lunch..
blowing up a bathroom TMI
kind of blowing out my oven
peeing on my new kitten
leaving an empty box of condoms on the kitchen counter.
saying I didn't want to fuck her
getting a delivery super fast while company was over.
viewing hardcore transsexual porn at work -- twice.
getting waterboarded while giving my girlfriend head at a waterpark
getting caught sleeping on my bathroom floor
Taking A Shit During A WebEx Work Call
taking my bike to work and almost getting run over by a car
using a different handwriting style then normal
giving the impression i was masterbating.
not knowing that I had a transaction limit every month and was being charged $10-30 every month
getting a haircut from sub par hair salon.
accidentally saying the N word
Delivery boy
forgetting I had the car
making a stranger get lost in a complete foreign country.
My Bus Driver F'ed up
looking for my socks in my bfs dresser
smoking a joint and getting locked INSIDE my house
procrastinating on something so much that my roommates are mad.
signing up for a job to engineer a spacecraft
For Greeting A Charming And Kind Guy Over My Fence..
almost entering someone else's apartment
I never used my voice
Made a lot of extra work for myself
thinking by thinking Kanye West was joking about running for president in 2016
almost killing my suicidal girlfriend's dog
looking at my brother’s phone
accidentally showing my ass to dozens of people
using the bathroom trash can
submitting my resignation online, without having an in-person conversation with my manager first
masturbating to the thought of my ex NSFW
not knowing what a Jelly Donut was
getting a puppy
Trying Not to Clog My Friends Toilet
being nice to my ex and cleaning another guys semen off her face.
Ejaculating Upon My Girlfriend’s Face and Dog’s Head
eating before the anesthetics wore off
not knowing how to use Twitter
jacking off twice in one night
not vacuuming under my bed for 2 months
letting my 9yo bro learn about sex
By egging my neighbors door while he was home.
looking like an idiot at the Barbershop
feeding meat to my vegan wife
offering the entire internet nudes
Wish my life was so fucked up...
trying to change my guitar strings
telling my Dad to pray for me.
playing with my Echo DOT in front of my mother
telling my friends mom to buy pet products from an adult store
Trying to Shake a Quadriplegic’s Hans at His Dad’s Funeral
calling the regional manager of my workplace a ho
getting banned from AITA (for the second time).
Petition to rename this sub to ODIFU (One Day I Fucked Up)
showing my girlfriend what I do for work, which results in us finding out her parents are in foreclosure on their house and in tens of thousands of dollars in debt, and now her whole family hates me.
Accepting a graduate job offer
dancing so hard that I gave myself bruises.
traumatizing my 4yr old
sending pictures of the ring my gf got me to my ex
TIFI by accidentally ghosting a girl and telling her my brother was in a car accident
making girl cry on my first ever date
realizing I’ve been taking bc that can make you absolutely unable to utilize your hormones for any reason good or bad, long term
getting scammed on Craigslist twice.
not knowing the mic was on and saying I want to fuck on videoconference mass at the seminary where my husband works
mentioning I play guitar in class
forgetting a jug of milk in my trunk in July
pulling my hand gun on an Uber driver.
Tofu by sending some random stranger a picture of myself
not putting away my laundry
TIFI by *ALMOST* getting my roommates penis pump stuck on me
clicking on a porn thumbnail with a performer that looked uncannily like my ex
thinking a stranger wanted a picture with me
buying into the Amazon Alexa eco system, and by having a dad
doing my first shift at my first job whilst high on acid for the first time, aged 17, AKA the worst day of my life
losing my boss and best friend
encouraging incest
almost catching myself on fire.
telling my CEO's nephew to F off and go to the S*** club
vaping!
not going to the hospital when is should have.
scratching the sides of my nose.
when i tried to close the oven door with my bum.
shoveling my elderly neighbors’ driveway
not properly locking bathroom door
offering a sketchy-looking mint to my date
waiting too long to ask people to sit next to me on the bus to the senior trip.
almost kissing one of the most dispised presidents in history at a sports event
letting my dog eat charcoal
not realizing how firm and hard my wood was
not locking the bathroom door at work
masturbating to anime porn
trying to cure mosquito bites.
hitting my fiancé's father in the balls.
using the back pocket of my jeans
getting stuck in a cheap China dress
Today I fucked up by getting something stuck.
making my penis bleed UNCONTROLLABLY FOR HOURS
asking our Vietnam hotel front desk where I could find some “birds”...or so I thought.
:Sticking a toothbrush in my ear
letting this guy I just met borrow my favorite discontinued record
eating a chocolate chip cookie.
having a knob—and not having a knob
getting vape flavor on my lip.
accidentally calling the woman I like babe in front of her husband
making a genitalia showing deal
texting one of my employees by accident
with an immature prank on FaceTime
thinking I got a girlfriend
Leaving my SSN in my wallet
Accidentally hanging myself LOLZ
saying a racial slur
Dropping My Glasses (Kind of Long)
having one to many pieces of pie for thanksgiving
provoking a hobo over him hogging up the line at a gas station to feed his wild pet raccoon a slushy.
worst day of my life, also caused my mom a severe anxiety attack
This is a funny story about a marsh mellow and bad burns.
holding two fuses together and lighting them
not reading the rules
watching a video on reddit during a work call
giving my friend the wrong date
drinking way too much wine
asking the owner of the company I work for if he had an STD
breaking in to a lady's home.
taking a shortcut across an old nudist beach
hitting myself in the face with a letter opener.
for telling my mom I was ashamed of her.
going to the doctor for hip pain
mentally scarring my daughter for life
asking for sex with a stranger
Accidently searching porn NSFW
doing my part to solve political divisiveness
eating at an AYCE
dehydrating myself.
head injury
with my toilet sending my luggage down an escalator at the speed of sound
touching my balls after touching jalapeño seeds
getting some piss on my pants and almost knocking myself out in the process. walking around Walmart with "cum" on my mask...
Caught watching porn!
cuz I put a BB bullet in my ear when i was 10
Smoking a joint outside my house.
I had to fake a terrible Irish accent for 2 semesters
going on a totally random Tinder date with a guy who later gave me the creeps and turns out tried to run over my friend with his car at a women’s health clinic
not minding my own business and losing the trust of my sister in-law
breaking my friends leg as part of a game called ALPHA
I'm a young boy and I want to auction off my virginity.
trying to watch Jeopardy
checking my husband’s search history
when I found out my sister is a Trump supporter.
Slicing my inner cheek by nearly becoming the joker
why is everything in this sub sexual?
having Reddit out for the IT department
giving my consent for my girlfriend to try out Seeking Arrangements
dying my beard purple and it leaving dye in my skin.
accidently start loud porn in grocerystore
playing GeoGuessr with my mom
putting off doing my online classes
spilling coffee on someone on a train
when I tried to show off and failed miserably
sleeping with a guy
using the bathroom at a grocery outlet store
mishearing something as ‘premium’
losing 2 of my best friends, failing the grade I'm in and having bad lungs during a deadly respiratory pandemic
sleeping through a Holocaust survivor’s story
trying to start my day off well - didn't work, at all.
elbow smashing my partner in the face...while I was sleeping
waiting too long to turn in an assignment.
wearing a pink thong under white soccer shorts.
Can we stop having TIFUs of you having sex with someone. I and a lot of people are sick of it and it isn't why we joined the sub.
taking the wrong day off
scratching my balls, falling asleep and then having to have my testicle surgically removed
Tried to flirt with my wife, made her sad then angry
when I shared an amazon account with my mother.
scratching an itch.
ordering with the wrong name
clogging a toilet
accidentally letting my entire VERY Christian family see nudes from my girlfriend
I recommended a show to my coworker about a man who is dealing with his wife’s death from cancer and then remembered that he got this job as a distraction from his wife’s death from cancer.
telling my heartbroken friend that I might be in love with him.
causing my best mates gf to brake up with him........
Asking My GF For Her Address
exaggerating when opening up to my friend, and hurting her.
I am a smoker now.
commenting something specific on a random post and letting my sister find my reddit username.
turning up for work
Today I fucked up by having sex with clothes on
belting out show tunes on my works WhatsApp group
Sprayed curry all over girls in food queue
nearly poisoning myself the worlds most toxic tree in multiple ways.
talking to my friends about weird porn fetishes while recording a voicemail that got sent to my mom
trying to get my mojo back with a working escort. SFW
I got way to drunk at my friends DnD session at their place last night and become belligerently drunk yelling at everyone for hours....
not realizing my mic was on while my mom was talking
walking and cleaning my ears
quickly logging out of Zoom meeting from language course just so I don't have to read a poem out loud.
telling a girl I was gay
having a major case of beer ass
making a small mistake which resulted in me not getting a job interview
Coming Out to my Teachers
accessing an old SD card
choosing to sit next to the attractive girl in an 80 minute period.
trying to do a "Professional Flight" in FS2020 and ended up crashing into a world famous airport
not asking the saff at TEDi*
forgetting to close the screen share
and found out I have been doing much, much worse than occasionally sending an email under the name "Titty Sprinkles"
by trying to make a doctor’s appointment
taking a edible and giving a housemate a ride
not questioning my coworkers age before hooking up with him. NSFW
telling the neighbor girl that she could go inside see our son
getting completely wrecked and hungover for the first time from drinking more than a cup of vodka (47%) the day before the grand opening of my new business • Puking from a window in an Uber • Puking on the grand opening red ribbon of my business
accidentally adopting a fourth cat
hitting my friend in the head with a full beer can, and broke his nose.
stabbing myself
attempting the straight arm challenge...
losing my diploma and transcripts
sleeping in a giant pile of cat litter
TIME FOR A CHANGE!
wringing Gregory Stevens' neck and arrested for bestiality
thinking the Meat Man was gonna give me the Hot Beef but only ended up with a broken tooth
accidentally saying to my teacher I banged you
asking out my crush with a meme
eating a bag of chips in the car
trying to test my father's misfortune
sending a joke about menstrual cups.
Playing a hot sauce game and masturbating after
Sharing porn in Zoom with administration team
snorting
Almost died because I was extremely tired.
opening my lab results.
getting waaay too high (i guess) and traumatizing myself
'accidentally' leaving the school
joining an all staff Zoom meeting with a Carole Baskin background and got called out by my COO
Broke A Window At Work Costing $500
when a snake pooped on me
Playing Music Out Loud at the Bank
cause I think I cause someone to end their life today
letting my mom find my dildo (NSFW)
cruising a dating app right after my GF and we had sex
setting up a bouncing toy for my baby
losing my iguana in a bet
not knowing how doors work
being too pissed to pee in the proper place.
Today I fucked up by eating cough candy
sneaking my boyfriend over Coming Back on Reddit.
implying my friends mom is fat
accidentally showing screenshots containing white granny porn to a female Thai bank employee
not going out with this guy when I had the chance
shoving a girl on ground to cut in line and poop on cloor
going on a run.
venting to another teacher from my school while teaching virtually the DMV
not getting spots on my side checked out
looking like a massive wanker trying to block the doorway for someone in an electric wheelchair
after changing for gym (this happened a while ago
sending a Christmas card
TIDY by sending security on my fiancee
getting Catfished by an Escort
peeing all over my girlfriends parents bathroom.
because asparagus
burning my hand to hell while making deep dish pizza
Military coup in myanmar
roommate drank my urine
getting the cotton part of a Q-tip stuck in my ear
wearing a shirt 3 sizes too small.
getting a sugar daddy
realizing that for the past 3 years I’ve been using laundry detergent as dishwashing detergent.
Crazy night on the Town I just finished a huge exam and I haven’t done anything really fun or crazy in a long time. I was studying all night for this stupid thing and I’m totally done now.
putting icy hot cream on my balls
using a poor choice of word play and making a girl think I was trying to sexually harass her
being idle in gta san andreas
doing a Whirling Dragon Punch
Letting two people trick someone into doing the skull breaker challenge
im high af and i goofed up
accidentally making a bomb.
Going to work after New Year
dancing so hard I gave myself severe bruising
looking into a random girls window and seeing her completely naked looking for her pants.
delivering food for Uber Eats
shaving my pubes for the first time.
boyfriend fingers me in his friends car after eating chili’s
How to take Nembutal Sodium?
boiling my ear with hydrogen peroxide.
FU a marriage
calling an HR person JEFF instead of their real name... Jen
drawing a dick and balls on my college zoom call
lacking the balls to ask this girl out
leaving a used sanitary towel in my friends bathroom
eating Taco Bell before school
If you are single and want to meet someone special for you. Don't miss this chance, let's discover them and find your romance with us now. And enjoy dating with thousands of members. Build your own story .
when my bathing suit top fell off in front of my crush
telling my frenemy I was gonna lick his ass
eating a ham sample
sending my dad a near-nude picture of my girlfriend

accidentally using my mom's card to purchase items on amazon
I got drunk instead of going to work
getting beer in my new $1800 MacBook Pro
launching my son and I off a slide
trying to buy 3080.
not properly checking for groundhogs
using lube-shampoo mixture as lube for months which gave me PID, almost made me infertile, spent a week inside the hospital, thought that my bf cheated on me
playing with rubber poppers and making my friends dad think we gave each other hickies.
By microwaving hard boiled eggs
Hit a home run with a pretty Brazilian girl... while the red army was camping in town
being a really good friend
meeting a guy that I matched on tinder.(NSFW)
dropping super glue on my younger brothers private’s.
Saying penis in front of a whole lecture
puking in my room
casually walking off while my teacher was scolding me.
saying "Holy shit! I just saw Ms. Ryan's nipple!" A little too loud.
jailing the wrong cat for pooping the floor
making my girlfriend jealous of my insect colony.
not taking my cell phone to the bathroom when work was mostly empty due to COVID
taking my cat to the vet
putting vapor-rub on my daughter’s boo-boo
Pulled over going over 35mph of the posted speed limit
mocking anti-vax people in front of anti-vax woman at my new company.
I got disrespected and deported
not disconnecting my spotify from a Google Home I gave away 2 years ago.
and described a lucid dream in front of my 5 year daughter and now she won't look in a mirror.
ignoring my family's messages and calls, now everyone's worried sick and I'm scared
Parallel Parking On A 2ft Curb
flatulating in the break room and causing a coworker to throw out part of her dinner.
published my first book with a DRAFT watermark on every page
Sofa Collapse, Car Collapse.
logging into a work meeting during a vasectomy
putting contact lenses cleanser into my eyes
Being racist in kindergarten
because I turned down a girl.
trying to play that guy who dumped my friend!
being the idiot in car moments ago
talking to my mom about the netflix series "You"
accepting a massage from my roommate
revealing I watch hardcore bdsm to my friends
forgetting my Bluetooth headphones downstairs, then watching porn.
giving my cousin weed gummies
scheduling a blowjob at 4:00
By posting a picture of my girlfriend's underwear to social media
No hot wings
asking my wife what happened when she was a girl.
failing 9th grade
my big cat sanctuary was opened up by BLM rioters
accidentally spilling a chocolate milk drink on a kid at my high school and running away
fucking up
saving up money for a very headset
living in the US &amp; not understanding balances
leaving a tab open with a broken glass dildo image while my gay professor came into the room and saw my screen.
laughing at a child's death calling the police on my (now ex) boyfriend while visiting the UK with my parents
being a nice person
buying a sex toy off of AliExpress
Making homemade chili
accidentally ordering Chuck E. Cheese’s for dinner
I missed a golden opportunity
bu smoking in my room
I gave myself 2 seconds degree burns.
calling my dad gay
I let my guard down for a few moments when dealing with a dangerous suspect
missing the most important email maybe ever
not knowing basic 5th grade health class knowledge and now everyone thinks I'm a pleb.
having my teeth whitened
Mom died. I thought we should watch a movie.
trying to be clean and fresh.
showing my dick to everyone in my class
ignoring sunscreen expectation dates
fucking my couch
when i danced on the wrong person
punching a ghost
having a bra behind me during a zoom call
touching my dick after cutting jalapeños
pranking my son.
jokingly asking for nudes
pissing off my dog and ending up rolling on shit
losing my backpack with all my important belongings and hopping on a train to a foreign country.
inadvertently telling my religious dad I am sexually active before marriage
being a twitterpated middle schooler almost having sex with a gay guy (as a woman)
giving my co-worker a pile of shit for a Secret Santa gift.
jacking off to incest porn
ignoring my crush right in front of her
trying to save a kitten.
acting like a scumbag without being aware of it.
Almost burned my house down
Snake visited my house
opening porn at school
washing my phone
bending my CPU pins
sending a meme with inapropriate stuff in my school's Whatsapp Group
accidentally hitting a man with a golf ball
driving a guy suicidal
watching the countdown fireworks.
throwing out an old sex toy at night
setting up my mums phone
buying cupcakes and a buttplug for my crush.
Getting through online dating
Not Killing the Spider I Saw
messaging a girl I don't know on Facebook.
I accidentally broadcast my gf's orgasm while in an online uni lecture
accidentally turning my girlfriend veggie.
pretending I have a different name
accidentally moaning in pain from my cat launching off of me...
searching how to murder my mother
posting a heartfelt story about how I pissed off my dead grandmother and mods deleted it at 14.5k
prematurely posting about my missing cat
asking a man with one arm if he needs a hand
going to a job interview
talking about Trump while he was touching himself
prematurely throwing away my glove
biking in the rain
oops
Applying to College as a Fictional Race UPDATE
leaving a pot of stock on the stove and hotboxing my entire floor.
talking to my friend
getting too spicy in the kitchen...and in the bathroom.
telling my bass teacher that I want to learn the Seinfield theme
Always have a plunger in your house
cleaning my mouse with a used tissue talking about boys in Subway.
letting my wife stimulate my prostate.
dropping my phone into a full oil drip pan
being loud in the library
being a poor canadian in America
finding and taking flowers that were floating in the sea
Today I fucked up by teaching my son to curse.
going through my boyfriend's old messages with girls he talked to before we met. I don't know why. I saw things I did not want to see and now wish I was dead 🤙👌
telling my (M18)long distance GF(F17)about my ex then lying to her.
thinking it was normal to have a permanent layer of crust on your rear end.
throwing up in a hot tub.
trying to make the perfect proposal
informing my(27,F) boss(64,M) that I squirt.
grabbing my patient's mom's boob
accidentally binge eating
and fulfilled my fear prophesy
wearing loose underwear
thinking I was muted during a Zoom class.
trying to he sexy for my husband before his brother showed up for a visit
sharing a pic
smoking weed with a first timer.
using my dead uncle in an argument
and now my bumhole is on fire
screaming I LEIK SERIAL in a mall.
discovering a subreddit that probably scarred me for life
when I made a girl throw up her dinner all over a strangers house and this other girl cleaned it up with her bare hands since I wouldn’t clean it up
on valentines day having sex
getting drunk and making abusive comments on my friends and father.
telling my mom I smoke weed
dating a sleep talker
Karma Strike at Reunion Tower
sleeping on my arm all night
insulting my brother's penis
making people think I was on 16 and Pregnant
riding my bike to work
opening my door for my drunk/high neighbor
digging into the dark web
TIFY by making an ill-timed yo mama joke
getting lit and throwing up in my mask
answering a video call while taking a shit
not Muting my Phone Microphone
mistaking the word insult with incel
By talking to a girl
stuffing shit covered toilet paper into my mouth (nsfw)
for burning my sisters head
almost killing myself and 5 people in a sauna
avoiding going to the doctor, taking aspirin, and almost bleeding out TW: Lots of talk of blood
making a huge freaking mess in my basement
not changing my pc fan settings for 5 years
Today I Fucked Up by not checking all wire connections on my last set of switches.
eating HOT wings and wearing a mask
I know nobody cares but... HAPPY CAKE DAY TO MEEEEEE :)
trying a Hot Ones sauce
accidentally making a sex tape with my husband
I fucked up baddd
only now realizing that I've been ruining my hair by doing something after every time i showered.
forgetting the outlet adapter home when traveling overseas
promoting wrong company's event in another company's IG with FB linked
burning my chicken wings.
sniffing my aunts shoes right in front of her and my mom
emailing a nsfw selfie instead of homework
stealing my classmates pen
being naked in front of half of the school staff.
paying for my own work for a client as a graphic designer.
laughing at a dead body whail watching a documentary about the coronavirus
accidentally locking myself out of my google account
What happens if you have no clue about digital fingerprints...
not looking before I sat down
not saving a 500 word assignment
Marriage advice
drinking a bottle of wine.
opening Recent tabs in my Father's phone
swearing loudly while my mic was on...on a work call
calling a kid "fatty" for 6 months
TIFI by having sexy sex with my sexy girlfriend and also there was sex
accidentally impregnating people when i was a kid.
Bug
Ordering Taco Bell’s Diablo Sauce
doing the Carolina Reaper 1 Chip Challenge
playing a voice message out loud
LEAKED MR BEAST PHONE NUMBER
stroking and then, uh, stroking (NSFW)
snitching on my colleagues/friends
getting hit by a car during a snowstorm
TP
dry beating for the past 7 years
getting the exchange rate wrong and spending $800 on a bottle of wine
cheating on my girlfriend after she robbed me
parasailing with my boyfriend who is scared of heights
playing Kesha's smash hit "Die Young" at a children's cancer charity event
not checking if I actually submitted my quiz.
not putting up an anti-bug net
Ruining The Cumshot
calling a plumber - mild NSFW
not closing tabs
accidentally texting my husband
accidentally discharging a firearm in my house
and now I might lose my job
Potentially Giving My Pregnant Wife the Flu
trying to have a good birthday despite it being cursed
TIFI by kissing my college interviewer
I need your support. Nobody sees my animations.
pulling a loose thread on my leggings
playing an innocent prank on a classmate, resulting in $1000 worth of damage.
filing a police report about my own stupidity
getting my lips tattooed
having drunken sex in public with my tinder dates roommate.
essentially making a pipe bomb as a prop for my high school musical.
underestimating the content of my exam and effectively losing 20% of my grade
not knowing how to close down my own workplace.
trying to get up on a high curb with my bike, but not realising that I wasn't driving straight into it and was going to slam into it sideways.
eating the rest of the ice cream then buying a replacement ice cream and eating it back down to the same level
and destroyed my organizations program
looking at things from an angle
I think I with my boyfriend
hitting on a guys wife at the gym
telling my electrophysiologist my 3 month old daughter is nice
almost shredding my arm with a lawnmower
smearing human feces on my face mask at the airport
going on Reddit. SMH.
spilling dish soap
jizzing on my gf’s rosary beads
checking a child for COVID-19
accidently cursing at my very Christian wife through voice to text
stalking my first crush
brought weed into courthouse while trying to pay paraphernalia charge
microwaving a pop-tart
This guy Daniel was moisturizing his ANAL in Zoom class
Squirted all over the tent
ruining sex with cheap, blueberry lube and disintegrating my prized rug :(
having casual elevator talk
went running and got hit by a car
9 months and I fucked it up!
introducing myself and nervously confusing mine and wife’s genders. Then proceeding to make it much worse at a neighbors “celebration of life” event.
My mom told me Miralax would make my acne go away but she didn’t specify that I wasn’t supposed to drink it...
Promotion is hard :(
going on a date with a crazy girl.
giving my discord account to my sister
having no tolerance to coffee and my parents finding me while passed out naked while choking the chicken.
bricking the only console I have
saying 'Oh choke me daddy'
knowing George Floyd
giving my brother pudding
Notre dame horrors
daring my boyfriend to pee on the wall
and Pulled out my butt hairs
sticking my dick in crazy
making a man shit his pants
taking a screenshot of a girl in her bra on snap
blowing my nose into toilet paper after wiping my ass
Today I fucked up by getting distracted by a woman
Swore at my friend's stylist
reconnecting with the client (I'm a psychologist) I've had feelings for since I met her.
not eating breakfast before an important exam
getting caught red handed for using my brothers razor to shave my pubes
dropping my AC out the window
typing the wrong website.
venting over 30yrs of frustration on social media.
having phone sex for the first and last time.
using a Jukebox
TDIFU yAy
trying to make a baby laugh and accidentally launching like a hockey puck
building a bird feeder with my son
losing my engagement ring
causing Anthrax scare at new job.
asking a coworker if his kid was excited for Christmas
Cocaine and a Microphone
Minor fuckup
possibly making someone drive in a blizzard to an interview that was cancelled
playing an over highly abusive song on my debate zoom clas
being too comfortable at our shared flat
getting the longest line for drivethru covid testing while suffering from stomach issues
forgetting to snooze notifications during a virtual work meeting
fucking My my best friend
buying something online...
I pissed on family
having a gender reveal party
asking a couple friends if they wanted to have a threesome then being accidentally circumcised for it
TIFUpdate My ass still burns
Letting My Cat Get My Cock Ring
breaking my little sisters toy.
Tweeter tendense
Horror Story in one Text
thinking a co-worker was older than she is
eating raw onion
in hoping for a nooner and ended up in the biggest existential crisis of my life!
using body soap
playing too many video games
losing my wallet in a train 200 km away from home and being stranded at midnight with nothing
I send a picture of the birthday cake I made to my husband. I had put pink candles on it that said Princess. The actual candle of a princess looked like a dick and balls on the blank side so my sister re arranged the letters to say penis.
surprising my husband with lingerie I secretly purchased
eating a 12" meat pizza
sending this woman money through PayPal for a twerking video
because of my dumb curiousity.
skipping work
not hiding the sex toys
not checking the Drop-Off instructions
Cxxxxxxxx
playing osu and accidentally flirting with my ex
almost drowning in a waterfall, and by dragging an elderly with me.
telling my best friend I was just using his birthday to stay up.
smelling something I shouldn't
Accidentally Eating Marijuana Edibles
leaving my door unlocked on my 18th birthday
not realizing how many calories there are in a heavy cream latte
Acessing some bogus porn website AD, installing malicious software and riddling the computer adware/malware/spyware/cryptojacking
getting hit in the face during a date
screen sharing a lesbian gif to my supervisor
I might be in love with my bestfriend but he has a girlfriend
Putting My Dildo In The Dishwasher
having a healthy interest in my G-spot
doxxing people on Omegle
I cost my bf a job
locking myself out of my flat in my pajamas
getting drunk and forgetting water is necessary to life.
I fell of one single stair and broke my ankle and foot in multiple places
pulling out too fast and f@rting
my entire future up with one post.
telling my Grandma to stop crying
making my neighbor think im a depraved sexual psychopath.
LOVING GARLIC BREAD
(possibly) contracting covid-19 before a really important event
making fun of Italians
Today I found out how much money Rick Astley makes from rickrolls.
telling a nice told man his days were numbered
believing my ex-husband for the last 10 years
Opening A Thermos
making a forbidden drink
when I misinterpreted my wife inviting her best friend to our bedroom after a night of heavy drinking.
accidentally knocking up my cousin.
I’m very sad and depressed about this
giving my (professional) opinion
letting a girl from tinder make me a smoothie
sleeping with my pants in my bed in with mice in the room
taking a shit infront 50 people in a Syrian desert near Raqqa
mooning my girlfriend.
for using my phone to work and forgetting to close the porn site I watched back home
saying the first thing that came to my mind.
not knowing how eggs are packaged
letting my maid know I was watching inappropriated videos
asking a stranger to help me out
coming home for Thanksgiving
doing sexy sex while sexing the sexiest sex
having phone sex so loud my grandma came and yelled at me
My Sister In Law Saw My Dick Pic
I almost took my neighbor's girlfriends head off.
letting my sick teammate join class and help us with the project
telling my girlfriend that her skirt falling off would be a good thing.
I didn't know what the word "late" meant before a name
leaving my wallet in plain sight in my purse.
accidentally calling my black friend who i didnt know was black the n-word
making breakfast without glasses on
sex and caught parents
not looking at someone face to face...
Karma's Store
drinking my makeup remover
letting a customer borrow my personal phone
pretending to be innocent on Tinder
chipping my tooth in the most unlikely way possible
making a fake story.
BECAUSE I ACCIDENTLY SHOPLIFTED A VIBRATOR TO PROVE SOMETHING TO MY MOM
switching up the gum I chew and turning my ass into a flowing chocolate river.DON'T BE LATE, INVESTING IS GREAT Are you truly interested in earning $3,000 everyday all by working from the comfort of your home with your PC or cell phone device and start earning from today..?
deleting 9 months of sentimental video game screenshots
اشتراك بي ان سبورت
eating out my girlfriend
swimming into the deeper end of a “beach”
Today? I fuck my life up every day
This is how I fucked up by sitting on a toilet...
saying "Ok Boomer!" to the elderly general manager.
not knowing that CBD comes in nugget form and getting banned from a gas station.
HAVING MY GIRLFRIEND PLAY WITH MY FRIEND
entering the room while my dad was masturbating
shaving my Ass Hair
accidentally misgendering a trans man.
getting fired by over charging white People at my work
Breaking a promise to my daughter
sending a link to a coworker
saying the Holocaust was "effective"
actually the cat did) by letting the Goliath Birdeater loose in our house.
using a fake phone number
playing porn over the loudspeakers in my climbing gym
letting the cat into the house.
being an online college student for the first time
making a smoothie before submitting a semen sample
jamming my fwb’s car door to have sex in a dark parking lot (NSFW)
Arm Wrestling my Girlfriend in Bed
trying to be smooth in front of a bunch of supercar owners.
working on my period
Destroyed my wife’s credit over $20
texting a Karen
using nair on my face and gave myself chemical burn.
making my FWB a video of me masturbating in the laundry room and didn't notice the window or the bench outside it
Burnt myself with copper oxide in a skl experiment
:  eating an entire container of Japanese-style panko bread crumbs in one night.
revealed my stalker account to whole class
trying out a different painkiller
breaking my daughters heart via Animal Crossing characters
dropping a bear pile dump in my 80yo neighbors front yard
showing my superior officer a picture of my dick NSFW
when I called my father a vulgar name at the dinner table
gripping my pen on Zoom class and it's looked like i was doing one hJ
smelling for a gas leak
bragging to my class on a discussion board
popping what I assumed was a mint into my mouth.
being connected to Bluetooth headphones and not realizing it setting off the smoke alarm in my apartment building at midnight
saying the phrase “screwed the pooch” and not fully understanding what it meant in front of my manager and coworkers
informing my service program of my medical condition
accidentally stroking a classmates leg in choir
telling my friend to soak his feet in ammonia.
leaving my used dildo in a Towel and my mom found it.
Unintentionally Rejecting the Most Epic of Confessions
lending my phone to my brother without deleting the browser history first.
going to a competition.
becoming a child prodigy
texting my Supervisor
I killed my finger with a thank you card
naming my hotspot “big daddy”
going to a birthday party.
Losing Myself
being clumsy and flushing a full bottle of eye drops.
putting white out on my hand.
using my ex classmate for pass math test
calling my dog ‘Corona’.
The day my co-worker saw a nude of my girlfriend
breaking a hotel bathroom with my shit
confusing a customer for an employee and cutting him in line
when on my first date with a girl she fell down a well, doing permanent damage to both of her legs, as well as traumatizing her.
telling my favourite teacher she a has a good p*ssy
not knowing my GF as well as I thought
telling my(M31) girlfriend(F28) that i have infidelity problems.
increasing my withholding instead of deduction on W-4
not telling someone my name.
Today I fucked up by spending money on a game that doesn't save.
failing to log into my brother's Playstation Network Account
when I walked back into work from the bathroom holding a sock.
asking a girl at my school for her number, through email.
buying a keychain.
feeding the rabbits in the dark
touching a human bone my ex-roomie stole from a pagan burial ground
By telling a Stanley cup champion to go back to school.
sending a dirty message
My dog ate a shit ton of wrappers and keeps throwing up
ordering a Chick Fil A icecream cone
I was trying to give our dog the “hunter” cut, but I wound up giving her the Covid cut
forgetting windows are REALLY easy to see through
getting accused of stealing
sending a nude on Reddit to the girl I like
sucking my own dick
betraying my cat and now she's lost in the urban jungle
Why I don't use WhatsApp anymore
fucking
Removing My Phone Case
Riding my bike led to emotional death
The day I looked like a gorilla.
letting my neighbours know what kind of sex I'm into
introducing my girlfriend to my friends
getting divorced by my husband of 17 years.
continuing a conversation with a man who didn’t know what a chicken strip was
and the worst has happened! being hydrated
celebrating my birthday and self plagiarizing.
breaking a guys nose in Mexico, losing my wallet with all my money and ID and getting attacked by dogs
TFIU by taking a “special treat” half an hour before my house almost burned down
causing a show at the ER because of my sign language interprering skills
Said stfu to my teacher today
showing my dog where raspberries come from.
walking too close to someone
I really done fucked up
having a crush to my long time male best friend and realizing im gay
having period sex
playing hentai in the living room for my family
vomiting in public
Knocking Over a Display in a Foreign Country
falling asleep
not cleaning the shower
complaining about the police
promising to buy my boyfriend a drone
stripping in front a zoom class
Think I'm ruining my dad's reputation
putting my phone number in a bathroom stall at my school
putting on my dancing shoes
META] This sub is becoming a low level smut fanfiction smut site and it's not fun to read as it once was.
totalling my car,relapsing on meth,and going on a 12 hour masturbation session using soap as lubricant
Got filmed having sex in my car at my faith-based hospital today, and not with my wife.
Please wear headphones when you watch p*rn for the courtesy of others around you.
for running on wet grass
dropkicking a 3 year old
rooming with someone who deep throats their toothbrush
joking about someone’s names
trying to console my husband while he was having a nightmare.
changing a ceiling fan
packing a bowl for my boyfriend
I fucked up by calling the police
flashing a delivery man
visiting a clinic in a pharmacy with a cough
for saying "Light the Juice on fire"
kicking an officer accidentally
losing my cum...
losing my backpack with many of my important belongings and hopping on a train to a foreign country
not showering before class
by trying a clinical strength antiperspirant instead of using the antiperspirant I normally use.
not cleaning a flesh light for a year
Technical support desk
forgetting that windows are REALLY easy to see through
making my friend vomit in the urinal
forgetting about a life hack I tried a year ago
putting hand sanitizer on my penis. It burns - like fire
leaving a hate comment.
Destroying my 3DS's Charging Port
adding too much tomato paste to my butter chicken
looking up an old classmate’s MySpace on my work computer
Don't jump in the quick sand" Naturally, I jumped in the quick sand.
Saying Bad Things While My Mic Wasn't Muted On Zoom
making my sisters boyfriend think im a peado
getting high and accidentally shutting down a Taco Bell drive thru
accidentally publicly outing myself as a amateur p*rn creator
sitting on my couch (NSFW)
masturbating too vigorously
Picked up a loose bolt in the bathroom at work.
not practicing proper trigger discipline
about turning off a roomba butt naked in front of my dad
being stubborn and taking out the garbage.
Accidentally Cuddling a Stranger and Telling Them “I Love You”
revealing my cousin’s secret
giving myself Soap Dick for my whole entire life.
saying “bidet” wrong my whole life.
breaking my friend’s car backlight
selling my car I now need
accidentally using a racial slur
looking like a creep on Chatroulette
People laughed at my joke.
not being able to answer my profs question
innocently shoplifting at 3 a.m.
bringing my 5-year-old daughter to Home Depot
TIFUpdate -  putting a box fan in my kitchen
messing up a joke.
on so many levels this title would be the post
getting permanently banned from ELI5
taking a picture of someone
laughing before seeing the meme my crush showed me
Hey
smoking a cigarette on an airplane.
with my cell that posts dick pic
cleaning my CPU cooler
Almost had a decent day
breaking up with my gf for my ex.
videochatting with my(M25) wife(F27)
forgetting to lock the bathroom door and my 5 year old brother walked in
learning how to ride a bike
Ordering Chinese for Four
leaving our camera bag at the lobby of a five-star hotel
telling a little girl that she didn't need to be scared of COVID-19
accidentally getting my uncle to thank Hitler for the holocaust.
sneaking my nan the juice
Tyfu Rename the sub
Accidentally stole a doughnut from work and almost got fired
suggesting that I am going to bake my cat.
quitting smoking
saying my friend's granda's upcoming death was his fault (unseriously)
investing in retirement and not checking my credit
joking about being fired and actually got fired
watching Saw with my gf
trusting Apple support with fixing my MacBook Pro
accidentally snorting cookie dough while tipsy and upset
being a Debby downer and potentially killing multiple friendships all at once.
almost killing my dad having sex with my pregnant wife and rupturing my penis
whilst getting frisky with my fiancée
accidentally committing credit card fraud because of my porn addiction.
almost burning my kitchen down.
leaving shit on the police mailbox.
discovering Lords of Acid and embarrassing my mom NSFW
Asking a Waitress for her Panties / G-String
I'm stupid for forgetting my fb password
I got hit by a car today
not just rolling a joint
turning the tv on at night, with the volume blasted
Defecating Live during an exam
Realized today at 31 years old that your Healthcare Provider is your Doctor and not your Insurance company..
looking at posts from this sub
spilling someone's diet Pepsi...
thinking I had a high tolerance for weed after one month of smoking daily and couldn't get high anymore, I bought a fresh batch from a new dealer and had a large joint and bong hit immediately to see if I was right. And I am so high right now I barely have any awareness TL:DR smoked too much
Burnt myself while taking a dab of marijuana
assuming I was being catcalled
trying to kill a spider
G
not telling my daughter where her Dad was
making my family think I'm a rapist
not listening to my fiancé and going to town on some “special” brownies
shaving my crotch
wanting to eat soup at the laptop
hanging out with a friend after months of staying in, driving home getting into a major car accident and being the worst hurt
getting white sauce on my pasta.
wearing jean shorts to a waterpark
making conversation in the bathroom
holding the wrong little girl's hand
~~swallowing toothpaste~~ brushing my teeth
taking my date to an Asian-infusion restaurant
revealing to my grandma that our family makes fun of her on Marco Polo
letting a friend down.
finally making friends and getting so ridiculously trashed I can never look them in the eye again.
trying to make fun of my mom for wetting the bed.
when I POOPED on the toilet seat ... and then sat on it letting a stork drink my coffee
Over sharing
not hiding my sex toys from my wife well enough
didt check my google slides before the day I presented
eating a really really strong edible
calling out the mods
breaking a friend's jaw.
unliking-then-liking a popular girl’s post
telling my little brother we aren't friends anymore.
poisoning my dog...
masturbating with a spring ball
trying to show my mum a cool video on here and accidentally showed her a post title that mentioned masturbation
not killing a fly last night and having it end up under my butt cheek this morning
Make money $20000 per day
Warning, this may be too deep and complex for this subreddit. Move on if you're not prepared.
letting my cousins use my phone for Tik Tok
being a Home Wrecker
my hubby and the shitlicker story
trying to make fun of my mom for pissing the bed
Noooooo. Not the chocolate cake!
asking my mom if swallowing hard boiled egg shell is fine during breakfast!
having my KFC stolen
reminding my teacher of yesterday’s homework.
mispronouncing my cousins name during the eulogy at my grandmas funeral
leaving my vibrator out while our maintinence guy came by to check our boiler NSFW
not realizing my friend was having an athsma attack
Not muting myself on zoom after attendance
using my IPad on my bed and making someone think I was jerking off
'winning' a bowling match
almost teaching a student about flexible genitalia
waking my dad by a creepy way
Apparently Colonialism Is Genetic
not wanting to have sex with my gf.
Masturbating (original title I know)
being polite to dog lovers
Let me just walk through this meeting real quick. M28
Parents found out I watch porn and it all went downhill from there...
interviewing for a job I’ve been doing for a year..
accidentally going on a date with a nazi
giving my co-workers violent diarrhea and shifting the blame onto a nice Hispanic lady
LPT  accepting a request to have a sleepover
buying Flower the Skunk off of Ebay.
leaving a sandwich in my bag for 7 months
sending my current gf cute photos of me and my ex at red rocks
calling 911 thinking I was going to die.
going back to sleep after initially waking up
not being prepared enough for the sun
adopting a pitbull
getting my girlfriend’s cousin’s friend put up for adoption
using my phone infront of my boss on my third day of work
MAN
making my principle think I'm suicidal
ignoring my uncomfortable shoe, then stabbing myself with a piece of rusty metal
being horny at my mom's house
Lost 20k sale
popping an abscess on my breast
not peeing after losing my virginity
Asking a Border Agent for A Pen
unsuccessfully surprising my husband with lingerie.
not telling my girlfriend that I went to dinner with a female friend
sending heart emojis to my ex girlfriend in WhatsApp
whitening my teeth
accidentally stealing my friends phone.
chemically burning my b*ttcrack and now my cheeks are attached and i cannot p00p
masturbating in school
sending the wrong text...
videocalling someone and showing my face to them and jacking off and she is threatneing to send it to everyone I know pls help dear god
not thinking I fucked up thus creating a paradox
googling gardening tips
getting excited at my gf in the shower
flying a drone
and ended my girlfriend's friends engagement with her fiance by showing her fiance pictures of her clubbing that she previously untagged herself from off Facebook.
forgetting to put my dog in his kennel
calling off of work even though I wasn't sick so now I need to get covid tested
giving my boyfriend a blowjob after making dinner
installing the new OS on my Macbook.
smacking my own balls during sex
sending an untasteful (for the time) meme.
me (15M) leaving a pack of condoms out, in which my Mormon mother promptly found.
letting a kid talk to her mom
going to the arresting officers house not even an hour after getting out of jail...
taking an Adderall instead of an allergy pill....
asking my crush about her first time
getting locked in my bathroom
trying to rearrange furniture and actually rearranging my toenail
trying to put bubble gum up my ass in the bathtub
not asking out the girl I liked
asking my german instructions teacher to show me her pu**y
thrusting mom.
ruining a poor little dogs day.
trusting a tequila fart in the tub
accidentally having a knife in my luggage at the airport
telling my teacher to stop laughing
accidentally calling a special needs kid a fool.
i burned my right eyelashes &amp; tried to cut off the burnt part
leaving something too personal in the hotels bathroom
putting my family before my job?
trying to compliment my patient.
finally realizing I need XL condoms!
fumbling the dates...
jerking the dong in class
cracking open a rotten egg.
accidentally unmuting my mic on zoom while the plumber was unclogging my toilet.
anyone join in this community r/DigitalSell it’s best deals
flirting with my friend who stood me up in the past is my ex’s ex best friend
not being satisfied with 6”
with explosive diarrhea in a romper driving in my car on the freeway
searching up a website and making one of the blood curdling screams of my life.
asking my hairstylist what race her kid is
asking my grandpa if he was feeling better.
inadvertently making my friend step in dog shit.
whoopie cushioning myself in front of cool new people
I fucked up my quarantined birthday by forgetting I had my microphone on while playing Xbox.
eating an entire container of Japanese-style panko bread crumbs in one night
Buy Google Places Reviews - Get Google Maps Reviews
pouring champagne directly into my mouth
photoshopping an album cover to censor out some indecent bits
accidentally becoming a Nazi
drawing while on a Zoom call
getting really high and unleashing the gates of hell.
bruh why did i do this?
choosing an obscene ringtone
Realizing I have been flashing my neighbors.
letting my gf talk me out of wearing protection (NSFW)
Insulting My Dates House and His Roommates Cleanliness
blowing into a carton of milk
almost getting electrocuted by an old refrigerator
gifting my mom a perfume
TIFI by sending a video of a seal raping a penguin to my crush
insinuating that my girlfriend’s a hoe.
saying "F*ck" on GTA V While Playing W/ Friends
begging a bar tender for nothing
except this was actually over the course of 2019-20) by repeating losing and breaking all my technology while studying abroad
Hsve You ever played cards game like CAH editition "Rick n Morty"
clicking on accidentally not cancelling my porn search at work
not buying gme
Not Studying For My Final And Getting Fucked Over By My Professor
accusing a guy who ghosted me of being a jackass, when it turns out his dad died
getting unnecessarily angry over discord
reading another Redditor's and realizing I must take my secret to the grave
manscaping.
I got a toothpick stuck in-between my teeth
believing the Merril Lynch and TD Ameritrade had my best interest in mind
buying a pair of earphones for the nth time only to break it after 1 day... again
having a gay-radar
but trusting the GPS
walking past a burglary dressed as a robber at 4am
packing a frozen pizza in my suitcase.
Wait, WHAT?
and flushed my AirPod down the toilet. ‘Twas brand new. Also touched my own turd.
having access to my parents Amazon Prime account
losing the woman I love
not locking my door while jerking off
throwing away 5 years worth of memories...
letting my anxiety make it look like I had the corona virus
Let’s make this the most downvoted post in the history of reddit!
sicking Spock on my BF drinking ants
showing my butt to the world
email members of the school about an "ejaculation drill".
being suicidal in front of my new “girlfriend”
nearly setting fire to my friend’s house
crushing/splitting my thumb open and then immediately and completely soaking myself in water
Today I Stood Up a Great Date
convincing myself that December 10th is Thursday not yesterday...
not using my head and ended up ruining my entertainment for the next two-three years.
making everyone think I’m dating my cousin.
convincing YouTube I'm a pornstar
causing yet more damage to the house I live at
Confessing crush
I just had a smoke after 2 weeks of quitting shame me please!
getting nervous by a joke made by my friends girlfriend
accidentally responding to this guy I like’s text SEVEN MONTHS LATE saying I needed some of his sleeping pills.
going to a Halloween party of friends I didn't see for years
asking my bestfriend out
My trip to the black lodge/Why I'm never doing shrooms again.
stealing a thong from walmart
eating jelly babies
giving my friend the wrong address.
accidentally bleaching my asshole
20 year old priapism
letting my horniness get the best of me and messaging a stranger on Facebook. Never thought I'd be stupid enough to end up on here but yet here I am
watching the wrong show before taking a walk.
making ramen and very nearly castrating myself
losing my bikini bottom at the bottom of the lake and kayaking home while wearing my date’s shirt like a diaper
letting my boyfriends brother send himself an email from my phone.
TDIFU by going into a strangers car
grabbing the wrong tie
making boom boom in my vroom vroom
talking too loud
walking downstairs
drawing badly
joking about anaemia/anemia
Stink Bombed the car on other lane
buying drugs
when I lost my virginity and my gfs mum heard everything and ended up suffering her mum’s wrath/distrust for nearly 2 years.
ruining dinner in a food shortage
uploading and sharing a WIP version of my band's demo records.
walking in the girls bathroom on accident
unintentionally insulting my new manager's sister
I destroyed my ass
farting directly into an old asian lady’s face at Costco
having a very vivid dream
posting a selfie of myself on r/Teenagers
when I didn’t get the hint and now have to pay for it :/
teaching my down syndrome nephew to talk
pooping in my pants next to my girlfriend
losing an opportunity to get my dream job
trying to scare my brother.
Laugh at my ridiculous story
hi
make a joke about killing my gf's Minecraft dog.
watching nsfw content when my sister was home.
almost getting my girlfriend pregnant
letting my toddler ruin my grandfather's funeral by dropping several F-bombs. And then she insulted his elderly sister.
poisoning my roommate's cat
making a recent scary situation unbeknownst to me worse.
not checking my sleep recording app and farting explosively on my boyfriend in my sleep for months
not telling my boyfriend that I made a gofundme for my Ex
being too soft
not making sure my stepdad was on the right Amazon account
accidentally spoiling my mother’s birthday surprise.
slamming the wall with my hand
possibly contracting Coronavirus by kissing my coworker (who I have...history...with) on the teeth
Anti-semitic neighbors in Jupiter, FL
My nephew called the SWAT team on me
letting a fart go.
naming my Animal Crossing "Pen Island"
letting someone take advantage of me drunk on a hill
Pulled a hair from my asshole
at the after party of Thanksgiving dinner
the female version of dictator is in fact not dictatrix
telling my mom that my poop is stuck.
ugihujhkjkokl[
creating a national security break for meeting a tinder?
I sucked in a bug
misunderstanding shooting instructions
trying to get my long distance boyfriend ungrounded!
Being Hungry At Work
letting my only chance at a real relationship be ruined
accidentally flashing my boobs outside
giving my crush's number instead of mine
accidentally claiming a work schedule I’m not trained to do yet
When I Lit a Joint With Rubber Gloves On
thinking a movie was being creative.
using my dads clipper
sleeping before a zoom meeting
commenting on an FB post
with things not to say when a little person is walking towards you...
ruining Breath of the wild for myself.
telling a friend his mom will know some family recipies
telling my mom not to pray for me because it doesn’t work
getting overly confident, then blocked by my celebrity crush of 5 years and his girlfriend
i allmost blinded my self
being honest in class
Help with microwave
Giving A Kid A Sucker
Forgot my mask!
having my usual breakfast
letting life pass by me for the past ~25 yrs.
not declaring my party affiliation
laughing ‘at’ a stranger.
trying to pierce my own genitals (NSFW)
trying to befriend some crows, and accidentally made a bunch of squirrels horny
not checking my remote before I left
My balls are on fire
blasting porn through my Bluetooth speaker.
cumming and making a mess, all by accident.
almost shitting my pants on top of a wind turbine.
accidentally calling an old acquaintance stupid
making my dad think I'm trying to get down with my step-mom (Better get some snacks. This is a long one)
accepting my Aunt’s homemade remedy over going to the doctor without realising I had a cockroach in my ear.
screaming at my son’s penis
vomiting in a gas station
wearing a trench coat and all back at private university
browsing weed grinders on our family Amazon account
jerking it in an IKEA parking lot
showing my mom the high school DxD opening
Instapaper
having a song about racism stuck in my head
not looking both ways after a stop sign and ruining thanksgiving
speedrunning chicken nuggets.
being too high to explain I'm not racist.
accidentally sending the whole class whatsapp group a message I meant to delete
today i fricked up by makeing a edgy joke at school
accidentally offending a transgender woman
browsing Instagram in the office
Don't cut the red strap when assembling the treadmill!
telling my girlfriend that I was full of cheese
hotboxing my friend's minivanTIFUpdate By having my zipper down during a job interview
doing my benchmark in reverse, thinking it was a good strategy.
eating 25 takis at 1 am
procrastinating and overestimating my abilities and now cannot make my deadline.
attempting to do a clapping push up with a broken collarbone
always make sure you have the right input.
leaving my SO's sex toys out
Dropping my Laptop and getting it taken away for a Year.
mistaking a tick for a “hard piece of corn”
googling a programming language manual page
taking my dog to Home Depot
rubbing anal lube into my hands in front of a customer
trying to parallel park for the first time since passing my driving test
showing my kids the wholesome, 80's tv show, Doogie Howser
feeding a chip to a seagull
drunkenly hanging my underwear in a tree in my parents' yard
calling a friends baby a monster
accidentally mocking my new close friend's dead dad.
DO YOU WANT TO DO SOME THING IN YOUR LIFE
shooting in the wrong hole.
being one of two moms
having sex with a MILF
missing my military enlisting date
Sh*t was chasing me
riding a skateboard with a harmed leg.
saying "N-Word"
telling my crush that I'm planning my own funeral
using my manners
giving my revengeful friend the title of DM after murdering him repeatedly in DND as the DM
letting out wind before a discord call with my new(ish) boyfriend
putting my height as 3ft on Bumble
I think this might belong here as well...
sending my nudes to a girl, then she told the police
causing $3k of damage with $4 of ice
rubbing my clit during sex
sharting myself
having athletes foot for over 5 years
finding my mom’s n dad’s sex tapes then showing them to my friend
grabbing the wrong face mask at my friends house.
playing soccer with my dog in flip flops.
accidentally finding my sisters dildo.My Co-worker was infected by coronavirus.
causing a divorce at Game Night
wearing soccer gear covered in hot sauce...
M16) by accidentally kissing a 13 year old
watching a disturbing video my friend sent me
potentially ruining Christmas for my 2nd-grade students.
wearing two tampons
letting 2 random ladies buy my groceries
surpressing it all at once
trusting a tinder guy!!!
not checking up on my dogs
watching people play among us on YouTube
pooping behind a trash can.
dumping out my suitcase in front of my grandma. (NSFW) mispronouncing diced vegetables
Turning on porn as soon as the wife went to leave. Telling a Man who was Dying that I would "See him Later"
nearly setting my apartment on fire.
destroying my rectum and passing out
shattering my mom’s bedroom window
poisoning myself with flowers I got my mother for Mother's day
and unknowingly sang to my class in the middle of a lesson
catching my father watching porn
after years of living in poverty, I bought a mew expensive phone.
refusing to believe that something was wrong with me
Taking alot of sleep gummies last night.
Booby bears gummy
Just wondering
dropping my tomato sprouts because ai got stuck on hanging underwear
forgetting I was old &amp; unhealthy (NSFW)
making my girlfriend develop a new fear
Buy Negative Google Reviews - Buy 1 Star Bad Reviews
attempting to help my mom
telling the boy I tutor the plot of “The Crucible” and got in trouble.
moving my cat in a UHaul
looking like I stole from work when I didn’t
trying to break the ice with a bad joke
Today I fucked up by accidentally making a ‘racist’ remark to my professor.
washing my feet at my girlfriend’s house.
impulsively trying to pop a cyst
yelling at someone just doing their job.
Going to Work
I AM NIGGER SLAYER I AM NIGGER SLAYER I AM NIGGER SLAYER I AM NIGGER SLAYER I AM NIGGER SLAYER I AM NIGGER SLAYER
doxxing my sister
leaving my heat sensitive mugs on the counter
I shit outside
leaving my Brazilian leather sandals out in the sun
taking a nap and literally not knowing what day it was.
sorta) Got a gun pulled on me on halloween M(14)
nearly getting my roommates penis pump stuck on me.
scrolling through this sub!
Accidentally Playing BIGBANG's Bang Bang Bang in a Library
mY BANJO STRING BROKE (3 times how long to wait)
thinking I had a spiderbro.
scratching mother in law’s car
By deleting system 32
thinking my classmate's twin brother was him
and accidentally dropped a Snapchat mid convo
thinking my brain and my mouth were allies...
blasting Nazi Music throughout the house and making my parents think im a pro-nazi
sucking flatulence out of my girlfriend's ass and got a lung infection.
sending money to a stranger while horny
missing 50% of the exsam.
Something on sisters leg
telling a costumer to stay positive
napping while the Hanukkah candles were lit
initiating small talk
drinking too much and then taking a shit
almost killing myself with basically chlorophorm bathroom cleaner.
I accidentally put my 11-day-old headphones in the washing machine
TIFUby making a colleague think I was suicidal
sleeping with one of my clients' girlfriend
staring at girls.
letting Uncle Roger teach my 4 year old to swear.
talking out loud about ice cream
leaving a sex toy out in the open in my room and leaving a sex toy box in my room trash can as a 20M student living with his life parents
accidentally typing in the wrong weight in a water drink reminder
rimming
forgetting I had hardcore porn in my bag
when factory resetting my phone
taking a screenshot someone's snapchat story(Repost because forgot tl;dr)
leaving lesbian porn on my phone
putting a SnapChat story to my story when it was suposed to be sent to someone
using the same "cum sock" for over 2 weeks. playing with a stray cat
ruining my cousin’s surprise graduation celebration
Deleting My Family's Legacy
insulting a famous rapper who gave me a compliment
almost peeing my pants in a cemetary!
cause I think I forgot how to have a filter.
grabbing the wrong face mask with me at my friends house
Sending a Mean Message to an Old "Teacher" On Linkedin and it turned out to be the wrong person
answering a strangers questions about sauce in Walmart
Zero
walking without socks.
Today I fucked up pissing hydraulic fluid.
reading a post on this subreddit
trying to surprise my boyfriend with Tool tickets but was a complete tool myself...
driving my dads car without permission and causing a pretty significant scratch along the car.
beating up my little brother because he cheated on a test
accidentally putting my used condom in the laundry for my wife's whole family to find
not knowing how to shut up and trying to be humble
ignoring my constipation for months and not eating for 24 hours when I was in pain because of it
TSFU when they farted after they dropped their textbook.
opening a wine bottle
walking into my room.
not using incognito mode during class
snooping on my friend's Reddit
Three times) By bringing up the annoyance of morning wood in a Discord dm with a friend younger than me.
How to know if someone is spying on your phone.
putting Dawn© dish soap in the dishwasher
CAN SOMEONE HELP ME OUT?
thinking I looked incredible and that women couldn’t get enough of me .
by inviting my brother and his girlfriend to a vacation, alongside me and my girlfriend
being drunk at work
leaving a Motivational Rainbow Penis Poster on the back of our Guest Room door...over two years ago. Yes, we've had guests.
telling my parents I tested negative for COVID
Joining a School Zoom With An Inappropriate Name
not saving my work
trying to impress my family and regretting it immediately.
Clearing out my cupboard and stacking boxes near my bed.
trying to have sex with my girlfriend at my parents house
By showing up to the second interview, a day early.
quitting a job in July
Help. I’m losing my mind.
trying to save money
putting the wrong topping on my rice, which ends up costing me hundreds.
missing an oportunitty
writing political satire for my school's Writing/Reading contest.
pepper spraying an entire comic book shop full of children
making a joke about bananas and being accused of being racist
First lesbian experience, fucked it.
shouting that I wasn't home
I called my mom "middle aged"
ASIAN VS WESTERN FLIRTING/TOUCHING
accidentally splashing myself with human plasma
slaying a nigger
looking for a powerpoint
getting ransomware on my computer after browsing the dark web
Today I f'd up by calling the ambulance
finding a spray bottle of conditioner while dropping acid at home
losing a $200 package to USPS

making a bloody mess of my partner's and I first time together
making breakfast at 3 am
This is a real Life Case, your opinion matters!
eating undercooked rice....
leaving my kids AND baby monitor unattended. Uhhhh uh uhh uh uhhhhhh...
accidentially having people think we're a cult
trying to pickup my laptop to take it to bed
turning myself in for making copies of my university ID Card.
Taking a Dump
walking in on my parents doing it
rubbing my Mother-in-Laws thigh
trying to keep up with my college buddies and end up getting picked up by the cops and waking up in someones house.
talking about my ass, while my brother is in a Zoom call with is whole class.
deliting my 2yo minecraft world
sending "u gay" to my aunt
I deliberately broke my ears.
trying a new menstrual hygiene product and not having a back up.. at the guy I'm recently dating's apartment.. while on shrooms for the first time
I found out a dark secret and my hands are tied.today I stuck my nose where it shouldn't
Not Taking Inventory of my Belongings
punching my spider balls Scatmanning a girl I was dating
melting butter on a gas wall heater
stealing somebody else's quarters at an arcade
taking my kids and kids I was babysitting to the park
Job Interview Gone Wrong
trying to make a meme at work, now I hope I don’t go to prison.
SUPER GLUE ON TABLE
punching myself in the eye
peeing into my partner's mouth
over moisterizing
going to a chicks house
when my step-sister got stuck under the couch
With Bay Leaves
letting my younger sister chose a movie
eating a brownie.
Accidentally turned down a hot girl
attempting to trigger a twitch stream
when I got blocked by a girl I really liked over a big misunderstanding
moving into an apartment with a girl I like and her girlfriend
singing happy birthday to the wrong person
taking a large dump on the terrace floor of our rented bungalow.
going to a public restroom.
having loads of NSFW memes on my phone
shitting in an unventilated public space while having diarreah.
forgetting how conversation works after starting one with a cute girl
frying my motherboard
accidentally leaving a voicemail to my Mom containing me talking about weird porn fetishes
not knowing 'Netflix and chill' did not literally mean watching Netflix and chilling and whereby gave my hairdresser a horrible impression of what I got up to with my wife's parents.
accidently sharing the Safety Gaps in our team with the Lead Auditor
*NOT* smoking weed in my room
enjoining Easter candy just a little too much
being to bored and horny
telling my manager he is a bad manager.
reading the wrong notes for my mid semester exam.
watching granny "porn"
the rest of my sanity
losing $1200 USD in crypto currency scam.
calling a girl while fighting with my brother
hugging someone on the subway
"not bleeding enough"
farting whilst cumming with a super hot girl...
eating soup
walking home instead of taking a bus
eating a whole habanero
For killing me studying, I completely forgot to take the exam for which I studied
finding my dads sexypics with a mother of an old friend
trapping myself on my balcony all alone
accidentally flirting with a girl I only see as a friend
Today I fucked up by sending in a project
washing my normal hair with anti-balding shampoo for the past 10 months without knowing
TLDR I msgd a Hott Mess from my Past, when I am now living a Stable Good Life
eating a chip with salsa on it while drunk.
telling a group of German EMTs I was "horny".
Embarrassed by asking my dad about a donkey dick
ripping two holes in my dick skin
trying to joke with my coworkers
letting my dogs outside to use the bathroom
HAVING SEX WITH A RETARDED NIGGER FAGGOT
not locking the door to my apartment.
saying no to quality time with my Dad
giving myself a big infection in my penis just because I was stupidly lazy
not believing my parents when they said scissors were sharp
submitting the wrong resume
talking about selling kidneys in physics class
shooting my rifle with military nearby
ending up in my friend's bed naked
saying hi to someone i don't know
By drinking a bottle of wine.
posting to r/unpopularopinion
Como Steve Bannon e um bilionário chinês criaram uma sensação de direita na mídia com o coronavírus
getting my first car at 2:00 and crashing it at 4:00
falling in the school bus and ending up giving up a real display of my torn underwear!
going for a walk on the local walking path
watching an Harry Potter movie?
getting a boner on a 4-wheeler
All of my high school found out surgeons shaved half of my pubes....
doing ass to mouth.
waiting until I was “ready” to have kids
giving "permission" to my wife to fuck another guy.
wrongly measuring protein powder for past 3 months ending up drinking twice the recomend level
imitating my parents when they have sex
cutting peppers and giving myself a nosebleed
With a chili fueled BJ.
ruining a new friendship I made in an fps by spamming him with cringe ironic furry speech and weeb trash rhetoric, mistaking him for my friend.
taking off my matress protector (¡A bit TMI!)
playing field hockey without mouth protection
Using Duck Feathers To Get A Boner 🦆
Uploaded my passport in a sketchy website
vomiting on my newborn niece
assuming my mother in law was asking about my boobs.
removing the Swastika decorations from my cousin's house.
Asking my NANNA if I can go to the ‘sex’ shop!
asking my mom to help me look for my glasses.
having sex with a potential rapist
installing black accent tiles in the bathroomwhen I injured myself and then face planted
falling off of a boat when I was trying to propose to my girlfriend.
googling “why is my poop black” and then thinking I was bleeding in my stomach.
Shopping At Victoria's Secret With An Upset Stomach (Gross)
Help I’m trapped! (Kind of NSFW)
Not Checking The Content Warning Of My Book Before Reading It In School
mastrubating so hard I broke the toilet and nearly injured myself
throwing a snowball at a little nordic school girl.
completely being oblivious and missing all the hints my crush threw at me and accidentaly shutting her down
being hit on while having my pulse taken
tricking my teacher on a School Google Meet... twice.
not closing the bathroom door
my brother saw my PHONE history. So my brother saw my porn history
eating so much chocolate I got fired from my job.
accidentally embarrassing my daughter in a way only a (dumb) dad can.
up by looking up my ex
making a suicide joke in percussion class
looking through my old family computer
Best Trekking and Tour Agent in Nepal
not thinking before speaking at work
i am now robinhood how to find my fucking jungle
asking my cousin if she did drugs.
getting genital poison-ivy
not checking the thumbnail to the porn I wanted to watch (nsfw)
accidentally insulting my ex-friend
driving through a police roadblock...
being on too many meds and playing basketball in 90F weather and nearly fainting.
not following directions
watching this video
parking my car in a McDonald’s parking lot and getting my car towed
when he called his teacher 'mom'
Going On A Date With An Ill-Behaved Manchild
getting a 4k TV
told my grandparents I’m gay accidentally
accidentally sending a text to my manager telling her that she was “breaking my balls” and “being annoying as fuck”
not realising difference between close application and delete
forgetting about the baby monitor
drinking too much chocolate milk with weed in it
thinking I was good at the board game "Agricola"Some Kids’ Red Rover Game
i used reddit
when I unintentionally sexually harassed a coworker
not knowing what pelvic rest means...
Christmas Morning In SO Many Ways
walking into the kitchen.
letting my baby suck my shoulder
celebrating the wrong employee work anniversary
becoming an Amazon warehouse worker and unexpectedly becoming attached to the job.
giving sugaring a try. NSFW sexiey sex stepmom sex incest step sister secks inces t sexs (wholesome 100 reddit chungus keanu elon threesome 100 )
Telling an employee it would cost him his soul.
asking my ex for a bithday blowjob
getting my boyfriend to stick his penis into soda water
intimately shaving whilst drunk
letting my brother see my weird porn collection
Eating Undercooked Red Kidney Beans
Im a muslim to point that out.
sending nudes to my husbands uncle on accident...
By putting Aloe Vera on my butthole
breaking up with my GF because I got too angry.
using the handicap stall in a restroom and making a person in a wheelchair wait
Today.... I fucked up.... Big time.... (Involves new friends, new enemies, and one very.... Very.... Awkward situation....😼)
not telling my wife that I was on a video conference call.
being gross motorical in situations noone could ever fuck up
having a political conversation with my father over a few drinks
LPT:  swotting what I thought was an imaginary fly...
treating myself to some Ben n Jerry's after a long day
forgetting chocolate in my belly button
Oh god
Too much
How long does it take for a black woman to take a shit? 9 months being me.
constructing with my close friends sweetheart two times
May have just trespassed???
trying to tell my best friend I love her
Assuming the Worst about a Girl
not turning of my camera in an online meeting while leaving my room in a boarding school
riding my bike, with my dog pulling me “sled-dog style”, too fast for the thick brush.
wanting to keep my muscles from being sore
getting my period while working in a cornfield
letting my ex GF cheat on her BF with me and accidentally tattling
waking up too early after drinking and barrel rolling off the freeway
leaving food in my room for the night
trying to make rocket fuel
putting Yoshidas in my oatmeal
getting upset over my son getting sent to the principal's office on his first day back.
calling my entire class a bunch of annoying twats through zoom without realizing my mic was unmuted...
being too dependant on the internet for answers and have screwed up my lifeboat
covering myself in poo and pee
killing a little kitten in front of my kid with a lawnmower
Making Hot Chocolate for my Dad
for screenshoting some random nudes
leaving my sex toys for my mom to find, leaving her thinking I was gay
Can't stop get it out of my head
Binging Grey’s Anatomy Instead Of Doing My Assignments
trying to trim the bush
My Phone got dunked in my pool, and I wiped all my dead relative's last texts and voicemails to me.
Riding My Bike
acciedentally loosing my bank card.
flirting with a minor and being branded a pedo by her mother.
getting super high and video calling some Mormons
joining the online class's voicechat with my shitty mic and social anxiety
washing my facemask before a date
Hacked on MC, got my account banned. I feel shit and really should not give in to my curiosity.
emailing my counselor that I wanted a "bondage" experience with my parents
getting caught slacking off and telling my boss I don't like my job.
buying a phone on Amazon.
talking to my mom when she was dropping a package off on my front porch almost causing my own mugging
leaving my mums car door open for the night in torrential rain
not realizing what cake day was
sleeping with my window open
What a way to go...
getting dressed in the window
being inadvertently racist
transferring a perfect Pokemon I needed on Pokemon Go.
farting into bathtub after eating jalapenos for dinner
having a family of seven (and 2 dogs) and not taking this panic seriously
inhaling a mushroom
getting Nutella all over my Boobs
I wish I didn't say anything
having SEX with my SEXY BOSS
AN
it’s on my remote
reading 177013 and watching Requiem For a Dream both for the first time, back to back.
sneaking into an abandoned chinese food takeaway owner's house
Right cock up
downloading a virus onto my parents computer completely crashing it.
sending my Grandma a picture of my bare ass
my mom found the nut sock
rushing into work after my break
trusting my family
popping a sty on my eyelid
Getting a Traffic Ticket from Crying
playing with my cat
Fuuuck
buying sex toys on my parents’ credit card
Being Registered to the Wrong Political Party for the Past 3 Years
being sleepy
TDIFU by... I don't even know how to describe this. NSFW
telling a woman which refused to wear a mask, that she needs to put on a mask because she's ugly as hell, and that all the customers amd staff would appreciate if she hides her face
forgetting about the poop I put in my pocket.
eating a sandwich
Edible mistakes
playing Microsoft's flight simulator the day after 9/11
telling a transgender person not to touch me
giving $500 to a stranger who said he would return it back double
giving a friend a ride and breaking both arms
introducing a girl to Grindr
being shit at Latin.
telling my cousin she's too stupid to be a Democrat
playing porn in my Professor Cabin
losing a slug.
I think  making myself look like a drug addict who carries needles in my bag in front of the whole school
shitting in my own pants.
getting a therapy dog
donating to my favourite streamer
accidentally sending a several page, very dire mental health packet to my daughters teacher
explanation down below.
kicking my Tae Kwon Do instructor's hand.
NSFW almost got e-whored
making my son afraid of Christmas elves
creating a reddit account for my friend and accidentally misspelling her username
Brr
shaving my privates wrong
recreating the prank with the snapped pasta and broken neck
talking smack about a coworker when my iphone was mirrored on our office lobby TV
touching a lightbulb
when I purchased a "brand new" computer off of an Amazon 3rd party retailer
expressing my crush
eating a beef pot pie
I ordered dinner...
telling customers about how much money this work desk has
and now I’m shit out of luck
for calling a colleague fat ass
not recognizing my own neighbor but recognizing his friend because I was too stoned
leaving jewelry by my computer, which lead to it breaking
forgetting that I am an idiot and even simple tasks are impossible for me to not fuck up. Now my car has no license plate.
re-writing my essay over a hundred times
dropping our brand-new shared work phone in the toilet and now idk what to do. (T^T)
doing a kind deed, forgetting I did the kind deed, and completely screwing over the person I did said kind deed for.
spraying toilet water on myself
leaving my lab coat on the floor
letting my toddler play with my phone.
asking the teachers if I may go to the bathroom for the first 2 years of high school
forgetting about my sourdough starter and instead growing thousand upon thousands of mites in my bedroom.
not knowing my local flora
drinking my way to nerve damage
flipping over my bike in front of my crush and her friends.
having sex in the shower
not signing a birthday card properly
A bird "tale" embarrassment
painting my wals blue with ink.
showing my coworker a post on this subreddit
not studying and missing a legit $1000 deal :')
TIFU_ by trying to float a paper plate with bread in a bath.
I am SO stupid...
AITA for showing my friend pictures of his fiance drinking and hanging out with guys when she told him that she never partied or slept around? He ended things with her after this.
getting shadowbanned from two subreddits.
r/When I came to the realization that I probably shouldn't have gone with feelings attached for a fwb that occurred quite some time ago.
tattooing my crush's initials on my arm and making her avoid me.
Showing my girlfriend Return of the King
procrastinating on reddit instead of working on the massive projects due in every one of my classes.
finding out fruit goes well with beetroot mashed potato
twisting my leg while sitting down
locking myself inside my home
driving my finger into a razor
not properly communicating with the person I was sexting with
using the same username on deviantArt and a specific hungarian website.
dirty jokes
giving my phone to dad and not being in the same room
farting on a teacher farting on a zoom call
painting my toenails and going to a trampoline park
trying to seduce a guy at my gym.
thinking I could trust a fart knowing damn well I have Covid.
Ttyhhgfg
not wanting to go on a long prepared road trip not applying enough sunscreen.
smoking way too much weed and greening out on a bar patio
not wearing my headphones correctly
going to girl’s place for Netflix and chilling and dint do anything and got blocked.
Free iphone Xs iphone Max Mockup PSD Set- Good Mockups.
using the popular gender-changing filter
lying to friends
putting my phone into an indestructible case with a screen protector on
not throwing away a used condom
accidentally sending a text to the wrong group chat
Tried to start the morning off right... Didn't end well.
yes
locking myself in a bathroom
GO FUCK YOURSELF WITH TIFUs THAT DIDNT HAPPEN TODAY
getting caught having an “obscene” photoshopped image of a teacher
not knowing the right day.
accidentally editing a document on Google Classroom.
Got too high on a school trip
by asking mom if her life would be different if..
My grandma saw my weed plants
not realising people could see me through my bathroom window for the last two years
using reddit for 9 months on my phone not realizing that I can swipe through posts instead of sliding.
laughing at someone when they asked why their card kept declining
letting my dog pooping in the bathroom
clapping for terrorism
Which is the best gift for mom?
knowing friend’s penis size
calling my friend's aunt a "weirdo" on Facebook for writing a nice comment on her niece's picture.
scarring my 9 month old daughter with my Google Home Mini.
My Grandmother Dog Died
speeding past the owner in the parking lot
not knowing people brush their teeth twice a day
accidentally giving away 50 USD.
thinking my body was a dramaqueen like me
wearing a Hitler mustache to work.
my getting up in the middle of the night to turn off the air conditioning.
Hedge
wrecking my dream car.
trying to get a spider out of my room
stabbing myself in the mouth with a wooden skewer
making toxic friends (more of a generic FU tbh)
I nearly got a teacher fired with my sub-par photoshop skills and the incredible power of rumor.
asking for a starving kid’s chips.
saying I like North Korea to my crush
watching porn again after 3 years of resisting it
dropping my headphone on recent dropped deuce
bringing my Boss a box of cereal instead of a bag of cocaine.
destroying my PC's water pump.
trying to unclog the shower drain (NSFW)
looking at a stranger while chewing gum
messaging someone on Reddit while knowingly being friends with them irl
I fucked up big time
playing Fortnite
leaving the mic on my bluetooth headphones on when going to the washroom... during a lecture
ifu
sleeping with my Ex’s best friend
and now my asscheeks are glued together
cutting my own bangs
getting my account permanently suspended because the admins think I’m a pedo
letting a puppy lick my face
Brother Uses a cleaning toothbrush on his teeth
playing porn noises from an ad out loud in my room while my family is trying to sleep less than 10 metres away.
sending a random person a picture of my dick pubes
starting a fire in the woods by my house while celebrating 4/20
jerking to my sister in law
on my Math finals regarding a question about chickens
asking for AirPods
provoking a cow and getting lost in the jungle
trying to be less bland with my email intros
By yelling at a Korean family thinking they were Chinese
not checking movie reviews for Life Itself before watching
changing the plan at the last minute.
I think) by giving unnecessary advice
eating a banana
This year i f**cked up
telling my dad my friend and I watched a porno
Called boss a name and insulted disabled coworker at work and still somehow kept my job. Still cringe about it today.
muting my teacher
using overly descriptive post titles
not taking into account that emojis may look different from system to system
booking a flight drunk x 2
jumping into the sea
having all the same friends as my now ex
My poor German realtor
BUYING 50+ LBS OF APPLESAUCE
leaving food in my room overnight
Today I fucked Up during a teams meeting
blowing a federal agent’s cover
forgetting I wore a condom
leaving my dentures sitting on a side table instead of in their cup
making my sleeping bag smell like jizz
attempting to suicide
forgetting to scan the 60 cent radishes at a self scan register.
attempting to pop a boil between my legs
dropping my juul in the toilet
I 25M didn't understand my girlfriend 47F sarcasm, had a mental breakdown and ended our relationship.
not eating ass the right way
flooding my basement with my sisters piss water
nsfw server
TIFI by letting my cousins bird out of its cage
Got drunk, let the guy use two condoms.
going to the toilet inside the plane
quoting pulp fiction to my manager
Really cool training on how to make the most money while you're stuck at home
making a subreddit about teens
driving 2 hours and getting ghosted (on NYE) &amp; ending up throwing Christmas tree in his friend’s driveway (vid in description)
announcing to my class I was going to breastfeed
kissing my sleeping boyfriend before I left for work
putting a breakup song on our wedding playlist
going on a Jeep ride
dropping my bottle of liquor.
ignoring the class action lawsuit regarding shampoo and conditioner.
eating a croissant and drinking coffee in my car while watching the sunrise
I didnt expect this to happen, please help
scaring the shit out of a cashier with my new car
waking up feeling great, doing chores and going to the grocery shop
(graverobbing?) my grandpa and making my parents believe they were robbed
postponing going to the toilet
saying Hello to my new boss, ended up with a letter from a lawyer
not realising what I was eating for my lunch.
almost getting kidnapped
sending a pic of me taking a shit in my work groupchat
my bf told me not to buy anything off of his PS4 and I stupidly did
allowing my client to drive my car
making sex noises as a joke
ignoring a warning from my work computer
Gave my non stoner co-worker an edible at work and he called an ambulance
ruining my relationship with my family
masterbating at the wrong time and place
eating a bunch of exotic fruit before going on a glass Ferris wheel
getting an invite to a secret society only to immediately break their rules
wanting popcorn shrimp
rr
A dwarf,A little person. ....I fucked up
erasing all of an oil company's computer records
unintentionally spreading Covid-19
while trying to tell my ex I saw her boyfriend on Grindr anonymously
yelling at a girl about her skin colour
I told the wrong kid to get back in the house
making my friend/coworker and his gf think I'm riddled with STDs
Submitting My Homework
taking a screenshot
saying I found a girl hotter than a guy on a date
Finding a Larvitar
recommending that my boyfriend and I watch a video about anti-Asian hate crimes together
almost getting hypothermia because I wanted doughnuts.
trying to take a picture of my school desks
Shaving my balls
using google photos
taking LSD and pretending to be French for 10 months
accidentally telling my boyfriend's parents that her kids smoke weed.Being an Ass in Front of My Sister's Family
not ending a call with HR
giving out to an autistic child at work
passing gas into my respirator
locking myself out of my own bedroom and having to pick the lock with a skewer.
I never knew :(
sending myself my friends furry references to myself via facebook messenger so I could use them on my drawing tablet (closeted furry).
not eating all day
Making plans without consent
almost burning down the kitchen
winking at a girl while her 6.6 ft tale boyfriend sat beside her
turning off the main water supply line provided by the city and now...
putting a finger in my nose while I was in video call
getting good at a game to impress a guy I had a crush on.
trying to get over my phone addiction
letting my mom smell my sex juice
becoming a bail bondsman
laughing
using the wrong balm on my lips
on missing a great first date.
Writing a Call for Help Instead of an English Essay on Disgrace by J. M. Coetzee and Staying in that Relationship for a Whole Other Year
almost flooding my powder room with feces-contaminated water from the *sink*
leaving my two newly bought finch's in the same room as my cat.
joining a school zoom with a less than appropriate name...
grinding up by neighbors electric car charger with the snowblower.
thinking we had a gas leak
ripping off my armpit
painting my bathroom, pissing my pants, and falling asleep on my lawn.
laying under my desk at work.
getting caught by my wife for bing a troll on reddit
SEX 😳
drinking laundry detergent
thinking this sub had mods
Bolted outside with no shoes on and my pants unbuttoned to catch a Postmates thief that was really just myself
touching my dick with my hands after cutting spicy peppers
taking a shower while inebriated.
using a foot peeling mask
using my supervisor's number without him even being clocked in
with accidental racism
putting on old lotion that smelled funny.
sort of relying on my groupmates.
unknowingly using a racist phrase my whole life
McDonad Fail
not checking the refresh rate on my monitor.
posting work anniversaries
update by giving a homeless man a home and making him homeless again.
clogging my girlfriend’s toilet
showing my reddit to my colleague
and slept with my apt manager
buying software that is crap for lot of money.
burning my sons Pokemon card collection.
making graphic comments on "minors"
showing my coworker a dick pic.
accidentally only taking a photo of the most unbelievable thing I have ever seen, and maybe will ever see, in my life.
not calculating coldbrew caffeine content correctly.
sounding very racist
for picking up my co-workers shift and missing out on a good time.
not being appreciative
playing some great music for my class
giving my dog a boner
nearly setting fire to my friend’s house while he was asleep, high and home alone
By accidentally implying life was cheaper/easier under slavery
letting my girlfriend "touch up" my haircut.
getting too stoned with my brothers friends
accidentally making rear entry in my wife
trying to watch a favorite childhood movie and being emotionally scarred
accidently deleating a very rare item from my friend's inventory in a video game - TLDR @ The bottom
raping a spider to death
when I got caught cheating on my final by sitting on a cheat-sheet
sharing a cat video on r4r
losing an AirPod
listening to the owls outside hooting every night.
Games on school computer
losing my $25 gift card twice, given to everyone at my workplace
letting my friends take a picture of me
shitting in a sorority
being too comfortable during my physical exam.
touching a classmates butt by accident
saying words.
for posting NSFW story in this subreddit
bad trail urination
I fucked up by packing my clean undies (NSFW)
getting in the longest drive-thru covid test line while suffering from diarrhea.
Misaligned my jaw
casting what my cousin was doing in vr
only eating chips and drinking coke before exam
drinking to celebrate the end of my three week liquid diet.
stabbing my toe with a knife.
telling my girlfriend's dad to eat my ass
BIGDATA IN ACCA
doing push-ups after not doing an upper body workout for months and then got my Covid vaccine.
was when I had to hike 600mi. from northern Cali to Seattle Washington (hometown in Massachusetts)
having SEXY SEX! (Gone Sexual) 🙈
making my F*ck buddy think I’m a squirter
shipping a box of dildos to Fisher Price
Bled on my boyfriend during “first time” he doesn't want to speak to me.
drinking out of my ashtray
fhhghjjjgwhd e3zz2zz abbey3s v63s22,J go 6SSE u7g5DZ?UV6gnfd4s3z3dvhgg
mocking the british in front of two british people
not knowing what euthanasia was
almost drowning in a stream, and by dragging elderly with me
going to karaoke with my friend who was also the first boyfriend I ever had
having a drunken near miss of my best friend
showing initiative
meeting a famous athlete on his home turf and completely belittling his accomplishments
I wore a trench coat to a private school
admitting that I did not know a document
learning that my parents have sex in front of the family dog.
insulting someone
not checking immigration rules
being late to submit my resume
NOT TELLING MY FRIEND THAT I’M IN LOVE WITH HER
Fruits business
washing my hair before an event
saying my friend is texting a girl while in a car with other friends and a parent.
Stumbled on an international spy ring on Reddit.
making my 7 year old niece watch an age innapropriate cartoon on YouTube.
confusing gilded with glided
Today I royaly fucked up
sending my mom’s friend a direct message on instagram that was supposed to go to my girlfriend.
losing thousands of dollars I don’t have
putting break up songs on my wedding play list
Using Someone Elses Pillow
blowing the surprise for my girlfriend's gift.
not locking my hotel room door
In history i had a fill in the blank question on a test
using losing my tampon inside myself  trying to be captain save a hoe one too many times
not throwing away a piece of paper with a phonenumber on it
indirectly calling my older sister narcissist to her face in front of my uncle and cousin
trying to change my car's shift knob
forgetting to put my cat outside and worrying the Uber driver
sort-of posting a dick pic on my Snapchat story
asking a girl to bang
having a sexual act in my username without realizing it
dropping the wrong class and realizing during finals week
got scammed 370$ for a PS5 on cash app
spending $106.25 on an access code for an online class that was inclusive access. (But I wasn't told was inclusive access)
Your best and worst friend, alcohol.
hitting random one with a ball at speed of 5000 kilometres/hour
Joined a Zoom meeting on my phone and went to the bathroom
implying to my brand new classmates that I an sexually attracted to fish
opening r/today
entering a scamming website for csgo gambling.
getting lost in New York
making soap soup
Ignoring My Web Hosting's Invoice Reminder
Today I fucked up by telling my mom I don’t believe in god
falling asleep 15mins too soon...
agreeing to use a contraceptive I've never seen before
Fucked up in school bathroom stall
defending Ted Cruz
driving “drunk”
making a Reddit post and the whole server of my school found out.
asking for a knife at a charity event...
I Took A Piss On A Pile Of Leaves And Almost Had A Heart Attack
giving myself a hickey
being designated driver.
with Icy Hot
2 years ago I was Me (19F) he was (25M)two years ago,my ego bruised
giving my boyfriend icy balls
eating too much
covering my grey bedroom wall with sperm
forgetting what the people of the Netherlands are called
Highway toilets squat
letting my brother finding my moms massive dildo
leaving a women's razor in my shower
making everyone in the dentist think i have mental issues
bringing milk to school
Today i fucked up by not reading the instructions.
Laundry flames
sending everyone a picture of my messed up leg... with more included than I realised
opening Reddit on a Date
and got banned from AITA for 30 days.
snooping through my parents travel documents
getting made at my friend who cared about me
causing a pancake batter flood
unknowingly played volleyball with one of my ex-Tinder matches
accidentally stalking my female friend
desperately eating prunes as a midnight snack
eating butt
pulling a prank on my teacher
gassing my house with mustard gas
That's it.
performing hair care
burning half of my house down because of my boyfriend's DIY
Wearing a Bluetooth Headset...
extremely ignoring my crush who was really happy to see me
changing my address on a fraudulent website
due to me accidentally dabbing in public to show my mom what the kids were doing last year
thinking I was getting lucky during a bout with depression, but ended up traumatized
playing the "circle game" in a family photo
relieving myself in the bathroom
sending a pic of my butthole to a stalker
overboiling milk
mocking a customer's deformity
messaging about someone while leaving my phone nearby
asking for tums and being quarantined for 10 days.
listening to profanity-laced content
getting social
trying to help a friend prepare for surgery by explaining how to deal with hunger and unintentional telling her that my family often goes without food
Received a cute video on IG of my crush doing nothing.
wearing the wrong pair of socks
I snitched on an entire class because they lied about doing a physics test which they didn't do.
binge listening to a podcast instead of studying for an exam
accidentally peeing all over my jeans whilst bushwalking.
coming out to my mother?
putting a glass egg in my vagina, getting it stuck, then peeing in the floor
having weak ankles
getting on a plane with Gallowboob
giving Candy to a friend of the opposite sex 3 days before St. Valentine’s Day
enjoying my music too much
using chili powder for my French toast
making a joke about the person next to me’s dog dying
I bought an aux cable at an american convenience store that said 10ft, but the cord is actually only 6 ft. It says 10 ft and 6 ft on the box.
I Was Finally Caught Crossdressing.
Almost got sent home because of a high temperature.
accidentally using the wrong usb stick
leaving my stove on
spilling juice all over Jesus Christ thinking about yaoi
TIF by kidnapping a dog
falling alseep on zoom
went for a bushwalk and my work thought I was abducted and murdered in the Australian bushland
Went through a red light
rear-ending somebody as I was driving this girl from work that I really like home (from work)
gagging so hard I shat my pants
leaving a dildo out when a workman came over and then texting him about it.
setting up my Wifi the way I did.
getting arthritis in my jaw because I find dogs unbearably cute
letting my friend get close to my pc in school
eating a cake that wasn’t a cake
riding my bicycle down the stairs thinking that it was a good idea, ended up in the ER with 2 stitches
2 birds, 1 stone- I got’em both
sending my High School Crush Vore Porn
My hand is not toilet paper
exposing my son and myself to my wife's clients.
doing my friend a favor.
Watching Porn: when I should have been sexting my bf
not knowing how to count my age
and showed up two hours late to a early shift
Rickrolling my entire class
smashing the back of my friends car
playing with my cat after I'd used the bathroom.
not being able to get it up when my gf was aroused.
My car will smell like urine forever
almost calling my girlfriend by my ex’s name...my ex is called Monica so I was like mo mo mo Mom?
upsetting my wife and myself
forgetting to log out my Facebook account on a public computer
I just washed my hands to get the water that I spilled on my hands off.
talking in my sleep.
By going on a blind date
taking more shots than I should've.
Turns out I've been announcing for the last 4 years that I'm for the systematic killing of people with disabilities
My family found my ahegao t-shirt
defrosting my turkey and freezing my fridge's water line in the process.
telling universities i’m mixed race and then having my ancestry dna results « update »
looking up anime figurines
trying to kill myself and sexting with bride of our dean
stepping on someones beats headphones
laying in my bed
because I elbowed my husband in the chest, might be a widow soon idk
trying to get a dildo
tripping on the top step of my stairs and falling on my ass, sliding down the stairs, bouncing and landing on my butt all the way down while holding my drink in my hand as it splashed all over my face and clothes
telling a potentially dying horse "you're already dead"!I accidentally made a GoodWill employee sad
writing a negative post about an ex-employee
leaving my vibrator (and it's charger) on the bathroom sink while my boyfriend's family in town
taking a snap
Jackson Pollocking the garden
not being in the google classroom where all my quarantine work is.
Loved WATCHING bullied anti-circ activist!
I put a napkin in a candle and burned my hand
voting for Trump ironically
stripping for my whole company
not pissing in my boyfriend's car
rubbing tear gas into my sunburn
Drove my car drunk and crashed it into a tree.
knocking out a kid with a snowball at a Christmas festival
watching the new Pokemon moviewatching the remake of the first Pokemon movie on Netflix
going to the wrong airport and costing myself and extra 160€
Downloading Whisper
AI Post Generator First Stable Release!
opening a Porn cam website while trying to open Reddit while my parents walked in.
running over my dad's foot when driving off.
not wearing my glasses and ordering two of the same pizza for a customer instead of one.
using the lotion at my hairdressers station
wearing a musty ass shirt to school
pissing my pants.
assuming a lot and knowing surprisingly little.
sending my ex boyfriend a photo of me sucking my current boyfriend’s dick
giving my parents some specially curated baking ingredients
swearing in an online class
chugging 600mg of caffeine because I am stupid.
a spider bit my butt crack.
telling my friend my feelings..
telling my new colleagues that I'm a coke addict who cuts myself
being too indecisive and got belittled by it.
wishing I'll on my friend's mom
not responding too early in our given example and got kicked in the call
throwing up while giving my bf a BJ and ruining Valentine’s Day
asking my blind boyfriend to read captcha
My (18f) mom would start to act different when I tell her about a guy friend.
Trusting A Phone App (M)
getting my girlfriend of two years to break up with me. (Learn from my mistakes)
delivering a hard drive to a pedophile.
siting on the only place that would make me a voyeur
سوالات متداول درباره ی سئو
accusing my bosses wife of stealing
finally ending my quest for the perfect porn
telling my professor I'm disabled
making a blood bond with my kids
taking off my neck bandage.
falling asleep with my phone in my bed not reading the instructions on epoxy resin and causing an exothermic reaction
posting on my public story on Instagram and instead the private one
dreaming about a girl I was interested in
becoming a debt slave to the American healthcare system for 7 years
not locking my doors immediately after parking.
having COVID-19 and being topless
deleting a few games from my PS4
buying off of GAMEFLIP
playing BDSM porn in class
getting my first semen test
poisoning my boyfriend for the second time
making a man self-defecate at Goodwill
Literally Saying I Was Going To Cheat On My Exam
opening the wrong amazon package
Commenting on My Nephew's Penis and Seeming like a Pedo
locking a breastfeeding mother out of my safe space because I thought she was a lost cleaner
How are people staying alive?
Eating My Parents' Whipped Cream
saying to a coworker, “Call me Twinkie.”
doing the stupidest thing I've ever done
nearly stubborn-ing myself to death
forgetting rotten eggs happen
bringing my dog to my bf's apartment
when my grad school professor asked me to screen share my computer screen in our zoom class, and I forgot that I left my onlyfans account, and Botox websites open for them to see. I wanted to die
freaking out as I was trying to go to sleep.
going on a date with my Crush
making my friend laugh too hard
Rapping for my new neighbors
teaching my brother how to climb the stairs
donating to a streamer
feeding some baby raccoons, they multiplied in numbers,won’t leave, and fight my dogs.
marrying my mom
accidentally sparking international outrage, conspiracies, and death threats over my comedy overdub video
and got the CEO of our company yelled at starting a waterfall of a shitstorm.
not checking the septic tank
putting a slash on the name of my Mac-formatted external drive
having my dog put down
Accidentally Encouraged a Suicide in a Mental Hospital
using mock Gospel in my Zoom Meeting
not wearing a top that would keep my boobs in
mixing prescription drugs together. (Not what you think).
being a lazy ass and naive and almost getting robbed
discharging on my dog
taking somebody's temperature.
touching a little girl and having a "nice" talk with her father
prioritising my family over my job?
accidentally shaving my head bald
telling my sister I suspected my girlfriend was cheating
opening my mouth one too many times today
day drinking
DIY an fleshight that stopped me from getting laid
following instructions and not checking
running to fast and ended up 2 steps on the road, then started crying hysterically when someone in a car beeped at me
making french toast
I am dumb and no longer have a TV.
FHRITP on my GF’s Answering Machine for 5 Years
not realizing society doesn't like to see grown men talk to little kids
deadbolt-ing my roommate out of our apartment and leaving my phone on silent
my girlfriend broke up with me because Im spending quarantine playing csgo with the boys.
Fortnite dancing and having to spent 2020 relearning how to walk
I wanted to be a mechanic just like my dad.
Letting My Dog Steal A Toy From A Toddler.
getting too mad and saying things I shouldn’t have
DAD AND SON
taking amphetamines with my gf while she had a yeast infection. getting robbed and losing my PC money.
locking me and my client out of their new computer.
drinking a half empty cup of thai tea that had be sitting there for ~10 days weeks
Locked Out Of My Car While Running &amp; In Gear
going to AYCE sushi restaurant
not getting dressed to go through the drive through
Got Bamboozled by the dispensary.
burning my beans.
Glider trouble
locking myself in Satan's windy asshole
Tofu by having sex when I wasn't feeling well
I really, really, really, really fucked up .
putting on my freshly sterile (boiled) menstrual cup and burning my morning coffee.
hurting a guys feelings
jumping out of a hot air balloon.
when I tried buy an entryway bench
calling someone stupid over Zoom
Accidentally made said a threat to a girl
I got knocked out by my Dog...
eating a piece of the wrong pizza
telling my friend I support LGBTQ+?
I finally did it...
People who’ve gotten over the fear of driving, how do you do it?
Petition to change the name of the sub-reddit to r/ifu
getting baked and watching a Game of Thrones
radicalizing my workplace
putting my parents through an existential crisis because of memes I posted on social media
saying the word “Apple” instead of “Thank you”
smacking my boyfriend in the balls
because I talked about the Astros sign stealing
being so ignorant that my employers will likely face a Discrimination Against the Handicapped lawsuit from a very angry customer
watching 10 things I hate about you
not reading all the instructions
jacking off with headphones on
snooping on the CEO’s email.
sleeping and not warning my parents who were waiting for me to come home
napping nude
leaving some unsavory items on my dad's bathroom windowsillAIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
not submitting school work for the last month
posting an image on discord
lying and confusing my dentist
telling a female cashier at a Spanish grocery store to “chupa mi pito”
letting my 8 month old daughter roll of the changing table and hit the ground
getting my hurting back rubbed with fire disguised as a cream
saying "Are You OK " To a Girl Like I Thought She Was Crazy leaving the little hole in the bottom wall of my outdoor restroom there instead of fixing it.
getting my best friend a girlfriend
By using super glue
not inhaling properly when smoking weed for three years
cause I thought it still the holidays
judging someone too quickly
and offended a friend's religion
showing my niece a locust which resulted in absolute hysteria.
emptying my sons potty.
misunderstanding the delivery guy.
nutting just as my mum walked in the room.
And got grounded.
beeing lazy af and locking myself in the bathroom
wanking in a closet
using the bowl I served myself breakfast in again for lunch.
telling a terrible joke...
having sex with a hooker
leaving one of my AirPods downstairs while I watched porn
I officially know the Fastest way to the doghouse... Shit...
letting my coworker see my nudes
accidentally giving a homeless person false hope
texting my coworker about buttholes
not performing regular or basic upkeep on my car
trying to be romantic with my boyfriend
being a lazy fuck
applying Rogaine right after microneedling my skull
throwing my galaxy S4
Walking Around my Boyfriend's House Pantsless
had adult conversation with a family friend’s 6 year old son
indulging my inner fat ass
getting high for the first time in a new city with 4 men id never met before
scheduling 11500 jobs at work.
telling my Co worker I have a micro penis
sending my teacher (crush) the "Homework" folder.
opening nsfw pictures while the intern teacher while
By going to Tiger King Zoo with FL plates.
I did a goof
not checking autocorrect and turning into a predator.
Guilt and Escape: The Relationship with my parents destroyed??
SEX ON REDDIT
A Bouncy ball and an electric fence.
laughing at a coworker's story
being honest with my SO
in walmart.
letting it rip
thinking I wasn't as blind as I actually am
jacking off leaving my door unlocked
accusing someone of videotaping my girlfriend
letting my dogs play with their collars on, leading to one of them almost dying
asking my childhood best friend what his "deepest darkest secret" is
accidentally finger my little brothers butthole at the pool
sending pictures I shouldn't have
being super forgetful/ignorant/oblivious
accidentally calling my teacher a cunt
eating a Carolina Reaper
trying to decide which song to play next
answering the phone with "Yes" at work.
urinating on the Houses of Parliament in London and armed police responding
using my phone at 3AM
eating a McDouble and getting the worst period cramps of my life.
setting up an online store
checking my iPad browser history which ended up making me throw up and fail a quiz
TUFU by trying to protect my toothbrush from poo particles
walking in on my teacher on the loo
shotgunning my boyfriend's cum onto his face
giving a customer an empty pizza box instead of his order
Today I fucked because I shipped someone with their EX
saying 'My dog is dead' in a group chat
having softcore gay furry p*rn as my wallpaper
having my dad's birthday cake delivered
We had to clear out of the house after what I did!
taking a leak in Afghanistan
not noticing optional weights in the gym
accidentally calling my history teacher a dumbass
bc my relatives catched me and my girlfriend having kinky sex
for giving a blowjob after eating
letting my god daughter play with a golden shower.
blowing up a few tons of Ammonuium nitrate
I got drunk and angry and sent my ex’s mom her nudes
farting. It could lead to my girlfriend losing her potential dream career.
having my stepfather feed the cats early in the morning instead of me
inadvertently denying myself access to new friends and destroying my self esteem for a while.
drinking my sons pee twice
training my puppy to sit and stay before eating her food
getting a bad haircut.
Instincts
Today I fucked up by posting something fake
buying cuphead
fucking my best friends hot mom. I am a gamer and she does the sexy, kinky sex in bed.
vomiting on a cat.
letting my friends try my electric scooter on first day ;-; (it broke)
following google maps
Having my Gmail tab open with a subject line of interview open
swatting at a mosquito that was in my crotch
farting while giving my bf head
calling a hearse a “Cool Van”
naming a school pdf the sex is good
Update :  falling for a Snapchat scam.
blasting music out of my phone in public.
asking a blind man for his driver's license
leaving delicious bread on the table.
lying to a girl on tinder...
showing the cute nurse who works next door my near naked body in a towel during a hurricane
destroying my GF's family's precious memories on Christmas
dropping off a semen sample
wearing a towel outside of my bedroom
non-alcoholic beer
passing some cash and an address to a guy I knew.
accidentally peeing in my girlfriend (NSFW)
leaving out a popsicle
with one vowel character
I fucked up by almost showing a porn parody to children
buying a used washing machine.
having a Hitler moustache
trying to walk off a large stroke
getting so drunk that I injured my penis and got a girlfriend
Applying for my U.S. Citizenship
being extremely, yet unintentionally gay
putting ear drops in my eye... pain.
returned call to recruiter from work, only to be overheard by VP of finance.
reading thru r/thinking its Sunday Morning when in fact its Monday Morning and I have work in a couple of hours
helping someone steal
Coming On To A Potential Employer
dropping the smartphone during dinner with porn gif playing
wishing to get sick
sleeping through lunch and half of my next class
a potential threesome by jamming out to Baker Street and suggesting a Holocaust movie for Netflix and chill.
biting my toungue
making my face flakier than a burnt croissant
trying to role play with my gf and now everyone thinks i'm cheating
Yea... I drank paint
Definitely not Motrin.
driving a girl i just met 3hours away before COVID-19 lock-down
saying orgy on loudspeaker
doing a full monty for my window cleaner
accidentally creating car-exhaust flavored nacho chips.
thinking I had a tumor
stabbing my finger with an iron nail
humiliating myself by sending a meme in the wrong groupchat
sending an NSFW server invite to my pastor
clogging the toilet which then caused the bathtub to backup
Soft Gels, the King of Vitamin Forms!
telling people to go outside to bars and restaurants
handling agar plates containing ampicillin
going to the grocery store
drinking a picture of budlight before eoek
What's the most fucked up article you've read on this subreddit?
Accidental Zoom mooning
telling a potential employer that I ate “Vegina”
How i just destroyed my future and probably my career
getting a vibrator stuck in my ass.
telling my boyfriend a lie for literally no reason
I'm become obsessed with someone I dont know
leaving the pantry door open
getting a raise
keeping 1TB of files on an external hard drive and dropping it one too many times.
accidentally expecting a casual hookup with a clingy virgin
spitting water all over dinner
losing my mom's old silver ring
breaking the hand off a clock
trying to find a powerpoint
for not having the notification sound on my cell.
finding confidential files from a pharm company in my family's filing cabinet
forgetting to throw out my baby’s diaper
getting my suv stuck on a tree stump
staying at Day's Inn
when I didn't double check autocorrect...twice.
ending up naked on a hoverboard at Christmas family gathering
Texted a customer on accident...
scratching my back
trying to help a crow.
making soup
So I carried a 24 pack of soda from the store to home.
hitting a boar and ending up with 2 broken cars and coming home 4 hours later than planned
eating horseradish.
broadcasting porn across my office (NSFW)
not knowing what the rainbow bridge was...
storing my ziplocked weed inside a half full can
not knowing my limit.
up by saying something "homophobic".
giving myself electric burns
having my nudes shared with my parents and a mutual friends parents.
and ended with a dead car
being extra careful.
TWICE (probably 3 times) by accidentally buying a very rare $2,500 bottle of bourbon
Today I fucked it by trying to relax
a post by not adding a to the beginning
Accidentally discovering a drug marketplace here
setting off a rooster
killing a spider.
NOT WIPING MY ASS
TIFI I accidentally dropped my 3ds.
leaving a window open.
telling my little cousin that chicken nuggets came from baby chicks
thinking aeration was dog shit and making someone who doesn't have a dog upset
having a common word as a last name.
Told my dad I didn’t the narrative that black people were selectively killed by the police was backed up by the data, now he thinks I’m a callous racist.
watching porn too loud
The time I accidentally contaminated a strip club with pepper spray
accidentally screen recording me and my friends watching Hamiltonwhen I accidentally purchased way too many reddit coins
doordashing and getting my car stolen
jumping into a river with snakes in it
meeting a kinky girl
buy not cleaning up a stranger’s pee.
painting trains and getting 15k fine
dropping a knife while dish washing
threatening my cousin with incest
I fucked up my first date since corona because I'm an idiot.
letting out the the soft N-word at a school field trip.
not muting myself at the start of the conference call
telling my muslim grandparents I ate a pigs foot
sleeping with baggy trousers on.
almost killing myself
making an a little far-fetched joke
unintentionally being racist...
teach my cat to follow me
putting toothpaste on my toothbrush
trying to make a dark joke leading to my friend thinking I'm a pedo
sending my prof a pdf that has wtf in a comment.
accidentally meeting a bronie.
using a pooping in a toilet without the toilet brush around
Sent a inappropriate GIF to my mourning mother.
eating to soon before a workout
thinking my manager was talking to me on zoom instead of the whole team and responded back as if the question was for me.
TIFA by accidentally breaking a mirror during PE class
I’m 14 and What is Life
eating food outside
on multiple job applications
linking a porn site on my LinkedIN page
falling asleep with my TV on
picking hot peppers
faking an imaginary NSFW story to get attention
having good ol’ Murphy’s law on my ass
A petty scammer scamms a 15 year old (me btw)
being interrogated by a customer
swinging kids on a clothesline
Telling my Colleagues About Coconut Guy’s Story.
being the worst goalie in the history of my middle school
eating a chewing gum
my friend have a stool test and ran out of wipes
f*cking my gf in a public bathroom
thinking it was cool to walk around in a public swimming pool with a boner
challenging my wife to do a magic trick and pull an actual dog out of her butt and she ended up bleeding all over the carpet and the dog won't come near her now.
consuming sanitizer.
b trying to do a hand stand on an ice filled foam cooler and dislocated my arm ,gave me a thick bruise, and some ice burns.
making Minecraft noises during sex and possibly ruining my relationship
not believing my friend when he claimed he was adopted
That poor lady, she did nothing wrong.
Stealing My Partner’s Candy
Skipped Season 2 of Attack on titan and proceeded to watch 3 and 4
sending gay texts as a joke, but now my brother is trying to wreck my life on Christmas Eve.
for overreacting for no reason kinda.
getting caught with my pants down to a group of college students.
saying my wife sleeps around.
shitting on my partner in my first ever martial arts class
using a drone to secretly film a girls pool party.
I Could Lose My Job Over An Itchy Finger
causing an explosion.
getting extremely drunk
having sex with my gf
sending my password to a gmeet with 48 people
pissing into a bottle
and lost one of the few people that I wanted in my life forever
shaking people's hands in a meeting and THEN telling them I think I'm sick.
My dick cost me $700 and I didn't even get hard
starting a company in high school
By ordering a fan during a heatwave. It’s finally been delivered after 4 days and there’s a rain storm.
not being able to wipe the wife's poopy butthole
going on a run after being sick with Covid-19.
drinking to many slushees
having my bf over
Lost 70e worth of Bitcoin
My leaving my bike wheel in a parking lot...Far away.
golfing at my university and breaking a MASSIVE window
giving myself mild food poisoning to win a petty argument.
smoking weed in my small neighbourhood
posting on Reddit
looking at nasty subs
accidentally posting a picture of me doing blackface.
joking a girl might be big and then she was
when I dumped my perfect girlfriend
I thought my sister and mother were out for a walk, so I jacked off and made a few... sounds. Few seconds later, I hear the tap running in her bathroom
I cut my dick off at home to finish my transformation. Way to much blood also inadvertently defected after cut.
topping my pancakes with tofu instead of butter
installing an OS on my laptop
cheating on my SO and karma came FAST
trying to be nice and give a guy outside Chipotle a couple bucks for some food.
and kicked my sister in the face
painting a windowsill
leaving the tap open which finished all our water
Cat Claws in my Penis
not enunciating my words
Human Flight
getting upset at Walmart. Could have turned out worse.
showing my girlfriend's sister our homemade porn
blaring porn in my grandma’s house.
exploding milk in the microwave
Asking probation officer for a refund
thinking snakes can’t go up walls
parking my car in the middle of the lot outside a Walmart neighborhood market
realizing that a flashbulb memory of seeing an outie belly button in preschool was actually my first time seeing a penis
buying a house in a nice neighborhood, while black.
having my first panic attack because i beat my dick to hard
locking my dog in my (running) car
Doxxing myself
making the wrong joke to the wrong crowd
sending our company’s bank info to a criminal
subbing to this shit
repeatedly trying to FaceTime my friend
trying to have a conversation with my mom and finding out i have a half sister that passed away
going for a run
shaving off my eyebrows
waxing my hairline to make it look like I have a receding hairline
not caring enough about voting.
wanting moisturizing tips
my dental school interview by talking about toilets and cars
tried to be nice and open the door...
while helping my friend move house
accidentally sending a picture.
For years I had been unknowingly asking couples if they eat pussy!
and was pulled over for speeding. Tried flirting to get out of a ticket
getting my license revoked right after i got a job
almost killing my teacher
getting punched out by a 12 year olds dad
Buying a sex toy on Amazon.
predicting a fellow employee's termination
telling my parents their marriage has been falling apart for years.
putting two full cups of sugar water by all my textbooks and school supplies
getting up early and thinking I was on fire
and pushed her away.
getting caught having sex by my dad
asking for anal
helping my 6 year old learn to read and getting my dick bitten as a reward
because a good friend thought I spied on her
hurting my own feelings
telling my wife, “You’re the only one that can make yourself upset because you control your own emotions,” during an argument.
throwing away all of our photo albums
cumming on my cats head
15 minutes ago my newish AirPods were dropped in a used toilet
The last day of 2020 was my worst
having loud sex with my girlfriend not knowing my mom was home.
spilling water all over my desk
getting my friends toenail ripped off
driving to italy without speaking any italian
having sex with my GF after making spicy pico de gallo
trying anal while drunk
texting my co-worker thinking it was my wife TRIGGER WARNING: cringe
getting my clothes stolen while streaking
getting dairy queen
Got drunk on New Years Eve and woke up in the Emergency room
not realizing Zoom carries over your name between different meetings
getting caught staring and sending a girl into an absolute rage
turning on my Roomba, forgetting that my dog shits on the floor
I got caught talking shit about my wife.
As a cashier I trusted a guy to have the right amount of money in change and he scammed me.
getting on the wrong school bus the first day of high school
riding a skateboard
not reading the rules before posting
embarrassing my kids in front of their teachers
shaking a hot solution of jello and protein powder in a closed container; the explosion looks like a crime scene.
getting my account permanently suspended because admins think I am a pedo
trying to clip my toenails forgetting I just had back surgery
multi-tasking and using group chat
and at 25 fucked a 17 year old
ate someone’s spit out gum at the movie theater..
Fitness
not having anything sexual to mention in my post
not congratulating myself on my sister's pregnancy
accidentally hitting Support Teacher
going to the wrong dentist
Alexa betrayed me
accidentally showing NSFW on a work computer.
cumming on my shirt with my mother watching me laughing... (doesnt sound weird at all)
using hand sanitizer as lube
More of my whole family fu by not knowing a cousin in my family was basically blind
keeping spray paint and sand paper close together for over a year. ( Medium length)
pouring a mimosa on my girlfriend
trying to get one over McDonalds UK
protesting at an Amazon Go store in Seattle.
accidentally ordering noodles with dog meat in a Thai restaurant
true feelings
getting Disney plus and attempting get out of the friendzone
my cum falling in my eye
sharing a sensual massage with my partner
locking myself out of my sister's house while house sitting and having to call her to tell me how to break back in
implying my friend was bad at video games
not googling my name before trying to start a business with it
not knowing how to spell “waffle”
finding out I got my best friend pregnant
and got hit by a gang of girls
crapping in a bathroom at work.
spilling 10ml of printer ink to my desk and then to all carpet floor...
resetting the isolation clock
White Castle vs Ivory Tower
accidentally adding my realtor into a group chat
washing my penis with vegan body wash.
Changing to winter wheels
sexting my ex-husband my kink
by peeling off the scratch-off code
moving in with my bf
farting in my girlfriend's mouth while she was eating my ass
causing a meltdown in McDonalds almost sexually harassing a woman
vomiting all over my friends girlfriends kitchen
letting an innocent one slip out at work.
saying “I love you” to my boss
locking myself out of two different dorm rooms
CORONOVIRUS ENGLAND ONLY KIND OF...
and got a Diva Cup stuck in me
trying to connect my xbox to the internet
Shaving My Balls
blocking someone on instagram
finding my moms dildo
when I moaned loudly in front of my parents after my boyfriend spanked me.getting fingered
biting down on my 4yo daughter's finger without holding back
crying in forest
convincing my boyfriend to not look after me
SGSGSGSGSDGSDGSDG??
not bringing my car to pick up an item that was my recently deceased Grandmothers.
accidentally showing my dad naked in front of my whole class and only realizing it one year later. not asking questions about math class
and tried to get in a strangers car at the grocery store, while they were in it.,
accidentally saying the N-word behind my black friend.
playing on the wrong server in Valorant for 4 weeks
Dipping Tobacco When I Don’t Dip
accidentally recording me and my friends watching Hamilton
leaking dms and almost ruining my friends’ friendship
kissing my boyfriend which resulted in him ending up in the ER
doing pushups in an empty classroom.
walking around in the nip after a shower
googling my grandmas new bf not planning well and looking like death
having my bike catch fire
trying to bang my preschool teacher
getting embalming fluid in my mouth.
getting too high and watching someone break into my car
accidently cumming onto my keyboard and mouse.
LPT check your water filter
test
going to the toilet at night without turning on the lights.
keeping water beside my bed
I called the cops on my parents
looking up Citizen Kane
REPLYING TO A GROUPCHAT THAT WAS WAITING TO GANG UP ON ME
Not Listening to My Body
getting high in the hot tub
Uncomfortable after death conversation with wife
letting grow my finger nails
LPT Don’t suck foreheads
slightly relying on my groupmates and putting too much trust in the power of teamwork
pooping with no electricity
dry heaving and puking in front of my niece
having morning sex with my GF
not locking the restroom door at work.
texting my spouse a futa porn title
getting drunk and pouring vanilla extract in my mouth at the store, then getting escorted out of the store.
Stolen stuff
stopping a theft after buying weed
getting inspired by Elon Musk and Tried to get things done.
destroying a cake at work
getting an X-ray on my pelvis
because I'm a coward
living next to a criminal.
getting nervous.
rejecting a girl who had a crush on me
seeing my ex-best friend for the first time in 7 years
constantly pursuing academics and expectations that give me no pleasure or meaning in this life.
telling a lady asking me for money that I didn’t speak English... in perfect English
doing stuff with girl who had strep
using Cottonelle wipes out of the same re-fillable box for a year
crying like a waterfall during a date
not knowing where they kept the water and then having my supervisor clean my own puke off me.
locking myself out of two houses coz I was too high.
swearing loudly while my mic was on on a work call
sacrificing my chicken for my cat.
but boding myself and ending up in the ER whilst trying to hook up
Lookin for a friend
not eating the best
falling asleep on Reddit
sending 2 classmates (one of which is a coworker) a pic of my ass in thong panties
confusing two very different body parts
almost becoming an involuntary Mr. Hands
pretending to be my friend
showing a girl my facial hair
blasting Japanese Anime Music to my online college lecture.
having a full circle Valentine's day
getting taki head
trying to drive on acid
falling asleep listening to reddit
DUDE SEX LMAO
writing this
I should’ve read his post more closely.
sending nudes to a blackmailer
Getting stuck in the mud at night (also, screw you, google maps)
making a post about car trims, being a bigot, then being harrased for a few days
angrily rejecting a not needed service
getting steel in my eye and needing to get it drilled out.
making my (ex) best friend think I killed myself.
cancelling my Winter Formal date.
running over a snake, thinking it was a stick
texting a guy
not listening to my wife.
not checking if I had a pan before baking
leaving a kitten with a broken paw in her cage with an open door.
freezing my AC unit
not reading the label on the bottle and then not checking the bathroom door
today I f*******ucked up by stoking mother debitte card
forgetting to recharge my Bluetooth earbuds
losing my doodoo tool the the neighbours
bringing shit for lunch
crashing a funeral
looking under my younger sister's bed and ended up getting her grounded
almost loosing my hand when I wanted to prove that I could bite through nearly everything
I accidentally ate a plate slathered in PB
well I got a toothbrush cap stuck up my ass
not looking both ways before crossing the road
thinking I could go outside like everybody else
telling my parents I thought I had a cold.
telling my big sis that I read gay incest fanfictions
walking in on 2 family members in the bathroom on Xmas Eve.
flooding a space with 400 gallons of jet fuel.
forgetting my password, resetting my phone, and losing everything since 2016
becoming closer to my crush and it changed to her looking down to me in a horrible way
drinking a month old Gatorade
listening to advice on the internet and cleaning my own ears, causing a chain reaction of health problems that last to this day
putting my hand on a burning hot grill
getting caught masturbating (an extension of my last
not reading a DNR and almost letting my patient die.
eating 13 chicken wings, an uncrustable, a bottle of Tito’s, and a pint of ice cream
bringing a bag of spiders to my friends house and unleashing them
trying a sativa infused drink for the first time
killing a man
keeping a sex toy in my dormroom drawer
telling my future father-in-law that something was a "hand-job"
making a milkshake taste like eggnog
slapping my wife in her sleep for thinking she was dead
beating my dick so hard I ended up with a bruised face.
dropping my skirt in front of a busy intersection and an undetermined number of highschoolers.
messing with my sister
I see your FibreOne fart story, and raise you my FibreOne shitting myself story
taking the label off a water bottle
almost getting caught jacking off by mom
with twitch
Hurting My Tailbone during Exercise
signing a lease worth over half a month's pay
slapping my brother at the thanksgiving table
using Just For Men on my eyebrows
giving my girlfriend blue clit
being a 27 year old male watching VRporn in parents house and getting caught by mom
leaving my phone open while going to sleep.
sending a NSFW furry animation to my classmates for exam project
letting my boyfriend cum on my face (NSFW)
running from a bee
forgetting to switch off my camera during online class and worked out in my sports bra instead.
texting my dad.
not stripping my wife.
using CBD to jerk off
taking the pills in random order instead of following the progression dates
sitting in the bath for two hours and got a UTI and an infection right before my vacation
making an edgy joke
not understanding how luxury baths work
tricking my friend into thinking I had gotten 1.3k people on reddit to insult him on a subreddit.
thinking I could replace my window motor by myself in the parking lot of my apartment complex
Tofu by eating too many almonds
letting a Tinder Date scam me $40
typing my school's email instead of mine when signing up to an app
making an OnlyFans and sending the link to my old classmates
The Demon Casper
forgetting about my promise to my wife
measuring my penis
finding out how Instagram stories work
Herbal Tea is a Healthy Option?
fake-executing a fellow comrade
Bleached my hair
turning into a 'big tiddy anime girl' for my husband.
using the scrubber used to clean toilet to scrub myself.
at the gym shrinking my boyfriends brand new Carhartt WIP shirt
speaking English and learning some Catalan
telling my dentist Joe Biden won the election.
having an orgasm on a massage table
testing lipstick in a makeup store
naively thinking a fart was safe
Loving "Nummies" A Bit Too Much (and how it cost me $20k)
accidentally telling my amazon delivery driver to fuck off
joking about a handjob to my teacher.
chucking a random branch
living life commando.
leaving the garage doors open all night
fake farting in a public bathroom
Sleeping with a married women and ruining my friendship
accidentally giving papa John's business info to dominos
jamming my seatbelt in my car door
making my dad throw up after I shat myself in the elevator of our apartments building
asking my mom how the vet visit went
buying my sex toys with a debit card
for itching my leg
drowning myself in the American culture/lifestyle and effecting my mental health
and learned Nair does not do well on the vag
making stupid jokes
telling my wife that some random woman texted me.
putting my untouched coffee somewhere stupid.
sleeping with my best friend
yelling at my coworkers husband over the phone
engaging a Publix employee on the fresh vegetable aisle
picking the option of getting roasted when a stranger on tinder asked if I wanted a pickup line or a roast. Of course he said some mean things, and now I'm crying but I feel stupid because I asked for it and holy smokes I'm sensitive AND an idiot and that's just bloody great.
accidentally eating edibles before a Family Christmas Zoom call
trying to steal a sign before the holidays
nachos
using plastic spoon to mix MCT oil into coffee
breaking my laptop
forgetting what was my ringtone
saying a word in another language that sounds very similar to the English word “f*ck”
Auto-erotic asphyxiation and anal fingering a dog
TIME FOR CHANGE!
how i welcomed a coworker.
making someone's dad search my phone and find gay porn
being aggressive with a razor my girlfriend bought Me
peeing on another man’s shoes.
taking a .5 gram of hash after a 2 month T break
engaging in self-care
I knocked over the $10,000 imported tuba, breaking it possibly beyond repair
not moving the kitty litter before an important meeting
using Nair on my back hair while my kids were out
letting a random podcast ruin my favorite pastime
revealing my friend's cheating
writing a list
Got a perma ban in r/memes
buy enjoying cold eye drops
using hair products on beard.
forgetting our new table location
leaving Facebook signed in at the apple store
installing dropbox and accidentally deleting all of my movies and files saved in downloads.
licking the popcorn bag
not checking my shoes before putting my feet in
pissing myself and then making it a lot worse.
gapping out that we take Apple Pay
almost choking my 6months old son to death.
skiing off a tall mountain with almost no experience in the past
having my offer of admission to my future university rescinded feeding my cat treats after eating popcorn.
I Accidentally Called An Elderly Man A Racial Slur In A Store
changing my wallpaper
not mixing a drink
arguing with my teacher
going to the gym high
mixing up the names of two indian co-workers who are 20 years apart.
making a phallic pizza at the pizzeria I work at
having awesome sex
sending $500 to the wrong person on PayPal
using my youtube account you watch hoe-tos on making stuffed animals
sending a porn link to my top recent contacts which included my mom very early in the morning.
masturbating with a fleshlight
sending my friend a private discord link
watching a bad anime
thinking my wife said she was into going to a swingers club.
"not working" all the time.
telling my mentor his work sucked
using my brother’s bidet without his permission.
strangling my One Eyed Warrior...
not taking a photo of a 69 fast enough
seeding
sending feet pics to my university
getting caught jacking off in the worst way possible.
accidentally selling my dog
forgetting we had iced tea during a busy dinner rush at work.
trying to film myself bench pressing
Me(27M) misses very obvious signs(in retrospect) that a women(32F) likes him
Dm me for nudes, i’m a male
myself along with two friends made another friend cry. Then proceeded to make the situation worse by pulling a silly stunt.
accidentally eating spoonfuls of bugs
helping my crack head neighbor pick up a weight bench for her foster kids
eating a spicy chicken sandwich.
dropping my E-bike battery outside my workplace causing a small fire
Think I fucked up by smoking an entire J at my future in laws
Where did that cash go?
sending a NSFW-ish pin to several group chats
using a vibrating butt plug
sending gay texts as a joke and getting them used against me.
Mixed up days
taking six cannabis mints before a 15 minute drive home
Bite mark for a month because i am an idiot!
trying to be funny after pre-gaming
I cracked my worst joke on my teacher
not knowing what Prune Juice does to your insides.
accidentally getting drunk at work
answering my GFs call on speaker
making a mean joke about my sister in laws mom trying to kill her
Indonesia has fly taxi
Watched all the run the guantlet videos including deleted ones
having a weird thought
buying a house in a flood zone without flood insurance
losing out on over 2 grand in pay.
letting my best friend be a bad techie
homebrew new years Eve blackout
making a joke about suicide in front of a friend who recently lost a bf to suicide.
having a panic attack and running a red light because of CAPITAL LETTERS.but actually 4 years ago creating my account on a leap day.
teasing my boyfriend about his biggest insecurity
Super speeder 🙃
gifting my girlfriend a pest control ring
not sealing an envelope properly.
I shot my grandma
Realising I should've done something in my life.
not cleaning out my shower drain
asking a deaf guy for his name.
being one of the only people to come out of Covid with one job too many.
sending lesbian anime porn to a girl I considered a friend.
being very forgetful and wasting time and gas
forgetting to mute in chorus class
having a doctor and a partner with a similar name
I’ll never sext my bf again
living my worst nightmare.
cutting my balls open
drawing a joke Nazi drawing
microwaving fish in the microwave.
losing my turtle that I haven’t even owned for a day.
impersonating a delivery boy and getting locked out of my car
taking a hot shower
Making A Huge Mess Trying To Do Laundry While Half-Asleep
sanding my finger tips!
commenting that a former student was "so grown up" while staring at her chest, but I didn't mean it to be pervy. I was talking about the fact that she was in college. Her college logo was on her shirt.
giving a courtesy flush.
creating a knife-blockade in my postal service's collection box
making my own pocket pussy
Spaming teachers grub
showing my massive dick to my family
Church girl loses her relationship over pictures I took
posting a picture of an infected penis.
sitting down to pee
getting caught with my girl by her aunt
realized I haven't washed my newborn since she was born.
not counting my steps
giving a homeless person a home and making him homeless again (UPDATE)
risky clicking a
installing cheap aftermarket parts on my car.
I accidentally maybe came out to my entire PSE class
trying to set up an online account for a new credit card
giving a guy a couple bucks outside of Chipotle.
shaving my pubic hair and giving myself razor burn of the century
having an unconventional sexual encounter with my girlfriend, which ended in a river of brown backdoor juice and blood
running barefoot
trying to record the doctor giving stitches to my mom.
Got banned today from Playstation
Possibly Breaking Up My Close Friends
parents id never met walked in on us in their living room
taking my friend hydralite
missing my work day and working my day off
being rude to my uncle to which I thought was my brother
borrowing a friend's car and almost causing a terrorist case to be filed against his grandmom.
Fucked up my life. Perhaps time for a reset button?
accidentally losing my first reddit account forever
wearing panties on my face in Wal-Mart
suction cupping a dildo to my forehead
ordering lube from Amazon
Gf
harrassing the DHL driver who has my package
A Long Time Ago I Called A Black Man A Bad Word To His Face Without Realising
accidentally trespassing while I was exploring my new town on a bike.
setting an alarm on my phone and broke it.
getting mad at my dad.
Destroying my bike while drunk
giving a lady hope that her husband would live
getting high and accidentally getting peppermint essential oil in my eyes.
strongly suggesting authentic mexican tacos for dinner to my bf even though he said it might not sit well with him.
oversleeping and missing my online class
not realising I had testicular torsion
and missed out on a potentially great Valentine’s date. sh*tting my pants in class. Toilet ran out of paper so I had to use my socks to wipe it
letting in some fresh air
I got caught sniffing my aunts panties.
calling my girlfriend with Bipolar Disorder crazy and sick
watching my mom and a stranger do it and I told my dad
accidentally deceiving my girlfriends parents I was broke and placing the money they gave me into stocks
asking my hairdresser for feet pics
pouring hot grease down the drain at my college dorm and causing many leaks in the building.
mentioning I found 10 cents
Inventing a time machine
for getting angry at the wife for buying pregnancy kits
telling my family my wife was going to die
stripping in front of an entire wedding
forgetting my 2 week old baby was sleeping with me
being excited about food at a funeral luncheon
taking drugs from Mexico and turning into a porn star
not informing a girl that I speak English.
ignoring the messages that my body's sending me and ended up making a mess of myself
walking around with a strap on with my windows open.
Ruined 2 yr search for nice hotel for wkds away
for pranking my roommate
asking for ass dust
after lunch at work by appearing stingy
I accidentally bought off of amazon with an empty prepaid visa card (I think)
An ink pen exploded in my drier..
Don't cut the red strap while assembling a treadmill..
making jalapeno poppers
peeing in my pants 3 meters away from the bathroom and in front of my boyfriend
having a Muay Thai lesson when I'm extremely sedentary
being ripped at the grocery store
while changing baby's diaper
throwing a small fit in the middle of Target
taking the wrong drugs
accidentally showing my bosses and trainer porn part 2:
forgetting my towel
not helping a damsel in distress
dropping my girlfriend’s dead grandmother
letting the kids grab their own candy
sending a sex doll to my uncle
forgetting about Google Photos backup sync
accidentally mocking my teachers domestic violence
waving at my friends
being unfamiliar with Scottish culinary vocabulary
thinking my power outtage was normal
not knowing how cast iron works
creating a completely fake story to gain karma.
washing soft gel vitamins
hiking and almost having to call the fire department
reaching for my ‘water bottle’ in the dark at 2AM
confiding in my manager about a situation at work
sleeping through my final exam
putting out my birthday candle
falling asleep to a Nancy Drew playlist
switching gross and net pay

assuming the meaning of BBC and embarrassing myself
Jumping from 10 meters balcony but luckily...
forgetting my wallet at home
leaving a brand new score of herb in my laundry
Today, one candle melted it's holder, the other exploded.
celebrating my wedding anniversary
spilling 10ml of printer ink to my desk and then to all carpet floor... TL:DR
eating cake as breakfast
calling my gay friend the f-word
turning right on red lights in Italy
flashing the whole neighborhood with my bare bottom
not realizing the importance of this day...
TSFU by playing the wrong song
trying to run out of my in laws house naked to hide my food poisoning.
letting a boomer win
giving my gay boyfriend another chance
making my grandma think I was taking dick pics.
saying “jacking off” numerous times to a female co-worker in a very professional work space
purchasing a 4k TV
getting caught dressed up as a naughty school girl
This is who??
NSFW  accidentally cutting my balls while trimming my pubes and almost giving myself involuntary GRS
starting a fight with a fat kid.
when my ex-girlfriend walked in to find me in the shower with my mum.
getting caught masturbating by my preacher father
my visiting onlyfans on my work laptop
leaving my dog in the appartment
not wearing pants.
air-playing my Ass in front of 8 new friends
Coffee Head
almost sending my sister a dic pic on Christmas Eve and losing my phone in the process.
looking at someone’s post history
buying love gloves
CHUGGING cigarette ash and not learning my lesson.
being a loudmouth around the neighborhood HOA snitch.
accidentally threatening a business over a racist man
Nsfw  watching a porn and thinking my marriage was over.
swinging at my partner when she was hitting me
purchasing gas station salami the night before finals week.
bringing my pet Weasel to a Party
Getting a “prostate exam” at 13 years old
making myself look like a racist
setting my privates on fire
getting my own phonenumber wrong
When I Used The Wrong Dish
posting on the wrong messenger group
naming my notes something I shouldn't have
I accidentally called out a girl having her period .....
I caused a muscle car to run off the road
leaving my spunk covered tissue on the sink
telling an ispirational quote about being blind next to a guy with a glass eye.
Today I fucked up by thinking I could make a fun roadtrip
letting my emotions get the best of me when buying a present for my daughter ruining my relationship with my girlfriend.
forgetting about a tampon
crashing into a van
scaring an old lady
Toenail jamboree
being horny and bad sith money.
taking my cats to a party and how do you know if your nose is broken ?
forgetting the English synonym for arrogant
not taking prescribed meds for months and having a dr appointment tomorrow
going out
lashing out at my older cousin who I love dearly
doing the dishes
taking the wrong bus.
bg sleeping with my dog
having a laughing fit during an exam.
trying to fix a microwave
snooping on my boyfriends Apple Watch
making my neighbors think I was abusing my findom client
not waking up
not shitting for a week
not checking who sent the message in my college students group
ejaculating in my dog and liking it
forgetting to do my maths homework
backing a semi trailer onto a pressure washer.
breaking my footrest
almost accidentally bodyslamming my hotel roommate
walking by my sister’s room and accidentally seeing her topless.
By going to the wrong store and accidently spending $75.
Got caught
banging my head in the shower after orgasming
sleeping with my wife’s sister.
almost touching an art piece by Giuseppe Arcimboldo, and sounding an alarm which called security
calling my fiancée easy.
ordering a "Fireman Calendar"
complaining to my neighbour
accidentaly getting caught by mom while jerking off
ordering shirts from Japan and didn’t double check the size.
Hit a home run with a pretty Brazilian girl... while the red army was camping in town.
deleting over 100 of my digital sketches
masturbating with open drapes
cumming with my catfishing cousin
Backed into step dads car...
sneezing and breaking my phone.
driving around in a car with a cooking battery leaking hydrogen sulfide gas
shaving my bf’s head
slapping myself in the genitals during sex
jackknifeing a tractor and a 2 ton flat bed(trailer)
obliterating an innocent 2 year old
not knowing memos/comments on VENMO are public, customer asked about my anal beads
giving my neighbours dog a kiss on the head
messaging the wrong thread
scrolling through lesbian porn with my mom watching
sleep biting my boyfriend
refusing to be out under during a medical procedure
making my brain only like anime girls
Today I told a yo mama joke to a guy who had no mom...
cleaning the bathroom NSFW
I lent my housemate $48,000 CAD and he ran off to another country.
giving candy to a female friend just before Valentine’s Day.
blowing into my sweater at an assembly
waking up a homeless man at 3am
coming out on a group chat on Microsoft Teams before I found out that the admins can read it
Quarantine cuts twice.
Time-ifu confusing orgasm with organism
drinking a protein shake
Black Action Coalition: In a new year, the fight continues. walking in on my dad masturbating... again
drinking.
buying a prank gift that ended as mine.
thinking i got my mother pregnant...
shitting in the bucket.
sending my mom a rap video
Not Going To A Higher Grade When I Had The Chance
leaving my phone unlocked and my son forwarding a nude to my MIL
having my first period as a guy.
not looking out for my partner
locking my self out my hotel room, buttfuck naked.
(almost) dropping my AC out the window
liking Physics more than boobs
My Picture Day F**k Up
Saw a chunky squirrel and proceeded to call him so
making my husband suck my breasts full of milk
applying toxic superglue directly to my fingertips giving myself five mini chemical burns
I own a fire place underit it are some lights also a part of the instalation was made of wood it catch fire with the lights one i trow water all myhause without electricity
Accidentally getting a kid attacked by two dogs and getting those dogs put down
sending a hardcore porn subreddit to my girlfriend's entire family days before Christmas
trusting myself with a fence
Did I kill this bird egg?
for breaking a school door
meeting 4 girls I barely knew with my friend.
telling what I "actually" think about my co workers age.
accidentally molesting a cow
for panicking and walking out on a teacher who caught us bunking lessons
buying a sex toy on amazon
losing my car keys in an adult store's video booth arcade
hitting my MIL in the breast.
showing my professor my dick
I almost got away with cheating on my exam but didn't the night before
going to school.
forgetting about a used condom in my backpack for a year
This is a test.
sticking my controller grip to my forehead ad making a giant circle on my head
thinking that if I sprayed a freshly hatched spiders nest on the ceiling, thousands of baby spiders weren't just going to web down and land on me.
starting patrol early, end up doing something illegal
getting high and craving hash browns
falling down from my terrace into shit
dragging a pheasant to the supermarket
saying “have fun” to my friend who was going to visit her grandma who is passing away
telling a girl I like her, then taking it back with an excuse
getting pantsed by a segway
leaving a bomb note and almost getting my dad fired.
getting caught in a clusterfuck of codependency
deleting all my boyfriends game data
setting my oven on fire.
making a female fall in love with me
deart reddit i f**kxd up (No ban ples its sirius)
hotboxing in my friend's car
getting a coffee and scaring a child
finding out why the audio quality wasn't great
groping a teenaged boy's inner thigh in front of his mom
being nice to my cat
accidentally becoming a scooter thief
Target destruction 😈
LPT:  making an Easter basket for my daughter before sexy time with my girlfriend.
accidentally exposing a 40 man group of guys that had animalistic sexual tendencies in high school.
TUFU by selling my car to a dealership
getting my license revoked
Cleaning up my Spaghetti mess
Because I rarely post on reddit, the automated admin will delete my posts due to how infrequently I post and this is causing a form of censorship on what I would like to post in other trend groups
not tightening my saddle correctly
using /S and humor with an uptight Asshat. using the /S term and humor with an uptight Asshat.
making a joke too soon (maybe)
24M) told my girlfriend(26F) that i lied about my age
nugget thrusting my dads nurse and accidentally feeding it to a patient
By eating grapes
tainting vegan birthday brownies
accidentally booking a non-refundable expensive hotel stay with my work's travel agency.
mistaking the meaning of the word dancer.
checking my wife's Instagram account
going down on my wife after she had been having some stomach issues
talking about my motorcycle trip plans during dinner and joking about the tree of shame
my lies are leading to pain
This sub is becoming low quality sex fanfiction... again.
mistaking my shit for chocolate
my friend asked me to put some pics of herself on reddit
leaving sex toys out before a Landlord apartment inspection
updating my phone
chugging a warm protein drink and causing gastric bloat that prevented me from breathing properly.
Got stuck in Mud
forgetting how staplers work.
uploading the answers from another exam
making a "your mom's gay" joke
removing the NSFW settings on my phone.
making my nose bleed as I came
almost burning down the neighborhood
LPT:  trying to save my wife
Butt dialling my dad
lighting a candle in my bathroom
Today I fucked up by going through my dad's phone
trying to make make prawn crackers and dumplings at the same time
posting a dick pic on our neighborhood watch WhatsApp group.
spilling water on my balcony which dripped down through the gaps between the wooden panels on my neighbor sitting under the balcony.
a sad cake day
nearly drowning in a lake
NSFW-  sending a snapchat video meant only for my buddies to my entire family snap group
water soaking my bed.
trapping a teacher in a bathroom stall...
taking a dare from my daughter and her friends and burned the heck out of my fingers
faking my COVID test results to skip my last day at work
mispronouncing “comfortable”
accidentally putting diesel in my car
wearing boxers instead of briefs
stabbing my classmate In the arm
eating Ice Cream.
getting blackout drunk for the first time at my sister in-laws
looking unsavory things into a family computer
searching for a bands website on the family computer.
thinking food stuck in my throat would fix itself.
my giving my friend an age progression photo of her dead brother
putting my AirPods in that tiny pocket in my pants.
for clearing my throat
Forgot my Phone
scratching my Google Play gift card too hard.
I flooded my apartment. TF;DR
introducing my 14 year old nephew to Jon Lajoie on Youtube
today I fucked up by having the same account name as my old instagram that my stalker loved.
self harming
accidentally putting my nudes on my my Snapchat story
I almost burned the chemistry lab
having too strong a spam filter in my email and missing a job interview
mildly overdosing on Taurine
losing 6,700 bucks thanks by my big pants
threatening the maid with a police complaint
locking my family indoor for a few hours
not realizing deleting photos on one device deletes photos on the other
not kissing this girl
Open relationship trouble
not checking my phone’s audio output
By saying the wrong word in my U.S. history assignment.
being new to reddit.
being a racist kid.
trying to have a Tinder threesome
when I said "Then Beg" to my manager in a meeting when he said "I beg to differ on that matter"
letting my friend borrow my laptop
TFIU, for a couple of summers now I've.... have been Outsmarted By Frank
jerking off to a video of my Uncle's fiancée online, and then meeting her for the first time.
avoiding the news and offending an entire college.
almost putting my KINDNESS before my SAFETY
not taking my email seriously and missing my health insurance deadline
having a nervous breakdown that caused my Facebook account to be disabled.
putting creamer in a cup of soda thinking it was coffee.
taking too long to put my groceries in my bag at self checkout
almost shitting over a Wedding
I made a huge mistake and ended a great relationship due to pressures from a “friend” with an agenda playing on my past childhood traumas and anxieties. (37 F)
killing a fly.
fixing the radio at work and dooming myself.
FORBIDDEN PASSION
having a huge cumshot in my pants after 2 months of hold-up.
yesterday) by confusing the hadjob oil bottle with the hydro alcoholic gel bottle.
Nothing serious, still,
Shitpost I pooped in my sink
and made a problem even worse
not talking to this woman who was initiating a conversation with me because I was late
I broke a tripod I borrowed from college.
leaving a pumpkin in my room for a little over a month.
thinking this sub had actually good moderators
leaving parents car key in the handle overnight
letting a football hit me in the nuts.
forgetting that my dad is deaf
becoming delirious and being rushed to the hospital naked and covered in sperm
driving blackout wasted to get cigarettes.
getting blackout drunk at christmas lunch with my SO parents
going to a party filled with underage teens
screaming at night
jointing Twitter
drinking too much and missing Thanksgiving.
telling my coworker that dating coworkers is a bad idea.
sleeping with a SGT as a PFC
making a joke about not living with my dad
asking someone else to choose a banana for me
not realizing how many slices are in a tray of tomato pie
TI(maybe?)FU by cursing about someone on the phone while they were still on the phone
venting
My ps4 account suspended for having porn in the messaging. Because i use it to trolling my friends. And destroyed my friends childhood
failing to get the hint
getting my email blocked
opening the car door of someone I don't know
running out of gas on the freeway and reacting harshly to being called stupid for it.
listening to A Gay song, while not out, in front of my sister
messaging "nice chicks" instead of messaging "nice clicks"
getting into a strangers car.
I made my class think I’m gonna shoot them
I slept with other girl(not that way) and told it to my gf(brainfart)
not trusting my guts
talking my ass off and scaring off my first date in months .
Turning up at the wrong city for a very important presentation.Wanting to snap my glasses in half
Thank the heavens above for warrenties
isolating my girlfriend from her family.
T"he"fu wanting to tell a joke to his girlfriend
telling my sister that I was muted.
stating a coworker is from Africa
lying to my parents and possibly getting kicked out of college
not knowing they didn't have "Girls Gone Wild" in Canada
when I left my mic on NSFW?
not telling every barber I ever visited
accidently gambled away $600 of bitcoin
watching a nature documentary
telling my Mom about how I threw poop at an old lady.
I broke my Nintendo Switch by getting cum in it
getting stupid stoned and breaking my only controller.
TIDU by shaving my balls
sleep-walk-pissing and thinking that I was being haunted.
flinging a cigarette but outside the car window hitting my ear
TFIU by falling in love, ruining a relationship, and hurting myself
telling my grandpa to die through my whatsapp username
“coming out” to my grandparents
eating a spicy Indian dish
rickrolling myself.
walking into my husband's work conference naked
going drinking alone
my cum made silverfish
ignoring abdominal pain
forgetting to put a guard on my hair clippers
rick rolling a shit ton of people
waterboarding myself
wearing headphones to work (yesterday)
keeping my phone in my pocket
making myself deaf in the right ear
WELCOME TO CARIBBEAN CRUISE LINE VACATION. WE'RE NOW TAKING YOUR PHONE CALLS 24/7. BUSINESS IS BOOMING BECAUSE EVERYBODY WANTS TO GO THE BAHAMAS.
stealing with my dog
accidentally imitating a sound
forgetting it was a holiday.
deciding to approach a life challenge
drinking alcohol in my neighbor’s roof top I fell down the stairs and was hospitalized
spilling wine INSIDE my gaming desktop PC
failing to complete suicide after posting it on reddit
Surprise Your Mom With a Perfect Birthday Gift For Mother
doing my homework.
finding one of my students attractive
almost burning down my crushes house.
accidentally adding my friend into the wrong private story.
Wearing my first condom
leaving my wax my wax on my bed.
playing Trapwords with my family after drinking 3 large cups of tea over Thanksgiving dinner
I fucked up by falling for someone I shouldn't have
BIG TIME.
letting my wife wax my ass
leaving my Mic on during a zoom call
inadvertently admitting that I’ve gotten tested for STDs to my mom
sending my MIL a link to a vibrator
“blowing up” for most of the 4th of July
Taking a walk
taking advantage of an 18 year old girl
and got a speeding ticket
insulting someone during a suicide prevention speech
thinking I was friendlier with my boss than I am.
going to the dentist after 10 years of blissful ignorance letting my cat watch Youtube
washing my small woolen blanket in hot water
taking a joke too far...
trusting Microsoft when it said it wouldn't delete my files
Happy New Year
trolling on youtube, then emailing my professor.
overtipping my waitress
telling my boyfriend I was faking orgasms
being firm on the wrong person
breaking a 911 Dispatch Computer Keyboard
person has autism and has messed up teeth
getting hammered on accident.
cracking my head open
sending news of a Herpes Vaccine to the wrong person — a client, who paid us 130k last year and with whose intimate details I am certainly not familiar.
thinking I was being set-up with my crush but it was his dad and agreed to go to a swingers party with him
playing a tiktok prank on my amazing boyfriend and triggering a repressed memory.
having sex.
emailing a professional licensure board with my name as Dump Master
discovering my friends vibrator under her couch cushions
touching my face and feeding my Guinea pigs with habanero hands
Damn
screen recording a music video on YouTube
being too kind to my puppy
trying to kill a mosquito in the toilet, not knowing it was just drinking
Wtf
Helloooo :)
accidentally purchasing 1800 reddit coins.
The greatest online sex swindle I have ever experienced
subjecting my coworkers to my genius or my stubbornness, depending on how you see it.
getting static in my fingers forever
crashing into my brothers BMW
sleeping with my best friends husband
Today I fucked up by telling my MIL her mum was fine when she was in fact dead.
not double checking my work before handing it to my boss
Spidery
Yoo
texting my boyfriend that I got the biggest, blackest dick NSFW
joking about anaemia
telling a recovering alcoholic how to buy drinks
getting a stomach bug.
holding back a fart
My Dad's Story of Mistakes Made - The Beaver and Two Bros
Today i fucked up by getting too high with a girl i started dating
to pay an bill with appropriate words at a business dinner
choosing the hardest subject in the entire school
saying things I should not have said
not listening to my body, trusting a fart, and not checking
My mum caught me watching porn.
i wonder if i will ever be fully mature
using my finger to open a phone
googling my celebrity look alike
accidentally wearing someone else’s mask
I’m permanently blinded because I’m too incompetent to clean a broken glass.
being unorganized and irresponsible my entire adult life.
trying to clean my penis
20m from texas wants to chat with anyone m/f ...
LOSING MY PASSPORT and causing my mom, 9000km away, a severe anxiety attack
getting my ps4 account banned for 30 days
working out legs when I haven’t in 6 months
I lost friends because I made a horrible joke.
I accidentally (exposed) myself as a degenerate
Vape shot juice into my eye
That moment when your co-workers mother wants to chit chat with you in the middle of a serious zoom meeting 😂
By accidently joining a groupchat with a paedophile and a 13 Yr old
spilling popcorn got me kicked off public transit
doing butt stuff on Taco Night.
smearing shit on my dick
OH Hoalu radiator hold a radio Playboi Carti told me to take on a flight Delta airline spirit airlines tesla stock is a proctoscopy
taking care of my gut
broke printer of charity foundation
ordering lunch
giving our son carpet burn on his willy.
sending a really inappropriate text in the GC with one of my professors.
getting rickrolled (or its Instagram equivalent)
getting my car stuck on the beach
not paying attention and talked about Diogenes and death instead of answering the teachers question
getting a surprise blowjob
I pissed the bed at a work party and left it for my boss to clean
fingering my eye socket.
being too confident in Reddit
Following My Dad on Instagram
accidentally calling a Native American man “chief”.
taking my cousin to see santa at the mall
the whole steak dinner for the family.
using a "baby voice" at work
in a pandemic
Electrocuting Myself Repeatedly While Trying To Put Air In My Tires Like a Total Nitwit
jacking off for the whole neighborhood to see
UPDATE] by getting together with my brother-in-law and making our assholes kiss
taking acid and calling out my landlord for abusing his girlfriend.
turning on the stove and then going on vacation
for untying my shoelaces on purpose, then forgetting about it
using the word "cosplay" (kinda NSFW)
accidentally getting stoned while my wife was with her hospitalized father
accidentally eating my dog's vomit.
having a panic attack when o ran into my ex and his new girlfriend.
proclaiming to my maths class that incest in wincest'!
starting a hallway-Halloween war
for trying to save my phone from falling into the toilet.
Saying Questionable Stuff to a Female Friend of Mine Because I Am a Guy in Puberty
sleeping and now I can’t hear
trying to save a ladybug
taking the BK slogan flame grilled a bit to literally.
burning my ringhole out!
and bought a 100$ gift card I can’t activate
touching the tip of my dick to a hot mug.
giving myself a concussion while head banging.
sitting in my Minivan around the corner from work and Neighbourhood Watch called the police
having a walk
thinking someone was trying to break into my house and almost losing our kitten
thinking I could hold my pee until I got home.
Bored outta my mind
telling off the CEO of my job unknowingly and getting fired
sending nudes to a stranger and got blackmailed
leaving my window open overnight.
sitting in my office chair wrong and causing myself to end up with a major back injury.
bringing my bag carry on
thinking Baoding balls and Ben Wa balls were the same thing
throwing out my cat's poop.
sending from mistake a nude photo that was for my husband to a friend
not reminding my boyfriend to wash his hands THOROUGHLY after chopping up ghost peppers.
crashing my parents car
letting my foot fetish addiction get the best of me turning me into a literal slave.
buying lube and a big ass squash from the supermarket
playing too rough with my dog
adding a contact photo to a friend
Light Of The Universe. I f*cked up
thinking i was master of the sun
Today I fucked up by sending my crush a selfie at literally midnight captioned “Tell me I’m not irresistible”
dropping a picture frame three times in a row.
skinning my sister-in-law's cat
dropping tons of nude photos in front of my grandma before a funeral
Showing up to the Wrong House
using the wrong toothbrush
casually eating some shrooms
wearing a shirt with the union flag on July 4th
drunk with an asian person i had just met and when left one on one, i only talked about asian culture
thinking my headphones were plugged in
shitting my pants on the first day of school
that my dad caught me masturbating and punished me kinda harshly
trying a condom which helps you last longer.
leaving my neighbors meat pastries at Walmart
by not realizing that anyone using my laptop could access my nfsw accounts
kissing a sea lion
blasting Pacman Music in my class.
getting my husband and I locked in the bathroom
Today I accidentally texted my boyfriend's mom she was a b!tch.
disregarding my need to fart during sexy time with potential gf
a bending down while wearing a skirt
ruining a whiteboard and creating a permanent reminder that I'm a quitter.
eating skittles out of my girlfriend her pleasure cave
having hot sexy sex cum etc
prank calling a Mental Health helpline ended up getting therapised
gaining the confidence to get closer to a girl
doing acid with my friends.
Gf caught me having sex with man in her lingerie
sending memes
having a porn addiction
coming out to my teachers.
Laughing At My GF
buying a used car and then wrecking into their mailbox.
writing porn with my best friend
BOGO Saturday! Accidental racism AND sexting dad!
Writing about the Mandela effect in my SOP and sounding like a nutter
losing my spot at the 4th best college in my country because I wrote something wrong in the form
missing my cake day
mistaking hallucigents for candy and taking 8x the safe dosage.
accidentally friend requesting my ex on Facebook after I just deleted her as a friend
being embarrassed of my fathers job in front of an asshole
Rumba and puppies don't mix
Eating Ants.
lord
losing my car and house keys on the worst possible day to make this mistake.
telling a dude that was buying a nudie magazine that he was wearing too much clothes
assuming it knew where it was going.
dating a sleep-talker
admitting to my co-workers that my wife, Ogtha, is an "imaginary" giant roach. (An update of sorts to my prior from 5 years ago.)
eating an almond chocate bar without thinking
being naked in my boyfriends room and his little brother walked in!
farting on a zoom call
for getting "robbed" in the Hamptons of a precious commodity and letting it happen?
meeting the cop face to face I cut off in traffic - on rollerblades.
forgetting my interviewer's name
trying to make my hair softer
And yelled CANCER at the worst time....
buying a moped
and might have broke my nose with an appliance dolly
giving my boss a bro hug
for sending an audio cursing a teacher in a group with all my teachers
accidentally getting Bengay on my coochie
Test post
getting filmed having sex in my car at my faith-based hospital, and not with my wife.
from a few years ago) by not protecting my phone password
I forgot to check for toilet paper and that's all i will say.
Impulse buying in a pandemic.
falling asleep on virtual class
listening to Michael Jackson
classically conditioning my puppy
sitting next to my sleeping friend while he got pranked
A useless drive of money waste
I'm not even that old
Drowned my phone in coffee
I gave my friend my reddit username.
Thank you!
eating cake
going from 69 to 100 real quick
accidentally finding my moms gigantic purple dildo
having too much sex.
falling in the Danube while on a date with a girl.
accidentally soaking my mask with piss and wearing it around for hours
snorting bird chili powder
when I went on a tinder date &amp; my date threw up while i ran away
not knowing how to ride a bike in a city
popping a pimple on my brothers back...
accidentally sending a blushing-faced-dick sticker to a public WhatsApp group
Too many 🅱️eans
accidentally spraying myself in the face with Raid
ripping open my scrotum while carrying a camping cot
letting my dad do me a favor
trying to donate blood and accidentally entering a military zone
SOFTWARE DEALS
waiting last minute to do and assignment and getting a zero because of a glitch.
sending my dog on the mail lady
getting touchy with a girl at a party
swearing at a nice elderly lady
drinking a beer at work at 8am
burning my face
I fucked up installing a home bidet.
showing my secret path to some Persian warriors
Saying Yes
ruining my relationship
giving award to my friend for the size of his dick on reddit
teaching toddles to swear.
going to a Covid-19 testing camp
getting extra hot sauce while under extreme emotional duress
thinking it would be safe for a bit of ‘adult time’
learning im slightly related to my fiance
drinking too much
forgetting its halloween
taking sleeping pills instead of vitamins
for lifting my leg up on the couch
tossing a roach in the snow.
teaching my niece a new word
and stole from my job
deciding to try butt stuff whilst on vacation
attempting to kill a cockroach, left for drink and came back with it gone.
splitting my head open by not learning how to smoke
TIFUE compilation!
thinking i could have sex while my roommates weren’t home.
drinking too much on antidepressants
getting caught attempting to suck my own peepee
my overconfidence that I could drive a scooter
when I Left my MIL without a bed.
sending my dad a link to a NSFW pic
AM I BEING CRazy!?!
getting snot on a strangers phone
getting "Fleeced"Accidents happen
playing Kids Against Maturity
I thought a lymph node was a muscle knot
I went to urinate in a bathroom that smelled like sh*t... when I came across the toilet I realized that I had made a mistake.. it was all sh*ted and the water thing was not working.. but gets worse.. when changing cubicles, someone was already waiting to go in...
Shat myself near my neighborhood.
not wanting to look like a punk in front of my crush
my Gallows humor strikes again
thinking my cousin could handle a job
letting my girlfriend borrow my car when her locks in her car door we’re frozen
Getting up too Fast
using rubbing alcohol as contact solution
accidentally spoiling Endgame for my little brother
assuming a small website I found years ago would still be alive.
Taking a shit next to a guy who committed suicide
trying to be a nice person for a week and help people on the street.
While cleaning the ice cream machine at work
Because my family had shattered apart because of 105$
Donating Plasma
Today I fucked up by not checking to make sure the gas station bathroom was stocked with toilet paper.
a factor of 1000.....literally.
Getting in Big Trouble at School...
Meta: is the life pro tips thing an on going April fools day joke?
Destroyed my 400$ laptop because I raged at among us after getting it only a month ago
accidently watching porn at work
accidentally asking a waitress for something very 'off the menu' in my terrible French
Wrong file format for assignment got me kicked outta law school.
leaving a bowl in a bush at my girlfriend's grandma's house
Today i fucked up by painting my walls blue with ink.
Learning to Pronounce Paradigm
quiting my dream
accidentally drunk texting my ex repeatedly.
Falling in love with my best friend
leaving my car running in the garage all night.
after my sister didn’t like my rapping so I gave her the finger.
drinking a mocha
going home to see my mom in the hospital, and not reading my college’s handbook beforehand
expecting my sister to be able to connect the Switch to the T.V. by herself.
TIFY by giving 20 dollars to a stranger
not deleting browser's porn suggestions before Zoom session with my teacher
my electric scooter break by my neighbors ;-;
laughing a girl’s dead dad
accidentally throwing water
losing my earbud silicone cushion while out running and stuck uncovered device into ear canal causing irritating swelling and discomfort.
confusing sweetbread and sweet bread reading about world news in front of my father
Sold an iPad and was paid through Venmo. Few minutes later, found out Venmo doesn’t allow purchases of goods and services.
slicing my finger open during Lockdown
letting my tutor read gossip about him
sneeze or bless you?
making getting expelled in a time period of 1-2 weeks.
using cooking oil incorrectly
sending my substitute English teacher a meme forgetting a paper bag
calling the cops on a black man.
Reiki Level 1 Knowledge Can Do Wonders
My Chiwowwow
trying to get petty revenge on an ex
revealing my true feelings towards my classmates accidentally
posting something random and very cringey from the dota 2 reddit to someone I barely know by accident
doing a prank using minecraft enchantment table language
gassing my wife with chlorine
laughing when my teacher said "Suck It"
not punching someone's face in, when I should have
expecting someone to know how to unzip a file
accidentally head butting a girl’s boobs
assuming a raccoon could be killed in one shot
and remained a virgin
laughing during a drug prevention presentation
chugging hot sauce
interrupting a popular musical.
shaving my pubes for the first time
being a bit to enthousiastic in class
trying to eat my dentists finger
ordering dish towels from Amazon (NSFW)
when I wore hospital underwear as a shower cap
saying 'Press F to pay respects' on my grandfather's death anniversary.
sending my dick to a Skype catfish, then pissing them off for the next few hours
messaging a stranger online
Told my fiancé she’s pathetic- kinda
dropping the mic on French national day
ruining Santa for my 6-year-old daughter
stabbing myself in the hand...
French fries
trying to help my hair
Please take for good grade
accidentally talking smack to my brothers gf
not making a payment deferment plan for college
forgetting to throw away the condom
knocking over the $10,000 imported concert tuba, possibly perminantly breaking it
telling the Barnes &amp; Noble clerk “You too” when she said “Enjoy the books.”
saying that abusers dont deserve sympathy.
actually following the UKs suggested lockdown rules
trusting a stranger and his psycho gf to let me spend a night in a hotel room in LA after dropping off mutual friends at the airport.
trying to be empathetic
getting hit on the head at work and puking.
Having my Best Friend Try and Blow Me
Место назначения неизвестно Агата Кристи Читает Игорь Князев 2018, дете...
TDIF by faced deaths, then decided to come out.
Forgetting My Hot Dogs
having sex with my wife on valentines day
I shouted ‘big girthy cock’ at a child
telling my friends that I fear losing them
not unfriending this dude
trying to pick locking my front door.
Today I Fricked Up) and Messed Up Big Time
accidentally sexually harassing on of my coworkers.
not reading my syllabus
tickling my girlfriend
accidentally destroying a $50 dollar PSU, a $100 Graphics Card, and a $250 CPU Buying Some Merch
I cut my fucking asshole)
looking through my grandmas bookshelf, ended up traumatised
I've been overpaying my data plan for 2 years
getting my homework printed
buying a fleshlight from wish.com
I NEED AN HACKER TO CHANGE MY SCHOOL GRADES
uploading a penis doodle to a client's website
almost letting someone die because I thought they were pranking me.
farting and not claiming responsibility
getting way too emotionally attached to a online person and crying that they now disabled their account
helping my son name his squad
saying « rape » instead of « flight »
washing my dog
not posting on reddit on my cake day
embarrassing a guy in front of his fiance.
putting a fork in the toaster
yelling at an old man in a wheelchair.
telling new acquaintances that my mother is dead
screen projecting an inappropriate video onto my family tv.
not making up sex stories for karma and awards.
telling my girlfriend I want to do her, in front of her mom
Making vulgar jokes at study group
shouting at a mother and daughter for being slow.
Calling Myself the 'Ultimate C*ck'
putting dry ice in my mouth
TDIFU by spilling my coffee in a store
Oh the thinks you can think when you're trying to make a drink :AKA:  making curdled pina colada
going on pornhub and nearly getting a virus
not checking my email and now being stuck in a different country
re-enacting an anime scene for my boyfriend
How I got suspended by crashing 90+ computers in seventh grade
blurting out a co workers name during sex with gf
picking up an extra shift at my job
trying to bleach/lighten my hair
accidentally outing myself to my most certainly homophobic dad
TIDU by water plastic succulents
damaging several vehicles with an extension cord
being late for college enrollment.
forgetting what my dog ate in the morning and spending 2500$ at the vet, unnecessarily.
opening a can of Pepsi
mixing up two hospitalized people
taking a bunch of MDMA and LSD and messaging acquaintances
Today I fucked up by asking a lady if she was ok
blurting out “Fuck! I’d fuck him in the ass all the time!” on a Zoom call
Wearing The Same Pants I Wore Yesterday
doing the math on Svens' (reindeer from frozen) age and realizing he is nearing the end of his lifespan.
cutting into a funeral procession during a blizzard
writing "I cut myself" on a friends arm
being impatient and trying an electric body and bikini razor.
Accidently sent a shit pic to all my friends on snapchat
Accidentally Telling A Hairstylist About My Sexual Habits
because I missed a meeting
sometime about 14days ago
trusting a keyboard shortcut
not wearing my flipper for a year
asking some kids if they wanna shred on a snow day.
eating the wrong food
Embarrassing a Fellow Redditor
My upbringing turned me into a narcissist and I hurt a girl I really loved and I don't think she's coming back
getting a tonsillectomy and thinking my recovery would be simple.
making a funny joke at a party
standing up from my bed after a nap
doing 100 squats after not exercising once for a year
Shortcuts don’t exist!!
biting my 7 year old daughter
being with an escort girl from my hometown.
Dear Well today my car fucked up
locking myself out.
thinking that fart-like noises from within the intestines don't make an actual sound because they're inside.
taking a dump at Domino's Pizza
trying to save a dog poop bag...
almost hitting a motorcyclist
not cleaning up my dog's shit
copying a random creepy pasta and pasting it in notepad on my coworkers computer for him to find and have a laugh.
holding my boyfriend’s uncircumcised penis while he peed
quoting Rataouille during sex and trying to finish the movie afterwords.
looking at my currsed grades
eating too many cookies
taking DMT before work

losing $1200 USD in a crypto currency scam.
I traumatized my mother sexually TL;DR
using my wife’s towel.
and I really hope I don't get fired
being not saying hi to my crush
jacking off to an underage girl
FUCK MY LIFE
(almost? Kinda?) getting scammed
making the police think my class is going to do a school shooting
Opening a Facebook message on a work laptop
trying to make dinner.
sexting my boyfriend
clogging the toilet mid dump after curry night
playing the torture game
Today my friend fucked up.
thinking I could be a cool kid on the roof
letting my dad's brand new drone fly into a tree
and met my best friend on Tinder
NSFW) by giving myself Blue Balls (still happening)
promising someone a free $200 and having to give it to them
cock blocking myself NSFW
making a generally avoidant girl, terrified of me.
throwing molten hot coffee on my girlfriend.
having sex whilst high *NSFW*
An ass-slappingly good time was had by all in Walmart
taking my girlfriend to the “Uncut Gems” movie.
not reading the washing labels before cleaning my $300 beanie
mixing up my words and saying something completely different
locking eyes with the in-laws as I climaxed
complimenting my wife's sister on her beautiful boobs
trying to answer the phone
forgetting I had a work meeting today
leaving my door open for my cat
disturbing a yellow jacket nest.
using my toy....
helping an elderly man make a deal
Friend got tricked by people in power (in high positions)
walking into someone else apartment. It was nice for two seconds.
replying to a girl with a smug joke in the GROUP CHAT!! FUCKkk!!!!!
having a nice ambient fire.
buy forcing my beef stick into my wife's mouth.
finally looking up 2 girls 1 cup
faking being missing so my face could be on a milk carton
not putting lock in my bedroom door.
doing my benchmarkcbackwards.
sticking my toe in my dogs a**.
putting a ceramic plate down on a wooden table
Gaming
not muting myself in the zoom class.
LPT:  investing all my money into a business with irresponsible business partner.
grabbing the wrong pair of socks
at work and I keep sabotaging my whole life
not having a plunger at home
taking a seat in my husband's office chair with no clothes on
not taking a joke on discord and ruining any possible relationship with a girl who I like
my mom stood with me
trying to make my son finish a bite of food
reactions to me gfs BS!
eating a scalding hot snack
taking off my bra to watch Monday Night Football
accidentally almost skipping 5th period
accidentally implying my sister's boyfriend should take a shower with m
telling my date I never use sunscreen
righting my crush a love letter.
trying to find a good fireteam for Destiny 2.
Horny af anytime
giving myself accidental bangs
trying to masturbate during a power cut
bringing a knife to the airport
doing my job SOOO GOOOOD
not annunciating my words
sleeping through my science test.
accusing one of the head dealership HR managers of vandalizing a vehicle.
thinking having everything I wanted in life would make my suicidal thoughts go away.
nose-bleeding into a handful of sunblock in front of a girl
trying to dunk in a slippery ring
Today my fiancé fucked up
( my brothers story )  screaming to my mom and losing contact with my family for 2 years
getting my white powders mixed up.
consuming red icee and popcorn
losing my condom during sex.
locking myself out of my car
These Necklaces will make you feel confident !
Fake Name/Broken Hearts
misunderstanding a live video
not finding an Easter Egg for over 5 years
Thought I cleaned up a mess, discovered the worse thing possible.
fainting during sex
You don't throw those on the tennis court!!!!  peeing instead of cumming
accidentally revealing I like dark humor on a zoom call with my work colleagues
not telling my friend I had sex with a girl before he did
Hi
putting my head in a fishbowl before my daughter was born
doing magic mushrooms with an closeted colleague
buying whipped cream to spice things up
Ignore me
putting off getting a family doctor for years and my toilet giving me a bloody reminder that I no longer have body of a teenager.
i raged at minecraft .-.
crying while having sex
Sooooo
saving my cat from strangling herself
trying to julienne my fingers
filming police
drinking enough caffeine for an entire family every morning unknowingly
giving a bad timed statement a national television
greeting my crush and now she thinks I'm a creep !
busting my head through the wall of a female fitness center
I clogged my uncle's toilet at there really nice house.
trying to take a bath and flooding a house built in the 1800's
being poorly sarcastic
passing gas on my husband’s face
reporting a driver to safety
doing the one thing my parents always warned me about...
saying "I have green beans" on my company's flight coordination message board
getting my friend's PS4 account suspended for 30 days.
taking my 4 month old puppy dog walking
I told my girlfriend she looked like Charlize Theron in Monster.I told my gf she looked like Charlize Theron in Monster
playing CS
using a shaving razor instead of a oral brush on my tongue. (NSFW)
trying to repair the defroster on my rear windshield
almost killing myself with electricity.
missing both of my online lessons
screwing up my whole bachelors-essay and disappointing my parents.
losing my dormkey and being horribly unlucky
not eating in 24 hours
waiting too long to follow up about my meeting.
yanking my penis with shampoo as lube.
Calling my "Girl friend" B word by mistake.
Today is a milestone day. One in which the U.S.A. and the world will go down in infamy
getting rid of plushies
sending a text intended for one coworker to a group thread with all of our office staff
cutting my hair, great start to the weekend.
amp; got into a fight with a homeless person over him feeding his pet raccoon a slushy.
asking a woman if she’s sick
Cover rescue (tag out in general) not working
Potentially Scaring my Customer Away
I sent private and confidential settlement correspondences to my opponent
telling the wrong clients it would be a 40 minute wait.
showing my grandmother a beheading video
Sending gore
thirsting for a big time rapper and I got screenshotted and posted in his story
For my son...
doing the sex with the sex person
TIFUpdate to  leaving the bedroom door open
not closing my door when playing a porn game
grating ants onto my toast
screaming into a bath towel in front of my new female friend
having poopy sex
lying to my local shopkeeper
not asking for a dick pic before meeting up at his place.
Office plant smells of pee
eating ants
showing some customers my balls
Today I fucked up by losing a game
calling the gas company to smell cat turds
taking a phone interview in my CEO's office
Failed tree doctoring --&gt; nearly damaged neighbour's garden
Not Realizing A Woman Was Using a Bicycle As a Wheelchair
leaving my dildo in the bathroom
dropping my phone in my seed
cracking my back
LPT: Make sure you wash ALL the loose dye from your new bed sheets!
listening to the same soundtrack for 10 hours straight
not looking at the water bottle close enough.
GETTING BANISHED TO MARS  GETTING BANISHED TO MARS  GETTING BANISHED TO MARS  GETTING BANISHED TO MARS
drunk texting my crush
insulting the one-legged girl I'm intrested in.
saying goodbye to an intimate friend of 3 years
cleaning my windows as the google maps car passed by
I took laxatives
kissing my wife, causing thousands in damage to my house.
using the confidential waste (tame little story)
panic-buying an air conditioner I couldn't use
Is this normal?
shitting on my martial arts partner on my first ever class
saying a graphic monologue before killing a fish I caught
Red handed
skateboarding in the rain and eating jack in the box
making a milk frother explode
not telling my wife I had PTSD.
parrot grooming
because I think I just ate my airpods
Tifupdate - by buying my wife a sex book
telling my boyfriend I rubbed one out
telling my patient I was dating her boyfriend
bringing up a song to my gym coach.
dropping my 2 yr in the toilet
Today i fucked up by.........
almost getting a felony
falling in love with a virtual character
setting my mom on fire.
not being awake when FEDEX tried to deliver my package.
making my husband’s PS4 float 🤦🏾‍♀️
forming a mutiny at my job to locate and punish the individual who stole my brand new Airpods. accusing my coworkers of stealing my Airpods out of my backpack.
calling the Miami PD on accident
leaving an oily imprint on our hallway wall....and it won’t come off..
getting blackout and calling out friends
not going to the bathroom before running
trying to change my user folder name
wishing a female friend a happy international women's day but then reminding her that her sugar daddy is paying for her college tuition.
reporting a road rage incident against me without getting a witnesses plate # and resulting in me getting a fine.
I seem to have 2 left feet lately in my marriage.
at work by causing a voice outage
washing my greasy hair.
having extra security checks at the airport
TI
adding a girl on playstation and forgetting what I changed my call of duty username to.
leaving my phone outside
unknowingly using a full bottle of sex lube
spilling coffee in my laptop
sending my boyfriend a naughty email i
asking my friend if she’d been abused
accidentally vaping my buttcheek skin, and allowing others to as well
multitasking
watching a movie my father suggested
misreading my appointment book (hairstylist)
having a heated discussion with a girl Im seeing
People who got scammed
forgetting how short I am while holding an umbrella
inviting the janitor to look at my poop.
telling my sister that someone died, when they didn’t
slamming my own hand in the truck door
My mom found out about anime
Taking A Short Cut
Vegas Woes
My fever got worse after sex
having my parents find my BDSM restraints
dumping the Cheez-Its dredges into my mouth thinking it was gonna taste amazing.
being honest with my wife...
shipping cat litter to my boss's house
Smacking my girlfriend's mother's ass
wife travels and don’t want to watch porn
going to the Urologist
accidentally talking about my boyfriend’s junk over the car speaker when arranging a time to have sex
Quick covid19 survey
humiliating my girlfriend
eating 4 big Mac's which gave me a super heamorrhoid
parking in a reserved raking spot.
quoting Linda Shelby “keep your man belly full and his ball empty” to my wife.
peeing during sex with my new hot Tinder date
serving a middle aged woman a Wedge Salad she ordered
not inspecting my teakettle's desperate cries well enough
I was walking under a truck and hit my head on the trailer hitch so hard my legs buckled.
scaring a child
dropping my phone in the toilet
letting my teachers see my BROWSER HISTORY.
deciding it was the right time to leave my job.
baking homemade rolls for a cancer patient, who then suddenly died.
taking pictures of me and a stuffed dolphin on "adventures" for my niece.
about being employed to my friends and family and pretended to go to work for three months...
making a baby with a person who shouldn't be an uncle, let alone a father.
showing my dad my pocket pussy on purpose to get up votes on this sub but now i regret it
accidentally telling my granny that my sister died
swiping right on my ex on two dating apps
falling for an internet scam
Reddit please help!! This is for a psych project
training myself to pee after time I rub one out
possibly deafening my little brother
wasting my meager potential
telling a previous highschool acquaintance that she matured so much when she was in her early 20s.
I forgot to lock a door, and a raccoon caused chaos in my house.
getting so nervous while having sex with my crush, that I didn’t get an erection
Porn on company guest WiFi
getting tased by my grandmother
getting too high to deal with a tenant plumbing emergency.
accidentally making sexual comments about cheese in front of my foster family's friends!
assuming I was home alone.
going on a juice cleanse.
trying to buy porn online and my credit card locking my account.
fainting after standing up
saying no to my crush when she asked me out.
not taking a shower with my wife
Let's not fuck this up!
ruining the hottest sex I've ever had, by breaking my boyfriend's wrist and spraining my ankle at the same time.
trying to get some Good Karma
trying to catch a knife
getting morning wood after surgery (medical condition)
telling my grandfather its okay to borrow a towel fron my room
shouting so hard at my kid in a public space that people stared.
not hanging up the call..
getting angry at my mum, and then 3 hours later she find out a childhood friend had passed away
breaking my glasses and going round looking like a jerk
getting waxed after a freshly healed cesarean scar
giving my dog fried chicken bones
Posts that don’t happen the day of should start with IFU
cooking meth
eating an oreo
NSFW] by having a baby!
editing a comment and making it so the heart got removed.
using my mom's CVS card
making my alarm clock snooze so often it gave up on me
thinking I was lactating
asking nephew for a funny story for Dad's eulogy, got way more info than I wanted
working on a hospital with no oxygen
buttplug in airport
getting really high and eating chocolate.
posting a meme to my workplace twitter account which got it suspended and lost all its followers.
leaving my headphones on
not closing all of my 'fun' tabs
Tonight I asked to be tucked in
muting my computer speaker during a team meeting WHICH APPARENTLY ALSO UNMUTES THE SKYPE MICROPHONE
swallowing googly eyes as a prank and slitting my anus.
causing my son to play my remixes for my wife
playing a buged game, giving me nightmare fuel
attempting to use the disabled toilets at my school
masturbated with exfoliating body wash. (NSFW)
that I typed something and everything went worse
realising I lost BOTH my daughter's
calling an autistic kid a brainless retard
leaning against a wall in which I had already made a crack in before.
leaving food in my locker for over 3 months.
googling things from from an Ask reddit post of things you should never google.
scarring my niece for life
accidentally saying the N-word to my class of high schoolers
spraying an old woman with alcohol in the face.
eating too much hot sauce and vaping
Caught by the horny police 🚨
trying to update windows
allowing ALL of my text messages to be forwarded to my mom's iPad.
peeing on my psychiatrist's couch at an appointment.
accidentally asking someone who HAD been kidnapped if they have Stockholm syndrome.
buying groceries on sale
asking my brother why he keeps his guns in a safe and making things awkward
Letting A Balloon Haunt My Wife
not taking out the bins before going on a holiday for two nights, leading to a maggot parade throughout my parents' house.
giving myself a hickey on the forehead
eating four and a half bags of sunflower seeds
pissing myself in front of Secret Service
making my Professor cum
being a closet alcoholic
breaking my No-Fap streak
peeing on the back of my pants in a Michaels
accidentally impersonating Lil Wayne
I knew I had ants and now I have bites all over my butt.
forgetting my pee sample in the hospital waiting room
searching for a rap groups website on the family computer.
thinking I had a tumor.
not heeding the cautionary tales of users before me
watching old VHS tapes and finding my parents’ sex tape
getting bitten by a stray cat
trying to have a quickie with my wife before her parents came for breakfast.
jamming the USPS box...Ate something bad and it got worse.
just trying to enjoy some damn pie for breakfast
looking at this subreddit
giving my 7th grade french teacher a VHS of bikini carwash my dad had on the bookshelf.
when I left the kids in the hotel room and so I could drink at the hotel bar
i let my dog eat chocolate
being dense
burning my mouth during chemistry
donating my rapunzel hair
reading my English teacher Jojo smut
asking a girl out...not planning to attempt it again
stealing my friends bike as a revenge joke
beating my wife and daughter
jumping off of a rock and breaking both legs.
Causing a Dog Fight, Now We're in Debt
Google the word.
getting crossfaded the wrong way around and subsequently releasing every bodily substance at once
letting my sisters kids destroy a peice of family history
not cleaning the bath
Made a patio fertilizer bomb, destroyed my door.
I shouted at my friends over buffalo wings
Buy Negative Facebook Reviews - Buy Bad Reviews
I aggressively FaceTimed a kid in Russia!
driving 12 hours to 'Vienna' to ride in those fancy boats with my girlfriend. Turns out I confused Vienna with Venice
IN MY CLASS
My 42nd birthday in 2020 was one that I will try to forget!
Masturbating and not cleaning up properly
talking to a lesbian about nipples.
feeding meat to my vegetarian friend
getting stuck in the dryer and getting fucked by my stepson
spilling ink on the bed
shitting my pants in a hotel
lying on my resume and getting caught red handed mid-interview for a job I was already vastly underqualified for
yanking my meat in front of my sister
asking for water
throwing out the trash in the wrong bin
going full psycho on a telemarketer.
cumming for the first time
jerry rigging a Chinese finger trap from wire and putting it on
being honest with my girlfriend
feeling a single raindrop on the back of my hand, licking it, and discovering it was actually bird shit.
accidentally putting a link to a hardcore porn website in my aunt’s Instagram bio.
staying up with my family drinking until 3:30 am on Christmas morning.
exposing my Yoda ASMR fetish to my very traditional parents
not understand the physics of ramen
eating three bowls of cereal
checking if my date had STD's
panic buying 40 packs of the hottest instant ramen on the planet without actually reading the description.
drinking my own piss
popping a pimple in a sensitive area
masturbating to my 3rd removed neice's dog's nudes.
working overnight with my female friend at my houseMy worst day of life
saying I’m proud to be white to my Hispanic friend
going out drinking with my girlfriend
not noticing "He's Just Not That Into You" on the TV and GF didn't like it
catching my poo
letting my girlfriend drink bong water
sending my boss a picture of my junk.
accidentally assaulting my coworker
cleaning my bong in the dishwasher
liking Instagram photos
using a public toilet
Wrong Hotel Room...
Breaking my 32in Curved Gaming Monitor
forgetting I used to do illegal things
getting in my husbands car
Pizza always falls facedown
shitting and cumming my pants
ringing the wrong doorbell in an hotel
passing gas in my sleep every day for a month straight in front of my family.
asking by bestfriend of a decade out
I made my mother attempt suicide
murdering my amazing profile in harvest moon video game
thinking the world was ending
letting my son die for the first time
retaking a test and getting the exact same questions wrong
telling my friend I liked her
getting super drunk and clogging my sink and flooding my basement
leaving around $50,000AUD cash at a ‘close friends’ house..
joining.
I was kind of magnetically controlled
receiving a sext while casting to the 65 inch TV with my in laws eyes glued to the screen
taking my mom's advice and calling fiancee.
talking to my mom on speakerphone
kissing my FWB too hard
eating my own cum
Using an Aircon whilst gaming.
messing up with my fwb while sexting
making jokes about my suicidal thoughts infront of my boss.
doing mushrooms and falling in love with the sun
getting caught in bed with best friends brother
being very lactose intolerant
Burned my face
finally writing to my crush in a zoom meeting witout realising I was in all chat.
saying “OK boomer” to a boomer
not realizing the difference in body mass while cuddling
not shooting my academic shot with my dental surgeon
signing up to OnlyFans
because I’m 30 miles from home, no gas, forgot debit card at home
having Tourette’s at my grandmother’s funeral
making my 11 month daughter learn how to growl.
swearing in English class
buying my sex toys with a card
scaring the hell out of a neighbor
Shit post, but for real...
not wearing my bee suit properly!
hiding in the toilet room to avoid my bf's flatmate and ended up having to face him directly
picking up my cat
making instant ramen
getting gum all over my fingers
ACCIDENTALLY flushing my Juul down my parents’ toilet.
showering with Jesus
leaving my door open while jacking off
not reading the Terms and Condiotns
naming by first born daughter Karen
giving dirty instructions to my students
Lost in translation, as gaeilge (in Irish)
not washing up after sex
masturbating on the floor
Fucked my moms' best friend in the ass.
why does every post start out with “well, this happened 65 years ago”
turning on my Roomba, forgetting that my dog shits on the floor everyday.
sleeping naked (NSFW)
Failed tree doctoring --&gt; nearly damaging neighbour's garden
angering a sister of mine who loves pranks
leaving a pack of cigarettes in the pocket of my jacket
Using Nair on My Butthole
accidentally creating Mustard Gas
sending my friend a picture of my dick without being 100% sure that she wanted to see it.
getting a vibrating butt plug stuck in my wife’s ass.
taking my girlfriend on our two year anniversary to a really bad side of San Francisco fearing for our lives.
Sending Screenshots Of Confidential Info To My Brother
getting too lewd with someone
Accidentally Spiking My Eggs with THC
cz they heard what I said about them
wanting to know that she’s happy
saving the day, costing my company millions of dollars, and finally saving the day by accidentally blaming the correct people.
Throwing Away My Blood Soaked Panties
making a mess in a foreign country.
I got slapped and accused of trying rip off my gf's nipples.
removing gauze from my butt too soon...twice... on my Wife's B-day
Meat shop mortification having one last drink
gas burn
Got caught cheating with married women by her husband
making a stir-fry when my partner wanted plain rice
flashing my teacher on Teams
I left my keys my car
posting a meme on google classroom
trying to get a Pap Smear done (NSFW)
owning a duck call
walking in on my parents having sex.
lending a friend money.
installing a bouncy castle for my 2.5 year old son and immediately injuring him worse than he’s ever been injured in his short life on it
giving hints to an old gay man to smash
posting a picture of me and my girlfriend to my Instagram status
quantos deu?
AITA for making an AITA post on Reddit as a 14-year old child
realizing the dating problems my self esteem has caused.
Searching for My Daughter's Retainer in a Fast Food Trash Can.
startling my cat while he was on my shoulder, causing him to jump off with so much force he ripped a claw out
BURNING MY FINGURE WHILE BUILDING MY FIRST COMPUTER
losing my crown.
using white washcloth at hotel..
almost tripping over a dead body
telling the girl I'm dating I'm married.
accidentally blasting my partner’s porn through the car stereo
Jerked while sexting with my girlfriend while on a bus, wiped my dick with bedsheet. Found scars on my dick. Thought it's Balanitis and tired to treat it.
adding too much air to my tire.
crashing my dads porsche into the wall
leaving my window open while sleepingile sleeping
making an unwelcomed joke
letting my anger take over me,
not looking at the toothpaste before brushing my teeth
drinking denture water and thinking I would go to hell
having a bot say something at the worst time possible
showing my family a short video of me fingering my girlfriend.
almost killing a 2018 macbook air
accidentaly giving my crush a clue that I actually stalked on her
dropping brownie batter all over the patio and oven and now my parents are mad
yelling at a delivery driver for blocking my buildings driveway
kicking a candle. That's on the floor next to a heater. Spilling wax.
completely formatting my main PC after 5 years of use
getting gum stuck to my tampon
ordering something on eBay
drinking my brother's cum
getting into a car crash by looking at the sun instead of the car in front of me
calling my girlfriend a different name in my sleep
joining a cult and giving them thousands of dollars that I’ll probably never see again
trying to sleep with someone for the first time and not being able to get it up
using my old whiskey and wine bottles for my iced coffee
reading a story and finding that my PC isn't working as it should
What is best hairstyles for women
submitted my college application and without reviewing it
accidentally seeing my father's personal photos
Why every body still tripping kinda sad😔
drinking four litres of laxatives
I am the dumbest and I have no TV
Major fuck up
dropping my phone off Yosemite
masturbating so much I injured myself
Adding Music To My Dad's MP3 Player
asking the shop assistant for puff pastry and pronouncing it in the wrong way
nightfall
telling my lesbian friend I like her (I'm a male)
burning my sock
telling my sister in law to get an abortion...
going to school when it was cancelled, and spending the longest day of my life there.
I tried to make a classmate feel better about his f instead made my teacher cry for her dead husband
assuming my 13 year old niece no longer believed in Santa!
making my father think I smoke crack shattering my boyfriends window
a factor of 1000.... literally.
Calling My Teacher A Bitch On Zoom
Sending My Aunt A Picture Of My Boob
someone’s life....I think
joining my exes premium Snapchat!
leaving tinder open in front of my boss
following simple instructions
accidentally but ruthlessly mocking a distant relative
telling a woman I’m getting a Covid test
(intenionally) missing the delivery driver, then walking to the post office after calling "them".
nutting in the toilet (NSFW)
going up to get an award that was not for my team
jinxing myself and confusing an emergency door exit for a door and not being able to get out of my train on time. Original destination was Venice, ended up in Milan.
telling my husband to visit a whore in Vegas
watching anime in class.
not throwing away cum tissues right away
forgetting that semen has a distinct smell
eating Honey Nut Cheerios
trying to stop a crackhead from stealing my car
passing out in a hotspring and hitting my face.
forgetting to lock my door
doing a good deed, forgetting I did the good deed, and completely screwing over the person I did said kind deed for.
singing STFU during class while my teacher was talking.
Throwing Walnuts
sending photos to the wrong group chat
ruining an oil painting ive been working on for 2 days because i dont understand common Logic
geting wasted
dropping my New Laptop and Getting it taken away for the Year.
being too scared to kill a spider
leaving a ruler in the bathroom
coworkers thought I had the COVID-19. Contracted from my bf
shooting a gun in the air.with a crazy patient
going to my (secret) boyfriends workplace with my mom
my giving myself a wedgie that grade school bullies could only dream of
not realizing there was a sex toy in the background of my video chat... NSFW
brocasting my toilet during an interview
kicking a hole in the wall
letting sister borrow car; now I'm in the ER
making the biggest sex mistake
cursing at every French person I met immediately upon meeting them ..and I think they liked it...?
sending nudes to a stranger on Snap
quitting my job and making a pass at my best friend
when my girlfriend threw up on my dick (after eating Pizza)
Weightlifting for the Majority of my Life
Como puedo suicidarme sin dolor
and got caught by the horny police
Having a Porn Title Right On My car Dashboard
spontaneously combusting a fart while taking a dump at work
insulting a girl with no arms
pissing in a cup
accidentally letting a bunch of tabbed videos play in the background of my Microsoft teams lecture (REALLY LOUD) for all to hear including the teacher
having a one night stand
Not looking where I was going
testing a “no more tears” shampoo
using an Omega-3 container as a fleshlight.
almost getting kicked out of my school
fucked up by creating a game, which will never be seen by anyone, because of my being dumb.
vomiting off my mum's balcony
going to see Uncut Gems stoned
Almost Burning Down my Girlfriend’s House
opening my one of my Xmas gifts 4 days before Christmas (First reddit post so there may be some miss-spelling)
being honest with my pregnant wife about her demeanor
not double checking and falling for a scam
asking bicycle mechanic how chain measurement tool works
not listening to my OBGYN about a bump on my girly parts, huge mistake. NSFW???
not leaving my puppy outside long enough
saying hi to my friend at work
taking a job offer for a family that has a daughter I’m not really fond of
washing my eyeball with a bidet
playing with suction cups!
REAL BAD...
Fell in garbage can
accidentally stabbing an aerosol sunscreen can.
throwing up in the middle of my friends' living room
Today, I accidentally said "Oh sh*t" inside of my friends church and didn't realize how loud the acoustics of the room we were sitting in were
putting on butt chapstick.
breaking my moms foot on the 4th of July
drinking my dads Pepsi
teaching my cat to boop
snagging my nipple on the zipper of my jacket
telling my grandma she’s “going to heaven” next
eating a brownie at the age of 15
Offering to Toss My Wife's Grandma's Salad
showing my Mom the wonder of meme-making
terrifying an already scared child with my appearance.
Fisherman shocked after reeling in huge crocodile
wiped my arse
saying hi so someone who wasn't saying hi to me.
using my coworker's alfredo sauce.
fainting on a first date
writing about the Mandela effect in my SOP to grad schools
wiping my eye
ordering a vibrator off Amazon
having an opinion.
trapping myself on an inversion board
Tofu by gambling my entire paycheck away!
getting too experimental with my Girlfriend
asking my boyfriend to help pay for a mental health drug.
thinking that 9/11 planes crashed into a shopping mall
discovering r/tifucirclejerk
whacking my cat really hard
walking naked around my house.
when my Mum opened my box of sex toys for Secret Santa
showing my ass to an entire family
i saw a homeless guy i felt pity for him, i gave him some money i had in my pocket
using 'fastboot erase -w' command on my Android phone
calling him lady
calling a coworker’s disabled toddler a demon
breaking the school's chromebook
What if All Flowers Suddenly Disappeared. A Video On Flowering Armageddon
telling Reddit about my top 3.
making a parakeet pancake out of my pet bird
Soon to be homeless.
not knowing how my car's audio system works
not asking a girl out
reminding a girl of a traumatic childhood experience in a b-day
I didn't know how to smile for cameras as a child
getting my foreskin stuck in my zipper, making me afraid of ever using my zipper again
LPT don't go for a 20 mile walk without prior experience....
turning on my camera instead of my microphone
eating food with some hair in it.
assuming my hookup had basic sexual health knowledge
trying to donate my blood
going to a party once since lockdown
asking my neighbor to come watch me masturbate. **FINAL UPDATE**
Rename this sub to r/fiction or something similar
being a quiet, ‘polite’ lodger
for unmuting myself in class and making moaning sounds. For. A. Fucking. Dare
sending a sexy email to the head of HR at my new job.
flooding my neighbor's kitchen
partaking in No Nut November.
realizing I am the bully
voting in a racist buffoon who is going to destroy our country.
Red Hot Willy Pepper :c
making my son put his iPad away and go for a bike ride
confusing cloves and bulbs
watching a naughty video of my ex-wife
dreaming I was pissing on the grave of my enemy
Forgetting the Demographic of Our Target Audience
leaving my butt plug on the floor nsfw
building a shelf with my dad
jumping into bed
letting my dog out without a leash...
not wearing the right clothes
getting out of bed.
not getting into that cab and fulfilling a fantasy of mine.
being 4 on 9/11
not locking my door while jerking off
hitting a building with an excavator and then just drove away. Got lucky.
and bought a $300 piece of plastic thinking it was cocaine
joking about rule 34 with a coworker.
NSFW  dumping the only guy to genuinely satisfy my sexual needs
deleting a few files
coming home in the middle of the night and catching my mom giving head to a man I don't even know
condemning myself to a slow death
taking advice from my sister (Shitpost??) (Not my fault I guess) (Has blood)
telling my mom to suck my dick
playing this on max volume
With an embarrassing fall down the stairs in front of others and then possibly sabotaged the neighbors new relationship -BOTH in one quick swoop!
texting my boyfriend I wanted a baby
smacking my bong
cheating on a geography exam without knowing it in 5th grade.
wearing panties on my face at Wal-Mart.
Oops being high on narcotics in front of my boyfriend’s family and I didn’t even realize it.
Taking 550mg At 5PM
Fake Playstation account made uncle assume I was gay
hardcore trolling what I thought was a spam text.
meeting a chatroom stranger
indulging my curiosity and looking at my ex’s snap story
drinking beer at work at 8:30am
when I accidentally punched my girlfriend in the face and laughed uncontrollably.
accidentally unmuting myself on ZOOM
throwing away something belonging to a friend, that now wants it back.
not knowing Magnesium gives you the shits. On my way to the bank. WISH ME LUCK!
joining reddit
dropping my dick in front of a lady
searching for a movie on reddit
Resetting my Analog Clock accidentally breaking and entering while geocaching
killing letting a house lizard curse me and my family
waffle-stomping my sh*t down my sister-in-law's shower.
pavloving myself
watching anime "memes" in front of my little brother
telling my other half something about my body
wanting to get laid
sitting on the table
not standing in the rain and insisting my dog do her business.
making a brooklyn nine nine reference
blowing up my coffee maker (I think? I don’t even know)
using eggs in an anniversary cake for my Grandparents' 50th anninversary
accidentally traumatizing my mother.
sending my mother sandy cheeks cock vore by text
not realizing I had daily work all semester for my college class
destroying the back yard.
adjusting my penis at the exact moment my grandma walks in the room...
drinking alcohol after my second COVID shot
seeing if a subreddit mentioned in a tweet was real and now reddit bombards me with graphic notifications and emails about people's hemorrhoids
Spelling error
COVID19 USA
challenging a bull
plugging my monitor into the wrong port
answering too quick
giving my neighbor a present.
not making a grilled cheese when my girlfriend said not to.
drinking bleach and accidentally tricking myself into thinking I have THE VIRUS.
not being a good third wheel
making the delivery driver think I have one arm
pissing in my friend's cat's litter box.
bleeding all over my chair at school
telling my cousin about my plans
blanking out at work and not remembering if I served a customer or not. Then thinking that things would be easier on me if I admitted to theft lol
buying wine for a new roommate
shoving a stress-ball up my ass and having no choice but to Goatse it out
deciding to have spicy food the pst couple days.
using our existing groceries
Sounding Like An Incompetent Dumbass During My High School Graduation Speech.
vomiting into my sweater at my own Birthday Dinner
launching dog shit all over myself
bringing my delicious spears to work..
forgetting it was Saturday...
Telling my mom that i remember the endoscopy while a nurse was there
not finding a job right after my contract expired. Now I've been unemployed for a year and 4 months.
trying to save my money
deleting some old files
using a lovely American bathroom stall before a flight
having a curry
not knowing how instagram stories work.
not going to pee like I usually do.
drunk calling someone I really like
trying to kill a cockroach
smacking the krackin
as me and my dad was planning to go back to my apartment to get back my things.
accidentaly stealing a cheap plastic pink ring
I preordered cyberpunk 2077 in September 2019
becoming a "system"
not washing my penis under the foreskin for 10 days
accidentally deleting my wife's 2 years of writing Removed - Rule 1-C
telling my dog that eBay was fucking me
driving down a Costa Rican side road with a crocodile to avoid a blockade
saying goodbye to a co-worker.
drinking a gulp of isopropyl rubbing alcohol
finding stuff behind my kids ears
ruining a twin's first birthday
locking myself out of the hotel room
By being extra nice when drunk
masturbating (NSFW?)
telling everyone I was gay and then realizing I wasn’t
reminding a friend that her father is dead
my confidence by browsing NSFW subreddits
being an impatient asshole and forgetting that the UK has different time zones
being an extremely deep sleeper
asking my friend if they had a penis disorder
graduating college with zero knowledge.
"Exposing" that my friend had a crush on a guy at our dorm.
starting my own small business
looking at what my significant other showed me
not using following my school’s camera policy
ironing a tshirt
For Having My Downstairs Neighbor's Girlfriend's Clothes for 3 Weeks
wanting a piece of my girlfriend's little sister's sweet ass
using yayo at work and destroying the bathroom
looking up my childhood home
Bengay Edition
giving my partner the Dutch Oven... during sex.
Asked my drunk housemate if I can kiss her, got rejected. Need advice urgently to deal with it.
shaking a homeless guy’s hand
eating a stinkbug
when my mom found my special comforter
contaminating an airline with the flu virus but they may think it's the Coronavirus
Make healthy income every month
trying not to fart for a week
accidentally asking a cop for weed
sending out a link to a Motorized Male Masturbator to my entire company
not looking at my breasts
taking a shower without my contacts in.
slamming my fist on the table
fucking my brothers wife
sucking a dick in my parent's living room and getting caught
fisting the other campers and the counselors at my Day camp.
playing Marvels Avengers, getting harassed by the Senior Moderator (across 3 platforms), accused of Doxxing &amp; having my police record dug up to "deplatform" me for defending myself.
letting my BIL drive like an maniac.
getting stranded on a beach with my SO
doing shrooms with a gay furry that I met on Omegle
I killed my boyfriends baby fish.
confusing my bfs balls with someone else’s
not reading the sign that was put on top of everything in a bus stop.
Workout Edition] by accidentally taking 12 times the serving size of a supplement
pepper spraying my dick
making plans to screw my girlfriend while my mom was present
washing a paint roller
with coworkers.
letting my dog outside
slight mix up in the bathroom.
taking my dogs for a walk
ruining my mom's date
Trimming the Ass Hair
going for a late night snack
Today I fucked up by not sharing my music sooner
not knowing how to wear shoe insoles
attempting to be like Gordon Ramsay.
I was 13 and missed something... yeah.
getting scared and mistaking a rental quest for a repair man
misreading a Facebook comment and calling a teenage a girl fat
trying to hook up with my friend's girlfriend
Becoming A Sex Vampire
answering a call for my brother
'charging' my shit in my ass and shitting myself
asking my Spanish teacher how to say masturbate in Spanish
loving spicy food and coffee a day before a zoom meeting
nearly killing myself by eating red lobster
creating a family genealogy chart as a thoughtful gift, and unintentionally documented incest within our family...
accidentally calling my gf fat
(see image)
Watching Porn in My Bedroom
unexpected allergic reaction to face cream
Beware: Silicon Ear Plugs
Chipped my tooth from Pooping
I called my wife a loser
knowing English too good.
changing the shower curtain liner
trying to cure my daughters fear of spiders
not googling something.
being so oblivious to my coworker wanting to fuck me, even when he rested his hand around my throat.
letting my mom countdown to 0
sending a creepy drunk text to my friend
trying to buy weed online
taking drugs from someone I barely knew
sending a picture of me to my mom
dropping truth bombs to my mother
being in love with my niece
"finishing" standing up for the first time
eating a corpse's ass
not saving my game
I'm available for hookup this weekend
getting 4 missed calls from a special investigator
letting my 9 year old use my vibrator on me
reciting Kevin Hart
This is a short one
costing the company I work on lots of money
falling back in my chair
not cleaning up food for so long that it's become a chemical weapon.
outing a rapist instead of keeping it to myself
not realizing bananas have latex in them. Ended up spraying out hell-spawn all over my stuff.
bank?
asking a complete stranger if he liked cock and balls
accidentally making my grandfather-in-law believe I am cheating on my husband.
driving across a park in a Gated Community.
dropping a turkey and ruining Christmas dinner.
telling a customer I wanted him to be my daddy
almost sending a college into lockdown with a Ziploc bag
forgetting my uncle's name and almost getting him him arrested.
screwing up my first kiss twice with the same girl
making mac and choccy, and then hot cheese trying mg to clean the Mac and choccy up.
opening a brand new utility knife package with my bare hands
getting angry at a yo-yo
cutting cheese
Yikes....
being a careless pet owner
pulling out too quickly and then f@rting (nsfw)
not learning an obvious lesson and eating a subway.
having a sleep paralysis
I can't drink milk now
What to say to someone who’s dying? Not this!
myself in last 465 days
getting my friend investigated by police for underage sexual activity
thinking this sub had actually good moderators
Going to the Bathroom Before Leaving Home
R/ helping a depressed friend and telling the school counselor about her S attempt and then getting backstabbed by her
burning chilies and making my neighbors concerned that I’m sick.
being sexy for my BF
making sex with a sexy lady who's my step sister, my teacher, and also my next door neighbour! :OoOooo
sexting my girlfriend.
T I F U by pulling my weiner out of a hole in my underwear.
Modeling In Front Of A Mirror
taking a nap.
Misspelled word in an email to lawyer
masturbating all day
saying things that ended my online friendship
venting in front of a whole group
not knowing a tongue twister that I learned when I was little
being blackmailed by my own masturbation clip
watching porn on my phone when I was logged into my school account
making a joke about an orgy and pissing off all my friends and my girlfriend.
embarrassing myself with an adult diaper
thinking I was muted on zoom
having IBS and being pissed off.
turning on the wrong stove top burner and cooking my cell phone instead of dinner
flooding most of a hotel
going into the woods behind my house with a phone on 20%.
in online classes
almost getting a second pee-hole
almost blinding myself
“Shitting Myself” At The Office
forgetting to mute on teams
i sh*rted on my girl
saying to my friends that names taken from fantasy books/tv series are cringey
not looking where I was going and not cutting my toenails.
In the delirium of a new relationship, I said I'd drop who I was seeing if that's what she wanted.
leaving my wallet at school
dismissing increasing waves of mind-numbing stomach pain as a side effect of IBD.
buying cigarettes
messing around with my rubber band ball
my friends grandma thinking his girlfriend is cheating on him
letting my cat go to the bathroom with me
slapping myself in the face with a bag of warm dog poo.
suggesting a shredded chicken burrito Taco Bell
“edging” for way too long
walking in on my parents have 69....
Accidentally LOGGED INTO SOMEONE ELSE'S REDDIT ACCOUNT
yeeting my phone full force because of Fortnite Master Chief Reveal Video
talking shit of a rule the principal made and they called my parents
I fought a spider. I broke 3 fingers, but I won.
test
not being thorough enough
not knowing how to crack an egg properly.
trying to teach GCSE maths after a night of benzos
trusting a "friend" who put f-bombs in my cover letter when applying to about seven jobs, which I didn't notice till it was too late
casually throwing a bag of birdseed into my virtual shopping basket
Putting a Metal Spoon in the Microwave
almost coming out to my whole class via zoom
Shrooms
turning on a Netflix short for my drunk gf
saying have my children to a guy
blocking a sneeze at an interview
making a girl angry.
getting caught masturbating by my neighbor in my room.
watching The Poughkeepsie Tapes a few hours into a mushroom trip
taking my boyfriend to the beach
By thinking a prostitute was a hitchhiker.
trying to watch porn on my oculus quest.
agreeing to help my friend record World Burn from the Mean Girls musical
trying to save my cousin from a screaming smoking sex worker, which later pushed me down the stairs and then called the cops on me and told a bitch paramedic that I’m a paranoid schizophrenic to make sure they sedate me. At the end my tree stump-built SIL came in to save the day.
giving my step son a sandwich.
breaking my coworker leg and costing him a surgery
adding essential oils to my bubble bath
talking to Alexa in my sleep
crapping in the warehouse
missing out on some cute girl on girl action
telling my wife about my circumcision
putting Reddit on my laptop, then downvoting a bunch of posts without realizing it.
calling out a gym member for clogging the toilets a million times
cause an ugly girl tricked me into having s*x with her
trying to ask a question
driving over 2 hours one way for a job interview that isn’t until tomorrow.... whah hoo
RepoBot
committing Accidental plagiarism in college
getting burns from my shampoo
not reading signs properly
bread. Twice.
taking Mucinex
saying the name of a store
accidentally clicking on a post on the front page and playing "profane language" at max volume in my living room
introducing my 11 y/o brother to porn
thinking I was funny and making the wrong statement to a customer.
having video sex with a stranger
shaving my anus
backing my car into another car and running away from the scene, and then covering my tracks to avoid financial liability
getting addicted to nicotine
forgetting to lock my door...yeah....you'll find out more
fucking my dog
opening my mother’s text messages.
having sexual intercourse with my wifes sister.
Telling my partner to smash my back doors in, but it happened literally.
My friends ate too many edibles and puked. They have pets.
spending $3000 of rent money and making my dad cry.
masturbating with my blinds open
finally telling my sisters (18) boyfriend that she is cheating on him with his dad.
for being late to a job interview!
trying to start working out again
Drove my Mustang in snow and crashed
walking in on my roommate spread eagle trying to suck his own cock
I accidentally stole someone’s car
having a threesome with my ex and his bf.
not realizing I was unmuted on a zoom call
yelling at a stranger when I was partially at fault
crashing into a car at full speed (parked) in rollerblades because I was cocky
forgetting to invite my brother when my cousins came over for lunch
mixing Indian food and anal sex
taking a shower at 2:00 AM ad waking up my parents
buying Cyberpunk
my facebook got deleted after I didn't logged in for 30 days.
joining a work zoom meeting and going to the bathroom
attempting to stealing Buzz Aldrin's junk mail and getting fired from my job.
laughing when I shouldn’t have
trying to buy basketball shoes
blowing a little too hard into my melodica
reading a about a prolapsed anus....while cuttin' rope
not deleting old pictures on my own phone?
sharing my screen on Zoom
accidentally steal a cat
being too nice and not reading social cues
telling a cop to go slower or we’ll get a ticket
realizing sourdough bread doesn't come from vaginal yeast
drawing a giant, hairy dick on the whiteboard during a global department meeting at work
playing accidental sex audio to 30 colleagues
calling my college professor babe
my mom catching me Watching some lucrative anime...
sh*tting in my girlfriends mouth
owing 0.69 cents to the local library.
pressing buttons
thinking my parents were murdering each other, and proceeded to waking up my tenants and almost calling the cops
fake Bitcoin giveaway running on youtube by "SpaceX Live"SpaceX LIVE ( not real spaceX ) is running a fake bitcoin giveaway
using Gold Bond on hemorrhoids
smoking too much and passing out in the shower
Today I fucked up by making fun of someone with dwarfism for being short.
I broke the curtains
spraying sriracha into my eyes
Since quarantine has been winding down and jobs are coming back..
farting into my respirator
trying to visit my abused niece
for not noticing the empty sauce bowl
throwing a towel against my window too hard
buying over $160 worth of internet porn
posting my wife’s tits to Snapchat
Left my butt plug out...
learning Russian for a student of mine
taking shrooms and probably ruined the friendship I had with a few amazing people
not understanding Chinese
copy paste
running over a dog in the street and failing a midterm within a span of about 10 minutes
losing a teachers key
wearing grey sweatpants in a rainy day
looking at my mums notification.
not taking the Coronavirus Situation more serious and ending up quarantined in another country
By accidentally kissing girlfriend's twin sister.
Renting A Car From AVIS/BUDGET
I spoiled the end of Sons of Anarchy to myself.
making my mom believe we have paranormal activity in our house
Neighbor lady flicked the bean
forgetting to bring a face mask
accidentally walking into the women’s locker room at the gym (50 M)
sexli sexing sex that i had
By remembering a traumatic childhood memory involving the ninja turtles
making myself vomit in front of guests at work
Not Hitting the "Hidden" Button when Uploading Pictures of me for r/amiugly to Imgur
walking in my mom's room getting fingered by my dad
breaking my future employers couch.
grabbing the end of a hot Soldering Iron.
nutting all over my aunt
when I backed out of the driveway and knocked over the garbage cans full of fish guts
I Parked Bad
forgetting which bag had cat sh*t in it and which one had clothes in it....
eating way too many sunflower seeds.
letting my 12 month old play with my phone
selling my car to a random guy on the internet
except this is on behalf of the world!
looking into the apartment building across the street with my binoculars
paralyzing the left side of my face.
typing f4m instead of m4f. Literally got so many fuckin dms in less than a minute
The name of the Sub needs to change
making my two best friends leave me
making popcorn while on Discord
cutting off most of the tip my finger
Today I fucked up by getting a home in a republican part of Florida.
breaking up with someone on their birthday...for the second time
wanting to have dinner with my girlfriend
leaving my black bag behind at a airport in a forraign country.
watching pole dancing
eating spicy leftovers, chocolate, burping, throwing up and choking.
nearly paralyzing myself.
leaving a sex note
getting Jayy Von Monroe to block me on Instagram
using a new pan.
Today I fucked up leaving my hair down while gardening
I got drunk last night and dislocated my left hand pinky and my right hand has a finger that's bent
because of the spider that was under my toilet seat
talking about boys in a Subway
posting an aftermath of a fight w an ex on Reddit
washing dishes
messing around with a stranger
My teachers saw me inhaling pizza
Nearly broke 3 bottles of rare booze
and ended up running myself over.
cussing out a customer service representative like a Karen because I didn’t realize my order had been processed.
accidental sending foot fetish hentai to a discord sever I joined less than 24s before
smoking copious amounts of weed and going through three boxes of cereal and milk the night before I was to go to traffic school in the morning.
napping and missing an interview, AMIDST A PANDEMIC
Hentai mistake
sending a pic to the wrong chat
thinking I could take my antibiotic with hardly any food before an automated job interview / assessment .
attending my uncle's funeral
finding my dad on reddit and reading his posts and comments
i had sex with my teacher for grades
throwing away my parent's money
getting my privates stuck in a door
not telling my father I had to pee.
using a credit card cash advance to buy $GME and my wife found out
Ok, I in life
Tried to give s/o head, made him barf.
doing a funny voice in front of a cute girl
I got too drunk, everyone got drunk.
not cumming in a girl's mouth and getting dumped afterwards
moving a chair
chewing on a cheap lighter causing the fluid to spray into my mouth and all over my face and then setting part of my tshirt on fire
just taking a dump in a toilet that is out of service
sending 9 million dollars for free to a person I don't know.
Titles are hard
popping my own cherry.
buying extra data
peeing myself at work...
spraying my rectum and penis with anti-bacterial spray
mowing a lawn
not realizing my soon to be 3 year old knows how to operate the water faucet and flood our living room and the downstairs neighbors ceiling
Essential Oil in the Goods
showing my bff/roommate the new bong I bought *possibly* breaking her sobriety
almost getting the police called on my boyfriend
trying to prank my friends grandma and ending up banned from her house
This subreddit ought to be rebranded as "IFU". I don't think I've seen a post that actually happened "today" make it to the top of the sub in months.
using the wrong lube
not looking at the address
missing the Clap
I shared what I thought was a CNN video I recorded on my iPhone
Today my friend fucked up
having an extrmely weak reddit password
calling an African-American couple "muddy"
drinking my way to the hospital
drinking for the first time
showing my dad my boyfriends music
handing over a lunchbox to the girl I like
not recognizing art for the sign it is, and fumbling around with my dick in the dark.
almost giving myself an enema with a fancy chinese toilet, getting sprayed everywhere with water, and learning a very weird lesson
not checking a file
Looking something up turned out to be something that has scarred me for life
going way to far out.
writing a story that was way too graphic and got censored
accidentally put ear drops in my eye thinking they were my eye drops
accidentally getting on a big name retail chain’s most wanted list
not scheduling my driver's test ASAP
leaving my bike unlocked in an area I have stolen bikes before.
accidentally letting mine &amp; my bf’s friend see his nudes.
Classroom Hottie
curling my hair
making it hard for myself to get food from now on.
kissing my sister on the lips
Making my GF squirt for the first time, embarrassing her and ruining our bedding
accidentally drinking my own bathwater
Finger Banging my SO
accidentally posting a p*** link in a group chat
lashing out on a dead drug user
making my boyfriend shit himself
trying to piss after beating the meat in a bath
leaving the door open while having sex
manifesting sexual desire towards my half sister in law’s son.
trying to be a good neighbor
leaving my butt plug on the bathroom counter
letting my mind wander during a group project and almost get suspended
and forgot to wake up my boyfriend
pouring boiling hot water all over my hands
getting caught on accident
using Arnold Schwarzenegger's voice as a klaxon alarm during a high profile tour
trying to get my sister to quiet down
buying a $1400 coat without knowing what the return policy was.
getting ‘Da Bomb’ hot sauce on the end of my gigglestick
forgetting where I was and undoing my trousers
almost killing my crush 3 years ago...
spilling ink on my parents bedsheets
eating a Space Brownie that was too strong and almost broke up with my girlfriend
trying to have sex during home quarantine.
not locking the car
updating my family on an old friend and accidentally throwing shade at my sister’s marriage
(20M) My FWB wants me to be romantic. What should i do ?
locking myself out of my apartment
Yeehaw
having a baked goods exchange with my neighbor
spending $1,000 off of my mom’s credit card on phone games/apps
fat-fingering a button
thinking I shit myself
calling a new lunch moniter hot
having a mental breakdown while my roommate was home
not showering after soaking in an Airbnb’s hot tub, and now I will be scarred for life.
ripping my asscrack
Having Sex With My Mentor's Daughter.
By thinking my mom’s nursing experience would come in handy.
calling the police on domestic abuse
wishing happy birthday to my cousin and my mother
assuming “POC” meant “Person of Color” in a job Interview.
I Contacted a old flame who was a Hott Mess.
being friends with benefits with a girl I wanted a relationship with.i hAd sEX
literally telling my gf she's ugly
paging the warehouse
ruining my only Halloween plans
not muting my pastor from viewing my WhatsApp status updates
going to the beach
forwarding a few NSFW subreddits to my friend who was new to Reddit and I haven't heard from him in a week trying to shoo off a fly while sleeping
watching Attack on Titan season 2 at night and now titans smiles are scaring the shit out of me.
playing chases with my friend
listening to music on the tram
falling for the Steam fraud prevention team scam
NSFW:  being a hoe and accidentally looking like a burglar
fucking a fishy Tinder date
having sex with my stepson
realizing I missed a Halloween party NOT on Halloween
accidentally letting my best friend steal my PS3.
accidentally making my cousin get rid of his dog
picking up a new hobby, ended up getting shot (sort of)
buying a VR headset for $200
appeasing a troll
telling my mom about "The lords of Anal"
smoking and getting stung by a venomous catterpillar
getting drunk and doing dishes......
being a huge percentage of my friends YouTube channel
leaving my room a mess for a random guy to see
Today I went to put gas in my bfs car and could not find the release for the gas cap.
messing around on the way to school
forgetting to select the right size for a shirt before ordering
trying to take apart a fidget cube
trying to get kinky with my wife
Proposing my childhood crush
eating a “chocolate chip” off the floor
bringing a hand grenade in my checked luggage to the airport NSFW
popping a pimple
Body armour does hurt now.
boiling sunflower seeds with hot pepper in the water.
assuming clippers were ok to use on body parts that are not smooth. Apparently, wrinkly scrotums are not the surface to use clippers, so says my scalped scrotum.
sharing a reddit post to a group chat
breaking my arm badly
stating a fact to a black person
checking out on my junior college girls!
being a cheap and ‘borrowing’ laundry detergent.
being an unintentional exhibitionist
laughing at the election of 1800.
cleaning the couch
smoking weed before going to the grocery store.
falling naked dripping wet
Trying to Smoke Vyvanse Soaked in Flammable Liqud
eating chocolate and vanilla mochi ice cream, never again.
burning off a good chuck of my mustache while lighting a joint and going onto a zoom meeting not realizing.
playing screaming man sounds through Alexa.
My cat will never forgive me.
assuming the genders of my entire class
sleeping in my own piss for months
eating a pot gummy contaminated in the dumbest way possible.
agreeing to an “open relationship”
29M) by Getting in a Car with 3 Female Strangers (18F, 22F, 26F - estimated) for an Adventure
telling my friend to act cool with 2 air pistols
Having Sex In NSFW Spin The Bottle
eating some chocolate at work
Cleaning My Shoes With A Toothbrush
Doxxing my sister
accidentally telling my grandma I was sneaking out
Today I fucked up and the rest of 2021 in a solid four hours
Mistakes We’ve Made And Debts We’ve Paid
saying “son of a bitch” in school.
doin a heckin sexy sex cum sex.
covering an old lady in flour
trimming hair on my balls
MY NAME'S FRED HERBERT. I'M A BAIL BONDSMAN. WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
not going to the bathroom before we left
forgetting to put my automatic transmission car on "P" (Park)
pissing on my dog
jerking off in front of a young girl
I thought both of the Phil Spencer's were the same person.
not my fuck up, but oh my! Reposting this from AITA. Safe to say AH father and son definitely FU and are in the dog house.
forgetting to sign a legal document and delaying the formation of a company
trying to Be a good BF and washing The sheets
ruining our pregnancy surprise.
playing the Sims 3 while watching Tik Toks.
coming to class early
at the gas station
climbing my dorm building
slamming my door
stepping off a loading dock
showing my grandma a video of bongo cat
referring to Steven Universe as a show about Gay Space Rocks in front of my hyper-christian family
kil6ng kobe byant
Today I fucked up my mowing the lawn
embarassing me infront of everyone
dropping my used butt-wipe at work.
accidentally hiding my boyfriends car keys
posting to social media my plans to do something illegal and having my cousin rat me out to my aunt who then called my father
leaving my cum sock on the table
shitting my pants on the ride home with my girlfriends parents in the car
getting a smoothie.
reading another Redditor's and realizing I must take my secret to the grave.
getting a nail salon tech fired
trying to invent a new kind of soup
breaking a bell-shaped glass decoration.
trying to purchase a single item at Cabela's
Looking in a naked girls window
Trying to pull off a sweet jump
thinking he was my uncle
talking to other girls to protect myself from the girl I like
getting a friend's phone taken away and making my asshole bleed
forgetting to turn off mic and watching a video of a woman confronting her harrasser.
not knowing how my new cat functioned
complaining about being asked to draw CP to a friend.
making my Mom call the cops from a ‘house break-in’.
re-opening the wound on my shin
implying I had fingered my gran; to my mum.
getting scammed like the idiot I am
not listening to the nurse during a glucose tolerance test.
Gettin A Bomb Squad Called On Myself At The Airport
uploading a picture to a math site
Twitter :eyeroll:
antagonizing white supremacists and now they want to sue me
Qué son las Certificaciones de Google Ads
imitating someone I seriously admire and making him realize he learnt his mannerisms from the person he hated the most
putting my phone number into a health insurance quote site.
getting caught by my mom having sex with my girlfriend
trying to make tea.
believing in evolution
knowing what’s in marshmallows
trying to fix my own laptop
posting a meme with the N-word in it and making the location Auschwitz resulting in parts of my family hating me
Today I fucked up by having the same reddit account name as my old instagram that my stalker obsessed over.
pooping on camera while in class
If you could go into somebody’s subconscious who’s subconscious would you view and why?
backing into my garage door
mistaking a delivery guy for my weed dealers delivery guy
TIFI by not completely closing my door while doing my thing
losing my girlfriend's cat.
Asking for pork at a Muslim Butcher
fiancé giving herself DOMs from sex
going to D&amp;D
wondering what my dog was eating...
TIFY by asking a girl out... in front of her boyfriend
playing Animal Crossing infront of my girlfriend
hitting a teacher in the head with an apple slice
being a terrible artist
not releasing my sister had let my chinchilla loose TL;DR at bottom
making 3 teachers think I'm racist
washing my clothes myself
I ruined someone’s life today.
unintentionally taking laxatives for 4 years of my life
pouring water in my coffee jar instead of cup.
getting a Brazilian wax
leaving my house
ANTIDOTE TRAP HOUSE
bringing up toilet paper from the downstairs closet
scaring the daylights out of some poor girl
piling boxes near my bed
More of my whole family  not knowing a cousin in my family was basically blind
getting caught having sex with my dog, by my mother-in-law.
telling my mom about my sexuality... :(
Married girl wants gf
giving my 2year old chocolate as a reward
sounding like a horrible racist.
accidentally showing a sexy anime girl to my english teacher.
making my granpa think i am watching adult videos
This post doesn't break any rules. If the bot blocks it, I'm going to track down the person who coded the bot and break his fucking arms and his fucking legs. POST. This. POST.
forgetting the water for the noodle cup. April fools but jokes on me..
telling my Rabbi to fuck off
forgetting a suitcase
Accidentally Auschwitz
getting caught when having sex at a young age.
flashing a delivery driver and almost shitting my pants infront of my friend
calling racially insulting someone
unnoticeably touching a Mannequin's Boobs
laughing and being thrown out of class
Today I fucked up by thinking I was alone while E-fucking TW NECROPHILIA
telling a rich guy he was attracting gold diggers
throwing up because of me breathing.
taking drug dealers dogs on a walk.
trying to help change a tire.
not knowing what the word celebrity was
awarding the wrong post
sounding super sleepy on the phone with ny dad!
yelling at a deaf guy.
saving an old flame's number as the wrong name in my phone.
going to the doctor because Bob Ross gave me "skin cancer"
hitting a pole with my fiancée’s prized brand-new sports-car, the car her father gave her, the same father that hates me..
feeding my sleeping wife a sardine in the middle of the night
farting in a massuse's face
adding a Jason DeRulo song to my kids’ Spotify playlist
mistaking my bottles of Lube and Hand Sanitiser
jokingly choking my friend with a pillow and accidentaly cutting my head
washing my hands
passing gas and not claiming responsibility
not being more specific on my calendar
making a bet I’d go the entire quarantine without shaving.
being an elusive poop bandit.
falling for a PayPal scam and losing $500.
not moving my boots when I knew the cat would probably urinate on them
Sex during Call of Duty Game
touching my dick after cutting jalapenos
unknowingly drugging myself to sleep for a week
barfing on a stranger
TDIFU by not doing research when my testicles were in severe pain
having phone sex with my new gf
accidentally buying a Soviet Ushanka
If someone looks like they are wearing one of those shields (mask brackets) . Don't ask about it.
taking a photo of a van and sending it to the person who owned the van
complimenting a fellow commuter
showing my class all my bits on zoom (and singing like an idiot).
calling my professor “babe” locking myself in the toilet!!
eating candy at a park
W
having to sacrifice a sock
Researched some bras for myself while livestreaming it
Valentine’s by Taking 10x the Recommended Amount
By using a Finnish Sauna
forgetting about my family's connected Google accounts
fainting while hugging my dad
imn vary drunk going 90 down the street
yelling “I’m bisexual you ignorant idiot” at church
splitting my lip. My lower lady lip.
saying “Ok Boomer” to a customer.
seeing my partners internet history and finding a ton of porn and some escorts.
TİFU by eating a nice pork dinner before going on a run
being curious with the nfc reader on my phone.
getting the shits in a hostel without a bathroom in the room
eating one of the spiciest hot sauces in the world
allowing my mom to receive my texts on her phone
Today I fucked up bu not getting all the MO Disks in Resident Evil 1 Original
inviting aunt and ancle to quarantine in my house
getting really high and unknowingly masturbating in front of my cousin (NSFL)
getting stung by a bee.
Please tell me how embarrassing this was?! Looking for real answers.
nearly burning my friend’s house down while trying to make the easiest snack ever.
watching The Floor is Lava
If I get Covid!
(likely) breaking both my ankles.
talking about a dead drug user
Today I fucked up by calling the cops on a child
leaving my buttplug out
Today I Fucked Up by deleting photos from my phone without doing it from my phone
Left a Hair tie around the base of my penis and Scrotum
twice by returning my neighbour’s dogs to her house when she wasn’t home… and then confessing that I did it.
assuming it was water on the bathroom floor.
singing a jingle about sex toys
opening up to my friend, and using an exaggerated example that lead to an awful misunderstanding
not listening to my friend and getting myself "fleeced"
Self diagnosed bowel issues when I had kidney stones, shat myself in the ER
wearing the wrong size shoes for 8 years.
getting a two year-old Xiaomi Smart TV
not throwing my used condom away properly
😎😎 spilling pee on myself
TIFI by almost ending up in a 'True Crimes' show.
rubbing my eyes too hard, was sent to Emergency by Ambulance and might stay blind
lieing about my language skills on my resume
finally cleaning under my fridge
I made the one fuck up you should never make. Im asked a woman if she was pregnant.....she was not.Removed
remembering a certain sound
saying I whipped my moms booty
accidentally rejecting my crush
ปีเตอร์ เช็ก กับความลับคว้าแชมป์ที่ปิดบังมานาน15ปี
is there a reason why my post is not being approved
i am scared of dentists
having a 150lbs/70kg Bar almost crush my rib cage
letting my Dad see my Hentai games on Steam
finding my 8 year old washing his face with my cum rag.
pretending I was as a black belt in karate
spilling diet coke all over myself and then almost getting into a car accident
signing up for an HSA late in the year.
entering the wrong address
crashing my car into the house
asking my girlfriend if she needed anything
breaking my tooth by flossing
trying to sit on an ottoman
vomiting on my ex-boyfriend
letting a friend walk me home
accidentally taking a flirt with a Spanish colleague too far
not realizing my whole life is a complete fucking lie
Or today I realized that I f-ed up for 13 years
evading federal taxes for over a decade
for using my girlfriends favorite brush to scratch my balls.
telling the emergency services operator to f*ck off at 3am.
leaving my TOY around my mom
getting held hostage by a cockroach
being sarcastic to a cop
i told my mom my brother was going to lose his virginity to me.
unmuting
setting my tinder passport location across the Atlantic
deciding to treat myself with a wank
Getting COVID, eating chicken and passing gas
unknowingly yelling and cussing during an online meeting thinking my mic was off
losing two of my closest friends
trusting the wrong friends.
picking up my cat and almost flashing in front of my parents
saying the wrong Thomas.
letting a catfish scam me
thinking my daughter called a little boy at the park fat
telling people someone died
telling my entire fifth grade class I was sexually active
accidentally composing audio porn.
ashya
accidentally coming out to my mother through my college application
not thinking before I made a joke at work
sex penis vagina booby fart
cutting myself on a razor
throwing ketchup all over someone on public transit
I deliberately broke my ears
taking too much Gravol
tweeting about my Best Friend's Girlfriend made me mad...
liking tattoos.
and burned my downstairs
saying 2020 is lonely
following a friends advice to be more forward about a hookup
having my junk grabbed by an 8 year old with downs syndrome
not finishing undecorating before my kids got home
fainting in the shower after orgasming
Turning a Knob
I forgot everyone I work with’s names and they all found out
breathing in the shower
not closing the door before getting off.
exposing my super power.
triying to switch off the light under my high bed
getting kicked out of a hostel in Hawaii for borderline sexual assault
Asking The Trolls To Talk To Me
leaving my coke on a conveyor belt standing
destroying two boys childhood
This time I fucked up very hardly
greeting a male friend as if he were another female friend of mine
doing shrooms with my girlfriend and giving her a concussion and a black eye. M(20)
telling a girl in my class I have an anal kink
taking a phone call for my swim program while dropping of my fiancee's grandmother at the hospital
NOT washing my hands 50 times after prepping Jalepeno Poppers!!
riding a tiny motorcycle and trying to show off
for thinking i was pretty enough to get privilege
telling my lecturer that I had a rental inspection
Slapped my momma 😱
I accidentally made a really really bad joke
asking for help with my car from multiple people
declaring to my dentist I am constipated, when I actually meant to say I am congested
TWFU Our 2.5 month old daughter fell out of her swing because my husband fell asleep while leaving her unattended.
doing a Whirling Dragon Punch
letting wife take care of bedroom playtime arrangements.
shooting my shot (26 F) with a very attractive man (28 M) and I got rejected HARD.
NSFW 5/17/20 AT 940PM
trying to spruce up my sons guitar.
drinking one of my dad's concoctions to cure my tummy ache
paying $80 to unlock a phone when I could have done so for free
throwing a party and causing Step-Mom to leave my Dad over it when she found out.
openly showing my fiance my wedding dress
trying to recreate a photo of a dog I saw with my own
trolling on a dating app
muttering the first syllables of my ex to my now GF
By using my scales wrong
surprising Painting Pete with Titty Tuesday
questioning god around my religious parents
posting some bad shit on my school website. Advice?
eating a bowl of cheese for breakfast
accidently showing my student a cam girl 😩
That’s not lube...
my friends saw cosplay on my recommendations but misunderstood it for hentai
not laughing at a mans joke
because I locked my keys in my truck at the grocery store, along with my mask, phone, and purse.
sending a shit pic to a stunning tinder babe
I accidentally dropping a used condom in the hallway.
playing games in power saving mode
accidently expelling gas directly into my father in laws mouth
Nfksjfbdjdndn
sending a note to my crush
stabbing my foot with a steel post.
having and selling fake IDs
dropping some important hardware where it should not be dropped...
having an affair with a girl who turned out to be my boss’s girlfriend.
here's to my worst fuck up of 2019. Hopefully 2020 will do me better.
taking laxatives to treat diarrhea
possibly introducing the Canadian Bird Flu (Maybe I'm exaggerating, but it is funny)
TWICE (probably 3 times) by accidentally buying a $2,500 bottle of bourbon
sending a dick pic to a Facebook recruiter
taking a huge dump in my bosses bathroom and I can’t flush it
posting my fuck up years after the fact rather than on the day that I fucked up
watching porn on my sisters work/company phone
having by son use an old work laptop for school
hiring sketchy movers online
using LinkedIn
Today i know what is shameless
Offered an alcoholic a bong hit after cleaning bong with rubbing alcohol
bending my arm with a needle in it.
listening to my mother and using a derogatory term to describe my cousin, for decades.
a LOT by breaking the law and getting drunk on the Hong Kong MTR.
Slept on the library bench as a teenager.
eating hot sauce and vaping
table saw. fingers, stupidity.
forgetting I’m clumsy and unfit.
playing this video on full video
accidentaly deleting ALL pictures on my sister's phone
I just ruined $1800 worth of appliances
having s*x in a public bathroom
Goku smelled my poop. Having Goku smell my poop.
inadvertently paying a girl to sleep with (my) female ex.
celebrating too early
forgetting my reusable water bottle at home, leading to my arrest.
Always lock the bathroom door!
not realizing earphones come in different sizes
trying to make my hair grow faster.
coming on this sub expecting posts about TODAY
shopping while masturbating
teaching my down syndrome nephew to talk drawing my uncle too tall
lying about kissing a cousin
accidentally being a Nazi
being depressed and ONLY eating fast food all the time, not checking my cupboards for a long time.
breaking my laptop with my own cum
I bought a plane ticket
burning my girlfriend while attempting to propose
playing a drinking game that required coordination and scarring the danish
using 3-in-1 body wash as lube.
asking my sister to do show up on my school video chat
trying to sell comics
showing tiger corpses to 8 year olds while they ate.
not connecting my phone to my car bluetooth
thinking I could afford healthcare
bring my boyfriend a milkshake
A Bunch Of Snobbish People Now Think I'm a Brokie and It Hurts My FeelingsA bunch of snobbish people now think I'm a brokie and I'm kind of hurt by that
drinking roughly 20oz of prune juice and shitting so loud I woke everyone in my house up.
Created a Magic System for a Story and Now My Parents think Im into Witchcraft.
yeeting myself off a kayak trying to kill a wasp
flipping the biggest bird to a coach that cut my dad from varsity basketball
not making sure my hands weren't spicy after making some Carolina riper olive sauce
Andrew Zimmern vs Andrew Zimmerman
falling face first in fresh cow dung
crapping my pants during class and filling up the room with that smell
taking a piss in front of a girl I had a love connection with.
sending a dick pick to my male teacher instead of the girl who requested it
wrecking a toilet with zero deniability
smoking WAY too much weed
chipping my girlfriend's tooth
a chance to get laid
flying a drone during a wedding ceremony
pouring cola in my phone instead of the glass.
roasting someone on r/RateMe because I read it as r/RoastMe
puking immediately after kissing my boyfriend for the first time
buying a game I could’ve got for free
memeing my middle school after school group
wrecking my phone even more than what it already is
sending a girl (school friend) a wrong text message
giving my religious auntie a MoviePass
going poop
Kissing my Cats Anus.
smoking before a colposcopy.
replacing the empty toilet paper roll at a friends house
Why is this sub called TODAY I fucked up but every story starts with “this happened 3 years ago”
Procrastination
putting up a poster
OVERSHARING
giving my wife the first towel I could find with which to wipe off her make-up
secretly using Grindr
getting my braces wire stuck in between the flesh of my cheek
accidentally hit my female classmate's butt and not apologizing properly
accidentally let coworker saw the porn link on my lap while he helped me to fix my laptop via team viewer.
using fabric softener instead of washing capsules on my clothes for an entire year
almost passing out in the port-a-potty...
accidentally dry snitching on my dealer
accidentally making fun of someone with a disability.
I am the kid that DID get his parents divorced
telling my 35 year old wife that she looks hot in a 20 year old picture
accidentally pinging the admins on a Discord server
I dropped a spoiler
(nearly) activating a Silver Alert.
Bananabread
vomiting in my university exam because I was high, and stressy
passing out with my tongue between my teeth.
submitting an incomplete midterm
My Friendly Wave Caused a Car Wreck
smoking Christmas
not realizing my dog could get into a locked cabinet
sleeping with my boyfriends(M18) younger brother(M16)
doodling with my girlfriend
Harmless Joke Made Me Look Like a Serial Killing Cannibal
lying to my girlfriend about my debt
Todays hopefully the day
Applying to The Wrong College Program
calling my neighbor "Whoreface"
having a weak nose and ruining sexy times
using someone’s butthole razor on my face.
Deciding to Wait Silently in the Toilets Until My Boss Had Finished Having a Serious Conversation
throwing away graded papers that cost me a bet worth $55,000+
being old and not paying attention when peeing at work
masturbating with olive oil on my bed, and now there’s a huge stain.
getting my first COVID dose accidentally
when I sent an explicit text to the wrongest person possible.
Trying To Talk To My Ex
google meet during history
pausing a video at the worst time for my mom to see.
By pissing in a bin at school
going on a blind date with a gassy guy
starting a grease fire and ruining my favorite pan ;^;7
not knowing if I got caught fapping and panicking
shaming people with mental illnesse
not realizing my fiance's mic wasn't muted
And could not iterate my appreciation.
Hsuwkwjd
making a joke to my roommate
TIFI I stabbed a baby bird and threw another one
Accidentally Dialing 911 During Sex
watching JoJo’s bizarre adventure
thinking I’m a hero
Update for "Wrong Bathroom"
listening (okay singing along to) Karaoke versions of 'Into the Unknown' on our work YouTube account.
TAKING A VACATION
Knocked my gfs tooth out her mouth.
eating pizza with a weird topping (gross, warning).
When I Barbecued My Daughter's Homework
and got my friend kidnapped
accidentally letting go of my cart in a parking lot accidentally letting go of my cart in a parking lot
not removing my 200$ rugby mouthguard from my pants before washing
shaving my ears.
posting naked in the photo shoot
giving my ex a 5th chance
looking like an idiot at the gym
setting off the fire alarm at my bf’s family’s house when everyone was asleep
pretending to be a school shooter
taking ambien
acting like a teenager and not going easy on a girl who is less than half my age.
breaking the trust my GF had in me
massaging my little sister's boobs while she was asleep
trying something new in my personal time
and accidentally exposed my sister’s best friend as a non-virgin to her future husband.
getting caught masturbating by my mother.
singing Hickory Dickory Dock and a bunch of other idiotic silly kindergarten songs with my younger sister while unknowingly LEAVING MY MIC ON during one of the lectures...
taking a deathly shit in my bumble date’s bathroom, then convincing him he did it himself
starting a long distance relationship right before the pandemic
using hair removal cream on my balls...
putting a Jason DeRulo song on my kids’ Spotify playlist
making a joke in a Retirement Home
TIFY by learning motorcycle driving and went into incoming traffic in a curve (near death experience=
downloading neighbors by ring when I don't even have a ring doorbell
telling our waitress she reminded me of my highschool best friend
forgetting to cap an ink pen
I have been writing the word didn't wrong all this time
digging up the barn floor
locking myself out of neighbor's house while pet sitting for them
accidentally throwing something on the camp fire that I shouldn't have
peeing in a hotel plant pot
my sexy time
My Fast Food Was Served Without Gloves... And I Ate It :(
poisoning most of my school
accidently pressing my nose too tightly while up for a Sneeze.
writing in reverse during an interview for no reason whatsoever.
standing on my end table to close my window.
Terrifying the CFO of a company
buying a game for nearly 4 times its asking price
accidentally showing my mother furry art
being the only adult home with my newborn and passing out
mistaking a vape juice nic shot bottle for hayfever eye drops
I say who
bumping cars with my sex-buddy step-father
almost cutting my thumb off.
when she tried to eat my cock!
shitting on a wall
mentioning a porn-star instead of an actress
sending $900 of Doge coin to a random wallet and don’t know how.
telling my friend group I have a 2.5” incher
being an idiot and trying to climb into a nightclub in Mexico, falling on a gas pipe, causing a gas leak that led to the evacuation of two nightclubs and me being thrown in jail.
TIFI by being Pretty Fly For a White Guy...
kicking my friend out for eating my ice cream.
I made a “banging your mom” joke in a voice chat filled with mostly women
not realizing that fuzzy kiwis don't do that
asking someone about their lost shoe
Fuck gallowboob
Taking prescribed medication on r/pan and getting permanently ID banned
getting stuck in a boring lecture
making an enemy out of an old friend
accidentally letting the bull loose
throwing popcorn at Keanu Reeves
Sneaky cameras
3 months ago I fucked up and literally 1 hour ago I fucked up again!
Tearing my asshole leaving my ex’s place
making sex tapes with my husband
hitting my neighbors car with a golf ball
fingering a strangers ass crack
making the mistake in the first place
trying to be nice for someone for Christmas
submitting a school task that I copied from my friend but forgot to change the name
spitting on my potential new employer UPDATE
not getting the product first.
taking a shit on the street, again.
I ate l cookie dough
making a man think I was shitting on the ground
accidentally serving an African American gentleman two bananas at work.
A New mistake
Start the car! Start the car!
letting my guard down and secretly using my gaming pc
not understanding Instagram privacy and sharing my feet pics account
Roommate doesn't know how to say no
getting drunk and almost amputating my penis
using a meat slicer while jetlagged
I acted in probably the most disturbing way possible around my crush, and now they will never ever let me become friends with them.
chemically burning my nuts
scratching an itch and forgetting
nearly covering myself in chemical burns
not remembering how old a drink was before drinking it
teaching my toddler where her teeth are
exposing my very little social circle
Trying To Fix My Sleep Schedule And Ruining It Even More
poisoning myself and burning my butthole
nearly burning my kitchen down on 4tg of July
when the girl whose help I wanted with my crush told me she likes me
not washing my hands after fingering my ex-boyfriends butthole.
proposing my best friend
thanking my dog for peeing on me.
throwing a kennel haphazardly into my backyard shed.
forgetting that sometimes there is a tool for every job.
agreeing to come over to an ex-girlfriend's place (who I haven't seen in 9 years), which resulted in me staying for 5 days straight to help take care of her and her three-year-old daughter while she went on an alcoholic drinking binge
not closing my tabs with porn on them and my little sister finding out.
trying to be nice to children
By telling all my female co workers what they were like in bed
being a white guy in a majority white neighborhood.
Wrong oil
sending a porn link to my top recent contacts, including my mom very early in the morning.
TIFUpdate
wanting to be sexy
hissing at my girlfriend’s cat
telling my parents the truth about my brother
WhatsApp blunder
Having A Gin &amp; Tonic
taking a picture
getting perm-banned from a subreddit
having too much hope on my new pc
searching for porn at work because or muscle memory
Okay it wasnt really me that fucked up and it wasnt really today but...
reposting something with a racist term
forgetting to turn off my Bluetooth speaker when I went to the bathroom.
and basically blasted my little brother with Porn bc I was an idiot
assuming a small website I found years ago would still be alive, not closing the tab it was on before perusing Reddit, and returning.
replying to a message that said "Don't reply"
taking sexy nudes, but instead of saving them to memories, I sent them to my snap story for all to see.
urinating on the TV
using an someone's brick oven in not exactly the correct way and completely destroying their oven.
not closing my mouth
got caught checking my wife’s vagina temperature by her mom
UPDATE by giving a homeless man a place to live and then making him homeless again.
making my SO believe I cheat on him with my neighbor ... because I wanted to smoke weed
being polite to the cashier at Target
playing badminton outdoors with my little brother.
NSFW) by shaving my balls and almost ending a mans marriage
accidentally kicking a power outlet and causing a fire hazard
not hearing my dad walk in
and got skunked before an internship interview
saying something about a coworker’s hair in a video call
from comfert
finding a pen pal's irl account
turning around to take let my work buddy snap a photo of a ridiculous car.
not realizing the girl I was in love with, loved me too.
pretending to know a girl that I've never met before
reading my toddler a children's book about loss.
I have become Death, destroyer of worlds.
calling 911 to report a forest fire
accidentally calling my boyfriend by my friend's name while drunk
opening my curtains.
unintentionally being racist.
being frustrated at myself and taking it out on my boyfriend
not knowing that testicular torsion was not part of puberty
showing my kids a video
making an ‘alien noise’ and throwing a tennis ball
eating a muffin before a long flight.
going through my boyfriend's old messaged between girls he talked to before we met.
because my best friend drank my pee, and so did I
sticking it somewhere I shouldn’t have
playing Who Let The Dogs out while sexy time with my GF
vacuuming a bird.
going on a Walk and taking an involuntary bath
trying to use a coupon for a free Muffin...
watching porn while my girlfriend was home
when I forgot to clean up Bengay off of my bed.
TDIFU Watching YouTube on a Zoom call
hitting on the friend of a girl that I liked
aggroing another driver
Today I Fucked Up By Inadvertently Calling Someone A Worthless, Annoying C*nt In Front of His Mother
for making a comment about big age gab
potentially getting my friend’s PSN account banned
putting my toddler in underwear
not giving someone a chance to counter offer and costing myself $35k.
procrastinating on cleaning my room
not getting the flu shot
Messaging An Attractive Friend Of Mine
making a barista think I was going to stab him.
taking a shit on the street, again
Online Porn Can Be Sexually Healthy
injuring a poor Iguana
forgetting to put money in my account.
Buying condoms for the first time, I paid double because I was too embarrassed to ask for assistance in the self checkout.
falling for a scam
cleaning cat poop
showing my 11 year old sister’s friend my dick
starting a race war in my english class
how to make anal sex with no pain non tears!!!!!!
eating unhealthy and being unstealthy
putting a candle under my monitor.
stabbing my friend with my pencil
giving my poodle the shocker.
my knee!
trying to flush a popcorn bag down the toilet
leaving my "sleeve" out where my daughter could see it
not wearing shoes in an alteration shop
popping a HUGE blood blister on my inner thigh at my desk at work.
Headphone and Scissors
oversleeping for over an hour and missing something important
unintentionally killing a seagull
trying to mansplain to my gf how thermometers work...
I Created A Web Account With OP's E-Mail
being too horny and now I’m scared I’ll get coronavirus
trying to be polite to my neighbors
being a spider trying to find a new house.
Making A Donation
Inconclusive COVID test costs me £100
joking about a heart attack
eating chips off the ground
making a racial joke without realizing it, insulting my O.T
Today I fucked up by letting myself get stung by a bee when I have horrible allergies to them.
making spicy chicken wings...
accidentally poisoning myself with a house plant...
Showing Up to Work
Existing.
giving my dogs a treat thus starting a fight in my family.
with low battery at a bad time
Killing the Funnel Cake Machine
self diagnosing myself with genital warts and not having sex for 3 years because of it
making my mom cry by accidentally saying gay parents are better than her
botching a promposal rap in a Scooby-Doo costume at halftime of a basketball game
cutting a bunch of jalapenos without gloves on
sneaking into my ex's apartment to decorate for halloween while he was at work
By telling my best friend I couldn’t ever replace her and then replacing her the same month
I put my cock in the toaster
not questioning.
leaving my diary out for my mom to find
Today my wife fucked up by saying hello to a guy, who was walking by our house and eyeballing us, as we got home from grabbing dinner.
causing 30,000$ worth of damage
so this started 13 years go when I crashed snowboarding
posting a nude on reddit &amp; my brother saw
causing my best friend of 3 years to cut me off - even though deep down I didn’t do anything wrong.
not flirting back with the cashier at WaWa
seeking help for my depression
How Much Does Cialis Cost?
committing a class c felony at 11 years old
laying pipe at an in-law's home in a foreign country (with pictures)
saying my opinion on live.
not locking the front door...
i broke my tv bc minecraft?
TIFY by not knowing the difference between I owe you and You owe me
h
peeing my pants.
not knowing how to use my oven
hiding when maintenance came
over feeding the family goldfish
making cake-frosting patty'sToday I Fucked Up by making cake-frosting patty's
fapping and not cleaning
accidentally taking the wrong pill
allowing the fiance to name our kid.
sleeping through new years during my sickness driven 20 minute nap, and my family not realising my pain and thinking I was hallucinating :(
leaving my phone open in school.
using innapropriate referencing towards my professors in an emal
potentially unintentionally making a racist joke
wearing glasses when half asleep
forgetting to get pain meds after my teeth got pulled.
saying something I shouldn't have said
forgetting to bring my shoes on a hiking trip.
chasing an emotional high with nutmeg (NSFW)
drinking alcohol and taking antidepressants
Not realizing I was going to be garnished by way of bank!
commenting "if u wanna talk to me u can do that alright?"
emailing an incredibly stupid picture of myself to my professor for no reason
cutting myself off from ALL of my friends.
Looking at a stranger while chewing gum
WE DON'T GIVE A FUCKBIF IT HAPPENED 17 YEARS AGO OR 2 SEXONDS AGO. WE WANT YOU TO:
I'm a fucking idiot and woke up my entire neighbourhood while on 300ug last night
merging my work and home addresses
spreading a rumour that could have led to me having to pay a $250k fine...
stabbing my friend
unknowingly asked for gossip on a really touchy subject
getting into a fight with a homeless person over him hogging up the line at a gas station to feed his wild pet raccoon a slushy.
lying about a reason to WFH and now I need medical docs proving I'm ashmatic
showing my family my birthday gift
making poor dietary choices before and during a date...
ruining a three year old friendship
telling a patient their surgeon is incompetent before they fell asleep
Fat people Handicapped?
sucking my boyfriends dick
Rick-Rolling High School After Hours
Idiots eat extremely hot peppers
washing my clothes carelessly.
Today I fucked up by trying to mount a curb sideways on a bike on no food and 2 hours of sleep.
eating a whole rack of ribs changing my profile location in OkCupid and pretending to be in England
accidentally drinking from someone else’s water bottle at the gym
accidentally swiping right on my cousin on Tinder
showing pictures of my dad with another woman.
not waiting for ordering an rtx 2060, when 2080ti’s are now $300
Remote PE is confusing...
trying to spice up my sex life by letting my partner put orbeez into my vagoo
accidentally unmuting myself in online class
Was too honest to a friend on discord
making my specialist think I'm suicidal.
sending a FB legacy contact request
being honest on a course critique
going out in the snow in my POS Corolla, and getting stuck three times.
What is Red Tea Detox?
watching the space shuttle landing
giving bad advice.
almost killing a man with a football from the 36th floor
leaving my car in reverse when I thought it was in drive at my friend's house
Jumping out a window and trying to start a fight
accidentally poisoning my family
messing up the dates of my final exams.
having a vividly real dream, that came true in an unexpected way....
relying on my grandfathers “Rolex” as an emergency fund
i ate my sisters boyfriends brothers christmas present
Been ghosted twice now (repost)
unmuting myself and moaning for a dare in class.
talking about my crush when she was on the same bus as me
swearing in my cv
drinking to much at a school party
sending an Email. It's worse than it sounds.
snuggling with my puppy
showing my doctor self harm scars.
shooting 50 rolls of film in the former Soviet Union through a broken camera.
because I had sung the phrase "are you dumb, stupid or dumb?" to a preschooler
eating my butt crack hair. TW?
Ruining The Moneyshot
trying to listen to some classical music to get my sleep but dialing 911 instead
Minutes ago I was making spaghetti
following the lazy side of my brain and basically covering the living floor in beetjuice.
buying a mattress for my mattress
taking shirtless selfies with my own phone.
nearly cutting my finger off
packing a bowl for for by boyfriend
going to a gore sub, expecting nothing bad, and having my mind essentially destroyed.
surviving a suicide attempt
accidentally adding myself and entire office to the FBI watch list (probably)
I streamed pickle asmr right in front of my class.
not realizing sooner that my ADHD has been wreaking havoc on my attempts at dating.
having to scoop my own turds out of the toilet
teaming up with my inept cat
Waking my coworkers daughter at 3am
Ear wax disaster
ignoring my resting heart rate of 140BPM
Trying To Fuck My Sister's Friend Who Came Over During My Nephew's Birthday (the other day)
buying my brother drinks and taking him on the freeway.
Dreamt my mom told me I can go back to bed
I accidentally added my exgf's previous ex on Snapchat.
sanding a girl I met online a bunch of pictures of herself after the first date.
speeding and getting a ticket
not listening to my wife
NOT JOINING THIS TELEGRAM CHANNEL FOR FREE NETFLIX ACCOUNT(s)
pissing my bed
snapping a tree branch barefoot.
coming out as straight
cutting my toenails
Coronavirus made me snap!!!
using my neighbours wifi
I fucked up by eating a 400mg edible in a single run
watching jojo
letting my dog sleep on my bed
not closing a freaking door
calling my gf my partner to a Corporate Exec at my job
faking a heart attack and going to the hospital
being an elusive waste bandit.
pretending my friend was my son
being late by 2hrs ,and ill laugh at this rest of myife
posting checking account on fb
trying to crowdsurf at a concert and nearly broke my tailbone
making my Granddad think I had drowned myself in the bathtub.
The sweetest kind of When you realise it's,
grabbing a tuba
drinking on an empty stomach
trying to clean my PS4 Pro
making tea without my glasses
pretending to be asleep, RIP
not saving a fish.
It appears I am allergic to the tingling tanning lotion
using my reversing cameras
trying to fix a broken toilet seat at my work on my own
Think I found the group I was looking for.
accidentally fully insulting this genuinely lovely and fascinating person that I was texting.
showing up a day late to the airport
not putting the soup base in my ramen
I made a mistake while Diving.
teaching my cat to jump on my shoulders
undercooking some food and later blocking my sink.
riding on a go kart (nsfw-ish)
threatening to kill each and every one of my friends
having to sneezing at the wrong time
changing my 1 month old son's diaper
arguing with my dad
not buying juice my wife didn't want
Almost burned my fucking house down
Accidentally Taking A Massive Diarrhea Dump On My Dog.
using a cock sleeve on my girlfriend
sharing my girlfriends NSFW pics on my family holiday group
misapprehended ‛Dusk' as ‛Dawn'.
deep heat gel in the wrong place
wearing the wrong coat to the Ann Frank house
I got pissed on
locking myself and my husband out of our new apartment at 11pm after a 10hr drive to get here
watching a ad
not having ears
for taking too much LSD and waking up in the hospital
drinking too much...
cussing in front of my nephew
forgetting the key to my military locker at home
I bought a new light.. trying to take my friends picture.
for deleting by 2 year old Minecraft world.
risking my life to retrieve my drone up a mountain
By drinking a few glasses of wine and then waking up tipsy and hungry
going to the sperm clinic at night
telling a customer I’m an alcoholic
My son in now Mr.Clean and it's my fault.
trying to install win7 on my old laptop.
test
deciding to use the hose to spray the floor of the garage
Tofu by finding out my second stimulus payment is on a card I dont have anymore
eating an edible before knowing anything about them.
being dumb and thinking that FAQ was a slur and quitting my volunteer job as a teen
destroying a ten-year relationship with "prank phone calls"
snorting lysol
scrolling Reddit home feed
confessing a friend on Fortnite...
listening to jack stauber
calling my wife a bitch
sharing conspiracy theories with my mom
taking a 23 and me test
forgetting to close the tabs
pushing my sister
telling my dean I have a headache
realizing I haven’t changed my air filter in over 2 years
I sharted and my boyfriend complimented me
online class with mic
drinking water when I woke up.
admitting I have terrible hygiene
making math metal again
badgering my wife about the safety of raw eggs until she broke
letting my GF sees photo of me fucking my ex on my phone
Dumb and dump
getting scammed out of £1,200..
chewing gum while at Costco
waiting to move.
being sneaky and forgetful at the same time (wholesome/Xmas)
sexy sexing my sexy sex sexer
cracking a tooth in quarantine
Putting My Hand In A Kitchen Aid
MAKING THIS
and got knocked out by a six year old
trying to show off my phone's durability.
rear-ending a car at a roundabout
playing badminton with my almost 80 years old dad.
trusting my bowels
joining r/
super gluing my nether regions shut.
forging a signature and turning it in the day it was assigned.
knocking over a co-workers coffee with an unexpected erection of mine
KAREN says i ate a rock
not using incognito for looking at NSFW images
making a series of poor decisions that lead to me farting loudly in public
Forgot to take my retainer out....
sexting and working on a group project at the same time.
Today I fucked up by destroying a fucking picture
Humorous car conversation gets awkward fast.
using the WRONG bathroom
Personalised skincare
being bitter and letting my granddad know there’s a secret that I found out yesterday and he’s the last to know
drawing on my girlfriend with blood during sexy times
TIFUpdate - I laughed at my alcoholic uncle
sex on sex on sex
giving my step-dad a full frontal show
being too honest
Order for the wrong address
smooth-braining and forgetting to put on a condom
getting poop everywhere giving my son and daughter a sex talk, TOGETHER!
buying garbage bags that smell like ass
using hair removal cream on my balls
being stressed in class
having a threesome with my girlfriend and her friend
Because I'm Almost About To Be Kidnapped
accidentally making a urine bomb and saving my life
chinning my nan
mistakenly thinking CAYENNE pepper was PAPRIKA
deleting my own instagram account
remembering the wrong Butt comic to a coworker while they were looking over my shoulder.
falling asleep while watching Netflix with damp hair
turning a dishwasher into a dish-dirtier
being too nice and not understanding social question at work
making my boyfriend buy a ginger root and he got charged with a misdemeanor because the cops thought it was paraphernalia
Almost Completly ruined the vows at my uncles wedding
making my mom think I was kidnapped and call the police.
whacking myself in the face with a piece of wood
leaving my "mcdonalds sprite" on the counter
accidentally calling a Mexican friend an illegal immigrant
sending an unsolicited full frontal pic to a guy I’ve known for 10+ years
Fuck you mods
improperly storing tree sap and ruining my kid's syrup dream for 2020
messaging my MIL
having a sexual dream about Voldemort
misunderstanding the return button
probably making my neighbor think I was sneaking on her (trigger alert: cockroaches)
setting Adolf Hitler as my phone's wallpaper
exposing a true rumor in my office
getting salmonella
telling a receptionist I’d grope her
accidentally tricking a couple into attending a fake Valentines Event
video calling my crush and best friend in midnight out of nowhere blaming my husband for losing my keys.
hiding Christmas gifts on the bed of the intended recipient
destroying months worth of research because I forgot to close a valve
having my phone quote a movie line and looking like I was masterbating at my grandmother's zoom funeral
mistaking a date and messing up a family vacation and wasting hundreds of dollars
giving someone a massive bruise from my saxophone
stapling my balls to my leg
not being a very good boyfriend
wearing new shoes
telling my christian mom "I hope I won't find anything weird in your closet"
doing webcam sex
shitting on my grandmothers floor
doing the #onechipchallenge
telling my coworker I was gay without realizing it.
telling a guy I met from a dating app I used to be an escort &amp; he stole my phone
playing volleyball (Long)
taking my mom to a military base to get bagels
accidentally exposing my brother
spending over 3 days reading a knockoff Harry Potter book which ruined my childhood dreams
wearing a dress that didn’t quite fit
proposing a new video game platform
attacking an Enderman
thinking a house was going to explode
Unintentionally called my "plus-sized" best friend conventionally unattractive
Almost sank my car in snow&amp;mud
followung trumps advice (I'm not sure if this is a fuck up yet, let's just give it a while)
accidentally having piss in my mouth
Called my teacher a racial slur not waiting to look up something questionable until I got home.
behaving like a crazy person in front of my husband's boss.
watching incest porn
asking a customer if they needed help.
just realizing that the chimney has been left open in my house for three years
smoking a cana vape for the first time
exercising in a park
putting my roommates $250 controller on my lap.
“hacking my schools internet”
getting my English teacher's WC completely demolished
gay dancing
taking a roach bath
b/c I simply took a screenshot for a planned Reddit story, and it ended up ruining a year-long friendship...
losing my Airpods Pro
not pooping for 5+ days
So  not seeing the hints I think
underestimating my period
installing a bouncy castle for my 2.5-year-old son and instantly injuring him on it
flirting with a girl by talking about her socks
confessing to my crush of 6 years
Walked in on parents
forgetting to mute my mic in Zoom class
thinking today was tomorrow
being stupid and not following my gut.
throwing a drink at a guy who propositioned me for a threesome
"waiting it out" and missing my opportunity
ignoring a Big-Ass Spider.
Today I fucked up by giving my tongue a chemical burn...
accidentally picking up the fapping material at the Worship Center
letting my wife trade in our bicycles for store credit.
breaking my husband’s heart by letting him play with a darling little Beagle puppy
not locking my phone like an idiot
mowing the lawn burning my face off with gasoline
calling 911 for no reason
thinking it’s fine with staying up the entire night
putting ranch in my friend’s backpack.
leaving my little cousin alone for two minutes while i go to the bathroom
My ass was on fire
stuttering
swallowing my septum piercing jewellery
Gum in hair after school special
setting my boyfriend’s penis on fire.
Being Burnt-Out and Messing Up My Tone at Work
playing with my aunt.
sending a stupid email at work
and thoroughly lit my nostril on fire
finally befriending my neighbor and finding out that 2 people died in my house the year before I bought it.
making a joke in front of an autistic kid.
picking up a joint infront of my history teacher
telling my drill sergeant a Christmas joke.
TIFUI Rental car got stolen
booking tickets to Italy
saving a document under a derogatory term about a coworker then sent it to a multiuser email which he was part of and so was the Squadron Commander
cleaning my weed grinder with fire
driving my car while the engine overheated
I NEED YOUR HELP
Today I posted a semi nude
making a sister who loves "pranks" angry
saying my gf that I have to stay late for work for a week
touching myself.
watching Hentai with headphones
helping collect my youngest niece from school.
being impatient.
pissing on my face
calling my teacher a cunt (NSFW?)
having a panic attack
having a porn link on a Army Staff Meeting Slide
exposing myself on Zoom
Sucking My Own Dick In Front Of My Girlfriend
not listening to a Doctor’s advice
Think I overdosed last night
making an inadvertently making an inappropriate sexual comment to my teenage stepdaughter
PLEASE HELP ME
half-joking about picking up a shift for cookies
asking if my friend works
leaving my mic on
Browsing Reddit At Work on The Toilet
I 'lost' my phone whilst speaking on it
removing the post-op threats on my vagina 10 days after the surgery by myself
possibly dislocating my (14M)best friends (3F)little sisters arm
telling the wrong guy I'm super into him
Almost got my best friends boyfriend shot, by her!
Parked in-between two van-accessible parking spots, and got yelled at!
having my boyfriend give me a ride
insulting a guy at a golf tournament.
mishandling a sexual predator situation.
slicing my hand open on a first-aid kit
inadvertently sending a photo of my buttplug to my entire husband's family
locking myself out of my car 10 minutes after making a spare key for it
selling videos of myself to a stranger (NSFW).
cutting off a piece of "thread" from my "headband."
leaving a bathtub filled with pubes.
listening to my Mom
not recognizing sarcasm on Reddit resulting in me being permabanned from r/WTF
Just spectacularly fell on my ass.
being locked in a cemetery on New Year's Eve
Making an Inappropriate Comment at a Funeral
I'm one of those guys that keeps the trahs in my pocket but ...
on my job application
For years, I have been unknowingly asking Filipino couples if they eat pussy!
having explicit passwords
crying during sex.
nearly labeling myself a nazi
guessing what my wife got me for Christmas.
ending things with a girl causing her to have a total mental meltdown
trying to humanely dispatch a deer
posting a cute picture of my cat on social media &amp; sending it to my family/friends.
having a firework punch me in my eyeball, leaving me a blind spot, screaming, &amp; in the Hospital for 6 hours.
using DoorDash and not checking my account
fapping
not turning on the light and forgetting I had a bike.
losing a horse belonging to 3 kids under 10
sitting in a recliner
inviting my folks to my MiL’s
leaving my vibrator on my nightstand.
breaking up with my girlfriend before getting the 200 dollars she owes me
unfollowing everyone on Instagram
making the meerkats hate me
telling a black man to wash his hands because they're dirty
scheduling the wrong licensing exam
just now realizing my live stream has been up for the last 12 hours.
because I missed the bus in the most elaborately stupid way possible.
washing a dildo in our washing machine.
when I ripped one while I was trying to listen to the patient's heartbeat.
starting a conversation with a "person of interest" to one of my friends
forgetting what bottle was in my hand
blowing my nose on bread
trying to learn how to apply a car wrap Breaking My FWB/ONS rules.
Accidentally hitting a woman in the face
getting my first kiss from a drunk girl.
letting my friend own a computer.
hanging photos of my friend inside my shower, and she saw them.
reporting my wallet lost before looking in the most obvious place
making sexual comments about a 16 year old in the presence of my girlfriend
accepting an offer to grad school which I can not afford to
finding my crush's Reddit account (again)
I made a homemade pocket pussy and I regret it.
I "forced" myself onto my pet cat.
telling my German teacher about a book
Today I posting a fake story in R/
TUFI By listening to the radio Short Post
lending my dad a camera with my nudes on it.
sending a video of me singing to my new leasing office.
punching my wife
tripping on my way out of the bathroom
having my son put together his Valentine's
giving my cat rice
(not) trying to kidnap my neighbor’s cat
making mac and cheese
trying to dupe a drug test.
trashing a gift I got from my in-law right before I opened it
using the online version of python.
announcing my bowel movements
for trusting websites that say ad next to it
jokeing with a classmates about schoolthreaths
Telling a girl to look something up
blowing a cloud of smoke into my landlords face
being a creep at a local amine Convention
trying to surprise my sister, and accidentally breaking one of her precious things - she’ll be home in a few hours
going back in time.
not realizing my headphones had a microphone in them.
having too much to drink
trying to give myself a hickey on my boob.
Am I the buthole for not sharing my toothpaste?
Lit some candles, broke my pc
using a button maker
buying my coworker coffee
asking my new sweetie to develop my photos
TIFUpdate, waited to ask a girl out because I wanted to do it on new year's eve.
1
finding out I have Asperger's Syndrome
making fun of a dead lady's name.
sleeping in online class
I (17M) accidentally killed my dog
Hi, i went to the internet and bought a lot of stuff over 800€, now i dont know what to do because i‘m just 16 and addicted to weed too and I can’t tell my parents because they would kill me... Help going to an arcade bar for my first date with a younger man
destroying my Aunt's entire Swarovski Crystal collection
using/letting my baby feed from one side for too long..
getting my haircut
wasting a full mark on my math exam
at the drugstore.
telling people that I’m allergic to the sun my whole life (29)
lighting firecrackers in my town
teaching my kitten to jump onto my lap.
Introducing My Girlfriend to My Wetting Fetish
accidentally playing porn through my Bluetooth speaker
trying to build a computer for the first time.
thinking a girl was in 5th grade
thinking I could keep parking illegally....and ruining my car
By gouging part of my knee off
pushing my mom
numbing my boyfriend's tongue with my vagina
clicking on a mysterious link and having my sister think I was getting off to hentai
accidentally killing my little bug friend.
grabbing my pizza deliver girl's breasts
looking at memes in r/worldpoliticsIf finally happen; r/worldpolitics betrayed me
only just learning how to say my ex's name
letting my bedroom's window open
'blowing up' the drama studio on press night.
Fell asleep on a work zoom call
hanging an elf on the shelf in front of my teacher
not being good at spelling
for not knowing how to take a left turn
accidentally finding and erasing recordings/evidence from when I was a teenager.
I Ate Some Dog Treats Because of "I-Read-On-The-Internet"
tripping balls on LSD while at Christmas Dinner
exploring with the Randonautica app and fracturing my ribs.
having a pilonidal cyst pop on my first ever uberpool ride
Leaving the Door Unlocked While Having Sex at My Parent’s House
creating an issue I was trying to prevent.
quoting Shakespeare at an expectant father
flushing a shit-filled toilet...
being too damn honest for my own good
brushing with my poop brush
not knowing how to use Pinterest
not putting away the salad bowl
running Copenhagen through the wash.
playing loud music at midnight. TL;DR and picture at the bottom
Trusting My Mom
Ahem the Microphone
having a pilonidal cyst pop during my first ever uber rideshare
skating down a sloped street without brakes
cumming in a shampoo bottle.
passing my brother-in-law
Today I Fucked Up by watching rugby and yelling a slur
possibly getting arrested for selling child porn
buying expensive dishwasher tablets
showering with my husband
attacking my neighbor's kids with cat poop
showing a r/aww post to a stranger
I didn't tell my wife I slipped up on Nicotine
asking a girl her weight
playing football after quarantine
intentionally publicly embarrassing my coworker because I thought he was intentionally producing subpar work to be passive aggressive.
not having my ID or any money
Today I fucked up by wondering why I didn’t have a day off school
letting my $300 Craftsmen tool set get full of rain.
not using the bathroom
assuming someone knew how to operatea floor buffer
making a 69 joke to an elderly lady
Having Allergic Dermatitis for 4 Years, and then Trying to Burn it off with Vinnegar
making a good post on the wrong subreddit.
Mary Queen of Scots brought her dog to her execution under her dress, basically an emotional support dog!
I let a finance bro rummage through my tub of collected vests
forgetting what Endermen were called
Me(27M) misses very obvious signs(in retrospect) that a women(32F) likes him
finding out my dad was stealing from me for drug money
a fish bone.
blacking out in a Zoom drinking party
submitting a sacrilegious poem at a catholic school
leaving a voicemail that melted my brain
cancelling my phone insurance first and then breaking my home button in the same day.
awkwardly linking arms with the person I was interviewing.
not naming my group chats and accidentally texting my boyfriend’s BROTHER about period sex
need dental work
cursing on a call with my boss
accidentally telling my friend to say hello to her dead grandmother
ruining a girl's surprise
getting out of the bed too quickly.
getting checked for chrona and being treated like a kid and caught the dude touching his pp
Allways add water to the noods
leavin my typewriters ribbon near the floor
blacking out and scaring someone away from me. Sorry Spacepotato.
not tightening the lug nuts on my wheel and crashing my car...
Divorcing over reddit.
having nerve damage and letting my 5-year-old use VapoRub
letting my boyfriend use icy hot on his balls
eating baby cockroaches for breakfast
finishing inside my GF
giving my mum a foot massage with my gloves on
being a coomer.
getting a boner during my dentist appointment
eating a lot of edibles and my farts and poop smelling like absolute dank.
ruining everyone’s night with my farting.
Scooping My Poop into a Trash Can
Lying about my religious beliefs and getting 'exorcised'
opening a opening a tweet in front of my SO
accidentally singing “if I win the lottery you’ll never see me again. I’ll be downtown, get a nice studio...” from in the heights in a convo with my fam about what we’d do if we won the lottery.
for airdropping my moms nudes.
crashing into the fence of my supervisor's neighbor on my first day
calling my doctor “daddy”
not renewing a domain
pointing out the dispensary
Bobby
By farting and waking up my girlfriend.
and insisted an old man rub his hands on my pants
not making a move
wearing a pink thong under my white shorts to the gym. (21/m)
yelling, “What are you, blind?” to a blind person
swearing like a sailor during a job interview exam.
letting my tutor read gossip about him.
shouting What a shit company at my workplace
but Im pretty sure sucking dick saved my life
telling my family and my closest friend I was m*lested
registering my father-in-law’s truck in a different state.
getting drunk and texting my crush
calling my two female dogs "two big gorls"
splooging on my girlfriend
recommending a podcast episode to my in-laws before I’d finished listening to it and without noting the episode title.
Cvgh
bending over
spilling Rogaine on my stomach
using a fat burning cream to masturbate
trying to get my friend suspended on playstation for bullying me and ended up getting everyone in my friend group banned..
Make yourself as a lucky lottery legend step by step. Start from this first click for S&amp; P iPhone XS
bringing my bf to a housitting, doing the deed then being informed that there was a camera inside the house
sending my wife romantic choir at her work
Met my boyfriend’s mother while hiding on her balcony
trying to buy a stoner box
thinking my fiancé and I were home alone.
being too rough and telling my boyfriend about it
and got kicked out my family group chat a Doge meme
riding a flat wall.
throwing my shirt to the laundry basket
Brain go brrrt
Making my former boss think I was going to kill myself
pooing on my boyfriends couch (literally 20 minutes ago)
receiving a handjob
having to get a full rectal exam.
walking into a store 12 minutes before closing
finding two baby moles
accidentally posting a picture that said anal destruction in my photography classes zoom chat
eating an entire batch of weed brownies and convincing myself I don’t exist
accidentally using a girl's washroom
dancing to groove on wet floor
How I ruined my chance at a threesome
channeling a German too much
TIFUpdate by telling my grown-ass college students what contraceptives are at a conservative Christian university
taking my dog on a walk...
going on a logging road and ripping the oil pan off in my car and out of sheer panic tried driving home and seized the motor
going home 5 minutes early. (S)
spraying myself in the face with my own diarrhea
not hiding my vibrator well enough (part 2)
cutting my armpit hair
hallucinating and thought I saw a cockroach.
Emergency Service
breaking my wrist in a zoom call
leaving 10lbs of raw chicken in my wife's car during a heatwave.
Reviews are there for a reason
destroying a 1,200 dollar computer.
accidentally making my Facebook friends think I am antisemitic
storing expensive alcohol on top of my fridge
not checking details on HS I chose
sharing a funny video that resulted in a breakup
edibles...
Showing my sister the PornHub startup noise
ordering a turntable
sitting next to a five year old kid because I thought he was a midget, mom had gone to bathroom.
for forgetting to dry my hands
failing to get an interview at Oxford university again
bringing my phone into the port a potty at work and waking up ten minutes later with gorilla panic bc I didn’t know where I was.
not creating a new account to make up a fake story for upvotes.
shouting "are you fucking kidding me?" In a work conference phone call from my car
dipping my joint in hummus
having too much butterfish and shooting out orange liquid from my ass. putting a whole vial of perfume on my junk *NSFW*
I Hate my Life because I’ll never find love
running for the bus
smoking cigarettes in my kitchen before bed
tumbling on the treadmill
getting chocolates for valentines day.
That went well... I guess my sense of humour isn’t for everyone!
when I couldn't find my phone
slapping a random girl's ass
ripping one in the car on a first date.
eating the contents of a diaper.
taking laxatives
not realizing I’m allergic to bananas, and making my coworkers think I’m a dumbass
Petition for to be renamed to ODIFU (One Day I Fucked Up)
Was cutting out card board and accedectaly cut my finger, and one day later it's still bleeding
having a horrifying sleep paralysis ended up not knowing what's real and what's not and gave my self a serious injury
eating Taco Bell and drinking coffee
Badly
ruining my husband's English education
bursting into hysterical, uncontrollable laughter during sex with my girlfriend
and destroyed my roommate's Wii U video game console
misleading my Ex-Girlfriend into thinking that im not over her yet
Mammoth mistake at Mammoth Campgrounds.
flashing my coworkers
making my wife a face shield
being on my period with a dog around
taking 5 gas station dick pills at once
Trying to Keep my School Safe
SWALLOWING MY OWN CUM
so bad
eating a popsicle
accidentally causing my possibly dying grandmother grief
electrocuting myself in the shitter.
being too nice to a potential roommate and inviting a pervert into my apartment
I waxed myself
cutting the tip of my finger off
not filling my fish aquarium up with water
not clearing my recently deleted
cuz i caused my uncle and his friend to fight and start playing like literal bumper cars right in front of me lol
not checking my old email and missing out on the chance of a lifetime
drinking cold tomato soup
paying someone to shop with us.
trying to throw up my mom’s cake and making her think I have an eating disorder
being Asian in a hospital
telling my family I can't do nothing about my brothers tablet
ignoring red flags that I knew where there and losing $900
drinking a beer at 3am
trying to be "productive" and "concentrating" on my studies and career, being a thorough perfectionist. Some Thoughts.
Did Business with a Pill Seeking Karen
LOSING MY FIRST PLAYSTATION ACCOUNT
Urinary Incontinence Malfunction
saying my teacher's beard is wack
getting my first kiss on Halloween
saying to my father's Buisniess associate that I do not eat meat
having a testicular torsion after rolling in bed
making spicy chicken wings with Da Bomb hot sauce...
almost giving me and my colleagues heartattacks
taking a shit in a Syrian desert infront of 50 people
drawing a swastika and making people think i was hateful
connecting to the Bluetooth soundbar
getting COVID, eating chicken, and farting
at lunch after a dentist appointment
trying out weightlifting and squashing my testicle.
assuming my glass pitcher was heatproof (spoiler: it wasn’t)
washing my electric solder iron
Skipping Senior Prom
probably eating too much yesterday and merely shitting myself to death
I shit my pants whilst running full speed.
shitting my pants and now I don't have a phone
pushing a dead car uphill in the freezing cold for almost two hours
not dropping my glasses in the toilet
going to the gym after (safely) hanging out with friends.
table saw met fingers and stupidity,
forgetting to put away my fleshlight
painting my house without checking the weather forecast
missing a flight to see my girlfriend
farting in the bath and sharting in the sofa after
shooting my partners cum in his mouth
trying to carry a cup of juice, a cup of beer and a fully loaded plate of nachos down a flight of stairs...
forgetting camera basics in front of a pro
almost getting caught in the middle of sex in the kitchen by my father in law
talking about my hip injury at a Cross Country meet
giving my family the flu before our first vacation in 5 years.
First post, not too big but it just happened.
telling my job that someone in my family has coronavirus
confusing my French class and frustrating my professor
accidentally typing the wrong email address when sending my resume to a friend
sending my mate a 'dad joke' when his dad passed away ;-(
telling her secrets and thinking of lying to her.
watching interrogation of a murderer on youtube
being so desperate for a girl back I sent her multiple videos of me singing love songs for her, and in the end she friend zoned me.
stink bombing my own bedroom.
Eating Raw Shrimp for Nearly a Month
getting my baby momma’s cousin and pregnant.
researching D&amp;D character names
rejecting a new attractive coworker who was flirting with me and didn’t realize i was married- I dont wear a ring
trying to download a movie from a torrent site.
getting caught trying self bondage...
bringing up my roommate's long distance girlfriend.
weed whacking the lawn..
shaving my head... mom was not happy
posting a shit post meme on a brand account I run.
somewhat revealing myself in an online class
the telling the friendly delivery driver “I was looking at her on the tracker” 😳😳
golfing at my university and breaking a massive window
making a sex-tape and later on sending said sex-tape to my mom.
TFU by not reading the rules and being temporarily banned from my favorite subreddit
accidentally flashing my in laws
ending a date with a pat on the back
clicking on a familiar face on twitter.
eating my dogs dandruff
Sending a picture holding a blank piece of paper to a friend.
looking like an ass in front of a teacher on the first week of school
talking about anime around my mom
paddling in a river
outright telling my boyfriend I didn’t like my Christmas present.
more like a few years ago) By breaking my glasses.
basically farting in the CEO’s wife’s face
playing drunk Jenga in 7000ft elevation and proclaiming my love to the equipment guy
taking a dab
Saying 'Fuck You' in a Zoom Class. With My Mic On.
making sure I didn't have diabetes.
Not fixing the convertible top when it broke. 2 months later it rained and damaged the interior.
crashing my own Job Interview
taking my shoes off in the gym
stealing my friend's sister's panties
ruining my friends engagement
accidentally peeing on my girlfriend
By having my ohone still connected to sisters speaker
Accidental picture
making a joke and getting kicked out of the interview for a real good job
doing the same thing twice
almost got into an accident in a freeway due to my iphones “headphone safety”
My Boyfriend Fucked Up Today
NSFW Awkward sex encounter
magnesium shittrate
mixing Chlorine and White Vinegar to clean my kitchen
dropping one of my airpod pros in to the toilet.
talking to an old toxic friend
be complaining during an online class
with a carrot cake muffin
when I built a new laptop for the CEO
laughing in a reading.
not knowing what r/sounding was and opening it in public
making my dad think I ordered a huge dildo
reading the ancestry results of my DNA test
accidentally cleaning my guinea pig's cage with pepper spray
sleeping with my wife
rupturing my eardrum and then pouring Hydrogen Peroxide inside.
THE POLICE IS GOING TO FUCK YOU IN THE JAIL
magnesium shitrate
Tide by almost killing someone
treating my boyfriend’s trusted belongings like trash
Dropping My Newly Bought iPhone XR... twice!
using a classmates xbox account and making him loose his games
screaming as loud as I could
treating myself to some late night Ben n Jerry's
Trying To Make My Mac and Cheese "Fancy"
making a shit post on reddit
cuddling with my friend to sleep
telling my best friend that he’s not my type
Picking up a curbside lunch order.
never giving my son any privacy on the computer and now he's completely cut off all contact with me.
getting stranded on a beach with my SO after feeding the kitty
clapping at someone's funeral procession
being early to class
being an alcoholic
telling a grieving widow to download tinder
accidentally severely bottlenecking my PC for over 3 years.
making someone think I wanted to fuck them...
Hitting a kid with a car door
looking at paperwork
asking out a friend's roommate after I wrongly assumed she was interested in me.
I might have given a girl in my personal fitness a concussion.
scrolling Reddit while tired.
sending my crush awkward messages when I was dead asleep
spraining my ankle... again. And now I can't leave work.
going to the store
inviting a friend of a friend to stay with us for a week... she is now staying a month.
went to have sex with a woman, wasn't a woman
consuming an alarming amount of sodium..
losing a condom inside me from doing a kiegel while having sex.
getting offered a job
deleting a very important email
I failed a drug test without doing drugs
sexing my sexy sex!!!!!!!
writing an email
losing my grandmother’s ring.
misnaming an actress
shouting to myself (and scary the elderly postman to death)
letting my dad into the house
being unmuted in zoom
making a terrarium into a door busting fertilizer bomb
helping a friend discard of a fish.
My parents fucking
hating on a router
using Google Photos
masturbating my cat by accident
asking my friend not to drink for a half a day trip
By taking too big of a dab hit
mutilating a cat I was supposed to be taking care of, during the week of my Master's thesis defense
masturbating excessively
(TIFUpdate) My bank accoount is no longer overdrawn!
submitting a dick pic instead of a Google Classroom assignment for my son
not unsubscribing to when it became a porn site.
Getting Fired From My Dream Job
showing my balls to a girl on omegle
taking the fattest shit of my whole life.
Holly war
really bad. Please read the text, I need to know how to make things right.
taking dietary supplements
agreeing to do something with my brother-in-law
Online debate tomorrow
my chemistry test
telling a customer to say please
almost making the constructor workers think my best friend had died
combing the cat
sharing my screen with my project peers
USE TL:DR correctly
closing the oven door
saying I would “rape” someone
being a creepy weirdo and not thinking before I speak.
sending an e-mail with an account I had created in middle school
shouting "are you fucking kidding me?" Into my work conference call
EMT on LSD
accidentally kinkshaming a friend on Discord
I Love This One
Awkward cashier conversation
$1,000 Water Bill
writing an angry email that got me fired
playing "Ara Ara!" in front of my dad.
wasting 10 mins of my time
Just a small gesture
By dropping AirPods down the toilet
asking about what to do when someone thanked me for my anonymous award
ignoring my upset stomach.
asking my friend why he wasn't out protesting
putting an incompatible RAID Smart Array Controller in a HPE Gen10 ProLiant losing a ton of data
hitting my wife in bed...
loudly and publicly announcing multiple male customers' erectile dysfunction.
making a Karen meme
wear new shoes
asking my girlfriend if she’s ready to go?
inviting my 12 year old cousin to my house
grabbing stinging nettle
not Reading What I Had to for School
smoking too high quality weed before work
trying to relax after a final
“เจน&amp;นุ่น&amp;โบว์” โชว์อย่างเดียว “ไม่ขายตัวค่ะ”
having great sex with my fiancé, leading to a fairly intense orgasm...
accidentally ordering Chuck E Cheese’s pizza and wings for dinner.
drinking a dead man's "drink"
accidentally Knocking out my boyfriend
running into a fence and breaking my elbows.
absent mindedly opening amazon packages
flushing a toilet.
Today I fucked up by clicking a girl’s picture in my mother’s phone .
riding my Parking brake for 15min at 70MPH
dropping my phone into the toilet bowl
loudly peeing in front of my coworkers.
Underestimating My Neighborhood’s Sus Patrol
rejecting my crush;(
breaking my headphones into 3 pieces because I couldn't control my anger
making a dead baby joke to my coworker whose wife just had a miscarriage
taking apart a clock
With someone I love very very much
AGAIN by logging out of my school computer
flushing my only car key in the toilet
showing my date too much
my mom throwing away my weed butter I packed for my visit
telling my son silly stuff and getting CPS called
my boyfriend isn’t talking to me as much? should I worry?
Got hooked into sports gambling so I started to stay up late, then fell asleep on first day of a new boss
Test, deleting
trying snus from the wrong place
assuming modular PSU cables are the same across manufacturers.
Drinking Tequila in Amsterdam
leaving my Switch in my truck
taking my IBS medicine
breaking a large lie all of a sudden
raping my pet hamster after getting high on meth in order to fuck my sister NSFW
unknowingly watching porn with my speakers at max volume
showing my cleavage on a work conference call
when I kissed my step cousin.
getting a COVID test
getting an asthma attack while wearing a mask
singing questionable song lyrics while the rest of my class was praying
wearing my retainer
giving my 3yo daughter a phobia of fridges.
Real Buds
taking a crap while guests were overman.... i just really FU, goodbye kitty
telling saying I had beaten off to my crush
having sex with someone i knew was in a relationship
shitting myself at 26 years old.
recording a 55 minute video of my husbands phone.
elbow smashing my partner in the face while I slept....
going out to a nightclub, forgetting about church in the morning.
i called my boyfriend’s junk “tiny”
Confessions from the bottom of the bottle
and had to strip naked at work
drinking Diet Pepsi
failing an online gym class.
cutting in front of my sisters boyfriend
farting badly at work
Giving my Grandparents a Golden Shower
wanting a day off work
Forgetting Time Zones Exist
letting my dad borrowing a book definitely NOT meant for young teens. (Possible trigger warning for basically anything that could be triggering),
putting hand sanitizer on my lady parts
cutting my foot open in a river
mistaking a fart for a liquified turd
Zoom fuck ups
Put 420 cleaner down my toilet and it cracked my pipes.
On Saturday, I Joked About Cannibalism and My 5-Year Old Kept Repeating It
holding in a fart on a 5 hour plane ride.
going to school early
semi-waterboarding myself in public
Asking Who's Gonna Buy The Ice Twice.
letting a fart slip.
getting access to a pedos pc.
claiming a moth sexually harassed my girlfriend.
contributing to my family's Thanksgiving and accidentally making my uncle eat raw cookie dough
making a joke about my friend's miscarriage by saying her fetus is a plant
cock blocking my fiance twice in 12 hours
lying to my mom about my work
smoking weed when i was drunk
not wearing an underwear to college
trying to drink hand sanitizer
looking at a familiar profile.
cussing at my bosses
Today I fricked up big time
deleting half of my childhood
not watching one of my dogs outside so she doesn’t eat the other dogs poop.
Administering Eye Drops--AHHHH! Oh God, It Burns!
sorting bye new
clicking a scam link
CALLING MY TEACHER BOSSMAN
for choosing my girlfriend over my homie.
A Phoenix Rising from the Ashes: A Shopvac Story
not closing the curtains
having the media volume at max .
getting way too high off edibles before the Star Wars premiere and embarrassing myself beyond measure
letting an IT guy at work fix a problem on my phone.
walking into my boyfriend's meeting naked
almost choking to death on a piece of hot roast lamb, alone my apartment..
and dumped fire ants on my head
seeing something I was not supposed to see... at all
filming a naked woman on a beach
telling my friend’s older brother about the crush I used to have on him
sliding on the floor with my socks
being totally unprepared for a trophy-hunting session
LPT:  "meditating"
laughing at a photo of my friends father
washing my itchy bum
watching porn again after 3 years of hard resisting
insinuating that I physically abuse my girlfriend
waiting too long to go to the doctor.
squeezing and crushing my bosses testicles.
getting my license suspended due to a series of F-ups.
farting myself to a covid scare
drinking water from my rainwater tank that had a dead toad in it.
missing the biggest hint a girl has ever dropped on me
riding my bike on a forest trail
volunteering to help with my university’s MLK Day lecture
telling my class to speak up
daydreaming while working
smacking my ass.
having my son put together Valentine's for his class
letting my manager know I smoke 🍁
not realizing my mic wasn't muted
TI(almost)FU by accidentally dialing 911.
Stabbed myself in through my foot
Crush accused me of sexual assault now wants me back.
going to school after break
rubbing my eye.
having cancer on my penis, need immediate amputation..
thinking I was having sex with my girlfriend
making me want to end friendship with all my besties
Who really is my girlfriend?
deactivating my cross save account
I have retinal scars because I dropped a glass on my table.
accidentally telling my professor I hated her class
not knowing my partner had a videomeeting
Not sure to be angry at myself or my co worker.
chugging a vile concoction
unknowingly deleting 15+ years of family photos.
taking pills on an empty stomach
grabbing Cherry Garcia instead of Half-Baked
trying bat soup
losing my vibrator
borrowing my dad's truck
acknowledging that Jews are a more dominant race than blacks
forgetting to get pornography deleted on Google drive
accidentally going deaf in one ear
gifting my gf AirPods for Christmas
loosing my dad's phone
when having sex with my sex friend
opening a vacuum bag of smoked salmon
proposing my crush's mother instead of my crush
accidentally coming out to my partners family
letting my brother's dog sleep on my bed on my birthday.
not checking my zoom settings
giving my mom a house key
not listening to my brother NSFW
falling for a 5 year old April fools joke
sticking my penis inside a bush
accidentally deleting all the messages with my gf
sending a dick pick to a girl I met online...
drinking a soda while watching TikTok compilations
coughing during my COVID-19 test
Laser hair removal gone wrong
Playing with a Gun
leaving my Facebook Messenger account logged in to a girls phone.
eating a Korean rice with a bad soy
with a science test at my school
Grandparents find 1000$ of weed
Didn't know the rules
clicking a random video on fb
calling my wife a cow...
Why Demand Generation is necessary?
Really interested in this girl, I keep making a fool of myself.
sending a video of my vibrator to a stranger on Facebook Marketplace
I lied about covid to my work.
being my friends rebound tinder date.
not telling my crush I I felt
ruining a bus ride for all the passengers
being an oblivious driver and an oblivious person in general
getting mild PTSD at a protest
not zipping my shorts
turning a photo of pecan pie into an ad for free porn
The base of the Sears Tower is 225 ft x 225 ft while the top is only 75 ft x 150 ft.
Got caught with weed in my backpack in class accidentally upsetting my supervisor.
gaming naked
telling my husband that our 5 year old daughter wasn't quite an accident...
not sharing the Chili powder with my wife
quoting Napoleon Dynamite and calling the helpful ER nurse fat on Christmas Eve
Sticking A Fork Up My Ass And Sticking Ass-Fork In A Outlet (While It’s In My Ass) NSFW
unknowingly eating less than a thousand calories and doing an intense HIIT workout
Today I fucked up by seeing myself on camera
getting banned
accidentally using the wrong credit card on psn
picking up “seaweed” ...it was not seaweed...
vaccuming a lizard
Poll for you
standing up to fast
trying to go camping in the year 2020 like we do every other year.
telling my grandma that she’s “going to heaven” next
possible fantasy unfulfilled or just wishful thinking.
I joined a blessing loom with $100 so you don’t have to.
thinking my neighbor was being passive aggressive
peeing right after masterbating which resulted in me pissing all over my thighs at 2 am
forgetting I used Nair on my cooch.
burning almost half my face
pooping on the floor in my brand new apartment.
taking my grandma to Show and Tell
eating moldy bread taking pictures of houses
having a breakdown in a bathroom that doesn't fucking work
not being precise when reprimanding an employee
gambling my paycheck away!
nearly breaking my dick after screwing my partner bloody.
because I said I love you back when the Spanish girl I’m dating said I love you.
eating my housemate's food
misunderstanding the context of BBC and making a racist out of myself
getting an in-game doll commission of my d&amp;d character
eating papaya salad
not properly utilizing my attorney and unnecessarily suffering for years
letting the cat sit on my lap while I ate cereal
trying to remain calm about possibly contracting COVID
My life? duuuh
having a vivid imagination at the doctors
Acted on anxiety
hurting my hookups feelings during sex without even realizing it.
for ending up ending up in the drunk tank
not planning my vacation
not getting someone a present who got me one
trying to encourage my daughter to save
Currently happening- I don’t know if I should leave and let my friends have a threesome?
stealing hot sauce
Maturbation edging has caused frequent urination &amp; slight burning. Need help
setting my own dislocated shoulder
paying extra EMIs
accidentally losing NNN on the first day.
opening my start menu
giving my friend WAY TOO MUCH LSD, resulting in cops, ambulance and hospital
Alcohol and home alarms dont mix
watching VR porn.
I need be banned from exist
going on a hike
when I almost burned my apartment down....twice.
, swallowing my septum piercing jewellery
watching porn when my dad walked into my room
thinking Bank of America would help out their customers during the coronavirus
Remote PE is hard....
missing glaring typos in my résumé... and I’m a graphic designer applying to communications jobs.
pooping in the wrong hotel room (x/post from r/thegirlsurvivalguide)
after playing smash brothers with my roommate’s boyfriend
sending my cousin a dick pic
realizing the reason I kept trading in my iPhones was pocket lint not going to the dentist for 5+ years.
not closing Reddit
thinking this was a sub dedicated to professional gamer, Tfue
blaming the upstairs neighbor for thumping/banging in middle of the night.
telling my mom's neighbors about her chickens
not saying yes to my crush when he asked me out
By making fool of myself for sex.
parking at the pump on the wrong side...twice. deleting some Skyrim mods I though we didn't use from like a year ago.
cheating due to my mental illness.
suggesting we eat wraps for dinner.
promising my boyfriend to buy him a drone unknowingly missing good friend's wedding
forgetting to get rid of my high school journals
not asking what a “summer shave” means for my dog.
naming the vibrator my bf bought me “Fabritzio” and he thought it’s name was “Febreeze-io”
flushing my gym card down the toilet
eating some tacos from a gasoline station.
drinking rubber.
by accidentally coming in my own mouth.
accidentally sitting on a pile of fire ants
And there goes my side mirror
Having a panic attack
Anyone do the bluetooth speakers porn thing? I can do you one better.
Trying to Improve my Mic Quality.
drinking too much water after a long kitchen shift...
trying to stay in the closet and causing my mother to learn a wrong language:
getting blackout drunk
my favorite porn star turned out to be... my older sister 0_0 OMFG!
tearing up our bay windows
Dried Apricots
in a minor way, but it served to prove I'm an idiot.
asking shop clerk where the uncircumcised carts went.
Accidentally spilling Ice Tea all over my phone
The cleansing.
getting food poisoning and pooping on a towel
DIYing lube
drinking a liter of taco soup. A short story.
masturbating the other night
crushing a fellow worker's car.
smoking too much weed and then introducing way to much nicotine.
taking a high dose of vitamin D
I vacuumed my face and now I have ‘hickeys’.
letting a co-worker see my ass
spilling the beans
accidentally showing children furry porn
By putting Icy-hot on my back and then taking a bath
learning how LinkedIn works
not knowing what choking a chicken meant.
accidentally "propositioning" my brother in front of my parents.
farting profusely and causing my sister to be non complaint with parents words.
trusting a "good" doctor
losing my math class and actually receiving a round of applause.
finding out people have been talking about 5g Masts NOT 5g Masks
NSFW) By trying to help an older man buy his medicine.
peeing on my boyfriend
setting up a fan in my living room, forgetting about the very full ash tray on my coffee table.
driving my brand new 2 weeks old car over a 40cm high concrete block in a parking lot.
pretending I was good at parkour.
skipping my Cake Day karma farming to help a buddy move.
not having a bigger asshole.
Help me! I’m trapped! (Kind of NSFW)
walking on the crumbly pavement corner
searching for child pornography at work.
Cum in front of my wax lady...
Today got accused of wanking in a hot tub
passing gas during an MRI
Grandpa Caught me Tripping on DXM
cleaning my nether regions NSFW
drinking 50% dark rum
playing the trumpet
scaring the shit out of a little old lady
getting a new girlfriend
accidentally ordering someone a dildo while housesitting for them
someone can teach me?
crashing into a the freezer at work...twice.
thinking the phrase was “Play it by year”
standing buck naked in front of a cleaning lady, twice
never opening my cooler
not washing my hands after using strong peppers
i just accidentally made a sex joke in front of a bunch of kids.
TAKING A SHIT
asking a priest if he knows if we can remove “the thingy for peepee”
thinking we were being quiet
texting my friend's wife "hey girl how much yo nips?" Without context
telling a co-worker she has a stupid name.
moaning extremely loud because I thought I could since nobody was home
climbing a metal wall
saying "ok, boomer" to my mother one too many times.
getting emotional again
early morning BBQ mishaps
oversharing in a tour group.
Jersey Mike’s should be an easy order, right??
installing a Windows 10 yearly major update and having it fuck up my PC.
dropping a beer on my Pc
I smoked a Joint with someone with COVID
nearly breaking an apprentices jaw (by accident)
joining a misleading subreddit
driving drunk.
seeking help from an online support group
for posting a book review while I'm on leave
letting a patient's son operate his dad's wheelchair (I'm a nurse)
manscaping
Almost Passing Out After S3X
going Ass to Scalp
not reading the details before ordering
reading this subreddits description.
realizing that I've been sharing the same glass of water with my cat for almost 2 months.
changing my Zoom background image
for making potato hotcakes instead of hasbrowns
realising i have been telling people i do not speak their language like an idiot.
destroying my parent's toilet with a carrot.
thinking Nexflix and Chill was actually watching movies and relaxing
making my parents ask what a nutsock is
eating a fish ball
yeeting gluten free food at a wedding
Double Whammy
working on my yard with no protection - poison ivy all over
making my students think I'm homophobic
yelling expletives at a severely disabled girl and her carer
making a joke to my mom with my dad on the phone
literally breaking a toilet
having sex with 9 of the hottest girls in the world
my relationship by playing a fucking game
sending my mom a 'letter unsent' that was about her
accidentally showing my dick to my step dad
Happy Valentines Day guys
admitting I was the wing-man
By weighing myself on Thanksgiving morning
That  not letting someone use the phone
Fapping while I was Diving Underwater
creating a beetle jar bomb and now my house smells like death
biking as far as possible in my neighborhood bike trail without my phone. As a teenager.
putting diesel on petrol car.
because I told my best friend (who’s getting married and heavily cheating on her fiancé) that I am unimpressed by her upcoming wedding
hosting the perfect Among Us group
taking a dump under a trailer and nearly getting shanked for it checking my followers on my NSFW Tumblr
doing bdsm stuff with my girlfriend a day before her gynecologist appointment
being a hypochondriac and having an aneurysm.
killing a cat
spraying myself in the face with my own poop
I posted a selfie to a Mixed Girls subreddit, thinking it was mixed girls all gassing eachother up, but it was actually a fetish sub.
being overly prepared
LPT Don't gangbang with homeless people
chugging coffee before sex. NSFW
insulting a double amputee
Screen Sharing a Diss Track About My GF to my GF
saying “Christ” in front of my grandmother.
Giving Him Blue Balls
splashing a glass of water on my 6'3" screaming brother, who was terrifying my toddlers and practically deaf to my verbal attempts to calm him
kicking a hole in a wall
not checking my wireless headphones before surgery...
being dumb
getting horny and leaving the door open
calling the cops and not minding my own business
not trusting my instincts
crack head at airport
not knowing where to post the text below this title and possibly re-writing my future
reporting my colleagueToday I fucked up by trying to save a puppy
traumatizing my puppy with fireworks
I told my dad that the solo uses a "fingering" technique instead of tapping
Fucking my Brother
screen-recording my video call with my boyfriend.
I made a creepshot and I followed local female Instagrammers and sexy female Instagrammers in general which broke my relationship
eating a whole can of cold beans
showing my dick to my friend and causing him an identity crisis
drinking cat piss thinking it was yoghurt
quoting Napoleon Dynamite
making a sex toy wish list with my then BF and having both our handwriting on it for my future MIL to find
being uncle Fester
¿Cuál es la mejor manera de suicidarme sin sentir dolor?
changing my birthday on Facebook
making a pre-teen girl think I was calling her gross
for buying intimate skin whitening cream.
getting a boner while at the dentist
Today I (17M) fucked up by going to school with crocs on
coughing!
trying to fix my dry skin
testing someone’s first batch of lsd blotter.
asking my friends if there was "anything I can do to help"
not adding a tracking number
shitting in an Amtrak train
borrowing underwear from my mom
my reading about coconuts
accidentally showing my aunt porn.
being in beta club
putting that in my mouth

sending my dad a porn link.
Leaving Water Out AT 3 AM NOT CLICKBAIT!!!
offering my client “foreplay”
Motivational
blowing my only chance to confess to her
missing the bus
confronting my roommate for washing her clothes with toilet cleaner.
making my class hate me because I said Hitler wasn’t that bad
accidentally triggering my bf’s trauma
when i joined an online cult
running a red light in full view of a cop car
accidentally ordering 80€ via Uber Eats
Accidentally rejected my crush
making a culling cone out of a plastic plant pot telling my mom GF of mine is on her peroid
leaving my gerbils cage open
brushing my son’s teeth
Sending a Message About my Manager to my Manager
thinking that my graphics card was broken for over 3 years
sending a video of me ejaculating to my closest guy friends
being artsy on a classmate's notebook
(most likely) ruining my relationship with two cousins. getting caught high by my dad
making my client's computer faster
Today my friend fricked up
pouring a smoothie all over myself.
Talking shit about my boss &amp; they found out.
Inhaling toxic fumes
thinking I was getting hooked up with crush but it was actually his father and agreed to go to a swingers party with him
not naming my group chats and accidentally texting my boyfriend’s *brother* about period sex
achdentaly cutting my left nipple off
letting out an alcoholic shart at dinner, and now my whole family thinks I have Corona.
someone hating on my morals and beliefs
lying to my parents that I almost died
getting a little to close for comfort
I lied in my CV and now I have to lie again to keep my job
letting my roommate eat dinner with me and my date
opening my basement door.
showing my now best friend (former FWB/bf) a nude
asking my neighbor to come watch me masturbate. **UPDATE**
Air not in tires.
leaving by trapping a boy in a revolving door.
making an overweighted woman feel bad in public transport.
failing dirty talk in bed
putting urine into my motorcycle instead of gasoline
using a stressball as a sex toy
Drinking Too Much G-Fuel.
seeing my granny's tits
starting a prank war with the most mischievous dumb asses in the world.
eating too much Carolina Reaper beef jerky
playing Trapwords with my family after drinking 3 large cups of tea over Thanksgiving Dinner
taking the wrong medication.
posting a Harley Quinn makeup selfie...
having my weed induced anxiety attack with this older girl I’m seeing.
having fun at my own birthday party
exposing my friend's elopement to her disapproving family
accidentally jacking off to my aunt's homemade porn.
sticking an entire broom in my ass, breakdancing and becoming prom king.
Had to break into my own house
running into work on a rainy night in the wrong clothes
im scared brush your teeth better ok
not locking my front tire
overloading my system with caffeine
angering a wasp nest
buy_google_5_star_review
laughing at my own joke during sexytimes
looking racist and using the literal definition of a word due to an inside joke
drawing a giant pancake getting shot by 100 stick figures and terrorizing the world in school
waking up early to test a new set of knives.
talking too little over 2 years
unmuting my computer to answer a kid
having anal without a condom
cursing a german family in german
giving a melodramatic Tinder date Coronavirus
laughing during a bj
asking my crush out and succeeding
teaching my niece an extremely inaproppriate song.
talking to my friends mom about porn
culturally insulting someone
encouraging my friends to get girlfriends
doing an exercise to correct neck posture
freaking out some woman by giving her the impression that I (42F) was masturbating in my car in the parking lot of the grocery store during the middle of the day.
having a fight with one of my best friends over a video game
thinking I could hold my poop all day.
beating off after handling serrano chilis NSFW
taking LSD, burning my money and trying to join a new religion.
telling everyone I was building a Schlong Desk
Tried to spank my monkey with a glove that was too small.
mistaking by body's intent to crap for a fart and ended up crapping my pants in public library
I paid all my student loan while in university and assumed the emergency vivid fund would get me through the spring to fall. I received nothing from it and I’m going on credit card debt once my near empty savings is gone.
taking a huge dump during broad daylight on the highway.
recording a VR game
waiting to buy medicine to get rid of threadworms.
Today I fucked up, I dropped the Apple pie made from freshly picked apples
finding a huge mistake from Forbes
Telling My Friend About Tiger Genitalia
overdrafting my bank account and I feel horrible about it.
thinking I had food poisoning
using special ed elevator at school
accidentally exposing a bunch of people to... some very... disgusting, content.
thinking this sub had actual good moderators.
failing upwards
Today I F up by asking my dad to see to let me search something up.
posting a guide on how to build a gallows to my company chat
lightly throwing a pillow to give it back to my mother.
going to ask my grandmother how to dress for her funeral
talking to my girlfriend's dad
sending my wife our scanned marriage certificate and I don't know why
$200 Amazon gift card
using a blanket as toilet paper
screaming at my boyfriend about his “poop sock”
chewing gum while on the toilet
When I implied to my very religious parents that I don’t believe anymore
I showed my parents r/boomershumor today.
sending the wrong file for a CSproject
trying to JoJo Pose
Well not today but last week but still I fuckd up
almost bleeding on the car seat
not tipping the food delivery guy
petition
being in close quarters after a night of drinking.
wasting half of my lunch
actually looking around reddit
not showering or washing my face
Double Fisting My Dab Pen and My Butterfly Knife
accidentally and then my delivery man
trying to use my vibrator at 1am in a quiet town.
going out and doing some exercise
I asked my crushes favorite podcaster to wish her a happy birthday
going full Karen on a pharmacist
accidentally locking myself in my room
mixing vending machine Pork Chop sandwich with Hawaiian Punch
ruining my rep and losing all my friends/coworkers
riding my sisters new hoverboard into the pool
trying to buy a lettuce
Age of lies
K
having my disord be heard on zoom
opening my son’s art supply box and finding something that wasn’t art supplies
because they sawed my sexuals
just wanting to be insured
playing a Darth Vader yule log on a psychiatric unit.
collecting a stool sample for my doctor.
losing the love of my life due to my own insecurities
sending an email to a professional board with the name Dump Master
shitting in a trashcan
I slapped a small french child in the face
Bye bye Buttplug
sending some friends a picture of an instrument I got at a garage sale
and now no WIFI or TV until May
letting my parents find out about my main reddit account
I paid the lesson for being a little troll
subscribing to this thread
Corona Virus Updates| Breaking News | USA | UK | Canada | Australia
Buy Negative Glassdoor Reviews - Buy Glassdoor Reviews
I may have severely messed up my life
imprinting the Reddit save icon on my screen
getting a compliment from the CEO
killing a money mouse
causing a traffic accident
eating food my sister made
shooting myself in the toe
forgetting I was scheduled, incompetence-d my way into probation
not looking at reddit for 2 days TLDR at bottom
drunkenly telling my friends I want to kill myself
telling my bf my sex dream
My joke did not translate through text
making a midnight snack.
getting drunk and cheating on my boyfriend with my cousin
Hemorrhoids, They aren't that bad
sending a kink list from Fetlife to one of my best friend.
Recieveing Instant Karma
scaring myself for life with toothpaste
getting my fiancé a birthday present
trying to stay out of the way
having an affair and being drunk
doing the sex when I thought it was okay to do the sex.
cooking with chili peppers before surgery
matching with my stepson on Grindr
letting who I thought was my boyfriend sleep with me, but it was actually his twin brother
agreeing to a foursome
omitting drug information
I ate out a stripper and want to kill my self
watching The Midnight Gospel after smoking weed
making chilli powder with incredibly hot peppers (carolina reapers)
slicing my inner cheek and nearly becoming The Joker
potentially losing the love of my life
not getting obvious signs for a FFFM-Threesome and throwing a friend into depression
trying to blow my boyfriend’s mind
picking my nose while driving on the highway
telling an employer I was going back to college telling an employer im going back to college
having soap in my eye
removing the micro SD card before eject it
starting a fight with a teacher
flashing the maintenance man
eating an entire bag of spicy chips then going camping
passing a comment about Jehovah's Witnesses to my Jehovah's Witness neighborOops, got busted by my teenager
not being aware my apartment had a renovation today
getting a Mars bar stuck in my ass
going for a jog in the park
sending my ex an accidental voice clip. Now she thinks I beat up my Jack Russell
waxing my chest and giving myself chemical burns.
not remembering to put away my vibrator while giving a house tour
coughing on young children
I cheated on my gf with her best friend
because I’m failing my parents as their child and it’s all my fault for not trying.
Getting the Cops to Come to My House
sending a snap intended for my girlfriends to my family group snap instead.
forgetting to drink. For 3 weeks.
any taking an Epsom salt bath
getting a traffic ticket from a cop who I suspect was using it as an excuse to "motorcycle flirt" with me.
buying a face mask
shredding my neighbors electric car charging cable
playing gay porn on a bluetooth speaker
thinking that I'm funny and accidentally annoying government and military
NSFW.. not realizing there was a sex toy in the background of my video chat..
Streaming porn on tv
letting my jealousy almost break up my matriage
taking a medication I've had bad luck with in the past
laughing about the Australian wildfires
encouraging my SO to flirt back w/ someone else forgetting that they are my SO
Today i fucked up by spending 50 pounds of my moms money.
using confetti tube
accidentally showing my mother my furry art
sleeping in too late
realizing that I have been having sex with a transgender.
accidentally turning my phone off while i saved baby squirrel from drowning.
I came so hard I shit myself
trying to light firecrackers with a sparkler
leaving a near-empty plastic cup of red wine on my bedroom side
ordering from the wrong pizza store
starring in a Italian comedy film by mistake.
making a suicide joke
for lossing my sex drive with my wife. NSFW matching with a perfect 10 on Tinder
trying to hide in the shower .
stabbing my best friend
making us miss our flight to St Thomas
screaming "fuck" in front of little kids.
assuming the box in my truck was just some accessories I didn’t want.
going into omegle
I forgot to change my ringtone before masturbating
not cleaning out my ears for too long.
Told my sons 13 year old girlfriend she should definitely be in a gangbang.
I send a nude to a class mater
eating a half bag of doritos
Having Sex
falling for a prank my friends pulled
accidentally saying "a cuckhold" several times in a meeting.
accidentally ruining my favorite song
using the word "Teachering" at work.
screwing up my chances with a hot girl by wearing a mask my ex girlfriend made for me
trying on my mother's wedding ring as a joke
TIU: Destroying my phone and losing my new one before I get it
thinking I was going to lose my toe
looking at bootleg Avenger Toys
using prickly heat powder all over my body in winter
purchasing beanies for my Grandchildren for Christmas.
teaching a kid the true meaning of "You son of bitch"
setting my hand on fire to light a cigarette
sleeping too close to the edge of my bed whilst owning a cat.
throwing up 10 different gang signs in front of my parents.
rolling too high stats in D&amp;D. I have bitchy friends.
commenting in a makeup sub for upvotes.
breaking the streak
thinking my nurse mother could help me not die
letting my sick classmate help us with the school project
getting a severe electrical shock by demonstrating how someone got a severe electrical shock
DIY/Underestimating how fast cement can set
My strange middle school story
learning I FU over ten years ago
going to an acupuncturist and being surprised with wet cupping
not washing my water bottle
blue balling myself... OUCH!
getting a girl pregnant that I planned to break up with
having an ingrown hair
falling off a cliff
with Bengay
breaking my fixed retainer
shaving a small part of my hair
leaving my travelpussy in my hotel bathroom
getting stuck in a lift I shouldn't been in and probally broke it
getting way to drunk at my friend's 21st B-day party and waking up in someone else's house.
Drunk me went full retard and had a threesome without gf
almost causing a car accident
reporting a forest fire
cumming in my neighbor's clothes by having wet dreams about his sister while sleeping alongside him in his parents house
clam chowder Friday
cleaning my bathroom.
Nearly Killing My Entire Family With Carbon Monoxide
jacking off with my door open
This literally happened just now  drooling
A friend wanted to be more than just a friends. I agreed
asking for my dying mother-in-law's house.
looking at my spouse's phone
playing with my friends
confusing myself with my timetable
trying to make my kids laugh
drinking too much water.
not paying attention to information during a meeting
MY BRAIN FEELS WEIRD
allowing my infant son to bite my dick
Ohh just hid me now
laughing at a rude word my 1 year old learned/discovered
getting myself stuck in mt friend's dorm
studying sexual reproduction with a cute girl from my class
flipping on a bidet
making my girlfriend cry over "Emile the worm"
Prosecco + Eurotunnel pressure...
telling my crush I liked someone else after misinterpreting the biggest hint
committing terrorism
asking a question on a subreddit for not asking questions:
letting an obsession with Pokemon lead to a house fire
shaving off my husband's eyebrow
cleaning out the bed of my truck in semi darkness
For Assuming A Man Was A Pedophile.
deleting my entire Tumblr account
picking my nose skin apart
asking my mother about being a pornstar.
eating a pangolin after a bat pooped on it
becoming an office stalker while I was drunk
laughing at my friend when I found his grandmother died.
breaking my screen... while applying a screen protector
this CATastrophically
briefly making my new employer think I am a meth head on my first day.
im scared of the dentist sorry
announcing that I wanted cake to an entire class
Suggesting to a black girl to buy watermelon
providing “forged” documents to South Korean customs upon arrival, being detained and imprisoned at “Seoul airport Jail” until further notice
trying to delete malware
blasting Hentai next to my mother
I forgot how to fucking write in the middle of class
singing about my ding dong in the shower to 60+ teenagers
going to the grocery store high as balls
biting off an ivy vine.
I might just be the dumbass of the decade
not locking the bathroom door when taking a dump
jamming the USPS box.
Being Lazy and Depressed
trying to introduce myself in class
fucking a my girlfriend who just bleached her asshole
deciding to stay at my dad's place
I emailed the wrong person today
axidntally drinking floor cleaner
seeing a guy get touchy with a girl, who I thought was my fiance, even though she was sitting off the dance floor, which I noticed as well, but was too drunk to put two and two together and got mad at her because she didn't know what I was talking about.
responding to a Major in the military that I meant to forward to my husband
My Ultra Christian Father Seen My YouTube History On My Old Phone
I tried to become an internet troll to impress the guy I liked
I aggressively FaceTimed a kid in Russia!
making sure my mom wasn’t choking
smoking opium near a high school graduation photo shoot.
POOPING MY PANTS!!!
didnt press the sleep button when I was scrolling through Instagram
UNMUTING A ZOOM CALL
Cutting My Finger... Again! (NSFW)
finding my Grandpa's old 1990’s Playboy Magazines stash.
fucking in my parents room
losing my virginity to a the son of die-hard Christians
Painful Laxatives
putting "mail" in the public mailbox
spraying pure peppermint oil all over my apartment
having sex with my 19 year old granddaughter
leaving a bucket of bleach on the floor that my cat jumped into
F*rting On My Chances Of An Epic Love
cracking my own noggin' open
using Polysporin on a shit ton of bug bites
Telling a girl I love her
posting a meme about having an expensive computer hardware and being called a spoilt brat...
getting caught fucking my dog
thinking that my (now)apparent sleep paralysis is actually just dreaming.
accidentally harassing my boss while he was shitting in the toilet.
sneaking out to toilet paper a house
thinking I could give my puppy a haircut
tripping and ruining my glasses during a quarantine
being a Racist. Then got hit by Karma.
when I made a mistake while driving and someone recognized me
getting a completely unnecessary, completely avoidable written warning on the job and ruining my so far amassed reputation with the company
wearing loose fitting jeans to my crush’s Birthday party
leveraging a needle into my eye
selling my virginity for £3,000
Today i fucked up by dropping a DS game in the toilet, and it nearly got flushed down
I gave a girl chocolates, she has a boyfriend, we barely talk, fuck.
doing a factory reset on my PS4
introducing my wife to Katy Perry and subsequently ruining my marriage.
I didnt know he was actually in class
telling the gas company lady my ex wife's birthday instead of my wife's
killing my teammate
bringing my brand new mic and XLR cable for a video shoot
almost setting a fire in my home and exposing myself
almost causing my Spouse’s death.
accidentally stealing a car
smashing my glass dildo
sharing a cat video that ended my relationship
accidentally buying 12 bikes
doing the sex so good my wife ended up in hospital
sending msgs about my boss to my boss
when I decided to wax my bikini area
probably deafening my little brother
almost burning the house down around Christmas
unscrewing a protective glass case covering a large button on the wall.
having an orgasm I thought would end in a hospital visit
accidentally feeding my sister edibles
Attempting to Become a Biology Master While Stoned
dreaming about steak
inadvertently exposing hundreds of minors to "porn".
Having My Ignorance Towards My New Medicine Almost Ruining Valentine’s Day
praying in plain sight of my atheist family
flipping the middle
eating the devil's chicken
throwing out a valuable PS3 controller box
pissing off an entire company with Kermit spreading his ass memes
accidentally pissing my pants at work... i'm hiding in the bathroom now.
causing an explosion in my kitchen
making my AGM and myself have a panic attack
telling my mom straight to her face I jack off
making out with a cow
sending an inappropriate birthday card to my friend
having the most inappropriate boner ever after being too dumb to distinguish front from back.
Today I Fucked Up sending Butts To A Girl. making my dog too obedient.
playing just dance after curfew
grooming with village water while studying abroad
giving a lady the store phone number
I have a way with women – It was usually the wrong way, but a way with women.
making someone fall into the toilet bowl and almost consume toilet cleaner
rubbing red Thai pepper in my eyes
accidentally making a brand new Reddit account and using it for 6 months because I forgot one letter of my public username everyone can see.
gassing my entire house.
getting a chemical burn on my vagina
giving away commissions too early...
No order Sir
pretending to be a foreigner in my own country
turning on the car Bluetooth
seeing 7am as 7pm
not realising that Zootopia and Zootropolis are the same film.
accidentally eating a whole Habanero
Experimenting With a Smart Toilet in Japan
I found out my Ex lied about her age
getting too high and getting our gas shut off
breaking the windows on my parents' French door with a BB gun
asking wrong question on an job interview
accidentally setting off a rooster
drowning and declared clinically dead
tasting my own period.
That's not warming lube.
falling off my bike in front of my crush
returning designer shoes to the wrong store.
masturbating while on medication (NSFW)
making 5lbs of not great Mac and Cheese
What’s worst ?
sending the wrong picture NSFW
Working Nearly 13 Hours.
going for a jog
shooting cum into my girlfriend's nose
putting nail polish on my face
embarrassing myself in an exam
for being scammed
We have it totally under control”
telling my friend that the guy she’s talking to sent my friends friend a dong pic
roller skating inside the house
Push ups
getting piss and mud in my underwear
Chewed out coworkers husband
TDIFU when I locked my keys inside the restaurant
teaching my cat about technology.
trying to get into a stranger’s car at the grocery store while they were in it..
Today I fucked up by flashing my principal (accidentally)
not knowing where my property lines are
Making My Mother Believe Her Stalker Is Back.
Grazing my junk with the oils of a Fresno Chili
sending a guy I like booty pic on accident
holding in all my gas around my gf
accidently being racist
talking shit about my teacher not knowing she was right behind me
I accidentally did the nazi salute in front of class of liberals today
roller skating during the quarantine
posting on this stupid ap
posting a question in a local FB group and now I'm the asshole of a relatively small island community.
laughing at a complement
asking Siri to call me “tiny penis”
listening (okay singing along to) Frozen 2 karaoke videos on my work YouTube account.
sexing sexy sex
Today I (almost) fucked up by having sex with a guy at the bar
taking a coffee pill
when I ripped my boyfriend’s foreskin on accident
Enjoy the story of how I learned what an HBCU is.
I didn’t mean too, I panicked.
not realizing sweet potatoes are kinda sharp
having a sleep over with my crush.
typing the N-word in the online class chat
eating way too much food for dinner
honking my horn
Agreeing to a covid prom date
experimenting with anal beads on Christmas Day
asking my crush out on a date.
looking up 'coomer' on reddit.
liking a girls Instagram post
in traffic and at work
I got permenantly banned from r/memes and r/minecraft in the same day.
never left alone at dentist office again..
pissing on my bosses couch
I opened the door without knowing who was there
listening to my mom
not getting my crotch checked up on time.
sticking my controller grip to my forehead and making a target on my head.
almost swallowing a spider
rear ending someone.
wetting the bed at 3am
letting my rabbit sit on my lap while gaming
Almost Dying From Deep Throating a Banana
giving the name of a lady a used to work with to a scammer
buying the wrong mug
finding my friends "special art"
turning a mother’s worst nightmare into a reality
Sharing my personal Moto for this year
going on a blind date
Helping Dad Install Bootcamp On Mac
turning up in the wrong state for a presentation
throwing away a game ticket which would have won me $40 000
Spraying Pepper Spray in Class...
exciting my dad
My friend (18M) accidentally ghosted a girl (18F) and told her his brother was in a car accident
watching porn at work and spending half of my salary on PornhubLive
thinking I was going into renal failure
meeting up with my ex
having an irrational fear of spiders
having accidental vaginal sex for the first time.
telling everyone I was a spy and then being unceremoniously executed in front of my entire Cold War class.
cheating on an essay-test
By playing with my dog during Quarantine
not taking a shit in the middle of the night.
looking like an idiot with money
wanting to lose my virginity
jumping into quicksand
searching for Images to pair in a PowerPoint
kissing my crush while daily applying anti nail biting polish
trying to reassure my housemates dog
playing to win with a cheater on my team in Fall Guys
shouting at my mom because of my infuriating sister.
leaving my vape in clear sight of a student.
being accidentally kinda racist.
blowing the surprise for my gf's gift
using the washroom
scratching the inside of my nose on Zoom.
not knowing what r/elsanna means and potentially scarring my cousins
teaching my best friend how to beat the meat
getting a pregnancy announcement mixed up
not locking my door while praying
trying to get easy money through a sugar daddy ( being a desperate idiot)
trying to surprise girl I like with flowers
bleeding all over the stadium seats infront of a 1000 person crowd. NSFW
Boy oh boy reddit team did i Today
accidentally sending a pic of someone putting a marker in their asshole and then putting it in the mouth of a passed out friend to a potential employer
when my mom found a relic of my youth
A Would You Rather From You Friend
calling my friends mother a whore by mistake.
Help, i really fucked up
thinking my final was layer than it was
proclaiming the benefits of LED lighting
talking about how much i hate religion in front of my (apparently) religious friend
editing my doctor's note
for confessing to my crush
chugging torch fuel at a party
from a possible police sting
not being specific enough about a movie recommendationLost all my documents
showing my boob to the postman
running across a parking lot I was unfamiliar with
when I put Icy-Hot on my balls
letting my cat sleep on me
farting and hurting my back.
I checked in someone’s dead dog on accident :)
I stubbled upon nudes while drunk
Plz murder my nonexistent baby
enjoying water sprinkle on a hot aummer day
Pulling A Karen In a Grocery Store
NSFW] by sharting while swimming
not realizing its my cake day
accidently letting my birds free
cumming in my neighbor's clothes while in his house while having wet dreams about his sister
accidentally playing “Die Very Rough” by Mario Judah on online class.
posting naked pictures of myself online.
talking
gawking
for wanting to see my son when he was born and now not being able to know him.
I am a straight guy, and I got intimate with a transexual
not realizing I was unmuted on zoom
for telling my daughters we had bought a house before underwriting cleared
making an ass of myself on the dance floor in front of everyone.
accidentally giving my Muslim friend a bean and sausage pasty from pound bakery (uk)
sitting in my soup
unknowingly giving my wife enormous crotchless panties in the wrong size
ripping skin and hear off near my balls
wearing a cheap plastic female skin suit and potentially getting it stuck on me.
cleaning my nose hair trimmer
posting an «inspiring» post in r/oddlysatisfying, and making at least one person very angry.
sleeping with my window wide open.
memorializing my recently deceased aunt’s Facebook page without her family’s consent.
walking into the wrong house during an install.
putting my car in a ditch
buying a Dyson upright Animal Vacuum cleaner
getting a boner in my all girl Spanish class.
First time in my life i feels Sad like that 😢😞
Will you marry me? creating a tinder profile and getting massive number of matches
playing cards
clogging my toilet trying to flush a dead rat
Any advise?
falling asleep on video chat with my classmates and professor
placing my dog waste into a dumpster that isn’t mine
Today I fucked up by eating a cake
telling my boyfriend (20M) that I occasionally pee in the shower.
watching hentai with the boys
and I smell like fish
getting catfished and blackmailed on Omegle
using tampons incorrectly
Googling and old friend's name and learning some dark stuff
skiving school
coming out to my brother in the worst way possible
typing On the wrong chat.
crashing into another vehicle on a date
accidentally letting my girlfriend's dad know I'm ploughing his daughter
slapping my niggabutt too hard causing it to run away
leaving my online school camera on while I masturbate
TIFI By Writing the Time of a Friend's Funeral in a New Calendar
telling a friend about my family
being horny while my parents have guests over
having period sex on a wet bathroom floor. Guy caught us and he called authorities. So my boyfriend chased him down naked and soaked in period blood
coming to work angry and hungover.
I let a friend down and our friendship isn't the same anymore, apparently
Going to my own bathroom while my sister having a party
shitting my pants in my new car, having my father see, and making him go hungry
scaring the shit out of my grandma
not unsubscribing to this sub before the incest posts started
eating a raw chicken burger on purpose in burger king
letting my dog die alone
accidentally insinuating that I think my mom is...dry down there
Gave Customer THC!!!
starting a diary in a shared Google Doc
letting my friends use my phone
Signing Up For a Student Travel Organization
not checking my bank account
Spammed Discord friends with innuendo memes n cursed images, turns out one was 15 at the time.
44 4 40 CUNT] | I'm gonna be honest... i'm kind of retarded... haha!! guys, guys, ok, Hear me out on this for a moment will you? :P .... *self contained un nervous laughter as i am feeling very akwardddddd right now.. haha. haha.. ha.*
pretending to know a girl that I don't remember
thinking my parents are outside and leaving the window open.
not noticing a cute girl wanting to talk to me
telling my wife I wouldn’t die for my stepson
deciding to ride my bike down the stairs and ended up in the ER with 2 stitches
my Bachelor's degree
being a naive, little Boy in Hiroshima
pretending to be a demon to scare the wifey and ended up being investigated by the police
getting injected by testosterone so I could become a man
having multiple backpacks
telling my crush that she looked nice
not knowing what makes a bed squeak
losing the (possible) love of my life
ejaculating in my bed
accidentally going to a porn site in front of my whole family and then getting yelled at by my parentsAIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
walking in on a dude naked.
Kissing Mum with Jizzy Mouth
not using the landing gear to lift the eye off the spindle.
helping an upset stranger get home, but I think they scammed me
touching my face
Almost Using Lotion as Toothpaste.
revealing the size of my penis to my family
saying something that I knew would hurt someone
sending my boyfriend a naughty email
doing a drug dealer prank
following
lazily watching porn and not realising what I was watching
lying about being a theif
not telling my bro to stfu.
ice skating
telling my gf to try making corn dogs
not understanding the woman on the phone so much that I could feel her anger radiating.
Crosspost from /r/europe, not exactly me but I was told it fits
not killing myself
breaking $100 worth of vodka
chugging a hot sauce that was on the Youtube show "Hot Ones"
telling my husband I was molested as a child.
accidentally making bread-flavoured mochi
Sending My Crew Coach My Cover of “Walking on Sunshine”
eating 3 months expired yogurt and then going to my physical therapy appointment. (Long)
having some 50 shades sex and getting a hard lump hematoma.
forgetting to delete my watch history, and my Mom saw it... Yeah it was pretty bad
leaving my bedroom door open and give my dog the opportunity to walk in there and destroy my most expensive toy I ever bought.
Because I didn't buy a proper lock, I got my bike stolen from me.
possibly leaving high porn on my computer when my dad cleaned my room
a tinder conversation
burning my balls
Today I fucked up by masturbating in the shower
assuming I knew what a word meant
trying to bury a yellow jacket nest in the middle of the day.
asking my mother if she likes it hard
forgetting I had put in a tampon
tripping in the shower and cutting my dick on the shower drain
playing a prank on my wife and crashing the car
cleaning my eyes with Clorox wipes after being throw up on
watching a romcom
trying to reason with my dad
dropping my external hard drive.
drinking juice
starting a war in my stomach, hyperventilating and self inducing a panic-attack while driving alone on the highway
lil dream
mistakenly getting stoned out of my mind. Again!
accidentally calling my coworker while Naked As F
going into an attraction at the fair
telling my friend to act cool with a modified nerf gun
watching a Netflix show and falling into a depression
complimenting a womans picnic spot
not knowing the difference between my wife's butt and vagina.
not watching where I was walking and nearly plunging 30 ft to my doom
Today I fucked up by sticking my dick in crazy
asking for my girlfriend's parents blessing
I made a “banging your mom” joke in a voice chat filled with women
forgetting to cancel my internet service when I moved out of my rented apartment
being nice and offering to watch and transport two kids for free.
Beagles don't mix well with chickens
Welp, I quit
nutting all over my bed sheets
lending my Ipad to my brother
My shitty adventure TMI Warning
being late to an Online Exam
Helping Dad Install Bootcamp
Today I fucked up by finding out, after all these months, that people have been talking about 5g Masts not 5g Masks.
fucking a minecraft bee
hearing my friend talking to a 14y/o girl.
setting fire to my dads birthday cake
Wearing House Shoes
throwing hot coffee over my husband causing him to trap his genitals in the kitchen table
masturbating on the couch
I almost hit a pedestrian’s dog.
asking my friend if his grandma died
telling the Costco Lady that Vegan Cheese isn’t real cheese
I got my back stuck in a metro door
Almost killed my sisters hamster with lysol and other chemicals
stepping on my girlfriends ferret
returning a PC part that I purchased on my unemployment card, which in turn cost me 3 full months of unemployment and forced me to move home.
breathing wrong my whole life
Possible burglar sprints away from house as I’m up for a 2am piss and snack
To use or not to use Sex Robots, What is your take?
accidentaly being the cause of two fire breakouts
almost giving myself a heart attack.
going to sleep late at night.
assuming someone's nationality.
scratching my ear with my key
Flipped off the school discipline master
going to yoga
putting my cellphone in the washing machine.
INTRODUCING A FRIEND OF MINE TO ANOTHER FRIEND
sending a shower thought on discord
Today I woke up and ate an entire large pizza to myself for breakfast
making my MIL think I leave my gun unsecured in my closet
doing something embarrassing during sex
trying to clean up after myself
smoking weed leaves on steel wool out of a Didgeridoo using a deodorant flamethrower to light it
bringing my ex to a party
faking that a man got into an accident,just so I could get my re-test
trying to longboard downhill
creating a group chat and forgetting about it
walking on my dad while he’s masturbating
giving a homeless person money.
letting my dog off his leash.
I SENT A GAY SHREK PORNO TO MY 82yo GRANDMOTHER
not realizing how manipulative my sexting "buddies" were.
I couldn’t hide my BDSM toys and my older siblings found it
not closing my backpack
reading a post about someone who shaved their tongue of using a razor
I became a Copypasta
eating my SIL’s Krispy Kreme
getting sick on the side of the road in front of my future father-in-law
throwing up on my crush's apartment wall
accidentally performing a sex move on myself
calling someone calling someone’s name
trying to preorder a ps5 while cooking
eating "sour cream"
eating valentines day chocolates
drinking Hot beverages from bottle with plastic lid for over half a year?
thinking my banjo string was stopping my foreskin from stretching
eating half of a box of sugar free gummy worms and urinating out of my butt
calling one of my directors super stubborn while my screen was shared
forgetting to paste from clipboard
accidentally spraying a carpet stain with a bleach cleaner. Day 1 living alone.
Supreme is not just a toothpaste.
USA take notes from China(go to jail then it will help SOME OF YALL)... discipline your kids better. China, take notes from majdi(mej-dee), one of the few Last American standing with manners and discipline. China is like, majdi? He taught us Chinese. Xièxie (pronounced "she she" means thank you)OMG
unknowingly getting two players banned from an online game.
putting my wireless earbuds in the washing machine
asking a customer if he had a good shit
getting a raging boner while getting my testicles checked
turning on my camera during a google meets
watching Borat 2 with the fam
going to online school
Threw the Remote at the TV...Now I Owe My Dad A New TV.
causing my brother and SIL to potentially miss my wedding dinner
Leaving my razer mouse in the tech room!
casting porn to the living room tv
3 tabs of LSD
trying to cure my constipation
wearing my hoodie
putting asbestos in my mouth
TIFI By being a dumbass
not checking up on my friends dog
almost killing my grandma by giving her an edible
accidentally making a sailboat
being dumb and having too much pride at Cracker Barrel
sucking farts out of my girlfriend's ass and got a lung infection.
snake got loose
not checking my sound setup in a meeting
eating Gas Station Wings
forgetting to turn off porn before sleeping(somebody found it).
not ducking out of camera completely to cough/spit in class
sleeping at the library
delaying a bus to Carnegie Hall.
trying to meet a girl over Discord
shouting at my gx(ex now) to stop touching my ass coz she’s my sister while we were shopping with her parents
Today I fucked up by ruining my neck while masturbating
with porn hub and car insurance.
and it isn't. It will be and it won't be. It is inevitable and it is impossible.
Almost Burning My House Down By Cooking Toast
buying a vibrator from China
eating a bunch of ants while high
sending a 30 second video of my boobs to my brother's bestfriend.
When I thought someone broke into my home.
$DMRC ONE TO WATCH
multi-tasking and using work group chat
not propping the bathroom door open,
being overeager to meet a friend’s mom
making my girlfriend's dad hate me
leaving without a word when my crush asked me out
Accidentally Deleting Half a Terabyte of Old Family Photos
snitching on an entire class.
getting reported to the police for not wearing a mask... by my therapist
playing the role of a racist redneck
posting porn to Facebook
My whole football team hates me
burning my face with moisturiser.
when i was stopped by the police
not going to see my wife's grieving aunt while she meets our baby for the first time
2TB Data lost
setting up my microphone wrong in my class's Zoom call
gardening in the nude...
asking my boss why he didn't love me
making an inappropriate joke around my mom
Online classes and eating a cracker while the mic was on
Toilet Squirted on me
posting a picture of a bridezilla using the toilet!
calling my friend "my nizzle" at work.
eating Salted Chilli Chicken
bringing weed on my cruise to Bermuda
offending my neighbor the first time we met
having a non-consensual make out sesh with a good friend while she was asleep.
going from a great job to Homeless in a different state due to Mental Health problems in 1 month.
dumping fries into the fryer without the basket on my first day working
not telling my daughter about church her whole life
I’m in love with my friend’s dad, and I think he feels the same.
thanking my dog for peeing on me buying an Xbox One S
leaving my vibrator under my bed
staring at a girl with a lazy eye
watching porn in bed with the laptop screen facing me but reflecting on the Fish Tank behind me.
engaging in an argument with a vegan over a response I made in Reddit messages.
Just like Kaguya sama
over doing weed and almost dying.
not appreciating a gift
watching Netflix in class (nsfw?)
Cat opposum
forgetting to cook for my Girlfriend.
I forgot that my friend can't feel anything below the waist
getting overly excited to play Clone Hero
never filing my taxes
just accepting the fact that getting my mail just got harder over the years
Trying To Climb Through My Girlfriend's Window
wearing a shirt that has flowers on the boobs
accepting meeting invitations
unknowingly connecting 2 different servers to the same UPS I broke without knowing
(NSFW)  being horny
Self scam
trying to booty call my ex.
trying to trick my new girlfriend due to my insecurities, and now she broke up with me.
petting a dog
sending nudes in a family group chat
calling my gf a b***h outing myself to my family
Dad sexted our sibling group text
saying “I would smoke p.c.p. and rape a guy named Duke” as a type of online joke aggression.
signing up for discord with friends
trying to prank my teacher
trying to skateboard
making a joke.
TIFI by thinking I was mute on Zoom after presenting
when a snaked pooped on me while i needed a friend and wanted to take sexy pics and i drunk rn
masturbating after an appendectomy
venting out of frustration
hurting an employers ego during an interview
By eating cheese and shitting my pants... at work
leaving my car unlocked for 5 minutes.
PROJEXX CONSTRUCTION AND COVID-19.
trusting a Fart
trying to bake a gingerbread house and disappointing my nephew
I sneezed near a employee and got Security called.
trying to flex my IT skills learned on Youtube.
being a dumb, drunk teenager and not understanding basic medical terminology
Oh shit
Death body of Andrew Kishore Holy Bible in Bangla
bringing coronavirus to Sarasota
masturbating, then helping my mother put away the dishes without washing my hands first
Caused my teacher to leave school in an ambulance
Letting the Tiger Win.
walking outside on a windy day.
uploading an instastory of a nude baby photo of me
missing and not doing work on homeroom at school
walking into the girls bathroom
picking up my drunk girlfriend in my new car using hair removal cream for the first time.
giving away a random kids birthday present to a stranger
lifting books for my teacher
sending a message to my son that was intended for my best friend.
forgetting to mute myself on a zoom call..
Accidentally Eating an Edible!
not owning a cat
incorrectly guessing someone's nationality.
trying too hard to impress a guy
sleeping on my lunch break
texting the wrong number while trying to add my friend on Clash Royale (need help or suggestions!!!)
doping my phone well driving my motorcycle
sending my boss a very questionable video of me
making a bot type "F*ck off" all over my system
post-fap relaxing
taking the wrong bag to work
meeting my boyfriend's parents for the first time at a restaurant with a massive hangover
having sex/masterbating.
drinking a full, large bottle of coconut oil thinking it was coconut water.
leaving my husband’s pocket pussies unattended
Yeah, watching porn with the door open :-(
helping a guy who knocked on my door yesterday that he's in an "emergency" situation
inviting my sister and her family to sit in the den.
taking my contacts out and searing my eyeballs like tuna steaks
hitting "reply all"
asking my dad a question about a game
and bought something that doesn’t exist
looking at this sub
hurrying to the dentist
By starting a fire in John Lewis
sending texts offering our condolences over the death of a relative
foil is metal, and metal in a microwave causes fire.
flashing our local PSI my knickers (Police Sub Inspector)
trying to rant a dead man.
lying to my parents that I was working today, when I actually went on a mini "day trip"
explaining to my child where babies come from
on an assignment I had for school
taking the elevator high
eating 4 bananas with Nutella
I asked for a friend to get sushi with
having very much sex and feeling sexy haha sexy time sex sex sex
eating a ghost pepper before doing the laundry.
going limp dick on a girl that was into me twice
posting an amazing tinder conversation to reddit.
wanting a Switch
because I decided to edit my doctor's note
wiping my fathers computer for work
I accidentally WhatsApped my husband’s ex after finding her number on Google
letting my dog bite my nephew
not realising I have a serious problem with my member
coronavirus
celebrating a trial victory in court.
telling my sister she looked dead
I accidentally body shamed an obese woman when she was grocery shopping
accidentally setting the field kitchen on fire
purposefully releasing my bladder on a school bus
calling a girl cute
Calling a "girlfriend" B word by accident and ending our relationship
Animal Crossing Edition)...
browsing the internet, and clicking a link
trying not to be an introvert and told two neighbors to come over anytime they want. They turned out to be junkies.
Asking out my crush
in triggering a bank lock down
accidentally training my puppy to be a drug sniffer dog
insinuating to friends that I've seen my best friend naked
setting my Cat on Fire.
sitting in my car with my girlfriend.
calling a black guy a slave.
falling asleep to YouTube
my dick.
giving myself a Dutch oven with my face mask.
I think I have to suck off a random dude
trying fly home.
slapping myself so hard in the balls I almost puked.
telling Todd Howard of Bethesda Games, that his NPC's sucked.
bringing an extra sock to the seminar
nearly knocking out my BF during sex
calling the fire department for a "Fire"
saying the word testicles as tentacles to customers.
be lending my snow shovel to my elderly neighbor
Inviting A Friend’s Ex
lying to my family and friends for a year
accidentally s***ting in my partners mouth..
Asking My Friend if She was On Her Period.
agreeing to take care of the friend's parrot.
once again forgetting to process an important order
Oversleeping Before Work
singing a solo in the wrong music
not checking which group chat i was messaging to
nearly drowning 3 times in less than an hour.
shitting myself on numerous occasions
confessing my secret love to my math teacher.
be like, not today this was 8 years ago
deleting a message the CTO of my company sent to me personally
jacking off in the sink and leaving the jizz in there for my sister to find
cutting my wife’s hair!
making a bad joke during a serious job interview
Showed up to the party 24 hours early
throwing away my snack
pleasuring myself at my grandparents
believing an April Fool’s Day prank and getting banned from going back to school this year.
Today i fucked up by forgetting my trumpet at state qualifiers.
forgetting that my menstrual cup was in during sexy time
how do i keep doing this?
replying to an interview question with an inappropriate answer...
sleepwalking and opening a window
DRINKING A POT OF COFFEEE TO MYSELF 😳🥺🙄🙃
not realizing that there are cultural differences around nudity in Brazil
putting milk in a mr coffee
calling the police on my wife...
taking a shower in my new flat and nearly getting arrested.
accidentally using the N-word
checking out my p*nis lump
Answering my companies phone
getting in the bath then realizing I hadn’t brought a towel
I came on the couch with 3 other family members on it
not knocking on my parents bedroom door
taking a shit at work
telling my sister to join raised by narcissists reddit page
fucking myself over during a performance analysis
sexy sex
Multitasking
celebrating my cake day on the anniversary of my girlfriends dead Grandmother.
Forgoing Pants
on appstore comments
going shopping with my man
forgetting I recently put a tow bar on my car.
spending money I don’t have
grabbing my Aunts boob.
Prank to wife gone wrong
Thinking Hand Blending Scotch Bonnet Peppers Was a Good Idea.
I told my dead grandma I'm agnostic so she doesn't email me anymore...
laughing at my gf
accidently talking to my girlfriends old FWB
telling someone i had a great 2020.
unknowingly doing a VERY sexual dance in front of around 15 of my teachers, my classmates' parents, and all of my classmates.
Locked myself in the basement
sharting in the gym shower
having psilocybin infused chocolate , and my mom found a piece and thought it was hash and smoked some.
hitting an abused infant
scratching my balls so hard I bled
sending a girl flowers.
backing into my step dad’s car...
calling the cops on vague grounds and getting a boner.
letting my friend Lucas turn into a huge simp
Today I fucked up by farting after bathing
owning a cheap headset
introducing myself to my class in the lamest possible way
concealing a dog bite wound.
eating sugary food in a restaurant for the first time since going without sugar in my diet
laughing that my teacher was going to die
while getting high with my neighbors
graduating in the class of 2020
trying to get a wasp out of my house
Not Realising I Am Allergic To Cats
deleting the game instead of stopping the update.
chewing too much gum
Please read I need advice
missing an opportunity to make my initials BDSM
killing my boxing tutor
stubbing my toe on my own suitcase during my Japanese honeymoon.
trying to be funny at a festival
eating super hot wings
calling my boss hot.
creating an instagram story
trying to show my mom something cool
letting my wife wax my ass
trying to screenshot someone's snapchat story.
Reposting this
asking out my cousin without knowing we're related
almost causing an evacuation of the UK's largest airport.
using a neighbour's old bike.
missing a school assembly
cat calling an Amazon delivery man
not stretching after leg day and becoming a wet noodle all day
telling my wife she has bad breath during a quarantine
snooping in my parents room
telling my Kindergarten class that Ru Paul was a national hero.
This story got me banned from WritingPrompts
making my entire VERY Christian family think I took a dick pic.
putting myself off Vodka
Today I was seen as a monster
Should r/switch to only allowing NSFW posts on the weekends?
Second Time I've Entered a Zoom Meeting Farting
What a shame
going out at night with my cousin and brother.
Today I fucked up. Streaming to 800k followers.
I caused family issues for seemingly the greater good?
falling down a Reddit rabbit hole
Accidentally got my parents divorce for my dad's xXxX
accidentally earraping my teacher with my friend.
Today I fucked up by getting high too early
accidentally making a bunch of squirrels horny
jacking off twice in 1 night
forgetting to press send
reminding the girl I’m talking to that her grandma is dead
trying to take a dab but in turn lighting the upper half of my body on fire.
trying to start a sport
with by burning my lady bits with nair
how I missed every single sign possible. And beyond.
peeing in front of a woman, tell me a more embarrassing story and i'll tell you how it happened
petting my dog
living in the Midwest
giving my friend the wrong phone number
forgetting my fathers birthday, for 7 days, even while calling him 3 days ago
giving my step dad a mouth full of pussy.
sending a video saying go fuck yourself to my spanish teacher
preparing rice
telling an American that my family celebrates 9/11.
SHOWING MY CHAT SCREEN TO COLLEAGUES WITHOUT CHECKING WHAT IS IN IT AND YEAH THAT WAS A NSFW PIC
bringing my dog back to the animal rescue shelter
losing a bet over a girl
Falling asleep with the baby
searching for free Minecraft account.
disabling the internet to a server I was connected to
feeding my cats a Thanksgiving dinner
eating a bat
After watching a video on the topic i searched "Teratoma" on google images
enter by accident in the male's bathroom... AGAIN
unknowingly asking Filipino couples if they eat pussy!
Dad Almost Caught Me Watching Hentai 😳
eating an edible as my wife went into labor.
mistaking my Puerto Rican wife for Mexican.
dating online
getting my girlfriend a birthday present
pissing on a Audiophile cable
playing basketball barefoot
accidentally sending a text about my friend TO HER
telling a person he didn't look handicapped
buy braking 2 computers at the same day
trying to take a relaxing bath
An ass-slappingly good time was had by all at Walmart
over-salting my eggs and using a dirty cutting board
and lost a Hispanic elf.
maybe getting hacked
impersonating a jerk guy's bad sentences from a viral video.
telling my friend that his gf has an alcohol issue
helping a colleague
clicking a trap link even though there might be hidden cameras in my house
peesing mooself
insulting my professor not once, but twice in the same zoom meeting and almost failing class because of it
shitting my pants in front of my boyfriend at his house
getting really drunk and break a glass window with my elbow
pooping in a customers toilet.
getting bullied by my dentist
accidentally Pavlov'ing myself
Today i fucked up by releasing hundreds of bits of confetti all over the place
sucking at my job
Unintended Micro Aggression from Middle Age White Guy
popping a titty shaped stress ball in chapel service
putting a dying animal out of its misery before being completely certain it was dying.
Yelling “Tiddies!” In A House With VERY Thin Walls
and almost ended up in a German jailTIFUpdate: Exposing my secret on Facebook and possibly becoming the target of a family conspiracy.
le sexy sex i sexed le sexy sex in the le sex
and ended up speaking to my own account hacker
trying to a forward’s roll
"hot boxing" in my office
renaming the Baader-Meinhof Phenomenon every time I experience it.
killing our fish
dropping the remote in my hospital room
being poor
making a horrible dad joke to my dad's date
texting my uncle instead of my friend about my most recent crush.
Littered and now I’m paranoid
screwed over an artist
thinking a kid was drowning
losing my textbooks
trying to get a bit Cirque du Soleil in the bedroom and instead my future in-laws saw my broken man-sausage
destroying my iPad
answering my phone during sex
spilling the milk
trusting a fart.
going too far in one of my pranks
saying circumsized multiple times with a teacher.
Pretty sure I just scared off the girl I like by sending some near hentai pic
drinking my father's urine.
sharing a post
throwing away a computer PC that didn't belong to me
falling off my scooter
pissing myself and ended up having to quit my job
drinking water syrup
9/11 jumpers
deciding to take a shit while ordering food
asking my friend how long his dick was
having my forehead smell like alcohol.
Starting day with such a pain
I went for a bike ride.
Told my girlfriend her quarter pounder smelled like a vagina
My sister and daughter are mentally ill and pregnant
being an ungrateful child
kicking my son and getting called a dick.
i accidently made a sexual joke to an asexual.
inadvertently acting like a stalker
Fantasizing While Getting Off
stop talking to her
telling my daughters a bedtime story.
not paying my utilities in time
pissing my pants during an online exam
acting like I watched the second season of a show
looking up "lol" (which means league of legends by the way) ONCE
letting a lost dog into the wrong person's house.
Returning Feelings I Didn't Actually Have
not being attentive to what the cute cashier said and making an awkward situation
clogging my work’s ONLY toilet and using a broom handle to unclog it
using OneNote at the grocery store
unknowingly breaking the curfew and now facing either $33,000 fine or 3 year prison time
trying to pick up my kitten who had climbed into a bag, who instantly proceeded to freak the fuck out in the bag and sliced my wrists so it looks like A suicide attempt.
losing the only key to my car.
leaving a fork in my pocket and stabbing my dick
and drank my man milk from last night
plucking my pubes at midnight and not locking my door.
T
I told my girlfriend she looked like Charlize Theron in Monster
not having even enough karma to post 😅😅
bringing a book about WWII into school
The Wife saw my reply to an r/incest posting
telling a customer I am partially deaf in one ear (spoilers, I’m not).
sitting on the arm of the couch for too long and my pelvic area "fell asleep".
turning gay and having a crush to my long time male best friend
getting "shit smearing" drunk on VRchat
Possibly Wasting Fresh Apple Slices
when my mom's friends came to my house while I was locked naked in the bathroom and had to stay there for hours
sending more than just a nude video to the WRONG person
and I’m probably in the dog house
crying at work
eating something I’m “mildly” allergic to
throwing $40 worth of brand new picture frames directly in the garbage.
gt; Almost Literally the Butt of the Joke #NSFW
accidentally stealing my friends tablet
becoming a writhing fountain of youth at 1am
reading post before bed
mistaking the chanel logo for the underarmour logo
substituting a walking shirt for a wet shirt.
crashing my bike between two cars.
making my parents think I’m constipated
and didn't get the joke
I missed my alarm
not locking my bathroom
forgetting how frozen yogurt worked
getting asked to race by a co-worker but my boss thought he asked me to do cocaine
falling asleep naked
writing my songs in a notebook.
assuming the thing in my hands was a French fry
driving home after work
peeing in a bottle
eating to much Indian food, taking a shower and then shitting on the floor.
racially profiling a patient.
Monopoly the game
saying throwing an orange during class.
bringing a jar of my turds to the doctors
associating a high school girl with a famous porn star. NSFW I guess
for being a horny dumbass
being honest with a customer about why their rates went up.
going to sad subreddit
telling my cousin something I shouldn’t have
Telling my friend I was going to give my crush candy
Rey is emperor palpatine's granddaughter. Kylo Ren gets possessed by the emperor and then kills himself/the emperor. Luke, Anakin, and Kylo return as force ghosts to help Rey defeat the emperor.
asking my parents when they fucked
getting violated by a spider
getting scammed online in 2020
having my dog unleashed when I took him outside
not waiting for and/or checking behind me for the lady who was gonna run me over.
sitting on the toilet for too long
not muting myself in my zoom history class
shiting all over myself at school.
for being a dumb cunt
putting wax paper in the oven
almost burning down the house of a family that lost several of their loved ones in a housefire just a few years ago.
Tdifu by eating a sack of white castle cheese burgers before a date
getting caught pleasuring my self with anal
unwittingly teaching my child gender bias.
leaving my Unmedicated ADHD self with pencils and a clean wall
my poor bowels by taking caffeine pills. Don’t do drugs, kids.
logging on to Twitter
saying “eat ass” at kid’s bedtime
not posting anything on my cake day
cumming on my shoe and learning I'm not sterile.
Drugs that don’t show up on UA’s
Obligatory
possibly breaking my husbands foot
calling my boyfriend “daddy” in front of my dad. Twice.
not reading the label on a jar of mustard
leaving my butt plug in my sink.
accidentally rickrolling my crush
accidentally stealing someone else’s phone
telling my lgbt supporting friends I don't support LGBT
I TRAUMAIZED MY WHOLE FAMLY INCLUDING MY 8 YEAR OLD SISTER
telling my mom that I sometimes have suicidal thoughts
leaving a joke sign on the printers at work.
going on /r/simps on a Zoom call with my class
saying BLM should disband
using a Vibrator. (Throwaway)
assuming someone still had feelings for me. beeing weird
staying up all night, then sleeping in
dropping my opened high school laptop, which shattered it
when I hugged an old man
GETTING DRUNK BEFORE COMING OUT TO MY MUM
throwing dog poop
flipping off a complete stranger and getting into a fight
climbing a platform, promptly falling, and denting my skull.
I dreamed I was a monkey throwing poop at people and woke up with the taste of it in my mouth.
locking my keys in my apartment, with my roommates/landlord being out of town for the next 3 months. On my birthday :(
Girlfriend accidentally made molten lava ground beef!
teaching my son to blow raspberries…
Finding a 15 years old girl attractive
not disconnecting from the Bluetooth
at the Secretary of State and misspelled my own name
Got scammed for an online scholarship
Burned down my workplace by coming food for too long...
malfunctioning the payment terminal at the supermarket
adding magic mushrooms to my lasagna
Shoving Mint up my Ass
locking my door like a good boy
shit talking My whole family
NSFW Trying to sleep on the couch and end up listening to my dad masturbate
and put my finger in a blender
spending hours troubleshooting a working computer
not realizing it was Sunday
using a homemade fleshlight
I Shouted About Hitler's Suicide in Class
getting arrested for destruction of government property over a bad camping trip
LPT:  making a complaint against the downstairs crackhead
closing my game before saving
not recognising celebrity
getting bitten by a squirrel
being a team player at work and agreeing to work an extra shift.
Today I fucked up by ruining my 7 year olds favorite movie and possibly given him nightmares.
making Google think I'm a pedo
getting caught by my hot girlfriends dad
being a dumb 12yr old and nearly breaking my neck
burning my vagina with wasabi (NSFW)
watching porn in my bathroom while my Bluetooth was connected to my speaker in my room not knowing as much about buttons as I thought I did.
running 3 stop signs while a cop was right behind me
exposing by very little social circle
holding a turtle
trying my first cum tribute
charging my toy
eating corn flakes with room temperature milk
putting in too much bacon in my Spag Bol.
not having another worker with me, and by not making a precut correctly
taking the "one chip challenge"
forgetting to apply for a job I was offered that starts tomorrow
rolling too high stats in DnD and making my friends want to kill me.
TDIF by being high and looking at naked children
I’m unable to open my laptop because it is physically locked. How do I open it? " A story about the ability/inability to open a laptop...
making my prof and class think that I was jerking off on camera
confronting my lil brother about him jacking off into my lingerie
at school
accidentally making chloroform
creating an account using the account number 69...
turning my video back on to wave goodbye during a group zoom interview
because I burp in my boyfriend's mouth while we were making out
Unsolicited singing for a customer
buying a phone just so i could play minecraft
taking a shower
Today I fucked up by stealing my neighbors cat.
All my life been calling myself a nice guy when describing how good I treated others and feminist when I really should’ve said I am equal right advocate.... that explains so much. I lost too many connections and maybe best friends because of that. 🤦🏻‍♂️
posting to reddit
making light of someone’s fatal disease
accidentally fondling my Nephews dick instead of my Husbands.
jerking off with some spammer on Facebook
pranking my friend.
Saying That I Didn't Like The Color Black
accidentally deleting valuable photos from my gallery
being super ignorant/irresponsible/forgetful
If you voted Kanye, wtf is wrong with you?
being getting hit on by a cougar, and in exchange giving her a concussion.
sending a good friend HARDCORE PORNOGRAPHY! NSFW
trying to smoke weed with no lighter.
accidentally throwing the joint on the ground
telling my wife, “You’re the only one who can make yourself upset because you control your emotions,” during an argument.
trying to get my lady bits tidy for my SO while pregnant
accidentally telling tinder date about my last blowjob in detail
cancelling a $700 no-refund plane ticket
biting my girlfriends boob while asleep
going for a gap that wasn't there
I called daughter’s friend a c**t
playing with fireworks
dressing as an elf
Fml
IBS at the theater
accidentally drinking my own breastmilk while masturbating.
Sex Subliminals pulled into family car
doulingo gods have struck
walking through a fountain
calling my trans friend by her male name
watching an anime and dying inside just a little
giving my mom chives for Mother’s Day.
opening my dads browser history
Stuck with no gas
trying to give an orgasm to a lesbian friend. Her rapier wit beat my tongue and shattered my ego.
throwing a knife in my leg
trusting my husbands expertise
having my dick out in public
being rude to a stranger
drinking all day while quarantined.
drinking a lot of lemonade and then peeing in a spot that I thought was empty
not cleaning under my foreskin until I was 15
texted my boss by accident about a new job rather than my friend
I flipped out over buffalo wings
after a long time, that my mask has shrunk a lot.
failing a maths question that required me to measure a single line
making up an imaginary person with my friend
identifying a familiar face at my Dr’s office right before an anal exam
sending a finger pic
letting my daughter play final fantasy
getting confused at a restaurant.
having sex then falling down the stairs
peeing on my bedroom floor (NSFW?)
almost burning down a kitchen
posting an answer to an online assesment on group chat with the teacher and the assesor.
and missed my 7 year old daughters nativity play.
trying to give my grandma an “upper decker”
accidentally taking a double dose of my ADHD meds.
punching my car
for posting school zoom meeting on Twitter (with tldr)
bombing a television interview and missing out of childhood fame
putting off cleaning my pantry
backing into a family members truck with my door open
trying to get weed brownies from a random guy on the internet.
realizing that a girl who I had a crush on a few years ago was actually interested in me
getting lured to meet a mid-aged man at midnight that was prettending to be a girl on dating site.
trying to eat a handful of reese's pieces I left out on the nightstand the night before
asking for paper after sexy time.
making my boyfriend fail his drug test.
forgetting everything for my Pre-Job Interview
going to my girlfriends' sister's wedding
I hit my science teacher!
lying to my mom about our dog biting me
reading a  reading a about scratching balls, and then scratching my balls... and then nothing happened
turning in the wrong homework assignment.
Letting my butthole get destroyed by my daughter.
wasting an hour's company time by not checking my laptop setup
messaging my ex
sending a screenshot of something embarrassingly relatable in the wrong chat
telling my mom about my pregnancy
creating a Club Penguin account with an email that didn't belong to me
On the train to work, i accidently fell into a girl's lap
trying to watch one more episode
failing my job application in call center
when I was supposed to get frozen mice
sending my old high school teacher a gift
messaging a woman on SeekingArrangement who is friends with one of my girlfriend’s friends
putting my cat on my kids bed
not convincing my in-laws that my brother in law was an addict and needed serious help. He is dying in the hospital now.
TOFU by drinking 2 litres of milk and putting myself through the worst pain I've ever been through in my life.
leaving burnt butter knives at my sisters house
telling my future mother-in-law that I'd like her delicious stewed dick for dinner and her father's famous pussy pie for dessert.
I too, have set my wife's vagina on fire
tricking a mom into letting her foster kids watch porn
yelling at a teenager
not reading the label on the edible
my vacation by going for a 40 minute run on the beach while wearing swim trunks with netting.
for pissing on my neighbors house
fuck up with co-workers
giving a friend my account
snapping at my grandma and punching a hole in the wall
not knowing how coriander tastes like
almost sending a lady to the hospital
making a total mess of our shared apartment laundry room
going to see a movie in between classes and possibly being mistaken for a pedophile
Accidentally being Suggestive in front of christian dad.
answering "what" when someone asked me if I smoked.
and accidentally got my cat horny
sleeping by sleeping with a lesbian colleagues partner *update*
Where’d that one FU about a guy crushing a centipede in his ass go?
mixing my shampoo together.
asking my friend about her mental health
Got scammed out of all my Christmas gift money
Fucked up and dog ran away
selling my GME before the squeeze
unintentionally sending my crush a nude with my embarrassing butt tattoo
getting a work colleague to say ‘cream pie’ in front of a room full of colleagues.
when thanking my dad.
ending a professional call with, "I'll hit you up."
not going to the doctor leaking source code of big company
Get every day gift AND BEST TOOLS FOR URLSHOTNER...….
rushing foreplay
drinking my own tadpoles
moving our sex toys
waxing my arm pits with my GF wax strip
not making pizzas the same as my manager dose.
making myself hallucinate
blowing my chance with an attractive girl by being a shy dumbass.
sending my auto shop teacher to the hospital
jamming my seatbelt in the car door
losing my whole base in minecraft and then muscle memory made me c and paste an ally's coords in chat. I'm never coming back.
gassing my classmates during a Starlab presentation.
actually a day an a half ago) by snorting ice (meth)
calling my teacher a b*tch
not washing my hands BEFORE going to the bathroom
leaving a really bad comment on a sexual assault story
commented an emoji on reddit.
I screwed my self by forgetting my home keys in a truck
going on my phone during sex so my girlfriend got super mad and went home
having a giant spider crawled on my ass
blowing out a candle
video calling the wrong person while I was semi-naked
forcing an awkward handshake
saying bunnies lay eggs to my gf
Fucking Up My First Post: The Worst Party Foul of My Life (So Far)
a launching a spider out of instinct
introducing my dog to drugs
asking my wife to bring me a washcloth while in the shower.
staring at a baby on an aeroplane.
sending my girlfriends mother very NSFW literature
asking my friend’s mom if I turn her on
reusing old shelves to make a planter
delaying renewal of my identification documents and getting detained at an African border for suspected forgery
shattering my shoulder socket
Robot Vacuum, GOOVI by ONSON 2100Pa Upgrade Robotic Vacuum Cleaner with Gyroscope, Self-Charging Vacuum with Boundary Strips, Pet Hair, Hard Floor, Carpets with 46% off
telling someone about a time where I was suicidal
This sub is flooded with sex-related or sexual FUs. I think we should start regulating it.
wearing a new bra upside down and blaming the company who made the bra of false advertising 😑
hitting my brother in the head with a ceramic Christmas ornament
watching porn during job interview.
breaking a promise on day one, don't think I'll ever get a car again. explaining to a young Muslim girl, what porn is.
not using my headlights EVER.
making the udder mistake to cuddle my unwilling cat.
figuring out what college program I really want because my mom read my sexts
not realizing my Zoom wasn't muted... adopting a suggested username and inadvertently creating a symbol of white supremacy
picking a stupid fight
throwing out lizard food.
trying to calm a nervous date
Being A Horny Teenager
trapping my boyfriend in a spiderman suit
putting the wrong fuel in a tank
blowing out brand new headlights I can't afford.
A drive of money waste.
seeing how security works at a supermarket
Watching footage of a real orgy with my dad
my boyfriend making me a human Whoopee Cushion
Best Programming Languages to Learn
trying to hide my shit
Today I Fucked Up When I accidentally Sent Porn to a Friend
leaving my browser history and cookies on after browsing porn, even on my private computer. Yeah I know that's ultimately stupid.
and wrote a prisoner
trying to get a sample for the vet
hitting it off with my best friends ex
Today I fucked up by forgetting why I was replacing a plug
finishing in a chocolate milkshake bottle.
thinking I had COVID and almost died
giving my birthday wrong.
letting go of my only chance of getting into a relationship.
making my friend shit outside
Damn you broadband router
breaking a 670 dollar router
locking myself out of my car
ignoring Windows updates on my laptop
eating a pot brownie
butt ordering DoorDash
falling for a Snapchat scam
changing my Microsoft Password, and treating my Mother In Law to 7 years of filthy photos.
not keeping one ear open
giving myself a giant hickey on my face.
finally finding a hobby
being cool
taking a romantic bath with my gf.
dating
yelling at my dogs as they aggressively fight at 1:00 a.m.
snapping at my little bro.
texting the head of a school to which I do not go
being an asshole to a security guard
getting caught jacking off in the worst way possible
forgetting where I was during a football game
exrtacting a huge .zip file to my desktop
arguing with my mom about watering plants
ripping my asshole while playing with my son
nsfw’ing my nsfw for you guys and I’m definitely a chick so nsfw
You know how Mentos and Diet Coke don't mix...?
accidentally creating a sex tape with a furry prostitute and sending it to all my coworkers.
wearing my alumni sweater
scrolling through reddit
not realizing how my pay works and missing out on three months worth of pay for three years
sending a photo to a wrong conversation
Attempting anal for the first time.
eating an opal
Being Too Hot
fucking 6 girls at one time which caused one of their vaginas to burn and my step mom walked in on us
having explosive diarrhea in my car
second-handedly calling my teacher a whore
high texted my crush....
Child predator vulture
shredding a spider into my sister's hair by using a drone
calling frost bite "freezer burn for humans".
in front of the entire class because I was really tired
breaking both of my controllers today
and transferred $5k to a random Bitcoin address.
being adopted in among us
eating an edible on a transatlantic flight in business class.
manhandling a stranger in Walmart telling a positive story about a reviled public figure, and getting harassed by Reddit users in retaliation.
Vaseline Incident.
forgetting to bring a hair tie to work
washing my clothes in dead mouse detergent
not double checking
scaring my little brother to try to make him braver
The mysterious case of the missing roll!
telling my 12yr old cousin that he was adopted!
I accidentally gave away my gold horde
boarding a newly neutered dog, unknowingly, and the pup turns out not to be potty trained. My new apartment still smells like literal shit.
up by peeing into a bottle
sending soft porn, feat. Me. To my lawyer
calling my gf's vagina funky.
getting horny in a police station
eating my math teacher's ass in front of the whole class. Maybe NSFW?
giving my neighbor's fat hamster a heart attack with a Hamster Gym Cage ....
mistaking my property rental manager for my ex
trying to surprise my girlfriend and she broke up with me instead
not listening to what my mom instructed me
stabbing my finger with a pocket knife
forgetting 4 very important facts, and shitting my entire life
My email got hacked by browsing reddit
accidentally texting my coworker instead of my boyfriend.
leaving the apartment door locked while I pooped before work.
playing WWE with friends
asking my date to netflix and chill
trying to kick someone in my dream... https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/446746880945422339/660228508605480992/image0.jpg
leaning on a stove.
failing a job interview
getting my nails done
sleeping in
not properly putting away the box of pancake mix and by using a piece of parchment paper that was too long
accidentally driving onto a one way street to the Canadian border with drugs in my car
hiding 2 medium sized cucumbers taped into a long one under my pillow
accidentally sending a link for hentai manga to my family
cleaning food off my 2 year olds hands.
squirting an enema out my butt while having sex with my wife
indirectly wiping my ass on my boyfriend’s face
watching a tvshow that traumatized me... yay
leaving my window open while sleeping
By dressing as an Easter bunny and hiding eggs in the middle of the night
walking through a busy station with a “sanitary towel” stuck to my bottom (on the outside of my dress)
TIFI because I 25M misread my girlfriends 47F sarcasm, had a mental breakdown and then ended our relationship
Random first impromptu tinder date results in me being chucked out totally tranqaulized
masturbating while bathing
letting my Aunt take care of My only Dog
forgetting I had a Reddit account
putting random strands of my hair down the drain for months
making a horrible first impression on a classmate who I think is pretty
bleaching my eyebrows black to white.
Cake pop? Or bath bomb?
stabbing myself in the face with a screwdriver in a junkyard.
getting rabies from my friend, Kevin
breaking my toe... twice
typing MEAT instead of MEET.
assuming some powder was pixystix
Space Brain.
bumping cars with sex-buddy step-dad
when I voice-recorded bf’s friend when we were talking alone to see if he’d do anything creepy and he found out
getting a MIC (Minor in Consumption)
not throwing out food in my closet from two week ago and now I have maggots all over my closet.
leaving my keys in my car.
puking with my mask on
being caught delivering my Secret Santa
meatgazing in the locker room.
LPT  accidentally sending a guy photos of my fetishes and photos of myself
telling the wrong clients it would be a 40 minute wait and they left.
Poor kid scammed out of family's food money.
pepper spraying my coworker’s car
the photos taken years ago
drinking my autistic brothers pee...
Dropping My Buttplug Down The Toilet
asking my boyfriend for hickies
killing a fly
breaking my dead moms momento
leaving my Flonase in the car overnight.
having disgustingly flaky eyebrows in public without knowing.
forgetting my friends name and accidentally telling his girlfriend he wants to break up with her
downing boiling hot soup broth
offending a food service worker while trying to clarify the name on my mobile order.
playing Pie Face EXTREME
lying about being deaf
discovering what 'visual snow' is
attempting to hold the bathroom door open for someone in the mens locker room
helping my wife discover OnlyFans.
when I texted my coworker thinking it was my wife TRIGGER WARNING: Extreem Cringe
and i dont know what to do
wearing my new engagement ring to work and losing it.
taking two laxatives
Among Us FU
having a Chime bank account while moving
getting caught in auto-felatio VERY
drinking my own cum
Never underestimate a revolving doors hunger for feet.
FORGETTING MY BEST FRIENDS BIRTBDAY!
almost lightning myself on fire
swearing in my daughters grade 4 zoom call
asking my English teacher to translate the word "w***e" in my native language
taking a poop at work
ordering flowers for my gf
Saying my wife’s sister name while sleeping.
pooping at my gf's house
making a joke to my little sister
celebrating a birthday and getting Scabies.
TIFE I DUCKED A BULLET
telling my brothers in law wife that Monat is a Pyramid Scheme.
accidentally throwing joint out the window
ordering a pizza
up by signing up to pornhub on a email my dad had access to
Fell down
tearing part of the roof off the company truck
playing Crazy Bitch by Buckcherry at work.
being caught wanking
using my natural voice in front of my mum.
when I got caught cheating during a final exam
starting smoking again
killing my sense of smell and assuming I had the COVs
thinking I could replace the window motor of my Outback all on my own
pooping like a dog getting sick
I locked everybody out of my iCloud account
being tipsy/drunk for over 24hrs
putting a dirty nappy in the washing machine
ignoring a gut feeling and braving a snowstorm
doing smth probably stupid and falling off my bike
doing a prank at the mall.
sleeping at 2.35a.m.
accidentally teaching my niece to swear and my mother getting the blame.
cleaning a clients home
trying to buy my mom a present
replacing the old toilet in my apartment
drinking friends urine
using the same toothbrush for 3 years.
putting rosin in my backpack.
shitting on my mother in law’s dining chair.
Ink on parents bedsheets
taking gas station dick pills before a hookup
while trying to put together an over the toilet cabinet.
Mistakenly Showing a Sexist Meme
I fucked up my personal life
trying to help on of my teachers.
accidentally cattle burning myself while working
and Homeland Security got involved.
farting on my wife and making our dog pee on our bed
opening up Facebook messenger
Drunk at school
asking out a girl, and she said yes
not realizing that a gorgeous girl was flirting with me until it was too late.
locked my hospital badge in my locker in the lockerroom
while making soup
telling my date that I Am a drug addict.
spending my summers jumping off swings
crashing into some parked car
not recognizing a neighbor I've met many times before
not knowing my profile name is also a women’s clothing brand.
Uncle Sam
repeating the word “juicy” at school
Today I fucked up by jumping on a trampoline
Accidentally Confessing my Love to a Transfer Student in my Mom’s Class
choking my neighbour's dog
New year, new look...
wearing a mask while biking in the rain and waterboarding myself.
finding an IPod I found on a bus
I’m officially an idiot
watching r/slash
messaging a past lover before he leaves for the academy.
indirectly scamming a stranger and having him show up at my house to harass my mother
having my gfs conservative parents slip in lube into a dildo...
Asking my teacher what a handjob was
sexting my gf at work
ripping the skin in my penis
helping an old man escape
making my ex talk to her crush while she was high
saying something positive about a reviled celebrity and am getting harassed by reddit users.
no you’re not freaking bilingual idiot
forgetting to mute myself on zoom class
having drunken sex in the same room as my (unbeknownst to me) awake friends.
playing with my dick in a board meeting
using a poop joke to break the ice without knowing my audience...
asking who stepped in shit
seeing my birthplace...
flipping off my neighbor
biting my black friend in day care
causing a flood of shit in my GFs new shared appartment
by nearly dating the brother of someone I had relations with
suggesting my GF to use a Bobby pin to clean her ear
using a Korean Exfoliating Mitt on my Face
Accidentally giving a gold to someone
accidentally telling my friends I’m suicidal.
accidentally killing a dad
having hope in my EX
not cleaning properly before going on vacation.
calling the non-emergency about a burning odor
making my step mom get stitches
ranting about how on earth a colleague could have guessed my Reddit username..
I accidentally fully tripped yesterday instead of micro-dosing.
not taking 2 seconds to double check a concert ticket
telling my kid about “dog balls”
Forgot to mute my mic during class this morning
trying to get the meningitis vaccine.
selling BB too soon...
grabbing what I thought was a wild mint plant
getting covid for books
farting out my suppository.
TIFUPDATE putting my boss in the hospital
I gave bj to my best friend and now he's not talking.
reading a text conversation that wasn’t for me and now I’m doubting my relationship
watching porn on the train, not noticing that my headphones were not plugged in
reporting an accident on social media
Impact of Coronavirus (COVID-19) on Global Trade and Business
locking my mom and my out of the kitchen
saying to a girl that i dont like her 4 years ago and not remembering it
not putting in my phone password
My friend is stupid
drinking two frappuccinos
eating fried cheese with mayonnaise in a small Czech pub
buy mixing up my exam dates
losing my phone
letting a crush see my name for him on my phone
showing up a Nude photo on my presentation at work
texting the wrong number. Multiple times.
Joining the Family Zoom Call
masturbating into a sock and then getting frostbite (not really)
using a ouija board with my window open
forgetting how to count money at a job that requires me to know how to count money
Taking an explosion bowel movement on a Zoom meeting
wrecking my laptop's hard drive
almost blowing up both of my cars because I didn't Google instructions
make making breakfast
slapping my "mate" on the ass in the middle of a busy supermarket.
being worried about my health.
not cleaning my dick for 18 years
snorting chapstick
losing my anal virginity from eating noodles
saying I'm an alcoholic
letting my dog take advantage of my messed up sleep schedule during COVID
this morning from a dream and I officially suck at driving.
coughing in my first. lass back, since the Corona virus lockdown
trying to breath while drinking
trusting strangers on r/borrow
being stressed on a normal day
wanting to get Krispy Kreme donuts instead of Dunkin’ Donuts but got a car accident.
i fucked up and now im pregnant
making fun of one of my friends autistic kid
Helicoptering my penis in front of my sister in law in the shower.
posting a picture on my class group chat on Snapchat
sneaking into my stepsisters room after watching too much you know what
ejaculating into paper towels
making my mother think I'm a sex worker.
drinking on school trip
inserting staples in my dick
9 pounds
I got scammed online for 150$
sneezing on the bus and getting snot all over the guy beside me
waking up my girlfriends trauma with a joke
getting 4 tons of woodchip dumped in the communal car park of my apartment block
forgetting about my new kitten.
That's not a tumor. This is a tumor!
removing paint from the wall of my balcony
getting embarrassed and erasing all my childhood memories
TIFI by possibly frying my friends mom hard drive, with years and years of photos on it.
being the most awkward person alive at CVS Pharmacy
Being Nice
not taking my iron supplements and jacking off
accidently eating my classmate out
SEXING GF
calling my wife a witch.
drinking coffee for nothing
calling my boyfriend by his abusive, dead moms name.
accidentally spraying myself with pepper spray
wearing green...
trying to eat chips.
Broke a wall at school
letting a deadman almost murder my husband
telling my ex’s best friend private stuff
Definitely
trying to figure out where the lint tray way on my Washer/Dryer
taking preworkout and cock blocking myself
buying a ps5 from a scalper
almost getting an assessment for an in-patient facility
playing too much Hitman
defecating in a pumpkin
Fell asleep on zoom work call
not knowing my phone supports wireless charging
Know your surroundings
barely being in the new year group picture
agreeing to drinks with my-brother-in-law
getting high and starting a sexting session on snapchat with the GF
not cleaning up properly
using a spoon that I dropped in the subway station
pulling a tooth with mint floss
asking for IT help
as I was caught watching porn with my dick in my hand by my GF
accidentally cutting my wrist open
being accidentally racist to a poor girl in model UN
drinking my boyfriend's pubes
not handing in any assignments for weeks.
keeping my window blinds open and watching softcore porn
using a stress ball.
asking my coworker if he had ever eaten ass when my boss joined the zoom meeting
Parrot loves me too much
pulling a Michael Scott
any clogging the toilet and having to use a water bottle to fix it.
“Bic Head”. Lighter fell off of my lap and into the fire!. Did not realize until it was too late.
witnessing a murder and almost getting shot myself
getting instantly rejected because of my face
NOT REALIZING THAT PHOTOS I TAKE ARE SHARED WITH EVERY GOOGLE ACCOUNT I USE.
telling a random girl I wanted two women to fart in my mouth
and got caught trying to roll a joint out of a bible page by my very religious grandma
making a bet to shave one of my legs and to go to school with shorts on
placing two orders in the Starbucks drive through.
laughing in biology class because latin doesnt translate well into english
reporting a preventive medicine distributer to the police
eating whipped cream first thing today
when I accidentally roofied my boyfriend and I on Mother’s day
My sister found my 'secret' anime ASMR stash on my hardrive.
forgetting about my mom's puppy and causing a literal shit storm
opening an Amazon package addressed to my gf's 13yo son
forgetting to mute my mic in zoom
going to Disneyland
sweating in my daughter's grade 4 class zoom call
yes this
TIFUpdate: I complimented my date’s butt by mistake and now we’re going on a second date
making my boyfriend fertile
Time I fucked up by farting while sick
offering a homeless lady $20
temporarily breaking up with my Dutch Girlfriend after declaring my love
for making my english teacher think that i was about to kill myself because i forgot to do the exercise
not noticing that my customer was blind
accidently start LOUD porn at The local store
watching YouTube and subconsciously biting my nail at the same time.
saying hi to my friend at the hair salon
realizing that the dude I like has 100%, definitely noticed me staring
accidentally eating nail polish
Unintended Micro Aggression by Middle Age White Man
emailing my local news under the guise of a nazi lover
thinking outside was safe
forgetting to set an alarm for work on a day I'm usually off and not picking a friend up on the way.
forgetting to put water in my microwavable pasta
fantasizing kicking bullies from high school.
confusing a deadline
creating a saw game in my car
dropping my poopy TP into next stall.
telling my father "F*** off you chinese man"
trying to help my roomate
telling my mom she swallows
holding my cat during a work call
forgetting my bag for a tournament
thinking with my dick instead of my head
testing DIY hair removal
ignoring a constant back pain.
eating mac n cheese
overslept and aunt had to die because of it.
making chocolate pie with almond milk.
having sex, shitting, pissing, and vomiting at the same time!
I threw up all over myself while driving on the highway.
telling me once suicidal friend “learn to cut loser”
causing a close encounter of the fourth kind.
buy flashing my male coworkers and a plumber.
cutting a part of my finger off.
thinking my weed dealers iguana was fake
bringing a knife to school accidentally. People of reddit, do you have similiar stories where you accidentally brought something you shouldnt have to some place?
saying I wanted to screw a friend
shitting blood
blaming my english teacher
getting on the wrong boat
telling my wife her grandpa might have the corona virusGot blackmailed by "girl" from East Meets East
Getting Banned from a Store
thevipsite
going to the spa
I said something stupid on 9/11
Made a suicide joke in front of a child
By making a dumb joke without thinking first
fixing my hair perfectly for an interview and not double-checking it before I went in
accidentally discharging my gun in my bathroom..
grabbing my junk behind my fiancé while she was on Skype with her councler!
I WAD SCARRED FOR LIFE ON MY FIRST KISS!
sucking D so hard I displaced my jaw
wining, dining and 69ing my Fiancee (no wine was actually ingested)
busting my teeth on a gym floor.
singing a song.
not realizing that boats can cause motion sickness, and missed out on some incredibly rare sights.
ending a call sounding like a sheep
Never break up over text
letting the insurance guy see my lady bits
Tried to start my day off well - didn't work, at all.
I almost broke up with my gf
I dropped a clock, freaking my colleague &amp; wasting $35,000 in time.
voting and being a disappointment
ruining a haunted house on a first date
browsing the ‘All’ section.
eating Cereal
putting my boss in the hospital
I got jerking off to my crush on my zoom class!
a homeless man caught me masturbating in public
when my coworker found out that I talked shit behind back
not paying attention to what I was drinking.
puking in to my friend's fathers car
eating too many fiber one bars
asking my boss about religion, but I was saved by police
unleashing a group of 6 vampire spawns onto an unsuspecting village.
not standing up to a shitty bus driver
taking 5-HTP
Ignoring Dick Pain
Request to separate *SEXY* from other
Breaking both my ankles
oversharing in a team meeting
driving to go get head
falling for a guy I shouldn’t
flexing in front of my ex-wife?
shitting my guts out right next to the bed of my very awake parents
Tofu by misunderstanding my mom's instruction by taking to much medicine
causing a couple to break up because I unknowingly snitched.
putting together someone’s gender reveal.
serenading with my girlfirend while trying to make fun of my rival
stealing a tiny man from the train station
getting drunk and my friend’s birthday party
and showed a video of a guy fucking a chicken to my classmates
giving away the last item of clothing my grandmother sewed for my daughter before she passed.
Today I fucked Usain Pott
ruining the best FWB situation ever by seeming super suspicious.
sending nude photo that was for my husband to a friend
playing a “show” with my band in a college dorm basement.
accidently deleting all my saved passwords.
TUFU by solving a coding challange
deleting all my Minecraft data.
finding erotic fanfiction about Professor Chris Whitty on my brother's laptop
masturbating and accidentally leaving cum on my shirt
risking myself getting coronavirus
waking up late, not wearing glasses and ending up having tiny ants for lunch.
TIFUpdate to my previous post
lacerating my poor cat
Buying Cough Drops Instead Of Benadryl
not looking at my toothpaste tube before brushing my teeth
not switching to paperless billing
throwing my plate of food away after telling my mother I would eat it
having sexy sex time with my sexy sex
sleeping in a friend’s house and waking up with a stink pickle in my hand
faking depression.
Math teacher saw my friends bare ass whiel she peed in a urinal
walking in on my friends masturbating in a circle at a birthday party.
trying a new sex position with my BF and ending up in the hospital
not realizing Outlook will add an email distribution group to the "To" line of an email if you type it in the email body
maybe being the father of my BFF's daughter
using an empty Altoids peppermint tin as a carrying case
dropping red sauce ... Twice
leaving my Spectro gel in the bathroom and letting my mom see it.
selling my Dogecoin to reinvest the money in AMC
texting a coworker
not listening to my son when he said he had something in his closet. And oh boy, did he ever have something in his closet.
dropping a $30 pizza flat on the ground 5 mins after I got it.
I parked Bad
manscaping for the first time
getting locked inside a metro station
dad catching me having sex
trying to give my dog an innovative bath
stress eating more than 10,000 calories in one go
didn't know what the sparkling wine is worth
Send HighSchool crush Vore porn
because I went to visit my boyfriend a month ago
walking 5 km when I walked 18 km yesterday
missing my chance in university
tricking myself
making 50+ paper aeroplanes and not having a place to store them
calling someone out on sexism.
and lost 850 $ to a scammer
allowing my love for Tabasco to ruin my day.
watching real life footage of an orgy with my Christian father
telling my kid her imaginary friends all ran away
trying to take care of myself and relax
dying my beard
head diving my pillow
I am an idiot
I passed gas so loudly in class that it echoed
kicking my boyfriend in the balls (NSFW)
asking a question
I talked about right, revealing mine
not telling my girlfriend about an incident butt dialing my mom during a movie
shutting my pants at work.
taking my eyes off my toddler for FIVE SECONDS
getting arrested at 14
trapping myself in the attic of a turkey barn
recommending a cartoon to a friend
Car wreck
sending a drunk text
almost burning down a kitchn
playing minesweeper with broken glass shards on bathroom floor at 2 a.m.
for being too nice
calling my daughter “sweet penis”
having rough sex on the beach, getting sand stuck in my vagina, and having to explain it all to my gynecologist
saying you too to a restaurant worker
not staying away
asking advice in an adoption subreddit
accidentally texting a gay porn video to my boss
laughing myself into an asthma attack
i broke my phone
losing $250
being a good friend
simply losing my phone
not washing my hands after cutting jalapeños.
trying to drift a Toyota Corolla on a neighborhood road
using essential oils on my dick
having sex with my ex on the upstairs bedroom floor
locking my office cabinets
Going Out to Eat
I went skateboarding with my dog without a leash
throwing dog waste at the wall
fainting for the first time ever in the worst placean interview I'd been working a whole year for
telling my sister nobody loved me.
being confused by brand names.
sending my principle a message of me saying "penis"
telling my entire family how many times I jerk off
Preorderd Cyberpunk 2077, got a message it was sent...checked email repeatedly for the link to download... went back to my order... it appears I f-ed up out of excitement...lol
Getting Blocked on FB by First Love of My Life.
evading a police manhunt
leaving my bedroom door cracked while my pets have fleas.
sending “where’s the baybee?” Video to my design team.
revealing to my Muslim friend that the marshmallows he was just eating contained pig fat.
wearing my work vest after work
rolling ontop of the kid I was meant to be babysitting.
spray painting a small canvas in a studio flat and passing out/sleeping for 6 hours.
MAKING A REDDIT POST
complimenting my wife’s burn
being on a discord call during a google meets class
not getting into the Masters Program that I wanted
laughing at my client talking about war and protests in the 70's.
shipping a computer with not enough packing material.
not paying attention at work
causing my crush to have an anxiety attack and not talk to me for majority of the year. And unintentionally made my classmates hate me.
losing my job. Asking for desperate help by was of cashapp donation to me at $cmurdr77
not checking my spam folder and accusing a potential employer of ghosting me
not knowing what pegging was
socializing
killing a Pitcher Plant with a Danimals Smoothie
ordering a £240 meal by accident
almost dating a horrible person
going biking when my stomach wasn’t feeling good
breaking a school chrome book and almost got charged 1.2k for it.
getting the COVID antibody test
By selling 10 shares of a company early
having sex with my Teacher's (who im in love with) little sister
Question :
getting a frozen plastic water from the freezer
thinking I could handle being a forensic dentist
posting on r/when I haven’t actually fucked up
reading another
mixing up Inscent with Incest...
buying a tarot reading off a friend
telling a child that their Dad’s illness was ‘super cool’
telling my roommates buddy not to give him a beer
locking myself out in the balcony
thinking I was ready to be friends with my ex
farting in my classes at least 50 times
being Deaf, dumb, and coming too strong.
trusting our family to find our lost indoor cat
laughing at my manager in front of customers
cleaning Chillies
Broke $600 worth of bongs in a smoke shop on Friday the 13th
participating in a debate tournament
using a menstrual cup
running my cello over- twice
throwing away my Dad’s wonton wrappers.
my freezer and refrigerator
trying to justify my body count (of people I’ve slept with)
cumming in my gf's eye
saying "come on big girl" to the horse on which a self conscious girl was sitting
bringing a girl home from a bar
getting taken to the hospital by the police for using penis numbing cream for a toothache.
eating lentils with my boyfriend
putting grafitti all over my bike
telling my teacher a orange nutted on me
Calling My (Ex)Pastor a Bitch
Accidentally Roasting a Ginger
flying my drone into a river.
smashing my science teacher’s window in
dropping banana bread
Shouting ‘COCK’ at a fancy party as a 10 yr old
taking a dump in the wrong toilet
TFIU by sending a stop-motion dick drawing to friends in 6th grade
forgetting to unlink an old PS4 Controller from my PS4 and having it blindly buy almost $30 worth of in-game currency from another room.
masturbating my hot throbbing cock
not wearing a mask in my apartment laundry room
missing a telephone interview call
drinking after trying to quit.
permanently disfiguring my dick, leading to an STD.
trying to join a beach party
getting up at 6:30 in the morning, showering and getting ready for the day, then asking my SO if he wanted to go out to breakfast now.
thinking I had Forensics class and playing Fall Guys for most of the period.
Getting caught in the act in a public park
calling a Hispanic kid Jose
for 2 months with no repercutions
having my recommended contact information a very embarrassing name
I just noticed my username is mispelled.
dislocating my girlfriends knee cap
going in our treehouse to look for my daughter
I really fucked up when I had to take a shit in Spanish and she said “I don’t know can you?” So I had the balls to tell her “YES I CAN!” So then I shit all in my pants and some fell on the floor
drinking an entire bottle of magnesium citrate
Pooped myself in front of the neighborhood
screwing up making my own dildo
doing the laundry..
I made a slight miscalculation with the Thanksgiving turkey
realizing I washed hands at the girls bathroom for the last 3 months for no reason and got caught.
not putting the lid back on the tide pod container
having an uncommon name
thinking I could open the garage door by myself
ruthlessly insulting cute holiday art not knowing its creator was in the next room
pretending I had a teminal disease (not really the person)
asking one of my best friends for sex
not defending myself against lies!
getting a leg cramp during sex and crying about it
AM I BEING UNREASONABLE??
taking a pill without water, choking on it and now having to have a scope shoved down my lungs
blacking out while drunk and awkwardly trying to make out with one of my closest friends
not taking a change of clothes into the shower with me
making a school shooting, Tetris, and pogchamp jokeMaking a school shooting, pogchamp, and Tetris joke
using the wrong CV for the last 5 months.
not reading the label and giving myself a burned-on moustache
eating a hot pocket while its hot
By stroking a cat.
T (but technically yesterday) IFU by forgetting to take my contacts out before I went to sleep.
So I am in 7th class and at biology this happened...
conditioning myself to drink a cup of water after every time I take a piss.
Hitting my Father. Twice.
Not Paying Attention To Conversations Happening Around Me
accidentally taking a dump on the school-bus, causing the janitor to take a few photos.
accidentally saying “shit” out loud
causing a car accident.
Not sure if a but ok i guess...
How fucked up your birthday can be?
realizing I’ll be in danger if I depend on my family
signing a 6-month apartment lease before pandemic
installing a mirror app
purposely getting addicted to fentanyl and quit cold turkey so that I could take LSD and find out if it relieves withdrawal symptoms.
changing my profile picture and potentially being fired
changing my toddler’s diaper
and took 10 years off my balls
Holy Fucking Shit... my friend fucked up.
Husbands friend
viewing hardcore transsexual porn at work -- twice (NSFW)
Today in Spanish class IFU. (More like a couple months ago but wtv)
telling my parents I dropped two courses out of three I took this semester and thus ruining the Christmas spirit.
sending a straight cumshot to an unintended snapchat friend
attempting hair dye with disastrous results
I had sex with my stepsister
while buying gym shoes.
destroying my little brother's android tablet
almost having my mom jailed.
telling someone daughter their dad died.
fingering my cats ass like an incest porn
partially flashing a room full of year 11 boys
having a burrito for breakfast and then accidentally crop dusting a guy while he was checking out my ass
gifting my collagues chocolate
sleeping through my Chinese exams Making my teacher think I was messing with him
being a dumbass in a bathroom
trying to tell my friend i more than love her
eating an entire quart of ben and Jerry’s and destroying my insides
ruining my social life
sending a picture of naked gnomes to a group chat out of 1AM hyper-panic ness
napping in the couch.
unknowingly asking a stranger for 2 sprays of deodorant
falling for crypto bait and losing $1300 (#DOGE)
getting drunk while fishing.
sending my mother to a porn site
calling my teacher a cunt
Lost my friends key, changing locks will be 1200€, I only own 700€..WELCOME TO CARIBBEAN CRUISE LINE. I'M SHOWING YOU'VE BEEN TRANSFERRED FOR A FREE CRUISE TO THE BAHAMAS. IS THAT CORRECT?
going to the toilet and seeing a guest naked
hitting someone with my car (he’s okay) after being a snarky bitch
trying to save a dog.
being a little nosey and going through some boxes of my GML and found her nudes
people you should stop staring at people doing weird things in the car
taking my sister in to get her car fixed.
telling my parents that I like to eat cum when I was younger NSFW
jacking off in my parents bed
falling for a scam and giving away my identity
accidentally ordering several Uber Eats meals using my dad’s credit card
getting to drunk and breaking into a stranger's home.
not giving a fuck to what people think.
pissing in a trashcan while on acid
having way too much gravy
drooling on my girlfriends face
saying an inspirational quote about going blind next to a guy with a glass eye.
thinking burglars were invading my neighbor’s house and then locking myself in that same neighbor’s house.
showing my boyfriend's brother my butt.
wanting a coffee....
aspirating a and ruining Thanksgiving...
Joked about receptionists voice, she has cancer
I got banned from r/itookapicture
speaking slang English
thinking a student was a mother
spoiling the ending of the Sixth Sense to my (then) boyfriend assuming he knew the twist ending
quitting smoking right when I met my soul mate
liking a year old comment on a year old post on my crushes instagram
pretending to feed ducks
skipping an exam
Fingering by Ass with the equivalent of a Tiny sword attached
Forgot my wallet
dropping my grandparent's computer.
By getting locked inside a water park
inviting my sister-in-law over for hotdogs
accidentally putting IcyHot Pain Releaving Cream on my balls!
eating half a pan of "special" brownies.
posting nudes of me on my Snapchat story then falling asleep.
having hot spicy sex and shoving hot sauce up my ass
snapping at my mom
checking out my p*nis lumpAIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
WHEN I FORGOT TO LOCK THE DOOR DURING SEX WITH MY FIANCE
thinking I was one with nature
Sent my teacher something bad via email.
accidentally drugging my coworker on Valentine’s Day
figuring out a watercooler “hack”
letting my friends stay in my house for 30 minutes while i did an online test, missed the actual test and got yelled at
accidentally revealing I don't believe in a god
cheating on my bf with The Rock
with the Kermit Gif
and had sex with my girlfriends sibling and it didn’t go well
Using a Buttplug
not losing my virginity.
ending up in the hospital after having a little fun
Failing to go to a Job Interview
telling a friend he was my 7th or 8th option to take to a game
sending my crush screenshot of our own conversation.
I shit my pants whilst running full speed
reading all of those posts about Bob Ross
making chlorine gas in my bathroom
TIMostlyLikelyFucked up. Probably got involved in a scam from Ghana. Raised 379 for some one who I don't know and met from facebook. Got a lot of people involved.
having a mental breakdown (nfsw kind of)
spilling alcohol over my graduation certificate
letting my husky howl at an autistic man — and then joining him
when I decided to workout outdoors.
losing my sister
not going to the dentist sooner and basically getting a sucky 1 for 3 deal nobody wanted
choosing a pan and not listening my mum
siding with police
kicking the person massaging me in the nuts
making an entire tween girl’s hockey team lose their appetite
eating cheese without taking a lactaid &amp; shitting in a bucket at work
overheating my phone
throwing away my harry potter book-
being an Asian with a tattered passport traveling in Switzerland
taking my meds.
Letting My Girlfriends Cat Lick My Penis
First-time video phone sex fail
overestimating myself
Today I fucked up by trying to helping my stepsister out of the washing machine
showing my friends, who had just buried their child, a movie in which a child is killed
Today I made up a story about sex
winking with my ass into my boyfriends open mouth
sharting and blaming the cat
I fuck my LDR(22F) up by confessing my OCD and telling her I have bad thoughts about spreading her nudes. (22M) Advice is Appreciated
TIGU by mistaking an other child for my nephew at the park.
no proof reading my order notes.
bleaching jellyfish
upgrading the OS on my work laptop.
screaming through the mic how my friends are so bad in playing call of duty while actually playing with them.
MASTURBATING BEFORE NEW YEARS EVE
having a foursome with the most popular kids of my college.....
free fire gameplay clash squad ranked | gameing king | #ar_antu_ray_game...
getting my friend fired.
taking a screenshot in the bathroom
playing chess on my mobile
felling off of my bike and seriously hurting my self (kinda NSFW).
jokingly asking how drunk my friend would have to be to send nudes.
So my wife wants to abort if its a girl.
telling a paraplegic he was cold because he was just “sitting around”
repurchasing my home.
pooping myself in elementary school, and scaring a third grader.
sucking a popsicle
ruining a new game I love
not reading the regulations thoroughly and missing a scholarship
drunkenly telling one of my only social contacts I found her cute
Using Duolingo
not realizing my clothes had fire ants in them
when I read my sister the about the person that read their girlfriend the of the mom who told her child Bob Ross is dead
touching my waiters crotch.
telling my teacher to “have fun” when she went home early bc her son had had a seizure
introducing my 7th grader to the porn industry's aggressive marketing tactics
Bringing Home an Entire Baby Fox
TDIFU by sitting in the wrong class for a month
recognizing a pornstar on the bachelor
getting banned from r/conservative for saying Jacob Blake shouldn’t have been shot.
thinking with the wrong head
I HAVE LOST 75% OF MY MONEY ON TESLA AND GAME STOP
not being careful of Poison Oak/Ivy.
receiving a Poseidons kiss
getting a tattoo from a fake Facebook artist.
coming to my pregnant stepmother
i screwed up bad
sending someone nude videos of me
knocking myself out cold by playing with my cat
mixing Ativan and alcohol
a person with hammer in his hand hand hanging a post against a wall
making microwaveable noodles without the water.
Half-Eradicating all the (Sensitive)Data From My Father's PC!
watching my twitch stream on my gf's laptop
eating beans in front of my cat
writing in my class telegram chat that I created premium account on PornHub
messing with old family stuff
saying "what the fuck is wrong with you" to a Karen who proceed to grab between her legs. And she sniffed her fingers after.
leaving my friends Nintendo Switch on the train
and got my anti-pot father high from chocolate.
playing with my d*ck.
changing someone’s name on Snapchat
https://btcmicrojobs.com
shitting all over my aunts bathroom
shitting myself on a Christmas lights tour bus
Going to a nude beach for the first time
drinking too much at the bar
Talking dirty to a guy when I was really horny
not reading the instructions on a LiPo battery
and accidentally played a porn video while doing research about the hottest day ever on Earth
taking my iron pill and green tea extract pill at the same time on an empty stomach
wearing an ill fitting bra to a hook up
not realizing Reddit added a feature
accidentally smiling at worker when told off not to wear a mask
buying a premium snapchat
not locking my bedroom door.
being a complete scumbag by wasting other people's time
telling my GF I had other women before her
asking a client if she was moving
leaving soggy pizza in my work truck for 19 days!
sexy sexing a sex sex (nsfw winky face)
laughing during a movie
thinking my uncle was a child molester.
pooping my pants at school (as the teacher)
drinking coffee on the train
falling asleep on the couch after taking a shower
eating food off of a plate which had just had slabs of raw chicken.
NSFW  having anal sex while intoxicated
sending my TV stand back
making an anti-vax joke to my vet.
thinking my dick fell off!
getting a blowjob
telling the emergency services operator to fuck off at 3am.
miss judging wind conditions and loosing my drone off the side of a mountain
waiting to study for a final until the day before
clogging YET ANOTHER toilet
convincing my mom I needed the sex talk again
Work poop
sending the entire class my opinion on my crush’s behind
accidentally coming out to 15 people
having my balls slapped by a fan blade
thinking a old friend wasn’t interested in me
Had a fight with someone....
slipping up and giving a long term client a piece of my own negotiating advice.
Accidentally conditioned our dogs to come to the name: "Assholes"
forgetting to mute my phone during online classes
telling my roommate his dead cat smelled bad
discovering I've been using earbuds wrong my entire life.
being an accidental racist.
sleeping in cuffed sweatpants.
clicking a JRE Clip
superglue near your mouth = bad idea
telling my mom I have sore throat
telling my crush I’m gay
for having a mental breakdown at work after being confronted by my boss about my personal social media pictures and content (obvious leftist stoner)
watching porn on my phone but didn’t realise I was still connected to the HomePod downstairs... to my wife’s dismay
sending my boss a text meant for my coworker (about my boss...)
I'm now the proud owner of 2 awkward group chats I dont belong in
passing out in the shower in front of strangers
texting my Department of Transportation employer prematurely
going to the bathroom and waging a war with my intestines
smelling my vagina on a work Zoom call
getting stuck in mud and cow shit
finding out my GF is a Camgirl.
leaving my phone unlocked while I was in the shower
losing my wallet and almost ruining game night.
FARTING
TIFY by fapping while thinking my mom has left
Watching Disney's Moana on LSD
trying to walk across a midden
I pooped myself in the middle of a busy sidewalk.
not wanting to watch 13 reasons why
trying to throw back a grenade
losing to my gamble problem.
not making my wife feel special on Mother’s Day.
walking the dogs
insulting my mom’s present to her face
sleeping with someone dummy thicc
Slept With My Best Friends Dad
forgetting to take my own chicken out of the freezer when I got home.
trying to lick a 200°+ spoon
sending hentai to my Facebook messenger story (NSFW)
being shy as fuck
thinking that 2021 was going to be better than 2020
Minor
while trying to "batten down the hatches".
crashing my rental moped in greece
saying the worst possible thing to a blind person
confessing to my crush.
criticizing my coworkers in the wrong chat...
cutting my own bangs, regretting it, and going on to do something much, much worse
letting my crush see me naked
cutting off the tip of my finger while hastily opening a package with a knife
allowing my toddler take himself to the bathroom unattended.
Kicking my Hand
confusing spaghetti sauce for chili
calling the cops over wierd sounds, and being starstruckt when they arrive.
actually putting an underage pic of myself shirtless in my gdrive
being an ass
offering a homeless man food and then driving away.
shaking someone’s hand.
rollerblading while dadding.
I, a pale vampire, accidentally bleached my skin.
trying to help a "homeless" girl...
giving myself a facial in front of a stranger
turning on read receipts.
making my husband think I swung the other way
I put my name and a friend of mines into a love calculator thing that turned out to be a joke and people are going to think I like them
accidentally texting a terrible Jewish slur to my friend, who’s Jewish.
replacing the word hemp with a different one.
when I thought coffee was more important than fuel.
READING THE RECEIPT WRONG TO GREGORY STEVENS, A BLACK GENTLEMAN WHOSE SON NEVER PAID FRED HERBERT, THE BAIL BONDSMAN
accidentally convincing people I have the coronavirus
saying a slang word for underwear.
taking to many pills
Shortcuts don’t exist
blowing my chance to have sex for the first time
putting my face into my dental hygienist's ass
kicking my luggage on a trip to Korea
meeting the neighbors
offering to fix my cousin's laptopbeing caught having sex, by my younger brother...
giving my roommate mustard, we both didn't know he was allergic to it.
sexing my sexy wife
slapping my friend’s ass
deciding to walk downstairs
talking crap about the manager and she heard me
letting people know I am suicidal
taking two mollies
not delivering the extra sour cream sauce
hitting on a girl by showing my socks
accidentally telling my brother that he drank my piss years ago...
bc my stepdad saw me nude
saying hi to my neighbors
writing out my Christmas present list
not being able to get hard for the first girl I've had sex with in 2 years.
being a hormonal mess
telling an Instagram model her job was dumb
Captain Underpants would be so proud of me!
Telling my new algebra teacher that my favorite TV show is trailer Park boys
finding that awful smell in my bedroom.
not having sex in the bedroom
getting caught doing the deed
giving my toddler vodka
making instant noodles drunk.
when I was talking to my mom
Wrong response to "I love you"
I can't math anymore
Official Largo Cream in LAHORE - Herbal=03003311545
dropping acid and forgetting it was Halloween
accidentally sending an out of office email to every contact I’ve ever received an email from in 8 years.
I went to the toilet while on a date
It was funny at the time but the aftermath isn’t good
thinking a homework assignment was due friday
not clearing my folders when i sent my computer to repair.
vomiting on my mum's boss and her new born
not being UNcircumcised
using Google Maps to navigate a wilderness park
trying to eat breadsticks
proving a patch of poison ivy was infact poison ivy.
putting ash into a plastic waste bin
accidently starting legal proceedings against a friend
reporting a theft at work
turning off the computer I was using
Got caught with weed in a boarding house
mishearing the Costco worker
pressing the wrong button
Today I fucked up... by posting a movie detail with a mistake
accidentally breaking my year-lonh caffeine sobriety by not realizing Dr. Pepper had caffeine, and getting myself re-addicted.
in the bedroom
I backed my van over my neighbors cat
PUTTING GOLDBOND ON MY BALLS
giving my bf a blowjob after doing a trick that makes your gag reflex go away.
right in front of my salad
telling my family I wanted to spend new years eve with my wife
calling my mom a whore in a text
when I locked my keys inside the restaurant I work at
frying my face, and becoming Papa Stinky Smurf
jerking off in front of a bot which is now attempting to ruin my life
criticising the entire subreddit in front of their faces
thinking the Nintendo Switch I ordered was actually going to come.
listening to 8D audio
for trying to help r/banvideogames be less noxious
cutting the cheese during sex
having the porn hub ad play outloud while in the porta potty
watching porn on my airpods.
avoiding school by pretending to have a stomach ache and ending up in the hospital.
trying to watch Star Wars after starting new meds
watching Infinity War then Endgame
dognuts as work password
smoking while my mother was almost home
eating a ramen
not annunciating my words
trying to safe my family with money I don’t have
not knowing how to turn off the water to my house
dislocating my child's elbow
trying to be more social and asking people how their holidays went.
trying to enjoy some pad thai while high
sending my new boyfriend a dead bat
finding Hardcore Gay Pxrn on my brothers phone while I was trying to order pizza
takling About keeping my word on a first date - Ended up naked in the ocean.
texting my mom an NSFW pic
REDDIT TELL ME FUCKIN WHY MY BROTHER AND HIS ROOMMATE JUST SAW A PICTURE OF ME LICKING MY FUCKIN BOOB
using my AC while there is a birds nest on it.
convincing my MIL to get a mixed breed dog
and now I need help lol
losing my condom during sex
somehow landing in an illegal weed hotbox situation an almost getting arrested.
I signed joint custody over to my ex husband today. Tonight, my Netflix account is deleted.
never realizing what the expression ‘green is not a good look on you’ meant.
NEW SUB
finding I am allergic to cotton in the worst way possible.
ordering food from the wrong restaurant
letting my dad know I'm still a disappointment
cutting my keloid at home alone
forgetting what Pita bread is
thinking my car was a 4x4 Jeep
calling the police on my family's holiday party
my first online date
I threw boiling water on the guy I like
eating bird shit thinking it was chocolate
blasting porn through my laptop
meal prepping for my bf.
naming a house spider “Frank”
assuming nationality
asking gossip on a touchy subject
using a belt to choke myself while I was...well...you know😈
Helping my wife discover OnlyFans.
asking my sister to invite her black boyfriend for dinner at our parents house and finding our my dad is a racist
making coffee so bad I was food poisoned
parking on the wrong side of the street... twice
getting off in front of my grandpa
interacting with a stalker mailing someone a completely useless file
writing my Chemistry paper on something that doesn't relate to Chemistry
accepting a cupcake
consoling my crying neighbor with a hug after taking Cialis for the first time while wearing sweatpants
Masturbating with Headphones
Battle Royale guide: Everything you need to know
trying to stroke a cat (written on behalf of my SO)
sharing my screen in my Zoom class while bitching about the professor on FB, and then watching porn, all while my screen was bluetooth mirroring to living room TV
throwing up in front of a girl while on a first date, multiple times…
helping an old lady cross the street.
Accidentally Pressed Space Bar While Nuclear Pooping During a Zoom Class
because I forgot a deadline
jerking off in a Discord call
adding someone random on snap and then getting blackmailed for money
calling my dad drunk NSFW
killing my best friend
Overdosed on alcohol last night
because I rejected the help of two girls, who offered to carry my packages to my home with me
setting a record for fastest time to crack a brand new windshield
getting caught having sex with my GF by her veteran parents
I faked a bad stomach which resulted in an operation.
taking a fat piss in my mams hotwater bottle
thinking I can sleep through allergic reactions
accidentally forcing my cousin to get rid of his pet dog
turfing my car keys in the bin
telling my M(31)longest running girl friend F (32)(actual friend) that me and my wife are swingers.
purchasing a NSFW white elephant gift.
using cheap primary cologne to fix swamp ass
doing something very creepy around my crush which made them realize I like them. Now they are making sure we will never ever be friends.
knocking out my fiancee
touching my eye NOT going out for a beer!
So yeah I had awkward experience
Small talk isn't my strong point...ever
deciding to switch my college English class the day before class starts, only for all the other English classes to be full and now $500 is going to go down the drain.
getting circumcised by my cat
using shampoo and conditioner on my balls
putting diesel oil inside my motorbike instead of fuel oil from an Automatic Refuelling System
my extended family relations
joking about brown soap in the shower with my hubby. Joke went wrong when I quickly found out he was a Shower Shitter. Has your SO revealed something that shocked you to the core?
Happened in may if I'm not mistaken
asking about someone's sexuality nearly cutting off half my nail with a potato skinner
still loving someone 1/2 a world away
speaking perfect Spanish in front of my Spanish 1 teacher and got a bunch of teachers fired
flashing a neighbor while walking around topless in my apartment
Going Crazy in a good way
not stopping everything I'm doing for 8 minutes to pay respects to George Foreman 😔😔🙏🙏🙏
Today I fucked up by staying up all night to get karma to post my gofundme page, and now I’m headed into work at 5 AM for. 14 hour shift... and I still didn’t get enough karma to post.
almost cutting the tip of my thumb off then passing out at work
Had a crush on a forbidden target, they found it. I'm guilty AF.
calling my girlfriend a wierdo
I asked a woman to see her melons.
5 Shocking Facts About Sex?
putting ice on a burn
seeing my father-in-laws dick pic
Thought she ment my beard but im pre T and not out jet.
cream piing my 13 year old sister in her sleep
buying a blacklight.
trying to hold a cat.
destroying my car door after thinking it was frozen shut
using too much water to clean out my asshole
replying all
befriending a neo nazi
getting shit on a cop's clothes
letting my boyfriend go through my Google photos
selling someone's daughter "broken phone."
getting stoned on the way to the pet store
going to see a mall Santa.
going on a drunken rampage while camping with my new GF's family.
stripping on Zoom.
only putting on sunscreen once before going out on my parents boat for ~6 hours.
TL ; DR by flooding my apartment.
not checking the autofill on my shipping address
not closing discord
jerking off in my lecture
petting the cat.
accidentally sending the vice president of my company a very brief but expletive filled rant
launching a firework into my cousin stomach
17M) by having unprotected sex and realizing some stuff. taking my half brother to the mall
starting crying at the hairsalon
losing $1200 in a crypto currency scam.
nearly critically injuring my brother on his birthday
not realizing my chairs height is adjustable and destroying my back for 4 years!
returning my elderly clients heat gun to him.
I fucked my Baby brother at age 7
bringing my dog over to my boyfriend’s house.
By Being Horny
having my reddit porn account (this account) open when my parents checked my phone
being a bit too over sensitive.
taking an Adderall XR at 12:45am in place of a sleeping pill
staying up too late throwing moms gold ring
peeing in a toilet
almost sending my hook-up to hospital
toothache while black
watching someone kill themselves
giving my 4yo son a haircut....
I sent my mom a tik tok
TIFI by going to the bathroom at the mall
finding out you can't bite during deepthroating and passing out (18 F)
eating magic mushrooms
fucking the computer lab.
telling a rather old politician to be dead soon in front of a big audience
I ripped a fucking hole in my favourite fluffy ass hoodie.
NOT UNDERSTANDING A SARCASTIC ZOOKEEPER
trying to be nice when I have the interpersonal skills of a potato
i lost all of my money by accidentally buying Reddit coins and now I don’t know how will I survive quarantine
going to clean a house with my mom
going on a date with an sjw intersectional black woman.
eating ghost pepper salsa while my apartment's water supply was shut off.
Petition to change the name of this sub to r/IFU
I regret my entire life
I had a three way with my fiance and her sister
making my mic invisible
and racially stereotyped a friendly Bedouin
getting pulled over by Israeli Police
not wrapping up broken glass before I threw it out.
accidentally breaking the neck of my grandfather when doing a massage
paying $300 for a girl
accidentally texting the girl I'm dating that I'm juggling 3 or 4 other women
neglecting my phone for several days
offering my nephew some frosting
Caught Watching Very Loud BDSM Porn (18+ and Xvideos)
wearing a gstring with leggings.
Not Looking Where I Was Sitting
having access to the medications room at my work
sending my Fiancée a link to a funny looking sex toy in PRIVATE FB message and got a 7 day ban
unclogging my toilet
getting aggressive with my new bidet
I was totally cool with watching porn with a friend while we fooled around to show him how experimental I am, but after tonight I wish I hadn’t...
Eating A Part Of My Brother-in-law's Sandwich.
Locked Myself Out Of Car While Running &amp; In Reverse
popping dog's zit with my mouth.
22F) by beating my BF (28M) and making him cry.
adding the item “creampie crisps” to a grocery list shared with my wife and father.
committing a class c felony at 11 years old
call a mentally disabled kid a moron.
drenching a stranger in laundry detergent at my local Walmart.
killing my little sister and then showing her the bazooka
accidentally texting my supervisor that I want to have sex
missing a total solar eclipse in a car wash.
Ok... not exactly me. My Wife called our black neighbor a "slave driver".
pissing into my pants
letting my child bring a reed in my house and having a stupid cat.
letting one rip in the middle of a training session
Skate fail + messed up driveway
getting an air-bnb to hookup with a girl and she never showed
trying to remove built up ice from the freezer of my fridge.
shooting myself in the arm
forgetting to thank a kind stranger
farting infront of my whole class
jacking off and clogging the toilet
watching a way too sensual movie with a friend and his girlfriend and then sitting way to close to them on accident without me noticing
getting toilet paper stuck to my pubes
mistaking my loving cats as nightmare rats.
tripping on acid (again)
Arriving Early To My Best Friend’s Sweet Sixteen, Underdressed.
fucking a queen ant.
getting distracted and stripping in front of my Zoom lecture
Cheering Too Enthusiastically at a Tennis Match and Almost Causing a Family Catastrophe
ordering my medicine to be delivered the wrong day which ends up with me owing my parents $5,000
Embarrassing My Best Friend Against Her Boss
I fought a spider. I qon in the long run.
not watching my diet during Ramadan
shoving a toothbrush up my ass
taking a screenshot of someone's snapchat story
probably outing myself to my boss.
joining a housewarming party empty-handed
losing my nipple piercing at work and having to re-pierce it later that night (NSFW)
unintentionally publicly flexing to a class of 76 people that I got an A
Thinking A Hemorrhoid Was An Ingrown Hair
at Work
sending a pic of Stalin to my German class
My shitty adventure (TMI Warning)
making but parents think I’m gay
farting on a jungle gym
telling my girlfriend that her pregnant friend has a nice ass
saying “FFS Karen” in front of my 7 year old son.
"meditating"
taking edibles to try and manage my pain
trying to copy and paste on Zoom
running from a police officer, just to see what he'd do - TLDR @ The bottom
saying shut the fuck up in online chat
thinking I was funny and having it be taken out of context
what do i do now?
saying I would “get weird” with a girl at a party.
holding my vicious cat to introduce her to our new dog.
asking my sister for sex and grabbing her ass
replying to a buy on Craigslist with an alternate email address
putting my money in the same pocket with my phone
attempting to kill a "moth"
leaving work to save a friendship
looking like a crazy person at work.
"auto inviting" me to the family's lunch of my ex boyfriend and making a bad impression
I broke my dad’s camera two years ago. I’ve been holding this secret ever since then.
sitting a wrong way
losing my $25 gift, twice in 4 days, given to me by my workplace.
letting my 4 yr old daughter watch movies in her room alone for too long.
I lost my virginity to my step-brother.
telling my mom a rubber duck was my penis
having a fistfight with my friend on my birthday.
going on a first date and getting so cross faded I almost died
jerking on Omegle
leaving my house
letting my baby suck on my shoulder
TIFUpdate to that time I got asked out and didn’t know how to act
I sent an invoice to the wrong customer
simultaneously wrecking my mother's car and garage
I am nervous my College Acceptance is in jeopardy.
being a home wrecker
trying to take down a bee hive
Beating My Dad at Laser Tag
SHITTING on my wedding ring!
biting my girlfriends vagina with full force of my jaw.
farting in the hospital
Accidentally getting a kid attacked by two dogs and getting the dogs put down
doing homework
straining orzo in my colander
ban from existence pls
drinking Kool-Aid
fucking a casserole my mom almost ended up eating
focusing learning and not having enough fun when i was young
sending a picture of my best friend to a group chat
asking my boyfriend about his masturbation habits
washing my hair dye out in a bath
masturbating but accidentally making it look like I was gonna kms
subbing to OnlyFans
peaking on dxm during a presentation in front of thousands of students
quitting my file clerk job then getting scammed by my salesman job
well I've been fucking up for months actually now family may homeless
letting a homeless(?) kid take my soda
drinking too much and kissing a good friend of mine
loving my wife
convincing my little sister we were a family of snakes.
finding out women have periods.
watching Star Wars with my younger brother.
Today I fucked up by losing my step cousin in front of her dad.
not referring to a child as a king.
putting my own money into the cash register for 5 weeks
accidentally rev bombing a sobriety check point.
reading road signs wrong.
watching porn while screen sharing
I forgot to click a button.
getting bug bites.
starting 3 different playstation ban wars just because I wanted revenge
I don't care the you tofu by blowing you nine inch dick bf with a Carolina Reaper in your mouth!
Flipping Out and Using Profanity Against My Client and Colleagues
accidentally hitting on the Principals daughter
telling a teacher/church deacon that I’m not a Christian Shaving My Balls
missing an opportunity
Technical support desk
I introduced my best friend to someone I don’t think I ever fully got over. making a joke at the wrong time
By dancing with groove on wet floor
guessing a random credit card number by chance.
telling people I was xenophobic when I was younger. (I'm not, I got the definition wrong.)
lending my sister money to buy an expensive phone only to realise that I’ll probably never see it again
Shifted wisdom tooth
pulling a tree off the road in the dark
cumming into a cheetos bag.
being too obsessed with bringing in my Amazon package
pulling pizza from the oven!
snapping
not turning off my phone for an interview
walking all over an extremely expensive art installation
making death threats and bullying a kid in a video game
By Eating Cookies With My Cat
slapping my girlfriends mom on the ass
leaving a fountain pen uncapped
Zoom Raids
lighting too many sparklers.
not bringing sanitary pads/tampons with me on holiday and while trying to deal with that, not understanding how to keep the toilet door locked
nutting in the oatmeal
saying my Friend was hanging arround.
miming and making animal sounds at a customer every day for 6 months
letting my dog get ahold of a sex toy...
missed my 10 year cake day yesterday. Kicking myself. 😖
ruining a game of chess
yeeting out the Copper IUP of my girlfriend
when I confronted my girlfriend about her odd behavior
getting way too high my first time
injuring myself with a toilet seat
not checking my milk frother before drinking my coffee
letting a little old lady take cuts at the grocery store...
20lb pork shoulder gone wrong
talking to a dog and getting extra dick holes
School
making a pretty girl in my elevator think I was watching porn on my phone even though it was a song
Depressed
mistaking a girls queef for a fart
poking an ant in it's eye
playing with something I found at work
breaking wind into a fan
making fun of the way an artist I like holds his pencils and then trying the technique myself
Using A Glow Stick As A Sounding Rod Without Research
letting my wife ride my face
talking about ex-FWB with girlfriend during sex
NSFW Bluetooth screwed me...
calling my classmates stray dogs as a joke
installing reddit app
wearing a virtual rainbow hoodie
creating a jump scare device
Jumping Over a Fence
showing mercy to my son in Monopoly
calling an ambulance.
POOPING MY PANTS!!!!
I took a dump without checking to see if there was toilet paper in the stall.
Total'd my car 1 month before lease ends + I may not be covered
making an omelette sleep-deprived
singing Rick Astley's "Never gonna give you up"
not adding numbers in my messages as contacts.
watching two of my roommates’ cars get ticketed
unintentionally seemed excited over someone’s suicide
swearing at an elderly committed psych patient for ten minutes straight
No glove, no love.
using too much of my ass
selling my old mp3 player online to a woman containing old gf pics
making my tinder date too wet.
carrying Deodorant in my hand carry at the airport
when I spelled the word "ham"
calling suicide fun.
mistyping bank info
telling my dad how I feel
buying my husband a Hanukkah card
Did profile pic comm for free for a kid on xbox then got blocked before I could ask for him to credit me.
carelessly teaching into my bag for a bottle of 5 hour energy
sneezing in a weird way
filling my professional art portfolio with hentai
touching my friend’s boobs
buy trying to fix my VR headset.
doing the sexy sex sex sex maneuver
getting over emotional about a game of Rocket League.
calling out my friend as “Blackest Star” and his mom (and maybe him) heard “Black as Tar”
forgetting I had to actually do my job
going out with my mother
telling my girlfriend her ass is not fat enough.
having sexy time
salivating all over a nice old ladies face.
Logged out of discord without thinking
I accidentally pickpocketing a school-mate.
factory reset
turning down a blow job
rubbing the skin off of my face.
showing the wrong receipt.
projectile shitting all over my bathroom
sharing too much
being desperate for a Nintendo Switch
looking at r/NSFWfunny
calling out of work and wasting a sick day all because I literally cannot stop farting.
So  moaning in public
playing with a Japanese sickle and stabbing my ass
telling my boyfriend I was pregnant.
technically my brother) by drilling into an iPhone
Today I Fricked Up (Big Time)
yelling at my Dad
having sex with a possible renter.
placing a used goo packet in my tri-shorts during the Lavaman
I stepped on my dog
saying “don’t touch me”
getting scammed.
taking a bath at my ex husband's house
fishing too much for answers I didn’t know I didn’t wanna know
running over a friend
having a cat tree delivered to my apartment’s front office. There is a strict no-pet policy...
misjudging quantity.
bol game show lucky draw winner list
visiting a doc who asked me to check my balls and I did it in front of him
bursting out laughing at an inappropriate time
accidentally showing an entire class shitty sfm sonic porn
wearing a bathing suit while pregnant.
A military
not realising my phone was connected to my housemates Bluetooth speaker. NSFW
sending my female teacher an explicit text by accident
going to the pub for my birthday with my family.
signing up for a scholarship i didn't even want
drinking 2 litres of milk and putting myself through the worst pain I've ever been through
Diabetes risk level
clicking on a subreddit
being a stupid cunt
not knowing I could still take my final exam
coating my carpet in vinegar...maybe vinegar
I'm broke man
cumming in my cup
loving my bunnies
eating a gas station mushroom and Swiss burger
kicking in the front door at my father's house
eating a bag of almost expired skittles
farting uncontrollable in a public bathroom
running in my backyard
browsing reddit in bathroom
because i left an ice cream bowl in the sink which lead to a seizure
looking up my name on Google
hanging out with a psychopath
chasing and catching a stolen vehicle.
saying good morning to a shopkeeper in Germany
making my GF squirt for the first time, making our room smell of piss.
pouring salt into my mouth
making my mom waste $160
making my dorm think I'm a potential shooter.
borrowing my sisters computer
inhaling mercury fumes
provoking the wrong person
kinda sorta trespassing on U.S. military property
trying to get rid of a mouse problem in my car
making my sister think she got a crappy Xmas gift
Causing My Friend and I to Have Consecutive Breakdowns
shredding two 50$ gift cards.
pulling my legs over my head too far (NSFW)
not sleeping with my wife last night
writing a 15 page love letter during Quarantine
reading a fanfiction about a cereal fetish.
not knowing accents
accidentally ridiculing someone’s disorder
buying pizza rolls
telling my daughter what "sexual" means
causing a short circuit in my school
leaving my Facebook messenger logged in to a girls phone.
eating a handful of MSG
giving a girl a compliment
trying to do the nasty in a bathroom and getting caught
getting Google to ban our entire company while on the toilet
I cheated with my best friends ex girlfriend
naively assuming border control wasn't racist.
hitting on a bank teller
DIU LEI LO MO DIU LEI LO MO DIU LEI LO MO
trying to kayak across the Mississippi River in a cheap kayak I won in a grocery store contest. Sank halfway across and got hypothermia while swimming to the other side.
trying to connect with an employee and being inadvertently racist.
spreading bacteria to our food wrongly turning in 4 online corona school assignments
also pressing a big red button
breaking a very expensive Lego set and blaming it on a cat.
ingesting a whole tube of Colgate and ruining my Christmas
losing my beagle
The child fell out of my hands
unbanning somebody on a Discord server
and got instantly punished for a crime...with the world's worst stinkbomb
accidentally trying to come onto my aunt.
sending my teacher a pornhub link
I shard of one of my hand nails flew into my eye after trimming them
sleeping naked without locking my room's door
telling my 2 hour old girlfriend that i loved her
cucking my wife
using a drone to secretly film a pool party
By drying my clothes on the balcony
disclosing my gun to a federal security checkpoint official
pulling on the elastic garden hose stuck under something, slingshotting the brass nozzle back into my groin, sending me to the hospital with a testicular hematoma
accidentally asking my mom for intercourse.
swallowing a chicken bone
spitting on my boyfriend
dousing my balls in Icy Hot Spray before work
being stupid and doing the exact same thing as I did last year.
waking up in a different country to the one I want to sleep in.
trying to come up with clever pickup lines
loging into my insta on my moms phone.
Airosole is very cold
getting ready and prepared for “school”
breaking and entering into my girlfriends house by accident
telling my friend a scary story
unauthorized parking one too many times...and now my car stinks
I ruined my mates birthday
texting the nanny I am going to add another camera
Mnnkhnkınkpm
trimming a piece off my ball sack
not holding a door
cheating on my girlfriend with my best friend while blacked out
showing my boss my sex tape at work.
not speaking good English.
because i dont know what to do with my current relationship
jokingly asking for nudes on another post where op bashfully confessed having changed her period pads during a zoom class and accidentally showing her ass.
forgetting that we had paused the TV
I f'd up so hard ree kid bullied me
overwriting my Dad's FFX save file
forgetting at home my ticket for a concert I was looking forward for three months. It is likely all sold out.
masturbating at my parents house
catching my dad on a certain website.
singing " Scotty Doesn't Know" while walking into work.
not making the bed and causing my wife's entire family to panic
joking about fucking my friend’s mom and daughter because I’m a goddamn idiot.
having taking a massive L with a girl I like
making my neighbor's have more noisy sex...
Not the chocolate cake :(
using my ex classmate to take the test of math
telling my 3 year old he has a bum crack
getting ordered to self-quarantine because I remembered Katara instead of Britney
asking out the wrong girl
leaving my laptop battery drained
LISTEN TO THIS AWESOME MUSIC
yelling at and old man who was recovering from a stroke
almost cutting my dick off
making a group of moms put their kids under house arrest
I sat on my room mates emotional support animal.

saying scientists should be virgins
using my keurig to make bedtime tea
not going to the toilet after sex.
coughing
masturbating in my Aunt's room
Recognizing your own self-worth exists outside of the opinions of others and striving only to compete with who you were yesterday, answering only to your own inner compass, and looking at every imperfect venture as a 'process of elimination' rather than a 'failure to acquire value'
telling my dad he has small balls
... well having a crush
telling a customer I wanted him to be my daddy.
Time my boyfriend screwed up lol
telling my girlfriend her quarter pounder smelled like a vagina
working with an adult with learning disabilities.
reading a about pinworms
getting drunk and biting a bat
Today I fucked up by convincing a parent that the best thing to do with the tick on their child's leg was to leave it and not talk about it
leaving my email logged in on my mother's phone
grabbing my colleagues butt
Using the wrong tone
trying to report an NPC in WoW
telling friends and the guy I like that I can’t talk to them anymore because ex was harassing them.
eating Ramen Noodles
sending a sexy video to my husband
I borrowed my girlfriends dads truck and crashed it in front of him
walking a drug dollar all over my office building looking for it's owner
responding to a Facebook message
playing a VR game with a father that doesn’t have the greatest influence on me.
almost getting knocked out by a house cat
attempting to clean my PS4 with WD40
I Have Ruined My Child’s Life
telling my boyfriend his dick was the World's Smallest Tricycle during sex
having a favorite character on prison break.
having sympathy
grabbing a nurse arm
helping my students focus their microscopes without realizing I needed an eye exam
being too upfront about my "little" secret.
spilling fruit punch all over my Dad's Father's Day Gift
live streaming sex sounds on facebook
loudly masturbating in my family home for years
Not me but my parents.
I thought I was going to get the most upvoted comment, turns out I got the most downvoted.-.
forgetting my cat's birthday
being a bad friend
finding a memory stick
sending my nudes to a random guy I met online even though I'm in a long term relationship.
drinking hydrogen peroxide
being unathletic and slow, and drinking the last Gatorade
letting my sadist girlfriend jack me off
going herping for hot herps with a total beginner
moving to a cramped apartment and screwing up a 3 1/2 year relationship and losing my job
Don't do drugs, here's why:
vomiting all over my bosses face, in turn making him vomit in front of a long line of customers.
forgetting to close my iPhone note app with my favorite porn on the first page.
wanting to borrow a phone charger
I broke a $26,000 bong.
sending porn to a ton of people while high.
Calling My Manager on Christmas Day
playing online chess drunk with a girl
slapping a tree with cardboard
peeing in the garbage bin
my chance with a girl by lying to her
sleeping through my alarm
falling for a photoshop of DJ Snake's very lazy eye and using it to teach kids how to overcome adversity (DJ Snake doesn't have a lazy eye)
calling my sister's (Ex)Boyfriend.
not wearing bug spray
locking myself out of my phone for two days
with my amazonian GF
Eating At A Mexican Restaurant w/o Checking To See What I Was Eating
having adhd
Talking With My Ex's Dad
not knowing how to spell
sending the wrong text that sounded sad at best and racist at worst.
nearly setting my apartment on fire and making myself look stupid in front of my roommates.
making PayPal think I am a member of the Yakuza
telling my mom my brother was going to lose his virginity to me
breaking up with my girlfriend.
not getting dinner with my friend.
TIFUpdate on ruining my car
getting in a relationship and catching herpes
losing my second ever best friend
letting my mental health conflict with my work
staying up past when my mommy said so and having to hide under my desk
pressing my girlfriend too hard
PS4. 200gb download
getting mad at my girlfriend for being alone with her ex at her new place
today I got beaten up
accidentally telling my crush that I was interested in someone else after she dropped the biggest hint
hatching a nest of hundreds of baby BLACK WIDOW SPIDERS in my bedroom
another hiking story
TIFI by forgetting to think a kind stranger
saying the word retard
having sex when I didn't have permission to
This morning I managed to broadcast my gf's orgams
popping the biggest chest pimple ever, passing out after and giving myself a black eye.
I didn’t make my cheer team and idk what to do. any advice on how to deal with this is needed.
trusting Google
offering to remove all sexy time post from for November
bruhbruh momentum
burning my flatmates &amp; my feet and getting accused of animal abuse because of me trying being super correct
taking an edible to help me clean then....sleeping in and getting the cops called on me for a wellness check.
pretend kissing a person who wasn't there
having no survival skill and going on a solo roadtrip.
tricking my fitbit into thinking I went for a midnight walk
accidentally ordering a hooker.
Single guy living in small town and i wanted a car that i could get to hang out with friends around town. For a year there was a decent 1997 truck at someone shop and he wanted 1700 for it well i fucked up. Bought it outright before even having mechanic look at it
googling “why is my defecation black” and thinking I was bleeding on the inside
FdsRed
trying to wipe off a cup with pop in it... by my computer
making my GF squirt for the first time, ruining our bed sheets and making our room smell of urine
going to the dark parts of the internet
eating an old burger
dropping my sunglasses in my own poop
Getting The Date Wrong
recording a lecture on zoom but not realizing until now that they send a notification to every single person when you’re recording.
not deleting my ex girlfriend's information
biting a chocolate coin
trying to steal women's underwear at Walmart
getting straight As in hard shit like AI and machine learning.
when I picked the video in my recovery group.
trying to be like Kobe in basketball
trying to cut my tonails
sleeping with an upset stomach in class
because I ordered a new smart thermostat but instead received a 7 ft long Legend of Zelda scroll
Ctrl + V
incorrectly diagnosing athlete's foot
forgetting what day it was...
I sent an incest porn link into a family groupchat
accidentally sharing a gag article, having it the front page, and raising people's hopes
On So Many Levels! My 16 yo daughter found out we are swingers in the most horrifying way possible. God help me!
teaching a guitar class to 12 year olds
watching youtube.
accidentally refreshing my reddit feed.
listening to a podcast titled "My Dad Wrote a Porno" on the way to pick up my 9yo son. Pausing it. And not realizing the title was displayed on the car's dashboard screen.
accidentally getting my preachers wife high via edibles
Men of Reddit, what was a really embarrassing moment with your crush?
trying to impress my Dad
not storing my vibrator properly
sending a dick pic
in a stupid and potentially dangerous way - fortunately I'm OK
unknowingly calling my childhood friend a racial slur
falling in love with a dog I rescued
getting caught inside my gf by her Mormon father.
Had a crap day can you make me laugh and also I would appreciate some karma
wearing the wrong underwear to a fight weigh-in.
telling my date I was gonna kill her.
watering my plants
by not remembering my roomie was home
telling my gf to not celebrate her bitthday
casting ph to the tv accidentally while my dad was home
telling my roommate's gf about a movie my roommate watched an year ago.
My bank apparently thinks I’m a gaming virgin basically 😂
letting my EX cut my hair
kind of letting my boyfriend nut in my mouth
asking out a girl I just started talking to.
damaging the fender on my mom's truck
losing a grand because I backed out of a trip that I didn’t think I should be going on during a pandemic. Parents disagree with my choice.
accidentally stopping my growth spurt
shitting for my family doctor
agreeing to get a massage with my MIL
not reading the description of my foot fungus creme
creating a fireball at a gas station
trying to learn my gf's style.
Made an entire class feel awkward
Don't buy anything from Kinguin, details inside.
listening to music on the beach
developing feelings for my close friend’s girlfriend
Accidentally Firebombed a Statue in my town centre
starting my free trial of Pokémon Bank before I need it (not too bad I’m just cheap)
getting myself inseminated and becoming the father
being a female with period shits
burning my neighbours feet
unwittingly unleashing a biohazard in my kitchen
watching a Mamamax video.
nuking my dog's mouth with a hot pepper
splitting the friend group in half
spilling a confetti of ripped up pregnancy test packaging all over my mom.
I gave a confession letter with the wrong name on it
not hiding my bed restraints
when I lost my virginity and my gfs mum heard everything and ended up suffering her mum’s wrath/distrust for nearly 2 years.when I lost my virginity and my gfs mum heard everything.
not reading an email closely enough
leaving a grow-it-yourself willy in my hotel room's bathtub during a school trip
hilariously getting my order wrong at Sonic
leaving my own toys out in my own room, in my own apartment (NSFW)
slapping my female friend’s ass
is this COVID?
accidentally making an unwanted racist comment
deciding to drive with my contact lenses.
quitting a toxic job
Hult Attack Lyrics By Himmat Sandhu
I think my sister caught me
telling my mum about buying weed
trying to mansplain to my gf how thermometers work
getting mouldy garlic dust everywhere in my grandparents kitchen and all over myself.
using acne body wash on my Penis
bringing up gas chambers...
helping a robber steal a debit card at work and getting fired for it.
butt dialing the police
Eating Ghost Pepper Kettle Corn
I got perma banned from r/pcmasterracejust fked up
serving my new bf the worst tea ever and not telling him what was in it.
hitting myself too hard after a panic attack
not knowing I was allergic to kiwi fruit.
24F) by pulling a reverse Karen and the CEO called me
I've lied in my CV and now I got to lie to keep the job
offending a Karen by playfully threatening my friend/coworker.
I became unaddicted to my Sims and lost the account and everything forever
not paying attention to a random toothpain
when I left my power bank USB charger in my bag and had it soaked in coffee while bike riding.
and misused my bc
rolling on top of the boy I was babysitting.
Friend's Wife...
dyeing my hair dark blue
I came in class
being nice about a bathroom
making frozen pot stickers wrong
pouring melted scentsy warmer cubes down the sink
continuously mocking and shaming my future boss during his meeting
trying edibles for the first time
telling my best friend/ whos also my fwb that i am not ready to be in a relationship
scaring my dad that there was a spider in our car
leaving my scissors out
asking a girl in the gym to turn around
TIFUpdate by ruining my $100 wood project so bad I had to start over
letting my boyfriends friend move in with us
kicking a crazy guy's door
realising I was named after a racist mass murderer.
using my real birthday on discord
making my sister think I was perving on her when she was taking a shower when I just really needed to take a mean shit
answering an unknown caller and getting terrified
probably making my dad think me and my boyfriend were having sex
making the worst comment about an asexual person I could make.
telling someone I wanna take things slow.
LPT  stretching on my mom's lap therefore accidentally giving myself muscle strain
Electrical overload
matching with my boyfriend’s roommate on Tinder
murdering a pigeon in the presence of my two youngest daughters
Everyone messes up at least once per job interview, right?
posting a picture of myself naked and a picture of my girlfriend on Reddit in the same day.
accidentally breaking my mum's laptop by causing her to spill coffee over it.
taking ambien on a plane and teleporting
I completely blew my chance to lose my V - Card
making a guy relive the death of his son
because my girlfriend has run away after a game of fall guys...
going to the gym without my bag... twice
needing help with my mental state and my friend saw my cuts
posting on tiktok.
wearing my new engagement ring to work and losing it.
trying to be Mr. Rogers and getting kicked off the property of an old people's home. swiping right
getting a hair cut and telling my hair dresser that I knew her from her other work
trying to pay it forward
tipping $106 dollars on a $20 bill
walking into a bank and jokingly saying give me the money
sending my grandma one of my nudes
not trusting my gut
watching Hasan Piker during class
burning a hole in my parents bathtub
accidentally drawing a penis
sending porn to family group chat.
winning a game of overwatch
realizing I wasn't supposed to wear pajamas at a career fair
going to the liquor store
trying to not wake my son
using coconut oil as a moisturizer after shaving. NSFW
accidentally canceling $700,000~ in customer orders
not hiding the lube well enough.
using too many onions while making egg rolls
cheering for the wrong football team in front of my bf
shattering my boyfriends window..
playing VR.
for playing a stupid prank of wanting to get back to my ex
First (known) sleepwalking experience
trying on a ring that was supposed to be a Christmas gift
blanking out in class when the professor called on me.
eating beets
accidentally doing a juice cleanse, driving the porcelain bus, and thinking I had anal bleeding.
I sent a link to video with swearing in my church group chat.
A Kindergarten Melodrama
accidentally pulling on my headphone wire so hard it snapped.
thinking my dog was smart
forgetting a wallet
accidentally stealing time from my job &amp; being fired for it..
Probably Ruining My Mental Health More.
Telling My Fiance I was Buying NordVPN Services
fox tail butt plug
showing my nudes to my friends
my parents getting carded today
Having a Gaseous Emission
swimming at my girlfriend's house
giving my girlfriend a lousy gift for her birthday
massaging my neck in the bath until it became a bloodbath
shoving a dandelion in my partners throat and ruining the entire day
accidentally making my family think I'm racist thanks to pokemon go.
but that's not the issue, my point is how to get past it how to accept it and move on. regret is eating me alive.
spraying my butthole with poopuri
telling my mom I had a midterm...
bouncing an old lady’s titty.
raising another Steve Irwin
calling a gas station attendant “Dad” at 1am
Biggest ever
accidentally stabbing my friend in the hand with a pencil
ruining game night for the first weekend out of quarantine
with a very embarrassing middle school relationship
using a blowtorch on a 70 dollar Godzilla figure
almost burning down my university accommodations laundry because I put trust in the kindness of strangers squeezing the hand sanitizer bottle too much and making my left eye blind for a week
pretending that I got a hand job from a student
drinking my own pee
accidentally sending a self harm meme to a group chat of not very close friends
holding a giant sex party inside my house and turning it into a giant massacre
sending my classmate a virus and destroying his PC
cake day
confusing vacuole and vulva
eating pizza before having sex.
emailing grandma
when I lost my virginity without knowing that the foreskin can retract behind the penis head
enabling notifications and making a joke with my Father-in-law
hurting this girl while trying out a new feature in Facebook messenger
accidentally flashing the entire first grade of my daughter's elementary school
pranking my brother, laughing so hard I blacked out and fell on his PC
buying my wife "what to expect when expecting"
asking my daughter of I could eat her peach..
Accidentally exposed myself to a group of kids
"getting out of" my "shell"
telling my boyfriend that I got the biggest, blackest dick NSFW
sneaking out and getting caught by the cops
shitting in a condom and using it as a dildo
while making shortbread
my body
going into my room.
dropping a customer's $1 bill
wanting some nostalgia.
for faking my grandma’s death.
Eating Leftover Aguachile
not muting myself on a Discord voice channel while I ranted about personal issues on a separate phone call.
making an announcement
doing way too much edibles
wearing my submissive's collar to my fitness class
helping someone on public transport
doing the opposite of what I wanted to do
doing something totally innocuous
drinking a big cup of expired milk.
insulting my sister
not saying goodbye to my first ever girlfriend.
getting drunk and streaming with friends while having stomach issues
being an idiot in front of my science class
with a typo
looking Lynn Gunn in the eyes and not knowing the words
joining a pyramid scheme MLM and investing $10,000 into it.
missing my CPR certification course
trying not to f*ck up a chance with a girl who I had a major crush on.
not being selfish
playing an over highly abusive song on my debate zoom class
ruining my own birthday
letting several king cobras bite my penis shaft.
starting a wrapper wall that hot multiple kids in trouble including myself
installing a test
accidentally gassing my apartment during quarantine
How i broke £45 of wine
Locked myself out of the bathroom and maintenance man saw motivational post it’s and dildos.
trying anal for the first time
putting icy hot on my balls
getting a vasectomy
calling my mom
accidentally leaving rule34 on my phone and falling asleep
assuming a deaf person was throwing gang signs.
yelling fuck you at a Starbucks employee
magic erased my face
asking my mom to help me find my missing work lanyard
accidentally catching my BF's father watching porn while licking his cats butthole
spending the entire day with glass in my foot
not bathing my newborn for 3 weeks.
Installing Security Cameras In My Apartment
almost ordering the wrong jerky flowers
For my mom and my doctor
thinking a gay couple was actually homophobic, and now one of them thinks the other is cheating on him
posting a picture of my dick in my WhatsApp story.
sitting on the bed and popping my knee out
yeeting a fourwheeler off a jump with no safe landing possible
asking my friend what is the most fucked up thing someone they know has done.
asking a blind man to watch my trick
pretending to be a gardening enthusiast when my “down low” FWB’s friends caught me in his condo.
Work family I loved and missed terrible actually have hated me this whole year.
thinking I was home alone
Some creepy guy come everyday in front of my back door.
accidentally ending up in a bike race and injuring an elderly man.
having an allergic reaction to water (25 F)
Yandere Simulator destroyed a 1200 dollar computer
leaving meat out in the open for weeks
Today i fucked up texting one of my exes
calling the cops on my dad
because I bursted into laughter while playing the piano in front of the whole church
trying to reheat boiled eggs
cancelling my cats' pet insurance
almost biting my orthodontists finger off
TIF by losing an expensive necklace that I got for my bday
building my first gaming PC with a RTX 2070 Super GPU for 550$ I ordered 2 weeks ago after finding out the new RTX 3070 drops next month.
sending an unfortunate picture to my ex.
taking the hall pass without telling the teacher.
almost going blind from fingering my girlfriend
Making a racist comparison
telling my bf his Christmas gift he got for me was cheap...
sending a very graphic nude to the work group chat
ending a month-long relationship... It's not mine.
using my femenin lips to catfish on datingapp
ruining by wife's childhood
trying to be supportive while religious
having a really good poop at work
Probably seems like nothing
losing mine and my partner documents
taking a midnight run
not realizing that an overzealous toilet and broken toilet are not the same thing
making my girlfriend think I came on the cat
accidentally shitting on a dude's face
I fell asleep through my class
flushing my joint
making some VERY shitty pretzels
hiring a prostitute
disguising myself as a bush and pranking the wrong person.
masterbating in front of my roommate
reading the "Practical genital hygiene on a firs date post while high"
speaking English and learning some words in Catalan
taking an ancestrydna test.
learning the hard way that "the market can remain irrational for longer than you can remain solvent"
reading a post about someone who fell and banged her head after reading a post about someone who cut their tongue with a razor ?
I literally almost died due to giant pig testicles
taking a hot shower after smoking weed
A double screw up
thinking that hiding my own posts on my profile would hide them for other people
throwing a condom joke at my friend... who's adopted...
I fucked up by letting my car run out of gas
trying to help an old lady
TIFI by not me 25M not understanding my girlfriends 47F joke and having an all out mental breakdown and ending our relationship
I’m a loser, Baby, so why don’t you kill me.
plugging in a puny plastic thing in an outlet
drunk texting my ex
passing out on my way to work
ruining the best thing in my life
Smashing my Penis
watching an old Metallica show from 1992
walking in grass
having long hair
sharing something private
letting my 2 year old bring his powerwheel inside.
letting my dog out without her leash on...
zoning out while eating out of a giant bag of Salt &amp; Vinegar chips
accidentally fingering my mom
setting off my sister's car alarm
telling my boss I'm going to add money to my salary
staying up till 4 am when I had court today, and slept right through my alarm
accidentally stealing a bunch of people’s credit card info
i forgot to mute in online classes when i was talking to myself
masturbating home alone.
mis-bee-having.
bothering hotel staff and a random family because I drunkenly forgot my room number.
deleting my entire art gallery
masturbating while my grandpa died
almost passing out at work for the 2nd time
letting my boyfriend's brother send himself an email from my phone.
Sex toys on the counter.
buying a VSCO membership
referencing a r/fiftyfifty post in Sex-Ed class
I fucked up by not muting myself in my history class via Zoom
losing the wrong bet
Today I Fucked Up by leaving a bottle of lube in the background of a video I recorded for a public speaking class.
having sex a sexy time with sex sex
Today my teacher heard me talking about dicks and porn
leaving my window open all day for several days.
screaming obscenities in my driveway
In my college speech class
being horny while also needing to take a shit and I have guests over.
searching my cousins name online to find answers
I wanted to be like actors
pissing on my cousin’s carpet in full view of the girl who was also staying the night.
using coconut oil as a moisturizer after shaving.
pickpocketing my coworker’s keychain
by offending friend on Reddit.
but videoing our new kitten kneading around my belly as I was laying on the couch. She was purring &amp; walking in circles, searching for a comfortable place to lay down. It wasn't until the video was posted to Facebook that I noticed something else made the final cut--
No change
Spent half an hour trying to tie the string holder for my water bottle
gifting a Crock-Pot for my wife's birthday
Cum
not being a suckass
Didn’t take my own advice and fainted at thanksgiving dinner
smashing a tennis ball on my tinder date
wiping my nose while I was on the toilet
my dad f up by slipping sharting on himself and burning a building down with $6000 in it
tending to my houseplants
eating edibles for the first time in a long time
flipping off my entire online class
killing a ...
getting some fresh air on my friend's balcony.
being an awkward and cringy poet who fell in love with the girlfriend of a good friend
not emptying out the fridge in a timely manner. NSFW?
trying to be a good person
saying I enjoy artificial insemination
pressing f5 when I meant to press f9...
for ranting about my physics teacher
breaking a $500 Christmas gift
Was forced to walk for 2 hours in a snowstorm
leaving my oven on last night
calling my niece an ugly-ass baby
not knowing the deadline of a project
well actually 5 yrs ago) by carelessly reaching over sharp blade.
ditching my boyfriend to help out my ex
thinking being a children's DJ is easy
throwing snow without a glove.
making my hairstylist wash semen out of my hair
not killing a spider
missing a B
getting way too drunk on a Wednesday night
ripping my pants and flashing my butt
"turtle heading" during sex
looking up an old classmate at work
watching porn while my wife and daughter are taking a bath
burning weeds too close to a fence
trying to be diligent and actually study
taking 4 Viagra to impress my ex-girlfriend
leaving a bag full of trash in my dad's company car for 4 weeks. trying to teach my grandmother to use a smart phone
hitting my mom in the face with Christmas lights and ruining family photos
changing my kid’s diaper
LPT: Don’t joke about asking for nudes.
You ever cheese grate your arm?
hosting a morning party where someone shat in my bed
calling out a catfish who wasn't actually one
fucking my cousin at my brothers wedding and the whole family finding out
accidentally asking my Uncle to watch me masturbate in the pool
35 single domme looking for a sub
writing a letter to my boss saying that he fails as a manager.
using twitter
I posted on AskReddit a question and phrased it the wrong way
not knowing cats are attracted to shrooms
accidentally sending a photo of my ginormous excrement to my crush (on snapchat)
putting a 3 inch scratch into a customer's car
searching for a wallpaper
making a simple mistake
Today I fucked up by baking a cake.
at the carwash
biology test
I just submitted an application to grad school with the wrong personal statement.
shaming how my wife dresses provocatively
Tokyo drifting on some ice
grabbing a delivery girl's tits grabbing my pizza delivery girl's tits
cumming to my parents' voice
letting someone know they’re fired
Sent a porn link into a family groupchat
by my wife something for Valentine's day..
not going to the bathroom before I left
by unintentionally destroying the microwave thus resulting to a new rule on the office and possibly a memo from the HR
dropping a sample box into the liquid nitrogen vessel
I'm fucked up real bad today. I ruined what is not even mine.
falling asleep with penis ring
attacking a spider with chemical warfare.
going down on my gf while possibly having mono (nsfw)
naming our dinner "Stephen".
wearing my custom Covid buttplug to work
sending a picture of a opened condom wrapper to my friend and ultimately finding out that I was an accident
accidentally sending my nan abusive phone calls
Told everyone on my course I want to be a girl
and flambéed my face
freely handing my money to Jeff Bezos
leaving using speech-to-text
telling my little brother that Spider-Man is our cousin
Netflix account
opening Snapchat in a club
asking for information and running after a woman scaring her
helping an elderly man make a drug sale
texting my platoon sergeant instead of my girlfriend
going to an AYCE sushi place and not finishing my food.
really like last year I fucked up and admitted it to my girlfriend today)
flushing my knife down the work toilet
Not Latching the Stall
Shaving my balls
messing up my friends test
meeting a girl and almost making her faint
TIFI by telling my MIL that my boyfriends best friend has a pee fetish.
chasing one day of chicken madras and oreo milkshake with a day of homemade chipotle chicken chilli and having to schedule a doctor's appointment
ruining a pair of $100 leggings
not listening to my mom and nearly burning our house down
getting out of my comfort zone for once
expressing to my recruiter how lazy I was
telling a thot what she needed to here
not replying to who I thought I was replying to
dislocating my friend's fingers
drunk texting my niece
exposing myself on zoom
Changing my password at work
refreshing my family's memory of me taking a piss on the PC
BIL seeing me topless, parents might get banned from babysitting.
Today I Fucked Up by getting myself banned on jacksepticeye's Discord server.
when we fell into a mini waterfall
Oopsy doopsy poopsy
throwing the worst bachelor party ever
eating copious amounts of cereal.
trying to open a file on my fiancée's brand new laptop
sending a video to my carpet fitter.
visiting an old teacher and ended up locking her father outside the apartment.
sending a screenshot with embarrassing tabs open to a potential job
Slept in and couldn't hold in the flood gate
r/ watching anime last night
going to the wrong website
chugging an entire packet of tic tacs to impress a girl.
wearing an antique watch
saying “I was done” to another patron of the restaurant. I thought they were my server. They picked up my plate and took it to the bar.
making sausages for dinner
Unknowingly Using My Boyfriend's Glory Rag As A Wipe
sticking my finger in poop
forgetting to turn on text notifications
By calling my sister fat
disrupting exams
putting Nair in my buttcrack
not realising which way the disc goes in
sterilize my new piercing
when I learned that my group forgot to turn off the AC in the classroom they day before classes were suspended because of Covid.
NSFW  leaving a very large dildo in my bathroom, forgetting that my dad was coming round to help me move
pinching my privates in a trash can
being super depressed and having sex with a girl who has had a crush on me for a while.
Today i fucked up by destroying the TV
accidentally sh*tting in the bath tub
shaving by dick
Suggestions? I messed up big time
with a customer
with an ambiguous Valentines Day card.
sending an audio while peeing to my new co-workers
I left a comment containing a sexual expletive on my college report
burning off half my beard and the hair on my left arm.
eating more special gummies than expected
yelling "woah" at a friend's sister's Instagram photo.
smoking another joint, pretty sure just caused myself some sort of lung problems (S)
reminding the teacher of yesterday’s homework
Mom brings up long suppressed memories
getting mad at my boyfriend and wearing my poopsuit to bed as revenge. Now we're in a fight.
shaving my head and completely regretting it.
playing but all with a bowling ball
accusing my husband of saying our son was a mistake
leaving all our weed shit out for the maintenance guy to see...
Imagining what it must be like for my sperm when my gf put a vibrator on my balls
completely forgetting to get my dad any Christmas presents
telling my mom I got shot in a school shooting
sounding sleepy in the phone with my dad!
talking to a girl I've started seeing about abortion, without knowing she had one within the last year.
forgetting I had my parking brakes on
sending a meme to my friend.
showing my mom one of my nudes
drinking the wrong type of tea.
getting locked out of my car while it was running
I almost killed myslef...
Hell would've been better
dropping a 1,100$ phone in the ocean
Alright guys, Imagine having your tallywhacker shown to your crush
finding my friends bf on Tinder
sending a private message that was seen in a video conference
telling a non appropriate joke...
stepping on a lizard and letting it die slowly.
having the worst first cinema date possible
Commuting to University
huffing enamel paints
Batu City Health Office Prepares Reserved Shelter for Covid Isolation Patients
when I didn't pay attention to my patient getting loaded on the bus and they got stuck like a turtle on its back.
lying about getting therapy to my dad.
nearly starting a race war within my school
teaching my 70 y/o mother-law about queefing!
putting an aerosol can in a burn barrel
letting my dad help me move
spending $810 on an image of a computer part
giving away my phone to an Ebay scammer
staring at the sun for too long during the solar eclipse
drinking with my girlfriend
giving a back massage
streaming my hemorrhoids on Instagram and Facebook
I think - I called my good friends abusive father out and the whole family blocked me
not drink water correctly my whole life.
sending a video to my ex gf on Christmas
accidentally dropping good pizza in the trash
Accidentally didn't hang up
liking my crazy ex coworker on tinder
Today I kicked my wife out the house
telling someone not to kill themself, in front of a crowd of people.
doing leg lifts with abdominal hernia
not letting my dog out.. for the second time this morning
Recommended Boosting Credit score😎
I broke my phone....
taking a blood test
being accidentally racist and now have a Colombian archenemy
leaving the class after getting embarrassed
finding out that my husband had never fucked me and having my infidelity exposed.
using my mom's baby oil while home alone.
believing that sexual fantasy erotica was real
talking about COVID-19 with a customer.
thanks Facebook live
embarassing myself
soling my friends spare bad
Amercan Fool Following American Foolishness.
letting my maid know I was watching porn
making racist friends.
taking a dump in a bag
Ruined two out of three Xmas gifts
causing a misunderstanding and accidentally “came out” as trans on my mother’s birthday.
looking for a hookup on Craigslist
barking at my new personal trainer
leaving a sex toy out in the open when a friend is coming over to pet sit
not eating fruit at a desirable speed.
swallowing a marble
accidentally doing the Tide Pod challenge
using an alternative to toilet paper
accidentally getting Raid bug killer in my vagina...
trying to be hygienic
leaving my green smoothie on my desk for too long.
joining a coke session and losing by job.
I just said 'I don 't want to do this today. I'm shivering because I don't want to do this today's on an online class
and realised that a papaya can be used as a weapon and their stains are the hardest to scrub.
Not Taking My Wife Back in Time
browsing the internet
looking up while taking a crap
Not Reading Social Cues
flashing my Mother in Law
taking a dump in the ladies room
telling my fiancé she looks awful
religious family accidentally saw me rub one out
sleeping in the vicinity of my girlfriend
not wanting to be a diva
Today I fucked up by masturbating with a menstrual cup still inside of me
craving salad and triggering a traumatic childhood event involving the ninja turtles
Playing with fire extinguisher then causing fire
How i missed all the hints she was giving me
5 Tennis Ball Drills for Hand-Eye Coordination
be really enjoying the smell of coffee
getting caught while watching the strip club scene from GTA5 at work
accidentally clicking a weird ass nsfw furry gif
dating a guy with a crazy ex girlfriend
zoom university
meeting the wrong Tinder date at the park
wearing my hospital worker badge into a (legal) pot shopFor Lack of a Shoe ...
stinging my husband's eyes in the shower
exposing all my credit card information on Tumblr
forgetting where the house key is.
and probably ruined someone's wedding
beating the heat with my meat and my personal hell is relived again
shouting the name of my cousin while having sex with my husband
using Intel graphics instead of NVIDIA graphics...
Today I fucked up by eating two small bowls of jalapeños
BAD QUARANTINE DECISIONS :////
dressing as Batman
changing my tyres
That poor lady did nothing wrong....
cause I'm a dumbass
forgetting food in a pot for a month. Another Victim of the Virus.
using icy hot on my back side
dissing Kobe Bryant when my friend told me he died.
LPT when the furniture store makes you sign papers saying you’ve measured your home and the furniture will fit, don’t estimate.
realising that my parents could easily contact my ISP for my search history
masturbating to my grandma
watching Jersey Shore
beeing a lazy ass and probably fail my paper
playing with a stapler.
trying to stay sleepy while applying icy hot.
Said a naughty word infront of family
throwing away 16 dollars.
accidentally having sex
letting my son go in a cult
thinking that my female best friend told my girlfriend that we are having sex
scratching my sisters brand new iPhone SE (2020)
overheating my "newly" built computer for about 6 months.
accidentally stranding myself in the hot Texas sun for 2 hours
accidentally/inderictly calling my sister's GF old... Got roasted for it
calling friends mom the N word
trying to be happy with my new gf
making a little girl cry
making a joke on reddit
getting scammed on eBay
accidently gluing my eye shut.
using Baby Feet on my foot with a cut. Ok, a slice out of it.
sneaking into my girlfriend’s house with food poisoning.
not having enough referrals for bee coin
and drugged my parents and ruined thanksgiving
losing a 20.
driving off with a gas pump and spraying a old man with gas
DO NOT LEAVE YOUR HOME, LIKE I DID
accidentally factory resetting my laptop
speaking spanish while living overseas
sending strangers to a completely random location. letting my boyfriend kiss me
having a house burning party
riding my motorcycle to get some ice cream
sneezing on my drill sergeant.
On Friday I said to a young African American woman I “own you”
causing my butthole to repeatedly burst with burning water full of ascorbic acid.
Car Trouble got expensive
sending a snapchat to the wrong person
not noticing I was not on mute.
taking a shit
having too big a shit
after hearing our PM's speech
kicking my dad in the balls
not removing a dick from my Costco membership
calling a customer autistic and proceeding to have a panic attack in front of them.
TIFB Taking A Peek Into My Teachers Room.
I(21M) told a sexual joke to a girl(19F) I’ve been talking to online and she got mad at me.
not picking my girlfriend up from the airport
pushing too hard
missing my boyfriends phone call 30 times
implying my girlfriends grandma is probably dead
while trying to my brother that his teacher had died.
Hbhqdvwljcvqw
while explaining how the vibrator works to my parents. Oh sorry I mean a vaporizer.
sexting my college crush and her husband ruined my life
accident by groping a guy.
How was your first time taking edibles?
i can't take no more!
eating a Brussel Sprout Potato and Feta Oven Bake two days in a row
scraping a parked car and drove off
turning my roommates bathroom into a bloody shit mess
letting my Dad open my package
thinking POC meant ‘piece of crap’ and POTUS meant ‘piece of total utter shit’.
squirting my finger
crashing a car and trying to escape
Owe a Lot of Federal Taxes
not locking my Door NSFW
defecating myself while donating plasma...
Today I fucked up by playing soccer with my dog in flip flops.
using cheese dough to "do the deed"
eating 1 gummy bear.
texting my wife
typing “69” for all my answers on an important test
self harming
writing in a birthday card
passing out while meditating for the first time.
slapping my wife with my hotdog
going to a site a meme told me not to visit.
becoming the walking dead
taking a smoke break inside a bank.
eating 825mg of DXM Hbr...
not realizing my son's diaper wasnt on right.
stating a bogan-ish bird "tale" in hs
LPT:  burning a brush pile on a windy day
powdering my husband's balls
unintentionally outing our closest friends about sending their children to the 1st day of school 3 days after the mother tested positive for Covid-19
commenting on a relative's baby
saying a curse word on Xbox.
making a dick joke on the phone
Failing to Prepare for my Presentation
calling 911 on an innocent man
How I (nearly) burnt through $25000 in 2ns today.
trying to disinfect the container for a gallon of paint.
tripping balls without taking into consideration my unhealthy state of mind and depressing environment
Why did ‘Chump’ appear in Valdosta, GA?
Downloading Minecraft Mods on My Chromebook
thinking I could win a MGS: TPP FOB mission
Stealing arts, definitely not hearts
being caught red-handed as a sexual deviant by my parents
shitting on our living room floor
discovering the true meaning of my childhood nickname
getting stuck in a machine at work
asking my crush out over the internet
licking mayonnaise off and uncircumcized orphans cock
shaving down there
waking up on time.
being 6’9” and having a massive fucking cock
Play-Bitting With Son
buying the season pass of a game instead of thr full game cos it was on sale.
telling CPS my grandpa tried to kill me
relationships with my only friend
trying to be nice, but ended up being an asshole racist.
accidentally kicking my dog in the nose
accidentally outing my trans brother
Drinking A Coke Zero
I put habanero flakes in the meal rather than the normal chilli flakes.
By almost showing my Mom my masturbation toys
Ps5/xbox
sharing my phone
giving my hubby’s friend edibles and having to call 911 naked
a said to a gypsy couple they were attractive to be gypsies.
Poor little shit.
bringing my phone to the bathroom
nicknaming a coworker on Facebook Messenger
revealing my identity while selling fake nudes
spilling water on the painting I’ve been working on for four hours
talking to the owner of Taco John’s
looking like a sloppy cokehead
ruining my whole Geometry class’ grade.
Sending Nudes to My Brother
wanting to be home earlier
after I typing F when my teacher was gone
letting my brother find out I’m in the furry fandom
sending 40 condoms to my mum's house
letting my dog into the house
with keyboard and pop...
Today I fucked up by not joining r/LunaroWarframe
leaving old underwear on the seat during what should have been a simple oil change
forgetting an engagement ring before our vacation.
obliterating my microwave, therefore ruining Christmas dinner
laminating my high school diploma
going outside on a windy day in my robe
ordering a flesh light
dirty taking my BF when my friend joined PS4 party chat.
Eeboo Puzzles
realizing the older woman I’ve been sleeping with for months is my coworkers mom.
taking the wrong exam and patting myself on the back for a job well done.
throwing my fiance into a panic attack by accident.
pretending to enjoy the real housewives accidentally being a disgusting pig
buying the same game twice and claiming it on my two steam accounts
burning my junk with a cigarette
unintentionally third wheeling at my friends incredibly awkward date.
sending a message on the wrong whatsapp group
(Short and Sweet) I was rushing at the grocery store and I was grabbing snacks ya know — doing my thing.
showing my dad the song “no cock like horse cock”
getting drunk on new year's eve and screwing my chances with my crush.
I'm not even sick
getting 5 cops cars called on me and my family
My sisters friends bottom came off
flooding the top floor of my Hotel
watching porn after a web meeting.
By showing my coworker my boyfriends dick and breaking my phone.
going the wrong way
getting sick INTO someone’s mouth
saying my gf's nose was abnormal
asking what we were going to eat
accidently casting Porn Hub while my dad was home
Not Saving
accidentally giving my goddaughter ashtray water
ignoring the warning label
Today, I almost f*cked up by almost wearing slippers to school
OFFENDING A FRIEND ON REDDIT
being open and honest
signing a package that was not mine
not wearing both sides of my earbuds
destroying my and my flatmates most valuable Property (TP)
sh*tting in my toilet, then realized there was no water in it
washing my face with my “dad’s” soap
feeding my baby in privacy
turning my last cream to water
whispering "happy mother's day" into my GFs ear after nutting in her
being a dumb teenager and participating in (safe) premarital sex and getting exposed for it
freaking out my FedEx deliverywoman
clicking a moaning click-bait link
calling my Girlfriend Cuter than Baby Yoda (Grogu)
getting muslim girl pregnant
I got caught not submitting assignments twice.
Buying a Ceiling Fan Off Craigslist
not letting an injury heal properly
opening a can of worms that shouldn't have been
getting caught squeezing the lemon outside by a girl I had a love connection with.
using turmeric on a face mask
Today I fucked up by doing this at a McDonalds
playing phasomophobia in the dark.
screaming in my Applebees' waitress face in a Christian Bale Batman voice
telling a woman I have a slight crush on I thought she'd be heavier.
On so many levels! My 16 year old daughter found out we are swingers in the most horrifying way possible. God help me.
Not Checking The Content Warnings Of My Book At School
taking my stepmoms edibles.
not getting the hint because I was playing video games.
causing a kid to have a mental breakdown during my first week at work
accidentally posting a question from an old test online and it can't come down
telling my gf that her other outfit was better
burning my eyebrows off
eating too many beans
at the doctor.
catching feelings for a 15 year old
Leaving Tea out and Swallowing a Fly
not realizing my hot waitress was asking me to buy her a drink
getting a boner in front of my friends. (tl;dr included)
doing laundry NSFW
ordering calendars with photos of my dogs
unintentionally destroying the social life of an already unpopular classmate
not eating my usually proper diet and getting hunger pains
accidentally spoiling the Last of Us 2 for myself and a friend
washing my wallet
eating noodles I found deep in the cupboard
getting banned from whatsapp
buying a new pair of sneakers
leaving my mini fridge on full blast.
Pissed off my spiritual Guru/Friend
Almost died driving into a mine field
telling a customer to keep a roller-shade to remind them of their murdered daughter
moving to Canada in a UHaul during a pandemic
U mentioned you never pulled your foreskin back till 15. This happened to me but 17. I think it stopped some penis growth, I have a skinny penis. Are you the same?
pooping at new years eve party
trying to find partners for my wife and i
numbing my penis and then scalding it.
trying out crossdressing
purchasing condoms, lube and carrots.
putting a willy in my boss’ pocket
very badly by saying I have Coronavirus.
Accidentally Soaking Piss Water in My Carpet
Going to the Park with My Boyfriend &amp; Getting Stalked?!?! (I'm so confused)
I cooked dinner and gave us both food poisoning
taking a double dose of Walmart extra strength allergy pills
Quarantine video phone sex rookie fail (NSFW)
When late night munchies went horribly horribly wrong
LPT:  losing my wallet in rural Japan
forgetting that my mom's dad died
getting the lofi girl burned into my work laptop's screen
having sex with my girlfriend while her father was home
almost biting off my wife’s finger
making a bad joke on Valentine's Day
forgetting about a date with my crush because of Fortnite
shaving my peach fuzz off my face with my husbands razor.
swiping left on my friends phone
realising my soap isn’t soap
causing a hole in my bathroom door
not saving my code which I worked on for 16 hours straight
forgetting two of the Cardinal Sins of motorcycledome.
I accidentally told my step sister that I like her- I don't
putting the wrong condiment on my salad 🥗
road raging in my Semi Truck and my company getting it all on camera
messaging one of my groomers
for cutting my hair on my own during quarantine
trying to get out of the way of an ambulance
buying my toddler the Rugrats movie!
letting my little brother use my phone
causing an evacuation of a chemical labratory
Taking out the trash turns into an expensive mistake!
and locked myself out of my car
putting my personal details on show
spending $300 on a cameo for my wife.
Took a dump in the wrong washroom
saying “Play it by year”
screwing up my wooden floors
not buying lube
accidentally getting high before my kids opened presents on Christmas
Today i fucked up by realising my whole childhood insparation was a lie
catching my popcorn on fire
accidentally using voicemod in class
not reading the rest of the recipe
Went to my fall/winter job today and found my old ski jacket...
I'm not sure how badly I FU
trying to complementing a class mate and ended up calling her fat !
learning wife is Antifa
sending my packages straight on to my parent’s house, and now I'm afraid they think I have some sort of wolf fetish.
our friendship
accidentally saying my stepson had a serial killer’s name
dropping my pizza
accidentally dyeing one of my mom's wooden spoons black
being extremely rude at Walmart on Christmas Eve
and the secret service showed up on my mom's porch
using reddit to talk about boobs with my roommate and her girlfriend.
Told a bad joke that was inappropriate but didnt meant it that way
accidentally tripping a lady down an escalator.
sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sexsex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex
giving my nannying kids maggots for dinner
taking a shit in the nurses bathroom
not showering, applying makeup and accidentally overdosing...
finding out my dad’s reddit name and reading his posts/comments
giving my dad vertigo by blowing in his ear
believing my Tinder friend lives in his own apartment
cussing out my entire class over zoom
getting into an accident in a work vehicle for my brand new job.
locking myself out of the house
trying to carbonate some cider
Donate Now If You Have Love In Your Heart
not knowing my sister’s boyfriend was at our house.
going to the loo without knowing I was locking myself in with a wasp
breaking my boss’s sofa on a visit to his house and doing other retarded shit
by thinking shaking my head to remove a spider would work.
telling my friend I dreamed of him
quoting a meme during sexy times
deciding my bf and I were ready for anal play
only answering 1 question on my 8 question Cal 3 exam
a Chance to Get Laid
putting something in the microwave that nearly caught on fire
subcribing to
hitting my new car with my old car
eating insanely hot hot sauce
using my supervisor's override number without him even clocked in
blasting amine moans in the same car as my ultra-conservative grandparents.
creating a rat mummy in our salt container and feeding that salt to hundreds of people
going to works Christmas party
deliriously throwing cat shit out the window.
blowing up axe cans in my face
forgetting gay people exist
eating Pringles
implying I wash my clothes with human waste
letting my teacher see a email titled "Worship BBC"
spraining my ankle in a frat house and definitely not impressing the guy I was trying to get with.
not washing my sheets and laundry enough
throwing away toilet paper
I know this doesn’t fit here but please if you are able to and have time donate to this GoFundMe. My friend’s apartment just caught on fire and could use ANY type of assistance https://gofund.me/def3ec84 💗🖤🤍
sending heart emojes to my ex-girlfriend in WhatsApp
jumping through a screen window and peeing all over myself
sending porn to my family group chat.
yelling that my teacher was having an orgasm and the students were causing it.
wearing a bondage collar into the store
getting in the middle of a FB argument that had nothing to do with me.
Destroying the relation a girl and me had
killing my laptop
letting my friends frame an offensive pic of me making lunch
owning a huge box of expired condoms
sending a picture of a bra to the wrong person
driving a chisel into my hand
running at 2 AM and getting chased by a guy with a knife
threatening to assault my psychotherapist at a local Catholic college for saying ... ‘why don’t we just skip the next session ‘
making my teacher think I was gay
If anyone in this group has a funny story about a sister or BFF, you may want to enter this humor writing contest
screaming obscenities into a work Skype session.
being a huge idiot
answering the phone?
letting my mother shave my sideburns during quarantine, and looking like a failed science experiment.
forgetting what I had in my hand
I told my new found friend to hit the gym
accidentally giving myself a low dose of carbon monoxide poisoning
going down on my boyfriend in the wilderness
How badly did I mess up?
Today (or rather a few days ago) I f*cked up
playing a NSFW game with Bluetooth headphones
taking my family on a hike.
getting back into Social Media.
Realizing Life Was Almost Easier In Active Addiction
not telling my kid about Ctrl-Z
submitting the wrong file for my exam
letting my computer idle
accidentally guessing "Larry King" in a word game where the prompt involved a deceased talk show host
suggesting that the fictional kingdom of the sun should be inhabited by POC
trusting my gut.
not deciding to grab the shovel from the shed when I was told of an incoming snow storm.
getting kicked of my favourite game.
Would you rather marry an ugly billionaire or an attractive poor person
not including a lol
I told me neuropsychologist that I have used marijuana a few times in the past.
being too good at my job
shitting my pants when farting on the way home from a sleepover date
losing my Whatsapp account and then retrieving it.
telling my daughter she's a snowflake for hypothetically attending a peaceful demonstration.
making myself think I achieved the perfect maximum overclock, then screwing over my system temporarily
quoting Infinity War to my girlfriend during Frozen 2
not realizing by friend was still with his girlfriend
sex sex sex
ordering a burrito and having a date the day after almost burning a hole through the balcony
feeding my foster sister's daughter veggies.
letting my dog loose then chasing her down the streets
walking a drunk girl home and ending up in a police car.
outing someone as a suspected peado
accidentally flashing my girlfriend on FaceTime
being ignorant of the meaning of "Cuck"
leaving my windows cracked at lunch
booking a flight for the wrong time
getting a personal loan at 29.9% interest and lying about it to my family
sending an explicit text to the wrongest person possible.
forgetting my university's $1000 video camera in a salvation army
condition myself to get a boner when I take a shit
tIfUT if FUUUUU
laying down and smoking.
doing unappropried anal stimulation.
forgot the bathroom out of the house tour!! 😭
sitting in someone's seat
buying FS2020 on steam
going on Instagram at work and might lead me into getting fired
cleaning the keyboard
Today I fucked up and got my daughter to call herself a slur
accidentally telling my co worker he should masturbate
A while ago I commented on this guys post saying that his best friend died my comment was “ too bad” instead of to bad I feel so bad.
loosing my bestfriend and my girlfriend
cutting out drywall over dust.
Setting My PS4 on Fire
wearing the wrong deodorant and smelling awful for years
Walked in to someone else apartment. It was nice for two seconds.
recommending Shel Silverstein books to family for my daughter's Christmas present.
having sexy sex with the sex person.
mistaking condoms for candy
eating way too much of a pot brownie
flicking girlfriend's bean in front of the window.
twirling in my kitchen
accidentally added my exgf's previous ex on Snapchat.
farting during sex while on a first date with a girl from tinder.
open relationship trouble
bribing a cop and running over a pedestrian and getting involved in a high speed pursuit
peeing in the kitchen trash can
accidently showing my mum something that she shouldn't have saw.. leading her to look through the entirity of Reddit.
drinking 10-year-old, opened vinegar
being on antidepressants and trying vaping weed for the first time
Accidentally 'scarred' my husband and child with porn! shitting my pants in front of my boyfriend
being lonely
accidentally showing a my underage dog sitter porn.
deleting files
using the wrong email id
emptying my pockets after work
telling my parents I was going to a sleepover, and then later being walked in on in bed with my girlfriend at home.
flooding a stranger’s car
trying to clean.
posting on reddit a few days too early.
and I bit my tongue.
telling my boss I did something that I didn’t and now I actually can’t do it
telling my wife that I wasn't interested in a gift she thought she secretly got me
assuming my bestfriend is a lesbian.
not realizing my sister was in the background when I was giving a test
Pissing on my moms head
Daydreaming while brushing teeth
creating a username
Today I fucked up by making exaggerated porn vocals
telling my mother I 'relate' to a certain chapter in biology.
hiding my breadsticks
being a creep on a train
GF named my Nintendo profile after an adult website.
being stubborn and trolled hard for it
not checking the backdrop for my zoom call.
beating a world record...
missing my cake day that I’ve been (literally) 5 years for.
accepting a fake 100€ bill at my work
leaving an ear of corn out around my demon kitty
blurting out in class!
waking up my 17 yo son
Flooding my apartment
losing 340$ in tips
telling a staff member to leave another on read on my first week as management
learning Swedish from PewDiePie
eating marshmallows before a BJ
lying about my search history.
flashing my underwear to my girlfriends entire extended family, twice.
not knowing the knobs on my crockpot
coming back home so drunk
accidentally locking up me and my girlfriend in a tiny dark cupboard for two hours
Got in trouble and library and quit
not understanding what my crush/friend was telling me, and acted like a scumbag.
buying some new things for the house.
possibly having to quarantine with my ex
picking my dog up,ending up with his nut on my arm
sending an email to all my colleagues saying I was planning to get “white girl wasted”. Now I’m being accused of sexism and racism.
lending my Spotify account
posting Edgy Jokes
turning off my home alarm
nearly burnt down my best friend’s house
Trying To Look Nice
playing a tiktok prank on my amazing boyfriend and brought back a repressed memory.
looking at a pornographic painting before receiving ketamine therapy
telling a customer i pee in bottles
getting a prong of a fork shoved underneath my thumbnail.
turning on all the lights at 3 am
not handling a pandemic-created school miscommunication well
not doing my poo diligence
By pissing in the men's room
not using my remote to open the gate
dressing up at work for halloween
getting caught using my dads viagra
wandering the streets in my underwear and coat during a snowstorm.
questioning my management
Job opportunity
going to America, driving a Tesla, getting robbed $10k, paying $2k to fix a car window, and losing a passport
accidentally posting a picture of myself nude in the reflection of my cat’s eye.
Male Nudes
searching for brothel
dumping a McDonald’s cup of week old urine all over the floor and myself
vomiting on my boyfriend while blowing him
jerking off
not repairing my window
not checking my outstanding tuition fee balance since July.
My indestructible phone wasn't so indestructible
not having COVID-19
laughing when I shouldn’t of had
causing a shitstorm, making my mom and grandma think I’m gay, and failing a drug test.
tackling the victim of a crime
making a left turn
going to Xperience Fitness and walking into the locker room unprepared
drinking too many caffeinated/sugary drinks
calling my mom old, fat, and worthless
I just lost what I believed to be a six-year friendship with a former female college friend.
sharing a post from reddit
getting mad and almost destroying my work computer
transferring my pokemon.
sending an email from the wrong account.
letting my coworker charge her iPhone
ruining someone else's marriage proposal.
for almost getting fired for not being able to find my glasses
commenting on a customers scent and then vomiting in front of them, TWICE
pooping and vomitting on the floor at a birthday party, then leave.
Today I fucked up by testing a theory.
leaving a drug test
jumping in a pool while my phone was in my pocket
quoting Linda Shelby “keep your man belly full and his ball empty”
telling my adopted brother that mom doesn't love him
joking about suicide to a suicidal kid
pretty cool training on how to make money from home!
I don’t care when your happened. Just tell me the story.
having a pokedex of my booty calls
thinking my own purchase was fraud and cancelling my card
having my uncle drive me far to get a loft bed
playing truth or dare
sending the wrong video to my teacher
making nazi graffiti for years on accident
trying to use hair remover while having ibs
Watched some cursed videos near midnight and now I wanna die.
starving myself for months
when I left the house without my glasses on accident
I accidentally called for a Suicide
asking my wife to dress up as Wario
trying for more
having my vibrator fall out of my suitcase at the airport
latex allergy
Standing up for Myself falling asleep with Instagram open
not tagging my mother in a Facebook meme
going naked to the bathroom
training my girlfriend to cum from just my voice
Thinking I was dyslexic for my whole life.
stealing someone’s parking spot
on my bike (first time posting here)
dropping my phone out the car window while spilling piss all over myself
dropping my new, 1 day old phone
giving a homeless man a home And making him homeless again
making a reddit post
Do NOT try that there.
Having Sex With My Wife With Long Finger Nails
I got doggo infected pissed.
My mom found my dildo
not closing our bedroom door during sex. sending porn to every member of my girlfriend's Italian family
forgetting to mute audio on a work call.
tripping and covering my date with popcorn... on my first date!
getting a vibrator stuck in my asshole
asking a question and almost getting kicked out of college
gagging my cum tissue up and onto my brother's bed
never washing my asshole
I told my ex’s best friend private stuff
reading a reddit post to my cousin
going for the wrong girl
typing my password in front of my boss
masturbating in the bathroom...
leaning a little too much on my chair while playing Call of Duty.
accidentally asking out my friend
messaging someone on Grindr
leaving my parents room open
calling my gfs phone late at night
starting my vasectomy surgery early
having a beautiful night but then falling on my face
not asking the tire shop to give my spare tire back
Exactly How To Capture Creative Photos In Nature
dropping my new phone in a puddle
economizing 1.8 dollars.
Today I fucked up by accidentally telling my classmate who my crush is.
letting my sister steal my phone
misspelling a word in French
connecting my phone with my car which exposed me of watching shemale porn
- Laughing At the Dead
trying to increase my IQ by more than 10 points
killing a group of spiders on that were in my body
BLACK WOMEN TAKES 9 MONTHS TO TAKE A SHIT
slapping my "mates" ass in the middle of a supermarket and accidentally sexually harassing somebody.
trying to scare my coworker .
forgetting my iPhone passcode and deleting everything. Phone requires me to change passcode every 3 months &amp; the reminder came up last night while I was drunk. Woke up this morning, forgot I did that, and entered the wrong code too many times &amp; auto-wiped my phone.
thinking my clit acted like a ballpoint pen.
telling my gf of 3 months that I love her *update*
not understanding the rules of a new job test
I went to foster a dog and it ran away and I can’t find it
by posting myself to do drawings for free when I wanted to charge per drawing
forgetting about the 3/5s compromise
learning Russian instead of German
sending a stopmotion dick to friends
My first post
messing about with my sister while I was on my online class
calling my girlfriend a different name during sex
for thinking I knew spanish
accidentally creating a black market at school
unmuting myself during a work call
letting my friend see a meme
puking in the room of my boyfriends roommate because I drank too much water trying to avoid cystitis
eating pizza sprayed with raid the night before!
I shutdown a school gym and got sent to the ER....because I sat down.
Mixed Up
updating the Reddit app.
showing up in a bralette to my boss's wedding.
opening the door in a towel
I did it.
running while pregnant
chasing my dog while eating my yogurt
accidentally golden showering my soon to be wife
offering to advertise my friend's youtube video through reddit
Today I Fucked Up by leaving my gf for a chimichanga and coming back to find her vomiting.
showed lots of guys in this online course my weiner. Another one I know
being betrayed by my thighs
Making a Dead Dad Joke
not taking the most obvious hint in the world.
for taking advantage of my friend's feelings for me by making him my back-up sex partner when there is no dick available
I was in a uni zoom call and typed a comment on the current happenings which lead to a colourblind confession from my fellow students
Lol wtf omg
ruining and throwing away my fiancee's fancy handbag.
putting a passive aggressive note on a car
Case study: time between post and incident
when mom walked in (years ago)
not checking if an email was CC'd to people

failing to upload my full exam (accidentally submitted only 1 problem) online. A near 0% on this midterm will almost guarantee that I must drop out of college at the worst and retake this class a third time at the best. calling my child tiny satan in front of his incredibly Christian great-grandparents.
attempting a Cthulhu summoning party at work and getting fired.
accidentally sending pictures of myself to my dad......help me
having an ear cleaning addiction and had to go to an urgent care clinic, which led to my girlfriend possibly leaving me
letting out a teargas fart
saying “Christ” in front of my grandmother
a bet a fantasy
Letting My Toddler Have Chocolate
having a threesome with my gf
bringing up some uncomfortable memories for my dad
accidentally waiting at a COVID testing site
puking in friend's father car
a song!
making fun of 9/11 victims
going too hard during sex
flashing a nurse
managing to moan the name of my buddy instead of my girlfriend when getting a blowjob.
advertising for a haunted house.
stashing an unknown persons urn, in my friends trunk, before I moved...5 years ago
ruining up a new pair of $90 leggings
my clearing space on my OneDrive
spoiling GoT for myself.
breaking an antique piece of furniture.
walking out of the bedroom naked, only to be greeted by my best friend's teenage son.
running a life insurance check through the washer.
crashing my car into my house
No
kneeling on a suspect's neck while I tried to subdue him
writing my test
flooding a 7/11 with slurpee slush
winning a competition settled between me and my wife.
accidentally sharing a highly offensive Kobe Bryant meme on my Facebook.
thinking I was late to work.
playing my bro's music at a party to a less-than-welcome reception
wearing a condom during sex
having my interrogation invitation on my instagram story and my family seeing it
when my teacher caught me jerking off to my crush in zoom class
NIGGER
getting poison ivy on my vagina.
repotting me cactus
masturbating with my dog in the room
washing a child’s stuffed toy not knowing it had batteries inside
staying up till 630 when I have finals
Throwing a Magnet, Hitting a Duck Inside the Water - While Others Were Watching.
getting fired and having cops called on me for playing smash or pass at work.
r/ getting yeeted down my staircase to my basment.
staying all night for an important date and then slept last minute and missed the whole thing
handing my sister my phone
not knowing enough history
refilling my vape pod while drunk.
Stealing a package while breaking and entering
poisoning my cat
accidentally uploading a nude on my Snapchat story
forgetting the 'o' in Reddit.com
accidentally jacking off to my aunties homemade porn.
accidentally buying a durian
exposing myself in front of my Precalculus class
failing my very easy re-exam
freaking out prematurely
NSFW:  leaving a condom on the headboard of the bed
getting my jizz all over my poor cat
I cannot tell the difference between Minority Report and Total Recall.
have orgy with my dog and a raw chicken carcass
running out of time to submit my timed essay for my college english class
because I sent a picture to the wrong Whatsapp group
Is it right?? or wrong.
letting my coworker shittalk about his ex to me (spoiler, I’m his ex)
saying the job I was applying for was lifesucking, while roaring in laughter.
mistakenly believing exercise turns you on for nearly thirty years
giving a homeless guy 20 bucks and causing him to get the living shizzt beat out of him, and inciting a mini riot
trying to chew a starburst until it lost flavor.
teaching a kid to swear
Kaiseki dinner nightmare
punching my gf
trying to run away from my sister by hiding in the toilet...
letting a snake free in my house.
in the kitchen
dancing half naked in the fitting room
bringing BDSM into work.
Installing a bidet
offering a friend my guaranteed assistance and a place to stay.
accidentally posting porn on a Happy Birthday message!
letting an earwig crawl into my ear
with sex.
accidentally tripping a kid and getting thanked for it.
sent text to the wrong person. Me 30(m) her 57(f) but I sent to a construction Forman
letting the person I love destroy my feeling🥲
taking out my boyfriend's trash (NSFW)
That time I fucked up at Thanksgiving with the gf
going on a rant against my father (who is separated from my mum, important later) for him shouting at me for throwing something.
calling someone's father "this"
letting a skunk come inside during a party
using moisturizer I’m allergic to
having my reddit username in a tab during screenshare
accidentally responding to this guy I like’s text SEVEN MONTHS LATE!
accidentally racially assaulting a random shopper
not pooping in a bathroom while I had the chance, thus having to unleash into an empty shoe while driving on the highway.
showing my device to an instructor
making tea for thanksgiving dinner and ruining the entire dinner.
I commented something which was funny to me but offended the artist.
getting my cat addicted to ear wax
using the bathroom in a pub I don't know the layout
actually this weekend ifu
accidentally threatening to cut my girl up
telling my in laws that my husband was really stiff in the morning.
sleeping to much
pulling a gun on a federal officer
trying to finish my bachelor.
not beating up as an initiation and getting bullied as result
stealing my sisters thunder about her engagement announcement.
trusting my cousin with my secrets
sarcastically joking about the Covid vaccine.
feeding my dog.
trying not to be early
not thinking before I popped a marijuana edible
searching for memes
People check your spam regularly
farting in bed (not a shart)
organizing a climate sit in and getting myself blacklisted
accidentally streaming Elsa hentai at my niece’s birthday party
thinking I was alone while E-fucking TW NECROPHILIA
combining Chick Fil A, Pillsbury, and Martinellis Apple Cider
almost drowning in my hospital bed
giving a lactose and gluten intolerant person a breakfast full of the stuff.
ordering Doritos at Taco Bell
touching my eye
"Summoning Demons"
TUFU by pissing myself at my brother's wedding
Tried to become a martial artist, Got a broken foot and no training for 2 weeks instead
Possible lawsuit after I antagonized white supremacist
not proofreading every word of my résumé
blacking out on cheap wine
farting while wearing an N95 mask.
not talking to the girl of my dreams.
throwing "trash" on a camp fire
uploading videos of my bare ass farting online
: Read My Username
taking my conservative mother and brother paddle boarding by a nude beach.
EATING TOO MUCH DRIED FRUIT
inhaling a mushroom
cutting off a funeral procession.
trying to watch Hulu with my mom
taking a child from an escape room.
making my art class smell like death
blasting music through a speaker
letting my phone automatically connect to my mom's car bluetooth speakers
Cum check me out 💦
unknowingly sending a dickpic to a girl I am going to date. I am mortified.
Never trust a quiet toddler
drinking during Covid
giving the maintenance men booze and having sex with one while the other watched
telling my brother he is adopted
Getting jealous of crush. How to convince her that I truly love someone?
killing my beloved cat
putting my phone in my pocket to hold a doughnut
locking my keys inside my car
locking myself out of my hotel room naked
not getting out of bed to switch a light off
ruining Christmas
Barbecued paper towel for dinner
buying the wrong kind of Ramen
getting a blow job in the car
not grabbing the dog like I was told
hitting my girlfriend with a rear naked chokehold
getting my hair cut and looking like Professor Severus Snape
for “taking a leak” on my friends house
trying to make breakfast while sleep deprived and nude
almost tearing off my GF's sugar walls
awkward cashier conversation
having my father walk in on me sucking my boyfriend off - in my parent's living room.
slitting my nipple while showering.
Sending my girlfriend an explicit sticker
Coworker took too much LSD, ended up in the looney bin, has believed he's an orange for the past 10 years. Today is his aniversary.
watching vampire porn with my MIL
accidentally slipping a giant horse cock dildo in my ass
sending a dick pic to everyone in my husbands very conservative family.
mistaking my elderly neighbour for the pizza delivery guy
upgrading my laptop
letting my bunny get away
accidentally deleting months of work.
calling my property manager right next to my boyfriend
drinking for the first time
assuming a surprise party was for me
dropping my FULL cup of urine at the testing facility
being the alpha dog, when I tried not to be
accidentally joining a group with only girls for Year 8 Camp as a guy
getting myself knocked up
accidentally offending my carer
being too into Final Fantasy Lore
using gaming chat etiquette while needing work Zoom etiquette
breaking my teacher's laptop charger.
cutting onions
not knowing who Paul George was
forgetting to tell my mom I was going to take a shower
angrily coming out to my parents.
not using the /s sign and was banned from TwoXChromosomes
Please help me bcuz i f ed up
TOFU by forgetting to delete the quizlet link (attached in my word document) I used to help me fill in a couple questions in my exam paper.
calling my friend's deceased father 'ugly'
wife booked vacation for the wrong dates
Today i fucked op or rather yesterday!
yesterday) by getting my hand stuck down my pants in a supermarket
spooking my brother
making dark joke in front of principal
playing with face filters
“saving a few bucks” buying returned paint
drinking out of a dirty water bottle for 2 months.
dumping chemicals into the ocean and making Uncle Sam do paperwork
telling kids off for destroying a BBQ
making myself sound like a creepy asshole to a really nice girl
paying the clerk and not pumping the gas. It gets deeper tho.
jacking off then not being able to come.
preheating the oven.
choosing my videogame over a family dinner
ending my sobriety
By thinking double tap worked
taking grandma to get sushi.
having sex with my wife a couple months after my daughter was born
making my roommate think part of the house was on fire
checking in on my "friends"
accidentally going into work late on the worst possible day.
messing up a crime scene
flirting with my trans friend.
shitting in the shower
helping my cat kill a moth saying "fuck me" to my crush
not getting hard
accidentally punching my brother
accidentally turning a soda can into a firework
inviting my Christian, conservative father to visit my aggressively weed-themed Animal Crossing island
I (niavely) inadvertently paid for a stripped to do nothing but chat
having sex with a rapist.
not putting sunscreen on my legs.
getting a compliant driver's license.
cause I get EXTREMELY nervous around women
I used to catfish
Wormageddon UPDATE
not waking up from a weird dream and nearly getting an heart attack when I did
being a Frank Ocean fan
trying to jack off with my door open
sending the wrong video file of me showing a paper saying furry porn in it than my actual video project
accidentally becoming a cannibal
also having a goddamn cat
using a blender while zoned out
seeming accidentally like a racist.. (Spoiler: I'm not)
attending my HighSchool multicultural performance
eating spicy curry and then jerking off
saving my wife's life.
Office - Unattended Phone - Alarm
accidentally deleting my own original post with loads of upvotes and awards
when I had a "music lesson "
going to a birthday party
Accidentally posted over 200 pictures on Google maps
from IcyHot
telling my husband I was molested.
Trying to Distract Myself While Nauseous, and Vomiting To Two Gay Dudes Eating Cadbury Eggs
changing my Xbox live account name to “Ben Dover”
wearing a saree to an Indian wedding as a white woman
My cat thought the Christmas tree was walking. leaving my job offer from another company at the printer
pranking and getting myself high accidentally
sex sex sex incest
I fucked up real bad :/
leaving my airpods on my laptop
I (M26) drunkenly felt up my boyfriends best friend
missing every cue my crush gave me.
giving my dog my c*m sock.
destroying an air conditioner and thinking I caused my cat to die
accidentally unplugging my fridge right before leaving for a three week trip to Brazil
going with international online dating.
Eating Cereal Bars With A Loose Tooth
for jumping backwards into the pool.
seeing an escort who is now my new boss at work
My friends heard me beating my meat on xbox...
because I trusted a "friend" and got scammed
posting my pandemic art to facebook
trying to clean my drug test cup
I should’ve read his post more closely.
being completely and utterly uninspired.
sympathizing with a Nazi
evacuating a Disney swimming pool and upsetting many people
listening to my hunger rather than my better judgment and ignoring the signs of incompetence at the restaurant
eating too many mini Reese's
saving my work
swallowing a large fingernail
I saw something hidden from myself unintentionally.
living through the New Year
inadvertently leaving my deepfreeze without power
realizing I've been drinking out of the same glass as my cat for almost 2 months.
wearing wool socks and picking up my cat
trying to have kinky sex...
pissing my pants
getting banned (mentions of sensitive topics)
finding my coworker and good friends Nsfw pictures
getting jiggy with it over call of duty
I fucked up by saying “i love you” on the 3rd date after the 1st kiss. Albeit it wasnt meant serious and was delivered playfully. 2 months no contact. Should i text her and clarify i was just trying to be cute and romantic and didnt intend to be pushing for a relationship?
letting someone shoplift
watching porn and not taking notice to the Bluetooth connection.
trying to initiate sex with my girlfriend's sister, thinking it was my grilfriend
I broke our bedroom door
resseting my router
letting my friend go on my phone
eating my family's Easter eggs
rejecting very obvious advances from my crush
using my butt plug wrong for months
My girlfriend wouldn’t have sex with me so I made her watch me masturbate
Well, I've dug myself into a hole here.
sneaking out.
almost choking in the shower
showing everyone at work how sweaty I was.
leaving my sex toy unguarded
inhaling a pepperami
making hot chocolate with almond milk instead of dairy
being tired and falling down the stairs with my baby
getting mad at my boyfriend because he’s better than me in every single video game
finding out my parents hobby the hard way.
having a huge cumshot in my pants after 2 months of holding.
flashing my lacy purple panties across campus...
calling my girlfriend small
taking Melatonin instead of my allergy pill.
going back to work on Monday and getting a bj on Wednesday.
telling my friend’s fiancée that he cheated on her.
sending a text to the wrong group
sending a butt video to the very very wrong person.
Today I fucked in a small but immeasurably embarrassing way
up my nut by crossing my legs wrong.
pissing all over my house
saying "Ok, boomer" to my mother one too many times.
sharing my screen through Zoom to an undergraduate freshman university class, forgetting I had explicit, sexy photos up.....that they all saw.
Caught my GF Cheating At Skyrim
not saving a previous
accidentally insulting my friend's dead boyfriend
accidentally calling my older sister mom.
By "dropping the kids off" at the in-laws house...
The Roller Coaster Felt a Little Too Good
(almost) spending $80 accidentally on a cam site
Doing Shrooms with an Ex-Lover at Zion National Park
autocorrected message to my boss
By being an asshole driver
showing my friend an oversized nightgown on Snapchat.
inviting my friend's girlfriend to my hotel room.
sitting on the toilet
tackling my girlfriend
when I saw that couch broke and I’m like I can fix that, 30 minutes before dinner.
not telling my friend's mother that the big size pizza is super big
Human Flight
not clipping my fingernails
GoodReads stalking my hot co-Worker and his brother on my work computer
was playing basketball and may have scared my face
Losing track of time and not knowing how to read
asking about suicide methods in family whatsApp group.
getting drunk and attempting a suicide attempt
playing a Japanese children's game with my kid.
sending the wrong text message
getting my mom fired.
giving my PIL an inappropriate gift
crashing my entire laptop because of Chrome
accidentally interrupting the teacher in zoom class
confronting my brother about qanon
leaving my room window open and nearly costing my 2 year old brother his life
eating 711’s Ghost Pepper Jumbo Peanuts on an empty stomach
picking up a 12 year old runaway
staying up too late.
calling my nephew a homo
Jerking Off with an open window.
accidentally cumming on my cat
thinking I had period cramps
because I wanted to game
calling my husband the “sperminator”
putting motor oil in my windshield wiper fluid tank.
Realization
ranting about a co-worker to another co-worker
High-fived my gf after making her climax for the first time
calling a wrong number, going to the wrong address and handing them Potatoes
Watching the 13th year...
eating a pot brownie minutes before going to my mom's house.
angering my sister with a penchant for pranks.
searching "Sexy ASMR" on Spotify and going down the rabbithole.
sending my college teachers a screenshot of my work with incest hentai in the sidebar
not priming my coil
letting a girl scratch my back during sex
seriously damaging my friendship with my best friend
NSFW  telling my wife she’d be great in porn for blind people
sending my sister a NSFW video
forgetting my dogs name
Today I fucked up by telling my MIL her mother was fine when she was in fact dead.
accidentally sending my lesbian best friend a dick pic.
shitting on my brother's good nature and retroactively ruining Christmas
destroying the earth
leaving the U.S Federal Government a very angry voicemail
using a target bathroom
Story 1 of 2: Funny High School Anecdote to cheer you up
snacking on Flamin' Hot Cheetos before two final exams
trusting a fart on a road trip in a brand new pair of underwear
leaving *my* collar out while having family over
accidentally shooting a load into my girlfriends mouth...
petting a billy goat before work
letting my mom take a pic of me in the maternity triage
(almost) spending $80 on a cam site
making a joke to my girlfriend
ordering clothes to my ex-girlfriend's deceased mother
clogging the toilet
Taking Adderall
trying to introduce my roommate to her step-aunt.
trusting my base umpire to keep the call
waiting until I had more money to get car repairs.
inviting my Tinder date on an adventure to an abandoned cement factory.
not noticing it was my cake day yesterday :(
sending someone the wrong snapchat
not closing the door and i thought no one in home.
I post a offensive meme on my main account on Instagram
accidentally cuffing myself
stealing my step dads money for his medication
dropped phone in a swimming pool... again.
dirty talking and calling myself a bitch, again.
telling my parents I’m planning to get tattoos when I’m out of uni
thinking reddit would have an accurate calendar.
driving through a rural Texas animal apocalypse.
Having a shampoo bottle leave a permanent scar on my stomach.
giving directions to a blind kid by pointing
laminating my Covid Vaccine card
thinking I could have a moment of privacy
skating with a leg injury...
using a towel
insulting my girlfriend for trying at life
Potty Mouth Mama
Making Assumptions
getting the police called on my on boyfriend for being a child predator
masturbating in a 90°C sauna (NSFW)
tickling a friend while in vacation
naming my variables inappropriately as a programmer: CUMANAL
What if the extinction of the dinosaurs was actually caused by a T-Rex Gender Reveal Party?
Accidentally came out to my homophobic and religious mom as bisexual ✨
teaching my 2 years old cousin to grab his dummy with his teeth.
pranking about 2 million people
The home page of google analytics shows number of users and not page views
collecting the shit out of an old lady's trolley at the till in Lidl
when my infected boil exploded in my doctor's face
thinking a Freshman girl was a Sophomore
convincing my mom to vote.
trying to donate blood while being extremely phobic to needles
not picking up on a girl's hint
stabbing my eye with a screwdriver
drunkenly telling my ex I ate her friends pussy.
telling my boss I was DTF
thinking that this subreddit was based on the streamer Tfue lol.
putting my finger in my girlfriends ass
snorting a some powder
forgetting butter on the radiator
dumping wax all over my teacher’s computer.
telling a suicidal friend that she’s worth shit to me.
I’m a pizza delivery driver and just locked my key in my car
Just returned from vacation and realized that I left all of my weed at the rental home
using a UV light to find where my new puppy piddled... and learning some stuff about the previous owners of the house.
announcing in front of everyone that my brother's boyfriend has a small dick
Giving my GF an Orgasm
Some weird user followed me in reddit and I was confused on why so I was going to tell em to unfollow me because of the stupid trash I pull out I wondered why they put the green emoji so I clicked the link and I read the address and it looked like a virus link
letting myself get too angry during a free class
accident sending a sexual message to my dad
accidentally deflating my family’s tubes for years
not giving my pet rabbit a treat
Teachers might figure out it was me who smoked in the school bathroom :/
losing my steam account to the oldest trick in the book
putting too much ghost pepper sauce in my pasta
Microwaving Cookies At Work.
saying my aunt hasn't aged well
sexting my company
getting Jalapeño juice on my ass n ballz
getting sad drunk and puking in the band bus
accidentally drinking my girlfriend’s blood.
losing money for trying to help someone and wasn’t even able to help the person.
Midnight Pain
being a typical leftist stereotype
Got my email blocked for having teenager nudes.
crying in a video chat with my sister
cheating in an online university examination
dropping my air conditioner out of my second story window.
I forgot to email my professor
taking a vacation
using the mobile Zoom app and thinking I was muted when I wasn’t.
Today I fucked up by showing off to my girlfriend.
doing sexy sex on my zoom call
“forgetting” how to spell
calling the police instead of my mother
revealing my age
making a joke at school
cutting my hand open
penguin diving into a lake
using “all purpose cleaning wipes” as toilet wipes
getting super high and forgetting I had work?
Going to to a nude beach for the first time
sleeping in my own bed while sick
watching the last episode of the season 2 of Tokyo Ghoul instead of the first one.
staying up all night.
so the exam is tomorrow morning not in January..
proving I was right in a funny way and missing out on a possible date.
I broke a replacement in 16 hours.
Today I fucked up by taking a leak.
fist bumping a customer when he was just paying using his PayPass ring
I told my manager I have adderall in my system before walking into a drug test
when my best friends started dating and I ended up fighting with them
By farting in my bathroom closet
sending nudes to a bot...
I asked my sister for a kiss in front of her boyfriend without clarifying the chocolate.
scrolling through Reddit during a work meeting.
not realising my earbuds disconnected
going to schoolwith a Christmas Cookie
This happened in the 90s and I'm still sad about it
using mouthwash
gargling with salt water
The bathroom is full of pee. and im stuck in the cieling also im not good at spelling
and made the cardinal mistake...
using my sleeping boyfriend‘s butt as pillow
getting drunk on a business trip and losing my rental car
forgetting about periods, but thunder thighs saved me
stinking up the whole school accidentally moaning Ben Shapiro’s name during sex
showing my dad my porn.
losing my virginity.
making out with my best friend
wearing my pajamas during class,
misgendering my soon-to-be-boss.
doing the Sexy Sex™ in the not Sexy Sex™ place
driving my cousin to his girlfriends house at 3am
releasing a storm upon my bathroom tiles
I gave myself covid symptoms
and lost all my Bitcoins
stopping a 'friend' in the middle of the road.
Ruined a friendship
giving someone an allergic reaction.
trying to jump over a tram track and getting a concussion
not doing my Final
getting a new phone!
blowing up my families microwave with an egg
giving my old sports car to my stepson (16), instead of my actual son (20) who wanted it since he was a child.
telling my dad he was a motherfucker as a joke
sending a tweet to my husband’s publicly traded company
giving my cat a nickname
swinging a purse around
(This isn’t a but it NEEDS to be shared)
not wearing my contact lenses
laughing at my girlfriend’s dog for licking my pepper fingers.
cutting jalapeños and then rubbing one out
working out yesterday
Those little tazer things are real
accidentally offending my crush during our 1st date
calling 911 when i thought i was choking
submitting my exam before it was administered
Marketing digital completo 2020, 3; curso mais vendido do mundo.
having sex with my best friends ex of over a year and getting accused of rape.
shitting my pants at my friends house
calling my black friend a slave
nearly suffocating and coughing up blood
misunderstanding what my Australian teacher meant by "Thongs" and going on a rant about how we couldn't check "thong-usage"
Made a mess of the apartment shared Laundry room
not understanding the difference between CURLING and CURLING
getting directions from Siri
testing my Christmas gift to myself
thinking the Top Broadcast was just an endless stream of RPANs
choking on my own saliva and making people think I was sick.
flashing my professor my homemade porn and barely passing my exam
saying "at least I'm alive" at a funeral
when helping with a computer build.
parents getting getting denied from buying alcohol
waving at my brothers boss.
trying to keep my patient in his bed
Putting my Age Online and Now I'm Being Sold Into Sex Trafficking
becoming a friends best frenemy
pissing on my cat while sleepwalking/drunk
doing something entirely mundane and believing it’s an absolutely wild experience in which I felt the need to post it on a dedicated subreddit
accidentally insulting my friend's little sister in a game.
writing a love letter to the teacher I hated
accidentally convincing my brother to eat batteries
That’s what they call me.
15 minutes ago I dropped my newish AirPods in a used toilet
working
not washing my hands thoroughly before scratching my nose.
almost drowning because i held my breath for too long under water.
saying “why”.
not swallowing and taking my Husband's penis out while he was nearing to an ejaculation, in blowjob, resulting to him to ejaculating to my face, mostly to my eye which got it red and it's now irritating.
not remembering Mother’s Day.
TFIU by coming out to my Teachers
having a weak bladder
I ate my moms vibrator
meta] There should be a stickied comment/poll on every post asking users to upvote/downvote based on whether they think it’s true or a story. If it gets enough downvotes it should be flagged for the mods.
Going to the Doctor for Hip Pain
conditioning my dog to not eat alone
spilling a layer of bleach on my bathroom floor
using the tingling tanning sample
spray painting a school
watching too much British tv
cutting deployed airbags out of my car so my mom wouldnt find out I got into an accident.
going to a strip club and staying out all night for the first time with my first day at 6am
taking Ketamine at work and getting potentially fired
using the same disposable razor for three years
being too horny and now I probably have coronavirus
trying to get a photo of the NEOWISE comet with my wife
almost getting suspended for hand sanitizer
playing with my dog with my mic on in online class
walking into the living room
joking about cottage cheese
posting my cat’s picture on a reddit thread
giving my number to the Person who hit me with his car
wearing a blue shirt into Kroger
deciding to save the planet
answering a FaceTime call while doing laundry.
Saying Stuff I Wished I Could Take Back
asking my partner to run me a bath
not closing my tailgate before driving to work
I’m not going to put it in your mouth”
not following up on my 5 yr old
not reading a book my best friend gifted me
fresh babies
YOLOing into AMC stocks and being in a huge debt
eating tobacco filters
where I dealt with a smelly partner.
when I sent a naked pic to my family
The heirloom teapot and the antique rug
getting banned on
contaminating myself with hookworms and roundworms (parasites) not checking my Bluetooth connectivity
getting caught masturbating in my mother's bathroom, but have no idea by whom!
inviting a semi-random guy to my house for me to cook him dinner instead of my friend
not paying tolls over 10 hours of driving.
not reading a text properly and accidentally giving my bank details to scammers
grabbing the wrong towel at the gym
saying “see anything cool?!” at a crime scene
showing the cleaner my hairy ass and also got blue balled
using numbing lotion to masterbate
shaving my face with the razor for my groin.
Flexing My Living Dog on My Teachers Dead Dog
having all jell break loose in the bathtub
angering a family on open evening
forgetting about my bowels.
mocking a man's speech impediment
keeping a vile of my own blood and a little kid found it!
canceling my lost debit card
attempting to fight two large, black German shepherds and losing
having a will to live
Today i fucked up by being a smart ass to my teacher.
lying and then retaking a quiz
I've invited my father by a mistake to a discord server full of porn
having my partner attempt to pee in a bottle on a long drive and hitting a rough road
asking someone to hug their cat
shoving a hose up my ass
Foreclosure and when it will say sold on the internet
running the car with the garage closed
nearly dying after sex.
trying to avoid my CEO while leaving work
buying this game! embarrassing myself in two subreddits at once.
sending a rude email to one of my unversity professors sending a rude email to one of my unversity professors
trying to find my contact lenses
giving a blind dude a high five and almost getting kidnapped?
having a furry-porn manga in my book-shelf - which my boyfriend found
Making My Mother Think Her Stalker Is Back.
telling my RELIGIOUS teacher to fuck of and suck a dick in class
smashing my TV
posting the comment on r/askreddit and getting permanently band
farting during sex
trying to take my Dad’s temperature while he was asleep
thinking that fart is only a fart
My brother literally just found my nut-sock
faceplanting on my skateboard going downhill at over 20mph, breaking my shoulder, and then doing acid about it
not raking leaves
Didn't get Drunk, Didn't get Laid, but gave the Dukes of Hazzard a Run for their Money.
getting caught with ILLEGAL FIREWORKS
Buy Facebook Page Reviews - 100% Real Active reviews
i'm stupid
I finally trusted a fart at work 😔
busting a nut in the laundry room
summoning bloody Mary
going out when my girl told me to stay in and getting dumped
thinking husband and I could have some alone time.
not taking my phone to the bathroom with me
using non-verbal communication and... injuring... myself
taking Doculax before a road trip.
failing a english paper by missing a entire writing section
guessing my anniversary gift
drinking too much coffee shitpoat
helping a friend get rid of a fish.
Sex
hiding in a strangers bathroom
trapping myself in a sadistic torture chamber (diagram inside)
Feeding My GFs Dog My Cum
underestimating how fragile my mucous membranes are
sending my aunt hatemail
giving a guy the wrong impression and received a dick pic
getting high before my zoom class meeting, then spraying coffee all over my new laptop.
asking if a customer had a good shit
thinking outside of the box
Giving My Boyfriend’s Dad A Sneak Peek
shaving my asshole
finding out my wife's Vagina is allergic to shellfish
I made a random woman read my phone and, in a panic, swallowed mouth wash
possibly flashing my weirdest porn to my mother.
trying to swim with dolphins
leaving my Amazon account open
Masturbated with head and shoulders instead of lube
thinking that today is yesterday and missing an important meeting for my daughter.
ruining a winning scratch and win ticket
putting a lighter in a distillery shack
almost killing someone in a coffee shop
making up a new word
proposing my crush's mother instead of my crush.
making my wife think I’d killed myself
When I didn't realize someone donated $100 to my twitch stream
washing my sheets
placing my phone on my lap
insulting a new Mother in the Postnatal Ward
waking up my roommate at 2am
Taking a tumble at the gym
Once again, Word worked against us, regular peoples.
going to class at the wrong time
not knowing how to start my new car.
air tank
ordering a bong on my moms amazon account
when I almost had sex with my sister
eating the wrong edible
eating beard hair
asking a homeless dude where my cut was
getting my great aunts dog killed
applying the wrong flea medication to the wrong animal
TMI warning!) but scratching my buttcrack too hard
browsing through Reddit at 2 AM
butt dialing my mil TWICE during a quickie with my hubby
Today I fucked up by leaving my bicycle outside while withdrawing money from the bank.
social interaction
not "doing it" with myself for too long
not wearing my retainer
ripping of the toilet paper holder off of my wall during a masturbation session
Sending My Nudes to Walmart
getting a second dog
texting the group chat instead of one person
accidentally telling my friend I'm very depressed
leaving the work early
getting my ear pierced.
letting my brother take my phone in the middle of a very... questionable Discord roleplay
talking to my family
taking expired medicine and getting sick.
making my wife feel unsafe in our own home.
placing my hand on what I thought was my gf leg but it was actually her little brothers
going to make coffee and not reading my emails
trying to kill myself but being too clumsy to do it
getting the new Uber driver in jail from my illegal weed delivery
getting a facial from my vanilla Up n Go
Gay 90s spray tan disaster
Training My Dog
forgetting my house keys in my truck
intentionally kicking a hurdle down at a track meet and making my coach mad
hitting my battalion commander in his commando region.
tweeting an unpopular opinion about a controversial silent movie.
Who’s got the song?
nearly chocked a friend with asthma
sending a happy birthday message to "daddy" instead of my dad.
accidently getting high at work from CBD capsules
referring a beggar to himself for money
watching Fred 3: Camp Fred while having sex with my wife.
assuming my dog didn't need to poop
wearing a Mankini in Cuba
using my hand as a sponge
hitting my girlfriend in her “P spot” rather than her “G spot”
drinking my mom's expensive Christmas Gift
wearing shorts for medical testing for a job, at a corrections facility...
getting braces when my teeth were perfect as is
not Reading my 100 Pages for School
telling my bf I love his penis because it's not as big as in porn...
forgetting a letter and giving an entirely different connotation to the job I was looking for.
asking my boyfriend to waterboard me
breaking in to a bathroom when I shouldn't have on my trip to Hawaii.
skipping the doctor I am faster
trying to suck my own dick.
because i sent a tiktok video of my daughter to the family’s group text.
shaking my middle ages English teachers hand without her consent.
By not closing
sending nudes to a catfish
masturbating with a makeshift sex toy
juuling in front of uncle rocky
smiling and winking at children
pissing myself in front of a classroom and then confiding in a teacher
buying a gas mask from a dodgy surplus store
I move in with my best friend
forgetting I was sharing my screen during an online class
Me (M 9) screamed "dead body reported" at my aunts funerol
Trued to give my s/o head, made him barf.
eating an egg I found out in the forest.
going full Oprah
getting an erection during a massage... on my anniversary.
having unprotected sex w my ex
getting drunk.
spraying pepper spray in my coworker’s car
not taking Reddit's warning seriously
losing 40 bucks.
making my husband's friends think I was constipated
putting 99% isopropyl in my ear
trusting Apple with replacing my MacBook
connecting to my Bluetooth speaker
Today I fucked up by going skiing
being almost successful at my suicide
I made my teacher cry for her dead husband by trying to comfort a classmate
massaging my very sore forearms.
mixing up narcolepsy and necrophilia
accidentally calling a customer a gansta.
almost ripping off my nipple
getting overconfident at a friends pool
sexting a ‘girl’ on Kik who I came to realise was almost certainly a guy
Pet stores shouldn't let you buy ferrets if your drunk
flashing the UPS delivery man
accidentally smashing a gas station window
didn't lock my room door
because I told mum to not touch everything she sees
realizing I’m still subscribed to this bullshit. telling my date she tastes like fish
having too much Thanksgiving pie
almost killing someone
putting a hole in my parents water butt with a dart
convincing my friend to put a marble up his ass
creating chlorine gas at work.
Telling my crush I liked her
Sugar
answering the door mid-shower
and made my mom think I'm bulimic
forgetting a due date
putting up my Halloween decorations early
leaving the taps on when the water wasn't working
I tried to impress a girl when i was 13 and almost crushing my balls
Letting My Best Friend Know His Gf (whom he was going to propose to) Is Fucking My Cousin
looking for used Skis
blasting a 15 minute review of the new Spicy McNuggets into a quiet campground in a National Park
trying to make light of a work colleague's medical condition
My life as I knew it is over
encouraging my SO to flirt back with someone forgetting that they were my SO
"hiding" my glasses while drunk
forgetting how crappy the bathroom lock is...
I put 420 cleaner into my toilet and flooded the house.
letting my mom cut my hair!!!
squeezing an angry-looking lump on my inner thigh.
telling my cousin something I shouldn’t have.
misplacing my work lanyard
is for not for something you did 10 years ago.
going out with my partner and friends for NYE and having a champagne toast.
calling the cops on my own house.
assuming too much
trigger the Fire alarm in the chemical company which I work for and caused 135000€ costs!
helping my mom clean someone's house.
with an open door
trying to surprise my wife and leading her on to believe i was cheating
Yelling "SIZE DOESN'T MATTER!" in Public (Not ME)
loosing my nephews Christmas gift
shitting myself in a Domino's restroom
sharpening a pencil with a knife
letting ants build a colony in my Keurig. letting ants build a colony in my Keurig.
hurting my girlfriend
telling my massage therapist to not touch my privates ignoring my battery light, causing my car to die with -$123.84 in my account.
nearly burning my workplace down
backing my car into my house..
accidentally saying I hate the class whilst on a teams call
eating Haribo Sugar Free Gummy Bears
accidentally scalding my nads
Today I fucked Up
calling my sister r*tarded
sending a d**k pic to my female best friend for the second time.
listening to music
taking vodka to school
Getting My Car Stolen
getting fast food
yelling “mother fucker” in front of a 6 year old and maybe losing my job.
gettin suspended by twitter
trying to trick my mom and going completely bald.
today i fucked up by smoking a bunch of weed and then bleaching my hair
drinking “flat soda” and accidentally probably poisoning myself.
trying to induce my baby with spicy food.
wishing good luck to my friend.
ruining my guacamole...
accidently flashing my pp in the middle of class.
Realizing I've been missing out on picturing things in my mind my entire life.
opening a manga app and giving the phone to my crush
accidentally flashing my boyfriends brother. making my school shut down
going to the Post Office
almost setting the backyard on fire
Fresh: used Tinder in Arab country
making conversation with a stranger
not getting a flashlight
How is my life not screwed up enough?
I left a tampon in me all weekend
breaking my brand new 4k because of my ps4
falling asleep in my "Friends" bed with them in it
watering plastic succulents
letting everyone think I strangled a sixteen year old girl in a cemetary.
suggestion: What if the name of this sub was simply IFU?
telling co-workers (f) I have a date with my hand for Valentines day
getting caught by gf with the ex
Tough Family Situation. NEED ADVICE...
Going on a Blind Date and Getting drugged
accidentally closing the door on my cat
not listening to my husband and ending up in a wheelchair
missing my flight to see my girlfriend
putting the wrong start date of employment on resume and submitting it to jobs
accidentally watching a beheading video
giving into my pyromania
blinding my friend's left eye
pumping blood into a water tank
having my head on fire
double feature by not asking when and forgetting my mask
Asked my mom about a logo on a car, learned much more about it than I wanted.
Farting on the First Date
smoking weed on the balcony
not looking close enough at my work schedule
ruining my son's first day of school
making 3 teachers think i’m racist
On Friday the 13th
missing a meeting with my manager because I was singing karaoke
getting caught by my dad masturbating and thinking I was gonna be disowned
in a spicy way
watching Fairy Tail
accidentally suggesting a pornstar name for my little brother's username
giving myself some much deserved “tension release”
taking forever to realize I was being catfished
taking a very drunk friend back to my apartment
defacating during a work Zoom call
accidentally letting my moms new cat outside thinking it was our dog.
thinking the quarantine would only last 3 weeks
and asked my Boss to introduce me to his wife
not showering before college class
My sister walked in on me whilst I was doing sexual things on video call to a boy I liked.
underestimating the power of my cough
leaving my dirty undies sitting in my closet for probably almost a year (TW BODILY DISCHARGE)
attempting to be a grammar Nazi at 1AM
le sexy sex secks. Sex sex. AITA?
letting my friend see my notebook
taking a shit on the floor
Implying my Boyfriend is my Pimp on his Bank Statement
The Washington Post says we're exposing ourselves to danger.
Taking Too Much Ecstasy and Deciding to Share the Love with Teachers Who Influenced Me
going out for a late night snack
offering a lady my seat in the bus.
breaking my dog's "toy".
I fucked up by choosing my fear over the guy I loved
having a full on convo with my mom with NSFW reddit open on my lap
doing the usual routine of what we all do when we make up our fake comedy fiction TIFUs and decided to make another one of these fake stories up while working my actual job and my boss was behind me without me knowing.
prank calling a grieving mother pretending to be her son.
unintentionally breaking my Oculus Quest 2
doing something out of character.
forgetting that ...
mistaking the AirBnB landlord for the male stripper at a bachelorette party
joining a club
letting my daughter have a sleepover
getting caught by my mom masturbating
playing with a candle
placing my hand on what I thought was my gf leg..
asking a stupid question to my doctor.
ruining my possibly of hooking up with my sexy neighbor because I had a panic attack
(NSFW) Finished in a cup
while on a Zoom call with the family by relieving that the house I am buying won’t have a guest bedroom for company.
walking into a 19 year old girls room and lookin like a perv
having hot sex with hot woman.
talking shit about my teacher, not realizing he was next to me
one stupid mistake led me to fail a University course
accidentally getting my professor to play Death Metal for 3 hours.
Accidentally texted my new boss instead of husband
shouting at my family
not getting my bosses hint I should apply for my dream job and now I can’t.
accidentally going to get my braces off while OUTER SPACE high
drinken vinegar
throwing out a couple of jackets
not responding to a simp soon enough
losing money that could have got us out of debt
taking my starving friend’s chips.
having to get surgery from masturbating so much
being a Karen
locking myself in my chicken coop and taking a poo
assuming my toddler was talking gibberish
shoplifting jean
telling a vessel it was unable to leave port due to technical issues and then when they phoned to chastise me, I called the Captain a 'Cum Slut' and it's only 2am
using Nair instead of toothpaste
thinking I had anal prolapse
I submerged my already burnt hand in boiling water because I wasn’t paying attention
bringing a guy home while my Turkish mum was sleeping in my bed.
leaving my car keys close to the window
I love the night before a giant snow fall
I (26 F) shot my shot with a veryyyy attractive man (28 M) and I got rejected HARDDD
looking at the label on pizza rolls.
eating a towel.
When I get caught to my all family members when I striping a woman.
eating a sheet of paper
bringing my newborn into the bathroom with me.
eating clam chowder.
using Tiger Balm
talking about my son calling CPS in hearing distance of a stranger.
wiping my arsehole with a Hospital Grade disinfectant wipe
not Ubering home from the bar
using a latex examination gloves instead of the condom
accidentally almost skipping my 5th period
not checking how my assignment looked before submitting it
clicking on a NSFW post on Reddit and getting it stuck on my mom's laptop.
tipping the pizza guy with my tv remote
“I turned the TV off because I panicked”
downloading YouTube on my mom’s phone
screaming into a bath towel in front of my new female friend.
telling a friend to act like a girl in a server, and end up having a guy have feelings for "her"
playing an utterly evil prank on one of my best friends
TIFUpdate : Hitting my pinky and almost passing out in the loo
getting suspended for watching porn on my school google account
crying myself empty before being told bad news.
uploading porn to my school google drive
meeting my crush early..
when administering a Fit Test to a Buxom Employee.
Giving the Wrong Customer a Lost Phone
trying a poop joke with the wrong crowd
trying to be too proactive..
swiping the wrong price on a card payment
letting the same girl sleep over three times after she wet the bed
Today I fucked up by dunking my phone in a puddle and possibly loosing the last photos of my cat
tearing my own anus.
forgetting the name of a book character AGAIN
accidentally insulting my new boss
after trying to mow the lawn again after getting stung by a bee.
for telling my girlfriend I would rather have a waifu than her
Eating a weed lollipop before my flight
ignroring the huge flashing neon sign from my crush
being sent to the principals office
scarring a coworker pretty good.
ruining my wife's greatest video game achievement
Asking My Friend What Her Favourite Song Was
thinking I discovered a human burial site
Today I messed up by breaking a tooth.
putting stuff away
farting on my Doctor
taking sleeping pills for insomnia , adding fibre to my diet and unknowingly farting profusely on my boyfriend for months
wearing thigh high socks
helping a crazy old lady at the laundromat
buy making a funny non offensive joke at a posh party
being impatient and horny
trying out a new wooden paddle in the bedroom.
shitting my pants at church camp before a 3 hour road trip home.
spending my rent on strippers to have a conversation
leaving my dildo on my bed in my super Christian girls dormitory
Fire ball
ending a 6 month old online friendship
going from a concerned parent, to the neighborhood creep almost instantaneously.
drawing a logo
because I late for work, looking for a little boy's ball.
not checking my hot sauce
briefly forgetting forgetting what day and year my mother was born
accidentally pulling out my wallet in front of a transit beggar who got the wrong idea.
posting hentai on my first ever Instagram story on accident and it was seen by hundreds of people. Then my cousin gave me a lecture.
telling my crush I like him and him reacting totally different than I expected
telling my son meat is made of animals
being cheap and got covered in cat pee
making my own sauerkraut and making the air in my apartment complex... Less than pleasant
listing a drum kit for free on craigslist
burning my little cannon
Uti and Masturbation male
staring out my bedroom window
teaching my dog where raspberries come from
having health anxiety
Broke expansive printer
making a tall black guy scream and hit me just by looking at him.
having my balls burning
bringing snacks to a friends BBQ and taking them back home with me.. bullying a girl in school.
buying red pepper jelly to go with my coconut peanutbutter forgetting I only had rye bread to make the sandwich @__@
Using Voice to Text
alt tabbing to the wrong window.
Respect GRU
stripping nude in a cornfield with a guy and caught by my parents who didn’t know this guy
thinking it was a fart and ending up destroying a hotel bathroom
Bolted outside with no shoes and my pants unbuttoned to catch a thief that was myself
doing something I wasn’t prepared for.
trying to deal with a spider... while driving....
adding magic mushrooms to my lasagna dropping a bag of unscheduled pills in the work locker room
introducing the NSFW side of Reddit to my friend
for not reading the rules and now being banned from my favorite subreddit
getting called away from a conversation
not cancelling a auto renewed sponsored post on facebook, and Paypal ha already rejected my appeal, so am out over £300 right before Christmas!
swearing in class while everyone was silent.
trying to go all the way with my girlfriend
letting my mom use my phone
accidentally filling up a condom with pee.
agreeing to come over to an ex-girlfriend's place (who I haven't seen in 9 years), which resulted in me staying for 5 days to help take care of her and her three-year-old daughter while she went on an alcoholic drinking binge
I should have known better!
leaving my headphones on. accidentally cumming in my girlfriends ear
asking a small business owner what she needed prayer for then engaging in her political opinions.
letting my cousin use my discord unattended
shaking hands with a homeless man
not realizing I had my comments set to controversial for the past few days
I didn’t fucked up
subscribing to my step-daughter’s OnlyFans site.
making the worst cup of hot chocolate to disgrace my taste buds as well as myself.
masturbating before eating hot chips.
Falling Asleep While Watching Shameless
moaning while getting impressions
not taking my time to get in my skinny jeans that were in the dryer too long
leaving my adult toy out..... around my Hispanic mother.
responding IDK when my wife asked me what I would like to do for the 1000th time.
sending a picture of a dog shirt.
loterally nearly accidently castrating my Fiancé
mentioning to my mom that I wanted to make some demi glace and pulling an all nighter.
ruining a friendship
letting my grades drop and lying about it
accidentally violating the reddit content policy.
sending my mother a box with my sex toys in it
having so much sex
probably breaking my friend's fingers for the rest of his life
Took a shit, didn't flush, then masturbated, got caught
Today I fucked up fainting on a first date
telling my kids why the toy train annoyed me so much
almost blinding my girlfriend
making an omelette at 6 AM
being sexual with my cousin
confirming my COVID-19 suspicions
mixing up a single word and seeming like a huge douche
warning someone about MLM
when I assaulted several people who provoked me
losing a chance to talk to my crush
trying to find out the scientific term for the fear of holes
cleaning the computer mouse in my bosses bosses room..
dyeing my hair black...
accidentally dating a minor having the worst poo of shame!
grabbing a mask that my mom had dyed and washed yesterday.
throwing water on a yankee candle
naming my cat Hitler
Work outside and happy attack from puddle into.
LPT: in 1 hour, explosive diarrhea, crush almost fainting and car malfunction.
sent nudes and got scammed
letting my grandma using my phone
throwing up all over my boyfriend
Picture perfect
not pulling out
biting any ivy vine.
forgetting my dad's birthday
setting off a help alarm in a disabled toilet
casually asking my teacher to steal thousands of dollars
listening to death metal in front of my super religious mother
masturbating too soon after period
NEIGHBOURS KILLED MY PUPPIES I KIDNAP THEIR CAT
JOIN MILLIONAIRE FAMILY TODAY!!
watching porn in front of my father.
for accusing my friend of stealing my meth
sent a wrong email at work
giving myself a concussion in the middle of an exam
telling my dad about his surprise
except it was over the course of 2019-20) my breaking and losing all my technology and making myself look stupid
TIFUpdate when dad caught me masturbating and punished me harshly
I’m probably in the dog house.
not turning down food at my Russian friend's house.
eating hot wings and anal
trying to positively reinforce my cat
gifting the boy next door a Forever21 gift card
asking Siri for directions
grabbing my BIL ass during an entire night.
trying to relive my childhood and effectively giving myself a concussion
losing my best friend because of a girl
getting a little too horny
reusing a loose leaf teabag
deleting my reddit account
replying to an ex
leaving mine and my husbands sex toy out
making customer cry.
thinking I felt better.
failing my Girlfriend
drinking Coke and scrolling reddit at the same time.
eating a hot dog
forgetting I had a car
vomiting, peeing and then getting my period during sex.
STALKER GIRL BREAKS INTO MY HOUSE AND GETS INTO MY BED
sending the wrong email attachment
accidentally giving my partner an existential crisis
changing my location in my OkCupid profile and pretending to be in England.
missing class.
sleeping naked
making my ex think I was trans
telling my friend its okay if i gave him a consolation hug, since he got disinfected when his house burnt down spilling my menstrual cup all over myself NSFW(?)
saying the wrong thing picking up take-out.
telling my boyfriend a guy at work was bothering me.
leaving my browser open while I left my office
going on a tramway in Japan and getting sexually-harassed
telling a girl that I just started dating that I loved her
Having Sex With A Tinder Girl Unprotected
secretly trying to get a better looking prom date and getting caught by my original prom date
drinking too much and drunk texting a good friend to the point of no return
accidentally going on on my school laptop
ejaculating for the first time in my life at a friend's house
texting my manager instead of my friend.
accidentally making it look like I made a bomb
my own swearing in as an attorney
waking up to my girlfriend asking why the bed was wet
leaving an open can of tahini on the side of my counter.
me and my family almost died
I'm bad with names, happened some time ago
giving my mobile to my fiancee and she saw my naked pictures
being racist.
dying my hair before my elope
Tried an edible, I think I’m going to lose my job that I love
not eating beef for 6 months
drinking a whole jar of crap potion
when discord didnt actually turn off or close.
fortnite
potentially scarring a man for life
throwing a knife in my own leg
LPT:  giving my cat a nickname
shitting in my boyfriend’s bathtub
buying jeggings and dropping my phone in the toilet at work
Attached cat meme to big school project
answering "what" when someone asked me if I smoked.
accidentally making gruel
crawling into bed and big spooning my BFs grandfather.
showing my little brother peppq pig
Let’s Get Money
bricking my Cousin's iPad.
not watching where I put my hand
jumping into a door frame and bleeding all through my hair
farting in the bathtub.
trying Hot Ones hot sauce
as a Father
saying I want to try smoking weed to my mother.
Loophack
confusing my muscle memories.
spreading bacteria to our food
comforting myself
from a misclick.
while joking with my gf
giving myself a lashing
having unknown food in another continent
not checking the name on my package
using crappy hair clippers
By not turning off my location services while I was being a hoe.
leaving food in my room
not checking the phone charging cable
destroying my laptop because of a pigeon
calling my cousin's Scottish husband an "exotic animal".
accidentally displaying my fetish porn for all to see
spilling super glue on the table
ignoring basic physics and common sense, resulting in hundreds of glass shards exploding across my kitchen
giving my poodle a money shot.
not picking up an obvious hint
asking my neighbor if she had fun at a funeral
blinding myself with eye cream
laughing at my 17 yo coworker saying she was diagnosed with cancer.I Fucked up by embarrassing myself at a shop
calling my wife and a bunch of her friends unattractive and old.
accidentally showing my friend my tits on FaceTime
Tt
almost getting killed by a buffalo.
Apparently colonialism is genetic
flossing my teeth
spilling three and a half pounds of flour on my friends floor
hitting on a potential fuckbuddy after refusing him in the first place
pouring milk into the full cookie jar
sucking my own penis and cumming inside my mouth
copying a friends work
answering badly to a girl in my class
trying to save money and ended up that it would been cheaper not to
reading about a girl who stuck a voting sticker on her breasts NSFW
looking through my sister's phone
horribly farting in front of my Mom leading to a slap on my dick.
pissing all over my pants and underwear while sitting on the toilet at work (NSFW)
I was offended by her compliment of me, may have killed the best relationship of my life due to my insecurity.
burning my chest.
trying cutting wood, then on accident skin and flesh
Second time the fuck
Insulting a Customer
FREE STEAM KEYS !!!
being too horny and ruining a friendship
not wearing a bra to the supermarket.
eyebrows take longer to grow back than you’d think....
Today I fucked up at work
texting a Stranger about a trip together
trying to hook up a deaf chick on tinder
not paying my uni bills in 10 months
sending my grandpa a photo of a condom
losing a young hot match on OKCupid
walking in on my sister in law breastfeeding
It finally happened. I downloaded TikTok...
forgetting 4 things
watching Deadpool 2 in my parents house
accidentally texting an ex-friend about my troubles eating a taco
getting a divorce from my wife and damaging a water pipe while playing CSGO
when I didn't beat my wife after she won a football video game against me
TIFUPDATE bought a cheap bicycle and rode it down a big hill, broke my arm
getting intimate with my boyfriend when I had an off stomach.
watching Orange is the New Black
I got my boss for Secret Santa.
Asking My Bank For A $200,000 Loan
ruining my own Valentine’s Day surprise
talking to a married man
discovering my dad's porn history
bringing bad luck for 2020 Christmas edition
my dumb curiousity of pepsi
writing something down
whacking off during a work meeting and everyone heard as I finished.
drinking too much water
dropping a wood plate in the oven
taking a midterm the night after making pork chops
using alcohol wipes
destroying my back and my phone
declining cheese on my ham sandwich, leading to an eight car pile-up, the divorce of my grandparents, and my right nipple being burned off with a hot iron peeling my dick like a snake
I lost friends because I decided to make a horrible joke.
helping my friend with her new bed
getting a gun pointed at me in the pursuit of getting laid.
leaving a cup of acetone on my counter
getting a whole hand up my pussy
I gave away my neighbor’s A/C units
accidentally loosing the suicide wank.
telling my girlfriend's 9 yr old daughter that Santa isn't real
Today I fed up by telling my girlfriend how big my dick was
accidently sexually assaulting someone
kicking a dog toy...
not accepting my son as gay.
spanking a random female classmate thinking its my friend
texting a prostitute and getting a death threat from the "cartel"
my mother leaving her phone and keys in the car
accidentally ringing an 8 year old girl instead of my ex
sucking my own d*ck and pulling my back
masturbating ferociously in the shower
almost suffocating my boyfriend
thinking I had dry skin for four months...
playing monopoly with my boyfriends family
going to the hospital to get my contact lens removed
Just spent 4 hours making this background but im too much of a dipshit to increment saves. Saved the .psd as the merged layer version. now this is 100% un-fucking-recoverable. I fucking hate myself.
Walking Into The Opposite Gender Washroom
finding a condom at school and embarassing my friend, then thinking I was going to get cancer.
pranking my co-worker.
leaving my portable AC on while I was out
going to work on my supposed schedule
accidently show my dad that i'm currently reading a pornhwa
being gay and not realizing it.
2nd time in one week
Deciding to Wait in the Toilet Until my Boss Had Finished Having a Serious Comversatiom
realizing that my friend might have been self harming for years and i didn’t notice
I trusted the wrong people too much and had to cut 2 people out of my life
submitting an exam through a draft portal instead of the final submission portal
sending my brother’s pizza to the wrong customer
chopping my fingers up
streaking through the yard in front of the roofing crew next door
Wearing Flip Flops to a Job Interview
getting lost on a beach at night
Peed on my roommates couch
getting in bed with my dad
disturbing my cat’s hunting and accidentally letting a rodent into the garage?
taking a drug test
missing my cake day.
being nice to a insane kid...
The best community where you can post anything
getting a little too adventurous with a model rocket
not cleaning my earphones
swearing near a teacher
forgetting what country I’m in and failing to take the necessary precautions against wildlife attacks
Harmless shower turnings into a extremely painful night
Shot and made my only basket ever but it was for the other team
completely forgetting about a table at the restaurant I work at
my interview by not reading the calendar invite.
telling my job interviewer that my strength was how much I jack off in the day.
Was forced to walk home from work in cold and snow because I'm stupid
walking into somebody's basement at an outdoor Halloween event.
TUFU by peeing on my bathroom floor
I died
The Fart to End All Fun
creating screen share video that included a Reddit tab about 9 inch black dildo
using the bathroom at work
getting a job at McDonald's.
rubbing my eye after washing my face
smashing my Computer Monitor
leaving leftover chicken on the coffee table....while owning dogs
forgetting an umbrella in rainy season
I was unmuted for online classes and talked mad shit
doing a self-spoiler
I lost a drunk bet, and had to hand over my phone; he could chat &amp; send picture to anyone in my phone. He discovered deleted nudie. So I begged him not to forward it. He "helped" me, offering some dares instead..and now he's created this poll below . I could use some help here
having sex with the father of a woman I dated at a later date
saying no to a petition that my family wanted me to sign.
parking my car
By wanting some lo mein
kissing my wife during an orgasm. (NSFW)
accidentally factory resetting my phone
telling my climbing instructor that my carabiner isn't working
Today I fucked up by telling my brother that his elf on the shelf isn’t real.
GETTING BANISHED TO MARS
standing up someone who walked for 60 minutes to buy a motherboard from me
Dark Mode
forgetting about retargeting advertising.
stomach throat growling whatever it's called after eating and it got heard loudly in the virtual classroom...
doing the dirty with an aunt and niece
hiccuping.
I’m such a Dumbass
blowing my chance with a girl I'll never see again
accidentally calling the person i was yelling about
following a post on here because i thought I was infertile
supporting someone's bad behavior
sending my sister-in-law a video meant for my fiance
leading the whole company in the wrong way
learning that as a teacher, I've implied with Spanish speaking parents that I want to hook up with their son/daughter.
Always check your surroundings before urinating outside, you never know which neighbors might be about.
eating a Carolina reaper then touching my dick
taking crickets to work
saying “I would smoke p.c.p. and rape a guy named Duke” as a type of online “joke” aggression.
Fucked up a date
not understanding what my physical therapist meant when she said “four pounds”
IFU 15 minutes ago
at work by making sex jokes and calling my boss gross
buying a bicycle...
losing a game in dare game in basketball so I send an offensive message.
writing a historical fiction story that already exists in real life.
ruining my chance to go see Machu Picchu.
having sex.
drinking 7 cups worth of coffee in a day
showing my dick to my cousin through videocall
when I stapled my hand
gettin a peace symbol tattooed that led my girlfriend to believe I am bisexual, thus nearly ending the 8 year relationship.
thinking a test was a practice quiz...
scaring a receptionist with a demon voice
texting my dad late at night
Today I fucked up by forgetting what Pita Bread is
microwaving and burning myself with dessert icing
making my sister with a penchant for pranks angry
Bacon Fat is not butter
leaving my earbuds out
sending a girlfriend a text while she was at work sending my girlfriend a text
having unconsensual sex with my girlfriend while she was asleep
breaking my macbook pro
trying to be sexy on the last leg of my period
showing my 4 year old nephew the baby bottle pop has fundip inside.
nutting in the shower
thinking you can impress a girl by sleeping with her friend.
being cocky and skiing of a peak without any prior experience
overestimating myself and underestimating bad weather
My sis' date
trying to make a hand backflip
going on a tinder date with the guy who tried to run over my friend with his car at a women’s health clinic
accidentally ingesting a marijuana edible before having to sit a Situational Judgement Exam for medical school
joining discord and allowing myself to be manipulated and feeling suicidal
staring into my best friend’s eyes
Paying $70 to print a 130-page document at Staples
By making my airBnB host think we are dead by singing the ompa lompa songs
Buying Cheap A$$ Water Shoes on Amazon
recording a class lesson at home
throwing a rock through my neighbours car window
downloading Tinder
leaving the front door unlocked
for congratulating a coworker on their mother being sick
Building a Bicycle
sucking on my waiter's finger
flashing my zoom class
eating Spoiled Food Unknowingly
and let curry ruin my date with an adult film star
deciding to surprise visit my parents during my summer break only to end up getting evicted from my new house.
letting my boyfriend wax me
lighting myself on fire while lighting myself up
After Work with Tucker Iverson
leaving my door open when i usually have it closed
lying to everyone during a yearHow I ruined my life in a year
trying out a joke from my favorite old TV Show on a coworker.
not closing my phone.
giving my sister an irritated attitude when she got her permit
pooping my pants at work.
throwing the basketball too hard at my little brother and now he's missing 2 teeth
wiping the "right" hard drive.
posting my art on multiple platforms
liking my crushes retweets.
Ran into a prostution police sting operation
trying to talk to an old lady at a nursing home
Trying The 50/50 Challenge
being the most unobservent piece of crap ever.
eating too many 🅱️eans
Fixing the music at work.
taking a bb gun into school
putting eggnog next to the milk in the fridge
I thought my room was haunted!!
rhyming a zombie from a mobile game for my assignment in elementary school
burning my dick by accident
for doing stupid shit
trying to get my cat to poop when outside
eating 2300 calories
(NSFW)  offering my (now ex) boyfriend to join me when he walked in on me masturbating
getting myself locked out of my garage.
holding my cousins baby
realizing I have been smoking weed wrong.
worsening my already dry scalp
using the front office restroom instead of the warehouse restroom
thinking that my gender and sexuality mattered on my resume
because I used shampoo as lube, but! (Happy ending)
charging my Chromebook.
thinking r/would be full of funny mishaps
Zoom got me
deleting a couple of old files
letting porn ruin my sex life
Locked in the bathroom half naked.
not turning off my notification sound.
being obsessed with memes and coming off as racist.
creeping out a girl on tinder by telling her one of my favorite shows is “You” (where online talk turns into obsession and murder).
not knowing how long Acid lasts and unintentionally tripping at school
rescuing a kitty
Don't breakup with a text
accidentally drowning my just-shaved pubic area in vinegar
chain smoking
I just dropped my earpod inside a little ketchup glass
not getting knocked out for wisdom teeth removal
forgetting I was on the bus and squeezing out a rancid fart
lied to the girl I liked that I lost my virginity
cumming in my moms mouth (NSFW)
watching porn on my Nintendo Switch
Talking to my boyfriend about my feelings
putting in my register that that someone gave me $5000 instead of $50
and flushed my AirPod in the toilet. ‘Twas brand new.
not respecting the warning signs and getting mugged by a monkey
forgetting I changed the password to my Venmo account, this caused my account to be frozen as well as ultimately causing my power to be disconnected.
making the girl i just met cry
trying to sing "This is Gospel"
talking shit about someone who was right behind me and making someone else think I was a terrible person.
when I drove drunk
Almost drove in oncoming traffic
reading a post on this sub
putting blind contacts in my eye and failing to read labels.
R/i put onion dip in my mac n cheese
I shut down half of the power at an international airport.
im scared ok and cant overcome it
I am traumatized by my aubergine obsession.
getting a snack
making myself look like an idiot in a waiting room
sending pictures of my Tinder matches to my ex-girlfriend
trying to ride my new bike like I did as a kid after a ten year break.
shaving my junk and washing up
burning my boss at work with hot oil
Launching My Dog
playfully hitting back a pillow on my mom's hand and fracturing it
becoming a sit down pee-er
accidently scaring my school board into thinking I was selling Meth in the school.
falling asleep while reading an ero-doujin and my phone's screen didn't turn off
trolling by online class
signing into Zoom via Google
getting choked out by my girlfriend
making my neighbour think I'm an abusive husband
drinking large energy drink before important phone meeting at work
bending down to help a customer
giving my parents the garage code on our new home.
Where to post my masterbation for free
Said to friends my ball sack gets inflamed in a loud voice that the teacher heard it
in my zoom class
Eating a Granola Bar
Today I (apparently?) fucked up by making jokes with my work friends out of uniform, off the clock, at a bar.
getting arrested for drinking alcohol
fucking my girlfriend too hard...
failing NNN in a horrendous fashion
with a fake snowball.
Look at this "joke" by one of our players
sleeping through my science test
not trusting the Pigeon Druid
letting my bf's kid use my laptop for school
readeng the comment section if a post for 7 minutes thinking it's part of the post itself.
grabbing my bfs piss stream.
tripping balls while on LSD at Christmas Dinner
making everyone think I am from Finland
falling for a scam website
sending my mom a picture without checking the background.
blowing up a condom in a Jack in the Box restaurant
making a lady think I was about to hijack her car
flashing my cock &amp; balls on the train
standing on a slab
shaving my nether regions
falling asleep while watching porn
Sending my nudes to Walmart
sucking dick
Using Too Much Oil
bursting my ear drum
doing 6 tabs of acid by accident
trying to prank some buddies of mine but the prank backfired.
accidentally throwing away 400 dollars worth of merchandise and getting fired
smoking weed while my parents were in the house
teasing my girlfriend so she blue balled me
Defrosting the Ice Box in my Refridgerator
posting my asshole on my snapchat story.
Thinking A Wig Bag/Hair Net Was A Wig Cap
Sending my "Package" to the Vice President of Human Resources!
starting to gamble again
sending my mother and sister my saved up porn and my nudes of the last 2 years...
Hookup gone bad, what do you do?!?
spewing in an Uber and billing it to my work
pronouncing Pinterest as Pine trest with a magical E in a conference involving 150 people.
leaving a pizza at self checkout in Walmart.
eating a 400mg edible
and wet myself in a dressing room
Spellcheck failed me and I reverse sexually harassed my boss.
OPENING A PACKAGE
buying my girlfriend diamond earrings for Christmas
forgetting to lock my computer
blurting out a incorporate joke to the wrong person entirely
vomiting on two women at the gym
burning isopropyl alcohol
being too trusting towards strangers in a bar
walking in on my roommate.
having a foursome
sending my new boss pictures of my anal plugs and chicken dinner.
reviving my discord chat
being a fucking idiot with a bb gun
Trying to Bite my Dad's Finger
dropping my keys in a river and missing my first day of my work from home job
Having poo problems
not doing a single quiz for half of a semester
replacing a light bulb
eating way to much edibles and then smoking
not giving a clear grocery list to my wife
trying to gargle.
trying to give my daughter my old phone
looking up the number 177013
outing my language lie in France
B2B Telemarketing Services | VR Telemarketers
burping
having phone sex with a scammer NSFW
Failed tinder date
touching my pee-pee
letting my horniness get the better of me and then using my roommmates dildo
insulting a whole team of ppl at work with whom, up until that time, I had a decent relationship
saying I would too.
letting my cat run around the roof of my apartment complex.
searching up “naked gurls” on my DS.
eating acidic foods which gave me diarrhoea on a school night
procrastinating and losing my dream appartment
showing my boyfriend an insulting song about him specifically
making my golf cart rip my neighbors cars front fender off, destroying their mailbox, and having my naked dad jump on while it whipped 0° donuts in the street at 26 MPH
getting drunk around bats
announcing l love the smell of blacks
mistaking a black tag worn to mourn a deceased family member for a name tag
calling someone calling someone by the wrong name
telling my substitute english teacher I wanted to do her.
throwing blood on the wall at my quasi boyfriends house
forgetting my phone password
not realizing I love a Nickelback song
basically travelling
trying to kiss my classmate
drinking 2 cups of coffee
not paying attention to my Toilet Paper
catfishing a guy on instagram with my boyfriend
I got scammed
causing a scene at the renaissance festival
By making youtube think I'm a scammer
not wearing a helmet
getting a monitor
The “Scam”
thinking my amazonian gf was more possessive than she actually was.
cleaning my shower drain
seeing the Dr for heart palpitations...
putting coconut oil on
taking a swim with the boys
getting butter in my eye
accepting 5 cigar tins that all ended up being modern
sending a wrong dickpick
getting high and listening to WOTKDCADT II Pt. 2/2
touching my crush
picking up my bf’s cat feces with my bare hand
volunteering at a dental clinic to provide free care at a psychiatric ward and accidentally grabbed a transgender woman's breast as a way to comfort her.
I got banned from r/itookapicture
accidentally opening a porn website on an attempt to open a MP3 downloading website
talking up a sex offender
misidentifying my own action figure
punching my nurse's boob
building my father in law a custom PC
First massage
trying to shaving the genital area
asking my Fiance if she still loved me
sexing too hard with my sexy wife
By getting concussed by a cat (raw story)
trying to catch my sister-in-law faking COVID
giving myself a massive bald spot whilst cutting my hair.
fisting my girlfriend for the first time.
telling my black friend that it would take her getting stabbed and dying on a street for me to riot about BLM
cooking with fake nails
caressing my wife's breats during a zoom meeting.
throwing down a large pepperoni pizza and then throwing it back up again
waxing my arm pits with my GF wax strips
not keeping my eyes down in the locker room.
pooping in a celebrity’s change room
eating poisonous peas
cheating on my longtime girlfriend and alienating most of our mutual friends
not checking the time properly
playing vr in a small space
giving heat to a shower NSFW
not cleaning properly the sequel of a party
going to the wrong job interview yet still getting the job
making my pussy itchy
having my husband examine me
emailing literally all 3000+ student and teachers
falling for a scam and losing my disability payment
putting hand sanitizer on an open wound.
watching the Funky Town Torture
making a racist comparison
asking my gay sister if she has a boyfriend.
being too lazy to tidy up sufficiently after masturbating.
A series of unfortunate events during sex...
calling my gf with my ex-gf's name.
not submitting a final assignment when I thought I did
telling my director off
going into the wood
bc my parents saw me kissing a girl and they’re terrified of covid.
while trying to give a decent gift
failing to ration out toiletries and making sure my family knows it
making by bios inaccessible
having sex with my mommy, fire started
fracturing my Hand twice and deforming it
with instant pot
telling my Mom about the time I threw poop at an old lady
not getting gas before getting on the freeway.
calling my mom a “bitch” over text.
going through my daughter's baby pics and sending baby pics to an acquaintance that lost custody of the baby, a son, when he was a toddler..
having my cleaning lady face the most agonizing 15 minutes of her life.
almost rear ending someone on the highway
drawing pictures of feet.
calling my boyfriend (23M) Kylo Ren and laughing
accidentally peeing myself...
involuntarily exposing my family to my private activities
trying to do what my wife told me.
not listening out for gf’s parents during - *ahem* - bible study.
using a vibrator in the bathtub
jerking off at work and possibly being caught
bringing my shitty laptop to a college meeting.
telling a customer to draw a Nazi symbol on a piece of paper
Insulted my tattoo artist with my shit humor
telling the girl I've been dating I'm married.
Being ousted as a racist from my whole high school for an insensitive, offensive, and tasteless joke
putting the wrong name on tons and tons of applications
not checking there was toilet paper before a 10k race
Leaving My Wallet In My Car
ordering sex toys to my neighbors house
using jalapeño in my salad
staying alive.
trying to be a fun dad and breaking my 5-year-old daughter's ankle.
impersonating my friend.
Endless hiccups
covering my dick in lotion over night
putting a boiled egg in the microwave for a prank
finding out why I cant get erections.
by drinking wayyy to much
Breakfast costs me hundreds
I had sex while having myself unmuted in a PlayStation party
snapchatting a girl and her calling me a creep
not hiding my shrooms properly
Today someone (person b) maybe made a mistake and ate the wrong chips and now I'm worried...
not deleting a naked Aladdin picture from my phone before going to my doctors appointment
eating too many almonds
not having my glasses one going down the stairs.
absolutely ruining the night before I left for college
watching a conspiracy video about Pizzagate
making a Kubb game and ending up on an operating table
changing the theme of the entire presentation for the grade
for saying I don’t want violence on controversal people
uncontrollably laughing at a man just trying to live his best life
asking a colleague a would you rather question involving his mother, a day after she died.
think I flushed my phone down the toilet
saying something was 'racist'- not 'discrimination'
stealing my neighbor’s package
Ifu as I didnt know what sanitary towels was until age 25.
glass shrapnel bombing my living room
Got home today to learn that I left all of my cannabis paraphernalia at a vacation/holiday rental house
telling a girl in my online class she was cute.
saying that I like certain bodily fluids in my stomach when I was 11
not warning my brother the chocolates in the freezer were psychedelic in nature.
breaking a glass measuring cup on my brothers birthday
TIFUpdate - helping a guy hear his wife cheating on him
dropping a cap down my bathroom sink
accidentally stepping on a rat in the East Village and killing it.
making a stupid comment on my own post that a mod decided was worthy of removing a AITA post that was helping me with my depression because of all the kind things people were saying. Lesson learned.
jerking off near some deodorant by my laptop
not disconnecting my Bluetooth speaker accidentally drinking a glass of gross aquarium water
joking about someone's dead grandmother
By giving my bf a rimjob
having my volume up in the car
eating Carolina Reaper peppered beef jerky (8oz of a 16oz bag)
trying to help a homeless man
TDIFU by Running to the bathroom
getting sarcastic with my best friend, and dramatic with another
showing everybody my penis
getting my gf a hot sauce eating board game
Signing up for my Ex-Girlfriends best friends only fans
Sinus infection from stinky feet obsession
TIFUpdate to I had the most embarrassing booty call ever
flashing my engaged professor and becoming the campus slut.
picking up my bf’s cat poop with my bare hand
knowing that I was banging my cousin all along
being a bad friend.
sending my aunt to the hospital
thinking my bottle was dirty on the OUTside
and they had to call a ambulance
walking around the city in an adult website(inspired) t-shirt
sending the guy I like a letter telling him I liked him (he doesn't like me back)
not reading the directions on laundry detergent
farting during my sister's online class.
failing to put the verb after the article and thereby implying I was a pedophile
thinking I was related to Uncle Kracker
pretending not to be home
accidentally sexting the wrong person in my contacts list and awkwardly met up with the wrong person...
Getting Fired All Because I Locked my Keys in my Car
having having sex with my girlfriend
being stupid while getting a new identification card.
embarrassing myself in front of my dad's friend.
An Interview
sitting on my laptop.
taking a sleeping pill before work
not paying attention to proper kerning
I accidentally caused my gf to faint after I choked her
Throwing away my friends ashes from their grandmother on Christmas
thinking a girl was a boy
turning down a first kiss
Possibly (probably) caught in the act
letting the entirety of my high-school find out I had a dick piercing.
accidentally typing “my pussy” instead of “me puse” (Spanish for ‘I got’)
revealing which candidate I'd be most likely to vote for
eating edibles and passing out in an airport terminal
Fell asleep on a work zoom call with the camera on...
welp heres my first moment of 2021
telling a police officer my ex was a heroin addict.
telling my dad that he sucks
attempting to deep-throat a corn muffin
texting my ex thinking she was my new crush
falling asleep at my uncle’s PhD ceremony
because I didn't check my clothes sooner
pulling out a condom in a club
relapsing on blow and almost causing others to relapse

Not Sleeping
spilling milk
pulling my sleeve up to get a flu shot
staring at my Crush
finding the last Easter Egg
calling my Girlfriend Cuter than Baby Yoda.
drunk driving
TIF by being a dumb drunkassI might get fired tomorrow
fapping to porn of my mother
Today i fucked up by banging my dads car door in the car parked next to ours.
shitting my pants in my teens
winning 300€ and losing it all again because im a greedy piece of shit i just wanted to round that fucking 350€ man
bu accidently making a former alcoholic break 7 years of sobriety
peeing at the pathology lab
switching apps to transfer money
pissing in public and someone saw (F26)
buying a Bad Dragon Phallus with Paypal (a F-up in two parts)
making up drinking games while doing chores
holding a car acid battery upside down
going out for a walk barefoot in Texas.
getting banned from two subreddits because I was drunk.
The Espresso Incident
using okcupid
ruining Christmas eve dinner
not paying attention
letting kids pick an angel tree child
nearly killing my best friend and I.
"I was trying to kill a bug dad...."
accidentally stealing two cans of coke from a sushi place.
trying to pick up trash while walking the dog.
Getting Myself Banned from a Store
spilling scalding soup in my lap.
leaving my little brother in my room alone whilst my pc was on..
allowing Mr. Flubber to take over my kitchen
These are trying times
stinking so bad my boss spoke to me about it.
and started laughing uncontrollably when my friends girlfriend showed us a box of Magnum XL condoms.
using the same password for 9 years
not asking where we are going.
googling
referring to my current boyfriend as me ex.
slicing my labia
Trying to wax myself
ordering a butt plug and have it labelled for my parents to see
eating a lolipop
being an asshole to a woman
sending my crush a pic of my fav song
not looking behind me before talking and shit.
because I slipped on the wet floor infront of my crush
hitting my boyfriend with a bat.
taking a phone call while having sex.
revisiting an ex's feed, it's a shame he didnt open up to me as much as he did to Reddit &lt;\3
Hiding our sex toys in my girlfriends bedroom
deleting Discord channels
destroying my ps4
broadcasting by pee, fart noise and flush on online office meeting
blasting Toto Africa through the gym speakers
the ways of SEX (gone SEXual)
letting a fragment of condom wrapper go amiss in my bedroom
getting turned on while pooping
being goofy in the atm with my mother
ruining everyone’s night because of my farting.
giving hints
Taking an alternate Route Home
Buy Google First Page Ranking Service - #1 SEO Company
not learning from yesterday's fuck up
buying a free cat and skipping classes to see my boyfriend
going too far in a prank
going to a hotel.
using discord on my phone and blasting hentai at my whole family
Underestimating How Windy It Is
commenting a dark joke on a dark joke Instagram page and possibly getting banned
not masturbating
with potent gases leading to a tingly dick
this is fucked up for bad
roomie walking in on personal time
having my first sleepwalking experience
sending my friend dicks in a bag.
drinking puke
getting glitter in my urethra
Driving Exam
putting myself into child trafficking
being shocked at seeing my friend's doppelganger and possibly coming off as homophobic or racist by shaking my head trying to reason with myself that it couldn't be him (he's in a different country)
criticizing my co-worker that he wore a suit and tie to bed as "pajamas", creating a nemesis.
forgetting to tip my uber driver.
literally never washing my belly button (I’m 16)
being a *damn hero* to all the hungry babies who want to sip their sodas without the corruption of black mold
accidentally flashing my private part to a popular girl.
Tific may need surgery ok
not wearing my glasses or contact while getting ready for a hott night with my boyfriend
in front of my future mother in law.
leaving my juul out in the open
I pissed myself on an 8 hour drive
गंदी चुड़ैल Hindi ki kahani | | Hindi Horror Stories | Stories in Hindi | Kahaniya | Moral Stories
Birthday celebration fail.
letting myself become a creep
scrolling through r/
offering to pay for drugs for an addict
pleasuring myself after chopping jalapeños.
being a happy idiot
not checking my leftovers
saying “my condolences”. TL;DR at the bottom.
reading a at 4AM
attempting to wake my wife with a bare-ass fart but accidentally (I SWEAR!) shitting a little on her forehead and in her hair.
playing a youtube video in my zoom class making everyone think it was a hacker
Thinking There Wouldn't Be Wind
accidentally attempting a car-jacking.
fanning the contents of our vacuum cleaner at my father while he was on a conference call.
getting gifted party shower with all girls from another dorm
telling my 7 year old I had eyes behind me head
Today I fucked up by asking a kid without a hand to shake my hand for weeks without knowing he didn’t have a hand
messaging the wrong guy.....
giving a new neighbor my number.
telling my mom that some popular kid was banned from a particular class
becoming COVID + and homeless in 24 hours
Feat. Sexy Time Beer Shits
actually watching the forbidden anime
facetiming my ex
How I almost burnt my apartment down
kissing my married boss ...
responding to a racist customer in a not so professional way
being right about a colour
and almost set my kitchen on fire
By asking my sister and her bf to help me move my new sofa into my home
asking a close friend if she wanted to marry me. Not a date, straight marriage.
leaving a window open
ENDING UP IN THE ER WITH EMERGENCY SURGERY AFTER S**
getting questionable feelings.
having my boyfriend’s mom think I was an intruder because I didn’t know his name
picking a picture off the ground
filling my shorts with liquid shit on a job site while making intense eye contact with my supervisor
Pen reffffff
wearing white jeans to school
eating super spicy chicken and currently stuck in a public toilet crapping it out with no relief in sight
telling my crush I like him
making “special” cookies at a friend’s grandma’s house.
accidentally sending a dick pic to my family
falling in love with my stepbrother.
playing the sims during my 2 hr window for midterm
asking a pulmonologist about my vagina
clicking a link that took me to a subreddit with a guy jerking off with worms/maggots on his dick.
hearing my friends mother masturbating
shitting in a Taco Bell cup
Hi, I’m drunk
insulting my boss’s boss.
missing the "hints" that someone wanted to date me
almost electrocuting myself to death while trying to repair an elevator panel.
28 Anyone want to RP us DPing my thick 23 GF and then turn her free use/poly
Went through boyfriends comments
not looking at the label of what I was buying
I was really drunk, fucked my cousin at a party instead of the girl i was meant to ask out
accidently putting the wrong movie on my grandma's flash drive for her to watch.
letting my grandma follow me on Instagram
teaching my dad a bad word
bleeding in a bathroom
not knowing what I was talking about
I fell for someone on the other side of the country!
not muting myself during a Zoom meeting
leaving my flat for a week and trapping a guest by doing so
Using a Bidet
thinking a girl actually liked me
I got permentantly banned from r/memes and r/minecarfton the same day.
on R/Guns...
starting a new job at 17 weeks pregnant
reading my wife’s secret IVF diary
accidentally sexting my boyfriends grandma
wearing around a valuable item.
pissing in the trashcan while on acid
bc I forgot my teachers' name
leaving my pocket p*ssy on the side of the bathtub.
using a magic eraser on my skin
" breaking both arms by giving a friend a ride.
looking for my Wii U
Did everyone else remember it’s Mother’s Day tomorrow?
jokingly telling my boss that his dad hated him
smacking my head against a table thinking its my pillow
kissing my best friends crush
accidentally urinating on myself while trying to determine if it was a turbulent or laminar flow.
and mistook my adrenaline for courage.
accidentally electrocuting myself
having poor impulse control
GF caught me having sex with a man wearing her lingerie and makeup (my wig though)
making two guinea-pigs fuck in front of my dad...
accidentally reacting to a random two year old message I sent to my "ex" on messenger
making ramen at midnight
not canceling a vending machine transaction
Making A Nurse Faint during A Shot
flushing my fucking gym card down the toilet
I lost $50 during my first closing night shift
sending my girlfriend a nude
letting my mother wipe with the same tissue i cummed in.
so many things I can't pick a title packing "unidentified organic material" in my bag.
climbing a fence
not being hot enough 😔
CRUSHING ON MY EX CRUSH’S TWIN
so badly that I just got home and took of my pants without giving a damn about the people I live with.
giving my self a wedgie
Cut my fucking leg open
Today I Fucked Up by needing to use the bathroom
being way too greedy with the USPS free packing supplies
asking my wife to cut my hair...
shaving my pubes and legs
video chatting a jew joke to my whole family via video call while I hotboxed my car
due to Male pattern baldness
accidentally giving john barrowman rabies
meeting with other members of the furry community calling my friend's mother my own mom
spawning horses in Minecraft.
throwing away a piece of paper that contains my Debit card info
dreaming about Demi Moore and fucked my pillow .
DROPPING HALF MY AVOCADO
laughing at my bf for farting lube
bumping into someone
I dumped dinner in dishwater
calling my girlfriend a rental
going in the wrong way and wasting an hour
working on my day off
showing my mum (54F) my (21M) sex toy collection.
leaving the butter in the microwave to long
when I put ashes in my composter
Ruined my online calenders
buying a pc with my best friend
a girl liked me and I liked her and my dumbass said no
showing naughty images in a zoom call.
not converting kilograms to pounds
drawing something too accurately
making a spelling mistake in my Oxford University application
ruining my husband’s online gaming interview
committing to homeschooling And didn’t think about
forgetting to close the porn tab on my phone
big time I told her I didn't want to fuck her
Playing Before D&amp;D
Dear Reddit 3 Years Ago I Fucked Up.
using the wrong acronym for a job title
not checking what I send
Joking About My Job
eating weed gummies 2 hours before my teleworking shift ended
giving myself the plague
Today I fucked up, today i told a bad joke at lunch
inviting a girl over and watching a movie
making a teacher reschedule an entire class for no reason at all
misplacing money
telling a cruel joke about a dead uncle without knowing he was dead and my entire family listened
naming my teddy bear after the woman my dad had an affair with.
getting horny after my run
NOT HAVING SEX
having sex with a guy at the bar
not pressing the lock ALL the way down
I was almost cool
telling my big sis that I like to read gay incest fanfictions
telling my son about police
fainting over a dna test
Today I fucked up: work from home edition
tearing under my tongue during oral sex
I unintentionally tried to rob a store.
getting blackmailed for a video of me masturbating
A Girl Walks into the Washroom....
giving a homeless guy 5 bucks
having really rough sex with my new partner and making a bloody mess of our first time together
rubbing jalapeno pepper into my girlfriend's vagina
accidentally sending an adult caption photo to my college's department WhatsApp group.
skating too fast (NSFW)
I didn't undertand girls
eating cereal.
as making a ppt on syphon and mistakenly copying a pornhub link not knowing syphon is also a sex toy.
accepting a drunken challenge
changing with my curtains open
not telling my date that the backdoor is off limits
being a dumbass and self-banning myself from KFC
I think I f*cked up?
Surprised my husband by rearranging the bedroom (took over 4 hours) and found out I corrupted his PS4 by unplugging it....he lost everything....
offering to do a free tutoring session over Facebook
forgetting to wear a bra to school
wasting my time reading a about French Fries.
losing my car
Having Sex With My Mentor's Daughter
joking about keying my husband's sports car.
accidentally taking my morning meds right before bed.
consenting to receive paper checks
because I procrastinated and got demoted to a learners permit
lighting myself on fire while smoking some weed
mismanaging the schedule in a massage parlor
glueing a wireless headphone into my ear.
leaving my fleshlight in the bathroom
when I accidentally streamed my screen on YT for 5hours
asking someone out as a "joke"
talking bad about my supervisor
for submitting a wrong activity
trying to go to the bathroom after surgery without drinking any water. (Possibly NSFW)
sending a stock photo
getting drunk and hooking up with my belligerently alcoholic ex.
not double checking the buyers username on eBay. Sending an expensive item to some scammer. Kill me.
By trusting our family to find our lost indoor cat
bleeding from my a**
shitting my pants at a friends place
encroaching on a protected bird species.
throwing my brother the keys
paying $153 for a $73 haircut
rolling a jet airline full of passengers
talking loudly on my phone and convincing my mom I was pregnant.
bringing up an argument between two of my friends
sending my mom a photo of my home-cooking.
I came last in fantasy football and the forfeit was doing the one chip challenge. Today I Fucked Up
joining this subreddit and thinking i could get some upvote
Sleeping in my FU
up by being super clumsy and spilling freshly buttered popcorn all over the person sitting in front of me
LPT by being OCD changing Windows services willy nilly...
and tried to meal prep
having sex with my boss's daughter
having terrible short term memory
leaving my tampons in my boyfriends trash without closing the bathroom door from the tampon thieves
when I brushed my teeth with old spice shaving cream
eating cereal with water
saying "Check the Chas" instead of "Chat" to Chas himself
telling a girl who was raped that I don't think rapers are to blame.
being played like a fiddle into believing that the nazis were not informed of what happened in camps
I am a smoker now
Hello friends, I couldn’t sleep so I decided to recount a costly experience for you all.
eating baby poop
Name stupid names...
p**ping in my pants next to my girlfriend
going too hard on leg day.
I went to the wrong website
posting a copypasta in a public Facebook group.
making my friend leave Discord forever.
putting off a colonoscopy until I saw a post that scared me into getting one. And the news wasn't good.
when I asked a girl to show me her underwear in public.
telling my band section leader I didn’t practice. Ever.
buying an arab with A BOMB attached to him
using a Diva Cup
having an uncontrollable coughing fit at school
wearing the same pair of underwear for 3 days
looking at a girl in a family party through my phone camera ... Yeah i act like a total pervert
reminding my wife where Christmas meat comes from.
showing off
yelling to a random women in the gym
Condensed milk
listening to music too loudly
bothering to visit r/
playing Tekken
living
talking sh*t about my class
Going to Disneyland
shaving, oversleeping, and trusting a fart
swallowing.
At a robotics tournament
masturbating too loud
looking like a pedophile in my high school (17M)
making a garlic joke during sex
moving across state for my girlfriend.
walking downstairs to see my parents doing it
e supporting a homophobe-
ordering the wrong silverware
saying something kinda insensitive to my gf
giving my 79th year old grandmother a pair of spandex underwear
not getting my dad anything for Christmas
wearing briefs
almost becoming a married man’s side chick
letting my dog drink salt water and ending up with pop in my mouth
leaving my furry fan-fiction on my computer
Real male friendship
Sending A Stalker A Butthole Pic NSFW
I wanted to order spaghetti but I was too nervous is front of my crush so I ordered a pizza
FRESNO, CA IS THE BEST CITY IN THE US
and accidentally asked for sex
Idrk how this shit works
YIFU, by not knowing what the R in ROA meant.
accidentally flashing my wedding guests
not answering a random number and ruining a relationship
using the body of christ as a coaster
Bathroom Embarrassment
causing a good person working as bank support rep to cry.
seeing my coworker’s nude pics meant for his wife.
not showering at night and eating White Castle
not keeping it quiet on a slack call
Farting in the elevator right before our pastor gets in on the next floor.
ruining a friendship and basketball playoff run over ketchup
posting porn on Instagram
going out for a cigarette while potty training
By asking an anti-masker why they don’t wear a mask.
looking at what my cousin was doing in vr
Mistook an allergic reaction with a mental breakdown
shaving my legs with conditioner, tearing myself a new one in the process
hacking my girlfriend's social media
spraying pesticide in my underwear and then wearing my underwear
making my wife listen to the porn I watch...
Unblocked drains.
letting my OCD make me late to join my family for thanksgiving and then feeling awful as result
taking my electrical scooter to the university for our first day
submitting my Oxford dissertation late
kneeling on beads
nearly getting in someone else’s car
stealing from parents credit cards for games.
Dad accidentally steals my money for months
not doing a test and doing it now, when it exceeds 1,000,000 seconds
having a Chime bank account during a move
giving my friend explosive (Ya know)
mistaking yellow jackets for bees
making my dad think he killed me
leaving my vibrator under my pillow.
My neighbors hate me and so do I...
convincing the whole neighborhood my family is in the Klu Klux Klan
staying awake for haunting hour and hearing the guitar be strummed with no one playing it
accidentally starring in a Italian comedy.
reading about an upcoming solar eclipse
sharing my screen with a friend
doing auto electrical work myself...
I vomited in a CVS
forgetting I had a bread bin for a month.
saying my friend looks exactly like the US Secretary of Treasury
not wearing underwear.
slapping my wife in the face with a huge dildo.
not reading rules
stealing charity valor
calling a girl someone who pays for sex
giving a grade 7 student implicit permission to use the word "Dickhead"
So my mom had to visit grandma ...
I've lied in my CV and now I gotta lie again to keep my job
not being nearly as cool as I pretended to be
looking up furry porn on my school account
finally losing my virginity
nearly having sex on top of my cat.
not remembering my best friends birthday and sending memes like nothing happened
At the Carwash
my first video phone sex attempt
giving myself large very dark hickies...on my head.
I slipped on the stairs and fucked up my shins.
ruining my grades
calling my neighbour "dad"
scratching my incredibly itchy lady parts while on a walk in the park.
BBQ buffoonery
taking an antihistamine that reacted badly with my antidepressants.
exploring the deep web
not double-checking i'd hit mute
Arm got stuck in a filing cabinet
trying to cook a canned good inside its can
giving a call center employee a really hard time.
telling my BF that I will spend New Year's Eve with my dad
Going Upstairs
after finishing (yes, that kind of finishing) in the shower
Well. Shit.
unintentionally ruining someone’s day... with a deer.
playing a Roblox horror game
I joined a blessing loom with $100 so you don’t have to.
Googling an old friend's name and finding out he's busted
accidentally landing in the morning drill in my local military caserne at 15 years old
emailing a dealerships entire sales team my intention to date one of the sales consultants
thinking I had the office all to myself. (SFW)
forgetting how uncommon my name is and how easy it is to find me on Google
leaving the oven at 200 degree whilst taking a nap
giving sterile head
going into the woods
forgetting to mute during class and get caught playing the Soviet National Anthem out of boredom.
I didn’t fucked up
Messing up my Direct Deposit
parking in a hurry
FUCKING my DAD
eating a chocolate coin with the wrapper still on
rolling my car
not getting any sleep before a job interview, praising one of their competitors, and blowing my shot at a job in Hollywood
Sexting with my classmate TL;DR
masturbating so loud my family heard me
buying a used chair at a secondhand store
saying I was born 17 weeks prematurely
not realizing how bad my eyesight was
cheating on my wife and finding out about the kid years later.
Taking Home Cat Litter
eating in my room as if I hadn't just moved in and left everything packed and messy.
going through my husbands internet history
exposing my in-laws family secret to their kid
eating a tuna sandwich and giving birth to a child-like turd
telling my brother Dad is sick
getting pulled over with no registration, and unknowing to me no insurance.
blowing out a candle
leaving a face mask on all night and then going into work
digging through my dads stuff and finding a vibrator
inviting a "Karen" to our party
taking amateur medical advice
I accidentally tried to give my boyfriend away
M
cancelling a job interview at the only place I want to work
Sniffing a graduate offer
video calling my boyfriends parents naked.
My nose had bled accidentally twice today
not taking off a bracelet in front of my teacher
rooming with someone who deep throats their toothbrush every morning
putting loose change in my new ripped jeans pocket (also ripped)
burning buns in a microwave
having a bad crash on my bike
not thinking before talking
letting my best friend drink hard liquor. (Long story)
trying to help potty train my kid
I locked myself in the gym and now I'm homeless.
forgetting my bf’s dog at the grocery store
talking about my dating life to my mom
not being careful while moving my dying dog.
almost making my pee pee to get stung by a bee
taking amoxicillin
not checking my gmail properly and missing an interview
Using my cellphone to show my Foreigner Crush a picture of people whom I help to learn English who are from her country.
turning to the wrong page for the organ player
Shitting Myself and Putting my One Year Old in Danger Simultaneously
tending to my mod queue before going to bed and now it's 1.5 hours later and I'm going crazy.
and outted someone's genital herpes
Full Form Of Audi or What Is The Full Form Of Audi
and Burned My Eyes With Rum
Accidentally Injecting Myself With My Girlfriends Epi-Pen
letting mom find the cum wall..
missing a chance to finally make friends
becoming addicted to chapstick.
crying in my boyfriend's car
The casino, an unstartable car, and a discarded ice cream
getting into my first car accident
trying to prevent an anxious dog from eating plastic.
giving my open-source project a bad name
mixing up my tv remote and a knife
Today I fucked up by letting my dog loose
my partner blew up on me (WoC please weigh in)
waxing my eyebrows with Veet body wax strips
opening my kids christmas gift
seeming to flirt with a friendly lady
taking my antidepressants
making a morbid joke to a health and safety assessor
using my brothers razor to shave my pubes
getting betrayed
getting food poisoning at my girlfriends parents house
falling asleep in class with my mic on.
putting two sex toys in my butt at the same time
taking some “Me Time” during an earthquake
brushing my teeth with semen and soap
Wrong plug
trying to impress the cool group
FAIL blog on Facebook is stealing these stories.
assuming a student spoke Spanish closely following a woman around a lingerie store
trying to be cute with no pants on (25F)
giving a kid candy
trying to open an impossible to open pouch of 5 jellybeans with a very sharp knife.
banging in the room next to my parents with an unsafe toy
eating 12g of hashish in a brownie mix with my friends, and promising to never do it again
sending my manager a dick joke
getting my dick caught in the ceiling fan trying to impress a girl
Today I f-ed up by invading my brother's personal space
Today I fucked up by simply looking to my left....
TIFUpdate my dickhead irl friend which i used to trust now has ddossed me twice and hes gonna ddos me for a month
Customer thinks I called her old
doing what my brother wanted
getting my teacher fired by accident
revealing my cock length to my whole family.
chugging an entire bottle of Dr. Pepper before school and releasing the beast
walking to the printer
ripping open my scrotum
forgetting about NSFW hardware in my car
having the shittiest moment of my life
fighting my doorman.
playing be boxing
accidentally manipulating my ex
telling my Father to pray for me.
deleting my entire OS and losing every scrap of data on my computer.
accidentally sending a letter to my mom’s ex-boyfriend instead of her parents
sniffing my sister's panties
I got black out drunk with my coworker
Peeing Before Bed
I messed up really bad because of tourettes
accidentally letting the soft N-word slip out at a field trip
popping a pimple that nearly killed me
letting a girl blow my mind
He fucked up by taking a few bong rips &amp; then scarfing down 10 “oreos” that were actually enhanced oreos.
meeting up with my dad in Las Vegas
'gate crashing' my ex's wedding and causing the marriage to get annulled. Whoops
trying chipotle
going on an inexpensive date
My Undergraduate Thesis - Might not graduate on time....
telling a little boy I've heard of BTS
Discovering the true meaning of (😋)
bringing my illegal laser pen to school
getting drunk and nearly drowning in a canal
This is the story of a boy they only want to know a simple question and this is what he has turned into
math test in Google Forms
cumming so hard I puked.
thinking I was being kidnapped by Russians and yeeting my cat half way across the room
flashing my hit neighbor and his friends
eating Wasabi Nic-Nacs
having sex
not changing my address for ordering take out
(most likely) infecting my brother-in-law with down syndrome with COVID-19
Accidentally Peed in my GF mouth
having ceiling fans in reverse for two years.
putting my brother's ice cream cake in the fridge
when I told my highschool crush that I was glad I wasn't the only one who got fat.
crashing my car
showing my classmate hardcore porn
penis vagina sexy sexy
crossing my pervness towards my friend's mom.
while cleaning my ear
spilling out too much stuff to my boyfriend
getting my nipples removed surgincally
with my pics in insta
not muting my mic during lecture
Realizing What Christians &amp; Muslims Actually Believe In
playing cat sounds to my feline during the evening
getting way to drunk at my friends house and going on a 7 hour rant about life.
eating with a loose veneer and force myself to barf to retrieve it
fucking on a couch and causing my dick to bleed.
jokingly asking one of my friends for nudes.
for not asserting myself and ejaculating during a massage
sleeping with someone I shouldn't have
pooping too much
leaving empty, stickerless soda bottle under my bed
Letting my Boyfriend Buy a Laptop from a Shop that Looks Like it Sells Drugs in thr Back
working on a hospital with no OXYGEN
forgetting to turn off the water line
Playing porn on the family tv
not securing my fake teeth when performing cunnilingus
When the Needle Disappeared.
almost biting off my wife’s thumb
Almost burned down my house
getting gum in my ball hair
getting so high i hallucinated a stranger talking to me
accidentally calling a Ulta salesman gay
My Sleeping Pillow
outing myself to my academic colleagues as part of a questionable One Direction fandom (“Larry Stylinson”)
getting a boner at my friend's party
I farted, TWICE, while on top of my boyfriend!
not inviting my grandmother to my wedding.
Stealing my neighbor's elderly dog leading them to believe he was dead in the woods.
putting a lego in my ear.
using the answering at work
not knowing what a Gameboy was.
I have gone too far
dropping my sunglasses in my own poop
dropped my opened high school laptop, which shattered it
sharting at the dinner in which my parents met my new boyfriend
accidentally roasting someone on r/toastme then deleting my account.
after unmuting myself during class and making moaning sounds for a dare
thinking my then boyfriend could masturbate with doughnuts
making out with my cousins wife
thinking Kanye was joking
letting Uncle Roger teach my 4 year old how to swear
not knowing someone died
renting the movie Parasite thinking it was a zombie movie renting the Korean movie Parasite thinking it was a zombie film
making cookies with baking powder
Masturbating in the Shower
listening to erotic audios
Stick and Stones may break bones but words can tear down Egos
kicking my hand
buying pen cleaning supplies at a pharmacy
getting prescription glasses from the internet
changing my background image in Zoom.
making someone vomit from my ass blast
being a emotional manipulator and realizing it just now
I have to answer the phone in my class, the conversation went like this: "Hi is Mrs.Boot there?" "yes" and then I hung up.
putting my balls in tabasco hot sauce and leaving my balls in tremendous pain for hours.
cursing out my class during an online lecture
trying to stream audio to my tv's bluetooth smartspeaker
sh.itslearning
using my coochie cloth on my face
showing my grandad the bob Ross post on here
leaving the potatoes out
getting caught by my cousin jerking off to hentai naked
scamming sugar daddies.
telling my friend about my feelings about dating
but almost busting my chin open
assuming I knew what dog was going to be in a someone’s backyard.
being half asleep on my period and making my mom think someone was murdered in our bathroom
It finally happened...
spending 40 minutes writing
getting Drunk
HELP ME!
almost by accidentally dialing 911
ผู้จัดละครดัง ชุดาภา เปิดโรงแรม ให้หมอพักฟรี!Awkward Breakfast
shutting down a multi billion dollar corporation's entire Lending Department
scratching a mole...
I spit on a mother bird.
Yes
Dude🥵
not taking stubborn nails out of a wall frame.
sending my mom to the ER
Deep Blue as lube.
absolutely ruining a public restroom
picking a funny number
spicing up my spaghetti dinner
sitting in the wrong class for a month
Didn't realize my crush was hinting
nearly sparking a fire in our apartment
puking all over the nurse I liked. NSFW
Probably Getting Some Poor Call Center Worker Fired
possibly accidently calling the girl I like ugly
sending all my personal information to 100 people
ordering a large lunch to make myself feel better
wearing yoga shorts to my basketball game
giving myself a DIY enema in front of all my friends
packing bowls wrong for over 2 years
popping a gallon bag in the hallway. Me and my friend, let’s call him A, we were walking through the hallway and he tells me to pop a bag when everybody comes, everybody starts to come and I pop the bag, this is also a gallon bag, so I pop everybody freaks out and starts to run back outside
Muma huma yet
thinking that f4rt-like noises from within the intestines don't make an actual sound because they're inside.
accidentally yelling to an 11 year old boy that I gave him a lot of sex
pooping on my remote
doing a double whammy on my dong
Making Teacher Think I Was Dead And He Tried To Break My Ribs So I Broke His Balls
taking a swig of the wrong cup and puking on my college crush
trying to report a crime?
trying to save some time cooking dinner
saying “black doesn’t crack” to an older black coworker
learning I slept with my niece
locking my friend in our dorm bathroom and causing him to nearly miss his uncle’s funeral.
forgetting to take off my earrings before swimming
giving $240 to a complete stranger for nothing in return
Wussten Sie, dass Sie online einen Führerschein bekommen können?
making a joke even though he was working hard
not showing up to Class
matching with my married uncle on Grindr
reacting badly to a pregnant person
browsing this sub which has become a centre for soft erotica strange sexual fantasies nobody wants to know about
Today I fucked up by turning on my Bluetooth before watching porn.
peeing in a hiking trail
recreating the Lion King Scene
not doing my work earlier
stumbling lost, sweaty, muddy, tits out... into a middle school graduation.
terrifying my girlfriend
shrooms
accidentally adding "WAP" to a children's toystore playlist...
accidentally playing footsies with a guy w a foot fetish
getting my ass depressed and failing this year of college
eating raw potato
getting so loud and mean to my partner that our 2yr old daughter yelled at me for making Mom cry.
teaching my dog how to lick his lips
losing 500 bucks
making a FB post that was well meaning but ended up making me look like a total dick
wasting my free award
quoting The Office to a drug dealer's friend
getting a blowjob in the woods
having sex during a pandemic.
sending flowers to a coworker
telling a friend during his wedding to ride his wife
TI Almost Fucked Up by taking melatonin before a party
.... oil and me being me
urinating outside my apartment window
insulting my stepdaughter’s anime fandom
failing my practical driving test
playing footsie with my roommate's tinder date
buying the wrong mobile phone which I cannot return and must use for 2 to 3 years.
by inviting my brother and his girlfriend to a vacation, alongside me and my girlfriend.
Friends With Benefits Relationship. The best.
laughing at my client while she was talking about death and protests in the 70's.
getting lost on a trail in the dark, turning a 5 mile hike into a 10 mile hike.
leaving my toothbrush and washcloth out...
asking “”Who are you?”
participating in NoNutNovember
ordering "bird litter".
I just yelled at my landlord’s daughter
for not having sex
calling the police to my house
selling an Xbox One with my account auto-signed in with debit card attached.
made my teacher cry because I tried to comfort a classmate
writing a paper that wasn’t assigned
sending my phone to service with set up alarm
wrecking my first car, and coming to the realization I was a teenage fuck up.
eating some spicy food with my hands, then touched my penis. Now it burns.
not muting my microphone during a university zoom meeting and saying dirty things
accidentally finding a site for beastiality porn
reading
having my test results mailed to me.
trusting my ex-girlfriend to
bringing birds into my house
Changed common word on friends phone with a naughty phrase that went unoticed for a month.
masturbating in a public pool shower stall
masturbating in the school bathroom
and lost 4 Million Dollars
accidentally training my kittens to be PITA
assuming about exercises in class
Toy Collecting Leads to Caffeine Overdose
almost killing my grandma via laxatives
Viagra almost killed me.
forgetting the bus pass in jeans and washing it away
not checking for ticks
unleashing the evil from within my groggy early morning self
I locked my self outside my house while home alone
closing my music app while listening to music
getting caught watching hentai by my dad
running into an old classmate of mine
forgetting an important business meeting and then wearing crumbly hobo shoes.
leaving the stove burner on all night.
buying a Christmas present for my cousin's dead cat
telling my neighbor about their barking dog
accidentally mocking my teacher
throwing an axe into my neighbours back yard.
d up by painting
possibly accidentally assisting in a B&amp;E
predicted death
The Legend of the Gay Theater Dad
I was in a contest and nearly died
An Odyssey of bad choices and worse situations.
ruining eggs for myself
lying and dissapointing my mother
being attracted to IcyHot
because i’m stupid.
always make sure you have the right input.
the best thing that has ever happened to me.
not reading the stupid rules on R/LifeProTips
being too dense to get a joke
telling my GF to be nicer to waitstaff
because I think I just swallowed my AirPods
telling my CEO's nephew he could F off and go to the strip club.
Today I fucked up by maybe getting spinal damage or breaking my back.
telling my daughter to stop being a wimp resulting in an ambulance ride
telling a guy I tried to sleep with, "Thank You," after he basically did nothing for me, except help me realize I'm not broken when it comes to having sexy time
going out drinking all nite, the nite before a 4 hour bus trip with my best friend and all the ladies from her place of work.
I fucked up telling my son a horror story
telling my BF that his side piece has Chlamydia.
accidentally spilling medication on the floor when my dog was there
Directeur financier indépendante Cannes
Dreamt my mom told me I can go back to bed
throwing a party at my house
comparing my penis to a cucumber I found in the kitchen.
accepting discord request
spilling a can of stain
speeding and forgetting I didn’t have any of my vehicle documents
trying to be social with my coworkers
sharing my reddit username in real life
telling my child he can beat up the neighbour's cat
maturbating in my Aunt's room
leaving a dildo on my bed for my religious mom to see
somewhat revealing myself in my online class
accidently showing off my poop to an innocent Japanese man.
ruining my chances at a promotion
drinking sparkling water
unknowingly making fun of my friend to his face
accidentally revealing I got a tattoo
Trying to be a good neighbor and got spit on instead of appreciated
telling a girl that was in a horrific accident to “keep the rubber side down”
sending a sexual email to the head of HR at my new job.
destroying my chances of getting my dream job
botching a trophy-hunting session
and used an ethernet cable for 9 months
thinking I had a disease
By letting my wife leave her work things in my car.
telling a lady I wanted to give her daughter a creampie
"
asking so many questions while having dinner with my family
DON’T USE CLOROX WIPES ON BEHIND!!!!
texting to a potential employer that I am leaning towards a different job offer
trying to kiss my interviewer!
giving myself Stick and poke tattoos
making my cousin believe doughnuts grow in trees and breaking her heart
TIFUpdate when dad caught me masturbating and punished me kinda harshly
I gave myself a giant hickey at the worst possible moment.
spoiling my brother's surprise birthday party bursting into laughter while playing piano in church...
wanting Yummy by Justin Bieber to be played during DnD.
accidentally sending an email to my manager's manager before I could finish writing it
losing most hearing in my right ear
telling my crush that Hozier's 'Cherry Wine' is a song I would probably write for her
I fucked the interview up by calling the Boss A Loser Unknowingly!
farting while my friend was teaching online
trying to overclock my friends PC
Today I invited all my co-workers to a party
wearing a cute top.
Slept with some girl a month ago and I just got tested positive for std
going to the bathroom in a bag
eating my Passover family dinner early because I was high
giving out the wrong number
Recycling chilli sauce bottles
concentrating too much while dreaming
sharing too much with my wife.
sitting on someone piss on the bus
Today I fucked up by insulting my girlfriend's family.
almost losing my fingers.
TOFU FOR SLEEPING WITH MY HUSBANDS SISTER THE DAY BEFORE OUR WEDDING
texting my pastor The Poop Knife
turning on my 4G
I am really socially awkward and shy and i keep replaying and fixating on things i feel embarrassed about.Please tell me if this was cringe or not.
drinking my dads spit
testing my girlfriend off the bed and fracturing her wrist
letting my sister chose a movie.
running over my own phone with a forklift
burning myself with boiling water while making delicious pasta.
not wearing a bra to a poker tournament.
making my entire apartment building believe I was a domestic abuser.
booking my friend a haircut
By believing a scammer.
telling my step brother I wanted dick.
giving my mom my old AirPods
microwaving a choclate bar
shopping for psoriasis shampoo with my GF
"ripping" into another gamer on Hell Let Loose
sorting out some paperwork
scaring a squirrel and ending up traumatizing my sister.
dumping my friends mac &amp; cheese out into the garbage so I could cook my own version.
not hiding my condoms properly
(possibly) putting basil in his food
Today I f*cked up by sleeping through someone’s birthday party
spanking my ass on a FaceTime call with my foreign grandmother
turning on my phone...
blewing into a bottle of habanero powder to clean it.
numbing my boyfriend's mouth with my vagina
drinking the liquor cabinet dry with friends
accidentally uploading a “private” video to a church’s media system.
Going to a nude beach for the first time .
saying my cousin is nosy and annoying in front of his daughter
burning my hand to hell with deep dish pizza
de um TUGA
TIDU by letting my nephew play The Battle Cats
frying my PC's accessories in an attempt to do something smart.
using the wrong washroom
being a dumbass in a bathroom.
making a racīst joke to my girlfriend who made one first
lubing a treadmill
sending a scammer my dickpic and they are exploiting me on instagram
losing my best friend of 10+ years
accidentally showing my students porn
literally getting my balls crushed in wrestling practice
keeping all my eggs in one basket
Replacing Closet Doors
naming a file and forgetting to change it
scary my sister using fake blood and almost died
slamming on my brother's good nature and retroactively ruining a Christmas present
Locked in Handcuffs
cursing out my whole class of 1st graders
drinking codeine
I am available anytime
not knowing the eggplant emoji means dick
having the sexiest sex sexeaezer could ever sex up
accidentally getting my dog high
not trowing out the cigarette package
letting the ground give one month's notice to my landlord
nu trying to end a fuck buddy relationship and ended up being crazy
allowing my Dad to discover my wife has purchased a vibrator.
believing my boyfriend had a relationship with his cousin
throwing away 10 pounds of raw meat before trash day
Accidentally Opening My Neighbor's Package
dancing while driving infront of a police officer
(Serious)  lying about exam scores
electrocuting myself
possibly ruining my friend's birthday surprise
showering after cutting peppers
coming out to the world as a schizophrenic who thinks he's Jesus
telling my boyfriend to ‘rail me’
throwing my girlfriend out because of a misunderstanding
flushing $10
putting a 2liter and mentos up my ass.
accidentally liking an old picture on a new acquaintance's Instagram.
melting my fridge
saying to a girl "oh you have aids" during a.
becoming a therapist to the girl that I'm seeing
letting two bullies trick a disabled person into breaking their skull.
not listening to my doctor after my COVID Vaccination
forgetting my own name.
Accidental Coronavirus Scare
listening to my step sister.
saying shit to my best friend and rubbing salt to the wound
pissing on someone
putting powder on my sensitive armpits
Toothpaste used to save ass
I told a girl to look up porn in the middle of a party
venting next to someone instead of killing
trying to give advice to someone who was drinking and I just started dating
calling to say thank you over the phone
taking my wife’s wallet from her without asking why
not knowing anatomy
think my power outage was normal.
because of too much caffeine
peeing on myself at work
Today i fucked up by acidentally send a video of me jerking of to a friend who just lost her cat
burning chilies and now my neighbors think we have the Coronavirus
calling an ambulance for trapped wind
using baking soda instead of baking powder.
not doing my job correctly and nearly getting blamed for tens of thousands of dollars of damage
putting yogurt in the wrong place
trolling my gf way to harsh
Got large scratch on car within first 15 meters of driving AFTER passing my test.
brushing my teeth with icy hot
ejaculating into my phone's headphone jack
I mistook a cashier as wearing a face mask with a mask bracket. It was just her face and really old mask!
Accidentally left very racist screensaver on at school
Telling My Crush Im Into Her
accidentally naming my nephew after a pokemon.
urinating in a public place.
but not knowing how to start my new car
thinking chicken gizzards were a chickens penis for 31 years
almost losing my best friend trying to catch a Marowak.
By not changing my Zoom name
confusing Jim Crow and Jim Croce
scaring my moms new man.
forgetting how my couches were moved into my apartment.
sending a nude to my class' snapchat group
drinking coffee..
for commenting a very bad thing
too many ways too early in the morning.
M27) by getting fired from my full-time job over a stunt driving ticket that I have yet to take to court to in the next month.
Named a branch of government as "Federal"
sending a weird nude pic to a friend
going to my pharmacy to pick up some allergy relief medication
mistaking a disabled boy for another patient’s dad/mom and possibly offending his mother with a violent fit of nervous laughter
after rubbing white flower on my girlfriends back
telling my manager the name of my internet provider
when using tinder and meeting a married couple.
sending my father the bill for my porn subscription
telling my crush i like corpsehusbands music
and caused my asscheek to bleed.
nearly injuring my friend!
giving my brother advice about girls and getting him suspended from school
working at a grocery store before the registers were opened. All I had was 5 clif bars and I ate all of them for breakfast. falling on a concrete floor while running with food
writing sending a love letter to my crush (who doesn't like me that way)
changing my bed sheets
eating a jar of caramel.
smoking too much before work
cosa è successo ?
being greedy with a vending machine
accidentally calling a stranger a prostitute
I love
Drunk me goes full retard and I fuck up my relationship
slicing up a chili, spreading it out on a pizza with bare hands and then scratching my balls.
leaving work early because I felt a bit groggy. sending a NSFW audio message to a customer
puking
having small talk with someone breaking into my neighbors car
making cinnamon rolls
falling down the stairs and blaming the so called demon in our house.
learning about Reddit’s jolly rancher story after being sick all day.
greasing my bathtub....
sending a meme to my whole school
having the best and worst day of my life
letting my sloppy neighbor show himself out after a morning quickie.
feeling nostalgic and accessing my moms iCloud account on my computer to look at old photos.
thinkin a relationship would be a good idea.
getting robbed by a hooker!
opening a package
emailing a client that she's "beat"
drinking HAND SANITIZER to get drunk
asking a HR to send nudes..
jacking off in elevator (double fuckup)
Faked stomach pain as a child to get out of school, end up costing my parents $1000
Off-topic but does it seem that every " that gets top posted Is just something sexual, just straight outta a porno 90% of the time &amp; it's getting a bit old.
mistaking one man for another Twice.
Never trust friends.
swallowing pills wrong my entire life
or did I?) By applying for a job without knowing exactly how far it would be from my house
sexxing my wife into a brain lesion.
joking and telling my brother he was adopted.
Today I f***** up by almost electrocuting my face
TI(propably)FU because I've sent my crush a message that was just really dumb.
Making My Head Gush Blood From A Game
skipping class
accidentally eating my pet dogs homemade treats
almost killing my cat.
trying to help up a man having a seizure
making a clay penis in art class
giving my customer a glass without water
going with my precum filled boxers into a room full of guests
going hiking during rainy season
telling the President of my state licensing board that I’m not state licensed.
inflating a resuscitation aid
visiting University of Alabama as an Auburn student and not knowing where I was.
Best Hosting Company
trusting a recipe online
having wind blow off $30 from my wallet
pranking my friend via email, he retaliates, and now my parents think I'm gay
steaming an artichoke
trying to replace light switches on my own
reminding my friend of his late mother's opinions on tattoos
mistaking Juvy for college
going to the barber shop on exactly the wrong day.
telling my boss I was checking him out
reading the wrong calendar
playing Rule 34 roulette.
thinking I could foster a kitten
sleeping with a married man for 2 years and his kids
and ended up with a stewardess holding my legs up on an airplane.
pleasuring myself.
making my sister angry.
impregnating my Cousin
embarrassing myself not knowing what xtc is
declining a lot of money
having to write an important essay whilst listening to people poop all day.
thinking my girlfriend is cheating on me
TFIU by drinking a little over 2 oz 40% rum too fast
accidentally making a rape joke on a first date.
making fun of a disabled person by accident
trusting my iPhone Alarm
not checking to see if the toilet seat was up
getting almost 200k likes on TikTok
feeling bad that my girlfriends blog wasn't getting many viewers and signing it up with Google ads
helping my dad prepare food.
Getting Permabanned Site-Wide from Reddit
accidentally hitting my dad in the head with a used condom (knotted and back in packet)
posting sold items to myself
accidentally said i know how to shoot a gun, now everyone thinks i’m a school shooter
thinking the delivery guy was a telemarketer
beeing a barking dog that doesn't bite
helping a coke addict steroid user
asking my dad to uninvite my uncle.
talking about a motorcycle trip I've been planning at dinner
Sure a lot of FU's here..
losing weight and being half paralyzed
making Mac n' Cheese
brushing wrong my entire life.
accidentally flipping off my teacher with a penis
giving in to my girlfriend
playing Minecraft on my laptop at 1 AM
getting into a car accident.
Don’t push.
putting biofreeze between my thighs and asscheeks
trying to do laundry
ate some strangers gum at movie theater!
giving my wife Anemia
Locked key behind shop shutter
I scrolled through the New Post on all of Reddit...
thinking I could use the bathroom at school in peace
ufit
wearing a band shirt to Officeworks
waiting too long.
trying to get high
TUFU by showing my wife the below post (it was about her)
picking up a lost disc golf disc
going to a school dance
making my younger Cousin break his laptop screen
posting this
implying I might be in mortal peril.
Changing my display name on Zoom for A Uni Class
Thinking I got away with farting all through an online meeting.
not paying enough attention in cooking class.
ETH Ракета!!!
accidentally calling an old acquaintance stupid
drinking dish soap
calling the police on my wife..
trying to cut a small piece of wood on a band saw.
complimenting a middle age womans ass at my father's funeral.
dropping a tray of KFC chickens, fries and drinks on the floor accidentally
having a sexual situation go awry
being depressed since i was a kid
introducing my girlfriend to her new future boyfriend
letting it slip to my spouse that my anxiety is getting out of control
not having internet at home
yelling at my bro that he rarely brush his teeth, his friend were listening.
finally backing up my hard drive (I’m a photographer)
gassing my housemates while cooking burgers.
giving my bf a hug
eating a bunch of chicken noodle soup
dropping a bottle of cleaner in Family Dollar, sending an old lady back to the hospital
sexting a robot after remembering a movie
eating leftovers.
when my manager found out we refer to him as dad, to others ‘daddy’
cleaning out the filter in my pool vacuum.
wanking it
buying a game I can't actually play... Twice.
ruining my chances at hooking with my colleague
getting an enema
accidentally sending my new colleague an emoji suggesting a threesome with her fiancé on the first day of my new job.
Discord ruined any future I had with this girl in a matter of hours
TIFI by ostracizing my crush from her friend group
Today I tried to empress my crush but I failed
wasting hundreds of dollars and weeks of time trying to fix an obvious problem with my GF's car
playing cod with a “friend” that I didn’t play with very often.
My grandma told my mom I’m having sex
getting lucky and possibly ruining a relationship.
strongly implying that an anesthesiologist was undergoing therapy for substance abuse.
not drinking the Koolaid
I Wonder What Other Cool Things My Dad Did...?
jerking off with somewhat long nails
losing everything on Oil
unintentionally making my coworker sad regarding her pregnancy.
killing my sister's goldfish.... plural
nearly burning my house down with Nutella
putting glue on my butt
forgetting to celebrate my cake day.
cheating, having a pregnancy scare, and ruining my relationship with high school sweetheart
twice on Christmas Eve
showing my friends how I "farted"
leaving my reddit account logged in on the shared work computer and allowing my smarter and more handsome colleague to post whatever he wants
hooking up with a taken girl
eating raw beans
making my supervisor cry
tickling my son and getting dog doodoo everywhere trying to reach my THC limit
leaving my bike outside a store unlocked
have engaged, still love another boy
A crack head at the airport
accidentally mocking my friend's disability

swearing at my younger brother while at a drive thr
not being able to post on certain subs if your post doesn’t meet a certain requirement
using wart remover as facial serum
buying laxatives instead of lactaid pills
Texting my boss I wanted to quit instead of my wife
owning a fleshlight
saying my friend's selfie was terrifying and now they're considering canceling an art commission
Giving Myself the Bends Using a Bike Pump
showing dear old mom porn
slapping the bass naked
causing a flood in my cousins house
trying to help my fiancé leave class early
taking my friend's Mustang for a cruise.
eating edibles and jerking off while high and forgetting I was not alone.
Asking my boyfriend to waterboard me
today I fucked up by cumming on the ground in front of everyone
falling asleep while using a heated electric neck massager
touching a girl inappropriately while on drugs, and losing her as my good friend
handing my boss some extra chromosomes for his kid with Down syndrome.
forgetting to turn of my mic.
Accidentally knocked my girlfriends tooth out her mouth
doing laundry and involuntary getting a peak atmy brother's kink experimenting sexually
letting dad use my computer
introducing my ESL high school students to urban dictionary
telling my deaf boyfriend I wanted to get a deaf cat to make him feel better
watching the first episode of a new series I was excited to see
spilling boiled water
pooping mid hike and not completely finishing
making an ill timed suicide joke in my social studies class
Forgetting to Include Something on Exam
taking a cum shot just after I’d tanned
helping move a couch that had been sitting outdoors for a week.
accidentally calling my fiancee a bitch while meeting my FIL
Wow, I F.U
taking a leak
My friend thought i stole his bike
"Just going to push an update to this industrial control system... wait it didn't reboot... oh no which one did I actually connect to?"
trying to talk to a friend
making a really REALLY bad joke
making a blue cheese omelet
*NSFW*  role playing as Dobby the house elf right at the point of climax
letting my 3 year old watch Wizard of Oz potentially ending my marriage.
Using Nair on my vag after getting razor burn from shaving.(this happened yesterday)
using a vacuum cleaner wrong twice
forgetting my vibrator in the shower.
finding out my dad failed No Nut November NSFW
getting caught masturbating, therefore cracking my 500 dollar monitor screen bought as a gift from my grandma, dad doesn’t know yet? Or...making grandma watch a guy grab another's balls
finding my vibrator with my parents
asking Alexa to play a song with a NSFW title at a mall Amazon Kiosk.
buying the wrong spanish flag
forgetting to use the brakes on a public transit scooter
cleaning my gf ears
upvoting a casual uk meme
spraying anti bug spray on the back of the toilet
watching a horror movie with my GF and giving her a panic attack
Getting a Quiz Date Wrong
rushing at work
saying a girl in my bio lab asked me on a date
giving my fiancé my keys to my car
making my son think that the Tooth Fairy had the coronavirus
buying Lingerie
doing laundry and using glue to fix stuff
speaking my mind to my boss.
Its time for a haircut!
Attention waned towards the end of a Zoom...
submitting this post to r/
Shitting myself in the shower
Getting caught jerking off in the most embarrassing way.
Cut my balls while shaving
accidentally sending nudes to my landlord
accidentally freezing my bong water
The most Comprehensive Affiliate Marketing Training
leaving the door unlocked, while my gf was riding me facing the door
thinking it was cookie dough
scratching my car in a stupid way
showing my GF our toilette w a UV Light!
eating a condom
making a comment about my meat. (Safe for work)
not getting kidnapped at church by prisoners
visiting my mom before work
being accused of a school shooting threat.
bleaching my hair
completely forgetting to wear a mask
flashing the sweep for thirty minutes straight
calling my gf with my ex-gf's name
UPDATE. I suck at hiding receipts and my girlfriend found the receipt to the engagement ring.
sounding like I crapped myself.
throwing up on my hairdresser and becoming muteToday i fuced up
Sh*t was chasing me
eating spicy Kimchi soup four meals in a row
yelling to my wife what a lady and her dog did on our lawn
Actually it a “Today my wife F’d up”
Today I fucked up by getting my braces stuck on a popular youtuber’s sweater during a meet and greet
taking a shit too soon.
accidentally gave a puppy away that belonged to 4 kids that lost their mother to cancer
giving myself the plague
sending my female teacher an explicit text by accident.
not finding a better hiding spot
drunkenly changing my iPhone password
accidentally hanging myself in my uniform
opening my mother's package
with vaporub
sending nudes to my employee group chat.
trying to entertain people
getting it on in my boyfriends parents room.
having my crush’s mom find out about me and my crush talking about oral sex
should have known it felt too good
thinking I blacked out and ordered a bunch of stuff from amazon
sneezing during an assembly about caronavirus
It doesn’t have shocks
for telling my mother that I have Reddit
leaving my online school camera on while masturbating
giving a facial to my favourite childhood toy
telling my coworker she was going to give a Mexican man an Alejand-job
Snacking on Beef Jerky While Gaming with a Friend
falling while cross country skiing
forgetting to close my porn tab (NSFW, of course)
burning myself with Nair spray away.🗿
not taking the drugs and thinking I was going to blow out my butthole.
being asked my views on the world and getting banned from extended family dinners
telling my brother to "eat batteries if he's a robot"
titfu quite rather badly tbf. I accidently allowed my mother to read my school diaries, which were filled with absolute cringeworhy and highly embarrassing musings of a quite weird teenage boy.
dropping my toothpaste in the toilet
girl at Chipolte asking to go home with me and then almost completely ignore her after
removing my partners butt plug M NSFW having sexy time with my wife (nsfw)
grabbing a baby chick
which one?
giving my lover a hickey on her forehead
not selling my socks to a stranger in the park.
forgetting to feed the geese
Showed my boobs to all my coworkers...
letting go
dressing up as a dinosaur at a kid's birthday party.
by cheating on a test... and accidentally streaming it all
deciding to figure out a simple question
stringing my bass guitar
finding out they only thing in a TV show that is worse than your favorite character getting killed off...
spending money on a game I already owned
my teacher thought I was laughing at here dead grandma
using my brother's bidet without his permission.
breathing COVID fumes
using google whith my mom's account.
flinging a piece of poop into my eye
sending an email to my SO
and didn't have enough time to make my 7 yr olds lunch and now he thinks he's going to most literally DIE if he eats school lunch...
With Breaking My 2-1/2 Years of "Done Dating" Decision?
making my wife watch Pixar's UP a month after the death of her father, resulting in her crying uncontrollably for hours.
Not keeping my penis clean enough and now will end up getting circumcised.
accidentally asked the family how's the Grandma on her funeral.
masturbating with a menstrual cup still inside of me
Insulting My Father for being Addicted to Pokémon GO liking an instagram post from 6 years ago
shitting on a small animal (yes, this is a true story)
instilling a false inferiority complex in myself for years with my own laziness
being an American
trying to open a locker with a giant wooden spoon
I don’t even know anymore
telling the guy I liked that I would name my future child after him
using the trimmer as a vibrator
having sex with my former professor....
vomiting out of the window of a plane.
tightening a blender so hard we couldn’t get it undone for an hour
getting stuck in a time loop
shooting cum all over my sister
putting some vaseline in my nostril to soothe dryness
dry swallowing my anxiety medication
leaving a pee filled apple juice bottle on the counter
Today I fucked up by visiting a peta website
not saying anything.
deleting my main Reddit account
complaining to neighbours about being noisy
when I tried to deter my kids from alcoholic drinks.
cutting my dick whilst masturbating
burning my boss with hot oil
and got fired
causing my tinder date to have an allergic reaction
leaving my vibrator out in the open
letting friend drive custom built mini bike before proper inspection
trying to help my grandma get her groceries!!
for telling a ex-classmate that i like it
getting decimated by my fiancé
going to the wrong bathroom
getting shampoo in my urethra
accidentally convincing my partner they will go into anaphylactic shock
Do you really care about Valentine’s Day???
buying a Trader Joes t shirt on redbubble.
Burning My Junk With Spicy Food
not muting myself quickly enough on my Zoom call.
checking your beer bottle (old story)
forgetting what happens in ‘The Bridge to Terabithia’
using an electric razor in the shower...
celebrating Halloween in a country that doesn’t celebrate Halloween
Putting In Eye Drops...
not taking these posts seriously.
For choosing a course I cant handle and not taking college seriously.
Aren't we bored of those all products?
being lost in translation (and for being a proud git)
I broke my window
I left my NSFW Reddit page up on the computer while I took a shower. My sons 17 yo friend seen my nudes😱
calling my friend a puppy killer
telling my girlfriend I want to get married when I really don't
talking shit about a customer and the mic un-muted
ingesting something I'm allergic to.
linking my identity too specifically to my 18+ account.
changing to laundry detergent liquid pacs while living with my parents.
congratulating Biden’s victory on Facebook.
drinking my girlfriend's loogie
using pillows wrong for 21 years of my life and thousand of dollars in chiropractic treatment
macing myself in the parking lot
learning something on guitar and forgetting it today
sunging every day bro to my new boss
dropping a chopstick down the sink and forgetting about it
watching MNF
I caught another mouse.
quitting my job without a signed offer in hand
Water shortage enhanced
Y’all should attempt to post and upvote non-sexual s.
unconsciously saving my dogs life
Breaking A Friend's 2DS
hating myself and letting a $3 command strip fly out of the bed of my truck.
creating a nuclear bomb of feces
discovering an old lost tampon in the worst way (NSFW)
I got super drunk with my friend and ended up spending the night in a barbershop
being hung...
underestimating my rash and getting sent to the ER for rapidly spreading Cellulitis
almost making my daughter afraid of Donkey Kong
calling my teacher my mom and then a bitch
standing in a line for 2 hours, under hot sun (10am-12am), to get a free Whopper
A bad day to a worst night
getting Herpes
missing the toilet bowl and making a mess on Christmas.
piercing my own ears
tilting my head backwards during a nose-bleed, therefore almost choking on my own blood.
being catfished an nearly getting her pregnant.
throwing a rock at a bird
letting a construction worker see me measuring my dick.
opening a package of tofu 3 weeks after its expiration date
Young and dumb monkey hear monkey do.
bringing ruin upon my PC
Catching My Cat
using my vibrator in the bathtub
messing around with nail scissors
tongue kissing my Granddad
Teeth
never got that cookie..
eating an extremely hot pepper, lost my hearing, and nearly passed out.
listening to the cure at work
offering a helping hand to a fellow gym patron
Accidentally Breaking my Mom's Boyfriend's Weed Whacker
when I lost a football bet...
accidentally saying someone's dad should be dead by now.
swearing at a customer over the phone
forgetting to put away toys after a late night session ruining 3 perfectly good chicken breasts and setting off my smoke detector in the process
showing my enemy nudes
giving in to the Christmas Spirit
I called blastoise thicc in front of my school librarian and friends
dognapping a Border Collie
I fucked up by not getting the hint
wearing yesterday's bra.
adopting my wife’s favourite animal for a birthday present
letting my gf mother clean our apartment
riding my bicycle too fast
recognizing my girlfriends sister from a porn subreddit.
reading a paranormal sub and effectively scaring the crap out of myself
writing a poem
giving massive spoilers to a very good game.
making someone think I was going to murder and bury her
not checking a truck driver throwing away trash.
One more thing that I bargained for.
jumping off a horse
thinking I have balls of steel but obviously don't and getting myself and friends stuck in a nightmare
talking to my classmate's twin brother thinking it was him.
laying down motocycle after test drive...
challenging my son to a hot pepper eating contest
picking up a phone at Walmart
calling my friend by his initials.
having some drinks.
accidentally killing my pet squirrel.
gassing a class of second graders
almost giving myselfban ear infection.
getting out the car with the car in neutral (started manual 3 weeks ago🙈)
Going into a Dust devil
being curious in a school trip
leaving the cereal box open
trying to race to the bathroom
trying to be spontaneous and watch a sunrise.
ended up getting my nudies leaked😕
being scared witless of dentists.
riding a motorbike in a storm to Lands End and nearly dying, multiple times.
getting peer pressured into going out lighting fireworks
voting with an explosive device on my face. (Rewind to Nov 3)
masturbating before work and spraying blood on the wall- NSFW
thinking that my husband broke my femur bone (spoiler alert - he didn't)
being rude to my school partner but not remembering doing it
thinking i was an ant overlord.
drunk texting a friend and explaining all my insecurities
creating Buffalo steam
giving everyone I knows info to a scammer resulting in them seeing a picture of me on the toilet!
ignoring my crush's response because it was too short
"selling" a newspaper to a half blind person.
cheating on my math homework for the entire semester resulting in my shit grade
so bad.. by giving my girlfriend fake flowers.
Started sports gambling &amp; staying up late, then fell asleep at work on the first day with a new boss
jerking off in a sock
telling my gf of 3 months that I love her *Final Update*
stabbing an aerosol sunscreen can.
eating pizzapops after the dentist numbed my face.
giving an apartment tour despite it having a terrible smell inside
getting my car totaled in flood water
talking shit about one of my teachers in front of my mother, who is also a teacher.
eating an earplug in my sleep
my wasting away a months work of codes
Today I fucked up by forgetting about the condom.
accidentally sh*rted on someone
Jjjj
First awkward sexperience as a parent
shitting myself at work
taking a compliment
accidentally going too far in the bedroom
letting my ex girlfriend sneak inside my bedroom window and letting her fall asleep
saying something sexually suggestive to my sister in front of my family.
playing loud white noise through my tower speakers
being a smartass while writing my birthday date
forgetting to mute my mic.
Rewards!!!!!!
putting muscle relaxant on my balls
I applied for a job I really want in my industry and while sending over my references I accidentally included my top scores from last nights Halo5 match with friends.
clogging my boyfriend’s toilet
not fucking up anything except...
accidentally marked my grades to my classmate test and let her get away with it
killing half my family with embarassment.
asking my partner to crack my back...
overestimating my bladder and explosively peeing myself in a public park
thinking my wife was cheating on me.
searching green eggs and ham rule 34
opend a door by using too much force
Extreme insomnia and Unmotivated to workout
taking a set cost Taxi in Thailand
forgetting u had company over and not knocking on the bathroom door
using a Condom too small for me
sending my father memes
leaving my car key it the ignition and it got stolen
accidentally eating dog meat and then also talking about how it was cooked to only feel disgusted later.
accidently squatting on a Tresseme bottle and flaying my arse hole
sleeping with my boss’s daughter
letting my contact lens solution dry out and not cleaning it up
listening to the radio for 7 years
feeding my  nasty ass food.
handing my mommy my child sauce NSFW
having my period and making the security guards at my work think I had COVID-19
going down my front steps without checking for my dog
getting worked up thinking I was pregnant
playing with my friends dog the same why I do my own.
not asking someone to watch the bathroom door
Convincing a Girl I Was a Stalker
I tried to explain to a new girl I met (who loves tiktok) why I hate it and why most of the world is against it
showing my poop to room service before flushing
scolding my cat who just wanted drugs
TDIF by trying to buy cocaine and instead bought a $300 piece of plastic wrapped up in a piece of foil
accidentally butt dialing emergency services whilst watching a horror movie
sending my grandmother an ass picture.
making a weird joke about my penis to my family members.
I thought it was normal to have one ball
with split personality stuffs
saying I wanted to rape someone
making a inappropriate joke
going running in the rain with headphones on
watching 2 girls 1 cup - not what you think. Read description
dancing to Minecraft parodies while eating linguini
kicking a child
I went to a Church event and ruined her entire relationship
ruining Valentine's day eve sex
using my super powers to pee in the dark.
staying at a mates house.
lying
accidentally dying my hair purple
Losing my wallet in a foreign country
assulting my mom
doing something I've done a thousand times...
when I took my cousin to town
accidentally ejaculating on feces
calling the cops on my new girlfriend
popping a pimple during class
doing a racist accent Infront of a very Asian student
Thought I was called babe on the job by another Male.
saying mean and vile things to my parents
telling mental health professionals that my house is haunted.
getting close with my neighbours.
snorting a line of coke (F22)
doing my homework
freaking out on camera during an important presentation to 50+ people
realizing a girl had the most obvious lesbian crush on me 5 years too late
When I attacked the CRAYON STEALER
realizing my Christmas gifts were sent to the wrong address
getting waterboarded with boiling hot soapy water at the barber’s shop.
not safely handling a firearm
By ruining a game of chess
having my entire fire dept call 911 at once
making my mom think I killed myself
bc I ruined all of my shiny Pokémon cards
because my brain can't handle being angry
ripping out a tooth
I used British slang for a cigarette (fag) in the USA
messing with my mom's computer.
drinking my toenails
getting too high and jacked off in the desert in subzero temperatures while hallucinating the Golden Gate Bridge
accidentally hitting on my Principal's daughter
attempting to climb a 50 foot cliff at dawn in shorts and flip-flops
almost) for deciding to wash clothes in hot water, then washing them in cold, the finally leaving the washing machine alone
nearly killing a woman with a portable charger.
digging for gold on Facetime
being late to my public speaking class
Which one ?
getting seethrough underwear online
saying no to my only job offer
paying for a boost on heroic nzoth despite the fact my guildie was willing to do it for free and was about to ask me if I wanted to come this evening
sending my Grandmother-in-law into a coughing fit, with her running to her inhaler, due to the giant cloud of pot smoke from me taking too many bong rips
turning myself into a sex slave, Spartacus edition
stealing the first piece of of billionaire’s birthday cake
trying to improve my dental fragrance while traveling my metro.
shitting myself on my lunch break
Waiting to see what punishment I will get for having a little... fun...?
for eating pizza
getting a hug and it’s gonna cost me $$$.
blasting music through my whole town
Klaus!!! DK. KLAUS!!! Drunkenly gave away wrong number!
Changing My Name to "Rockhead"
eating an entire bag of espresso beans
telling interested girls my brother does have a cell phone after he said he didn't when trying to let them down easy.
not taking my meds
playing Life is Strange for the first time, all the way through.
Well...
putting my keys in my hoodie pocket.
slapping my own nuts during sex
accidentally hurting my girlfriend badly twice in 24 hours
TLDR by preparing the house for 2 showings only to find my brothers sex toys. NSFW
not knowing my name
forgetting to charge the phone I was selling
telling people to blow-in-my-hole
I almost gave my mom a heart attack
cutting my pube using scissor
letting a whole chicken rot in my laundry room
accidentally throwing away 400 dollars worth of company merchandise
panicking about my ear being necrotic
taking my baby to the store
Studying staples
pavloving myself over my roommate's bathroom scent.
holding my sister at knifepoint when my mom came home.
leaving an earring in my dad's car
playing porn at max volume when my parents were in the other room
answering a call that actually wasn't meant for me.
lying to my boyfriend's grandmother for no good reason because I'm antisocial.
going to Taco Bell at 12:30 in the morning
leaving my keys in an off-limits zone after getting kicked out by security, plus I have social anxiety &amp; don’t wanna go back there
accidentally turning my friend into a furry
thinking I was alone in my friends house.
almost possibly blowing up my hairdryer
ruining my relationship with my entire friend group
being poo shy with a new girl I was dating
locking all of the doors at work when we open
not deleting browser suggestions before Zoom session with my teacher
for trying to be kinky
Approving My Son's Joking Online Comment to a Classmate in Advance
No Roommate Sophomore Year
sharing my NSFW phone's password to my dad.
being a cop and calling the cops on a cop
starting the dryer with my kitten inside
Another naked while driving
cleaning out the vacuum.
Today i Fucked up taking to much Kratom before surgery
Pocketknife thru TSA
up by ignoring my friend on her birthday
I thought the toilet seat was up...
Mushrooms just before work
not thinking before I spoke about going to the bathroom
My sister and daughter are mentally ill and pregnant
creating a flood of shit in my GFs new shared appartment
a relationship...
Go Green, Go silent and Go electric - it would be fun they said
leaving my new backpack near my cat
actually last night) by getting drunk and picking a fight with my boyfriend
asking my boss about personal improvement
watching a bad anime.
with the quirks of Reddit
forgetting to turn off my directional microphone
haveing SEX‼️‼️‼️
We Accidentally Firebombed a Statue in the town centre
ZzQuil and wine
thinking my cousins dog was dead
tossing a toy
I served him alcohol as if it's beer
taking tge wrong pill
for teaching my niece how to remember the order a fetus develops in
being unmuted in class
a fantasy a bet an opportunity to complete my fantasy
telling my ex girlfriend she stank the first time we went down.
accidentally picking my nose skin apart
smoking a joint in my room and my dog got high as fuck!
not checking DLC was downloaded before starting the game
Googling "Beating heart in blender"
taking the wrong bus to school and ended up getting completely lost
I soufflè'd Jesus
not keeping up on my online college course load expecting it to all be fine
contributing to the woman i love relapsing
asking someone how old they were.
when I flashed my lights at a blind person with a guide dog to cross the road.
sending my girlfriend a text while she was at work
(not me) I used to work at a camp for kids and one of my coworkers accidentally put saw VI instead of a kids movie
trying to deliver pizza to the wrong house
postponing a dentists visit for 2 years and breaking my tooth in half
deleting 3 months of work, and not just my own...
asking a hand amputee if they needed a hand..TWICE..
calling my hookup fat
dedicating a drug deal to God
eating raw soybeans
lying to my friend about dating a hot girl
glueing my mouth
wasting 2 sleeping hours because of pokemon fanart
laughing off a TSA agent while getting patted down and almost missing my flight
My father caught me looking at his search history
on I was bowling and in 2 of my overs batsman hit 9 sixes
wrecking two gravestones and a rideable lawnmower that was on loan
That time I had a papsmear and accidentally hit on my female Doctor mid labia.
Pressing the Wrong Button... to begin with
falling back into my old ways
asking my (gay) teacher what sodomy was.
Sharing my fuck up like everyone else.
accidentally cutting a $350 blazer in half.
accidentally skipping in line at a Subway
trying to ease my pollen allergy
making my girlfriend think we had sex
fishing in a “no fishing zone” (OC)
not checking the inside of my boot
stepping on a broken ceramic tool
not watching my kitten closer
hugging someone completely random thinking it was my sister
farting in the elevator
trying to fix ingrown toenail TW/ Gross
telling my family that my stepsisters mom died when she actually hadn’t .... yet.
almost causing a collision on the interstate.
leaving my laptop at my brother's room.
sending the wrong text to my professor
accidentally committing a war crime
sending 520 emails in a language I don't speak.
Sending Lesbian Anime Porn to The First Individual of The Opposite Sex that I Considered An Actual Friend.
sending a screenshot with a browser full of porn tabs to a potential employer
doing donuts in a neighbourhood near my house at 2am
Telling a Girl I want to have sex with her
not using a condom carefully and hurting my pp
humiliating my self in front of 20 ish people
only looking at the first picture before swiping right.
trying to search for makeup in my sister's room
sending my crush a song/poem 2 years ago
interfereing in an FBI investigation.
just now saying "to, what up dawg" to our most senior pharmacist, a 69 year old man, in the men's room at work.
assuming I knew my mattress size for the last 15 years
leaving a canopy open outside
got a hole in my pocket for a girl
opening up my medication pills and accidentally almost getting into rehab
offering my (now ex) boyfriend to join me when he caught me masturbating (NSFW)
and I regret my life
doing the big thing in my pajamas and throwing the materia away
that one of Elvis Presley’s back up singers was Witney Houston’s mother
bombing a math test for a job interview despite having a math degree
Racing the toilet seat
giving myself mild food poisoning and shitting myself into a coma to win an argument.
my fried chicken again
leaving my oven on
admiring a woman's rump
leaving the lid off my tide pods container
buying a cursed boat
Jumping on top of ex girlfriends new boyfriends car.
scratching my Google Play Gift Card.
inadvertently teasing someone for their meth addiction
reporting my transaction as fraudulent
telling my SO I watch feminist porn (I’m female)
nearly choking my girlfriend and having my genitals bitten NSFW
Wrong Septic-tank
letting my dog sleep in my bed
accidentally almost showing my family my penis
Tackled a 9 year old for no reason
browsing reddit before a customer arrived and he probably thinks im a paedophile now.
fucking up my arm doing bicep curls while high.
and lost my debit card
leaving my fleshlight in a shared bathroom
forgetting what women’s breasts feel like
not doing my covid test.
going shopping when I stank like roadkill
using castor oil to improve facial hair growth
picking oysters
yelling at my mom not to pray for me because it doesn’t work
flipping off the grandma
buying whiskey
taking a diarrhoea poop in a broken toilet
forgetting sunscreen
watching my friends stream
trying to save a pair of sunglasses, and breaking my toe.
telling my sister I'm not a virgin and that I'm planning on going athiest in an Islamic family.
accidentally emailing porn to my son's principal
I should have know he was sick
sleeping through my mom’s birthday
insinuating my pharmacy techs husband's tramp stamp was for morbid utilitarianism
setting my phone down in freshly made garlic paste.
buying a silver plated ring
Absolutely lost
shitting my pants in a therapy session.
losing everything on my PC thanks to a wooden Fish.
not knowing how to count
getting ghost pepper on my balls.
putting the wrong water in my Kraft Dinner
getting a bus stuck under a bridge
joining this garbage sex fake fantasy sub
spraying a can coke into a helpful man's face
cutting the skin of a cat accidentally...
(most likely) ruining relationships with two cousins.
letting my cousin use my ps4.
my unawareness making me seem like an asshole
(Deleting soon)  accidentally giving myself a fetish.
letting some solicitor hustle me
asking my best friend a question
adding nitromethane to my motorcycle.
I am Sexy Girl Looking For Crazy Sex And Love Sucking Dick.
be taking things to literally because I was to lazy to think otherwise
waking up after going into anesthesia and cussing out my parents with no filter, I don’t actually remember any of it but they showed me a video that to say simply, did not feel like me 😬
clicking on an unknown website and entering important information on it
not leaving my damn phone on silent
sharing my weight loss photos on reddit
chasing away the only person i csn talk too
My wife caught me looking at porn...
trying be MacGyver
I messed up at school
buying the extra thin condoms
Mango Madness
saying ‘cream’ weirdly at a Starbucks
and texted my father-in-law what I meant to send to my husband
today I fucked up by accidentally letting my stalker find me again.
missing the death of my mother because I was busy hooking up with an ex.
eating beans and then going to the gym, which nearly killed me
being environmentally blind
แฟนคลับงัดหลักฐานฟาดกลับ เหตุผลที่ แต้ว ณฐพร โชว์เต้นถี่จนถูกติง
showing my mom a video of my brother insulting me.
Night shift in another State
not using enough detergent my whole life
shooting my foot with a BB rifle
searching on Bing how many degrees C are 98.6 F, at work
making out with my boyfriend
for hitting my friend with s backpack
Ringing my ‘ex’ when I was drunk
breaking a coworker’s arm.
rubbing toothpaste on my chin as a joke.
bc I should have fought back
Roller Skating at my 30th Bday Party
Eating Drugs
Sent my High School Crush Vore Porn
being with an escort girl I actually know from my hometown
being an asshole to thid girl
Today Ifucked up by referring to a potential mentor, by the wrong name.
choking the chicken in an emergency
because I have all the sex
Bringing A Manger Scene, in a Vodka-Filled Jello Mold, to a Party and Almost Killed a Jewish Guy.
leaving before i told a person how to actually set up the PC i helped him build.
Not Looking At Map Before Hiking
lubing up in the dark...
left my lunch at the house and only had one type of consumable....
answering nature’s call on a train.
telling my younger sister that i love my other sister more then her
having sex with my girlfriend in my parents bed and snapping it in half.
Today I freaked out
using epoxy-putty without gloves
not peeing after sex (M)
not looking thoroughly for the missing condom.
Sending a Dick Pic to My MIL’s Employees
spanking my housemate during drunken truth or dare
taking selfies
not looking where I was going.
defending myself
accidentally committing myself to a crisis unit
realising I misinformed my father about me being homosexual, and now he has already passed away so I won't be able to clarify it to him.
going from 69 to 100 real quick...🍆☠️ telling my friend my boyfriend fractured my nose
making a cash register boy blush
mistaking my germX for contact solution.
scaring a homeless man by peeing next to him
losing my cat on the first day of owning one...
saying the F-word and getting sent to the principals office.
trying to report an NPC for cheating in WoW
stealing my new neighbors delivery
watching Netflix on my wife’s account
asking my Alexa Dot to read me my notifications.
eating a bad taco and taking a year off my life
having morning wood
telling someone in traffic they have a gorgeous dog.
getting drunk and taking the police on a communist trip!
getting banned on my main account on Reddit
not watching over the rice while it was cooking
trying to do my own hair
letting my cat distract me while cleaning a knife...
trying to save time
making fun of a friend's dead mom
thinking I killed my dog.
swearing in class while everyone was quiet.
beating my meat so hard I cant get erect anymore
ditching a date and ruining my chances with her.
saying “I gotta go put powder in my nose”
riding a bike.
messing with a stranger and then promptly forgetting about karma.
getting a flat tire
and nearly ran over my own child
riding a bike that’s too big for me
I just farted in front of my SO, lit a match to mask the smell, it broke and caught her/our couch on fire. Am I going to Hell?
masturbating before going to spa centre
only eating pizza for 3 days, resulting in a ripped anus for 2 weeks
babysitting my nephew and end up contrscting a virus and losing fingernails.
Named my kid as Testicles
misunderstanding lego and implying my coworker had a boner when he did not
letting my wife use the bathroom before me.
thinking I was a “Hot Babe Magnet…” sleeping naked for the first time.
for sending the answers to a chatroom with the teacher in it.
rolling into a friend's car on a hill
because my ex found out that me and her dad are in a relationship
trying to s**t with a robe on.
chopping up 750k SHU chillies and touching myself. Subtitle: Wash Your Damn Hands - (but not why you think).
leaking oil out of a fry vat at the McDonald's I work at
breathing acid
So I posted Pumped Kicks on my story with the sticker ‘Issa vibe’, didn’t know the meaning behind that song until an hour later....
selling both of my boyfriend’s custom superbikes for less than £5000 when they’re actually worth 14 times that amount.
giving someone else's T.V. to a scammer
leaving a paint bucket I use for dog poop out and not exactly labeling it as such
drying my feet
trying to take some DayQuil pills.
sleeping through my friend’s birthday party
enlisting in the military
suggesting my mom a dog naming site, she wants to name the dog “Boomer” now
Sleeping In Class
drunkenly throwing up in front of the guy I like
realising I was being just an asshole at the gym
taking an edible when I knew I really shouldn’t have.
satisfying my Morbid Curiosity
not eating enough
I Roasted a girl I liked because she told me to
mourning the death of my mom.
By wankig it in
eating Taco Bell
Outsource Outbound Call Center services
farting while having a stomach bug.
fixing a Bluetooth problem for my mom.
becoming more famous on TikTok than I am on Reddit.
trying to get a fresh cut the day before a first date.
waking up my father... in a creepy way
Embarrassed my little brother and his tutor while learning
hitting a toddler in the head with a swing, TWICE
using my phone as a webcam for work
using acrylic paint on my face
trying to take a peaceful, spiderless shower and accidentally almost becoming a really terrible version of Thor
wearing a zippered romper and not making sure the other plumber left.
being covid positive and a type one diabetic (unfortunate for me but fun for you)
insinuating i could impregnate my lesbian sisters partner..
dying half my turkey orange
calling my wife porky
burning my dick while cooking naked
I almost burned down my workplace by cooking food in a microwave.
I accidentally let my parents find my Reddit account...
staying silent in a public restroom
drinking my own pee
forgetting a crucial step in my overnight feed drip
Staring At Females Butt
ignoring a gut feeling, triple-checking, then proceeding to begrudgingly and unsuspectingly leave the MicroSD contents of my New Nintendo 3DS XL unchecked while installing CFW.
accidentally watching the final episode of The Queen's Gambit first
looking at a trans vagina
looking like I stuffed my bra at dinner with my friend’s family
I jokingly called one of my friends a retard. Today she told me she has autism.
being nervous in class
Why does my post keep getting taken down?
ignoring my gym crush when she was trying to talk to me
accidentally flashing my IT support company
accidentally having a few King Cobras bite my Penis.
almost passing out multiple times
thinking that people have been talking about 5g masks
getting locked out of my car that was running
with the Swim of Shame
not muting my mic during virtual class
paying 750 dollars to have a plumber look at a leaking pipe on a house belonging to someone else
not having a good grip on my blanket and punching myself in the mouth
helping my neighbor's kid get data transferred
taking a plane to meet an online friend
TDIFU by coming way to home late without telling my parents and my messing this post up three times in a row
being the object of blame for airdropping swastika
putting my friends call on loudspeaker
Jinxing Myself and Smoking a Roach
teaching my daughter how I clean the fireplace
shoplifting
Looking at a Sales Rep’s pictures online before or scheduled Zoom Meeting.
blocking the Toilet pipe at my friends home with shit.
staring at a man with a dog
losing my credit card inside my wallet
trusting a fart after my boyfriend came in my ass
putting hand sanitizer on my nether regions and giving myself the biggest burn 🔥 of my life
scratching my Mom's brand new, very expensive refrigerator.
By not consulting academic advising on my last college course regarding my associates degree taking an emergency nature poo
having my mom throw out my tv and full wallet as a nice gesture :/
asking her to be my girlfriend
not taking out a pen from my pocket
drinking coffee for the first time in my life
kissing my best friend and not getting a date
Not Telling My Kids What a Bidet Was Before it Was Too Late (USA)
not knowing what a car cigarette lighter is
removing a temp tattoo
thinking my house was all electric
Dc
over buying an item, now i can't pay. Sad pepe
calling my teacher a masturbator
finding money
I encountered the greatest sex swindle in my life
telling a nice lady to f off
I saw a roach
slitting my wrist
going out late at night for some potato chips.
catching my roommate fuck his Teddy Bear
telling everyone on the conference call I need to use the restroom
breaking my grandma's earrings she got from her mother.
asking my teacher for help
Pulling my Boyfriend's Cheeks Like He's A Cute Anime Loli
fooling the drug dog.
not hiding my sex toys and my mum finding them and thinking I was gay (18M)
using nail clippers on my pearly penile papules
me and my friends having fun and watching cat sex instinct regrets
smoking weed with my grandma
trying to make my girlfriend's birthday just a little better
using the wrong tool for the job.
dosing cough syrup by eye
inadvertently making a racist comment at work
I played fortnite and regret it
yelling at a supermarket employee for mistaking him as a shopper hoarding toilet paper in a kart
SCOLDED ASSHOLE USING FUNKY ASSHOLE WASHING DEVICE IN HOTEL
accidentally talking politics thinking my mic was muted on a work meeting.
getting a card and chocolate for my wife. But I left both in the bag and forgot to give them to her.
Today I fucked up by parking in a reserved spot.
locking myself in the boiler room at work
not checking the license plate on my “Uber” before I got in. Cue attempted kidnapping.
eating baby sheep thinking lamb is another entirely different species.
closing the fridge door
Because of 105$
being poo shy with a new girl I've been dating.
teaching a dog how to sit on command.
accidentally dressing like the grim reaper while going for a walk
cutting 3 lb of fresno peppers without using gloves.
Deciding To Test The Elasticity Of My Pants At Work
literally pissing myself in bed
By getting blackout drunk and breaking my leg in two places on the first weekend of the semester
letting a coworker know that I saw her nude.
withdrawing money in front my high-functioning autistic son.
telling my boss I did something that I didn’t and now I can’t actually do it
fapping high in my parents house
not wearing a cup
showing ID
eating a wild bird egg.
taking a Doordash Order.
burning my girlfriends (now wife's) arm on our wedding day
burning my tongue and middle finger while making ganache
getting lost at my school
running into a table with a pencil in my hand
not pooping for 1 month.
trying to be fancy
pushing my fart out
not realising the source of the cat wee smell was me
unintentionally getting pregnant through artificial insemination.
swallowing mouthwash
screenshotting a meme at work
money please
losing my Nintendo Switch.
almost being naked in front of my mom.
trying to find a song I have no memories of
witch hunted an innocent couple for grooming over false allegations yikes
not being a weeb
The time my girlfriend locked me up outside, and to be honest was probably my fault. Maybe is a good story for "O homem que mordeu o Cao"
missing the opportunity for the pickup of a lifetime.
the shit accident I met when I was child
saying “Yes Mother” to my boss.
Nice
giving my mom fruit gummies
accidentally giving my friend access to a drive acc that contained yaoi
assuming the unpopular opinion mods would listen
submitting my university application with my mother's name because it was auto-filled based on my home address
writing in chalk on our driveway for my fiancees bridal shower
saying a common hispanic phrase.
fondling my classmate
shoveling an enchilada in my face hole before an interview
getting caught jacking off in the middle of breakfast
asking a disabled friend (has one hand) if he needed a hand
leaving my toothpaste inside my fridge.
sitting on the toilet brushing my teeth when my wife walked in.
sharing my views on religion to my fb wall..
simply whippersnipping the long grass.
dating a married and falling in love with no one to reach out to
almost getting my tongue piercing infected.
watching porn while working from home
telling a woman she’s going to have a cancer baby.
procrastinating doing the laundry
accidentally throwing my track jersey away...
forgetting I had an exam just as a date was starting
I Shouldn’t Have Stayed Married.
gassing into the bathtub after eating jalapenos for dinner
texting my son in the middle of the night.
well actually
Dare to Nair
trusting my bf's toaster
taking Adderall and falling asleep to music
helping my toddler almost choke on her hair tie
cheating on my wife and her finding out
NSFW- losing my post I typed out for twenty minutes
missing important details at my job too many times.
giving my buttcrack an ass-id bath.
trimming off a piece of my ball sack
getting a big wound on my foot before my vacation
GETTING DRUNK AND LOSING MY PASSPORT
discovering what Vanilla Bean body cream tastes like (ie. foreplay gone wrong)
telling my 14 yo stepson about a comment I made that received a very substantial amount of upvotes and he found the post.
ending up in emergency surgery to remove an 8cm ectopic pregnancy
I GOT MY FIRST BJ!!
asking a co-worker for her number
popping what I thought was a zit, but was really a fatty cyst
implying that I had fingered my gran; to my mum.
jamming a metal screw inside of my penis
taking my boyfriend’s proctored exam
insulting my in-laws religion
forgetting where I hid my crotchless lingerie
shouldn't have asked ...
Ad-Vert
rolling ontop of the kid I was meant to be babysitting
Forgetting A Bra scaring husband
letting my mom pack up my stuff to move. She found my vibrator.
vomiting out of a van window into an open drop top while we sat in traffic
Bbw
touching my girlfriend inappropriately on our first date
making enough lentil bolognese for two weeks
telling a female friend I like her...
making my instagram username the same as my password
throwing a literal bag of dicks down the wrong chute
clumsily tripping because of my new shoes that were too big down a small set of stairs.
using speech to text in a voicemail
making sure it wasn't a body
While Visiting DMV
LPT  having no sense of awareness
Trying to Kill Myself, Only to Wake Up Surrounded by Quarantined Corona Virus Patients
using Pledge on my kitchen floor
when i turned a good day into a bad one
telling a young couple to “have a good night”
getting on the wrong elevator and having secret service draw guns on me.
falling in love with my best friend
telling my Husband about a CamGirl
telling a female coworker she was "drippin rn"
accidentally poisoning my boyfriend
Today Nintendo Employee F**ked Up
I searched up NSFW content on my school account
scaring my brother
letting a semi truck roll backwards down a mountain while taking a leak?
doing too much cocaine and shitting myself
The time the campus had to change the admin password on every computer, because I claimed I did not hack the admin password.
making the U-Haul Lady think I was a serial killer
inhaling too much camp fuel
taking someone's order
and went into the ladies room
Eating too much bacon and causing my girlfriend to break up with me.
Police or nah?
forgetting my purse
shitting on a my GFs brothers friends shoulder
telling a friend I wanted to kiss her
Uh oh
trying to prevent one of my neighbors from bullying another.
getting caught sexcalling with my gf by my granddad
letting my boyfriend slap my ass which led him to slapping his balls by mistake.
restarting my laptop 30min before my Skype Interview
seeing my dad's porno searches.
dropping the bio waste at home
holding in some gas while using my water pik
pooping my pants onstage
showing my boss hardcore porn
signing a photo release form
letting my 12 year old brother engrave something in my Xbox.
buying a case of hard seltzer
downloading a crossword puzzle
googling “tits” in front of my mom
I found out that my grandma had been storing my old vibrator for years, and I accidentally showed my sister photos of me sucking dick.
taking stomach medication
trying to put in my crushes sweatshirt
Watching Gremlins with my kids
making my mom thinks I am into fart porn.
shouldn't be from several years ago.
By inviting my brother and his girlfriend to a vacation alongside me and my girlfriend.
using the girl's bathroom
pleasuring myself after having used red chili powder in cooking
thinking I was right about sending an angry email. I was totally wrong and was so for months.
Someone hacked my paypal
...by asking a girl out. She has a boyfriend.
eating too many spicy noodles.
r/ accidentally rejecting a girl
my ass eating my butt plug while I slept
Bought friend a Dildo, BF is Big Mad
having sex with a bowl of Mac and cheese
forgetting to mute myself on Zoom
drinking my own pee
LPT:  setting my recovery email’s recovery email as my main email
trying to high five someone
almost accidently cutting my achilles tendon and possibly never walking again
I shouted about cocks at a child
literally like right now)
touching a $40 million+ painting
stepping on a sandwich
having a good time with my crush
telling my surgeon my husband hit my surgical site
taking my boyfriend's car without having a license so i could help move props to where we're holding our school's play
taking 2 ambien
biting my dad’s nipple.
buy accidentally subscribing to this subreddit...
and almost got my friend shot dead.
accidentally disrespecting my cashier’s religion at Target
not texting and driving
writing erotic fiction and leaving it where my mother in law could find it.
dreaming about james may cooking eggs.
My mom found my stash of my hot anime boy drawings
shaving my asshole and then having diarrhea.
resetting a Pokémon Save File
wearing crocs into a forest fire
when I used explicits with a customer who clearly knows how to use Google Reviews.
calling my wife stupid
spraying my balls with bio freeze
The Day I Egregiously Fucked up at Macy's Birthday Party
Today I (21M) fucked up by telling the girl (23F) I like that she’s bad in bed.
having sex in public
breaking rule 7 of r/memes
for Buying a Broken Samsung Note 9
unknowingly starting a Hallway-Halloween war with my neighbor
Trying to Buy My Crush’s Love in the Third Grade
a first date by talking about the movie Bone Tomahawk
because my grandson loves the 'Operation' board game.
tagging along to a party uninvited.
drinking our contaminated tap water
indulging in my curiosity for biology and going down a hellish Google rabbit hole
accidentally letting my cats play with my cock ring.
accidentally tying the hairs in my ass crack together
not knowing what to call my girlfriend’s clothes
smelling my own ass*...
giving a grilled cheese sandwich to a vegan.
forgetting my ID after a hour and half drive.
giving two women two of my t-shirts.
inadvertently calling my wife a lazy piece of shit fat ass...
embarrassing my secretary while she was on her period
moaning on a recorder during my spanish class
snapping at my girlfriend for giving me a compliment
ruining cinnamon rolls for my mum
telling my friend to ask her crush if he was good at eating ass allowing my SO(21F) to use a Bluetooth controlled "Prostate Massager" on me(22M) (NSFW)
playing dungeons and dragons with my little sister
developing a fear of a lifetime
texting my ex bf trying to make between us in line again.
getting drunk and harassing my SO
having a photo slideshow for my desktop background
making my client spend 3k by accident
with flax
almost biking into oncoming traffic.
drunk texting my crush
I had sex with my best friends ex gf and now im getting accused of rape.
not texting my family about working overtime
breaking my nose because I didn’t want someone to spot my back squats
while peeling an apple
eating cookies with cat piss
trying to shitpost and ended up learning more about periods.
updating my phone while using the bathroom
UPDATE by giving some extra effort in the bedroom and sending my wife to hospital
crossing the married threshold
LAST NIGHT] by f*cking my boss.
almost dislocating my friend's shoulder
peeing in an alley
😆 about my friend's harassment
sending a snarky congrats card
awakening my dogs foot fetish
passing out at work and finding out I was “pregnant” for thirty minutes at the age of fifteen.
trying to wax my legs
giving my mom a panic attack.
finding out my online friend’s address
locking my car from the inside and then shutting the door
after my date found out about my other date.
involuntarily suggesting that I did inappropriate stuff in my office (NSFW)
farting into the window fan
Almost Cutting Off the Tip Of My Finger
trusting my step brother
pissing off my coach
Removing post aboutbhow bad is this sub is a dick move, mods
knocking my girlfriend’s nose ring out during sex
wearing airpods to sleep
To Nintendo Support Lonnie
telling a girl I’ve been seeing that I think she’s too concerned with appearance, told her goodbye, and then realized two minutes later my car had been towed from her apartment complex. Now I’m stuck at her place on the couch till morning.
nearly setting the kitchen at work on fire. TWICE
I jacked off to a old picture of my mom
telling my mom's boss that I am a pedophile
ranting about roommates dog WHILE HE'S HOME
going out drinking on a business trip
posting nudes online that my dads mates saw &amp; subsequently showed him his daughter having a wank
My pp is on fire
pulverizing my pinky by trying to get an angel to fly
letting my friend use the nail gun
eating a high fiber breakfast which resulted in a fart combusting while taking a dump
spending hours googling my symptoms
telling my gf to lose weight
flying home without my dog
trying to impress people at the gym
ruining my Christmas proposal
posting a joke s***post on Askreddit
posting in the same subreddit as my boyfriend...
talking to an (almost complete) stranger
not telling my parents I ruined my credit a while ago....
not checking my pizza before taking a bite.
Not washing under foreskin
wearing my kinky Dom/Sub necklace in front of my mother (NSFW)
Bending my FWB over and breaking her coccyx.
breaking my arm (maybe nsfw)
Tofu by leaving my pubes in a plastic bag and storing them in my closet.
mooning my boss
pranking predators on Omegle.
attempting to serve toilet justice
I comment on my sisters profile picture of her and some girl together and made some assumptions about her.
reading the about the girl who broke her boyfriends dick and then passing out on the bathroom floor
not listening out for gf’s mum during... *ahem* bible study.
walking my dog to the park
breaking condom while sleeping with a prostitute
Please - for all that's good and pure in the world, don't mix pills in one bottle
for locking me out of my moms phone
falsely claiming fraudulent activity on my card
meta] There should be a stickied comment on every post asking users to upvote/downvote said comment based on whether they think the post is true or a story. If the comment gets enough downvotes it should be automatically flagged for the mods.
Cut My Finger Yesterday And It Is Still Bleeding!
20 miles
getting pregnant
not checking on the meat defrosting in the fridge
missing English class during finals week.
having Snapchat
taking a zoom call in the bedroom
When is it acceptable to kick a guy in the balls?
losing a drunk girl in a parking garage for over 3 hours and convincing hundreds of people she was kidnapped
not refusing a married woman’s advances.
making a young girl think I was calling her gross
introducing a beautiful male guppy to a peaceful aquarium
hiding in my girlfriend's room when her strict Asian parents suddenly came home
accidentally streaming accidentally porn on twitch
drinking too many Bang energy drinks
yelling racial slurs in class
admitting what they call me.
pissing off a moderator that controls 280+ subreddits (this one too)
wearing tight fitted waist pants for couple decades
YIFU by (by extension) breaking my mother's snowman AND her refrigerator
giving a healthy living presentation to a bunch of teenagers
doing my job
watching my bosses sextape
buying flowers
checking for an oil leak
a teacher saw my friends bare ass cheeks as she peed in a urinal
becoming the subject of a fine work of art
making fun of my boyfriend’s dad’s drinking, only to remember he has cancer
wearing my 'collar' infront of my colleagues
Fanboyed out on one of my favorite drummers after the show: but it wasn’t him!
trying to wash a blender
spitting on someone during a GLOBAL PANDEMIC
my mom overheard me and my brother talking about Jimantha the sexy poop monster
forgetting I ate beetroot dipwhen I fell off my back doors.
being smart and stupid at the same time
telling my ex wife 'I Love You'.
blacking out in my truck
I sent a message and I deleted it really quickly but they saw it and now everyone knows I submitted an anonymous report
paying for plastic surgery with stanky dank money
wearing a pink thong during my jog (Im a dude)
forgetting how freaky I’d been (NSFW)
missing an exam
carving with hardwood, resulting in serious injury, being banned from knives, and giving my dog a taste for blood
admitting to my children I’m a drug addict
saying molest when I meant to say notify.
riding my bicycle to the fast food joint
scraping my knee trying to help my grandma.
almost killing my brother during a fight
recommending that my very religious aunt watched the tudors
probably making my stepsister thinking I was pervingn on her when she was taking a shower and I need to use the restroom

letting the dog out
declaring myself King R*tard to the whole company
finding a cell phone
deliriously disposing of cat feces out the window.
ruining my chances of a relationship
(figuratively) setting my skin on fire with an energy drink
breaking my best headphones
for saying my teacher lives in a slum during an online class
"Helping" My Cat Projectile Vomit
Dousing my Kitchen in Protein
trying to hook up with my grieving ex
accidentally feeding someone ants.
My secret just came out
letting a pet store worker think that I was starving my dog
accidentally showing College Freshman campus public sex spot
hiding under a blanket
buying lingerie and toys online, and having the confirmation email get sent to my mom by mistake. trying to adjust the shower curtain
getting an eco razor
not realizing I need 2000 quiz views in 1 hour to pass my marketing class – UPDATE
being homeless in 3 days
tricking me teacher on a school Google Meet... thrice
when having sex
dropping my friends with no backup friends in line.
my sister got engaged and I found out first from a friend who saw it posted on Facebook - I thought I was texting my friend back, but accidentally responded to an open text from my sister and told her that I f’ing hate the guy she is going to marry and I don’t want him in my family.
learning too much info about my favorite beverage
thinking about buying milk
abseiling down a building
making my cat cum
Tearing My Frenulum (banjo string of your penis)
TIFUpdate by not killing a wasp when I had the chance
playing porn through the Bluetooth speaker
using pussy to address a cat
blowing my nose
dropping an F bomb in class.
accidentally posting a sad shmammered snap story
asking girl for blowjob
pranking my teacher using a fake e-mail on my online class.
getting caught cheating on a zoom quiz
25M: Married and just got caught watching porn and masturbating
Today I fucked up by assuming my classmate were having personal problems and I sent her a long text as a way to "help". I was wrong.
going in too deep into reddit
letting my girlfriend shave my balls causing multiple fuckups
nutting on my friends toe NSFW
Accidentally Leading All Wedding Guests to Eat The Dessert Favors Before The End of The Wedding
For Being Alive
I accidentaly made my dog can't walk
when I sent my daughter a pic of me looking like I was recreating the recent horrific cop murder
snooping
calling my moms phone while I was having loud sex
showing porn to my sister
bathing with my own poo
not buying a bus
when I realized my Reddit profile picture was my boobs
having sex with GF as her little brother walked in.
finding drunk videos of me on my friends phone
texting due to load management I cannot go on a date, can we reschedule?
using uncle’s old golf balls for a round of golf...
A very literal shopping list
listening to the wrong people about engines
leaving out a popsicle (Repost)
trimming my pubes with a scissor
threatening to have someone deported
spilling milk on our rug and rug pad
Pretending to be on an aeroplane with a 4 year old and her being probably racist.
masterbating in the dark.
Car Trouble &amp; A Long Day using too much toilet paper and destroying a bunch of my sister's stuff
walking in on my parents having sex
d by bursting my boyfriend's eardrum
in Bugs in my hair
I fucked up with my dick out in front of the mother in law
Welcome to r/LifeProTips!
showing my friend my hentai collection.
accidentally losing my gag reflex
trying to be Spiderman, braking 2 bones and almost dying
using Dr. Teal’s Foot Cream as lube
my kidneys by drinking a can of diet soda and taking extra-strength ibuprofen (Advil) every day for 2 years.
farting twice during a call
calling my middle aged mom old
eating cat shit.
leaving out items from Bad Dragon for the movers to pack
Today I fucked up by introducing my tv to the virtual world
Unexpected Hospital Visit
Eating a 1/2 chicken sandwich followed by a full chicken sandwich and fries
stranding on the only rock in sight while snorkeling
trying to stop my friend from running away
scamming a pedophile and beastiality person online
sneaking around with a girl behind her fiance's back.
Dropped My New Phone Because I Was Focus on Food
pretending to be asleep.
taking a picture of my husband and my child
putting extra minty whitening toothpaste directly in my eyes
letting a lady undress in front of me
dropping my cum rag
being concerned for my health
Halloween Edition
having kindergarten pics on my phone
talking about my friends problems to his girlfriend.
breaking a kids arm
showing my therapist my dick over a zoom call
betraying my wife of 6 years.
bet a friend the Ny Jets win at least 1 game this season
using an iPhone shortcut on Siri
trying to drive over cinder block
Today I fucked Up, by uploading the answers from another exam
"cleaning" up a mess
trying to discreetly take pictures of my crush.
tripping over my dick
Tofu by almost cutting my finger tip off
drinking my store bought beer in a bar
hitting the jackpot at a casino
reminding my younger brother of childhood trauma
telling my sister I would help her out financially
sending a fucked up meme to my crush
making myself unwittingly look like a total stalker in front of a former love interest
calling my neighbour a mailman.
leaving the cinema without my shoes, again
crushing someone's motivation and enthusiasm
not deleting an old YouTube video.
buy responding to my wife asking what I want to do by saying IDK
not getting a big rig truck drivers insurance information after he rear ended me
Knocked friend out three times and turned him into a tank
kissing a girl
cooking with fish sauce
Testing
examining my poop too closely
accidentally making a chemical bomb and gassing myself
blaming my friend that he’s dating a “minor”
thinking I could cut a short hairstyle on my boyfriend with zero prior experience
forgetting to call in an order
Going To Practice Despite Stomach Pain and Ruining my Pants as Well as Damaging my Sports Career
telling my mom to turn right, which accidentally caused her to piss herself.
hiding my bosses death
accidentally overdosing on energy supplements
discovering the NSFW button
when drinking coffe
installing a Windows driver twice
asking my SO to frisk me
stealing from my school
Wet my pants in front of my boss
being a picky eater and not washing my hands after
I welcomed a new team member by saying "hmm"
putting oil in my dad's bicycle.
filing a missing persons report for my brother who was asleep upstairs
falsely convincing my grandma she had won £5 Million (£5,000,000)
signing up with RedditGifts with my lewd account.
accidentally leaving my sex toy in my niece’s bedroom
entering the wrong address into the GPS.
talking to suicidals
walking naked and erected in my place
By eating cheese and shitting my pants at work
calling my boss at 4am
cranking the wrong joke on a discord server
fishing my shit out of a toilet
wiring a solar kit
sleeping with my married coworker..
doing embarrassing sexy sex with the wife (NSFW b/c it is so sexy)
being kind to my puppy
telling my only friend about my depression
sleeping late into the day.
sending my classmate hentai. Now he probably thinks I'm a paedophile.
TIFI By “Making” Floor Food
making my issues worse
waking my dad up and almost getting stabbed
not having something to cum on
Asked boss if he had any balls
being properly, cringingly, racist
accidentally lying about having cancer
leaving a cubicle with a sh*t on the toilet seat.
sending my vag to the wrong person
knocking out my coworker
almost flooding my workplace
not masturbating for almost a month
rubbing some girls leg at the theatre.
trying to make friends with a homeless dude while drunk
exploring exhibitionism with the wrong camera app.
Badly timed reference
eating fried fish and ice cream for desert
I was just trying to clean quartz
getting into an argument with the most ghetto person I’ve seen on Facebook.
making brownies while high
Overpaid for a used car because I listened to the used car salesman
Accidentally exposed myself to a group of children telling my grandma my bf's line of work is rimjobs
I'm the asshole
not properly cooking bat for dinner.
I spilled a hydro flask while in bed and drunk and thought I peed myself
Going to a Barbershop and not knowing the hairstyle I was requesting
calling my wife an idiot
letting my FWB’s mother stay the weekend in my guest room without checking the guest dresser first
prospecting a client I had already prospected.
sending my vibrating butt plugs to a law firm
I sat on my balls
taking meds I don't believe in
Missing my first college class
By getting hate from instagrammers
letting my grades get this low
having a mimosa after nursing my newborn.
drinking tea for a month and almost drowning.
I lost a Hispanic elf.
accidentally keeping my mic on during online classes
electrocuting my cat
Caught smoking weed (super short)
getting arrested at my new job
accidentally punching an anti-masker at a mall!
asking my mom if she wished my grampa a happy fathers day
nearly gassing about 25 people, if not more...
because I mocked my gf for crying over spilled milk
trying to impress everyone with my tree-climbbing skills
breaking a Minecraft server
Urine period
not turning in a final exam
taking pictures of my private parts with my brother as a kid
Tossing my Glasses into a River
burning my balls with paint thinner NSFW
not knowing what "late" meant before a name
here’s every time I remember fucking up
interrupting my professor accidentally in a zoom class
not realising there's a better way to scroll through Reddit.
sending my boyfriend nudes
Covid-19
4-Day Ausangate &amp; Rainbow Hill Expedition
making a big mess in my local Vietnamese deli
locking my father out
playing a sport
getting together with my brother-in-law and making our assholes
saying aloha
banging my crushes roommate
when I accidentally shot my husband with a nail gun.
trying anal masturbation with a toothbrush
slapping the ass of a female stranger
buying cigarettes just from weird teeny moody thingy
wearing a mask incorrectly, and making my friend think I’m an anti-masker
I tried to make old paper but makeup flew everywhere
finally sleeping over with the girl I like and blocking her toilet
joking and ignoring people’s trauma
getting caught tugging my meat while in the GTA Strip Club
eating pizza before HIIT
eating lemon meringue pie.
not going to the bar with my girlfriend and asking my best friend to accompany her.
accidentally giving a random girl a FAT bumpat
trying to give a guy outside Chipotle a couple bucks for some food.
trying to act dominate in bed
MY HUSBAND'S SEXY PRESENT
watching my friends twitch stream under a fake account and her not knowing it’s me
opening incognito Chrome in a crowded store.
giving my new manager a ride to the bus stop
mistaking a random person’s dorm for the stairs at 1am
RIP AirPods
possibly flooding my friends vacation home
evolving into Homo sapiens
smoking weed and having my anti-drugs mom finding out and getting pissed.
trying to keep a crow as a pet
driving over the line at a pedestrian crosswalk and getting screamed at for it
because of a headache
drinking cologne liquid
RIP CALVES
falling in p*ss whilst on a date
being colourblind
trying to buy sex toys on Amazon.
Laundry to flames
wearing old jeans
drinking 32 ounces of chocolate milk
buying some Imodium AD and almost getting arrested.
giving my boyfriend a blowjob after doing a trick that makes your gag reflex disappear.
accidentally getting too horny
opening a moldy 4-month old sourdough starter
cumming in my mom's bed
saying the wrong word in my U.S. History live class.
HEY KIDS I HAVE CANDY IN MY BACK POCKET IF YOU WANT SOME. COME GRAB IT
baking a pizza INTO the oven.
Michael Scott almost ruined sex for me
Physical for a fire department
because I thought school
Googling an old friends name and learning something grim about him
TIFD by introducing someone to Mean Girls
Petition
not double-checking a form before hitting submit
being too versatile at work.
blasting my snore sounds to a whole party.
I should have tell my bf that I had a sex friend
driving 1045km to 'Vienna' to see the canals and ride those fancy little romantic boats with my girlfriend. Turns out I confused Vienna with Venice
tipping my postmates driver more than I meant to in cash
almost "adulting" my cousin
having a orgasm while getting waxed
pretending to know what a word meant
giving hope to a homeless woman and losing my healthcare because of it.
leaving work 5 minutes early.
not listening to my body's mighty need to go to the bathroom
trying new parfume method
doing my god-damned job and stranding someone
eating my girlfriend's tights
relieving natures call whilst on a meeting
ignoring a rash on my arms for months thinking they was just an irritation bumps from wirking in sawdust.
letting the dogs out
telling my teacher my boyfriend likes to be choked
faking my sick leave, got caught by my boss and got suspended for 10 days
accidentally calling one of my close friends the f-slur
When I realized I’ve BeenPoisoning Myself With Black Mold
doxxing a stranger in Brawl Stars.
having an asthma attack in the middle of the plague
calling a mentally challenged person a retard
slapping the wrong ass
chewing on my nails
using google translate and ruining the relationship with my crush
making my boyfriend think I was a crazy stalker
trying the chocolate poop prank on my daughter
wearing roller skates in the bathroom
taking too big of a poop
Mistaking Fresh Apple Slice Textures for McDonalds Apple Slice Textures
accidentally getting febreeze in my eyes while attempting to kill an earwig
: using my teeth to cut the top off of the clogged nozzle... for a bottle of super strength glue.
telling a car salesman I was going to blow him
and I can’t even say why.
finding out the only thing in a TV show that is worse than your favorite character getting killed off...
releasing my wrath on the wrong person
kissing one of my best friends not reading the questions on my test carefully
showing my mom pictures of me and my husband's private parts.
having a bath when I had a migraine
because I found out the escort was underage
accidentally revealing too much about my sex life to my coworkers
not knowing what a panic attack sounds like
and dumped fire ants on my head
putting my dildo on the shower screen
telling someone they should get spanked.
using a free trial version of an app
throwing away a $100 bill into a Dumpster
proving to my friend that the government eavesdrops on us.
Accidentally used body wash as moisturizer
drinking earwigs
almost royally F'd up) by leaving a metal spoon in the microwave
not double checking my cover letter
not listening to my father
believing the "low clearance" sign.
helping my brother
and and citric acid and burnt my tongue
Losing my balls?
accepting a package for my neighbor
helping out a guy who just got mugged. (lending money to a guy in need: don't do it).
Testing How Strong My Phone Case Is
boarding the wrong train and accidentally travelling to another country
just having a rough morning
(maybe?) streaming weird porn to a random TV in my house.
failing my drivers test...
using an in office teeth whitening service called Zoom
Free robux
sending my condolences to my high school ex
Submitting the Wrong Quiz Document
thinking I could drink water
writing "Butthead" on my shower wall and terrifying mynwife
forgetting my Zoom mic was on and farting loudly during class 😳 (I’m a girl, this was extra embarrassing)
When I fell asleep with nut on me and my mom woke me up in the morning
wanting pictures of our cat...
not ever looking at my kittens backside.
Joining a Twitter Giveaway
Using The Wrong Gas
not noticing my student didn't have legs.
fixing my door.
running from a fart
just like Kaguya sama
teaching my almost 2 years correct body anatomy
for not fixing my glasses
friendzoning a monster
at being a father
reading one of these stories in the lounge room
walking into my girlfriend's parents bedroom naked.
taking LSD and going to work
losing most of my penis in an accident with a belt sander.
Gassing my Manager
shoplifting bc im an idiot
but not paying attention
giving my clit rug burn
secksy secks
letting my sister keep my car while I was in severe pain.
being a decent human being.
I snapped my banjo string!
telling my favourite Youtuber i like him
and ate my housemate’s ham without asking
posting a video of me vaping in a family WhatsApp group and having my grandma think I was smoking heroin.
I yeeted a fourwheeler off a jump with no safe landing possible
accidentally soliciting a prostitute (I'm an ethics professor)
making spicy food with my ex gf
accidentally sending a weird position nude to all my friends and family.
forgetting Black Friday is for Christmas gifts and ruining Thanksgiving
lifting my backpack
having diarrhea in the upstairs bathroom
i need to move in science
getting stranded in Washington D.C. as a freshman
I missed an exam today
eating the wrong brand of noodles
not confessing to my crush
running from the cops.
having friends over for drinks
taking a swim on a cool summer night
wearing my glasses while sleeping and ending up in the ER
greeting my brother's fiancée with my morning snake.
driving through a construction site
shouting at my interviewer "Fuck you" and then showing him a middle finger.
being scares very of person inside shop
not understanding numbers
eating too much ice cream the night before a date
cleaning my shitty arse in a blocked shower, leaving my new gf to discover a shower of shite
taking a large amount of vyvanse and staying up all night beating off with FUCKING DOVE CONDITIONER
throwing a granola bar at my 1 year old and then told my wife about it
being excited for a job offer.
I found one of my best friends in Onlyfans
washing my boyfriend
masturbating at 1 am
Submerged my hand in boiling water because I wasn’t paying attention
drinking too much apple juice
My sister wanted something done I didn't agree with. Now our relationship is over.
trying to pet my dog in my sleep
going to my sons 4th grade conference
sniffing my vagina on a work Zoom call
TIFI by probably getting my friend fired.
tricking my friend into getting drunk at my party
petting my boyfriend's step-dad
drunkenly trying to throw out a tenant at 2:00am.
playing with my cat.
drinking too much
Milked everywhere during online class.Milked everywhere during online class
Doing 3 tabs of LSD
trying to show my mum a video only for hentai to play
cleaning out my nose-hair trimmer
With Bluetooth Speakers
grabbing a bunch of pricks to break my fall.
interpreting the word ‘Catholic’ as someone who is addicted to cats, as opposed to a religion.
using cheese dough as a fleshlight
I broke my little toe for the umpteenth time
signing in with the meeting password
drinking ladybug-infused cappucino for a whole week.
saying my Dad used Viagra
getting my fingernail caught in my zipper and ripping part of my fingernail
possibly poisoning myself
congratulating my neighbor for having a baby
I will teach you how to be fuckin rich
clogging the toilet. NSFW
not questioning my family's food choices
exercising
Giving Mom a Wrong Phone Number and Made Her Feel Embarrassed After She Texted the Stranger about a Dead Dog
being born into the world.
tagging a friend’s ex and current gf in the same story
trying to yell a compliment to a former coworker and ended up insulting his girlfriend as I drove by.
steaming green beans
trying to be helpful but unintentionally scaring a lady
unintentionally getting high for the first time
lazily watching porn and not finding out what I was getting into before watching
throwing ketchup at a woman on public transit
getting a bit too hard
inserting my abortion opinion into this feminzai’s FB status.
I closed the curtains
The Fart to End All Farts
I fucked a cola bottle.
pointing out a songs meaning
watching Nazi related videos
putting hot sauce on my dick
forgetting a punch line
convincing my friends to get Tinder.
waking myself out of a lucid dream
dropping acid at work
Lactose is my Kryptonite
falling into a river while walking on some rocks.
opening the door too soon and allowing my dad to smell the hash
forgetting I bought floor seats to the Eagles
Killing a Kitten
smearing carolina reaper in my piercing hole.
spoiling ATLA for my niece
having a threesome with a stranger
sending nudes to a stranger, HELP!!
Brushing My Teeth On The Toilet
spitting
letting my sister see a penis
Reading Old DMs as I Deleted Them - and Realizing I’m the Problem
forgetting to mute myself
posting photoshopped and unedited photo at the same time
getting scared of my own face
hearing my sister talk about how she learned to masturbate.
not muting the right microphone
making butter chicken with an extra ingredient soap!!!!!!
Japanese language classes in Pune
buying the wrong Processor
wearing shorts from a outfit I created that was Harley Quinn inspired.
Small  not checking prices before buying.
bidding for a painting as a joke, then winning it
putting my phone number into some sketchy websites
taking out my phone in front of teachers
I dropped my laptop on my face
snappchatting a link to hentai by accident to a group chat. (mildly nsfw)
with a major WebEx fail
telling a coworker about a short fling I had with a manager from a different department 9 months ago.
trusting my best friend
spilling hot coffee on my dick
stabbing my GF in the eye with a birthday hat
Today I fucked up buy screaming fuck in the lunch room.
after outing my dad's balding in front of practical stranger
watching a guy on Reddit stack Jenga blocks.
not checking my paycheck for 2 years and missing out on $3k
crying from a random cramp in my leg during sex
farting on my dog causing her to throw up on my bed
getting in my car
not thinking before purchasing googly eyes on amazon
answering the question "how many grams are in an ounce" too quickly.
buying land I don't want
not using the scroll wheel
I hot glued my butt cheeks together
PAYING IT FORWARD BY MISTAKE IN A BIG WAY!
being a big rdr2 fan.
destroying my Laptop
not using my financial leverage to save my family (very long)
I took too long to adopt a cat.
when I strained my neck going to the restroom
Today I fucked up by not knowing my GF's Habits
remembering the fart to crown all farts
linking my $100 visa giftcard to the wrong PayPal
acting like I work When I don't.
letting my kid have differently sized "Woody" from Toy Story dolls (NSFW)
thinking I could cut my own hair.
being brainless and not making sure the laboratory gas valve is shut off, resulting in a mortifying 9PM call to campus security.
widdling on my toothbrush
when I went through the swamp
I forgot how to do basic math......
ignoring possible flirting.
Accidentally GoodReads stalked my hot co-worker and his brother
eating lettuce.
playing fetch with my dog
complaining about a class
blowing my nose after pooping. NSFW just in case
checking a girl’s snap map location while talking to her
eating delicious plums as a healthy snack before hooking up for a date
Bozuk Kaçak Akım Rolesinin Zararları – Evinizdeki Elektriğin Güvenli Olması Çok Önemli
not using the correct PPE while torturing a small enemy insurgent.
not clocking in
reporting getting my Boss for (consensual) sexual harassment
Told an ESL student to read the book (which is in English)...
taking my 18yr old 1st cousins virginity 😖
ruining a friendship I valued so much
Still annoyed at myself over this
accidentally mooning my gf’s entire family on Mother’s Day
adjusting the thermostat during sex
Well, Part of Me Did, Anyway
watering my bed
sending a mortifying text to me dad
drinking and driving
yelling at my classmate
taking two laxatives at once
"outing" a homophobic colleague
accidentally flashing my female neighbor
ruining the company Christmas party
paying a scammer $500
getting on a Zoom call with my friends before an interview
booking the wrong flight home
Not Deleting Messages Sent To Me
picking paprika
slamming into a streetlamp
BIG TIME) by leaving my phone paired with my little brother’s Bluetooth speaker
not checking my underwear and getting chemical burns on my balls
my back by thinking I could carry 20kgs.
breaking a dozen of bottles at the bar
trying to be nice and packed a bowl for my boyfriend
going to a nude beach and giving my partner head at my friend's house (NSFW)
listen to cardi b and everyone could hear it
being disabled
shouting to my son from across the house that I'd help him with his Lego X-wing. Except I said "X-rares" instead, which is a hardcore porn site I like.
realizing I can open a phone with my face
having my bestfriend sleep over
joking about suicide in front of my teacher and ending up in an ambulance to the ER
asking a group of women to come hang out over at my friend's place
loosing internet in a random chat with someone I realy felt a good connection with in a long time
becoming a cult leader in secondary school and getting expelled
going to dinner and a movie and trusting my gut
agreeing to suck a Neo-Nazi's Micro-Penis
making my boyfriend vomit for a bj.
being fueled entirely by tea.
I screamed “Hey Bitch” towards a group of random people on the beach and I regret it
on Reddit
taking my nightly 5MG of melatonin in the morning Instead of my regular pill
I’m probably in the dog house
making my cat a poop knife
not listening to my (now ex) girlfriend
getting a hair wrapped around the head of my penis, which caused painful erections for days and have to have a doctor cut it off.
turning myself into a shit demon
telling my sister about a photo
taking my little sister to see Hereditary
trying to warm my room up for 'fun time'
getting too friendly with an online stranger
getting weird notifications on my phone because I left it unguarded
telling my boss to give her son a blowjob in a team meeting
and did not expect to get this far
playing the Sims 4 Wicked Whims with an open window
flushing my mom’s expensive gold ring down the toilet
being good at Among
pretending to be racist, sexist and homophobic to get a job.
shitting myself in class just to talk
I tried F*ck my best friends mom
dislocating my childs elbow
accidentally “kidnapping” a kid.
ending up drunk and saved by paramedics
letting my girlfriend play with equipment at my job.
making tea
not getting a spare key and then locking myself out of my car
asking my boyfriend's mom to eat my a**
doing the survey on the receipt from jack in the box.
almost electrocuted myself to death
breaking into my neighbors house while they were still home.
getting caught by my girlfriend's mother
showing my doctor a photo of my yeast infection and her realizing I peg older men.
making janky snow shoes
at my bosses daughters wedding and became “shrimp boy” amongst my peers
throwing a surprise party for my boyfriend
not paying attention to keys
Life is a beach 🛻
listening to music on Spotify
telling my teacher I had an urinal infextion
I lost my wallet with over a thousand USD in it, and my phone which also costs around 1000 USD
masturbating with sparkly rainbow slime
all of my senior management learning about my immaturity
eating too much KFC
My cousin(24m) fucked up by introducing us to his girlfriend
shooting my mouth
telling some guy what he was getting for Christmas
getting banned on reddit
having a cyberpunk in-game advertisement on my screen when my mom stopped over leading her to believe she walked into a masturbation session.
almost causing a landslide
running into first base
for pissing myself in front of a classroom and confiding in a teacher
exposing my naked ass to the world.
biting my nails
showing an entire class shitty sfm sonic porn
having sex on a brand new bed.
using shampoo instead of body wash in my bath
pepper bombing myself
asking a customer's kid to say "please"
typing twat instead of test on a calendar invite to CIO
hiding all my weed stuff in my bra / knicker drawer while the maintenance man was due to be coming round
Everyday IFU by weighing myself every time i go back into the office after going to the bathroom.
I checked in someone’s dead dog for boarding on accident :)
using bleach as toothpaste
having sex with my boyfriend in his car on private property (nsfw).
not protecting my thumb while teaching Tae Kwon Do
buying fake speakers from two guys in a van in the parking lot of a Walmart.
Taking my way too drunk husband to Macaroni Grill
having sex with my daughter
being honest with a girl that I wanted us to have sex
shitting myself while driving
comparing my gf to a semi truck
taking the wrapper off too quickly
telling my friend that I believed that things happened for a reason
sending a sweary left wing video into my conservative church's groupchat.
doing the sexy sex with my very sexy sexual partner
getting banned from r/funny for posting something funny (to me)
because my gf’s brother (who hates me) brought his brand new Peugeot scooter to sixth form and I took it for a test drive...
rickrolling myself
saying make love to kindergarten kids
after my date found out about another date
googling, “most comfortable mattress”
but do I let it go or keep fighting for him
launching my dog
Falling Asleep w Headphones in One Ear
calling a girl who liked me with the wrong name
not paying attention to the ladder
failing the driving test for the third time and can no longer get a license until half of a year passed
nearly blinding my future mother-in-law
Insulting my tattoo artist
making an amputee joke to a girl missing limbs.
I was convinced i had a brain tumour
going onto /r/
wearing a septum ring to a rock concert.
drinking cat wee thinking it was yoghurt
today I learned my crush is gay
adding a letter to a word
having a crappy evening
forgetting bed frame screws in a UHaul
asking for a d*ck pic
causing my mom to think that I’m a heroin addict
accidentally saying “I love you” to my friend and then saying “No I don’t” and hanging up on her.
getting a boner in the bath not noticing that it was my GF's birthday
watching an Harry Potter movie
Leaving a pressure cooker unattended ... pics included ...
Not my fuckup, but my sister txted me this gem.
sharing nudes to internet strangers while being a minor
telling my crush that i don't like and understand girls,she might've actually liked me until that point FML
ruining my reputation
being 16 and smoking weed that mixed with my bipolar medication
flooding my house when my parents went out
trusting my only friend who is also my crush
reading a about scratching balls, and then scratching my balls
playing OTT chess (over the toilet)
Shaving our heads led to canceled school trip to auschwits
my internship application by being dumb and not reading the instructions carefully
I (29F) incorrectly thought my BF (31M) was cheating, and I ruined everything
and elbowed my wife multiple times
leaving my door a crack open
sending a picture of me in the bath to a potential landlord.
opening a 5 year old wine made with hot chili peppers
telling my vice principal that Jizz meant cool
taking 2 caffeine pills
because son is too honest for Mother’s Day
accidentally calling my half black nephew my monkey
using the wrong file extension when transferring music to iTunes
washing my hands after using the bathroom.
Tinder miscommunication
sliding and falling on wet grass during band camp NSFW
Got a little drunk
not doing a background check
shitting on the floor
Lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala
letting someone anonymous download my nudes
breaking my tooth brush and sink
giving my seat to a pregnant woman
accidentally forgot to throw the condom away
Pointing out fresh tattoos to my new girlfriend.
jokingly asking some random kid "Bruh, why you got your grandpa's cane?"
suggesting my friend take a photo with her dead cat.
saying, oozing with sarcasm, "Yes, my shoe built a bomb" to a TSA agent.
changing my relationship status to "It's complicated" on Facebook
letting my girlfriend me some head and not retracting my foreskin, not even once in my entire life
flipping off my coworker
Jetskiing as a First Date
when a 1 1/2yo played with my dick and my mum walked in.
shaving half my eyebrow off
Tips For Easy DIY Face Masks Or Homemade Face Packs
joking around with my friends
trying to kayak and a loony windstorm tried to take me out
drinking a coffee and it made me stay up 24 hours...
not realizing my laptop was too hot, and burning something
pissing on myself and my face
got beaten up by 3 guys in front of my house because his girlfriend cheated on him with me
not yielding properly.
having an imaginary diary
yelling Dick in the mall
trying to get feet pics out of Asian girls.
bringing my long time crush to a dimly lit restaurant.
falling for FBI Call Scam
messing with the Minecraft mafia
making a black cab driver cry by talking about COVID-19
checking if a door was locked
forgetting a Director at work locked intentionally in the server room
proudly proclaiming that I’m good at following deadlines
macing my girlfriend (and myself). not fully reading the label
attempting to dirty talk during sex (NSFW)
telling my kid about strangers
breaking my hand during an argument with me girlfriend.
Accidentally Opened My Neighbor's Package
I went to the WC and there was water on the front of it.
pulling a muscle.
Forgot to plug in my headphones before watching porn
Ugly Christmas Sweater?
suggesting breakfast
unknowingly sexting my parents
poisoning my moms plants
misunderstanding the word free for three.
letting wine breathe
getting a $70 parking ticket
revealing to my daughter that Santa isn't real
Sent a creepy drunk text
Not Knowing What a Virgin Was
saying "hey look it's your boyfriend!" commenting “first like” on my friends Facebook status.
taking Advil on an empty stomach
walking up the stairs and dislocating my shoulder.
sneezing on my coworker
going to a bar over the weekend in the midst of corona
unintentionally swearing in my PE zoom meeting
Shamed by my Sarcasm
not knowing how to make out
getting into a bad bike crash
forgetting it was Memorial Day and taking the day off when I would have gotten paid overtime...
being lazy and deciding to use a condom
Drinking Milk and Ending up in the Cardiology Unit
Heating my home.
lighting a fire inside my plastic garbage can
discovering my low tolerance for alcohol.
but gluing my vagina shut
walking into a tatto studio owned by nazis
shattering a lightbulb
opening my gf twitter account on my Mac
sending a wrong audio to a customer
downloading money heist in Spanish
being sexual when I didn’t mean to
having my dad find my receipt
taking letting my cat into the hallway outside of our apartment
(NSFW)  accidentally showing the computer repairman (preview of) my self made sex tapes in front of my SO
nutting on my dogs head.
trying to use positive reinforcement on my cat
sending a risky snap to the wrong persoon
telling my girlfriend I don't want her to cane whit me at party parties
saluting my veteran neighbor
Exposing my teacher during my presentation
Getting Scammed
one letter
being terrified to order an expensive item
Wearing my first condom
drinking lots of Lemon Water
Yep... Insane Step Sis
almost killing myself with my vibrator
drinking nearly a Litre of apple juice on an empty stomach.
in zoom class
telling a professor their studio sucked
not paying attention and stripping in front of my Zoom class
sending a text meant for mother, to my boss.
So my brother is on ℙℍ
The wrong anti-itch cream.
showing my grandma nudes of myself.
finding out 4 weeks ago I posted cringe and it ended up on r/iamverybadass
roasting a coworker going through a divorce.
getting a spray tan
telling a liquor store clerk I was underage.
leaving out sex toys before a Landlord apartment inspection
not cleaning my face properly after my boyfriend finished on my face before having dinner with his parents.
Support my friends Education Dream
Sexting the wrong girl for a week.... what could possibly go wrong
calling something gay
flirting with a “milf” coworker
Saying “Deez Nuts”
not checking the oven
telling my sons father (ex) i was going out tonight
seeing an escort over a year ago who is now my new boss at my workplace
being at the wrong place at the wrong time
playing David Allan Coe at work
quitting when I was set to be promoted in the pandemic.
dumping hot tea on myself.
accidentally roasting my TEACHER over the phone instead of my cousin.
screenshotting an emergency warning in Japanese and forwarding it to a friend for translation.
Today I fucked up getting a flu shot
fucked up my teenager life.
telling my dad I didn't respect him
extremely offending my GF
not taking my change
Just returned home from vacation and realized I left all of my weed at the rental home
walking in on my mom without knocking while she was masturbating
telling a girl with 1 leg that I would break her ankles (in basketball)
making a mess of a freshly polished car.
going to the bathroom and a zoom meeting at the same time
reading my toddler a childrens book on loss.
texting while biking
Today I fucked up by stabbing my hand...
attempting NaNoWriMo with 60 hours of November left
letting my son hit on my coworker
realizing i self-invited myself to a wedding.
not recognizing Reddit co-founder and having him take a photo of me and Serena Williams
pooping in the woods.
cussing at a caller while they were still on the line
drinking red cherry alcohol before getting supplies
when I sent my daughter a pic of me looking like I was kneeling on my friend
deactivating a cam set to monitor me and then asking my parents if it works
unknowingly getting a hate/prison tattoo across my chest
Tiger Balm Tears
not pooping for a week
being hungry and almost getting murdered
having an opinion on Reddit. Downvote army is out in force.
sending my boyfriend a nude
Paying my Taxes
Tried to keep up with a lurcher
dipping my hand in fryer grease
sleeping with the sister of a girl who has a crush on me
kayaking in shorts
pushing in a sonar backup sensor on a Lincoln
because i proposed a threesome to my boyfriend
getting admitted to the hospital with accute constipation after eating 1kg of noodles
cumming in my own eye ramming into a pole and needing stiches
joining a “blessing loom”
letting my horny-ness get in the way of my chances of getting a Ps5
Left money on the table and booked it
My girlfriend saw something on my phone
not knowing enough about the anatomy of my dog
trying to use a minor's parents as my wingmen
watching a porno with my wife's dopplegangher.
accidentally being a communist
Rail Lines In The World
sending my ex a message not intended for her
fucking myself (literally)
“I wasn’t asleep, I turned off the TV because i panicked.”
trying to talk about an issue instead of just ignoring.
getting blackout drunk and making out with my step-cousin in front of my uncle
LOCK-DOWN LOCK-DOWN LOCK-DOWN
Son is too honest for Mother’s Day
buying condoms in front of my dad’s friend.
smth
pooping my pants in public.
I cheated on an exam online while in quarantine. I was convoked to a meeting with my teacher. I may lose my diploma if they find out. Help.
telling a man in a wheelchair to have a seat
practising extremely poor cock hygiene for years.
eating my brand new wireless earbuds
Public intoxication, resisting arrest, eluding police, indecent exposure.... in that order.
getting arrested in front of my entire school
letting my friend try LSD
stinking up a room in a hospital
forgetting how long my president has been in office and posting it on social media
using girlfriend’s stoma for sex, sending her to surgery
starting a karma war with my girlfriend.
cutting a corn on my toe
using the women’s bathroom in the airport
confusing a gay guy with another gay guy.
also smoking a pipe with questionable critters in it
breaking my friend’s nose with a full beer can
trying to hang myself
ending an email in a rather unprofessional way
Accepting A Confession From Someone I Don't Know
drunkenly telling one of my coworkers that another coworker likes him
Pretty sure a man thinks I'm racist because I didn't see him on the bus
at the Gynecologist
looking like I was going to pounce on some tweens
I sent nudes &amp; now I’m being blackmailed for money
epilating my vag
Mispelling a Word during a Presentation
https://www.bubgeabod.com/2020/12/president-elect-joe-biden-announces.html
Not Thinking About Deleting My Friend's Accidental Drunken Nude
yelling "sieg heil" in my backyard
giving my classmate my reddit username that has very questionable content.
working on a Saturday
farting in front of the whole class in a presentation
not recognising a co worker
not knowing how to properly shower
hooking up with a neo-Nazi
telling my crush, who liked me back, that I wasnt fit for a relation ship
ate two large meals one bigger and unhealthier than the last while on a strict diet!
my scraping my mothers car on a $200,000 car
accidentally downloading porn to my dad's computer
throwing luggage at my Stage Manager
walking in on my naked-from-the-waste-down cousin
Maybe Getting My Dad In Prison Again
potty slamming my kid
asking about someone's "jewish" name in fb and got a 24h ban
Breaking Wind whilst Cumming
scrolling reddit, reading the word "incel" and looking up the definition.
calling a work associate Lionel Richie several times
buying lunch for some random homeless people
burning my lips off with lysol
My teacher heard me saying something about uncomfortable erections
switching audio devices without knowing it in a zoom class.
ordering two of the same pizzas for a customer instead of one.
looking like an alcoholic
Drunk dialing in 2020
leaving my sextoy unguarded
making a joke and jinxing something bad bricking my phone.
searching for images of fake gucci branding
sharing the wrong meme on fb
I just farted in front on my SO, lit a match to kill the smell, it broke and caught our couch on fire. Am I going to Hell?
trying to protect me friends.
not making reservations for Thanksgiving dinner
ordering pizza from Mississippi
underestimating the rash on my chest and getting sent to the ER for rapidly spreading Cellulitis
removing Bluetooth from my laptop permanently by accident
doing laundry. Nsfw
jokingly imitating a guy with cerebral palsy
deciding to sprint around the block while feeling dizzy
riding my bike down a hill, crashing and breaking my elbow and foot
accidentally calling gay people gross
trusting a co-worker
showing a picture of a cute baby piglet whilst my animal obsessed 6 year old sister eats a ham sandwich and now she doesn’t want to eat meat.
not checking if my family is actually asleep NSFW
quitting my job, moving back to germany and not marry the love of my life
losing 5000 euros to a scammer.
spraying my new deodorant all over myself after my shower.
My washer walks on the floorSpent 200 dollars on REDDIT
going paintballing
letting my emotions overcome me because of someone who bullied me all throughout school made an irreversible mistake.
be selling my step daughter’s used underwear on the Internet
Djokovic will be posting here now
trusting the weatherman
ruining my life and health through a mix of clumsiness, bad luck, and general dumbassery
visiting r/196
attracting bears to my cabin in a very cityboy-way
pissing my pants on the first day of in person high school
getting caught shredding my anus
Cried wolf by ringing an emergency bell
A Corgi tail.
throwing a grenade at my aunt
ranting how on earth another colleague could have guessed my Reddit username..
training new puppy to respond to roaring
losing my virginity
sitting in an old chair
not getting the right balance.
getting banned from r/jokes for explaining humor
going hiking and almost having to call the fire department
getting caught sneaking in to see my Girlfriend
texting “Pelosi can suck a bag of dicks” to 100+ of my coworkers including the Executive Director and my department head.
sleepwalking for the first time in a stranger's place of residence
and I don't know what I did
having sex sick as a dog
losing my virginity to my sister's ex even though I'm a lesbian...
having balls of steel -- in a militarized zone
Trying to be a sugar baby
buying a $7 egg.
feeding $90 worth of my BF's Truffle Butter to his dog...
having sex with my wife.
How do any of you guys find opportunities to hook up with girls?
asking my crush whether she thought I was gay (I'm straight)
shouting an anime reference
fucking someone other than my wife for the first time in 9 years without a condom.
trying to help a student.
asking my husband about Pokemon
moaning my ex’s name while having sex with my boyfriend
posting an incomplete post
getting a new timer for my Christmas lights
I hacked my school grades
accidentally sleeping with my Step Mom.
losing my phone and getting picked up by campus police
Sex related fuck ups should be put on another new subreddit for nsfw
putting a plaster on my penis.
sending my boss an attractive picture of a BTS member
caused excess hair growth on my eyebrows by experimenting with castor oil, ruined my naturally shaped eyebrows
walking in on my vegan stepsister sleeping with my brother and eating bacon while getting arrested
calling to kick my roommate out
doing it on my car
hurting a co-workers ego
not realizing the song I've loved for years and played for solo ensemble has a bitter past
throwing away my student's muffins and lying about it because I'm an a-hole.
taking PCP, wanting to experiment with guys, and inviting a catfish over from grindr
not remembering my teacher's face.
defacing someones shoe
pooping in the river
the night of a KFC employee
buying too many mushrooms
showing my junk to all of my friends
calling my neighbor's girlfriend by another woman's name
assuming my fiancée could change printer ink
turning left at a green light too soon without even considering the people on the other side of the light. Luckily, there was no wreck, but we were very, VERY close to one.
sneezing on the toilet
throwing up on my crush and myself in an Uber
not knowing how to tie my shoes for 10 years.
making my webgame one of the most disliked in Russia
taking a new vitamin supplement for the first time and then meeting with a customer in their home.
not realizing I was still off mute in class
trying out an internet fad
eating sugar free mints
venting about my boss when she could hear me.
asking my P.E teacher to do a pushup
Said ok boomer to my neighbor
by starting an Omegle relationship
not going in for a opening shift my coworker asked me to take the night previous.
and blew a chance to get my dream job
playing Elton John for my family
trying to do homework at night and now probably failing all my courses
producing pepper spray in my kitchen
Woke up to smell of gas and thought nothing of it, turned out we got robbed
Thinking I had the office all to myself (SFW)
‘setting’ my dog on a cat in front of a small child
thinking I finally found my soulmate
giving my coworker a massage
accepting a job I'm definitely not qualified for
fingering myself after eating hot wings... 😩😂
and made an entire tween girl’s hockey team lose their appetite
Shitter's full! Phone is gone!
for telling my friend that I liked a friend
unlocking my phone in front of my mum
Christmas FU
Standardized Tests and College Admission Survey
drinking sewage.
assuming I knew what a smell was
eating mexican food
peeing on my bathroom floor
being a jerk to my friend over a YouTube railfan video editing.
shaving my nipple in the dark
doing a Google search at work
erasing all the files from my computer.
leaving my pants in my bed with mice around
driving on a flat tire
throwing away $400 worth of shirts my dad queued up 5 hours for
getting a blood test
buying something for my dad.
I lost the seed of my cryptocurrency wallet
rupturing a kidney on a church trip.
making a new hire cry
having several small seizures before trying to drive home
buttdialing my dad lesbian scissor porn
going to a drive-thru in only my underwear and a cropped tank top. I get home and my door will not unlock. The door jam is stuck.
staring people in the eyes, rubbing my thumb and forefinger together and saying "fecaI matter"
Today(or rather a few days ago) I f*cked up
TDIFU by not researching when testicle was in severe pain
getting a better job.
Multiple Painful Experiences occurring Back-To-Back due to my dumbassery.
I touched my cousin while she was asleep and I feel horrible
pressing the power button on my friend's laptop
using the same phone as my brother and saving phone numbers of teachers in the phone
using /S and humor with someone that was uptight AF.
Told my mom who adopted me I’m not her son in an argument
breaking my dorm room microwave
getting pictures printed at Walmart
buying gummy bears for a neighbor
accidentally taking the wrong golf cart
asking my landlord if I could keep a rifle in my room
leaking my wife’s sex tale
My mom is ruining my life, yet overreacts when I criticize her artwork
blindly suggesting that my Mom should shop in the maternity section
giving wiping advice
not telling my partner I lost my job...
telling my manager I loved him
telling the girl i m seeing that i use to like one of my friends.
asking for a pegging in the middle of a crowd
Getting sprayed by a skunk.
asking for help
when my mom opened a dildo I got from a sugar daddy
watching The Last of Us 2 gameplay on a Microsoft Surface Pro.
busting a fat one while on my back, after being ´ínterupted´ a few times
telling my step daughter life would be better if she didn’t exist
accidentally confessing to my law professor
deleting every picture I had every taken
drinking my friend pee
ended up in wrong dentists chair
bringing a rape whistle to class
getting my balls bitten to blood.
cooking a chicken
caring for my skin too much.
Quick and to the Brits
basically telling Google to dox me
a call from work
picking a cup of coffee up poorly and causing a large spill
going into the wrong apartment
linking a female friend to fortniteburger.net
Today I FU by opening too much to my friends and ended up losing them.
showing my son's erotic art on Facebook causing him to go into hiding, to where none of us even know if he's still alive or not.
I fucked up about 10 minutes ago by making one of those DIY fleshlights
agreeing to being tied up
Becoming a Suspected Pedophile
tipping $5 at a "bagel shop"
extremely ignoring my crush who was really happy to see me.
sending a text to my boss saying I have a job interview.
almost murdering one of my clients during a shave.
forgetting about my dad waiting for me
spanking with CLOVE OIL, NSFW
driving home sleepy after a haunted house NSFW
accidentally masturbating with vaporub
I was home alone earlier this afternoon and decided to "self love".
looking like a unhealthy toothless person on a first date
celebrating after I won in smash
when I kept interrupting people in my Zoom call
unleashing my baseball swing on a piñata and ruining it for a bunch of kids
I managed to order a pizza with NO Cheese...
accidentally flashing my neighbors
r/I accidentally deleted my entire research paper. Now I need to draft a new one. Fml
getting creative with an insult and having this come back to bite me in the ass
This was a while ago
not being in the yearly group picture
going on a hike.
being a good citizen and updating my phone...
trying to find a smell, the smell found me.
putting up Command Hooks on the ceiling
Said porn in my moms group text
accidentally outing a trans client at my gym to one of their coworkers who I thought was misgendering them
not drinking any water
Being sleepy and ruining my microwave oven and electrocuting my gf
not seeing a dentist for two years
expressing my view on homeless people and getting fired for it.
when I replaced my cousin's epilepsy medicine with ecstasy.
taking my doggo for a little drive
but bring my mom to the auto shop and almost getting my car repoed
mistakenly asking my friend if she was interested in sexting instead of an advice
sending a dumb joke in a card
travelling to the US, being mistaken for a terrorist and saved by an FBI agent
flopping a ruler
wetting the bed
packing a used condom in my 4-year-old preschooler’s lunch.
putting my phone in the washing machine.
Coming out to my boyfriend kinda
I asked about a controversial topic and humiliated myself
clamping my nipple in what I thought was a friend.
accidentally throwing a child across a room.
Tofu by looking up a very odd website
planning a meetup with my long distance girlfriend.
eating the devils fried chicken.
getting my Dad a letter time capsule for Christmas
paying my state taxes twice
explosively shitting while on a Zoom meeting with my future employer and coworkers
calling my (26 M) gfs (22 F) sex predictable
agreeing to have an open relationship
ordering pizza
pretending I don't have a sense of smell.
buying a used puppy
but from my mother
accidentally autoplaying a NSFW video in my office
cooking with ghost peppers without gloves.
I’m a girl (tomboy to be exact), n my brain is not as complex as most of my girlfriends 😬
asking my fiance for a 23 and Me kit for Christmas and accidentally blowing up his life.
going home with the drunkest girl at the wedding.
bleeding because of over masturbating.
poisoning myself to skip school ending up in hospital
getting a girl's snapchat during a zoom lecture
with saying a single sentence
almost killing my pup
being disappointed my fiancee bought lingerie
making a left turn
being a coward and not talking to my crush
Never microwave a glazed donut when your half asleep...
watching porn not knowing my phone was connected to my sisters Bluetooth
having sex in my van, NSFW
texting my old crush
making my tutor think I'm a massive pervert
trying to skip class by staying in the bathroom
Drinking Peppermint Essential Oil
accepting the marker of kingpin of new york
putting off getting a family doctor and bloody shitting in my toilet
peeing in my friend's kitchen sink
working in retail and muttering obscenities towards customers under my mask
accidentally streaming a virtual AA meeting on Twitch
appearing to suffocate my partner
thinking my dad rearranged his junk every night after coming home from work
trying to be a good person and now my wife has me by the ba...
when I got blackout drunk with friends from other parts of the country.
e bye birthday
surprising someone by leaving special brownies at their door. The brownies are missing
flipping a guy off for over a minute
Lately is the TikTok of subreddits...
ignoring the sink demon
releasing the wrong liquid in the bedroom
adding the wrong person to the group chat.
sending my family a picture of me with my guy friend
I messed up pretty bad
discovering I've been using earbuds wrong my entire life until now.
Asked to explain the phonetic alphabet to an alien, said I don't speak ******
my dad finding furry porn on my pc.
being part of a why I wear my mask video
telling my boss I’m going to grad school in the fall therefore accidentally quit my job
wiping something using Clorox wipes
impaling my hands
not thanking my uncle for helping build my pc.
licking the searingly hot butter spoon
belittling my teacher
speaking loudly in the wrong place and wrong situation
watching anime during online class
eating shrimps on a food market in Bangkok.
buying an ivory shirt
looking up from my phone
not getting a girl was into me.
looking like a thief with 2 phones
selling off my sister's cat and newborn kittens without her knowledge
juuling in front of Uncle Rocky
drinking a large coffee on the day I restarted my stimulant.
jumpstarting my nighttime routine
: Sticking a toothbrush in my ear
buying a vibrator, my mom thought I was gay and she almost died for real (NSFW)
puking into a wicker bin.
accidentally letting my mother listen to her Ex-husband ramble about Nazis
By browsing reddit...
accidentally looking at my cat while jerking my gurking  maybe
not realising that screen record records sound outside the phone too..
leaving my large sex toys at my family home
accidentally screaming at my teacher while trying to answer a question t
breaking my grandmother’s glass vase by accident
telling my share-music-buddy about a song I found on Pornhub.
I am confused guys...
choking a girl until she passed out.
naming my character in a game
making my school think I’m a terrorist
"exfoliating" my legs with a grater. On purpose.
making my girlfriend think that I'm zoophilic.
breaking both arms giving a friend a ride.
Chemical Burning My Clit (NSFW?)
moving to nyc without a place to sleep tonight
going to the a pop-up store in the mall for a test
putting the wrong movie on my grandma's flash drive for her to watch.
smoking through my nose
making fun of my GF while playing PlayStation
assuming a mother needed a child’s ticket
fucking
owning racist historic items even though I'm dating a black girl
aggressively forcing my husband to have an allergic reaction.
having sex with a close family relative
hanging up during an important call
kissing my hiking supervisor
being a jerk in the parking lot
playing 6206 on the jukebox
not buying my gift for Secret Santa incognito and letting my family believe I was into kinky sex. (NSFW)
artificially trying to grow an inch
https://www.apple.com/uk/ios/photos/
helping my grandmother
not considering what what would happen if my neighbors decided to keep their dog
performing impromptu magic in public.
helping another department
talking to my mom.
scuba diving on a remote Indonesian Island
not wiping my ass when I sharted on the toilet. (21F)
calling Nintendo for a refund.
rubbing bleach on my face
risking to get a coworker fired and possibly ruining his life by telling a secret he trusted me with to someone else
jerking off at work
making something really ridiculous undermine my girlfriend's trust.
playing Pokémon go and almost buying drugs accidentally confirming that it might be my father's fault that I'm into BDSM.
changing a light bulb
พีท ทองเจือ บอกดีมาดีตอบ ไม่เคยรังแกใคร เจ็ง เผยเรื่องลูกติดสัญญาพูดไม่ได้
mistaking a staph infection for bad acne
drinking a full glass of jalapeno pepper sauce thinking it was some kind of spirit
running after chickens
for pulling up in random drive way and beating my dick.
accepting an unknown Woman's Friend Request.
giving away my neighbor’s air conditioners
accidentally making my mom think i search for "free sex" online...
knocking down my mom's possibly $100+ fragrance lamp
forgetting to turn off voice chat in an online game while talking to my gf
my thinking
eating six kolaches at breakfast (mild)
covering weights with a pillow
talking to a customer on a video call without my shirt on
listening to an old Our Lady Peace song and getting it forever stuck in my head.
letting my coworker lock up for me
with my dad
pushing an update to wrong industrial control system without proper verification
Isn’t life fun?
looking like a crazy person at work
discovering what my childhood nickname really means
breathing in, and subsequently choking on, my husband's bellybutton lint.
joking about my presumed lost potential inheritance from a still alive rich uncle in front of my 5 year old child
relying on a “Rolex” as an emergency fund
pavloving myself
NSFW Plu(g)mbing
backing up my Diva Cup
when I used eye drops at work
ruining my dad and little bro's rare bonding time.
accidentally aggravating an ear infection and almost rupturing my eardrum
opening a toy for my cats
kippering my everything.
sending my Mum a text bad mouthing her that was meant for my Brother
getting stung a bee
expressing my political view/ideology
creating a LEGO surprise for the girl I fancied
joining the mod team too fast
I slapped my self really hard in the ear
using rubbing alcohol as lube
re-watching season 4 GOT and recalling what a great guy Jaime Lannister was, but was accused of being in favor of doing in the US what Jaime did in Westeros before the series started.
breaking my 83-year-old grandpa’s foot with a riding lawn mower.
dropping a database that had 5 years of crucial historic data.
leaving a bar with a stranger to his hotel and eventually escaping by hopping over the balcony in his room and scale down the hotel to eventual safety.
never being able to taste sourness again.
taking my 5 year old to an escape room
i lost my grandpa's inhaler and change of the money! 😭
TMSFU
calling my dad a bum and a dumbass
Texting a Girl
I clogged up the toilet and created a poop soup!! HELPPP!!!
Using a Towel
smearing my dogs vomit on my face
sending my wife a dick pick
speaking another language while having sex with my girlfriend
trying to break up and ending up in a police station with half of my college hating me
thinking a client's new roommate had down syndrome.
Told a girl i liked her, took her reaction as if she decided to kill me
Trusting a Fart at Work
wrongly accusing a poor woman of stealing my smartphone
leaving a flat piece of dough and yeast drink up my room
not getting a hint from my crush
saying something at the wrong time
yelling at the CEO of my company to “SHUT THE F*CK UP”
almost getting my friend in trouble for swearing
not realising who I was talking to.
leaving a gallon of milk in my friends car and it costing me thousands of dollars
ruining a public restroom
wanting some heat in my apartment.
fucking Up
driving my parents car into the ocean
walking home and flashing some drivers
emailing a professional licensing board with the name Dump Master
doing the sexy sex
walking myself into a sextortion scam
giving myself a first/second degree burn in a very stupid way
washing boots
sending my mom a dick pic.
almost killing myself in class
accidentally making my mom see a text I sent my friend
but getting too excited during NNN
wearing noise canceling headphones while masturbating
calling the fire department
almost suffocating myself in a store
sliding across a wooden bench to eat Cheetos
thinking a poop was a fart
By taking an April Fools joke too far and not realizing it, until it was too late.
drinking ridiculous amounts of coffee and getting sent home with heart palpitations
losing my brother
buying drugs from a patient of mine.
not forgetting how to pronounce Nigeria and sounding like a massive racist in class
deciding to take LSD for the first time at work
slapping my twins thigh
I found out my past gf lied about her age
falling for someone else
choosing to buy ice cream instead of helping out my coworker.
Today I blew it
telling someone my stepmom was my stepmom
wearing the same costume as someone else
giving my boss feedback when they asked for it; they didn't like it and I got fired
trying to save my wife
confusing foam conditioner with shaving cream.
not realizing I was on speakerphone
drinking out of a dirty glass.
telling a visiting auditor that we bury contractors on site.
letting redditors play audio through loudspeakers in my home
Today I fucked up by having a “girls night” with my future step sister
Semi calling my BF my ex’ name while he was going down on me.
having my debate coach expose me to my parents.
thinking Elon Musk was giving away free bitcoins
Preparing rice is easy....right?
calling my gf with my ex's name.
playing Tame Impala's Let It Happen while a guy was on his deathbed
realizing neighbors might’ve caught me masturbating
letting my friend hit my vape after giving a blowjob
making my class think I’m going to be a school shooter
ruining any relationship I have with my teacher.
making a cup of coffee and burning my feet
in front of the new co-op students.
My husband decorated a Christmas cookie with a penis squirting jiz.
rating my friends based on their appearance.
scorching my boyfriend’s peen
sending a photo of a dog
helping a homeless man
accidentally telling my girlfriend that I loved her
TIF by destroying a Truck at my first day of work
having my mom see my nudes
dogsitting
going on a date with a tomboy. (Long-ish)
being too enthusiastic with a handy and destroying my GF's parent's bathroom.
when disposing of a peejug
loving my job.
falling asleep wearing VR headset, losing my balance, and breaking my jaw.
Lost my dorm key and being very unlucky
watching Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
ripping a giant bong hit in an important departmental meeting.
watching a new episode of Outlander
having lots and lots of sex
being too cocky about keeping my camera roll clean
giving the deaf kid airpods and got expelled from school
accidentally creating a casino for 5th graders and discovering that one of the kid's parents had a gambling problem
being an anonymous witness in a public school newspaper article
She’s not the right girl?
fucking around with a knife and cutting my thigh
and lost a 20k sale
letting my mum find a box of pregnancy tests in my room
walking my female friend to the train station at night time
being on toilet for too long
talking to my professor with my mouth full
being a horny teen
walked in on my friends sister fucking her cousin
when I realised I’ve been taking 40x the recommended dosage of B-vitamins
Do you actually read privacy policies? If so, what do you think everyone should know they’ve agreed to?
masturbating while having a bath
My family will abandon me
putting Christmas songs on to early
thinking I walked into the women’s room instead of the men’s room
pissing myself in public while drunk.
Playing Minecraft
for not doing my research before making a bet with my boyfriend
agreeing to wrestle an annoying classmate and becoming the gay kid
grabbing 5 minutes if shuteye... but it wasn't
washing my sweatpants
Waxing Down Under
peeling beets after I sliced them
when I accidentally scheduled a boudoir photography session on the church calendar
ruining my neighborhood's internet for around two years.
playing with swords
blacking out by getting too drunk
I accidentally sent a penis sticker to my teacher and 5 classmates
not knowing I was blasting a sex podcast about sucking dick in my parents home
faking an Australian accent
making my girlfriend laugh and vomit over me
debating with extreme leftists on a discord server
showing my hentai collection in class
going to the wrong ferry terminal
visiting the suicide forest in Japan (Aokigahara)
buying this game
being shortHad a great job interview, sent a thank you follow-up email with a typo
letting my cat in the kitchen
getting off on an enema (water)
scaring a lady at the restaurant washroom
Getting my parents high
By being "handy" on my car.
drawing threatening pictures of a teacher.
Losing my dormkey and being horribly unlucky
playing wrestling with my cousin
TDIFU by stabbing myself with a knife by accident
making my parents the worst coffee in the world.
Sending Hentai to My Recruiter
playing the game
accidentally forming Trypophobia Lite™
trying to use sarcasm
I’m an asshole.
talking my friend into a hedge bet that wasn’t even necessary to begin with
rejecting my mom's new year gift
making fun of my gf's dead mom on accident
NSFW  trying to masterbate
buying sugar-free cough drops
deleting the resume I’ve been revising for over 2 hours.
trying to save the life of a moth.
I perfumed my asshole and rang on someone's door
I consumed too many laxatives.
mom walking in on me
trying do stretch my muscles by doing the splits. trying to do the splits on this weird ass machine
choking while on the toilet and coating my house in human feces
working on my own vehicle
assuming I was normal
wishing Ill on my friend's mom
shitting on myself this morning
getting too high and dropping a spicy pickle in my Powerade and wasting 20 minutes trying to figure out why this wouldn't post.
Turning a Soft Boiled Egg Into A Hand Grenade
zipping my penis up after peeing
asking my company to report, and quarantine possible contacts with a COVID infection case in my department
giving my manager my Reddit username.
giving my contact information to an annoying scam company
changing my New Year tradition
wrapping my (22 F) unusually flexible entire body around my boyfriend's chest causing him to faint
giving a homeless man a home and then making him homeless again.
blacking out and am in the process of possibly losing my girlfriend
getting wayyyy too stoned and embarrassing myself massively.
looking at My Dad’s recent searches.
accidentally calling a female Patient sir
accidentally deleted Facebook message after being ghosted for days
being too good at cheating my exams
Always check for handicaps before using metaphors
eating my period goo
I unleashed the beast waaaaaaay too soon.
feeding my cats prawns
cooking an edible before I have to drop my parents to the airport
trying to rescue a cat in a trap.
putting my step dad's ashes near the litter box.
playing some porn to my girlfriend.
The life insurance incident.
when the toddler wins
when babysitting a kid
How I ruined my life
Tried to get my bf to pop my dog's what?
cutting off my friends finger
gatecrashing a Buddhist funeral
don’t hide injuries
Ordered Thanksgiving pies for the wrong date
basically training my cat to only drink out of a hello kitty cup
losing my v card for a pair of nikes.
jammin out in public
Damn. A lil Tooooo clingy?
not collecting everyone’s payment before giving recipient a group gift.
visiting a new client in her home.
using a hairdryer to clear my swimmer’s ear
telling a cancer researcher that I would not, in fact, have a good day.
My embarrassing moment in school...
these necklaces are cute
being to drunk to opt out of a foursome, and ending up having a panic attack in the middle of the bar.
giving myself pink eye
believing my crazy mum.
calling someone an asshole to cutting in front of me in line at the McDonald's drive through.
quoting Guy Fieri in bed
saying my stupid thoughts in front of the class
working from home &amp; getting a little high
I messed up being a anti social loser.
masturbating at my grandma’s during business hours.
allowing my kids to pick an angel/foster / child for a Christmas gift
asking a youtuber to name a frog after my favorite singer
grossing out my bf with my period blood.
injuring my dog with a chocolate biscuit (but not the way you think)
Today my little brother (13) fucked up by getting caught with hentai. I am now scared for his well being because we have African parents.
having 0 situational awareness and allegedly contributing to the now defunct Nazi Regime.
Friend realized he had been tricked so the people in power could stay in power.
showing my hairdressers some of my nudes
taking Xanax and telling my roomate i hope his new puppy dies.
I didn't write at the beginning
only partially shaving my pubes
making spicy feta tomato pasta and emptying my insides so staff can hear.
(ACCIDENTALLY) not reporting Child pornography
shaving my head and convo cling myself that I had corona virus
smacking my coworker’s ass
I slept all fucking day
releasing an app during the pandemic
completely ignoring firearm safety and adding a new hole in my ceiling.
mistaking bacon grease for condensed milk
That's
when I accidentally got too high
I almost consumed oil.
fainting in front of a street performer's huge audience not telling my mom, “I am okay,” before telling her what happened.
walking in on my friend having sex and alerting a teacher
missing the first team meeting at my high school
Biggest regret of my life
not being clear with my words.
taking my gf out to a fancy restaurant, and buying her an expensive gift.
losing my first Reddit account forever
drinking my own piss instead of Coke
not wearing gloves while making hot sauce
trying to have sex with my boyfriend.
ruining a new friendship in a game through cringe ass furryspeak, causing the guy to hate me forever
giving myself a chemical burn NSFW
drinking a juice carton without checking the date.
ordering a pint of Guinness in Dublin
playing drunk tennis.
remembering
altering the wifi
not locking away my VERY NSFW drawings.
HORRIBLY
Making A Racist Post That Made It To The Front Page of Reddit
fishing for compliments.
vibing too hard on Discord
going to the ER in a bicycle
calling 911 on an HVAC worker
getting caught and my friend being racist (accidentally)
accidentally taking 3x as much Adderall as intended
not knowing Thai food could be spicy
making hot dogs
using my husband's Lowes card
Reading Fifty Shades of Grey and making my family think I was into erotica. I was 12 years old.
accidentally taking Destroy Dick December literally.
Furrys.
sleeping over at my 'secret' girlfriend house
and believed my husband's expertise
letting my cat watch me pee.
By not following instructions
humming the YMCA NSFW
going on a Tinder date with a Nazi
going to a protest and getting mild PTSD
eating dirty fries
My GF Parents are intrusive?
bringing a kitten barely a week old at home
using a eucalyptus tissue instead of a plain tissue
giving myself a hitler mustache
accidentally saying something that was pretty sexist on the first day of class.
explaining how something is illegal to a child.
Remember the that ugly asian guy wrote of raping his black out drunk sleeping cousin and then wrote here humble bragging and putting the blame on her when he walked into her room where she slept and stuck his hands and small dick in her?
injuring my knee
trying to cheer up my crying friend
remembering Tupac’s Birthday
trying to enjoy my one day off
not remembering what day my company physical was on.
forgetting about someone in a group chat.
donating my best suit to Goodwill
By forgetting about the tooth fairy
showing my d*** to my friends
getting caught by my mom in an awkward spot
going for a no2 in the bathroom as usual
Not Paying Attention To My Kitten
sitting in silence for two hours
I crapped myself inside a crowded elevator
getting caught jacking off by my younger brother
saying that i know multiplication tables till 10.
Do not let your parrot love you unsupervised
trying to be cool but burning my fingers in a bunch of eggy tea.
Puppies and robot vacuums don't mix
Sending a Dick Pic to my Mother
commenting on my SO's videos from a secret account
catfishing my friend on snapchat.
destroying my 2 bike U-Locks
Trying to clear space on my computer, unknowingly deleting the fitgirl repack folder I waited 20+hrs to download
not doing money exchange
Breaking a Girl's Faith
planning a "relaxing" evening at a Spa, terror ensued.
I tried diving off my pools platform
getting kicked out of the house on quarantine
being an absolute dumbass and missing out on the biggest chance to make out with my crush
smacking a mop off my head at work.
someone’s life....maybe
making fun of a world-renowned jewish doctor's big nose while high as a kitetrespassing at HMAS Watson, and Australian Navy Base
almost blowing my foot off
messing with my SD card that I didn't have backed up and accidentally deleting all of my son's baby pictures.
forgetting I didn't have a pocket
ignoring the symptoms of COVID-19
not knowing how to use Zoom, long
Nsfw  using a laptop that my mom's Facebook was signed into
listening to my dick instead of my doctor
🤓
leaving my phone on in my pocket
waking up with a plant in my bed
confusing a child’s gender
hopping the fence to a music festival
accidentally flashing my in-laws
cooking
online session
going on a trip for my 7th anniversary
Drinking Ginger Beer In An Ice Cream Shop
living in an economically depressed area and frequently giving people that are down and out or high out of their minds way too much money kind of as charity but sort of just to see what would happen.
Unintentional grope
over-anticipating my best friend's penis
putting it in the wrong hole and ruining all my plans for the evening.
quitting my job and getting denied by the company I want to work for
rejecting my crush because of my insecurities.
showing my family my penis
becoming a large portion of my friends YouTube channel
telling the plumbers to gtfo before they could fix my house
dressing up as St. Nicholas in school
not knowing what I want in a relationship
Complaint at work
not checking my boat close enough.
accidentally causing my friend to change his mind donating blood. I technically killed up to three people.
riding a motorbike in a storm to Lands End and nearly dying multiple times.
getting people to hate me in school.
not getting enough fibre
swallowing torch fuel at a party
scaring the shit out of a teacher thinking I was a potential school shooter
forgetting my drinks in the freezer
Scarring a Small Child in a Public Bathroom with a Burp
announcing that I like watching little kids get hurt
going to class
peeing on a hair
Making a Suicide Joke at the Expense of One of The Dead Guy's Friends
Who are you?
telling my wife the truth.
putting in minimal effort on a college project.
trying to unblock my bathtub myself.
flirted w/bf’s best friend and ruined their friendship
Uh I messed up by getting stun were the sun don’t shine
not skipping leg day.
cleaning my glasses before taking a piss
blasting anime moans in the same car as my ultra-conservative grandparents
being horrible to my Mum, whose Dad died today.
giving my number to the guy who hit my car
Wrong number
cheating on my online test
being a fat cunt
cutting my keloid with scissors at home alone
Today I fucked up and squirted sriracha in my eyes
experimenting with my ass.
getting slapped in the face with racism and not even realizing it.
blowing my father in law in the livingroom
being a male in a Women's Studies group project
having an allergic reaction to impress a girl i like and ending up in the hospital
sleeping with my sister's boyfriend
not taking my contact lenses out before making dinner
mistakenly hitting on a trans woman
making my entire block of new neighbors hate me
saving a beetle from a spider and then accidentally killing it
choosing beans
swallowing an earplug instead of my medication
fidgeting in class
being taken out of context, and the cops thought I was going to shoot up my workplace (a state owned institution)
telling a complete stranger that I’m used to being choked
blasting a massive sack load on my step-wife's daughter's panties during sexy time.
spraying blood all over my FWB house
trying to be funny, just came across as a pleb...
cutting finger on bathroom door.
trying to give myself some TLC and almost blinding myself
jerking in my friends house while high.
with giving a tip
declining the services of a lady of the evening
going for a run at 2:15 in the morning and getting locked out of my house
posting a meme and getting arrested
getting caught masturbating by my then GF and her friends
turning off the engine
Roller Skating at my 30th Birthday Party
I put lemongrass essential oil, EVERYWHERE
accidentally being racist, resulting in sex!
not checking under my night stand
using the urinal
accidentally brushing my teeth with cortizone (itch cream)
spoiling Endgame for my friend
trying to activate the MS office via some third-party software
which resulted in me no longer being able to drink milk
cutting my uvula with a pair of scissors then sucking on it until it ripped off completely.
being too reliant on my Google pixel 3XL and showing my dad's friend a cherry pink soft silicone dildo.
doing a few things on a school trip when I was 7
showing pictures and videos of small puppies I befriended to a close friend
I've just become a sheep that we've grown to dispise and I'm ashamed of myself.
accidentally implying that my boyfriend and I have hardcore sex to my neighbors and their young children
using my youtube account to look up how tos for stuffed animal making
leaving my rare iPhone 2g (1st generation, 2007), iPhone 3G (2nd gen), iPod Touch 5G, and Nintendo DSi XL submerged in water for over 2 weeks.
talking about anal sex at a funeral.. (possibly NSFW)
TL:DR My dad touched my sperm, I’m standing outside my house
swearing in the face of my teacher
not taxing my car
giving my wife a real answer.
trying a new food source for my baby snake
putting my pee sock in my dad’s girlfriend’s trash
bring cards against humanity into school
farting and making my girlfriend throw up
Robbed at gunpoint for 1000
pouring water in dog bowl
doing some "extra" shaving before a bike ride
locking my cat inside overnight.
shaving “down there” and accidentally releasing hell onto my nether regions
I fucked up by saying "Bless you" to a lady who sneezed at Walmart.
letting my fiancé shove my panties in my mouth
forgetting my curtains were open while I indulged in some personal time walking topless and getting catcalled by a creep
letting my husband get a dog
accidentally getting a Hitler Youth Haircut
leaving a dick sleeve out
staying subbed to this sub long enough to see it devolve into what it is
sneezing 18 times in my local supermarket and being told to leave.
being too drunk
becoming an unplanned father.
having butt fun with my husbnd ending in a parp competition
Not Telling My Boyfriend that I made a GoFundMe for my ex
sending a meme about butthole sunbathing to my long time crush
Ate an edible before researching about it, potential BIG mistake.
catfishing people on Tinder. being a Muslim and a Lesbian.
fuck fuck sex book fuck fuck cum fuck fuck boob tit fuck fuck fuck
accidentally chasing someone down the road around to midnight getting injured in process.
accidentally making my entire very Christian family think I took a dick pic
finding my cousins XXX twitter/IG
trying to take a cute selfie
nearly breaking the apprentices jaw! (accidentally)
Accidentally mentioned a customer’s boobs to their face
My descent into ruin -Part 1
stealing a sandwich from Sheetz
making myself a target to my teacher
Not Answering a Robocall
throwing away a condom
using a handicap stall at the mall.
walking into shelf
trying to give the dog a piece of cardboard
getting my friend addicted to pills
breaking my arm without health insurance in the USA
being a black man and telling my gf that I felt all lives matter (not relationship advice)
laughing when my terminally ill great aunt’s hair fell out during dinner
asking a coworker if his kids are excited for Christmas
snapping a school whiteboard. :|
being born!
telling a Stanley cup winner to go back to school.
not realizing my husband has bigger arms than me
telling my crush that I'd eat her muffin
getting nervous and bombing a manager position interview within my company.
not sleeping at night again
cursing at an elderly nun
Shitpost- my toilet bowl had its own new years celebration while friends howled hysterically.
getting drunk at my work christmas party and letting one rip
Today I fucked up by laughing to hard
trying to improve myself and help someone else not long before quarantine
finding out that my Married Uncle does hookups with other guys in Grindr at the Family Gathering.
replying all on an email
fall into the toilet and breaking my girlfriends mothers bidet.
Moderna vaccine against Covid-19 is close to obtaining emergency clearance from the Food and Drug Administration
Clogged the Toilet
cheating on a test and enabling text-to-speech so the answer was read out loud by google
eating eggs.
breaking an expensive glass door in our new house
Elderly Women in Hospitals.
I got my first cast iron pan and made sure to clean it nicely to make sure it would last.
sending by sending a cute father-son video to my neighbour who's father passed away.
Engaging in Coitus with my Ex
picking up my girlfriend and starting my career as a wrestler
Impaling myself on a medieval-looking iron fence.
being an unwitting wingman
letting my mum use a pornographic lighter to light the Chanukah candles.
sexting a grieving friend
telling a random stranger their backpack was open.
Got too drunk at a fancy dinner
forgetting my keys, sunglasses, charger and money
putting my roommates new $250 controller on my lap.
c
walking in on my brother having sex
going on a group ride down a mountain on a crappy bike.
TOFU BY RAPE CRUSH
riding my bike in a residential area while carrying two quarts of Strawberry Lemonade in my left hand
Best Foods To Eat To Lose Weight
not cleaning my car
forgetting to remove a comment I wrote in my code.
waking and baking on an all-staff video call.
saying I was tired to my wife
making a joke about blow jobs
Shape of Water" style
laughing at my wife who started crying when she read our daughter’s messages
when I got a notification from Wendy’s on my phone and it said “Biggie Bag”. I thought it said “n-word bag”.
sewing while topless walking away to answer the phone before putting money in slots.
buying a better vacuum cleaner
saying "jack it off" to 100 kids
giving relationship advice
accidentally overestimating the size of a best friend/(maybe?) love interest's penis
not turning the lights on while taking a piss
killing a reindeer with a snowmobile a day after Christmas
and exposed my parents to CP
meeting my friends at the train station where my class trip started which I tried to skip.
masturbating on my outside porch and getting caught. Very worried about being asked/confronted about it. I am a minor.
getting nervous by a comment made by my friends girlfriend
It was a chocolate chip...right??
wrongly wording a sentence and accidentally ended a new friendship
having a Family Google account
I ate extremely expired yogurt.
Grocery Store Horror: The Day I Lost Control
joining an online community
saying a cuss word in my family group chat.
pushing to deep into my GF and almost making her choke
saying my 3-mile time as 3 km time.
thinking I was insane for two years.
not doing what I told everyone else to do
if you need.a logo or a minimalist menu, flyer, busines card
replying to a group Teams Chat
Told my family I love fireball, I hate it
misspelling a website
The wrong oyster
Yelling at Toad in Mario Party
napping on the couch....
for not getting a girls hints a whole week
getting with e man
Alluding to a Racial Slur on an Unmuted Mic and Making my Entire Math Class Think I'm Racist
turning on the desktop view for YouTube on the Google Chrome app.
completely draining the Aral Sea
committing to a concert
Invoking the Curse of Dogpatch
wearing a pink thong to the park.
confessing to my crush because I’m an idiot who forgot autoplay happens.
Tried to race, ran out of gas
how to free fire gameplay || free fire gameplay 2020 || classic match 14...
punching my girlfriend in the boob
buying a car that was cheaper than the one I wanted. And I regret it ..
TIFI By getting my tongue stuck in a bottle
How I Learned To Control My Temper
having a rummage sale and losing my last car key in the process. Thankfully, the several hundred dollar replacement cost will be offset by the $34 I made at the sale. /s
Burning myself in the shower
asking for a blow job.
starting at the sun over 12 minutes
Sexually Sexing During Sex
sending brothers/friend of my mom screenshots with grindr notification
I screamed “Hey Bitch” at the beach but them quickly started regretting it
accusing a dude that ghosted me of being a jackass, when it turns out his dad died
bursting out crying for a full hour on NYE.
saying hi to a coworker
eating beans.
embarrassing myself in front of my future in-laws
wearing my sunglasses
Became an officer of an on campus organization
throwing away 16 dollars
creating a username for ACNH
not checking my name on Zoom
asking the stag where the function was.
assuming my neighbours are assholes
accidentaly touching asses with a girl
accidentally talking about my teacher in a whatsappgroup with my teacher
not getting insurance info from a big rig truck driver who rear ended me.
almost getting arrested by German Police because of playing music way to loud
not wearing proper hiking gear
swearing accidently in a Christian Zoom call and possibly ruining my Aunt's reputation
being Pretty Fly For a White Guy...
drinking my own spit from the toilet
going for a swim on a warm summer night
spraying shaving cream into my armpit
losing my license to monkey socks
signing a quit-claim deed to my house after a divorce.
Masturbation Catcheration
overthinking my flight booking and temporarily blocking all available seats on the flight instead
almost melting my phone on the stove
not listening to a good advice
finding out too late that I'm arachnophobic.
Reporting Someone From Work
shoving grapes up my vagina
joking with my friends but didnt realiserad that they took everything personally and got super Sally at me
using the wrong ice in my whisky
insulting a co-worker's mother right to her face on my first day.
posting a picture of my girlfriend's underwear on social media
puking all over my bosses face and making him puke in front of a long line of customers
not checking LinkedIn privacy settings.
Lacerating My Hand
leaving my vibrator out at the firehouse
played porn on the family speaker
After years of browsing reddit I realised you can press and hold to close comment threads
giving a driver the thumbs up instead of flipping them off.
finding my Brother's Perverted Spider-man Fetish
eating clam chowder and drinking a RedBull
copying my gf(23)'s habit that I didn't like.
missing my flight while sitting at the gate
taking adderoll during a hurricane
sounding like a horrible racist (but by a different op)
playing soccer in my back yard
being the "All Lives Matter" guy in a diversity training
punching my dog with the power of a thousand suns
Went to the cabins and everyone heard me listening to porn thru a bluetooth speaker apparently.
trying to give myself an enema in an... unconventional way
Leaving My Bang Unattended
falsely declaring that I was gay on Facebook
proclaiming myself as the destroyer of coochie in a zoom call
getting caught slapping wife’s a** in grocery store
getting my boyfriend an engagement ring
setting an alarm named "420 blaze it"
letting my grandson play with my car and it cost me $6000
eating copious amounts of cereal
Caught wife Cheating Secretly
accidentally yelling “HEY MONKEY” at a group of black people.
skipping school for 3 months
Today I fucked up by asking a customer to repeat herself after her son had died
impersonating Eric Cartman
talking at work
sexing my sex sexily with sex. Sex.
getting too confident in mario kart
getting reddit banned across my entire school district.
walking up to the wrong car in the middle of the night.
getting my girlfriend to help me put the bins out.
taking probiotic capsules with 1L of kombucha.
almost killing my crush 5 years ago...
getting basically ran over
contently texting my coworker.
screaming "FUCK MY BALLS I FORGOT" on Zoom class
going four-wheeling
putting cabbage leaves on my sandwich
with NoNutNovember.
masturbating with a pear.
My girlfriend shat herself, now my dog is dead
borrowing a bike with good brakes.
and got caught trying to roll a joint with a bible page by my very religious grandma
showing the Apple support guy all my fanfic bookmarks
peeing outside
kicking a cabinet
howa to make anal sex for fun
losing 6,700 bucks because of my jeans
making my own $14,000 mistake with no others to blame
forgetting to clean my face probably after he nutted on it before eating dinner with his family.
accidentally creating a tsunami of rotting chicken stench in my house
trying to keep my mom busy on the anniversary of her father’s death
getting my MIL drunk
Tifi by my girlfriend seeing something on my phone
texting and walking
Wasn't aware of renovation
sending a news article to the group chat.
commenting on Twitter as if it were Reddit
answering nature's call
farting into a fan that was blowing air at me
being an innocent 8 year old
not knowing who Kobe Bryant was
dating a crazy junkie
telling a black woman she is “pretty for a black girl”
mooning the neighbors
hurting my foot
HEAVY by sending flowers to my ex on her birthday
asking my dad to come over and kill a bug for me
LPT:  not washing my hands BEFORE going to the bathroom
getting rejected and only making it worse
browsing Reddit while on a Zoom meeting and getting called out by the instructor
because I messed up this really hard drawing I was almost done with
telling my friends that one of us died
getting caught cheating in an exam
letting my boss eat a raw egg roll
trying to get INTIMATE with my first Cousin
drinking too much (I'm 14 with very religious parents)
getting my 3 year old son addicted to Africa by Toto
having a sexual encounter with an escort
TIUP By calling the Mayor Useless in front of his daughter
wiping my ass with a clorox wipe
asking the wrong question to the girl i like
spending too much time in secure folder.
getting personal with my tax accountant, a hoarder
getting heated with my electric toothbrush
calling the police on a future lawyer
accidentally showing my dad my porn collection.
letting myself be insane/delusional for years
trying to say happy birthday.
clogging the toilet in the office
not realisingmy headphones were connected
joining a Roblox condos group
Went skinny dipping with friends and wasn’t thinking
branch gathering
not locking my front door or using the sock signal. I am dumber than a freshman.
saying Guten morgen to shop owner in Germany
NSFW  attempting anal with my ex.
using a plaster(bandage)
buying medals impulsively
I killed a baby bird years ago because I thought it a hallucination
sabotaging my only Halloween plans
masturbating after eating greasy food.
messaging someone after 7 months of no contact
So I was trying to make my character in my video game have a point at the end of its tail, but it looks more like a penis than a tail "image link in description"
Pretending To Be My Crush's Cow
forgetting to flush after doing my morning business.
calling my Wife scum.
not remembering my Cake day!
failing 90 days no fap at day 8
sheeeeeeeeeet my phone screw me over
accidentally making my wife vomit on my dick
crashing my father's car drunk
deciding to help a bunch of kids out while drunk
forgetting the key to my friends house
taking 200mg dxm, 4mg xanax, 80mg cpm.
taking almost 20 consecutive shots underage.
when I took off my shirt
kissing the homies and posting it to instagram
for not deleting my browser search history when my dad was on my computer.
and approved ~300k stickers for retail product without a barcode. :)
allowing my son total freedom when he went to the toilet.
nearly got wrongly arrested by the french police at age 14 then ended up in the hospital when i was on a school trip
sending my husband a naughty snap while he was driving
tickling my wife
taking a late night drive with my friend
setting my name as “poop” on a Zoom group interview for nursing school.
calling my neighbor uncle
trying to see a steam vent off the road at Yellowstone
Using The Only Handicap Stall
leading my 15 year old male students into thinking I had a very erect left nipple.
making fun of an autistic person
rubbing a strangers hoodie over my face
erroneously thinking I had taken my sleeping meds and ended up wide awake all night. When the daylight came out, i saw my meds on my nightstand.
my mom almost caught reading anime fan fiction.
forgetting my debit card at a drive thru.
drop food very sad
Pretending To Be Jesus
How I lost weight in a week
wearing your typical floral underwear
telling my brother it was his birthday.
ignoring a strange pain my abdomen
ruining my boyfriend's sex tape
My 200 hour Minecraft build world is gone...
passing out after my mom woke me up for the second time this week.
1600 4 year old cant pp
sawing through my beer pong table.
closing my car door on my phone
being a raging bitch in a PM convo with someone on reddit in the wee morning hours of May 10, 2020 - Canada, Ontario and Saskatchewan
TUFU by forcing a conversation and finding out i have a dead half sister
when I fired half my wife’s family
seeing my sister’s nudes on my dad’s phone.
burning down a shed
going story by story in this sub and found that only half of the anecdotes actually happened Today!
leaving homemade cookies in a box.. giving my cat a surprise facial
By not checking my junk folder
Was alone had sex.
sexing my sexy sex!!!!!
joining Reddit
drinking two beers at my wife's birthday party
thinking I knew how to crosstictch/thinking it was just embroidery.
Accidentally texted my school’s head of charity about juuling
accidentally calling my teacher gay
disinfecting my new inkjet cartridge
sending my boss a text meant for my coworker (about my boss..)
posting something on this subreddit that didn't happen today.
Today I fucked up by dropping a strangers (neighbor) expensive table!
Anyone wanna help a kid out by Venmoing me a dollar? Reply post.
drunkenly burning down half a castle
blinding myself with my spicy puke at 4 am
Waiting two years to tell me girlfriend that I wanted to be with her for the rest of my life..
sending my first (ex)friend of the opposite sex lesbian anime porn in an attempt to change her sexuality.
Bathroom fan
Tiny but this hurts.
congratulating someone on the birth of their child.
using my neighbour's soap
covering my toddler with ants
making a racist comment at work
not doing an online test
putting my sweats in the hamper
not paying attention at all
letting my brother watch Justice League
making my mother think i was getting off to her nakedness.
I damaged a rental car and don’t have coverage on it.
going on a hike at 2PM
my phone dying
Tried to soothe my nose
TIFI (29M) by Getting in a Car with 3 Female Strangers (18F, 22F, 26F - estimated)
ending a sales call with Goodbye Karen!
setting my recovery email’s recovery email as my main email
getting a first-hand experience of what Period Stained Clothes feel like
wearing two tampons
making a joke that ended with cops, court, and the loss of my greatest friends
letting my mom gene override common sense
opening my (24F) ex’s (25M) trash folder on his MacBook
not remembering that my mom is as savage as they come.
mooning an entire church
getting caught cheating on my midterm exam
asking for my physical therapy tech’s to add me on Snapchat.
saying money my fiance would get after her mom's friend passes would be enough for a down payment.
licking the cream at the dentist office.
By complaining at work
Today I posted a wholesome post calling for people to cheer me up due to all the awful things in the news ... I didn't realize I made this wholesome post on my throwaway sex account
Shitting My Pants While Jogging
throwing a condom box in the trash.
trying to pet my cat while he was having a standoff with a stray cat.
I got fired for saying starter pistol
guzzling tamarind juice
leaving Discord opened
Fry’s and gravy
while trying to pump gas.
Today I fucked up by forgetting about karma.
I ate candy I found a drawer
putting on underwear that was covered in red ants.
playing AAA titles in power saving mode.
by redecorating a very busy public restroom with diarrhea
Geese Compound of Doom
submerging my scrotum into a jar of jalapeño juice.
whacking my vajayjay
swearing and having my religious mom hear me
I lost a testicle
not for the first time with xxxxing pubic hairs on everything
playing mario party with my 2 brothers in law
forgetting how timezones work
stealing my Dad's condoms
taking up crocheting as a hobby
testing out my product and getting called into the Principal's office because of it.
combining teenage recklessness with a few terrible friends.
driving at 140kmph/88mph
when I agreed to go back to his hotel after too many cocktails
telling my best friend that i love him back
reading r/
Made my teacher cry because I tried to comfort a classmate
giving myself chlorine poisoning in the middle of the pandemic
Waited for the wrong livestream
LPT:  pouring cum on myself
wearing a random mask from my girlfriend’s car
I tried impressing a girl, I ended up doing a George Floyd impression
going down the rabbit hole of old archived reddit posts on r/WTF
squirting all over my bed!
Bit by a pet dog.
accidentally ordering McDonald’s twice
attempting to clean cat shit with bleach, vinegar and isopropyl alcohol.
forgetting to save a post and losing it
I didn’t do my history homework and it’s due in an hour
accidentally deleting the wrong hard drive partition
cleaning the shower with my husband’s washcloth and then putting it on the floor in the bathroom
when I told my friend's mom off, in front of her, without me knowing it was her mom
sucking in ink from a pen
Spraying Clorox on my Bathroom Light
paying with mold covered coins
snapping my tongue frenulum with a blowjob.
saying "That'll do, pig" after having sex with my slightly chubby girlfriend.
getting my dad heavily addicted to Korean dramas
By tripping over Christmas
Itfu by water soaking my bed.
getting a “Massage” with my girlfriend
Accidentally Letting A Teacher Know I Let Someone Copy From Me.
I dreamed I was a monkey throwing poop at people and woke up with the taste of it in my mouth
accidentally making a 4 year old cry
sending a Dick pic to a guy pretending to be a girl
submitting porn in my project assignment for Uni
leaving the club to smoke a j
trusting the popcorn button
starting my own divorce
cheating on a test and making my whole family angry at each other.
divorcing over reddit
asking out my crush
commenting on an IG post.
giving cashier my number
... well, fucking U.P. and potentially fucking up her marriage
Trying to Shoot a Wasp With an Airsoft Pistol
getting kicked from school and home
thinking I was about to be abducted and attempting a hit and run
withdrawing a job application for a remote position
not looking closely at a meeting invite
passing wind, literally, directly on a stranger.
not watching where I step...
buttdialing leabian scrissoring porn to my dad
meeting my step brothers for the first time
accidentally getting cum in my eye
walking into a dealers house w/o permission.
inviting family friends over for a picnic dinner
urinating on my battery charger
helping a friend cheat on a test, and lying when I got caught.
withdrew $20 from the atm and forgot to take the money
almost tazing my dog
asked my sister for a kiss in front of her but I meant the chocolate.
decapitating my son’s favorite stuffed cat
hooking up with a girl in a relationship
fapping
trying to suck my own dick (NSFW)
posting a copypasta in a public Facebook group
letting my dad use my computer
seating muslims in my restaurant
sending private chats to the teacher instead of homework.
Today I fucked up by urinating on a policemen.
because a cop thought I was a prostitute
laughing at my friend who was in extreme pain
running 3 stop signs while a cop was behind me
being friends with an known enemy
my shotgunning my boyfriend's cum into his face
Renting an Upstairs Apartment
taking calcium supplements
bringing up a traumatic event during casual conversation from a dating app
fucking my girlfriend a little too hard
splattering shit on my moms wall, and announcing it to my whole family unknowingly.
opening my mouth
almost joining my friends cult
watch Attack on Titan late at night and can't sleep coz I'm scared.
clogging my bf’s toilet
while doing work from home possibly and ironically NSFW
sending a dick pic to my mother in law
f***** up this is seriously great until the end
making my grandma question her faith
offering to pay for a strangers stuff before knowing what they were buying
setting off all the fire alarms in my apartment.
I Forgot Where’s My Phone
going to the bathroom on my face
leaving out bachelorette supplies and accidentally emasculating my younger brother
By posing with a big ass joint
calling my friend by his ex wife's name
mailing a cumbox and now I have to find a new hobby.
serving my sister have the first slice of her horrible birthday cake
telling a strange man that I whipped my moms naked ass with a rope..
being a stupid edgy teen
I'm drunk ladsI'm drunk lads
doing what everyone fears: dropping your phone in a storm drain
complimenting my date’s butt
taking a hike and being classified as a missing person
setting off my parents’ security system
exposing my mother’s feelings to a neighbor
praising my friend
sending a video to my best friend and making him think I was gay
เผยภาพติดบัตรนักเรียน-นักศึกษา ญาญ่า อุรัสยา สวยน่ารักไม่มีเปลี่ยน
accidentally making a guy think I was pregnant.
leaving my brand new radar on my dashboard and my car got broken into and stole my Hanukkah gift
making my new neighbors think I'm a Nazi (or Nazi-sympathizer)
asking a question in online class...
looking up current prices for Pokémon cards, and remembering what I did with mine.
sleeping with my dog
ordering a cute and meaningful Christmas present
i had a bad weed trip and it ruined my life up to this day
having a shower
LPT: Telling someone that a movie/book has a great twist is, in itself, a major spoiler.
Dropped 7 grams of Live Resin into the dirt pile I forgot to sweep up this morning
160k to $000
setting my name on Zoom as “poop” for a group nursing school interview.
using my vibe in the shower.
getting sunburnt.
sending a screenshot of a raunchy conversation to someone I have a crush on.
not checking a recording before sending it
getting my head stuck in the bleachers
losing 4 million dollars
breaking the handle to my front door
jokingly saying I’m gonna touch someone’s face with a marker
not using the safety strap on a treadmill
being cheap
A bizarre Valentine's Day
and got my partner pregnant. Again.
Today I fucked up by trying to take dick pics
relapsing and letting my family down.
JR High Catfish
showing my family my birthday present
I felt like this needed to be mentioned.
assuming someone knew how to operate a floor buffer
jerking off into an ant-infested cum sock
fooling our kids and having charges filed against a friend (April Fool‘s meets COVID-19)
attending a cookout
100% GIVE AWAY FREE 200$ AMAZON GIFT CARD. Earn Free Amazon Gift Cards &amp; Codes Legally!
Home alone... until brother comes home for once
opening a drawer...
not eating a bullet sooner.
putting hairclips infront of my mom mentioning in my Left-leaning family I feel sorry for the grief of the Trumpists
lighting my dick on fire...
hooking up with a girl and almost dislocating her hip (NSFW)
implying my sister is leaving me high and dry
getting the paper toilet seat cover flushed down the toilet
having diarrhea beside my cat
กระทรวงการท่องเที่ยวฯ เล็งจัดศึกอีสปอร์ต ระดมทุนช่วยสภากาชาด
making mead!
applying to college
sticking my pizza box in the elevator door
humiliating myself in the grocery store
using a strange greeting with a random stranger.
telling my little cousin I'm bi
making my mom throw away my used condom
drunkenly refilling my vape pod
potentially making my daughter a vegetarian.
preparing for a romantic evening by scaping my nether regions.
how clueless guys are about periods, and female anatomy in general
when my mom found out my saved reddit posts
Skated a hill too steep
TIFI by farting in my shed, louder than thunder.
I  (24y/o) had a first sexual experience with my mature neighbour (43 y/o) in her sauna. I came right after second stroke all over her breasts and face. Ran away immediately after that.
making a project on the Qin dynasty
getting caught by my neighbour throwing porridge into a bush in my underwear
tilling my backyard into a garden
farting on a customer
after getting with my fianceé (update)
Today I fucked up by realising after all these months that people have been talking about 5g masts not 5g masks.
sending my new leasing office a video of me signing to my cat.
TIFUpdate: My stay at the hospital.
assuming that my crush has a boyfriend
laughing when asian waitress said "Would you like some Pepsi" (sounded like would you like some pussy)
accidentally getting drunk at my grandma's house.
trashing a gift my wife’s grandmother got me
giving a midnight facial to my beloved childhood toy
in the shower
using Belle Delphine's gamer girl condom
farting at the same time as my wife
texting a drug dealer without discretion
ripping apart my headphones
not scratching an itch
tearing my ass.
telling a sex joke in from of my strict English teacher
I snuck out to see a boy and my dad whooped me
leaving behind a CD full of porn on family computer and made other people took the blame.
accidentally swapping two bags of drugs. smoking too much weed.
playing some songs I like in class
announcing to a robber that I have an expensive gadget with me
not checking my milk frother before drinking
sending cursed images to a non profit fundraising on accident.....
asking the shop assistant for puff pastry and pronouncing it the wrong way
finding my bf’s coworkers IG who is obsessed with him
denying my son a medical treatment even though I knew it would help him
vomiting inside my face mask
talking up a sex offender to my wife
eating Chipotle
buying real milk
getting my dick stuck in a Gatorade bottle while waiting for my gf
drinking and driving.
cutting my pube using a scissor
R/ making my grandma cry on her anniversary.
I didn’t take my own advice
wearing the new boxer shorts my mum bought me for Christmas.
Today I ducked up my telling my crush I like her
asking my sister for my old phone back
unleashing a sleeping giant
switching college recruiters name up in my follow up email.
giving my bartender a box of change
My dog ate my wheetabix.
answering the door and forgetting my keys
My crush thought my love note was trash and threw it out.
getting up to pee
becoming the voice of over 500 domestic employees of my company regarding our pay cuts and making upper management flip out
speaking
applying to a job in my city, but it was 6000 kilometers away from where I expected.
driving my cousins petrol buggy, crashing and fracturing my wrist.
not addressing an ingrown hair that I have down there.
forgetting my friend's name.
using involuntary reflexes...
crashing the entire network in my company by accident
eating a pizza and garlic bread
making a cop think i was going to attack her
farting hard near my crush
being too large to hide behind a couch.
almost blue-balling myself
"ranting" at senior management
messing up with a street dog.
giving myself heat exhaustion
driving high out of my mind.
helping my cousin with her website
I was short $50 on my first night off closing
almost blinding my neighbors dog.
accidentally typing bitch in the chat
shouting at a cousin who visited my pregnant sister.
trying to take a walk without going to the bathroom first.
embaressing myself twice in the space of just a few minutes
using a porta loo in the summer at the beach during the summer during covid.
sending my mother and sister my nudes
eating hand sanitizer
trading oral pleasures from a single mother in exchange for rent
blasting porn through the house.
sending my special needs sister to the ER with a quarter liter of blood loss
looking in an old safe...
Posted my friend’s ip on a sketchy website
showing my dogs to a dog that I own it's home
throwing out bananas
looking super creepy while trying to prank my boyfriend
having loud sex with my boyfriend in his apartment.
breaking a tooth in the stupidest way I could
wanting a Hentai mousepad
snooping through my pregnant wife’s phone!
girlfriend moaning
someone hating on my beliefs
accidentally screen shotted on my crush’s snapchat story
Opinion: r/should be renamed to TISFU (Today I Sexually Fucked Up)
getting up in the middle of the night to go potty in pitch dark
not having sex for so long I became a virgin again
unknowingly sending my dad a joke essay about how gay I was along with a massive cock via discord and almost getting thrown out
switching of the projector 😔
5 May 2020 is the day when we all were Fucked up Because of Google updates
Shitpost by throwing up in a friends car after being sick from nicotine
untying a knot in the power cord for our garage door opener.
trying my hand at locksmithing
approaching a baby bird.
Binge Watching Grey’s Anatomy Instead of Doing My Assignments.
When I was caught riding my dildo in the tanning room at Planet Fitness
Loving my Wife
Shaking My Neighbor’s Apartment
accidentally sending my boss porn
wearing a tight hoodie
filling my electric kettle with instant coffee
accidentally drinking Listerine mouthwash
trying to make tea with cream.
finding out that what I thought meant 'fuck me hard' in Latin didn't actually mean that.
hissing at my girlfriends cat
asking for TP in a gas station bathroom.
telling my wife she’d do great at porn for blind people NSFW
picking up the wrong person
not knowing what the word “broad” meant
choosing to use the bathroom before bed and discovering that our household has a secret Walter White.
Im so retarted i lost my sunglasses
Calling my Cats’ Veteranarian a “Good Boy!!”
crashing my own job interview
enthusiastically getting ready for a shower
Saying the Wrong Thing In Church
not changing my NeoPets password.
sleeping with the mutual best friend of myself and my girlfriend.
Wondering why the DoorDash lady wanted to give me a tip
I smell bad. Here’s my story.
dropping my airpod in my grandads casket.
almost calling my BF by my ex’s name when he was going to to town down there
By not panicking and buying toilet paper.
The Shit Conundrum giving myself an enema
taking a bribe from my kids abuser
sending the wrong text to the same chick two different times
I caught feelings for a male NSFW content poster
having my reddit location set for Ireland for the last 3 months
giving myself a Chemical Burn on my balls...
by almost getting hypothermia because I wanted doughnuts.
telling my cat to shut up
locking myself out of hotel at 03:00am
buying women's underwear
Touched a Female Customers Boobs
humming a song from a PC game
trying to listen to music
missing out on a dream date by trying not to be weird.
removing a tampon in front of my sister and traumatizing her for life
accidentally agreeing to give a fish and chip waitress free computer science lessons
getting frisky with the Bell
For Halloween!
getting orbeez stuck in my nose
missing a once in a lifetime opportunity, thats why i ask for help
accidentally being an ass with a compliment
attemting to be girly by without supervision.
getting banned from my local/favorite pot shop for something I didn’t even know I was doing.
Today I Fucked Up by riding my bike on a forest trail
getting myself perm-banned from my favorite subreddit.
forgetting everything I learnt before the exam
unknowingly addicting my hair
racking a round in front of my date
being trolled hard by a Korean tween student
fixing my own car
eating the world's hottest pepper...
speaking without thinking
I crapped my pants
Did I FU today?
Accidentally made a Holocaust joke
(NSFW)  offering my boyfriend to join me when he caught me masturbating.
having my professor do math in the middle of traffic to stop my phone going off
doing drugs and thinking I was spreading Covid (multiple funny fuck ups) underestimating a chemistry exam.
fucking up.
Walked in semi naked while my fiancé had class
Zoom
ignoring my stomach and obliterating a tiny bathroom.
accidentally opening my mic during my class
I am your father
when my dad and I caught my sister and her boyfriend getting a little too frisky
revealing my cock length to my family
showing topless women to my folks…twice…
I hope she sees this
asking who the Cheerio man was
leaving my school laptop 5 hours away
weaponising a red ballpoint pen
drinking to much and almost dieing?
Ti(13f)fu by cucking my(13f)self(13f)
I asked my bf if he's like a subscription to premium porn
teaching my daughters to stand up to bullies.
shitting, pissing, and cumming on some house beetles
forgetting to define propaganda in an essay on why two films contain propaganda
saying that bananas are delicious in an interview.
watching a video of Tucker Carlson from his “show.”
clogging my parents toilet and then their sink
finding my lost headphones
farting in my office
Sex...
telling my friend that her best friend has many problems
telling my mother I could be masturbating.
laughing at my friend who had nausea.
High Blow Jobs
buttplug found by mom
I meant to be funny when I was trying to explain my age difference to someone... I was not.
connecting on omegle during pandemic
realising I could have dated my crush
washing my eyeballs with a bidet.
During Teams Meetings using multiple devices
jerking off with a random guy from reddit
Hey, I am free now.i wanna enjoy this night with you .lets have some fun and pass a nice night with full pleasure. Are you free and interested for meet?
getting my sister fired
inhaling my tongue ring, ending up pregnant and close to death.
posting gaypornhub on my facebook in middle school.
when parking at a pump
for purchasing a gift below the dollar limit for Secret Santa
falling for an obvious scam like a horny idiot
drinking Newport juice thinking it’s water
sleeping in a wrong position and thus not being able to eat for two months
smoking in a protected area an hour away from my home with my ex and getting caught.
trying to be a Good Samaritan
Checking Facebook After Having A Nightmare
accidentally insulting someone
accidentally saying “love you bye” to my friend
letting my dorm mate place sheets around the bottom bunk (10 years ago)
rickrolling my family at a very special religious occasion
eating plastic
being in the same room as the guy they were looking for
getting so high I called the cops on myself. farting in a stranger s face
leaving a broken tower fan in my room
A STALKER GIRL BROKE INTO MY HOUSE AND GOT INTO MY BED IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT.
playing a mobile game on my phone during the last 10 minutes of class
getting tracked by the CIA/FBI
I may have ruined my sisters surprise proposal
not eating before a blood test
prank calling a single person mercilessly
wearing my pajamas to class, but I sleep in my underwear.
eating shrimps at a food market in Bangkok.
letting my rat out
masturbating to my sister.
not hiding stuff good enough.
not throwing my cat's food packages out
almost nutting in my pants at my physiotherapist
getting a raging boner and blowing my gas right in my physiotherapist's face
giving the dog a blood bath
telling a good friend i like him in a different way
almost freezing up a mountain with my gf
buying super plus tampons while seemingly being covered in blood
trying to skip my reading class
telling my roommate's mom I would make out with her
almost becoming an incel
fastening some bolts and learning about the butterfly effect.
Harassing my GF with a new UV flashlight.
not checking that the carhop at Sonic gave me (18M) the right food
playing darts on a window
not knowing exactly what I was talking about.
Attempting to Murder My Girlfriend
forgetting wedding rings exist.
buying $3000 worth of gift cards for my "boss"
doing le Sexy Time and exploding happy juice (lol) on my girlfriend's entire family
a phone purchace
thinking a shoplifter was an associate.
accidentally buying a chest binder and making my bigoted mother think I'm trans.THESE ARE THE 5 SOUTH VIETNAMESE GENERALS WHO ENDED THEIR LIVES ON APRIL 30, 1975, WHEN THE COMMUNISTS DEFEATED THEM AND THE VIETNAM WAR WAS OVER
changing my tax exemptions on my W4
asking a lady for directions
flipping off my brother
chasing after a man during lockdown
saying what i was thinking extremely loud..
going out last night at 9 and lying about where, and then not coming home until noon today.
taking a dick pic that only my sister has seen
I reached out to a classmate and took it to far
having a too hot bath causing horrible consequences
hacking a grandpa’s Facebook
getting my 9 year old sister addicted to gambling
buying KY Jelly at Walmart
posting my sex life in a for sale ad
drinking our of the wrong cup
hitchhiking but then mumbled my way out of getting arrested
I went to fart... I was wrong very wrong.
programming Echo and a front door security camera to do the same thing.
Getting Vomit in My Asshole
training my dog and ruining my sex life
living up to my username
trying to redeem an Amazon Gift Card, only for my account to get locked out
peeing on my PC while drunk
wondering if a battery was empty
smacking the shot out of my boss
sending a video of me doing drugs to my class group message.
traveling for 4 hours for nothing
manscaping my pubes using no clip
straying from the plan.
lying to my girlfriend about my age
Megan Thee Stallon is a young icon and social activist
not hiding my Jizz
giving my boyfriend a Christmas blowie.
enjoying a new sex toy so much that I strained my forearm
wiping my arse
flashing a stranger
mistaking a random child for my nephew
making my teacher think that i'm a robber. asking my now ex boyfriend to tell me his journey route
telling my bf I have baby fever
trusting the toilet paper holder
asking my to stay home because I am sick
getting a Spanish word confused.
getting lost in translation as gaeilge (in Irish)
getting reported to my employer over a Twitter debate.
self-inviting myself to a wedding 🤦🏻‍♀️
Bringing My Own Tea Bag to a Girl's House
getting interviewed while drunk
Dad, that isn't liverwurst
letting my dumbass friend have some coke and he drops it in pint
scarring the hell out of my son
my principal thinking I was going to be a school shooter. (spoiler I am not one nor will be)
wearing a pentagram badge in public
not closing a door
BUY TELLING MY MOM HOW I FEEL
Tmydogsfu
changing my zoom background to a porno scene
on getting in the wrong online classroom
my 5 steps
going to a wedding in France.
accidentally accusing player of cheating
telling a lawyer that his client was dead
HAVING SEX
when I ate the moldy fridge food when drunk on tequila.
broke my back while skiing
apparently, for being polite?
giving my wife's credit card number to everyone in a game server
finally snapping
risking it at 5 in the morning
TIF by going to dinner at my in-laws
reassuring my wife for days I could find toilet paper this weekend.
when I didn’t realize I was a socialist but continued to call myself a capitalist anyways
fantasizing about my new boss...
complaining to the police about my car that crashed into my local mafias car.
posting my opinion on Facebook.
The comments from the original post about this told me to do this.
making a Stephen Hawking joke.
CONGRATULATIONS YOU'VE WON CONGRATULATIONS YOU'VE WON
taking my dog to a new vet.
Forgetting to turn off Bluetooth
When you forget to hide the Jizz
starving some and over feeding one.
ruining my year and a half relationship
asking if your dad is coming to the theaters with you.
putting hot sauce up my dick
falsely accusing my BF of cheating and costing me the relationship
peer pressuring co worker
leaving my tooth craked
ruining a relationship with a cool guy, and making him think I'm a dick crazy furry
trying to fart in the shower
saving porn on my parents TV Receiver
having a poo in a dead old lady's toilet
dropping a load of bum gravy on a my GFs brothers friends shoulder
rejecting the attractive new girl in the office, pls dont judge - im married
Everyone who claims that islam is a "religion of peace" is very wrong
sending a meme to a group chat
Ruined a friendship update
grabbing medication in a dark bathroom without reading the label.
leaving an orange inside my clarinet during a concert.
forgetting to hide my personal toy
not having a job...
traumatizing my teenaged daughter with early 90's music videos
r/ setting my exes pussy on fire.
Technical Difficulties
falling asleep in class right after I accidently unmuted my mic.
because I wanted to handle my own money and not relay on my mom
Going on a Date After Months W/o Socializing or Drinking
calling my mom a tiger mom to her face
waking my fiance up
taking 6 dulcolax in an hour, after not shitting for 2 days.
accidentaly informing my bosses and colleagues that I want to blow my brain out to
Accidentally (Exposing) myself as a degenerate
not accepting my son as “gay”
being too defensive about bot accounts in a hook up sub
not realizing I need 2000 quiz views in 1 hour to pass my marketing class
Tried to cut out toxic ex took a bad time
taking half an edible that was way too strong for me.
being too damn thicc
taking a screenshot of a girl in her bra on Snapchat
accidentally leaving my fleshlight in the bathroom after showering.
jizzing directlly into a trash can.
saying m’lady and kissing a girl’s hand.
“roasting” an elderly in a rush
letting pregnant woman sit on my seat on a bus and came late to work.
owning a fluffy, shedding cat.
assuming what r/1000ccplus was
reading back my chat with mu ex girlfriend.
trying to hold helium in my lungs
when my 5,000 tampons exploded all over the baggage carousel
using Google autofill on my University application and ruining my future
talking to my mom about my girlfriend
answering the door for UPS
got blacked out drunk on new year
getting greedy for free cake and (possibly) got double-crossed.
completing an assignment I could've finished in an hour this afternoon at 4:14 in the morning.
going on a vertical drop water slide.
twisting my knee at work 😔
going to ask my girlfriend if she was okay
Realizing I Was A Simp
almost starting a house fire
going to a dance
I went to a small business and didn't buy anything/
why am i like this
answering a loud phone call during a quiet Zoom meditation class
kicking my little brother in the balls
asking my sister to invite her boyfriend to the lake house
I saw a spider before I went to bed and when I woke up it was gone
jogging in a close knit neighborhood
putting my hand on a grill that had just been used
telling my girlfriend she dropped her lube
underestimating the power of edibles
dropping an SBD in class
drinking an infused old fashioned
using shaving powder to get rid of pubic hair.
Demon Poop
Looking for Help to remove/report misleading YouTube video about DIY Hand Sanitizer
being locationally challenged.
my masturbating in school
getting my middle finger lodged in the hole of my water bottle.
because of multitasking and too good beliefs without warning signals active. XRP scam and I almost fell for it.
bringing a boy home to meet my little brother with autism.
pepper spraying my whole apartment
playing a PS2 game
shaving my Butt Crack
telling my entire class that Barack Obama fathered my two children.
grabbing a feral rat and getting bit and now I am the ER waiting to get antibiotics or rabies shots (update I don’t need the shots whew)
and made it look like a murder scene at Freddys
microwaving my cheetos in the microwave, lots of them are burned &amp; not edible, but they did get a lot crispier
Is dick vacuum result permanent? (Penis pumps)
fainting three times in a row out of self-inflicted pain
realizing that I (25NB) fell in love with my best friend (28 NB)
swearing
eating a lemon like an apple
losing a new SIM card
saying “are you deaf?!” (As an insult) Right next to the deaf kid.
getting robbed by New York crackheads
trying to be helpful and unwittingly scaring a woman
drinking a dunkin doughnuts coolata
using an entire bottle of expensive perfume
Today I fucked up by deworming my entire family without their or my knowledge
rubbing Powdered Activated charcoal on my face.
totally destroing my relationship with my mother
trying to end my life
and now I only have 9 toenails.
accidentally making fun of a handicap person in a movie theater.
coming out to my family.
bringing my sisters leotard to my wresting match
Using My Dildo While My Parents Were Out
me, myself and I.
being flirtatious
bleaching my butt
mistaking a shart for a fart.
ruining my wedding day/night by eating too much meat
googling the word spider
not changing the name of my PC when I started working from home.
using Bluetooth
reading the buttplug thread.
trying to look good for my casual friend
telling a girl she looked hot.
allowing my friends to frame a picture of my penis
reaching out in FB
Went with international dating at the wrong time.
jumping off a roof in a cheetha man thong and breaking the floorboards along with my balls
Fought with my brother
accidentally friend requesting a work colleague
accidentally "threatening" my girlfriend's dad.
attempting to start a food fight in 7th grade
not knowing what choking the chicken meant.
getting chased by an owl
not reading the label on degreaser
Why are "b" and "n" so close
TDIFU at my thanksgiving dinner
masturbating with my dick between the zipper of my pants
specifying that I mean movie shooting when I say shooting to an American
Poggers zulul epic epics here . tmartn nade spots on arkaden. Check it out
not checking timezones
breaking my feet toes and not going to the doctor
leaving a group my grandma made for me
cutting my downstairs area
I wanted someone to get punished by karma cuz they keep bringing a bunch of people who don’t live with him and risking he health and safety of everyone else in the apt
telling my coworkers about my chaffed dick
eating KFC and now I think I'm dying
taking my shirt off instead of my pants to pee
telling my old boy that trump is the Anti-Christ
losing my 3 years of work and 1 year of GCSE work
taking LSD and playing with slime
only having one working bathroom
pleasuring my ass without cleaning out
forgotten to put oil filter back when changing oil
sending my GF a big chungus video
while baking shortbread
not doing my homework in time
getting flavored creamer
asking someone to speak English.
trying to take a photos of my class for an article on reddit
asking to get tested for ADD
saying I’d draw a pentagram out of period blood.
Hhhh
having sex with my wife on Valentine’s Day
bringing up USA not having free healthcare to my very American grandmother
telling my crush that my confession was just an excuse TL:DR
asking a girl if her large breasts hit her in the face when she runs
Using Doordash (Shipping A Pedophile To My Door)
allowing quarantine to completely mess up my eating habits
almost crying in front of my boss
TIRU by exploring an Abandoned Asylum with friends.
forgetting long division.
automatically saying cheese
telling my MIL she’s the reason her son has crippling depression.
I just ate a piece of my braces with oreos
blowing om my neighbours croch
trying to eat a leather man.
making a joke about my friend’s mother forgetting that she had passed away due to COVID-19 recently
mistaking a customer for and employee and then making a scene
walking into a freezer with a coworker and getting locked in.
Showing a minor NSFW (By mistake)
teaching my 2.5 year old daughter to “make it rain”.
saying the F word
giving a stranger my address to fight me
looking at a picture of a naked woman while my 5 year old son was in the room
sucking two men then fucking my gf
using a toilet in a house with no running water
Lying to a tinder date
hating on my coworkers poster
I was removing tiles in my kitchen and sliced my finger open
believing my dog had a broken leg and having a mental breakdown because of it
saying "howdy" on a school classroom groupchat
inadvertently telling my boss I wanted to smash his wife
spilling chocolate milk on my floor
accidentally baiting my dog to bite my nose
preparing the house to be shown only to find my brothers sex toys.
leaving mid convo accidentally
I fucked up by telling my teacher about some stuff
For Buying Intimate Skin Whitening Cream
accidentally doxxing myself
losing my wedding ring and almost dying
asking shop clerk where the uncircumcised carts went. I meant unsanitised!
not being careful around glass bottles.
telling people I care about that we can’t be friends anymore because I was saving them from my ex.
gifting my boyfriend a 23andMe test for his bday
losing my girlfriend because of my selfishness while on reddit.
finally pushing back against an aggressive tailgater
trying to end my own life
making my fiancée think her favourite artist was a pedo.
when I realized I could’ve lost my virginity, twice.
really bad by almost killing a baby bunny
leaving three sex toys on my bedside table.
literally ruining my gran's zoom funeral
wearing my customs Covid-19 buttplug to work
getting discord nitro on the wrong account
walking around supporting hitler.
throwing walnuts in the street
using a soap dispenser
putting my dick in a portable pulse oximeter and injuring my foreskin
?  not following my instincts
messing with a doorknob and being stuck in the bathroom
taking my kids to see Super Troopers 2
/Tried to call police but my phone not allowed me to use the number
LPT - Yes, you CAN blame the dog instead of those 12 people you just called c#nts.
Buying Snake Food
TIL by getting way too high and dumping macaroni on my girlfriend's bra
getting type A flu then going to work work and most likely contaminating an entire airplane.
Confronting a handicap parking "faker"
Watching a JRE Clip at Work
muting most of the active members on my discord server
asking if my fiancé was singing downstairs.
telling my family I dont want them near my friends
By treating a customer like the idiot they are
today I accidentally said I’d steal if was desperate on a college class post
recording porn of myself when I was a teenager and then forgetting about it About
getting jealous of a little kid getting a ps5 for free
got pulled over by the cops on my way to a date with weed in the car in an illegal state with a expired tag.🤦🏽‍♂️
having the bookstore employee thinking I'm racist.
Lacerating My Fingers on a Brand New Chef's Knife!
thinking my boyfriend's dad abused him as a child
threw out my only keys in the garbage chute
Told my cousins gf she was most beautiful than my own girlfriend
using my roommate's digital camera to take pictures of myself.
playing a prank on my colleague that went south very quickly
making a whole entire hotel room into a bubble bath
making my girlfriend think I wanted her to sleep with a cab driver
NEW Music Video Sunshine 2020
not reading a book for months after I bought it and missing out on a free ticket to a concert.
sharing a very specific story on Reddit.
buying an expensive painting from a cute girl that I couldn’t afford.
I really fucked and i dont know what to do
Wearing buttplug to work.
My birthday
getting a prostate exam by my doctor and getting a boner...
revealing I had a scrotum removal to my girlfriend's parents
for telling a salesman his house sucked.
believing a kid was dying from brain cancer
feading my 5 year old turkey
sending a picture of my boyfriend wearing my bra to my mum and a group chat of gamers
not waking up.
asking for YouTube recomendations in /r/lounge
NOT NAPPING
leaving my little dog at my moms house so I could run errands
forgetting to mute my microphone in the washroom sticking my penis into a DVD
making a whiteboard fall in to a classmate's head
losing phone signal and almost getting shot
Sent me 1 dollar please!
calling someone ugly
having a full on dissociative episode during a hookup
letting my friend teach my parrot the n word
jacking off with headphones on
TIGU my not wearing underwear under my shorts on a walk to the post office.
not realizing my absentee ballot needed a stamp
By browsing reddit
introducing myself as my homie's boyfriend
Riding a train at the mall with my 2 year old almost resulted in my decapitation.
getting high and letting my dog kill my pet bird I loved so much.
spicing up the white elephant
going for a run while fasting
accidentally telling my GF she wasn't my soulmate
informing my parents about Zoom's security concerns
taking a shit. A gigantic shit.
while driving and not being aware
slapped breastfeeding mom and her infant
having so much sex
leaving fishing bait in my car
forgetting to turn in a check
telling a blind guy to enjoy the sunshine
being a funny and nice person.
By geting caught wanking the shmeat
playing with dolls
trying to bake a fancy treat
listening to a seller
puting one hand on a tabel tenis table
thinking that "Don't let the door hit you on your way out" was a polite saying
losing my wallet and my life's work
when my boss’s assistant found inappropriate on my work USB that I accidentally left in her computer
Flashing My Tits in a Photo Booth (NSFW)
By making dinner
Today I fucked up by showing off
HELP HELP HELP
not calling the police to humanely kill an injured deer
not hiding my "brownies" well enough.
not wearing bands on my teeth for 3 months
turning a corner on my scooter super late *!blood mention warning!*
dancing while cooking in the nude
eating a booger on the toilet and burning my penis with pepper spray
getting molten butter in my eye.
buying condoms in a rush
sending an extremely braggy text to the wrong whatsapp group
Sneeze or bless you?
telling my mom about my birthday gift
shooting myself in the hand.
telling a blind person I couldn’t see
taking LSD
talking about how much i hate religion in front of my (apparently) extremely religious friend
misjudging my girlfriend's clothing size and doing nasty things with them.
because of my dentures!
possibly failing a class I need to graduate on time
Calling a Random Stranger a Mother F***** Loudly to his Face
telling my bff that I have a rape fantasy
not knowing how stocks work
shutting down a kids hopes and dreams
cats and dogs for a year and getting arrested for bestiality
leaving weed brownies in my room which my sister found and ate
“losing” my phone
wanting to bang in a recliner
laughing at someone's dead dad during an interview
taking a picture with someone I've just met
TIFI by having the sexy sex
inadvertently making a man who’ve I’ve known for years to fall in love with me when that wasn’t my intention.
Getting Horny
pouring out Pringles on a plate
accidentally giving my dog a facial.
blasting porn in my car with my dad in it
edging during 14 day nofap
having lots of candy
not cleaning and creating a new neighbourhood behind my bed
eating fish
Today I fucked up by trying to help my stepsis out of the washing machine
mowing the lawn.
sneezing blood onto my pillow
24  - What if i told you
placing Pyrex on a hot burner
calling out a girl having a period
why you shouldn't let kids dance on desks
eating too many edibles (Marijuana)
Weaing women's perfume
starting a food-fight
A mouse in my oven rangehood
finding my own phone
singing 'I love it' by Kanye West and Lil Pump out loud during an online class.
when a girl kissed me and I drove off
accidentally revealing my dad's erotica collection to my mom and wife
Tify my CS exam with Reddit.
Crashed my parents car
declining an offer for my dream job.
i (a teenager) got drunk and waked up totally naked at like 13:00 pm in my room with the door wide open
whacking my friends phone to the ground
almost killing a guy with a snowball and getting playing snowball banned in my school
By not looking at my phone when my daughter woke up
taking not Motrin.
By saying “Mazel Tov!” too early
attempting self-care and getting a little too comfortable...
forgetting my bloody pen
Child-parent relation.
while watching a movie with my dad
Didn’t realise I was not muted on a work conference call and my boyfriend walked in and asked me if I’d smoked a bowl because it smells like weed.
causing my FWB to get committed to a psych ward
eating peanut butter
thinking ‘head cheese’ was a term for boss
Punctured myself with an awl
getting so high, I screwed up the kraft mac and cheese.
proclaiming my love to my best friends wife while also saying some not so great things about him.... and it was all caught on camera.
F’ing my way up..... the corporate ladder
my iPhone with a welder
putting a pool in my living room. No way to empty.
TIGU, called back recruiter on work phon, only to be overheard by VP of finance!
forgetting to mute my mic on zoom and talking about my professor
eating a bowl of interesting porridge oats
Screwing up my first sales pitch &amp; possibly lost a client
telling my mom i'm depressed
being lazy and not cleaning up
trusting my brother-in-law
being presumptuous about what a ‘performer’ is
trying to have dinner with my girlfriend
making a joke to my neighbor and he replied “oh yeah, I have cancer”.
wearing the wrong shoe size my entire adulthood
letting by boss overhear me say I experiment with smoking everything.
breaking a laptop trying to hang up a picture
sending a private message with co-worker to the CEO
shitting in my shower.
scrolling through Instagram only to find out that Chadwick Bozeman is dead.
By almost setting my bedsheets on fire
What is
offering to help
kippering my farts.
not checking my spam folder
forgetting to clean my house before maintenance came per a work request
eating a firebug.
looking like I was trying to lure neighborhood kids.
having the best dream of my life turn into a nightmare, and ending up in the hospital as a result.
accidentally broadcasting the wrong thing in public
accidentally making a sexual joke to my mum
T-boning a car with my body going down a hill
breaking a mirror and putting my friends grandpa in a coma
watching Logan Paul's "The Thinning" (both parts)...
masturbating and slathering oil all over my boobies (I'm female)
having a panic attack at a hair salon
trying to get a PS5
losing 300 dollars
dancing to Life is a Highway
telling my friends' family I wanted to eat ass.
popping my one of my boyfriends pimples.
telling my fake friend all my secrets for social acceptance
not thinking straight
and learned what means.
telling my friends family he banged his cousin
pooping during a Zoom call
Trying to outsmart a Keurig
calling a lady's dog 'Pooden' instead of the dogs real name
making my supervisor cry answering the job interview question "where do you see yourself 5 years from now?"
angrily starting an online class.
telling my dad to get his ass on discord or I’d release his adoption papers
almost getting a DUI
telling my mom about my sexuality...
hiding a baseball bat in the trunk of my car.
I going out drinking the nite before a four hour bus trip with a group of strangers.
With a Spicey Afternoon Tip-n-Tap
getting a chemical burn on my feet
losing 1500 hours worth of Nintendo Switch save data
calling my FIL during sex.
playing music too loud in the car
I fucked up really badly by missing my chance to get a girlfriend
sexting my best friend.
having my dad deal with a stripped screw
almost killing my chemistry teacher
creeping out a girl I just started talking to
almost killing my grandpa and splitting up the family
taking my A+ certification exam on no sleep.
being a month late to enroll.
erasing my MacBook
I was caught in an indecent situation
defeating my niece in a tennis match and losing her friendship
being bored and capable of building things
entering a zoom class with the wrong name
not knocking before u went into the bathroom
losing my daughter's poop
getting lung damage:)
eating an artichoke.
eating too many cheetos before going down on my boyfriend
Accidentally made my teachers think I was cutting myself.
loudly telling 10 of my colleagues to fuck off
not realizing I was high.
i learned the hard way that mocha is basically code for "a lot of fricking caffeine"
getting drunk and going to a pingpong show
boxing with my girlfriend
when I came in my gf (but not bc of it)
turning my wife into a purple smurf
pulling the bonnet lever at the gas station and thinking that I didn‘t pull the gas door release hard enough
sexually assaulting my friend in school....
Tiffu on my bowling did batsman hit 9 sixes(60 runs)
talking shit for a rule the principal made and they called my parents
sending a song to my crush 2 years ago
falling through my back porch
sexing a sexy sex
big shit to bigger problem
TIFY by outing myself as an aspiring sex offender
accidentally unmuting myself on zoom while the plumber was unclogging my toilet.
touching my girlfriend in a place she wasn’t ready to be touched.
DnD edition) by Putting Faith a Deck of Cards
shaving my bits for a dick pic, like I'm a teenager, and not a 45 year old grown ass man (NSFW)
thinking my roommate was having sex while I was in the room
kissing my friend (F15) thinking it was a different friend (M15) and they're dating
my last chance to pass my class
sharing a highly offensive Kobe Bryant meme involving beef on Facebook.
A Direct Result of “Play Stupid Games, Win Stupid Prizes.”
texting a friend to tell her of an embarrassing episode with her son.
making my boyfriend think I got kidnapped
Habits Don’t Die
telling my boss to f*ck the police.
being 'that guy' at a job interview
forgetting my girlfriend's birthday.
While in the bathroom at Church
following a car down a blocked off road and ruining many peoples’ day
eating a vegan hot dog
calling the radio.
going on an African Safari
saying bro
inadvertently confessing to my 18 y.o. son that I look at porn, while suggesting to him to monetize his hobby through payments catering to pornterpreneurs.
ejaculating in my mouth (NSFW?)
telling my crush my feelings for her
asking if my female boss if she was going to take a huge shit
taking my friends' petty challenge
not hearing my mom come in to check my history.
not turning on my internet.
telling my wife that my new Adderall prescription has given me major Penis shrinkage
getting fingered without knowing my period started.
trying to by a Nintendo Switch
accidentally calling my posh girlfriend's mother "baby".
using a sexual word for a different meaning
calling my UPS guy hot.
wanting to shake hands naked
sending a photo to the wrong person.
not wearing underwear last night
trying to be funny to a customer
burning my gfs crotch while she was on a job interview
taking a crap while a poor lady stared into my soul pooping while a doctor is staring at me
breaking my girlfriends heart
trying to manipulate someone.
missing out on a possible date by trying not to be creepy
spilling alcohol on my desk
using my reversing cameras
getting drunk before alcohol test
I let one go infront of my whole class
getting drunk at a party. I'm doing it again saturday.
by responding to the wrong question
Committing a Minor Hit and Run
and told a cop I break the law every day
playing a videogame and emotionally scarring my sisters.
wearing a mask to the school today.
wearing high heels
accidentally adding a member of Al-Qaeda on Snapchat
almost getting shot while singing Katy Perry.
I'm no psycho but...
buying a game on steam for $13 and having the sale end on me while buying, charging me $40
flooding my basement
walking into the men’s locker room
getting food poisoning in South Korea
with opening my Skype 1 on 1 with a view of my crotch
By talking to my family on the phone, on the way home from a mental hospital, in a Lyft
not washing my bellybutton
telling my classmate, we can present next in an online class
walk in my living room unannounced.
having a quickie with my wife
posting my vagina on Facebook TL
banging my mom and my sister instead of my girlfriend and her best friend
purchasing a wrong book
and I got grounded for a lifetime not to cook.
playing music too loud behind closed doors
I paid a lot of money to an ISP just to get screwed over.
taking a sip of an old pop
twisting my testicle at school.
telling a widow nobody‘s going to die because of her
cutting up a $350 blazer
teaching my 2 year old cousin 'fuck'
wanting to finish my dream this morning
drinking too much while on a business trip
spraying a mass amount of bear spray in a car
Cumming in Boxers while sleeping
having to give my grandmother the talk about the internet
sending a woman flowers at work. She got mad.
accidentally making a patient think she was giving me oral sex while having a procedure for her varicose veins
losing my job
showing a woman in her underwear to my tutor while I was sharing my screen.
being naked in front of my boyfriends mother.
trying to ask out my coworker
Not logging out of my school Email for the summer
trying to help a hurting toe
accidentally getting my own bike stolen from me
dropping my external hard drive. Today, I had the choice between dropping my nutella toast or my external hard drive. I chose to save my nutella toast. I stumbled upon something lying on the floor with my external hard drive in my right hand and a Nutella toast in my left hand.
Kippered farts are dangerous.
wanting a salad with supper yesterday
hooking up with a married man for 6 months and telling his wife
hitting the family dog with my car
literally pissing myself in bed...
Condoms are made from latex....I'm allergic to latex
calling my great uncle my grandpa
making my teacher think that i'm a robber.
breaking my wife’s deceased grandparents 65 inch tv
Finding My Grandparents Sextape
accidentally deleting my favorite game
while describing my girlfriends eyes to her
sending a text message to the wrong person and being the biggest asshole ever
not disabling Discord notifications
doing the deed with the girl of my dreams nsfw
sending a friend of mine an audio on WhatsApp where I seemed angry as hell while my intention was to joke
Buy Negative Google Reviews
setting off alarms during a threesome
falling asleep in a zoom call
getting carpal tunnel syndrome from masturbating too much.. getting carpal tunnel syndrome from masturbating too much
going all Karen at Walmart over my own error
fucking random girl at party
accidentally sending a dickpic to my class groupchat. (NSFW)
calling a student by their preferred name.
becoming a mafia boss at age 12
My GFs mom finds my sex stuff
dozing off and sleep-gilding a random post
how I embarrassed myself in front of my new dentist.
mixing up my prosthetics and running the London marathon on my hands
A scaleable situation
STEALING from my crush's dad
watching the movie Goon with my 8 year old son
saying a joke too loudly
not trying to take an important exam 4 times before the last possible try and fucking it all up at the end by being cocky and stubborn.
almost hitting my PS5 controller repetitively thinking it was broken
hiding the remote..
wanting exercise equipment for Christmas.
fucking my dads couch
dropping a knife
rimming my boyfriend
thinking this sub good moderators
leaving a Mop Bucket Unattended at work
$1000 idiocy
getting my grandma facebook
having polygamous gay sex while on DMT in a hot tub also incest foreskin burned and Karen owned
not doing my math work
getting too drunk on my birthday
spitting a mouthful of soda at my crush
having my husband's wedding ring on my keychain.
Taking A Shit And Sending It To My Crush.
threatening my calling my colleague and calling him a a motherfucker in a meeting
having my account open in a tab during screenshare for work
Parent learns the importance of phrasing
burning myself with boiling water while making delicious pasta
falling of a chair while convincing ny teacher to give me a few extra marks
Finally hit a vape
farting in an empty office room
by gagging a cum tissue onto my brother's bed
showing adult content during my final Matlab presentation
letting a spider live
thinking I loved someone.
my gran's funeral
stomping on a whippit can and fucking myself up for a moment.
accidentally sounding rasict at work
Letting a girl blow smoke into my mouth
after getting high with my fianceé
using racist comment in front of my boss
TIFY by having an explosive diarrhea at work
leaving my doorbell sound as the default iPhone notification sound
and burned my left boob.
giving my kid an after dinner snack.
getting my name as a scar.
By doing what I thought was the best thing that I could've for my child
making a moaning sound during a Zoom call
making several poor decisions with Super Glue
giving away my SSN at a local store and almost becoming a victim of identity theft
accidentally friend-zoning a tinder date and getting creepy trying to undo it
shitting
marathoning Fox News.
insulting my first potential gf
booking a flight for the wrong timing
forgetting I was unmuted
missing my f***ing cake-day !
getting a famous pornstar to quit Reddit
singing Rammstein at work
comparing the coronavirus to a cloud to my 4 yo, now she's terrified of clouds.
blinding myself looking at my poo
getting off right in front of my grandpa
not turning off the bluetooth connection on my phone
Being a Jerk in Front of My Sister's Family
I told one of my best friends I was in love with her...
putting 24L of milk on our basement rack
Pretending to be Batman then telling a Apple employee i pooped myself(didn’t actually poop myself)
not knowing who Robert Plant is
"installing" DX12
accidentally clicked share-screen instead of mute; accidentally sharing my discord server that was thirsting over muscular men
sending a voice message in the wrong group
drinking a cup full of ash and spit.
shitting myself in the bathtub
one guy so badly because he attacked 17 y old girl
sleeping while doing school work.
catcalling a cat without checking my surroundings.
Thinking I’d get the girl. NSFW
I hate being THAT guy at my work place.
not understanding how buying stocks works... whilst being high
hitting a Delta 8 THC Dab Pen
believing in love at first sight
not teaching my step sons about our new bidet.
nearly dying by overdosing on meds.
opening my second Reddit account for "research" infront of all my friends. liking my mortal enemy on Tinder
going to an interview
helping a lady get over her fear of escalators and probably leveled up her fear by falling myself
joining a tournament and having to fight the best teams from the start
I ended a friendship
thinking I could wear 5 inch heels
J
ny getting too close in golf
not understanding what a maxi pad is for
telling my mom that I was masturbating while we were on a plane.
deleting some research data from my external hard drive
going for a walk
having a huge and colorful bong clearly visible on the background of my university Zoom class
spam dialing 911 trying to get online
potentially almost getting murdered
grabbing what I thought was my girlfriends butt
trying to rescue an owl from my chimney
getting too drunk on the job
I masturbated with shampoo and it burns so much and my skin looks weird!
playing Fallout 4
giving myself a super hard spanking before needing to sit on my ass for hours
I will never get an internship
almost getting arrested for soliciting a prostitute
accidentally building and installing an entire short block for the wrong car.
stroking my cats butthole
burning myself on the stove
You mite wanna hear this
getting high at braums
sending dickpics and facepics to a scammer who is trying to extort me!
tricking my roomate into watching "The Witch" instead of "The Witcher"
having a threesome and slicing my vagina
making a joke about being able to handle post anesthesia with ease
trying to be silly
being electrocuted by KFC Wet Wipes.
when I tried to do a quickie with some guy I found on Grindr at the airport.
What is Breast Cancer in Men: Know the Symptoms, Causes, awareness and Treatments
Anal play gone wrong.
and bought drugs in front of the Police...
not putting sunscreen on my son
not turning off my Bluetooth before watching porn.
vaping.
using an Arnold Schwarzenegger accent during sex and yelling “For Mother Russiaaa” while nutting and now my girlfriend is pissed at me and not talking to me because I killed the mood.
chasing my dog in nothing but boxers and fuzzy slippers...
making my teacher angry.
Chestnut Spikes Everywhere...
looking at my maps while driving resulting in a DUI
helping someone do coke in public.
breaking up with my (ex)girlfriend.
glasses broke right in half
just breaking my father laptop
making a girl think I liked her
not asking if my date was a Trump supporter
telling George Papadapoulos "ok boomer"
Awkward casting
not using commas
letting my preschooler run naked around the house.
TIFY my life
forgetting I got sent mealworms for part of my research
showing my boss a spy kids fantasy (NSFW)
Intercom mishap
please don't make fun of me.
signing a lease that is gonna cost me 10k
having chicken for both lunch and dinner
having a "There's Something About Mary" moment...kind of, then being a horndog
standing to close to my grandmother.
doing laundry with steel wool in a pocket.
discovering I live in a safe, dry neighborhood
putting decaf espresso in the regular espresso machine
Left $150 of weed on the counter of a food truck. F*ck.
purchasing fabric from China. Not worried about getting Coronavirus, just getting the fabric here on time to make a garment for a wedding. Delays around the world due to the global freak out.
accidentally becoming a Pentecostal
Telling Someone That I Didn’t Like Their Girlfriend
using a fake name for a tv streaming service
I didn't put the dog out of the room and got cock blocked. Also experienced the frustration of sex after 40.
completely forgetting my cake day
being HoH and wanting to listen to music
not inspecting my jeans
letting my friend's PC overheat for years
getting into a minor car accident
Don't trust People they will let you down everytime
nicking my nuts
Broke my waffle-maker
congratulating my Mentor on not being dead
Hey guys, I am looking for a post!
broke my neck, head, spine, teeth, and most importantly my dignity
answering the door to UPS
napping.
accidentally insulting my friend when they said they were trans
cleaning my grandma's computer
having my mouth open while changing my toddlers diaper
getting my son a train for his birthday
saying the n-word
not prefacing myself on a not very apparent rule in a sub.
not getting how the reddit hide button works
drinking a smoothie on an empty stomach
checking to see if an employee of the gas company was doing okay.... And he was doing much better than expected.
buying an annual subscription that I won't use.
asking my mom to throw away an old suitcase
Leaving Tweezers In My Pocket
drinking Cow titty juice and ruining my ability to play a game I’ve waited 7 years for.
trying to put screen protection myself
going to a bar for the first time with my friend
looking at Google docs
marking myself as a dependent on my 2019 taxes
cutting a watermelon
drowning sorrow in unprotected sex
not watching enough antique roadshows before it was to late
joking around and calling a manager bad at her job.
cheesegrating my arm
putting peppermint in my bath
The Brits (Beer Shits)
Please help me I took 680mg of caffeine not making a scene at the restaurant when I ran into my hookup
Not Falling in My Kitchen
using hand sanitizer
getting involved in work drama
telling my friends to wear cologne before playing in a smash tournament.
showing how detailed my activity meter works.
Mistook Clorox wipes for personal wipes in bathroom
Sabotaging my Wife During a Friendly Bake- off.
asking my wife to get me an octopus
accidentally OD-ing on my meds
laughing my butt of t my boyfriend getting shocked. Repeatedly
assuming I knew what the George Floyd situation is.
trying to swallow a Milk Whopper candy whole.
telling a coworker she was "drippin"
putting strip clubs as google maps destinations, during my obsession with public transportation
cooking dinner late
revealing the baby's gender
getting head at my wife's grandparent's house
creepily internet stalking an old crush.
having mom shout Cellulite
accidentally sending my teacher something I didn't mean to.
seeing a cute girls boobs on accident
giving myself AIDS hold it in
getting banned by tinder for 10 years while attempting to create a profile for Corona.
telling a coworker (kind of) how I feel
eating a booger on a zoom call
getting nicotine posioning at work
killing toriel
sexing sex
Mom Walked in
experimenting my sexuality
eating too many edibles and getting myself the sack
explaining how monkeys masturbate
teaching my dog that water comes from taps accidentally buying procreate pocket
breaking the toilet
sneezing point blank into my wife's face
promising my son sweeties
accidently lighting a firework in my friend's room
sending my girlfriend a copypasta
not labeling an old paint bucket
accidentally jerking off near my window
deleting all family photos from my childhood
technically being a perv
doing an enema before anal (NSFW)
telling my husband I was molested.
trying to be dominant with my partner while he played CoD with his friends
accidentally sending my teachers my "homework" folder.
all of 48hrs between back-to-back 30 day Facebook bans
running for my bus
getting Tiger Balm on my ballsack
almost drowning in a pit of human waste.
having a piss dream
going to my friends house
buying a sex toy with moaning sound
stepping on lego
eating jalapenos nonstop for three days in a row.
breaking the shower curtain bar
gifting a Crock-Pot on my wife's birthday
flashing my parents-in-law
not doing anything about the faulty earthing on my microwave
responding terribly in my online class
Last name “Fucked Up” First name “I”
giving my girlfriend oral after sex
I almost blew up my microwave.
Pp hurt (alot)
saying cock
making myself look like a complete moron by locking by keys in my car on a second date
kicking my child in the face, waking my entire house.
being a narcissist asshole and getting dumped on.
cleaning my eyes with Clorox wipes after being thrown up on igniting my balks with the wrath of Satan.
giving two pints of blood all in one go.
not asking about my family situation
misusing the labelmaker at work and might lose my job
spilling a drink into my tv.
not raising FB messengers has an auto voicemail
trying to get revenge on my friend and accidentally getting my whole friend group banned on PlayStation
changing my iPhone contact image to the guy from huge dong prank
leaving half an onion in the back of the fridge
My Friend came out and I thought she was joking
not calling AAA
making a Lutheran coworker at work cry
pissing on my face
listening to my parents advice in 2012 and then making the same mistake every year since.
accidentally liking an old photo in a girl's Instagram
Can you take too much accutane?
being single too long
laughing at my chemistry teacher proeject
Coronavirus
A tinder convo
sharing my hot water bag with flatmate who is very unclean and unhygienic
laughing at the death of my friend's relative
My father saw me kissing the screen
suggesting the WORST date movie ever and ruining my chance with a girl. (NSFW)
More like today I did something embarrassingly sexual to make all the men in reddit horny.
possibly damaging a very old coin
I complained about my neighbors' dog barking
locking out the neighbor’s laundry on the balcony with my padlock
smashing my boyfriend's toe in front of his whole family
trying to make bread
accidentally putting IcyHot Pain Releaving Cream on my balls
doing hoodrat stuff with my homies and not wearing a mask
farting and shutting down an assembly line.
not accepting my cat's sacrificial offer
deepthroating a banana in front of my dad
falling down the main stairs (in the main lobby) in my city's most crowded library.
not using proper precautions while masturbating.
playing cheerleader
making my hand a sweet treat
watching the Witcher at my dentist
trying to be Henry Cavill
after reading a Reddit post that inspired me to look higher.
why masturbation makes me (19, F) feel sick
putting something in the blue mail box at the corner.
cutting my thumb off
being violated by a spider
making my whole dorm think I'm a potential shooter.
overloading my circuit breakers with heaters and speakers
HOW I WAS LEFT WITHOUT HALF A DRESS AT THE DANCE COMPETITION
tearing my frenulum scaring the shit out of my gf.
and used 3 months worth of birth control in one month
probably getting a friend of mine fired.
leaking 300L of beer out of a tank into the basement of the bar I worked...
calling my grandpa a bitch
naming my penis after my roommate during foreplay
seeking shelter in a garage during a storm.
letting my wife convince me to prank our 4 year old
wrestling my husband
sleeping with my Boyfriends(M18) younger brother(M16)
not realizing that snap notifies people when you screenshot anything
dislocating my partners jaw during sex.
getting high before a zoom class meeting and spraying coffee all over my new laptop.
would you watch again your ex sex tape when you already move on?
By having poo problems.
sneezing during sex
breaking elevator etiquette
getting both of our vehicles stolen
trying to play a prank on my friend.
checking a laptop
Got a Trump supporter’s daughter pregnant out of spite. (Allegedly)
DESTROYING MY JUUL VAPE DEVICE WITH JIZZ.
not understanding what a beggar wanted.
owning a bidet
making my mum think I'm gay
staring at the sun for too long!
fucking up shit with this girl I was spking to and she ended up blocking me on everything
telling my team I’ve got a new job.
connecting to my mom’s Bluetooth
spilling caustic chemicals on my hands and wrists
showing my son superhero movie trailers
letting a skunk inside a party
messing up a speech in front of half my class because of my idiot nerves.
making my mom never give my allowance again.
Today I fucked it by forgetting a -ed
accidentally stalking a girl at a park
leaking porn on my mic during a test
sharing a secret pregnancy
going to a conservative religious meeting on Zoom while accidentally high
I had to shit when work was closed
calling a lady a fat bitch on here face and getting lectured by her!
telling my sister my switch doesnt have memory
cruising Hinge right after sex w/ my GF
saving a company money
accidentally creating a false bomb threat causing the entire school to go on lockdown
going hiking
Led my coworkers astray.
letting my secret come out
I F@#%*$ Up Christmas
moving into a “relationship” too fast.
asking you guys for a challenge
accidentally sending an email to my manager before I finished writing it
holding a baby simba style facing me
If meth is made of cold and flu tablets. Do the people that use it still get sick?
accidentally revealing to everyone I (25M) was cheating on my girlfriend (24F) for her sister (22F) at Christmas lunch
not making my humour obvious enough and now some girls think I'm really childish.
dropping an entire tub of coffee grounds.
squirting liquid poo down the shower drain.
smoking weed inside my tiny storeroom, being stuck inside and getting paranoid while my neighbour spies me
not getting a payment from a customer
not stretching enough
I think I need to sack the house cleaner
thinking someone was hiding inside my roof
letting a kid kill a lizard
finding out that my liver is damaged
having a drink and getting horny
Breaking my 3DS' Charging Port
not telling my boyfriend I was on HRT
playing Pokémon GO
eating in my room
getting sad at a cake
spraying my friend in the eyes with vinegar
helping my friend do photography.
outing myself as gay to my very religious teacher in front of the whole class out of rage
misapprehending dusk as dawn.
bringing cake through airport security
trying to earn some money selling nudes
being behind my wife on the couch
announcing my co-worker's (surprise) proposal to his would-be fiancé
and bought reddit coins
sexxing my new wife into a brain lesion
cutting my toddlers hair
picking up my dog’s poop
buying a home waxing kit
calling my ISP
not waiting a few days to post
talking crap about my manager right in front of him
jerking off in the living room I got to know my family's secrets
Today I Fucked Up by trimming my eyebrows
confusing grape juice with wine while taking antibiotics.
looking into my father's Google History and finding lots of porn
rules ?
I found my mum's sexting history
trying to hide my penis from my neighbors.
causing a billion dollar marketing company to crash and burn
I fucked up by asking for a spare pair of pants..
fucking up basic math in front of a very smart colleague
pretty badly.
not being a fan of Christopher Columbus
forgetting to use a guard on the grooming clippers while trimming my dog’s face.
Taking the Bartender's Recommendation
Travelling
how do you know someone is lying you?
trying to make small talk at a grocery store
not wanting to fall for a joke.
unitentionally hitting on our exchange student from the US
to driving across Texas without realizing I had the “avoid highways” setting turned on in Google Maps.
getting caught jacking off in the gym sauna
telling my 3 year old cousin that Santa isn't real
accidentally sleeping with my friend's wife
getting caught with my gf grinding on my dick
calling about a job
nearly getting my friend killed
evacuating my entire building
cause I fed some fish
sending an eBay scammer an expensive item.
listening to "rape me" in clase
I fought a spider. I broke 3 fingers.
Ffhiokkgddd
rushing to write my exam rushing for a late exam
almost killing myself
forgetting I had a work meeting today.
opening a pornhub link from my childhood bestfriend. complimenting my Bubbe’s new oven.
running down a stream in a trash bag
actually believing a guy died
I accidentally hit a kid with a basketball
sending puppy pics to my boss
taking too many stool softeners.
not helping someone pull weeds
Terrible at following directions.
calling my superior baby
being horny, nearly breaking the hairdryer and setting myself on fire
wasting a great nut
accidentally flashing the contractor next door.
I smell like fish...
possibly making a married couple get divorced
drowning in boxes
turning into a lane going the wrong way.
telling a girl that I`m virgin when we were at her place.
trying to scare my friend but actually ended up breaking into his house when he wasn't home and freaked out his older sister.
30 miles from home, no gas, forgot debit card at home
fingering my older sister instead of my girlfriend
using my roommates shower rag
sexually harassing a minor
having coffee at 9pm
handing almost all of my money to a scammer
thinking Veterans Day is a holiday. Getting fined by the city for thinking wrong.
going a little too hard during sex
You said you were going for a “piss”
They should be telling dad
calling my friend's mother "daddy"
I caused myself to mistaken having Covid-19 instead realizing I might have had a caffiene overdosed from two Zazubean dark coconut&amp;almost dark chocolate bars.
trying to clean the kitchen sink and almost killing all three of my birds.
pooping directly into the palm of my hand
not checking my cover letter
questioning the powers of the almighty moderators, resulting in my ban from the subreddit.
with voice impressions
eating chips in front of my boyfriend
saying no to my female supervisor’s invitation to attend a conference with her at a posh restaurant.
trying to shower at my moms house. She has shitty plumbing.
making people mad in two gamegrumps subs.
shaving my pussy and having like 10 ingrown hairs.
How to Disinfect Home Air from New Coronavirus COVID-19
telling my mom my Christmas list early.
threatening an old hag in dnd
not charging my headphones
mixing up the hot and cold buttons on my water dispenser.
drinking a milkshake then walking a mile
calling the cops on my step dad.
Fast Food Served Without Gloves... And I Ate It :(
scalding my butthole
almost setting my pillow on fire while I slept
interpreting someone signalling me for my broken headlight as in invitation for a drag race.
accidentally teaching my brother the concept of anal sex saying everyone could see colour next to a blind person.
combining my 3 favorite dieting techniques all at once
googling my celebrity look alike
having an orgasm during a haircut
leaving my online class late by 3 minutes. (pls tell me what to do)
letting my sister in law mentor my girlfriend
rushing to the toilet and pissing all over myself.
reading Heresy
losing my childhood bestfriend AGAIN
continuing my habit of pissing in inappropriate places while sleepwalking on Christmas night.
suggesting my family watch a borderline porn movie
not knowing what black coffee is
flipping off 2 bosses at a job interview
accidentally faking my own death
saying "power flicker"
trusting a deceptive fart
taking a shirtless selfie with my own phone.
making a subreddit called r/angrycockvote
not putting up a net
losing a condom inside me during sex.
sneezing at work
thinking you can walk a cat
faking bad eyesight
neglecting safety measures and becoming a fungus colony as a result
swatting a fly with my hand
asking my parents if they’d ever choose to be a porn star
not being harsh enough
thinking a trans woman was actually a trans man
looking at the FBI sex offender list for offenders in my area
crashing my vespa
asking my girlfriend to pop a big pimple on my butt
not taking my mild UTI seriously
telling my fellow campers to masterbate together.
getting robbed.
cleaning my shitty arse in a blocked shower, leaving my new gf to discover a shower of shite.
going pee in the middle of a meeting.
slipping in the bathroom
trying to organize/color code my bead collection.
watching the film 'The Brown Bunny' with a girl
selling a TV
leaving my stp in the shower
telling my cruch that my convinced to her was just an excuse to make her stay awat from me for while
Ran over my laptop with my car at work
when I embarrassed myself in front of my new dentist
Today I fucked up, buy not strapping down my iPhone on a motorcycle trip
entering someone else's car
while delivering a pizza
using a soap soaked sponge to peel potatos
not responding to my girlfriend and looking at reddit memes
At least it wasn’t (another) STD...
falling asleep with the TV on and then waking up after a vivid nightmare and think there are demons in my living room.
sending a pic to a dude that wasn’t edited well
bragging to a bald(ing?) woman about my hair
joking about a disabled/crippled kid’s leg transport
letting a guy wiggle my hair between his toes
implying to strangers that I engage in illegal beastiality.
almost getting mauled by a Bear
trying to sell my car
letting a priest catch me beating it
Letting a Woman Believe I'm in a Relationship with my Father
carrying a Covid positive baby
punishing a student who was observing ramadan with the smell of a chicken sandwich
putting Playdoh on my face to mess with my 4 Y/O
and now my parents think I'm into frog pee
not throwing away a 'dirty tissue'
thinking that I was alone.
/ making a grilled cheese with no cheese and bread.
ruining the story of an old family heirloom.
reminding a dude how strong his wife's ex sperm is......
losing glasses on walk
Asparagus Pee
buying a microwave because I thought ours was broken - TLDR @ The Bottom
faking my own death as a joke blacking out at a work do and biting someone
I’m having a coronial.
Broke both arms and shatter one wrist into 45 fragments by give a friend a ride
checking the wrong box on a tax return.
letting my girlfriend bring home other girls
Today I almost caused a collision while merging on the Interstate.
not recognizing Dr Suess on Read Across America Day
a surprising my wife and probably by sharing this...
buying honey mead for my girlfriend.
accidentally hitting my mom's eye with a tennis ball
forgetting my boss sent me porn last year.
dropping a used butt-wipe on my boss
Today I fucked up by not turning off my Bluetooth before watching porn.
I fucked up with my relationship
Health insurance &amp; understanding balances.
Left a half eaten sandwich in the car.. never again!
drinking my girlfriend's bath water
TIFI By wiping my greasy face with my sperm...
going to r/cbtbdsm
Not moving away from falling boxes
cracking a bad joke about a date's career-field
kissing one of my good friends
for living in an action movie
losing the game.
missing the right hole for my first sex
taking 2CB in work, talking to my boss, and having my father see me and my friends trip balls
letting a person get close to me just too repeatedly tell me how much they like and respect me..then friendzone
making Redditors think a streamer aimbot and causing them to get hate
blowing my chance to have one of my song played on Toronto’s alternative rock radio station by attaching the wrong mp3 to the email AND THEY PLAYED IT 😳
lying on Reddit
using super glue
How a bad day turns into a worst night
I have been fucking up for months not family and I may be homeless.
not knowing the make of my husbands car
I was the entitled coworker...
trying to sell my engagement ring
getting into trouble because of a broken printer at school
getting someone in trouble who possibly saved me from harassment/assault
spilling a bucket of bleach water at school and soaking the wrong mop trying to clean it up
just saying "cheese"
accidentally letting my cat drink alcohol
throwing $500 away at work
sending a dick pick to most of my snap streaks
cooking with/ingesting cigarette butts.
Today i fucked up by popping out my kneecap 3 1/2 hours before Midnight
Bomb squad blew up my leftovers.
By accidentally seeing my sister topless while walking by her room.
reviewing a peers essay draft
giving my dog a bone
and ruined everything
also by napping and on the couch and trusting my brother to wake me up.
seeing the wrong result and having an asthma attack.
thinking my stomach was going to explode from being kinky.
slinging cum across my room
eating old mince
walking into a spiderweb and ripping my earring out
Tofu by procrastinating
making food I’m the middle of the night!
shitting myself during an online test
saying the C word in a meeting at work, twice
messaging a guy that ghosted me
showing my students my psychological dirty underwear.
eating Taco John’s
blasting extremely loud earrape spongebob music while I was having an orgasm
accidentally paying my dad with my foot photo account on Cashapp
going to my girlfriend's house having sex in a car at my gf's ex husband's house
petting a stray cat
today I lost my AirPod pros
not throwing out food in my closet and now my entire closet is infested with maggots and larvae.
making myself sound like a racist to an uber driver in New Orleans
joking about abortion
getting high and accidentally playing random porn through my speakers :(
downloading iFunny
playing "Welcome to the CUM Zone' for the whole family on Zoom playing "Welcome to the CUM Zone" at full volume on a family Quiz
accidentally revealing to my crush I like her
insinuating that a black man is half a person.
almost letting a creepy old guy behind a computer catfish and ruin my life
toasting cat piss and ruining my kitchen for the day
Do y’all watch YouTube ? If so I guarantee after watching my most recent two videos you will wanna subscribe the link is down below. And if you don’t enjoy it I’ll cashapp you $5
forgetting my wife had incriminating evidence against me for somethings I did recently.
setting my bidet to max
My dog at weed, I thought she was dying.
selling Tesla stocks
Friend asked me to be his wingman, girlfriend got mad.
telling a woman with brain damage I have short memory loss
making lunches before I had coffee
changing the settings of my lucid dreaming mask so that it would loudly play the FF7 victory fanfare whenever I started a REM cycle and then entering REM 37 times in one night
impregnating a watermelon
not knowing a man is blind
Possibly missed an opportunity of a lifetime.
starting the generator and then touching the fish tank.
trying to grow vegetables in the garden
cutting my hand open.
starting gay rumors
getting stuck in Russia for 2 days
accidentally dying my entire body purple
being too sensitive.
really botching a text message to a friend
sending a corrupt CV for the last year and that most Linley being the reason why I haven't received a word from any employer.
not understanding a joke in math class.
trusting Apple support with fixing my MacBook
assuming a guy was trans because he had moobs
not locking the toilet door
not realizing my aunt was a swinger.
Subscribing to a local girl on Onlyfans and openly displaying my first and last name.
wearing hand me down pants
bowel-prepping for my colonoscopy
losing 20 pounds
cold burning my balls Infront of a fan while playing with my Lil'Buddy down stairs.
I Thought The Jug In My Step-Dad's Van Was Apple Juice..........It Was Something Else.
Not telling my girlfriend I took viagra
bringing pizza on my bag
I farted in front of my entire class in middle school
impaling my forearm on a fence because thinking of a girl
eating peanuts
sleeping with the brother of my SO
almost walking right into a Skunk, and cutting myself.
contaminating an airline with the flu virus and possibly spreading coronavirus panic!
telling a grocery cashier I used to have their job
Today I fricked up by going to the bathroom with oils on my hands
trying to make sure a woman was ok
saying to an actual soldier that I can't see him
Fiberglass F*ck Up
and I’ll be cringing for eternity.
telling my close friend that i did adderall to complete a project (kind of sad ig)
hanging out with my dad and his new girlfriend
trying to have a heart to heart with my girlfriend
wiping my period blood on a towel and forgetting to put it away
breaking up my girlfriend's sister and her boyfriend the day of her aunt's funeral
accidentally outing my cousin to our family
Microwave disaster
telling my aunt to listen to my music I had written
being Jesus
quoting Rick and Morty (a little nsfw)
because autocorrect sucks
A Roly Poly Laid its Egg on my Skin
accidentally pulling my mom s skirt slightly upwards
getting to high WTF really!
leaving a sexy note on a whiteboard which was visible via Zoom
shopping where I work
trying to help out a beggar
getting walked in on by my GFs twin sister while getting a BJ
pulling a van gogh on my ear
running up the stairs too fast.
going to school when someone in my class had COVID
Attention waned towards the end of a zoom meeting...
telling an albino doctor I’m too white
not not checking a toilet
changing a cloud password after a possible security breach, only to realise that I was responsible for the false positive
taking the wrong eyedrops... For a few years!
cooking for myself
telling everyone there will be a starfall.
not holding onto a roll of toilet paper
having a Bluetooth speaker
prank ordering a pizza to my friends house
eating the wrong meal
getting caught for doing a Destiny 2 raid during online classes.
telling a hacker my password
Had my fly down during my job interview
spending 500+ $ on videogames
trying to troubleshoot my toilet and neglecting something kind of important
running down the stairs nude.
misusing the phrase Netflix and Chill
sitting down with scalding hot soup
proudly revealing my stuff to my childhood friends
Wow ✔️👍
saying handjob instead of handwash
not checking the truck's tailgate
How am i even going to write this....
misspelling one letter
making my boyfriend throw up on his birthday.
getting the iPhone 11 Pro
using the wrong account
exposing a customers affair to his wife
messing up Christmas.
TIFY by thinking my students were talking about porn stars
asking my in-laws if they wanted to shower with me
making everybody think I was gonna kill myself
I sent my boyfriend a photo of the ring I was planning on giving to him when I propose.
trying to jerk off with a knife
posting a picture of my tattoo while family follow me
recording a long video on my husband's phone 😭 sending my mom a picture of a condom
Ruining an Almost Lifelong Friendship
making people think I beat my child
ordering my first old fashion
Applied leave, joined meeting, shared screen during meeting and opened stupid tabs
Today i fucked up by sexy sex sex sex!
accidentally catfished my friend
unknowingly binge drinking
turning in an assignment and exposing my teacher’s wife’s affair
using cheese dough in a cup as a fleshlight.
BEST SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT COMPANY
getting owned by the cats who live on the beach during my run
making coffee for the first time
becoming a Physician
having bubble tea
accidentally dropping my phone in bath water.
not listening to my Father
entering an e-mail address which is not exist forgetting my cat in the vet
accidentally pouring milk before cereal
getting my dick and balls waxed
when I (19F) was in the talking stage with a girl (22F) who turned out to be a famous pornstar.
By not appreciating a gift
taking out a condom from my SO's vaginas after I already came.
saying I dont know
driving away from the scene of an accident.
overestimating how far away my dad lives from my job
completely wiping my hard drive of all my work.
not knowing how a toilet works
how my friend got high on Ventolin
sleeping at my sister's house
be racing a gangster and the cops, and won
Can’t wait to tell my boss that the reason i’m late for work today is because last night instead of turning on my 6:00 alarm i typed 6.00 into my calculator and went to sleep.
accidentally pregaming and going to a funeral
returning to a subreddit which used to be my favourite
ripping one in the shed louder than thunder.
conditioning my girlfriend to kiss me every time I farted
throwing up in my face mask
getting spicy sausage stuck up my nose and it's still there
not knowing what Preparation H was.
“Cleaned” a small smudge on 70” 4K TV with Windex
writing a Discord bot that gives users random dick related nicknames
joining my friends in making a tiktok video. joining my friends in making a tiktok video.
Stealing my grandmas credit card and spending a 1000$ on Clash of Clans
getting fired for calling a customer a MAGA loser and him finding out about it.
shooting myself in the hand
taking and offering my co-worker the stronges snus you can buy.
literally overhanding my phone into a hot tub
stopping a crackhead from stealing my car
looking for my cat and almost catching a felony
Zoom bombing my art class
clapping after a speaker opened with recognizing our place on unceded indigenous land
holding another girls hand before marriage
accidentally Friendzoning my crush after SHE herself asked me out.
Today I Fucked Up by underestimating how crazy thermite is...
not nice
getting an ultrasound on my balls from my college dance partner
I unknowingly tracked a colossal shit all over the house
Throwaway account. Told my gf that there were some things I liked about her, and a couple I didn’t enjoy as much, but I was glad they made her happy. Now she’s trying to change....
yelling at my mother.
burning to a crisp my appartment and my flatmates peppers
peeing on my best friend's car.
needing new glasses
insinuating my teacher had drugs
breaking my manager's key trying to fix it
snorting tap water delay enema-ing myself
treating a wank as a business arrangement to wake myself up at work
indirectly (and unintentionally) calling my wife fat! And during her period, nonetheless!
I accidentally opened notification and instantly closed the app and not reading what was in there
http://cleancity.com.vn/dich-vu/dich-vu-diet-con-trung/
making a friend off reddit
making a cream pie.
while shaving in the shower
thinking this is a sub for TODAY I FUCKED UP
Meta - Can we please go back to NSFW on weekends only? I think a good majority of this subreddit is tired of these obviously fake porn stories.
watching snuff porn on accident
putting nair on my face the night before meeting my LDR for the first time.
letting my freak flag fly while meeting my neighbors
thinking my home AC was broken for the last 10 years
Play Boggle To Reveal Your Deepest Sexual Fantasies
my 18th birthday surprise party
Grafted myself using a Kim Kardashian beauty hack to lift my chest
trying to help my stepsis out of the washing machine
mistaking my friends house for somebody else's
pissing on a hooker while at work
standing up my booty call
not asking if someone needs help
shutting down an assembly line
kicking myself in the throat.
accidentally buying a car for a family member
working out too hard and giving myself an ocular migraine
getting cum all over my sister face
confessing my crush, then realising she is in the chat
almost forgetting it’s my cake day today
Jj
calling some one a racial slure
thinking I could strip for my friends friends
Inciting a Mob of Angry Parents
Test1
calling the police over black sand
tester 1
not talking to the cute girls at the pool
Today I pooped in my pool
laughing at a lady who lost her husband in 9/11.
sanding off 3 finger tipsToday I fucked up with my gf.
because I bought a new phone.
showing my mom a game I was playing.
Heyyy fuck off
telling a fat person to be healthier.
mis-entering a meal to MFP
wearing glasses while I looked at my nudes
taking my Ambien with a beer...and then shrooms (Life Lesson)
I spilled deodorant on my SHIRT and it Looked Like C*m
watching my mom and a stranger doing it and told my dad
chewing too much gum and shitting my pants twice
giving myself social anxiety playing Xbox
leaving the doctor’s office
taking an unplanned dip...
getting my school email blocked
Having Just The Worst Day Ever
letting a narcissist destroy my sanity
Would you rather die a Virgin, or live long enough to see yourself become the Incel?
drinking sweet tea
failing my motorcycle rider course
being a Chef
learning I gave myself tinnitus
calling my friend fat
hooking up with this guy my gay friend likes on my period
sending a picture of our kids to my ex wife
scamming/hacking someones account on a mmo for about 100k USD TWICE
dropping all my rice on the floor,had to eat cream crackers for lunch
swapping places with my dad on the bleachers at a hockey match
being a user of the alt-right app Parler, the one currently being removed from all the app stores.
going hiking.
finding out that a pistachio is is stronger than my desk
not realizing I had been charging my grandma’s credit card every time I got groceries, to the tune of $1,100!
ordering a reservation
getting too excited about my new phone
almost having to take my shirt and pants off at a corner store
telling urgent care my husband would be coming from work.
going to wc while cooking.
accidentally sending my over-conservative mom a picture of my sister very obviously drunk and sprawled across her dorm.
trying to make a joke to a delivery driver
letting my dog shit in someone's yard, resulting in an arrest
taking shrooms during a pandemic
eating pizza and sucking dick
texting my boyfriend
actually opening my door as soon as the bell rung
living in a shitty apartment
Today I fucked up by trying to be a mechanic, just like my dad
taking off my nail polish
playing hide &amp; seek.
coz I forgot to register for this semester's examination
Getting Drunk and Spiked at a College Tailgate at 16 and going to the hospital
calling out the mods for letting this sub turn into a bad fanfiction repository
being "lied" to for my whole life
(possibly) shutting down the new Rise of the Resistance ride at Disney World
not going out with my crush
realizing my face was on fire for 2 Years
not realizing I was saving things with a university email and losing all of my documents from the last 5 years
taking my non athletic friend cycling
My husband's greatest
sending two foreigners to a random location by accident.
not disconnecting Blutooth.
hanging clothes
My brother caught me
Scaring a Handiman
locking my wife's file cabinet
trying to take a few steps on my balcony.
taking the rubbish outside
TIFY by drinking HAND SANITIZER to get drunk
letting my grandmas cat escape
embarrassing myself at a fast food restaurant immediately after applying to work there
clicking a guy's photo
Wore a diva cup to yoga class
setting off my alarm
slicing through my nipple
attempting to have sex with my partner for the last time but instead ending up in the medical clinic
making homemade sausage and getting a visit from the fire department
using the pronoun 'she' for a gay man..
my proposal
buying my sex toys with a debit card
letting a medical worker cut in front of me.
sending a meme to the wrong chat
trying to flirt...
helping end a relationship
going into the wrong person’s house.
using tobasco sauce as lube
dropping my pen, lube, and a box of condoms into a hot Vietnamese girl's vagina (Made by AI)
On this day 19 years ago.
Do Not!!!!! Use body spray as a deodorant!
opening the blinds
unintentionally rick-rolling my classmate/s
getting an erotic massage
Paying the clerk and not pumping the gas. It gets deeper tho.
Showing My Class Anime Porn
taking the wrong bet....
telling my uncle I wanted my family dead
sending a random picture with my resume for a important job
getting caught by the police twice while having sex with my girlfriend
liking a girl in my class on tinder
cooking with chilli sauce and pepper spraying my house
Becoming A Kitten Serial Killer
Not today but last night I fucked up
going to a guys house with a friend
drinking two packets of instant coffee before exercising
attempting to thaw chicken
White belt in an advanced class
accidentally bleeding twice
leading a lost dog into the wrong person's house.
accidentally letting my mom see my youtube channel.
making my grandma listen to a sex song
accidentally giving the heimlich
calling someone a certain German political party
taking a celebratory shit too soon. reading too much in my secure folder.
making fun of my gf's dead mom
visiting Onlyfans on my work laptop
calling my ex-pastor a bitch.
jerking off in front of my brother
Forgetting how a Siphon Works
smoking a fat vape in the bathroom
embarrassing myself in front of the members of 3 football clubs (&amp; their parents)
offering "remailing services" on AOL.
(NSFW)  Shaving my balls and almost ending a mans marriage
sharing my screen in a meeting and had a Lolitas tab open
not listening and pushing a red wagon
telling my dad that when he retires, he can live in my bathroom
having an embarrassing phone conversation with my future Employer.
drunkenly attempting to throw out a tenant at 2:00am.
not knowing my family tree
accidentally agreeing to teach a fish and chip shop waitress computer science
giving the wrong person a wholesome reward
posting on the wrong messenger group.
eating too many spicy noodles and then holding it in for too long.
threatening to deport someone
trying to be happy
breaking my hymen in the bath
unleashing roach car and creating cursed underwear
looking at my husbands iCloud photos
tearing part of my bottom lip off
The Thanksgiving Roll Incident
Dating crisis/ relation
driving a kart
letting a bag of weed fly off in the wind
letting my six year old nephew blow through my used tampon applicator like a whistle
accidentally swiping right on a guy who was in the bar I was at
asking substitute teacher if he was gay asking teacher if he was gay
telling “i love u” to my best friend and ending 3 years of the best friendship i have ever had
eating a lucky burger
accidentally shitting on a dude's head
stabbing my brother's finger with a fork
leaving my forbidden artwork out for all to see
backing up all my phone pictures to my Dads phone
sexy sexing the sexed sexes.
complaining about my period
Marooning My Fiancée at the Hospital the Morning After Valentine’s Day
leaving stuff in my old room
I was in the wrong class
inhaling baby boogers
acting underwhelmed after getting a girlfriend
taking way to hot of a bath
Getting unreasonably inebriated before meeting my new jobs head operations manager
calling everyone i work with a "retard"
reading about that Chad Tinder experiment
making poor dinner plans for our kids
losing track of days and not reaching out to my girlfriend on her birthday
attempting to have sex with my partner for the last time but instead ended up in the medical clinic
I made fun of my girlfriends dead grandma a few hours after she found out
posting something onto my snapchat story as a joke but ruining my future... probably
just realizing Reddit is full of idiots
scaring everyone around me by saying “get the flowers, next week I’ll commit suicide”.
jerking off outside
having a sex dream
telling my in-laws that my husband isn’t my sons father
mixing up chlorox bleach wipes with hemorrhoid wipes
telling my GF that she looked fantastic and accelerating the end of our relationship
farting while cuddling
sending the results of a BDSM quiz to my Dad
eating raisins
Accidentally spitting MouthWash up my Nose
getting caught with a buttplug
By thinking I had to go to school...
making a mom joke to my friend who’s mom had died
shitting on my floor
not being friendly it cost our friend his life
by deleting a very important email
drilling into my sholder
Not a squirrel
getting a boner during a dentist appointment
an academic advisor has been calling me by the wrong name for years because I never corrected her and now it’s too awkward and too late
Mom thought I was kidnapped.
accidentally sending a meme to my 11 year old, instead of my husband.
not checking if my dad ended the call before asking my boyfriend about condoms
getting up in the morning thinking it was evening...
training my dog to be too obedient.
saying I could accept what I thought was a small package at work, but it was actually a semi truck full of furniture
Today I learned Pineapples don't have empty cores
trying to be open-minded with a borderline racist
staying up late to do my assignment
being vegan and possibly giving my family botulism
I'm in love with an Idol. Please help me.
RECORDING MY SCHOOL PROJECT ON MY PSP INSTEAD OF MY CAMERA
gutting a unicorn.
mistaking a period cramp for a constipation cramp and nearly shitting myself at my local gym.
"privately" messaging a person doing a presentation
nearly killing my partner with cabinets
telling my friend's years long secret
telling my parents I thought my internet friend was going to kill him self and caused a fat rift between me and my parents
relentlessly cleaning my eyeglasses because they seemed blurry, only to realise I had my contact lenses in.
dying in an avalanche
not following my doctor's orders
giving myself a bukkake at work
pre-gaming instead of seeing the Foo Fighters
walking into a wall in the dark, broke my nose and face swollen
Shit post, but for real
breaking elevator etiquette at my relatively small office.
burning Microwave Popcorn
admitting guilt in Kotor.
accidentally liking a tweet of graphic cartoon porn and not realizing it for several months.
spraying Pepper Spray in my Classroom.
Last night on sexy night...
teaching my dog how to wink
talking shit about my aunt while she was on the phone
calling a coworker a “fucking idiot” on a recorded line.
and a year ago as well by missing the bus because I am an idiot
deleting my main reddit account instead of a throwaway
putting a suction cup dildo on my forehead and getting a massive hickey
not paying attention to what drugs my girlfriend was taking
and took a poo on the street, again.
trying to swallow an Alka Seltzer tablet
getting permabanned from r/unpopularopinion 5 minutes after I posted my first and only post there
I ate a hot pocket
attempting to explain sex change surgery to a room full of trans guys. (kinda NSFW)
and Nearly got kicked off the bus for passing gas
recognizing a favourite childhood song
NSFW  *not* using my fleshlight
cutting a nunchuck I just bought.
misreading an invite to prepare a video for an online birthday party
the exam is tomorrow morning.. not in January
leaving my camera on during an online class
existing (and buying cursed Star Wars bandaids)
partying too hard at a 94° F wedding
going to work on a mdma hangover
for accidentally sneaking up behind a horse and then flying with the subsequent collapsed lung
trusting a junkie
putting change in a guys coffee cup because I thought he was a hobo
admitting a felony on reddit...
not paying attention and will soon be exiled from my collage class
creating another Reddit account.
putting in this beautiful glass water bottle I got for my birthday today in the freezer
accidentally sharing the gay fanfic i wrote involving my friends.
thinking a Gucci bag was for sale.
accidentally doing the Nazi salute in front of a veteran
partially recreating "127 hours" by getting my arm stuck under my tv desk for more than 1 hour
accidentally googling for BDSM gear at school
because I didn't wash my hands and now I'm in pain
upvote for mentioning porn and boobs
giving my two year old spicy food, and ignoring her crying about it.
pranking my son. TL;DR took revenge on son, may have ruined our relationship and irreparably scarred him.
fuck fuck sex boob fuck fuck cum fuck fuck boob tit fuck fuck fuck
Idiocy catches up
sharing a little reddit sticker thing in iMessage
making a man suicidal
thinking chicken gizzards were the chickens penis for 31 years
chugging a packet of white tic tacs to assert dominance
calling my floormates buffoons
why people create these....
dancing in front of my school's new cameras and getting caught
making my wife think I was jerking it to my son and his boyfriend
drinking pen ink.
letting out a loud grunt while in the bathroom
getting angry at a girl for wanting my ice cream, I didn't know she was flirting with me
but trying to help my puking cat
refusing to have dirty talk with my gf
not getting off the computer
getting a bloody nose
Making my mom think that i lied to her about my test.
incinerating my ballsack
asking a coworker out
spilling bong water on my Surface Labtop
taking a shattered long duration pain med
and "redirected" my energy, also known as anger.
falling off my bike and probably destroying my face
by opening the door for a robot.
leaving Reddit open on my work browser
passing gas in class
picking a wedgie
sneezing and attracting 2 million flies, making the floor eternally sticky and cutting my hands and feet of a million shards of glass
not realizing zoom doesn't mirror your video for other people
farting and ruining a concert
getting super glue in my bottom left cornea of my eye causing chemical burns to my eye and eyelid.
sticking a dildo to my forehead.
crapping myself in public in a poonami volume event that has potentially scared my 10yo daughter for life...
losing the credit card my old job used to pay me with.
in "BANG! The Dice Game" by mistaking my role in the game
breaking my screen while applying a screen protector
having explosive diarrhea while out with my crush, her nearly passing out, my car breaking down and her pushing it all in 1 hour
Losing my Mask...
ruining Mother's Day.
telling my friend i was horny about them
cheating on my ex
remembering what used to be my biggest fear
speaking without thinking at work.
thinking a girl liked me when she actually liked my friend.
getting eaten out by my brother I law and accidentally blowing up my sister's marriage.
pulling up an all nighter and seeing my Parents have s*x
creating my own roadblock
my cousin who is a year older
sharing porn with my teacher.
Got caught slapping my wife’s ass in a grocery store bad.
leaving a pin in my car's sun visor.
Classic bluetooth speaker scenario
having a mom see my Among Us username
not speaking for a day
farting at my doorway
not consulting academic advising regarding my final class for my associates degree
buying groceries at a fair price
urinating during a sleep paralysis episode (I live with my understanding grandparents)
giving in to my curiosity and reading the blowfly girl story
doing a major test backwards
having obnoxiously loud sex in front of my mother
while trying to seduce my partner
accidentally writing the eulogy for my dead best friend
By comparing my boyfriend's dick to a brachiosaurus
Leaving My Gardening Clogs In the Yard at Night
telling one if my coworkers i tried to kill myself
A funny story
vomiting all over the living room floor
squirting liquid soap into both of my eyes
sharing with my Leftist family I feel sorry for the grief of Trumpists
accidentally clicking on a Pinterest Site
I broke a tripod I borrowed from college.
not being better
going on a date with my cousin.
eating a massive ball of wasabi
napping too long and leaving my purse on the table
Conditioning Myself To Want To Pee Constantly
digging my AirPods out of a SHITTY toilet bowl!
Group Video Chatting my adult kids and a couple of their friends during sexytime.
ingesting cremation ashes
I hate not living up to the expectations of others....
not washing my hands 50 times after prepping 50 jalapeño poppers!!
putting on a hairnet
zoning out of a conversation
by getting caught at work.
eating the wrong things
not believing a friend and going to another friend's wake
not understanding a friend's (dirty) nick name
having a glitchy phone
Fucked up by forcing period sex!!
believing I had a superhuman ability to clench
putting my friend's rescue inhaler in the fridge when I was drunk and making him laugh too hard
not realizing an elevator at work now requires a badge to operate and allowing the doors to close
How Technical Support Services Increase Customer Satisfaction?
having explosive diarrhea at work
NIGGER SLAYER NIGGER SLAYER NIGGER SLAYER
I left my account signed in!
telling a super racist joke
not replacing my worn out pants and forgetting to button my boxers.
wetting the bed
closing my car door on my phone that was in my jacket
not properly scanning my photos and thus failing my math test
and signed away my rights to speak my mind
not helping my GF (now ex) cheat in an exam and then acing the final exam?
witnessing a sight no man was meant to see being subscribed to a toxic, narcissist subreddit
emailing my teacher something BAD accidentally.
Just finished season 1 of Westworld, now I understand why I was so confused for the first three episodes
confessing my love to a liar
pouring Hydrogen peroxide I'm my eye!
when someone told me there was something in their food and I stuck my hand out...
blowing up my power supply while playing a dominatrix game.
not being able to smell from a distance
Purchasables
My brother chewed the truck
approaching a stop sign too fast
for giving him another chance even if he cheated again!
By trying to be a good friend
reading the pin worms post before bed
not telling my new manager I had gotten another position in the company.
surprising myself while trying to surprise other one
when I used the handicap stall to expel my diarrhea.
farting in my bed
Messing up in multiple ocations
ruining the paint of the roof of my neighbour's car
doing leg lifts with a hernia
not warning my coworker before he found my explicit fanfiction
Trying To Do Something Nice For My Parents
but like 4 days ago and actually wasn’t me
biting my husband in my sleep...HARD.
confusing two very different body parts.
planting 6+ lemon trees
letting my friend shoot my ear with a co2 airsoft gun with the bb going at around 200 meters per second velocity.
putting tomato vinaigrette in my sangria
Trying to sleep and end up listening to my dad masturbate NSFW
taking my cat outside
accidentally being racist to a child
gifting away a 23andMe kit
Ford C-Max seats falling down
using the wrong micro sd card
Falling in Love with a Vietnamese Sex Worker
letting my family believe that I am a drug addict, but I am not
I Ruined A Perfect Relationship &amp; Now My Life
accidentally becoming a thief
I plagiarized my mid-term exam.
thinking my taxi driver was talking to me
letting my emotional guard down with an internet gaming stranger
forgetting snow melts...
almost loosing 20k £
chopping chillies and then itching my sack
asking someone with terrets to stop making noise
when my wifey found out I had been googling "1/2 inch female nipples"
not checking my tuition fee payments since July when classes started
thinking all leather smelled like dog piss
For Lack of a Shoe
flashing SOS from my terrace near a military base
taking my medication and forgetting to move my fish
pissing shitting and cumming on house beetles
trying to be humane
Being an adult that can't walk properly.
I got so high I slept with my eyes open.
taking a trump supporters hat and being arrested by the pigs
not going to the city.
farting aggressively and loudly in front of the Exam Board and my teacher.
accidentally confessing my love to a stranger and being too socially awkward to admit it was all a mistake.
wearing a cute ugly Christmas sweater
Today I fucked up by allowing my kid to find my box of teeth
thinking this subreddit was not a place for NSFW writing prompt excersizes
Another Video Conference with Kids Story
mocking these random guys accent while being booted into game chat
stepping on someone's beats headphones
instinctualy honking a squad cars horn at a cousin.
Marine lady video about retained Marine
sucking at French so hard I had to get an MRI scan
fixing my Grandma’s toilet
eating what i thought was the extra kitkat...
killing a reindeer a day after Christmas with a Snowmobile
having the sex
falling on the toilet bowl, everyone saw me naked. Disappointed but not surprised
using Boston slang
scaring some poor girl
going down a slide
ruining a memory of a deceased man for (at least) three people.
making the Baka mitai meme with photos of my friends
adding red food coloring to my Mac 'n Cheese
putting my real name on a throwaway snap account
breaking the most hilarious, precious thing I ever owned in a springtime of farts and sadness
crossing the road.
insulting a world class athlete on his home turf
not paying enough attention to my crush
not satisfying my spouse...for several years
letting a stranger into my home.
letting my elderly conservative grandparents mistake Rick and Morty for a children's cartoon while they babysat my toddler.
teaching my dog water comes from taps
My best friend broke the bro-code and now I'm losing all my friends
messaging my ex, asking her if she's dating anyone right now
handing my phone to my mother-in-law
making my new barber think i am a pedophile. wearing tear-away pants.
playing Mortal Kombat XL with my son
I really messed up
sleeping through my class
eating a carolina reaper not knowing how hot it was.
botching a prank that resulted in my roommate's video gaming console being destroyed.
defending an old lady
Fellow reddit users - partners post. The war begins but I am loosing
posting on
giving a double thumbs up to a girl who just said that she was born without a thumb.
telling an entire room of children to Rub One Out
getting my Instagram name stuck as “nutsack”
jerking off with muscle relief ointment
physically hurting the one person who showed me love.
mistaking a special needs seat for a toddlers.
falling down the stairs
not making sure she didn’t mess up her measurement of me.
announcing my baby's diaper change would be "quick and easy."
commenting on my friends penis
trying to build a pc
trying to teach a lesson and making a child cry.
trying to eat my cat?
deleting a messaging app
driving the work golf cart.
kidnapping someone’s outside cat that I thought was loose
impaling my foot
snapchatting in the bathroom at work.
making my friend confess as a joke
How I lost weight...
thinking I threw away my wife's wedding ring
dropping a big ass rock on my foot
telling my mum I watch porn
typing an "N" instead of a "B" at work
deciding to try something new, unexpectedly ended up high, and my family just might kill me now
talking to my Ex's Bestie.
almost splitting my head open jumping down the stairs trying to sync the landing with the start of a guitar solo
เซอร์ไพรส์!ลิเวอร์พูลจ้องฉกซาก้าเสริมแกร่งริมเส้น
cleaning my ears
wife messies with power line
almost making my google home play sex noises
crashing my rental moped in Greece
declining the offer to share earbuds with my crush
By attempting to talk to my partner and game at the same time
walking in front of a twitch livestream butt naked
looking at my(24F)boyfriends (31M)reddit account
cutting out drywall over dust
saying hello father when my dad was asleep
putting gas in my dads diesel truck...
accidentally eloping with my entire family while tripping on acid
missing balances
being too tall
Nearly Killing Myself... With a Pretzel
leaving a sex toy in the bathroom at work.
I accidentally logged into someone's account
saying the right thing to the wrong person.
using the wrong skin care product
not knowing what a dildo was
because I overestimated tampons
burning my bra
warning another person my and my gf were dating
almost shipping my coworkers to Hong Kong while they had sex
accidentally fingering my grandmother.
being caught drinking whine by my aunt
I clogged my phones headset jack with a qtip and made it grinch green, help?
checking reddit in Barcelona
Falling asleep in a conference call
Pissed Off A Ghost
falling over in the most impressive way
listening to my friends delusional rant without realizing he was schizophrenic
digging up my dogs buried treasure
fishing with soviet-era explosives
talking about religion
almost burning my house and myself
losing my keys during a 40 minute walk to my car.
LPT:  not checking the oven for rats before use
getting Hitler moustache
messing around at a hotel
talking to my friend about her father
giving a kid my phone on a flight
focusing too hard on taking the trash out before Christmas break
burning my penis with a spark from a lightbulb
TIFUpdate to "installing" DX12
- I enjoy being happy in dangerous ways, and stupid hurts.
getting dragged off the streets
overdosing
kissing a girl who was a boyfriend
placing air gun targets next to the neighbours fence
accidentally sending a poop emoji to my boss.
Space Brain
almost killing my cousin on Super Bowl Sunday with a chandelier.
going on a hike with half a water bottle, phone on 20%, and getting lost.
More stupidity:  not looking at what I was doing
losing my wallet
briefly urinating on my new kitten almost getting killed by someone
getting my girlfriend's cleaning lady high as a kite *accidentally*
rubbing my (26M) friend's leg (23F) while drunk
shoplifting and getting caught
making eye contact with someone
trying to be witty
not sure if (F) housemate saw me (M) jacking off
accidentally sending a horny complaint to my son instead of my best friend.
leaving a voicemail for a podcast I listen to.
forgetting the age-old rule that not everything you post on the internet will stay anonymous.
calling home heating professionals to fix my furnace...
Spilling Tea over the Prime Minster of Australia
trying to look cool on my bike
opening the wrong coworkers locker and taking something only to put it back 3 seconds later.
forgetting about medicine side effects
getting burned and exposing my family to coronavirus
wanting so badly to go to Sunday school
High-school edition
not saying goodbye
asking my crush out.
I might get banned from a part of the school system
Kissing my “Secret Boyfriend”
having a crush on a girl for 10 years and not telling anyone.
UPDATE:  having a threesome with my ex and his bf.
making poison gas at work
locking a file cabinet in my wife's craft room.
giving a bus driver a free show
with an embarrassing middle school relationship.
booking a flight whien I was very drunk
Tonight I made a casual remark that may have damaged a green card marriage and I feel terrible, especially since the woman I made the comment to is the nicest person ever and I accidentally told her that her husband doesn't like her
Forgetting To Lock The Bathroom Door
loudly reciting the script of "steamed hams" while everyone else mourned the death of a student
losing my mates hamster
ABOUT TO MAKE THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS OF OF ONE BASS CATCH, RAREST BASS IN EASTERN NORTH AMERICA, BLEW IT ALL LIKE A COMPLETE BOZO
buying a new 4k UHD 55'' t.v
misreading my teammate’s (28F) sexual advancement, subsequently causing me (25M) to flee her apartment.
wearing penguin underwear during sexy time
after accidentally saying I was born 17 weeks premature
making “finger sandwiches”
having a screaming match over Discord
lurking for 4 years
destroying my marriage by following through on a bet. (The bet involved sensual activity)
everyone saw me jerk off dick and all in online class was told to post from r/teenagers.
By ordering TacoBell
dipping my balls in sugar water because of TikTok
flirting with a trap.
getting freaky at the lake NSFW
not using the bathroom before my morning coffee
getting a cold
accidentally leaving my skateboard out overnight
destroying my gaming PC with a pencil.
joking with a cop
calling my teacher a bitch
sending my friend HARDCORE KINKY PORNS!!!! NSFW
having an overly strong tongue (SFW)
inhaling a piece of dental floss
not reading a text and probably screwing up my moms new job.
telling my kids I'm pregnant
cutting myself trying to put on a bandage
spending 12 weeks inside.
choking on an entire can of whipped fucking cream.
Losing 1/2 of an expensive birthday gift
riding my 4 wheeler
helping my boyfriend load our kayaks
finding out my dad is failing No Nut November NSFW
eating raw pork whisking someone a good day after they lost their father
calling my bumble match by the wrong name on the first date
not testing my face mask
posting a picture of myself to reddit
calling the cops on the wrong neighbors.
listening to penis music
shitting on my own face
defending a helpless handicap guy and spraining my ankle.
CORONO VIRUS ENGLAND ONLY KIND OF....
chopping mushrooms with long ass nails
Misspelled wrong word in email to lawyer
By killing my sister with my lewd weapon in Minecraft.
Giving a Blowjob to a Strap On
watching The Boys
I submitted a review about buttplugs in my university online class review.
accidentally leaving my zoom virtual background as an image of an N Word
19M) by asking my crush (17F) what her parents did
possibly giving my girlfriend a concussion
not trouble checking
hearing about Unus Annus TODAY
making my whole class think I thought hitler was Good
not knowing how hard bourbon is
saying I was watching porn in a Boy Scout zoom call
not cleaning my ears for several weeks, while sleeping with earplugs.
wanting a phone charger
giving myself s hickey at the worst possible moment.
deleting my word documents
wanting to get a massage
putting regular dish soap in my dishwashing machine
pushing an elderly woman out of her place in line
opening a 2 year old thermos
accidentally making people think I have cancer
complimenting a team mate's hair
sending my crush a picture of my brother on the toilet.
trimming my pubes
eating the Reese's paper wrapper
I gave myself HIV from masturbating
accidentally getting high at work
forgetting my Reddit password for 8 years
flashing the mailman
taking a picture of a "good" karen
Not Getting The Joke
asking my wife about her childhood.
seeing nudes of sister by mistake.
I Talked about buts to my teacher
tipping over about 40 gallons of glass collected from bottle machines
forgetting I have security cameras
getting my neice a goofy shirt at Goodwill without googling it first.
going for a run.
puking on my boyfriend (nsfw)
Buying Legos at Walmart
bleaching my eyebrows from black to white.
sending homework to teachers
asking my mom for a corkscrew
Forgot to wash my hands after taco night
THFU Holy Fucking Shit... my friend fucked up.
letting my dick do the thinking for me
thinking my windbreaker had a pocket
Broke new expansive printer
fingernail clipping grows wings...
Gave myself covid symptoms
pretending I couldn’t smell.
visiting my girlfriend at workI reached out to someone I was very mean to when I was younger to apologize and I think shes misreading it as flirtation. Help
pulling pieces of my skull out
trying to fight off my depression
nearly killing my sugar daddy
jizz-blasting my date and handling it badly
letting 2 guys into a fitting room
exposing my big toe lunulai should have taken better care of my teeth i try but weak enimal suck
nearly getting my best friend, who has a perfect record, suspended or even expelled.
having explosive diarrhea in my bestfriends bed
telling my boss that I had a stomach cramp
reading about quantum mechanics and becoming a suspected pedophile
scaring my neighbours into believing my sleep disorder was actually domestic violence
HELP
eating curry.
doing a penguin walk through the house
exercising in a dog park
MOOOOoooing. At Horses!
congratulating my teacher on her dead neighbor.
destroying the interior of my Dads Car
TFIU by breaking a guitar in a pawn shop
falling almost 20 feet.
And now my bank account is overdrawn
using hand sanitizer to clean a sensitive area.
having my headphones fail on me.
ignoring my first girlfriend for several weeks
panicking and having to shove a toothbrush up my bum.
failing to see that our new truck is too tall for our garage, resulting on a broken antenna and bent roof.
checked my balls in online class
flinging a piece of toilet bowl crust into my eye
buying a 9 inch black dildo
calling a customer a dirty whore
filling this out?
help me and my uncircumcised dick
bringing gf to breakfast spot that my ex just so happens to work at now and i really didnt know!!!! Now trying to explain myself when I shouldnt even have to deal w this 😅😭
leaving my hands on my thigh while looking at my phone
taking a caramel apple my coworker made.
going to pee in front of 10 people in a conference call
telling my parents that I watch porn
My son and his friends jerk off to my picture
spilling wine INSIDE my gaming desktop PC and destroying a $400 graphics card
forgetting to take dairy pills after eating ice cream
calling my boyfriend's bluff on Facebook
messaging my crush
giving away a PS5
leaving a VERY racist screensaver on at school
not closing my store during the outbreak. Now i will miss the birth of my child, and might lose my business.
not wishing my aunt happy new year
Broke a window lied to everyone and got away with it...
eating a cashew
going too far with my superpower
dropping off my boyfriend’s Christmas gift
leaving my hair down while sewing.
and shit the bed.
accidentally stealing from “Wally World”
wearing cowboy boots and tight jeans
punching my brother
picking my car up from the collision shop on Friday the 13th.
leaving my pizza in the oven a few minutes too long
almost killing my Dad with enchiladas
scarring my nose permanently
ripping my foreskin
Company car inoperable
accidentally making a customer pay $46 for half a celery
accidentally taking my phone with me to school
talking shit about my dad
picking at a scab on my earlobe.
not having rabbits
My friend screams something and shocks my other friend’s mom
almost crashing my car into police offers that I called to the scene
When I thought someone broke into my house.
using an Asian menstrual pad.
blasting ‘Murder On My Mind’ in class, in full volume.
By throwing a pad at my boyfriend
panicking after a car accident
ordering Subway
not clearing my browser history before hanging out with my girlfriend
almost burning down my kitchen
hitting my wife with the garage door.
trying to sit in my principal’s office.
drinking on my boyfriend's birthday
straight up ignoring to pay for my groceries
eating sugar free candies
confronting an old friend for cheating with his friends girlfriend
punching the plexi glass at a Covid testing center.
owning a Golden Retriever while being Black.
calling a kid a monkey and people might think I’m racist
almost getting shot in the head
spooning words in front of my manager eventually making them NFSW
making a joke, having the cops called on me.
forgetting geography
very nearly getting sacked before my first day of a new job by meeting senior staff while unreasonably inebriated.
Downloading Whisper To Hookup
trying to pee on a spider.
implying to a patient that her teenage daughter could be sexually active
convincing my girlfriend of 4 years that I’m sexually attracted to shrek
accidentally stealing two cans of coke at a sushi place
putting hydrogen peroxide in a cup in the bathroom
having sexy times in the sea and more sexy times in bed later.
saving weird porn to my school gmail account.
mistaking the smell of beer for cat piss.
trading my Old Charizard
TDIFU and said “I need a joint” in front of my boss...
Feeding my Little Brother Head &amp; Shoulders Shampoo claiming it was "Blueberry Yogurt"
making a sex joke in front of my coach
not pooping at home
not listening to my gut feeling
being Keto AF and not having a sacred blade.
accidentally kicking my adoptive brothers dog
creating a secret Instagram
saying FY to a stranger
getting suspended and sent to alternative school
bad-mouthing clarinet
airdropping a d*ck pic to my dad
Emergency lung exercise after recovery from corona
leaving the spoon in the bowl as I poured my soup.
trusting a trail sign
an email chain with the wrong attachment
leaving a bag of poop for my one night stand.
did I screw the possibilities with my crush
calling my landlords wife 'babe'. Kill me now.
accusing my husband of cheating when I thought I had a really good reason to be suspicious
deep throating myself with my toothbrush
shitting myself near my neighborhood
being lazy and not changing my tires.
getting day drunk and sending a rambling email to a potential new employer
making a girl cry then underestimated her because of it
installing and registering on Telegram and forgetting about the Notification part to your contacts
going on a walk with my neighbours with my jeans zip open.
not learning from you guys
having the sexiest sexeaeser a sexer could ever sex
making a Hitler Gruß and shouting Heil Hitler in a German public park
not killing a spider when my boyfriend told me to.
be trying to guess a word in the Chain Reaction game show
going through my “boyfriends” messages
failing to do a background check and letting an actual famous master criminal move into my house.
wishing my nana a happy birthday
making a diss track on my dead father
managing to misread the most obvious signals of my wife
Today I fucked up by getting high
saying Thank you Mele Kalikimaka
making my wife think we'd been robbed
ruining Breath of the Wild for myself.
spending some money in a game and getting hacked lmfao
leaving the army
My teacher caught me jerking off to my crush in class
forgetting people are dumb
asking what an incel was
assuming my friend has a little brother
ate an edible and fainted
giving my porn reddit account for free
telling my boyfriend it’s fine for me to take drugs and then projectile vomiting all over his house
trampolining too hard in a city 2 hours away from my house
basically letting a close friend know how lonely I was and you can imagine the rest sending a porn video to my mom directly.
accidentally pavlov-ing myself to get hard before bed.
telling this guy I'm Bi
kicking my wife in the face
wearing snow boots to school
cutting a serrano pepper and not washing my hands thoroughly enough before taking a piss.
leaving the fridge door open all day.. spoiling all food inside...
I insulted someone during a suicide prevention speech
unknowingly showing a stranger (girl) a piece of porn in my phone
having sex with a random hot older lady in the woods.
completely undoing the best 2 years of my life
agreeing to get a pellet gun for my son
Had loud rough sex not knowing my step-mom was home.
Interesting bank reference
mishandling incense
unknowingly applying for a pallbearer job
accidently grabbing a fistful of a stranger's butt cheek
causing a big car crash and wrecked my only car
going on Omegle with my face (and boobs) in full view
What happens when. I dont wear glasses..
cleaning my phone's memory and deleting all the reddit posts
not bringing in cooking ingredients for a evaluated cooking practical
arriving late to an audition
Today I fucked up by getting drunk at my graduation camp
when I went to dinner at the in-laws
asking my class and teacher if they wanted to play minecraft.
hitting a golf ball in the wrong direction
Frick
Ringing an emergency bell
Now my store is sitting on $500 dollars that isn’t ours to keep.
telling my friends I paid the tab and having then all pay me in return
I accepted a check and didn’t know it was fake when I deposited it into my bank.
I nutted
ALWAYS TAKE PACKAGES TO YOUR ROOMS TO OPEN!.
I regret all of life
TIFUpdate I got an extension to my class!
posting my nudes on flickr for everyone to see
swearing at a kid for no good reason
sticking my nose where it doesn't belong
when I let my boss try my neighbor’s left over turkey, mash, and gravy
not locking the door when rubbing one out.
telling my moms bosses my non existent plan to drop out of school and become a male stripper
having sex on a toilet in a hotel and breaking the toilet.
shaking a yogurt
I’ve ruined her birthday...
being snide to a maskless woman and suddenly developing a mask allergy that burned like 1000 suns.
eating Haribo Sugar Free Gummy Bears (NOT MY FU)
Bxbchc
going to a bank while it was closed.
figuring out a familiar face at my Dr’s office just in time for my anal exam
trimming my pubes
stealing valor
introducing my cousin to reddit.
Clipped my sack during a “quick trim”
not properly training my dog
pouring boiling hot water all over my hand.
posting in here incorrectly
browsing through a forms latter pages on my online work experience form for a company
bu consuming a high amount of thc at the wrong time
helping my neighbour and posting in on Facebook.
sleeping next to a drunk girl
trying to defend myself with my hair
blazing on an empty stomach
unknowingly getting a prison/hate tattoo across my chest
opening my spotify wrapped 2019 in the office
farting while waiting
sending a link to a Tinder match and being called an asshole for it
giving my wife a view into my world
letting my mom snoop through my shit
taking weed gummies when my friends mom was home and getting caught
forgetting to do my laundry on a school day
Was being edgy on a school website
not telling my father I had to pee
helping my gf rearrange her bedroom
asking my father to help me in chores around the house
trying to dress sexy for my FWB and now I can never look him in the eye again
being pregnant with a guy I don't have contact anymore
leaving ice on the floor + update to OG
making my date think I'm a gangster which lead to her running away and screaming for help at a shopping mall.
giving the wrong girl my number
I had sex with a girl under the influence of alcohol and now i am afraid she might sue me out of hate
smashing my tennis racquet into my skull repeatedly out of frustration over the errors I was making
asking my wife about her weight
accidentally skipping class
being peer-pressured in High School
i left my camera and mic on while nutting(my friend his story)
Eating Sugar Free Gummy Bears
causing a massive fight at our families Labor Day BBQ Now,
while soldering. I heard a sizzle.
not looking carefully enough at a phishing website
leaving my headlights on
telling my wife's cousin to open her vagina.
giving myself a golden shower
Emotional Status About Love
realizing I've had hemorrhoids for over a year and causing myself to have a panic attack
not closing the damn door properly
when I took a leak in my neighbors pool
keeping my window open for pigeons to shit all over my room.
Carpeted Stairs + Socks = Pain
having an abortion.
sharing a Reddit Porn GIF with all my Facebook Messenger contacts (wholesome ending)
pepper spraying my apartment with Da Bomb hot sauce.
I confused two black people together. This was awkward.
eating a maltesers
letting my wife surprise me
fusing an oven glove to my forearm on date night after the wife's 12 hour shift.
letting my girlfriend rub an unknown (to me) substance on my genitals.
When I picked to talk over to do
connecting my parents Google home and seeing their search history
ordering a butthole fleshlight
accidentally eating maggots
TFIU: I think I almost got murdered
how clueless guys are about periods.
accidentally getting addicted to phenobarbital
calling a girl a “trick” in my group chat
My boss doesn’t know how to use private chat on Zoom properly
My dog ate my chicken nuggies
accidentally sending my friend a porn link
congratulating my uncle.I used a sex toy I shouldn’t have
making my teacher feel like an ass
falling in love with my best friend and spending NYE in the hospital with his parents
not proofreading an email
Accidentally pulled a power move over a disabled person in a clinic.
drinking a lot of water without eating breakfast or any type of food
ordering “Thai-spicy” food
sorting reddit by new
letting my cosmetology student wife give me "just a little trim"
telling my girlfriend she wasn’t bring much to that table when we got married and a prenup wasn’t necessary on her end but a yes on mine
hearing my little brother talking about cum towels and not being prepared for it
not realizing my own boss gets autoforwarded emails regarding our online conversations and catching shit over a nickname
trying to fix my wireless headphones, and ended up making my situation much worse.
while trying to take off acrylics at home
trusting garlic juice over my own goddamn antibiotics
I was a big dumb-dumb in science class
rejecting my crush's proposal to get into a relationship.
trying not to wake up bf and passing out instead.
Eating the entire cheesecake...
giving out a wrong name
eating a bánh mì (Vietnamese sandwich)
stretching my ass on the toilet seat to stop me having to clean both sides
going down on my man too enthusiastically Nsfw
leaving my job 6 months before the boss became a billionaire and gave everyone £1million as a bonus! (To each employee)
sleeping through all my meetings
Accidentally gave the Chaplain's assistant the wrong idea
burning my penis while I was smoking.
getting an automatic humidifier for my pet snake
talking to a lesbian on Omegle
Silently dripping
my first sex
when my boyfriend’s mom walked in on me wearing an anime school girls outfit
trying to sing my baby bro song
being a creep
in a stupid and dangerous way, thankfully I,m OK
kicking a baby
not checking my screen before sharing it in zoom
eating a butt ton of pumpkin seeds
ruining my nephew's funeral
joking about prison rules to pedo-in-law
leaving $150 of weed on the counter of a food truck. F*ck.
accidentally evading a ban.
playing a video game so lost that I damaged my hearing
I sent by accident a video
making an inappropriate comment during a virtual team meeting.
Sharing P*rn in School
telling a joke
leaving sex toys everywhere
(M17)  Accidentally Confessing my Love to a Transfer Student in my Mom’s Class
(Just now i fucked up)
trying to make soup
taking Plan B. I'm a man.
telling someone I just met to send nudes.
letting a neighbor kid look in my fiance's drawer.
taking my daughter with me to get a loaner car
letting my employees play "would you rather"
shutting down a construction site with my farts
trying to make homemade chocolate milk
asking someone out and then telling my bf because Im too honest
letting two vaporize go on full blast overnight.
linking my identity too specifically to my 18+ account. And to the wroooong people.
Trusting The Wrong Friends.
venting to my mother.
attempting to pour water from a 600ml water bottle into a 550ml bottle.
washing my hair with sweet milk
For being blind, tired, and illiterate
getting excited at the gynecologist.
giving my boyfriend stitches.
For divorcing my wife(39) and leaving her with my 3 kids(8, 5 and 2months).
telling my male, 64 year old boss that I'm(F) a squirter.
buy letting my shorts rip
teaching my dog how to give me his paw.
leaving cannabis stickers and weed receipts in my car
misgendering my potential soon-to-be-boss
reading the directions for applying my arthritis medication
realising only now I don't actually look like Shrek.
grabbing a guys fist instead of bumping it... Twice... In a row... In front of a crowd
unsubscribing to Biden’s email campaign, and not subscribing my Boomer neighbor.
trying to cut my own hair
sitting on the toilet with my shirt off
saying gray wrong in italian
missing a wedding by masturbating. (NSFW I guess)
making my roommates think I was dead
looking through my mom’s texts to find something to blackmail her with
opening a can of soup
commenting on my company's plans to observe Juneteenth tomorrow.
sending my mom a political article
getting scammed on Pokémon
answering a stupid question with a smart ass answer making a MS Paint collage of my crush and posting it on Facebook
missing a comma
trying to make ramen
ignoring red flags in a guy I’ve been seeing.
falling out my truck and spraining ankle.
falling into phone sex blackmail
falling into a hole
spilling contagious biohazard on my face
wearing the wrong shoes
yelling "COCK" in front of 60 people
not "shooting my shot"
I waved to the KKK on accident accidentally showing my boss home-made porn
being horny and messaging a crazy chick
dinner
deleting System 32.
blowing a fuse at my parents house while doing some “personal grooming” in the bathroom
tripping on acid in public
teaching rhymes to my 4yo.
Worse thing that has happened to you in sex
getting into my hot bath with sunburnt feet
Crush gave me Mix signals
BARACK OBAMA - Yes We Can (English Subtitle) | Learn English with Subtitle
Skittle-slaw
accidentally spending my mum's Christmas money
Similar to the nicotine patch post
I may have messed up my social life for the rest of highschool
throwing up on my boyfriend’s dick  NSFW
Having a drink and getting run over by an ambulance
thinking I was ugly my entire life
drinking my father's urine
screaming to my mom and losing contact with my family for 2 years ( my brothers story )
misspelling the title of the school yearbook... on the cover of the school yearbook
sticking a toothbrush up my ass without taking a shit first.
pati patni aur woh full movie in hindi 2020 new movies 2020 Pati Patni A...
Looked up porn on school account
walking into a bathroom without checking whether it’s men’s or women’s
participating in NNN
not reading a room
trying to race my medication kicking in and getting my girlfriend off and almost choking to death when the medication wins
leaving the blue tooth on the car connected to my phone, I(22M) borrowed the car to my mom but I forgot to disconnect the blue tooth, so she heard my girlfriend(21F) moan as I was watching a video she made.
basically asking my teacher to help me cheating in her assignments
I sent my homework to a classmate and put a Watermark with the n-word in it, wich he sent straight to our teacher
drinking from a McDonald's cup in someone else's car
running over a homeless mans possessions
sending inappropriate post in Whatsapp group chat instead of to my roommate
watching porn without realising that my phone was connected to Bluetooth
using my old whiskey and wine bottles for my iced coffee.
applying to an accounting course (Short story)
staying quarantined for days during a rain storm.
for uploading months of uni work into the description instead of the main body
Today my wife fucked up by saying hello to a guy who was eyeballing us threateningly as he walked past us, when we got home from grabbing dinner.
forgetting where I parked
playing a stupid pool game
I see your aggressive fart story, and raise you my shitting myself in public story
not fully chewing skittles
facing death and coming out.
making a Cristmas Carol
doing butt stuff...
saying to my friends that names taken from fantasy books/tv series are cringey.
unintentional exposure
prank calling the police and getting my house raided
trying to pee
not using the right tool for the job
Trying to ghost a friend
telling my friend I loved him.
after accidentally saying something very rude to my aunt
By gardening in the nude
looking back into the early stages
Today I Fucked Up
ask for opinion
eating chocolate
screeching the n-word in class
using my parents credit card to buy a fleshlight and feigned ignorance when questioned
kicking a burglar in my dream (actually kicked my table and spilled water)
being a narcissistic asshole and being dumped on by my ex girlfriend.
becoming "Bonecrusher"
breaking my mom's glasses
smoking to much weed in mexico
convincing my friend to try the secret Santa exchange here on reddit.
getting scammed by trying to buy a computer from Craigslist.
eating a fresh shrimp.
trying to eat a frozen Mars Bar while high
picking a crude song for a friend's family get together.
having a skin draw under my desk.
falling asleep during the essay portion of my SAT.
snurfing
getting a word stuck in my head.
oetting a dog and ruining sex for my date.
mis-using an expression
f19 looking for fun and trade nudes kik me @ Rxssy00
buying love gloves from my Girlfriend's uncle
Sex sex sexy sexity sex
calling the cleaning of our work slack channels "The Night of the Long Knives"
not being able to stay hard during a threesome.
speaking about my mental illness.
eating a whole bag of edible pot gummies
flashing my dealer.
making fun of someone with a speech impediment to their face
having my brother as my first kiss
turning off my TV
getting stuck in a stranger's car, with them still in it.
I did something very creepy around my crush, and then they realized I like them and are saying we will never ever be friends.
having sleep paralysis
not feeding my cat his usual 15 pounds of cat food so I can post him on r/chonkers, not wholesome!!!
drinking without eating first
staying at my girlfriend's house after a party and trying to be a good boyfriend
thinking I had coronavirus
doxxing myself
seeing a text conversation that I shouldn’t have and now I’m at a loss of what to do
missed my 10 year cake day, by 45 min.
kissing the pipe
saving a mole from getting hit by a car
never being in a relationship
my trying to take care of my health and almost dying as a result
not backing out
being permanently banned on this subreddit and now made this new account to post
having a threesome with my wife (NSFW)
Dear God leave hair coloring to the professionals
BADLY! BY ACCIDENTALLY SUBMITTING NUDES TO MY COURSEWORK ASSIGNMENT LIST THINKING IT WAS AN ASSIGNMENT! I need prayers please!
just going through a series of unfortunate events
telling an interviewer that I play animal crossing when asked what I do in my spare time
getting locked up on a roof.
I am the WORST POS
accidentally singing a racist ‘Jingle Bells’ in front of a black friend’s family.
Shitting My Pants in 100 degree weather in Downtown LA
putting on makeup
fixing and breaking my ps4 controllers
yeeting my controller
seggs
not checking if the weather report was updated
forgetting I worked hard
I just ruined my marriage on the night before Thanksgiving...and now it hurts to move.
ordering 1000 boxes instead of 40
puking for 3 days straight the first time I met my boyfriend and girlfriend
food poisoning myself and vomiting on a train station and near a public toilet that doesn’t work
inadvertently letting my junk fall out of my pants in front of a coworker.
a kiss
not measuring first
Dumping
masturbating so good I passed out in the bathroom
as I forgot my buttplug in the bathroom
seeing that cum wall post and remembering I did something similar... in church. On children’s art.
heating up a donut for 40seconds.
Hi not closing the washroom door while taking a piss.
lying to my gf (again)
taking off on New Year's Eve
telling my friend because of unstable people such as himself buying guns, we have mass shootings.
staying up to catch an early morning flight and unintentionally ruining airport travel for someone, forever
telling my wife she reminds me of John Candy. making my parents think there was an emergency.
looking at engagement rings online.
stalking a woman and her family in a Walgreens
calling 911 after I thought I was choking
trying to bang a girl I met at the mall
snooping in my boyfriend’s things
Zoom Funeral Fuck Up
Drove into my parents garage door and it will cost 1700 dollars to replace with no insurance
I said a stupid thing on 9/11
not getting treatment for tonsillitis
finding out man flu is a legit thing
getting drunk and locked out of my dorm... in my boxers... at 2 AM (I think)
"breaking" my knuckles on my locker
rekindling with a guy I hooked up with three years ago.
not closing our bedroom door during sex.
opening to the wrong friends
attempting to go camping in the year 2020 like we do every other year.
checking on my friend's dogs
using an open window and not using a Kleenex
accidentally liking a tweet of cartoon porn while job hunting and not realizing it for several months.
making coffee without my glasses on, with lumpy milk
accidentally setting myself on fire
asking my crush out for drinks
I spontaneously raged on my father and now my daughters won't get an inheritance for their education.
I feel like an asshole
I made too many mistakes at just the last minute
posting a short story about my crush
sending my Mother a picture
accidentally texting my girl my plans to propose to her
being too arrogant and losing to my crushes asshole crush.
lighting a Bunsen Burner.
By making Mac and cheese in a microwave
not properly planning for unemployment and living with family
scaring the shit out of my Mom
staying in this subreddit for a while
playing fortnite
when I flashed the entire beach, and got punched in the balls
leaving lunch early during Coast Guard boot camp
accidently nearly killing myself
touching a tissue with dried up blood on it
breaking my streak
aggressively cleaning my ears
I might have lost my closest friend
getting a mod from a popular sub banned
chugging a soda and then holding in the fart
The Korean overgrown meadow and the importance of butt hole hair.
drinking too much and missing my flight
believing that I made one of the biggest mistakes on my life
Eating A Piece Of My BIL's Sandwich
being nearly thrown out of a soccer game for cheering
mixing up circumference... and circumcision
putting a hot knife in my mouth
This isn't an I F'd up it's my boss F'd up! &amp; I'm trying to ethical but it is too funny!
My brother will never get laid
grabbing the wrong f*cking order. Calling My Friend The Wrong Gender
chanting 'shower! shower!' at the local family pool.
unknowingly using nicotine pouches wrong
cussing in an email to my professor
getting caught with weed and probably almost getting arrested
nazi saluting a professor at University
picking up my brother
using a accidentally hitting N
celebrating my birthday and my friendzone
peeing into a scented bottle
accidentally ruining my BF's proposal to me...
when I pulled off my date’s leg
trapping a feral kitten in my basement
giving me resident 2 dagree burns
at the Gynecologist's Office
ordering some adult toys on Amazon
teaching my nephew the correct name for his genitals
sharing whisky with friends.
being late my Online Exam
sneaking out of my house at night with a friend
letting my mom found my cumsock
Bangin my crush was on; but it was something I said
taking a shit on a ferry
calling a speakeasy a swingers club next to my dad
masturbating ... then burning my vag
losing new company keys that my boss just gave me after working here for 2 weeks..
shitting myself while running
accidentally ordering &amp; eating way too much food by myself
I cut my baby hair and now look bald
not posting a NSFW stuff here
joking "don't come to me with job offers less assassination the President of the US" to a WhatsApp group that has 200+ people
Anyone do the bluetooth speaker porn thing before? I can do you one even better.
wearing noise canceling headphones while masturbating
Locked shop key behind security shutter
This Year I f'ed up) by not paying attention to my wifi or wife.
going on a run
when I tried to have a bath in a hotel
and ruined someone's Thanksgiving
getting slapped in the face by racism and not even realizing it.
walking in on my grandparents having sex.
talking about my cat around my grandmother’s church friends
opening the oven door while baking chicken
playing porn in front of my entire class.
Can y’all check this out
getting to most expensive blowjob of my life
leaving my car door unlocked when I was working
telling a coworker that I'm a literal shapeshifter
Skipping Class
Outed myself as a ridiculous One Direction fan to prospective employer
getting 6 stiches on my leg
getting electrocuted by KFC Wet Wipes .
Forgets mic is on
showing my friends the kinda porn I watch
smoking too much weed, thinking my balls fell off, and that I'm finally dying.
burning cardboard in my grandmother’s house.
grabbing the wrong bottle of lube
Saying goodbye
committing self-genital mutilation
enjoying my gf’s company in a parking lot at 1am
YIFU by forgetting about sleep
flooding the office
For Buying a Brand New Swiffer Sweeper on Accident.
I asked my boss to marry me
meeting 4 girls I barely knew with my friend
I've got less than a month to study to pass 8 exams
having sex with my girlfriend with my parents home
Not defecating while on Opiates.
eating food while watching a movie
Not Going to the Doctor
mistakenly consuming large amount of Cambodian tap water.
not using the public restroom
showing off my butt muscles for my wife.
using body wash soap as lube.
putting dish soap in my mask
and drank my wife's breastmilk
while I was an extra on Ozark?while I was an extra on Ozark?
letting Chester cheetah sexually harass my fiancé
venting about my lack of intimacy on reddit
drinking from an open water bottle, freaked out because I thought it was bleach water and that I was gonna die, realized it was watered down hydrogen peroxide, and then profusely vomited.
taking 6 dulcolax in an hour, after not shitting for 2 days
taking 18 grams of shrooms and pissed myself
trying to cheat adding my own personal scent to the office
buying my coworker a huge glitter bomb, and having it delivered to the office.
I thought I was related to Uncle Kracker
living nextdoor to my crush for most of my life and not realizing it
My girlfriend broke up with me because I wasn’t emailing her during quarantine
announcing in our class official group that nobody will attend classes
picking my nose in front of coworkers...and eating it
not knowing the difference between booty call and butt dial.
letting my mother see my junk
letting the dog have free reign of the brand new house while we went grocery shopping
going to live with a guy I obviously didn't know as well as I thought
drinking alcohol for the first time.
including a readme with leaked files
not reading my Pre-Cal Test correctly
getting stuck in a pit of mud and cow shit
telling my mother unnecessary information.
giving a drunk dude a ride home from a bar.
calling my wife a dumb bi*ch
bringing a 5 year old to the butcher and mentally scarring him or making gay
checking the dates on sausages
sleeping while beating meat NSFW
casually calling my wife "crazy" the same exact day she was prescribed anti-anxiety / anti-depression meds.
masturbating on my dads bed and leaving a stain wich he found
lighting my legs on fire
projecting my iPad to the entire class.
making a Fedex driver probably wonder if I was a necrophiliac M
I'm in Cambodia and I bought a bunch of different varieties of Ramen incase of coronavirus and I have no way to heat up water but I remembered how unbelievably hot the shower water gets so I use it to make ramen then I realized that I've just eaten two bowls of ramen with cambodian tap water.
following a crazy lady to her house to approach her
aggressively telling a guy to put his mask on
atrophying my assholes, nsfw
accidentally associating my engagement with the song Lollipop by Lil' Wayne
flooding my toilet onto the bathroom floor
I went full Samuel Jackson
using the electric razor in the upstair bathroom
not checking my pockets
starting my own small (computer repair) business in Seattle
being unmuted on an industry wide zoom call while having diarrhea w/ partner calling me out for my smelly poo
Today I fucked up by unknowingly killing my lizard
taking a light jaunt through these wilds that engulf the surroundings of my home!
Being Educated by a Videogame
posting a fact on r/ publicfreakout on Reddit.
I gave my non-stoner coworker an edible and he had to call an ambulance
taking a double dose of my ADHD meds.
leaving on my camera and mic on.
live-streaming my sex tape to my roommate's TV
Digital fingerprints...
kidnapping 3 kids
forgetting where my school project was going to end up.
wathhing most of Hanna season 2, thinking it was the first season. (boring)
thinking I had the best anniversary gift for my boyfriend, only to realize the gift is low key a scam and his father is an EXPERT in his field
parachuting molly with my 53 yo boyfriend who had never done it...
recommending a video game to my 80 year old father-in-law
my neuroscience essay
not flossing.
MY NAME IS FRANK GARRETT. I'M WITH DUNCAN CONSTRUCTION. I LIVE IN STILWELL, OK
going to Zumba
turning on my webcam accidentally during my zoom meeting while I was in the shower.
putting my fingers in a blender
drunk buying 50 lbs (22.6kg) of applesauce
having dreams of sheep
accidentally saying BWC shirt instead of BMW shirt when talking with my brother
freaking out my in-laws
LPT Don't steal a homeless person's bike
IM STUCK BETWEEN LIVING LIFE IN MY EARLY 20s or taking a career for life
TIF when I splattered cars next to me with mud when I got stuck
not realising my activities leader was disabled
accidentally lying to mom about plans
making my sister wear a shark costume for 9 hours
Put a joke video online, people thought it was real.
learning I am slightly related to my fiance
pouring cereal
making fun of my teacher with an open mic while in a Zoom class
telling my wife that i want to kill her dad and step mom...
forgot to hide my cum pillow
Starting a day with such a pain
giving myself a golden shower
almost going to Africa by accident
leaving my birth certificate on my desk overnight
peeing on a tree at night
deciding to take 2 magnesium tablets and guzzling water before going for a 3 hour mountain bike without any toilets.
Unknowingly Applying to College as a Fictional Race.
Letting the dog watch the kids swim.
By looking at my crush social media in front of my whole class (including her)
showing off Japanese phrases that I thought I knew to a Japanese colleague
trying to turn off my HomeKit lights and ended up calling 911
not hiding NSFW art better when I was sixteen
being in Walmart with my pants around my ankles.
losing 110lbs. and trying to prove my identity to prevent credit card fraud.
Traumatizing a Mourning Friend (and Defiling his Couch)
for playing vr 5 minutes before class.
telling my surgeon that my husband hit my surgical site
agreeing to an open relationship
I have been looking for this kind of a group lol so happy I found it!
accidentally cursing in Greek to my mom because I didn’t know what malaka meant
trying Paqui's One Chip Challange
trying to deal with ants
on first tinder date, couldnt get it up, went to her toilet 10 times and jacked off
wiping my ass
letting my boyfriend finger me
A 1200 lb hay bale landed on my chest
cleaning the fleshlight in front of my Tinder friend
saying “Retirement home” rather than where you retire right after working while talking to my parents.
trying to talk dirty in bed. (NSFW)
detaching my first ever negative film from its compartment when trying to rewind it.
like right now today)
being a Gay Toilet Spider 🐜
Sent my brothers/friend of my mom screenshots with grindr notification at the top
being homeless.
moving my oven to chase a mouse, thus discovering a graveyard of mice, and then getting the glue trap stuck to the oven.
Googled "squirt suit" instead of "squirrel suit" on my work computer...
going to bed too early.
coughing(Title too short coz I don't want to run the reading experience)
I used a 6-year-expired hemorrhoid suppository
farting loudly at my employer's washroom and I'm sure they heard.
bu clicking next instead of submit
Sending brothers/friend of my mom screenshots with grindr notifications
Today my friends f'd up my chatting in microsoft teams while my friends' teacher was on his laptop in-class (click the link to go to the image).
trying to send nudes to a guy
getting too old to stand at concerts.
asking a friend to slap me and getting a concussion
making a move on my religious friend, and as a result ending the friendship
leaving my debit card on the roof of my car
accidentally starving my infant daughter
flipping off the cameras at work
misunderstanding the quiz
Sent bad words to a grade 7 teacher.
not turning my alarm volume up
flashing three tables filled with guys my bra
farting in an elevator full of females, 1 being my secret crush.
giving weed brownies to my little sister by accident and getting into deep shit with my parents
giving pumpkin pie to the homeless
leaving my garage door open
Today I fucked up, by not realizing that i am sharing the exact screen where i am bitch talking about my colleague who is in the call.
eating burger seasoned with boots sealant.
letting my baby sister eat Dalgona coffee
making all my friends think I watch people when they sleep
Accepting Kiss of Death Role at Work
Change to OIFU
laughing at a probable concussion happening right in front of me
having the sex
not taking my Zyrtec
ordering $500,000 worth of supplies at work.
playing the saxophone for a girl i hardly knew
Today I fucked up, by leaving a heartfelt letter in a doorway.
Plz God why?
I trusted the wrong person too much and had it whole up in my face
When I Went to Have Some Chicken Gravy
making a stranger think I was trying to carjack them
stabbing myself with a screwdriver.
not talking about my social life
Said STFU to my teacher
overestimating my sexting skills and now the guy wants to hook up and thinks I’m a total freak in bed
something I can not even justify
showing my daughters lies to the people she was lying about
going to work at my supposed schedule
scratching my balls during a presentation
naming my iPhone “big daddy” and having major cringe regret
having sex with my husband.
getting caught peeing in public
getting caught jerking it by my professor
"Watering The Lawn" and Coughing Blood.
peeing my pants while meeting my girlfriends parents for the first time.
Im alone ...
accidentally sending my boss nudes and outing myself as gay
hitting on a gd minor
not getting medical insurance for the next year
buying weed from a teenager with a gun
getting a raging boner and farting right in my physiotherapist's face
teaching a guitar class of 12 year olds
accidentally making a cop think I was about to rob my own store.
calling my physics professor cute. going down the rabbit hole of old archived Reddit posts, only to see a fellow redditor cooked and ate his own amputated foot
licking my wife
By not doing my poo diligence
trying to score in suspicious circumstances and getting arrested
accidentally overdosing on Caffeine and almost killing myself.
having a wet dream during a sleep study
giving my toddler fries every time we go through a drive through.
accepting a drink from a stranger
joking I would ditch my GF for one of my friends (another girl)
because an ugly girl tricked me into having s*x with her
wearing my jacket inside out infront of my crush
Yikes.
not turning on the air conditioning
forgetting my name in the NICU
Always set a timer for the sprinklers
letting my dad into my room
not knowing a Tinder Hook Up: Close Call: Murder
cutting my own hair.
dating my Neighbor's Daughter
listing used music equipment for free on craigslist
scream singing half naked thinking I was home alone.
covering chilli in Taco Bell fire sauce.
X3
forgetting what my dog ate in the morning, resulting in a 2500$ vet visit.
getting accepted for a small business loan.
angering my gf really bad
saying "Lemme get out of your hair"
being a sulky mess in front of the person I have a crush on
letting my animal crossing villager call me "βitch".
Time flies
asking my gf to give me a blow job.
eating Nachos with some hot salsa
not taking Star Wars seriously
letting sauerkraut ferment for 3 months and then unleashing the foul stench at the dismay of the residents of my apartment complex.
taking my boyfriend to a strip club
buying a ticket airplane to US for 4 days vacations with a connexion in Frankfurt, they cancel the flight
not cleaning up the Christmas tree before my mom got home
going to the wrong job interview with my dress unzipped
accidentally cattle burning/branding myself while at work
I had to many job opportunitys and abandon one of them
leaving my backpack near my cat
making a joke about my dead ex boss
losing my ring in my gfs vagina
believing it was paper view not pay for view my whole life.
trying to help a dead person
giving my cat a stupid name
dear reddit, today I fucked up by sexing the sexy woman at the sex shop!
thinking my body's response was relatively normal.
NEED DESPERATE HELP!
By accidentally shooting a load into my girlfriends mouth...
allowing myself to get robbed like the idiot i am.
stopping a drippy faucet
giving away a £33,000 book for a birthday present
I peed myself on an 8 hour drive
almost killing my roommate
cutting habaneros then touching my dick.
screaming an expletive on a recorded call
because I used a hairbrush to try anal masturbation and found out I had pinworms.
giving my wife the worst eczema outbreak she's ever had.
saying the word penis out loud in school and saying the test answers to someone who has not took the test yet, when the teacher who gave us the test was behind me.
making a short story entirely too long
exploring a ghost town
giving oral to my dog
changing the cats’ litter box.
hearing the word "balls" for the word "bowels"
trying to teach my bird cute phrases
taking someone else’s cart at Costco.
eating dry cat kibble
not knowing I was in a date.
ordering wayyy to much of a joghurt-a-like dairy drink
assuming it would be easy to post a question about "microclit" to r/askreddit...
not muting my mic before singing in the shower.
guys im cumming guys please i need to stop im cummmmmming
Leaving The Stove On
jabbing my hand into a woman's boob after a Sensitivity Training
eating dragon fruit and thinking I was shitting blood.
accidentally going into the wrong changing room
telling my camp counselor a performer fisted me
letting weed destroy our relationship.
Wild
shaving some of my balls off
My apartment complex changed management company. They did unit inspections for everyone, when I noticed I left my bright pink vibrator out.
failing to kill a demon bug a few days ago
thinking i got my sister pregnant...
turning my lost keys into a $300 repair
letting my boyfriend touch my titties
letting my anxiety get the best of me...
forgetting to take off my cock ring before going to work.
cooking with hot peppers, ending in a burnt penis.
crashing in the same spot I crashed before while showing my friend where I crashed.
underestimating how much a garbage can full of shit weighs
going in for the side hug after at least two seconds of hesitating for a dap or a handshake...
I was shown a post on insta
letting my mic open in an important meeting and saying Pet me Pet me
cleaning by trampoline and getting showered with ants.
getting naked in front of security cameras at work
not taking a hint from a hot salesperson
ending someone else's relationship
dad sexted sibling group chat
realizing kiwis aren’t supposed to hurt
wearing a sex toy to a wedding...
being found having sex with a client
getting my girlfriend paranoid about pregnancy
telling my neighbor his mom is pregnant
listening to explicit song after reading a
writing a song in final year UG exams and wasted 2 years my life.
car window broke and takeout.
not listening to my gut
trying to play a joke on someone
and presented my testicle in class
having sex with my sick husband
when broke a shirt pocket.
almost losing my job because I tried to catch a snake.
commenting on a post in r/TwoXChromosomes......
being frendzoned by my crush because she doesn't have feelings for me
delving too deeply into Reddit
forgetting my gym key.
doing something different in bed NSFW
not realizing a bunch of people hacked into my account
watching porn while online class
Got cum on in my girlfriends eye
missing my flight while sitting at the gate.
messing around with a girl's phone while asking her out.
White belt mistake
thinking a dead spider was a dried up strawberry top
forgetting age of consent.
VASTLY underestimating the strength of my (18 F) nerdy boyfriend's thighs
applying to at least 30 jobs with a troll resume.
admitting to my state subreddit my side job which they didn’t like.
applying the medicine in the wrong area.
flushing a 27 year old toilet
referring to one of our HR reps as a bitch at a staff party and her boyfriend heard
going to Dunkin’ Donuts
letting out a huge BEEFER unknowingly in front of a girl
Realizing I’m not ready for College to Late
snooping on my Husband's phone!!
Walking to a Restaurant Instead of Driving bc it was “Easier”
shaving with mint conditioner
fist-bumping the cashier at a Chinese restaurant not knowing he was trying to give me my change back
Just throwed a full coffe pot away
accidentally laughing that my coworker got Covid
making a car payment equal to nearly a year's salary
shoving my foot into the stairs
shaking my friend’s grandparents hands.
using the elevator
** masturbating with toothpaste...**
letting a coworker know that I saw her nude
sitting wrong
letting my mom smell my sex juices
leaving a document worth 20 million dollars on the bus
I sent a nude to my classmate
sending a video of a seal raping a penguin to my crush.
accidentally being racist
I rubbed in my fragile spots with toothpaste
feeding my gf's dogs my manjam
Marshmallow Burns
asking for an itemized list
telling my whole course that I wanted to go smoke a bong after the lecture.
inadvertently paying a stripped to do nothing but talk about their life
giving my cat the wrong cat food and watching him projectile vomit
watching porn too loudly
running a stop sign while skating and nearly getting yeeted straight to heaven by a truck.
accidentally getting myself suspended
Selling Equipment at Work
breaking my toe and then falling down the stairs
denting my car after I JUST got it
making our neighbors think that we have hardcore sex all of the time
getting caught peeing in public.
accidentally asking my friend to kiss me and making the whole night after awkward between us
not flushing my toilet paper and finding out i’m supposed to without knowing my whole life
masturbating with a fat burning cream
pinning a Viber message
saying something racist
feeding my daughter crayons
being a try hard in a game of basketball.
thinking my arm had fallen off
getting a sunburn
convincing my classmates to make T-Shirt Togas during PE and stink up the locker room
getting too stoned
My mum just fucking found my sex toy in the bin
telling kids off at a park damaging public propertybut not closing my bathroom door
dreaming wild
dropping my phone into a loaded toilet.
accidentally changing my clothes on discord
taking a “shortcut” while hiking.
accidentally making a sexist joke.
accidentally soliciting nudes
not knowing how my new car's audio system worked
waking my boyfriend with a punch to the nuts
helping my Aunt realize her child has the Nastiest Pong Hand
forgetting to set the brakes in a semi truck while it rolled backwards down a mountain.
Yelling in San Francisco
being too good at darts
(ALTA)IFU and ended up on the news with the caption, "Wheelchar Pepper Spray."
not telling the wife I had PTSD.
ruining my chances with a possible FWB. NSFW
Caught jerking off by dads gf
giving my phone to my little bro
not stopping the big dada talk
eating an apple
saying "ok boomer" in our classes whatsapp group
burning parts of my eyebrows, eyelashes, and hair
I suggested naming a cat after my sister's first husband in front of her third husband.
flooding my living room
learning I've been spending too much on hay
farting directly into my father in-laws mouth
accidentally harboring a fugitive
not checking the bottom of my screen
forgetting my friend's wedding that was today because I put it down on my Google Calendar as the 29th.
ruining my moms pan and almost setting off fire alarms
TOFU: Too many spices! (For all you cooks and/or herbalists)
thinking it was safe to go to a small party after months of selfquarantine
my mom doing her first ever phone check on my phone, and her finding my Instagram with pics for my boner.
destroying my only means of entertainment during Quarantine
being a toxic rocket league player
punching and destroying my laptop displays after getting killed by a camper five times.
getting high and lighting my belly botton on fire
telling my eye doctor that “Not All Cops Poop”
I lost $50 while closing my first night shift.
trying to send nudes while I was stoned.
posting a link to a wikihow article about how to build a gallows on my company chat channel
ignoring my lactose intolerance
saying something I didn’t mean that I knew would hurt someone
buying an automatic paper shredder and leaving it plugged in while owning a really dumb cat.
“City Morgue”
accidentally posting a nude to my story
agreeing to a threesome.
making out with my diary
submitting an online test without solving it.
watching porn with my parents.
forgetting to take sanitary products and spare clothes on a day out in Disneyland
kidnapping my neighbour's cat
not listening to my son's urgent need for a poo
assuming that my texts and sense of humor were only a little bit dark. Turns out, as my parents told me, I was gaining a reputation as a crazy person.
not wanting to dump melted ice cream into the toilet
trying not to seem too desperate for a job I really want, then forcefully asking the recruitment person of the company to call me NOW (at 8pm)
making a joke to my Karen aunt.
There is a coin in my ass
wearing silicone
peeing on the wall.
sending my mom an audio file of me taking a fat rip from a bong.
NHS sex problem
accidentally performing the Heimlich maneuver on myself.
leaving my vibrator in the couch
not knowing that Snapchat has a saved album
creating a shower slip and slide.
sleeping with my cousin.
Shaving my Pubic Hair and Tarnishing the Toilet
letting my kid go naked outside
leaving a mechanical pencil on my bed
giving myself food poisoning and burning my butthole
giving my dog a foot fetish
scaring a stranger
stink bombing my dorm room
taking down the ENTIRE work network.
not realizing what type of person my neighbor was in time
taking a dump in my friend's yard
not knowing what happens when you hide your posts.
stripping down naked for my cousin
wiping my vagina with an anti-bacterial cleaning wipes
desecrating our wedding cake
sharing a reddit post to my wife.
singing a dildo jingle to my family
screaming to my mom
giving my grandmother a heroic dose of thc edibles
saying hi to my mom at the store
half-lying in lesson
Showing My Work Friends My Homemade Halloween Costume
calling out of work because of a death
unpairing my BT headphones
Everytime I think about this moment it makes me cringe
letting my anger control me, i almost hurting someone
getting too high and forgetting to walk my gf home.
spending a weekend on the couch...in my late twenties
becoming the spotlight of my best friends wedding
accidentally overdosing on laxatives.
going to work early
puking off a balcony onto my own car
How I ended up sleeping alone on Valentine’s Day
trying CBD oil
forgetting my wife's birthday
having the sexiest sex one could ever sex (GONE WRONG) (IN THE HOOD)
being responsible for my dogs death
ripping a tractor in half
almost paralyzing myself
cheating in an exam
realizing I’m a month late to enroll.
being an absolute dumbass
singing about bestiality in front of my crush
not buying my gift for Secret Santa incognito and letting my family believe I was into kinky sex.
My poop is too round and it couldn't flush, at work
being too lazy to grab socks
At some PEZ I found in a drawer.
w my crush
joking that our bar’s staff meeting was an intervention
a real estate showing by falling asleep without an alarm
waxing my vagina with hard wax!!
accidentally eating cat poop
killing my child's first pet.
leaving my dorm room
Rick rolled for the first time ever...
trying to establish a relationship with my estranged son
asking a mom at the park if she has Snapchat
losing the love of my life.
accidentally fapping my beat in front of all my classmates
Today I fucked up by asking if my long work hours are an issue.
Fell for a phishing scam, may have compromised entire school.
giving my grandmother a tablet w/weird porn on it.
I double tapped a post here
having ghost pepper seasoning on my dinner
realizing I am not right handed.
“Accidentally” Came on my Sister’s Blanket
feeling very sexy and doing sexy sex haha so basically sex
and gave my best friend a gun for her protection before realizing shes psycho
ghosting someone for the first time
getting severely constipated right after getting a brand new ass connection
sending a dick pic to my gfs mom
being 1 minute late
locking my keys and phone in my running car
causing absolute pandemonium on an overcrowded bus on NYE
thinking a girl wanted to be my best friend
masterbating in the shower accidentally setting my friend's computer on fire via Garry's Mod
returning a pizza cutter to my new neighbor
Fiberglass F*ck Up
watching “The Strange Thing About The Johnsons” thinking it was a comedy
claiming I sagged my Dog.
saying the first thing that came into my mind trying to avoid a girl
Losing everything
spilling water on my $1000 laptop and destroying it
accidentally threatening to kill my partner during sex
obliterating my calf muscles..
not having ID when it’s Amtrak’s policy
telling Twitter my real birthdate
taking 200 blurry pictures
Coffee to Go
accidentally hitting on a customer
eating some fried noodles from a fast food buffet after not taking a shit in 3 days.
Thought it was CBD...
telling my sick laundryman to wear a mask.
reading reddit
making my (17 F) mom (52 F) believe I was horny 20 minutes before my boyfriend (17 M) came over.
fucking my towel when my mom was in the house
Sleep Sex
pool shitting on baby
deleting nearly 1000gb worth of games from my PlayStation.
Getting married tomorrow, forgot to get the marriage license
I told my friend's mom off, in front of her, without me knowing it was her mom
asking a girl for boobs photo
sticking my d*ck inside a donut
Today i fucked up by dropping a fish
sleeping with someone hotter than me
almost passing out in the middle of the woods
Engagement Announcement Gone Wrong
missing my final exam for a university class
Trying to flirt went wayyyy wrong
well someone did)
"repairing my PS5 software issue"
NSFW, when I accidentally sent money to the wrong person
letting a loose keg hookup pour out all my booze
leaving my cat with my sister
telling my mom I had a head burn
cheating in school
borrowing money I cant return
asking a couple what their daughters names were
telling my best friend’s fiancé I had feelings for her
and put my ex in a dangerous situation
just giving my son the five finger palm exploding heart technique.
sending a suggestive video to a group chat of my peers.
for accidentally sending my old middle school classmate a tiktok video
Ww3
being significantly impaired.
asking my doctor about getting a vasectomy.
testing advertising screens at work
not holding in my diarrhoea a second longer
minding my own
sending my mum a sexually explicit gif.
Accidentally closed all the tabs I kept for later reading
trying to send an inappropriate text message right before a video meeting with my grad school advisor
hoverboarding
deciding to have some alone time fun in my living room
deleting Reddit
and found out my emails have been sending under the name “Titty Sprinkles”
Foot in mouth
when my best friend's date overheard me talk about him
thinking something was junk mail
leaving my sex toys out for days and forgetting they were on my nightstand
accidentally gassing my family out of the house.
accidentally texting the new girl I'm dating that I'm juggling 3 or 4 other women
Asking My Friend if She Was on Her Period
accidentally pepper spraying an empty bus.
not loosening up
sharing my opinion on people complaining about coronavirus online.
stripping in front of my sisters class
accidentally flirting with/embarrassing an old man at work
not realizing that kiwis don't do that forgetting to put my recycling bin out.
taking a dump in a strangers backyard with no access to TP.
We've all done it before :(
criticizing a group?
not talking to my first grade teacher
antagonizing an entire company with Kermit spreading his ass memes until I psychotically broke
blowing up a condom and throwing it in a bag for the tip.
Trolling a man who then tried to kill me who liked poo
not using a throwaway for this
when I realized today that I've basically been an incel for a while now
dropping my jaw at my wife's question
being high and possibly surveilled as part of a pedophile sting possibly ruining it in the process.
accidentally electrocuting a random dog for 5+ minutes
assuming my ex blocked my number and becoming a crazy exgirlfriend.
calling out two friends that have been secretly dating
cumming on my bed not cleaning up
loosing a friend by taking shrooms
not watching “A Bronx Tale.”
being 16 and driving into my friends fathers expensive combine harvester
If I (M) just sent my ex (F) home that morning.
Not listening to the instructions of my washing machine.
telling my nephew his dad was in prison
deleting a whole essay
f19 looking for fun and trade nudes kik me @ MeRoxy20
not getting excited when my wife told me she was pregnant
accidentally stealing some pizzas
giving sterile head telling my sister in law she isn't pulling her weight with the income
asking out a woman who’s married, gay, and English is her second language.
giving an official police statement while tripping on DXM
M19) by getting my mom bitten by a pitbull, strangling my father and nearly pushing my sister into premature labor.
Paul cum
nearly shutting down an amusement park ride
making an unfunny joke my friend didnt understand
accidentally asking someone out as part of my joke.
not choosing group members.
Literally today I broke my 800$ computer.
eating my SO ass and finding worms
telling the McDonalds employees my burger tasted like cum
getting drunk on a quart of Crown Royal, and locking myself in the bathroom, flushing my underwear down the toilet.
forgetting about a condom
By not knowing i’m supposed to flush toilet paper down the toilet my whole life
talking to my dog while on a teams call
flirting with a cute barrista while unbeknownst to me having cum in my beard M 29
having an “accident” in a local cafe.
and got lost in the woods
going to the liquor store and making myself look like a total stalker.
putting my dick in boiling hot water
getting cockblocked by my bathroom mirror.
liking someone for 1.5 years
making my kid green eggs and ham
masturbating over a guy I was texting and coming across as a bitch
not watching my dog closely enough
getting caught egging a car
charging a customer $453 for a $10 meal and participating in credit card fraud.
staring at neighbour's chest, I think, not sure
TIDU by leaving my tennis wrist support band on for too long
COVID-19, Price Gouging, &amp; Or Today I Got Fucked
helping a random kid pee in the park, making him cry and looking like a complete pedo
day drinking at my work Christmas party then getting eyelash extensions
doing laundry
simply opening my mouth, and gave myself a secret embarrassing story that no one remembers. going afk to eat rice
no you’re not friggin bilingual
drinking an entire bottle of orange extract.
pulling over for a cop
not thinking twice about an acronym
spraying myself in the face with Raid
letting a girl copy from me on a test
giving myself hickeys on both my nipples
saying to my girlfriend that I used to think she was more rural
not muting myself on teams
Sending Butts to a girl.
opening the wrong drawer and seeing my mother’s monster sized dildo
asking too many questions leading to me having to work tomorrow
impaling myself in my sister's room just to get a granola bar.
reading stories
sending an email
Sent important documents from the wrong email
buying pokemon games from a scammer
wasting my good years.
leaving soggy pizza in my truck for 19 days!
shattering my whiskey
getting the food out of the McDonald's bag even though my mother told me to wait and ending up with a lifelong fear of turtles.
Being a guy: Cute vs Handsome?
bringing my stiff cum sock to school
calling my daughter a skinhead loudly in a grocery story.
taking some heavy duty pills and not reading up on the side effects.
UPDATE:  BEING NAKED IN MY BOYFRIENDS ROOM ANS HIS BROTHER WALKED IN
leaving butter in the microwave too long
calling a customer a dickhead while they were not on mute
forgetting to unlink an old PS4 Controller from my PS4.
telling my crush Im into her
being racist to my uncles girlfriend
washing dishes with handsoap
accidentally asking someone out as part of a joke i was saying.
hiring someone for a salary I can’t pay
crashing my brand new car
trying seduce a colleague with help from my wife
almost burning my friends house down..
by not checking the 'use by' date on my coffee creamer.
I ask for a girlfriend for Christmas. My mother complies
By blocking someone passing traffic on the shoulder
This is sad :( (throw away account, I will see the comments tough)
masturbating in the same bed my grandma was in when I was a kid.
leaving some very strong pot cookies on the counter
Giving My Roommate Weed, Beer, and Fireball
i got drunk this weekend and called my ex best friend and my girlfriend found out today
telling my boyfriends mom that his best friend has a pee fetish.
for letting my family think I've got Covid-19 rather than admit I tried vaping.
answering the call of nature whilst on a meeting
driving clutch for 4 years
going to the chiropractor
trying to help someone
trying to sympathize with a Nazi
doing a costly missclick
leaving out my vibrator for my husband's boss
posting a meme about simps in r/memes made mods ban me forever
I need to clean this
saying my reddit username out loud
Update:  spitting on my potential new employer
joining a Christmas parade
explaining jokes on The Simpson's to my kids
accidentally reaching out to an old colleague
Asked about the three branches of government. Responded with "Federal"
doing a late night search and exploring the depths of reddit.
Gulp
sending a voice message to my work group rather than friend group
getting my dick sucked by an ugly chick
telling someone “I Love You”
going to google for help-again.
ordering anal toys.
looking at my city’s sex offender registry
Most embarrassing thing that has ever happened to me...
using my boyfriend's Amazon account
บุ๋ม ปนัดดา หวังขจัดสวะสังคมให้หมด เปลี่ยนแปลงกฎหมายข่มขืน
making fun of my friend UPDATE
leaking someones nudes on my snap story.
I made it look like I only said I was trans for attention in pride month
popping my dick-acne
mixing Bleach, Lemon Ammonia, and Pinesol losing a textbook
dating a Nazi
permanently destroying a girl's self esteem because I wasn't able to get it up
Cops Looked Through My Place And Found My Darkest Secret....
smoking in my room
getting poked with an insulin needle.
TFIU by getting too high and passing out Infront of my mum.
trying to propagate Drimiopsis masculata like a caladium.
for saying Razor blade instead of Razer Blade
eating beans
My life
ripping a bong of only tobacco
playing Kidz Bop in School
I cannot keep my mouth shut and keep bumbling on like an idiot to this girl who’s an absolute goddess
making a joke that lost me a friend and enraged her entire family.
accidentally dressing as a KKK member for Halloween
not getting my cats claws trimmed and now my penis is bleeding.
for setting my testicles on fire while she was sucking my penis because I found out she was a smoker.
telling my older sister that our younger sister doesn't think women should have the right to vote
not closing my bathroom closet
shaving wrong for my whole entire life
forgetting to pack a bathing suit on the family beach vacation.
trying to Waterpik my tonsil
Throwing Out My Dog’s Vomit
watching too many horror movies
searching for a brothel
forgetting to sign papers for a play
being banned on this subreddit and now using this account to bypass the ban on my old account
Simple math
ruining my friendship with my best friend
getting semen in my eye.
By Reading the about that nasty BJ
Realizing “Screen Recordings” in Snapchat send notifications
thinking my boyfriend and I could have a sneaky quicky while my brother was taking a bath
not flushing the toilet and said it was the sewer
pranking a discord server with my friend
sending my boyfriend a video of a cemetery on Snapchat
telling everyone a family friend is pregnant (&amp; by sending a text I probably shouldn’t’ve)
not wearing clothes around the house not having enough practice and peeing on myself
eating dark chocolate.
Landlord's wife and kids could hear...everything. LEOs come do 245 AM check in.
playing loud music while I was in the bathroom
What If the Moon Disappeared Tomorrow done
Wallet Well Firemen
eating too much brownie mix and more
accidentally making nazi gestures at work.
when having sex at my girlfriends house when her parents were home
losing all my high school friends because they thought I was gay.
playing my favorite band
not controlling myself.
breaking my headphones into 3 species because I didn't control my anger..
when I sent my bosses an explicit text
grabbing my college professors ass and whispered that she’s sexy in her ear.
The Cucumber I played with was used for the Church Salad
Got drunk dialed by what sounded like a freak in bed, thought it was my ex.. Hilarity ensued
offering the Uber Eats guy a foot rub
missing my chance to get a girlfriend
latex allergy
making my something I was a sexual sadist.
posting a meta joke on reddit and just getting downvoted.
trying to improve myself and help someone else just before quarantine
eating ant ramen
Nothing
shoving my foot into the staircase so hard a piece of flesh almost came off
breathing air and getting the CoronaVirus
taking a poop.
asking for a little extra sausage.
Making My Mom Think Her Stalker Is Back.
getting blackout drunk and breaking into a stranger's home
Putting a Hole in my Wall
buy not wearing my work gloves
Constantly texting and calling someone's girlfriend
having an argument with my mom while my mic was turned on in an online class
by asking a bald girl if she had cancer.
hiking when I took a wrong turn and ended up on the side of a 1,000 foot cliff.
assuming my girlfriend didn’t want to be with me anymore
not being on mute during online class
sending my husband Disney furry porn.
slamming my laptop closed on my dick and strangling myself.
accidentally convincing my parents that im gay
Making Boiled Peanuts for Breakfast
Failing To Throw Away A Baby Wipe After Changing My Daughter’s Poopy Diaper
making my wife work
not being strong enough and got vomited on.
giving medication to the wrong child
ruining the best friendships I’ve ever had
falling into the pool
breaking up with my boyfriend
ignoring a global pandemic and telling a certain low-life reporter about it while he taped me.
Not Wiping My Ass
moving stuff from one counter to another to clean, and not paying attention.
accidently making a bottle of lysol explode in the dryer and getting accused of almost blowing up our neighborhood
spitting water to the girl in front of me during chemistry class.
video calling my teacher while on the toilet
Racing a slow car
giving a client the wrong cremated pet
telling her I like her
not putting my car all the way into gear.
getting essential oil on my crotch.
popping a pimple in my ear
eating a laced edible
I am a super porn freak.
making someone who I’ve looked up to and respect in my field excommunicate and hate me without knowing how
leaving my gf for chimichanga and coming back to find her projectile vomiting.
Accidentally Putting Call on Speaker
buying the wrong type of almond milk..
searching for memes and getting a dose of it myself
asking a coworker going through an emotional and unpleasant divorce if she wanted to date
making my wife think I might be ill
utterly failing at and giving up on posting to reddit
By calling my BF buy my ex’s name....while he was going to town down there
Walked in on my grandpa's porn, scarred for life
Friday the 13th ramen noodles burn
using washing up liquid as lube.
I SENT A GAY SHREK PORNO TO MY 82yo GRANDMOTHER. HELP.
talking about my bathroom ‘misadventures’
LITERALLY scaring the SHIT out of my cat
stabbing myself in the eye with a screwdriver
Really fucked up with asking a question in several forums Got deleted
putting on a jacket while wearing a cast
saying a friend looked like shit.
kneeing and grunting at my fiancé
Goating My Own Mother
Breakup shit
cutting the inside of my mouth in order to pass a Biology test.
telling my gay friend to ‘Get in the closet.’
talking while wearing my Apple Watch
going commando in public with my friends
not taking my time to get into my skinny jeans that were in the dryer too long!!!
calling in sick to work
making making homemade dumplings
I "Mained" my pet cat.
trying to pirate trying to pirate
People have been bullying me and I acted the wrong way can anyone help me
praising a colleague
accidentally sharing a smutty fanfic with a friend *UPDATE*
dropping some ibuprofen.
being caught losing my virginity to my cousin at my grandma's funeral
saving my caged cousin from a screaming sex worker who later pushed me down the stairs, then called the cops on me and told a bitch paramedic that I’m a paranoid schizophrenic to make sure they sedated me. But my tree stump- built SIL saved the day.
having too much crap in my tiny room and living out my childhood nightmare
not using lube with my fingerbox
minding my own.
looking out the window and seeing how our dog deals with blue balls.
Waxing Fail
submitting my quiz on google classroom without checking the background
asking my girlfriend how much weight she’s gained
being caught getting ready to jerk off by my brother
curing constipation too loud
complimenting an elderly woman
buying my girlfriend diamond stud earrings
eating two large pizzas on my own and downing 750 ml of water immediately afterwards.
thinking I had irritable bowel for the past 25 years
swallowed plastic bonder
not going to the bathroom at work
forgetting I wasn't alone
walking into the wrong classroom
kissing my child's finger tldr at bottom.
apparently taking my birth control pills “backwards” for two years
Always remember to cut your nails NSFW
leaving a package outside
tipping the pizza guy with my remote controller.
How to make perpetual income every month
saying "handjob" instead of handwash.
doing what I normally do
sending my family a portrait of OG Mudbone
losing the winning lottery ticket with a jackpot of 394 million dollars.
forgetting my landlord was showing my apartment
I called an eton mess an elon musk
wiping my ass after taking a poo in the woods.
slathering on peppermint oil
telling a girl I hooked up with I am a virgin while having sex with her (nsfw)
not recognizing my neighbor
eating a ghost chilli having not eaten for 13 hours.
typing out and sending a reply without fully reading the message that I was replying to.
putting my phone in a microwave
Using A Bad Opener On My Aunt
staring at a dick pic for more than 10 minutes.
accidentally making a dead baby joke to my coupled friends' who had a miscarriage
not putting a box in the recycling
spawning water in the nether
announcing on FaceTime with my brother that I am getting my nipples pierced while my dad was in the room.
checking my boyfriends laundry.
Microsoft sent an email to my mom saying I tried to watch porn.
buying the whole stock of my favorite chocolate.
Got my first motorcycle, and well...
Update) by not realizing the cute gym employee thinks I'm a trans woman.
becoming all three moderators of a large Discord server
locking my own car
forgetting i wasn't alone
having a conversation with a McDonalds bag
Upvoted a UK post and now i cant get rid of them.
Going Toilet With The Door Open
telling my family that my stepsisters mom died when she actually hadn’t ... yet.
I waited to too long to adopt this cat.
wildly and offensively misquoting "Only a Sith deals in absolutes"
getting high, accepting a free sample of sketchy cologne, and then freaking out
sending my aunt AMONG US NSFW
climbing a fence into a public pool and getting fined a combined $230
trying to masturbate NSFW
asking my cousin for her favourite movie
using a poisonous leaf as toilet paper
getting explosive diarrhea on a first date
flirting with my crush about another girl that looks like her
offering to have a mustache fight with my fellow mustachioed boss
Not Having A Case On My Phone
being seen with only sandals
not Checking the Spoon.
stealing a PS5 from a friend's kid
I almost told the class How my d*ck is now a noodle...
offering my neighbor weed
writing a Children's Christmas Song and playing it till I hated it...
NOT cumming during sex NSFW
eating far too fast at Easter dinner
drinking hot tea in thin pants and not paying attention.
looking up porn on my work computer.
sending my GF a big chungus video
getting my 14 month old a skin fade haircut.
complaining about stickers and almost ended up getting my lights knocked out.
asking a police officer to call me a cab.
By almost destroying the bathroom
sleeping with the window open
I accidentally called Jesus, Jesus
repeating a status I read.
explaining my experience with a scam service
Why i'm seen like hoe without being one..details please
catching a nice fish
calling my boyfriend a "slut dragon" as he was orgasming
Today I fucked up by playing pube roulette for months.
getting accused of wanking in a hot tub
desecrating the former house of George Washington
Disney+ Hotstar, Zee5, Sun NXT, MUBI, Voot, SonyLIV - Annual subscriptions (India)
watching porn and not noticing it being conneceted to my sisters bluetooth head phones
I kinda regret it
asking the McDonald’s guy serving me what was with all the people dancing in the car park ,( we could see them through the window ) ...... he casually but with a great deal of effort not to laugh , replied” that’s a bus load of def people having a conversion”. falling asleep on Reddit
trying to make myself feel / look better and ended up burning myself instead.
leaving a video game server
being the massive virgin I am and saying no to a girl offering me sex.
walking around in a very "natural" state in a very natural place
using plastic sheets as baking paper
forgetting I bought potatoes 6 months ago until now
ordering a ham and cheese sandwich
accidentally saying “i love you” to my FUBU
having insomnia and getting scammed at work
calling my dog to sit with me
peeing in front of a woman
submitting my university my application
temporarily becoming an Uber eats driver after messing up an order at Subway
going to a drive-in cinema
posting a link to a "how to build a gallows" wikihow article on my company chat
having a cat who only drinks from a faucet
Today I gave my wife a crappy day.
dating my sister
shitting in the mouth of Gregory Stevens, a black gentleman whose son never paid me
telling my in-laws that my son isn’t my husbands child
taking my buddies to class
taking my family on a walk.
Maborne - Comment convaincre et capter l'attention de vos clients en entreprise?
not waiting for my friends and having a broken face
talking about woman issues at work
getting my relatives drunk.
Stressed out, forgot about nutrition... fainted at CVS in the middle of a pandemic
showing a young teen guy porn at work
leasing to a drug dealer and waiting until COVID to *try to* end the lease.
Bringing cat to the vet
doing something so bad my wife now wants to divorce me.
Accidentally alluded to drugging a drink
sitting on a memory foam pillow for an extended gaming session.
Looking like i was in cocaine forgetting about my vibrator in my closet when workmen came to work on my flat
tanking my relationship
incorrectly accusing someone of stealing
saying im xenophobic (misunderstanding the definition of the word)
finding out that my boyfriend falls flat in scary situations.
trying to help a fellow classmate
being nice to my siblings dog
having ramen for breakfast
accidentally calling 911 and sending a message to my parents with an awkward nickname.
going to Jacksonville for the players championship
not having my ears checked
I dont like when my bf plays that game what do i do?
Being Registered to the Wrong Political Party for Over 3 Years
carrying someone else’s ID at the airport
forgetting that we had paused the tv
shredding the back of my ankles because I wasn’t wearing socks.
switching of the projector instead of the lights. 😔
using hair removing cream on the pubes
cutting off half of my eyebrow
Tinder first experience
Monday
buying lube that looked identical to hand soap
being a nice person
Found 50 bucks in the laundry machine and my mom said I could keep it
sending my ex a message saying I miss him a lot.
accidentally molesting my sister!
unlocking my phone in front of my mom
taking a dump in the woods and ending up in the E.R.
not realizing that cake days were a thing for two years in a row
giving a waiter at a hotel I‘m staying the finger
I broke my engagement ring with sausage fingers.
making a child cry when they asked me “trick or treat”
railroading my DMs campaign by introducing a new character
trying to spank my monkey with a glove that was too small.
scaring the shit out of my blind neighbor
telling a get I loved her after only a month
Test Post
subscribe my YouTube channel
breaking my partner’s heart - by rehoming a caterpillar
teaching my 9 year old the “stupid says what?” joke. Sigh.
leaving the back door unlocked
not looking at the gender sign on the bathroom door.
not checking the thumbnail before watching porn
having my dirty talks being overheard by my professor for months
giving a fist bump to the guy handing me hand sanitizer at a pharmacy.
being lazy and breaking my phone's display to smithereens
*almost* burning down my room
not applying enough sunscreen at a party
Online Girlfriend Has Bigger Plans Than I Thought...
cooking sourdough discard
assisting to what previously invited as a "petition the lord with prayer" and ended up with the whole cult to Jehovah and that stuff.
asking my fiancé to send nudes. fingering my girlfriend with metal shavings in my hands
for signing up for tinder and inadvertently swiping right on the girl my best friend is dating.
singing "other friends" with my girlfriend after sex and my little sister tried to join
congratulating one of my professors on a particularly loud fart he did in the cubicle next to me.
cutting jalapeños for dinner and touching my dong (with bonus fuck-up from girlfriend!)
asking a student to take off his jacket
Today I fucked up by falling through a schools ceiling
I fucked up. I’ve been doing the wrong portion of the online class.
showing my white privilege
being a bitch towards our family friend
shooting my Uncle with fireworks
flipping off my ex-girlfriend’s father
shopping for a vibrator
going shopping after anal
Take that spoon and...
having Bluetooth 5.0 on my headphones
/giving a like
Jokingly sung a song which sounds racist
giving myself food poisoning while trying really hard not to cheat on my diet...
accidentally throwing half of my breakfast into the bin
Downtown
drinking gas
I turned down the best date in my life!
this happened today and I am already in kinda hot water with my dad because of school and I just slept through four online classes.
Breaking My Laptop's Keyboard
forgetting to mute my microphone during an online class while watching twitch on my phone.
mixing up the French word for cat and p*ssy
almost burning down my school’s chemistry lab
one of many dumbass moments
TIUF by using DoorDash and not checking my account
granting my gf her ultimate fantasy NSFW
anally masturbating and not knowing my wife's work schedule
mumbling "Will do!"
ringing in sick to work
I bid on ebay as a joke
sabotaging a possible friendship
at workplace by being cleverer
using a Bluetooth speaker with my phone during a Zoom meeting.
marking the cycle of a co-worker in my schedule
IFU a year ago. by helping a little girl undress
watching Cars 3.
pulling over in a carpark to pee
I'm buttoning my pants, not doing THAT
assuming I wouldn't get kicked out of a family party
having too much wine and having a heart to heart with my sister-in-law.
not wearing bike shorts and exposing my ridiculous underwear to a hallway of students.
and almost hit a pedestrian’s dog.
telling a paraplegic kid to stand up
being at my friends house
ripping a huge fart in a study period
not getting tested for melanoma
My notebook had naked poorly drawn people and i gave it to my parents. (7 yrs old)
leaving my bong under the sink
satisfying myself in the basement
So I eat meat (enthusiastically) and I got a spam message from an activist group.
giving my dog PTSD and making him think that there was another earthquake
eating half a tub of ice cream and ruining 'sexy time' plans
and masa a joke that cost my mom a 10k interest free cash loan.
Sent the wrong text to the wrong chat
not cancelling my alarm
giving my school principal a front row seat to me taking care of business behind a tree
trying to put a rubber duck in a building with an alarm
My friends keep forgetting I'm a year older and I feel weird each time. Idk how to bring up my age again
getting my pet macaw drunk on Vodka
confusing maxi pads for another product
trying to play animal crossing, getting frisky with my SO and then stubbing my toe on the door.
Constipated fart of despair
leaving a PS4 party with my friend of 8 years
leaving a porn website opened in my phone
texting a recruiter for a job that he needs to put out because today is national horny day.
NSFW -  driving home for Christmas in my new car and burning a hole into my ass with the heated seats.
playing a BDSM game with a crazy woman who uses the law to get back at men
shattering my boyfriends window
I thought this subreddit was for the youtuber, so I didntI didn't join for weeks
uttering two words I will likely regret for the rest of my life.
putting on earbuds before I went to sleep
being a reason for a car crash
forcing my gf to deepthroat
making my family think I was suicidal when in reality I was just sick of Michael Bublé
Hi reddit,  getting a candle with a ring inside it.
agreeing to a couples night and couldn’t perform
watching porn on my phone while it automatically connected to Alexa
filing for unemployment while VPN was on
getting super high and drinking, and proceeded to burn the shit out of hand and arm
waiting seven years to fix an anal fissure and walked away with two thirds of my asshole.
not listening to my instincts
throwing in my crush’s car twice..
Not Following My Own Advice...But the Knife Is Gone...(Threw it in the Bushes)
accidentally alluding to drugging a drink
waiting in the line outside the mall bathroom
honking my car horn at a hearse
making a joke while discussing a customer in an email
wetting my pants while doing electrical work
LNIFU threw up ON a bar
accidently substituting for a special ed class
swapping places on the bleachers with my dad at a hockey match
yelling across the house that I'd help my son build his Lego X-wing. Except I said "X-rares," which is an obscure porn site I frequent.
nearly setting the apartment on fire, pissing off my roommates.
getting food
making a lady at Walgreens think I've been abused or am an addict
accidentally talking to my mom about a pornstar
accidentally doing meth
Im a ducking idiot
losing my closest friend.
seeing my teacher's dickpick
making a cop think I was suicidal
complaining about people I've just met to other, again, people I've just met because I thought being 26 and fucking up your life because of your addictions is just an excuse for your laziness
Going to the Bathroom During a Lockdown
breaking a glass table
asking my crush's best friend for nudes.
and watched this brain melting content. CRINGE OVERLOAD!
Having a One Night Stand
sending a dick pic to my female boss trying to get a promotion.
Today I fucked up by eating a pot brownie
trusting my stomach in the shower
mistaking a bit of hair for a spider
and I'll have the cold in mankini
I good poem
By asking my prospective employer about his ‘Big D’
sleeping until 9 pm
leaving my pee-pee papers in the Urination Yurt
TIFI by using a handicap stall and then a handicapped person waited for me to exit.
lethal insulting my mothers indoor plant
singing "other friends" after sex with my girlfriend, and my little sister walked in to join.
thinking a bidet was a sink
shaking my middle aged English teachers hand without her consent
leaving edibles on my mom’s dining room table almost getting my ass beat
ruining my relationship, because I am just purely dumb.
not reading ingredients before putting stuff on my skin
bombing a TV interview and missing out on childhood fame
using a DIY sex toy.
calling for help instead of killing myself
25 and dating an older man...older then my own fokes...
Police or nah
drinking orange juice and shagging your mom.
expieriencing a Stepsister porn scenario
getting a hand cramp while masturbating
accidentally texting my dad instead of my boyfriend about doing drugs
smashing my knee on solid concrete.
Keeping my eyes open
showing my uncle reddit and the subreddits I follow.
not getting a friend a Christmas present who offered to get me one
Causing A Scene At a Gas Station
rushing to finish some homework
realizing that I've been calculating my weight wrong for 3 years
using the wrong word at the wrong time
'losing' my apple pen
sending a pic to the wrong person
not wanting to use the portapotty
using a UV light in my bathroom
How to fight your HOA and Actually win - Part 1
mentioning the word "vaccine" during a job interview.
stealing a package from my new neighbour
marrying the wrong woman
taking a fat urination in my mams hotwater bottle
shitting myself in front of my whole family
attempting a clapping push up with a broken collarbone
hearing bacon margarine instead of baking margarine
getting suspended from PSN for a week two days before the release of Cyberpunk 2077.
putting on underwear covered in red ants.
pretending to be a swinger
being under the influence of (legal) GHB and trying to improve my credit score
lathering up my boyfriend with the wrong kind of lotion.
ACCIDENTALLY making fun of my co-workers family tragedy.
getting high, attaching my glasses to my sweater, then mindlessly looking for them for about 30 min before realizing where they were.
using my real name on reddit
double on a bike ride
reinstalling Windows 10
unintentionally (possibly)killing a seagull...
breaking my left foot into pieces on my 21st bday.
wrapping a rope around my hand and pulverizing my pinky (graphic images)
swearing in an exam
making my 5 year old cousin touch a hot cloth iron
taking a customer's $100 bill, scribbling all over it, and handing it back to him
i watched hentai on holiday
putting rags soaked with butcher block conditioner / oil in my washing machine.
I made a cut on my ball sack
I messed up my decade within an hour
leaving porn on my phone branding myself as a perv in front of my whole family and relatives
realizing the meaning behind my blanket that i slept with for the past few months
asking a r/pan streamer to write the word bruh
laughing so hard I got a concussion
laughing on my professor's face
leaving my mic unmuted on a conference call.
staying as long as I did
clipping my toddlers toenails
By accidentally coming out.....
getting frisky with my SO and stubbing my toe off the door going to a website at work that had a trojan (Blog URL in the Source Code Files of mimikatz)
drunkenly revealing all my darkest secrets to someone I had a crush on
TDIF by trying to rescue a poor lost kitten I found on my back porch.
giving info to LifeLock
passing more than gas in a preschool
inadvertently showing my boyfriend a Facebook photo of his ex I had saved on my phone
becoming the entire audience to my friends entire YouTube channel
burning all the skin on my face
¨convincing¨ my teachers and my parents that I had Covid-19
farting in the elevator thinking there was no one at work.
lurking at r/nosleep at night
not using incognito mode to search for car insurance.
scaring mother shitless in the middle of the night
Ordering 2 Takeaways.
giving reddit access to my location to tell me what people around me are upvoting
shaving my pubes before a date.
accidently deleting my nuclear reactor
basically farting on the CEOs wife
questioning Alicia Keyes' choice of musical number
giving myself blisters
accidentally calling my professor Mom
posting my dad's picture with David Bowie
SUPER BADLY
broadcasting my live toilet time during a webinar
telling my friend my crush
accidentally pushing the wrong button on a nsfw site
journaling all my feelings into a text chat, and SEBDING THE F*ING MESSAGE
drinking my own puke...
severely underestimating how hard my second Covid vaccine would affect me.
dropping a hot iron on my leg and giving myself a second degree burn
neglecting a coolant leak on my car
23M] this morning by finding out through a Reddit comic that I'm colourblind
winning a hot dog eating contest
nearly gassing myself, my fiancé and neighbors to death.
burning a poster
almost making me and my gf lose our intercontinental flight
getting frustrated and making my Son think my wife and I were dying.
saying my husband that I don't like his sister
trying to install a Linux OS
having my mom clean my cum off my bedroom walls.
having the fire brigade call my house because I was trying to prank my mum and sister...
buying a gift under the "dollar limit" at Secret Santa
insulting my boss in a group chat she was in
paying for a sex simulator
getting caught in the act by strangers
saying "goodbye Mum" while kissing my boyfriend.
Was told to post here from r/teenagers. everyone saw me jerk off dick and all in online class
Getting Caught Masturbating on Facetime
not knowing the extent of what iCloud would do
poisoning my family with green potatoes
showing my mom my tattoos
not realizing that my work had a mandatory meeting the day after my vacation ended.
showing my mom a meme
jacking off outdoors
Failed a test that I had answers too
I thought George Floyd was Stephen Jackson
accidentally revealing to my litter brother our grandad had cancer.
insulting my mother in-law in front of my father in-law when my husband accidentally dialed her on speaker phone
walking in front of my boyfriends twitch stream butt naked
when I crop duster an entire line of people
breaking the toilet lid
shaving my balls for a “girl”
confirming a job interview.
taking pre-workout before swimming
ordering eco-friendly local mulch
airing out my balls
wiping my backside with an old piece of carpet
masturbating at 1 am
pissing off my sister
calling 911 on accident
I made my kid's elementary school teacher cry uncontrollably
not telling my Dad the answer to a question.
My grandpa died of covid-19
Told my very religious aunt that I don’t believe in hell
telling my business partner I wanted to make out with him
taking off all the strings on my guitar
accepting to a stranger DM request
not bringing a second pair of shoes for a field trip
forgetting I had tea with caffine
telling a Dark Joke about cancer that I now know I shouldn’t have said
saying “are you deaf!?” As an insult next to a deaf kid.
handling ghost peppers...
almost blowing myself up and burning my house down in a trash fire
gossiping about my middle school teacher
sticking my naked penis I to a fan... Yes... You read that right
giving a guy confidence issues
burning my whole lower lip
jamming a splinter under my thumbnail
sending indecent photos to my boyfriend
Caught watching porn
running a script that will (probably?) fry our corporate database.
not telling the guy at the counter to not add ketchup my fries
showing my brother my Amazon search history
getting toilet paper
eating edible chocolate on New Years Eve
going to Tiger King Zoo with FL Plates
having a huge brain fart during a maths exam.
asking Reddit for teaching advice
telling by girlfriend the actual reason why sheep have a color dye on their back.
using my bathroom at 3 am and overhearing on some action
accidentally calling my crush on Zoom.
doing le sexy sexx sexx during the sexxing of my sexy girlfriend while sexxing sexily.
I put my finger in to a Human Poo.
unknowingly getting scratched by an unexploded artillery shell
drinking a lovely cup of coffee that my boyfriend got me from a coffee shop, shitting my pants, and being awake for way too many hours.
getting wayy too high
Going Outside
Ate chocolate, blamed the dog.
Using the bathroom at church
Shitting my Pants
going for a walk in the countryside with my boss
using my laptop on my new chair and my phone late at night
getting drunk with my airpods in
not emptying out the fridge in a timely manner.
telling a guy to put his mask on
opening a porn video while on a Teams call at work
telling off my bf's roommate then leaving
making a grown man cry at work.
farting in my facemask.
I got black out drunk with my coworker gifting a 23andMe kit
using a Jack and not Jack stands
unwittingly becoming the subject of a $5,600 painting in my town's city hall
whispering WAY too loud about my professor.
being nice to a guy, leading my now fiancé to think I was cheating on him.
spilling month old raccoon pee on myself.
thinking a close friend started using meth
getting pregnant the first time I had sex
MY GIRLFRIEND
having friends help me in online viva
talking shit about my boss
nearly cutting the tip of my finger off
masturbating in the shower and not making sure that every bit of my body fluids were totally cleaned off before the next person jumps in.
drinking from another persons water bottle at the gym
using the restroom for an appropriate length of time
There is no date planned
for using electronics too much
letting my curiosity get me caught up in a gunfight and almost killing me (literally) trying coke with a close friend and my best friend told my parents the next day.
forgetting that the bathroom is currently being painted
sending entire company a yellow pages of porn.
pouring mineral spirits on my arms.
spending 84 bucks on water at a high end restaurant.
assuming I understood my own feelings
overpaying for my data plan for 2 years
generalising about Asians!
using a bio plastic bag
during lunch
rejecting to write an essay.
not using my diaphragm to breathe my entire life
when my boss caught me actively job hunting in my current role
accidentally cutting the power and setting the house alarm off
thinking my friend was copying my accessory.
kicking out my boyfriend
I locked my husband out of the house on the balcony
opening my mouth without thinking
deciding to try laxatives to fix my constipation issue and potentially fucking up my parents old toilets
causing a fireball in my garden and setting fire to my shoe.
asking a YouTuber to name their frog after my favorite singer
looking up nsfw content
scratching an itch and forgetting about it
breaking into a house and almost electrocuting myself
Gn
An interesting title
giving my classmate some candy
on GME
going down on my fiance straight after tasting some spicy Chilli con Carne.
getting down and dirty and then forgetting to finish paying for my groceries
getting cramp in both legs at the same time
seeing a boob
Burning my Genitals with Ghost Pepper oils
breaking a dishwasher
making a cocaine reference in front of my 7 year old
By breaking my head open.
v spreading telling children about Hitler... Sort of...
tearing one of my last contact lenses.
hitting a pedestrian with my car
joking bout snipers to a person that had a family member killed by a irl sniper
burping LOUDLY on my unmuted mic.
giving my friend my XBOX one.
eating in the dark.
saying I don’t know maybe
yesterday by drinking ether
getting seen by my neighbor, me having a fap.
showing a card that I handmade to sell online which says 'sorry...' and my family member mistaking it for a sympathy card
Named my kid Testicles
putting Topo Chico up my ass
LPT:  getting cancelled by my mom
for firing a man for his African American belt.
trying to bake brownies while i was baked
making all my friends think I’m a creep
making my phone a wake up bomb for my household of 4
using a budget yo mama joke on an acquaintance
making my therapist cry
buying a snowglobe
Courtesy u/therealshouvik
teaching a kid sarcasm
cleaning my nether regions with hand soap. NSFW
pointing out a blemish in a girl's makeup
not getting anything for my wife for Mother’s Day.
questioning my mother’s choice of words
and was outsmarted once again(!!!) by a 9+ lbs dog...
Reading at work.
saying to my teacher that I don’t learn anything from him.
holding my boss' hands
taking a leak on a hiking trail.
Getting Banned from TikTok
not confirming my email or remembering my long ass password to my now former reddit account.
shaving my pubic hairs
texting my mom instead of my boyfriend
biking in a flash flood warning
backing into a car from pure idiocy.
breaking my new PC... without even actually trying it
Baby, I’ll never do that!
having lunch during company all hands meeting
By studying two subjects
(NSFW)  not paying attention while masturbating
creating pepper spray and accidentally gassing out my house hold
Taking a Nap
unplugging my headphones for fun
when I opened my phone and forgot I was looking at reddit
not Knowing what Day it is and Missing my Final Exam
for not shitting for a month.
making fun of someone's name.
letting my dog lick her puppy while my other dog was eating.
fucking my best friend
puking in my Friend's fathers car
being a dum dum who can't understand accents
insulting an old acquaintance
learning about AI sex dolls
already regretting of entering in a project group with a friend
taking my dog on a walk.
By typing the wrong phonenumber
not opening a gift for years
laughing at terminally ill children Infront of my girlfriend's mum, who I had just met.
almost killing me and, most importantly, one of my coworkers
New Year’s Eve
Posted PM to Work Group; C-level info plus flirting
mistaking Chicken for Tofu
playing Sentimental Lady on the aux cord for a group of friends who only listen to rap
hitting my funny bone
taking my abusive boyfriend back..
showing my boyfriend my favourite picture of him and learning it wasn’t him after all
Today I fucked up by going to fetch my mom’s Takealot delivery without a phone to communicate with the delivery man and I almost got abducted by 3 men in a car.
not checking my water shoes before storing them
Went through my dad's computer and uhh..
hitting on my ex boss’s boyfriend
telling my crush that I like her
picking through dog puke. . .twice.
my dogs face with zombie flesh
Losing a 394 million dollar lottery ticket.
DataWiping my phone without fully thinking it through
because I Said a fucked up joke in the phone while the assistant principal was right F**CKING THERE
hitting my boyfriend and bruising my knee
paying $35 for the drycleaner to re-wash my t-shirts and put them on hangers.
sleeping through a class
becoming a gay cricket
speaking South African Lingo in Australia
getting a panic attack when I saw three naked chicks
for having sex on my 13th birthday
trying to open a jar of pickles and ended up going to the ER
playing Just Dance 2014 and getting on the bad side of Nicki Minaj
shouting the N word so loud my neighbour heard
I got a Nintendo Switch for my birthday tomorrow. I went ahead and got Breath of the Wild, because I had a $50 Blizzard gift card.
downloading porn
deciding to take nap this afternoon only to wake up to find my puppy chewed both of my hearing aids and broke my glasses
taking instructions too literally and getting locked in a strangers garage
getting caught having sex with my girlfriend’s best friend
making eye contact with a tall, black guy, causing him to scream.
pooping on my iPhone
breaking my feet fingers and not going to the doctor
checking out the road construction
moaning my ex's name in my sleep.
giving myself a pedicure every night
replying to someone I helped
losing a live tick in my bedroom.
Not Research Computer Parts enough
putting Vaseline in my hair, not gel.
starting an argument with my bf because it’s what I do to avoid being emotionally unavailable and now he’s probably going to leave me and my anxiety is through the roof.
I meant to post this a few weeks ago and it got removed for not having a long enough title.  not checking the toothpaste tube before brushing my teeth.
In handcuffs again
missing my own divorce
using Capzasin HP as body lotion
getting splashed with garbage juice then leaving the house on all night.
implying a random persons house was trash
finding out I wasn’t enrolled in a subject course therefore missing a month worth of activities
and got my first speeding ticket
using my deodorant for the last week...
I embarrassed myself in front of my class.
saying 'hard R' in front of a black family.
accidentally mailing my brother's n*des to my college prof.
beating the crap out of my husband for forgetting Valentine's Day
missing the final exam.
being lazy
fangirling to my teacher about old films.
leaving my cum rag on my laptop charger?
telling a lady she cant ride the slide (at a waterpark)
taking my drivers test with my moms car and crashing.
getting drunk and falling down the stairs
joining my parents in the kitchen this Christmas.
telling my one of my family members about my views on the world.
taking my temperature without the protective plastic
accidentally doing the splits in dodgeball
bringing a real life, lost at sea flair to a Photoshoot in China town
blowing up a motorcycle
asking someone who was dressed up who died
Failing A Half Dozen Nursing Students
ruining my first threesome
how owning chickens in rural Honduras led to my eventual arrest in Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt.
making fun of Pete Buttigieg and accidentally creeping on girls in the process.
forgetting to prepare for a presentation
making my first pumpkin pie and now all I can taste when I eat it is clove.
creepily staring at the neighbors children.
accidentally sending a photo of my ginormous poop to my crush.
Wow bride two girl tour in forest shower show waterfall-Primitive Natural life
trying to fix a PS4 that wasn't broken.
calling the gas company because I thought we had a gas leak.
getting back into hobby photography, stealing a spice rack, and getting apprehended by the entire police department of an upstate NY town
barhopping like a 21 year old one summer evening
leaving oil heating up on a frying pan for too long it burst on fire
saying a NSFW joke to my boss
calling AT&amp;T to upgrade
being a selfish jerk for 8 years, and taking my wife to dinner.
removing the last jackstand holding the car up without checking to see if anything else was supporting it
not realizing I’d been saving things to my university cloud account and losing 4 years of documents
putting a note on a girls windshield.
fucking my dvd
I gave my food to my dog and my teeth pains now.
screaming during sex
letting a cicada walk across my foot
I sent in an anonymous question to a talk show on twitter and realized I was being an asshole (x-post from r/OffMyChestMen)
Busting my Ass on the Concrete at Work
opening the refrigerator
lying to my boss telling my wife I learned massage from my mom
drinking collected spit and mucus
scratching my balls during a presentation in class
A teacher put my kid in the car, with a gun in his car seat.
trying to be helpful
underestimating Taiwan mosquitos
I was the only person out of 120 coworkers to dress up for halloween!
Being Horny To Help
Poisoning My Office Bathroom... And Then The Rest Of The Office.
taking NyQuil when I thought it was DayQuil
telling a 911 caller that his sexual aggression is not serious.
offering advice to help a friend moderate his alcohol intake
thinking my sister in law was my wife
stalking someone so much that their friends appear in my dreams
cooking with my girlfriend and burning my dick!
buying a car I regret because it was cheaper than the car i really wanted
not realizing deleting photos on one device deletes photos on all devices
eating avocado toast
not switching to recordings to play in camera, during online school class thinking people are seeing recording of me attending class, but they were seeing me naked.
leaving a note inside a present except I managed to FU that.
leaving my chrome book open.
Going on A Date After Months W/O Socializing or Drinking
doing way more push ups than my body can handle
troubleshooting the Xfinity box in the living room.
not looking in the most obvious place...
cumming into my mask
forgetting where I lived
leaving my husband laying in the street
interrupting the teacher during zoom class
taking a $1,000 payment at work and forgetting to put it in the safe. I won’t know if the money is still on my desk until tomorrow and I am freaking the fuck out.
not plugging in my headphones correctly
Today I told my MIL her eldery mother was going to fine when she was dead.
moving to a small apartment
It's 6 in the morning and I still didn't sleep a second. I am 11,and I am afraid of what is going to happen to me
destroying a door at school.
bitching about my colleagues and my professor on an online class.
making my friends think I committed suicide.
wearing headphones at my desk while sexting
asking a man missing a hand if he needed a hand
being shamefully racist
slipping a vertebra trying to look thicc
Petition for this sub to be renamed to ODIFU (One Day I Fucked Up)
not getting some cigarettes when I'm home alone
cumming in my neighbor's clothes by having wet dreams about my crush while sleeping alongside her brother inside his parents house
thinking for years that the word fuck meant something... different
petting a cat, which nearly led to me being detained in Fiji
buying some books written by a random guy
getting a new job.
Read a Senior Citizen Fifty Shades of Grey Without Realizing what it was about...
giving my neighbour the impression I'm dating someone and that I'm abusive
telling a woman not to curse in the middle of a store
uncontrollably laughing when my wife asked me how she looked
tasting motorcycle oil
leaving my job, and ruining my life
Smoking a joint outside my house, getting caught, and left with poopy pants.
playing wiht my sister
leaving my panties in the dryer
running down the stairs in a hurry
not wiping my feet.
Keeping my previous employer as a reference
Bitch Side Is Open
leaving Alexa connected to my iPad
going to Subway and asking for a specific type of cheese
getting my mom a Christmas gift.
eating my shit instead of chocolate..
telling my teacher she is a looser in online class
sexting with fy gf on a familys ipdad
peeing in a cup than having to force myself to drink all of it in front of my girlfriend who also drank it.
forgetting to close my discord before screen sharing to my professor and peers...
r/ leaving pornhub open on my laptop and forgetting.
letting my kids watch Community
Grandma with a black light...
screenshoted nudes from a guy
Absolute fucking rip
calling my brother a "mean name"
letting my gf cut my hair on a hot day.
talking politics with crush
ALMOST ENDING MYSELF AND SETTING MY HOUSE ON FIREE
EARN FREE MONEY
trying to fix my sleep schedule
My friend asked his crush's best friend for nudes.
thinking I was called by a scammer
Ifumyfws
trying to haze our fraternity pledges with the children’s song, “Bananaphone”
talking baby speak to my work colleague in hospital
assbleeding on my boyfriend
Today I fucked up by abducting a baby
Today I fucked up by losing my cat on the side of the highway in Kentucky.
asking the girl that I am talking to what she named her new pupper.
saying I don’t know
EATING A DOG TREAT!!!!!!!!
calling a grocery store employee fat
my a compliment to a girl
saving a tortoise
drinking a Spike.
getting a Russian tattoo..
completely missing my cake day
making a ham and egg sandwich
accidentally sending my dad hentai and not realizing it.
losing my job, getting stranded on an island, and getting my friend deported
entering the bathroom
disposing of cucumbers my mother left aside for seeds
visiting my old high school
leaving oven gas on and blowing up a trailer
drunk cooking at 1am
not knowing what 'Netflix and Chill' means
telling the CEO of the company “You can’t be here and need to leave”
taking my final exam.
turning in my obviously copy pasted assignment.
yee
telling a lady she’s going to have a cancer baby.
asking a question in a quiz...
giving a good review about a laptop
caring about everyone and talking about it at the wrong time
cussing like a sailor
joked my family i almost got pregnant when i was younger
giving my self a 3rd degree burn
pointing something out to a colleague
almost lighting myself on fire
posting a drawing of my pandemic art to Facebook causing a falling out with my siblings
flooding my bathroom
Facebook/Reddit Alternative
telling what I actually think about my co workers age.
shit my pants almost unknowingly
gassing my wife in chlorine-urine gas
playing organ and almost ruining my brand new computer
squeaking my puppy’s favorite toy
thanking the waitress in Japanese in a homely sushi restaurant (that I frequent)
entering an elevator where a couple of covid patients just took earlier in the same day due to not charging my phone and ended up missing an important message
adding WAY too much hot sauce on my noodles
sending an extremely braggy text to the wrong group on whatsapp
forgetting to disable TTS in Discord
really exploring the darkweb
Initiating a Reactor Meltdown in Among Us
forgetting my email
trying to install Red Dead Redemption on my PC and possibly getting my dad fired.
having sex in a car
being unable to tell a casserole dish from a Dutch oven
getting the shits in a hostel without a bathroom in the room.
looking incredibly sus at a 7-11
opening what I thought was my fiancé’s Christmas present
mistaking PT for TP
losing myself
showing my girlfriend my multi colored dick
trying to be a good son.
filling for unemployment with an active VPN
becoming a chemically engineered sex god
posting an article about women on r/TIL
I fucked up in my relationship
questioning my brother
not letting my grandmother know that I loved her
I opened a new checking account and didn't tell my wife
pissing, shitting, and cumming on a house beetle
giving myself a pimple facial NSFW
having a burning piano fall on top of me
using voice modulation software.
Not reading through my answers twice.
bricking my iPad twice.
wrongly confessing to abusing prescription drugs.
having le epic sexy time
Being Constipated After Surgery
having a threesome and spiraling back into depression
I'm sleeping on the living-room couch because a server is squatting in my bedroom.
vaporizing cleaning solution while making dinner
LPT:  missing my flight to my wedding
falling into a common dating app scam
thinking my neighbor was a solicitor
waiting for a client on a call with my colleague and some people from a communication agency and I told everybody my opinion about them. Everybody was listening, including a new client.
I cant stop seeing I cant stop seeing them AMA
creating a bathroom tornado in my basement
thinking it was a good idea to cook while being exhausted
bringing hentai to school
There is no fixing things now. 😢
Rick rolling my entire class, not once, but TWICE.
asking a bunch of middle school kids how I can get my ass fucked at League of Legends
Taking too many Whippets
spending all my money and escaping a brothel
masturbating in public
Told my ex the truth
saying something sexual in front of my whole family in the wrong context
telling a girl that was flirting with me that her feet must smell like raw hamburger
studying for my AP test
almost killing me and my dad
accidentally propositioning a friend to a threesome
reporting a Muslim man on a plane
i ruined 4 year friend ship cuz i was beat niceguy
leaving a window open in the loft.
I failed a test three times in a row.
Sister drank her coke or was it something else
catastrophically failing at answering phone call and confusing the hell out of a caller before hanging up in blind panic - all because of the silliest meme.
bringing weed into the airport
drinking too much tea and causing a flash flood
Hii iam a mew youtuber and iam uploading new videos every day but unfortunately iam not seeing any growth on it....someone please help me amd tell me what changes should i made on them or where to promote my channel
I'm a stupid guy and at school that time everyone looked at me like that, also this happened a few years ago
cooking with cigarette butts
locking myself in my apartment
when my girlfriend vomited mid BJ
texting my cock to my mom
signing “rock on” to my friend during his speech at our program’s closing ceremony
TIFU_by_asking_out_a_girl
Watching Gremlins with My Kids
not muting myself on a uni call
going to a Kink Party
using flour tortillas to wipe my ass. NSFW.
pranking my GF
belittling a spam caller who wasn't a spam caller
getting a treble hook stuck in my neck
not knowing how much to tip a tour guide
forgetting the Valentine’s Day gifts my gf gave me at her house
Help!
Today I fucked Up by calling my gf on discord
Waxing Half My Eyebrow Off
scaring my neighbor and getting shot with a BB gun.
poisoning myself with CO2 and causing my neighbors to freak out
drawing a swastika
repeating the word “juicy” at school resulting in me losing all my friends
looking at the tinder subreddit
looking at an (semi) uncensored Discord meme channel
smashing my phone in the desk
being someone’s fake friend for over a year in highschool and finally telling them about it so I could finally be honest. I think I ruined their life just now.
locking my crush from another town outside her apartment.
shitting my girlfriend's bed
screaming like a little girl
sneezing so hard I pulled a muscle in my throat.
giving a random person a 9 Billion dollar library fine
lying about my drug habits to my awesome GF
giving myself an (explicit)
posting about my attraction to my cousin during Christmas.
Buy getting stung in the face
playing hide and seek while on adderall
For moving my head away in disgust making my wife think I didn't like her company
Accidentally closed all the 500 tabs I kept for later reading
sharing my screen during a meeting while stalking the other person on Facebook
reporting my symptoms to my workplace
washing my only car key and costing myself $300
Not Learning From Another Redditor
not checking the expiration date
peeing at the airport
liking a picture on my ex’s Instagram form 78 weeks ago.
making a person I used to be friends with believe I beat his cats
meeting an escort
replacing the hotel card with a random card
sending a 3am, eight paragraph email to a student's parent about the horrors and difficulties we will succomb to as a species if "virtual, remote learning" becomes the norm. This was in reply to " won't be in virtual class today".
hitting a can of spray paint with a hammer in front of my brother first-time poster
not knowing how to uninstall
using bleach as lube
Watching porn (NSFW)
rearranging my room
Today I messed up by playing basketball
sending my brother a picture of my boobs
not listing in class
I made fun of the Catholic Church in front of a catholic
having a party at my house
sneaking a viagra for funsies.
letting Shrek bend me over and do the sex to me at my grandmas funeral
hatching a nest of BLACK WIDOWS in my bedroom
well crap trying to create an important account with an invalid email
sending an explicit text to the wrong person and losing my job, all in one night (NSFW)
giving myself a first degree burn on my finger
destroying a bottle of whiskey
When Scratching My Balls
donating a rare action figure
going to my mom's funeral
Just a minor fuckup
making a guy suicidal
finding my grandmas dildo
* PLAYING CARDS*
getting a laceration by my asshole
pressing F.
giving my mom the silent treatment
High
showing 14 year old nephew my top-naked girlfriend, and then he showed it to my mom
texting my ex that he looked hot at two in the morning.
saying "Happy Chinese New Year" to a Vietnamese girl
drinking wallpaper remover
IFU by crashing my car for some cookies
getting conditioner out of my car
saying how beautiful my daughter is
cleaning my gaming PC.
relentlessly cleaning my glasses because they seemed blurry, only to realise I had my contact lenses in.
Sent nudes to my friend on accident
cooking noodles at 3 am..
waiting 2 years to post my “shower thoughts” on Reddit.
not going for a 10 in my doctor's 1-10 pain scale
driving without a dashcam...seriously, DON'T
having sexy sexy sex
pulling a Joe Mama on a friend who just lost her date in Afghanistan.
and used soap for lube
telling my wife that she stinks
making my one-night stand breakfast.
using Reddit at school.
cheating on my PSAT too much
turning into a caramel latte fountain in the car
accidentally sending a NSFW photo to the wrong person
accidentally telling my sister I hate her
telling the guy (25M) I’m seeing that I (24F) want to see just him
loving horror stories.
Fake heart attack.
using a full bottle of Astroglide
giving my friend a ak 47
big time because I wanted to surprise my brother but instead burned through half of his bank account
trying to make a sweet wee girl smile
being late on a first date
my balls.
turning in a final paper with "self-inspiring" comments still attached
My friend fucked up
forgetting my sweatpants pockets are terrible (NSFWish)
telling girlfriend a sex story on reddit
laughing hysterically in front of my mom
eating an entire tub of spicy hummus and getting hot snakes
getting in a Facebook argument with the wrong person
dragging literal Sh*t through my work
taking my laptop into the bathroom during a zoom class.
Accidentally making a Holocaust Joke
making my friend superior to me
telling a story in the library
swatting a fly that landed on my face
my whole life!
telling my partner I'd thought about having a baby with their brother
left my lighter
মৃত্যুর আগে এন্ড্রু কিশোর কেন গিয়েছিলেন রাজশাহীতে #AndrewKishore #এন্ড্র...
putting cumin in my coffee
shoving a toothbrush up my vagina.
deleting an entire TDA
incorrectly using mouthwash causing me to lose the ability to taste sweetness
My teacher saw po*n pics on my phone
cleaning my bathroom
drinking way too much
sticking up for a gay friend of mine and consequently getting the crap beat out of me and hospitalized
My friend got mad at me for a nickname i gave her in the bowling alley
using my laptop after spilling milk on my in it
missing a final exam.
leaving my bike wheel in parking lot...Far Away
When packing &amp; preparing to move away for work I realised ive been in love with my best friend and theres nothing i can do
forgetting how to make mac and cheese and disappointing my mom
being a shortcut ninja trying to save 3 seconds of my time
using new body wash
dropping my house keys in the garage drop box
reuniting with an ex gf I met on Yahoo IM
telling my teacher I "pissed out my ass" in the toilet.
on the supermarket
signing into my Spotify at work
not leaving my room.
buying my Instagram crush a plant
opening the door for the delivery guy
going to a party with a new “friend”
driving a stolen vehicle for the passed 3 years
chasing my family friend's dog
giving my boyfriend a blowjob after eating
pulling forward
not knowing I was driving without insurance for 5 months and now have my license suspended for 3 months
making face masks with fabric that already looks infected...
not knowing what CBT stands for
gaming for a couple of hours
handing in extra work for school and causing my teachers to think I am s*cidal.
letting someone else take my seat on the bus
using safety gloves at work
testing earbuds and almost went to jail for it
dropping my Thanksgiving Turkey on the floor after it finished baking.
peeing my pants while doing electrical work
Please help me
trying to change the shower curtain liner
asking why the moon was in the sky
Sleeping Through An Alarm and Being Late/Fired At Work.
losing my mobile phone
letting Mario teach my son about martyrdom
inhaling an anchovy..
Today I fucked up by assuming my classmate were having personal problems and I sent her a long text basically talking about her and how she should value happiness over grades. I was wrong.
sending my mom a nude photo of a stranger
Adnan Oktar'ın Sohbet Programı 7 Mayıs 2017
fist fighting someone with braces
singing while watering my plants
masturbating at 1 o’clock in the morning
Today My Little Sister Went DUMPSTER DIVING
kissing a friend.
I Yelled at my mom.
my parents finding out I dropped out of university
telling a health care company I like their game Battlefield.
Having Sex With a Friend's Wife
constantly shouting rape in a foreign country
locking myself out of the hotel at 03:00am
posting on a subreddit and got banned for it.
By almost destroying the bathroom (reposting this because last time I forgot to include the TL;DR)
trying to de-ice my windscreen with water
wasting another person's 6 months of their life
spraying myself in the face with petrol when filling up for the first time
invitng a tinder date to my place.
treating my brother's friend like a piece of shit for years on end without reason
playing Animal Crossing infront of my GF
leaving gfuel powder on my dresser
Today I fucked up cuz I called a girl "dude"
getting caught butt-naked by her grandmother
leaving the comments on when submitting my master's thesis
snap chatting someone that I thought was my son, but wasn’t.
Giong to a small festival/brotherhood
smashing a chair into my wc door
buying bootleg anime figures
melting a premade pizza
not telling my dad I'm at home
not taking the drugs which made me blow my butthole out.
forgetting to check bags at work
biting my boyfriend’s back
playing hide and seek at night.
calling my boss hot
r/ not checking my paycheck for 2 years and missing out on $16k
asking a serious question on a subreddit
decided to try something new and enjoy nature
summoning bloody mary
trusting my gut
drooling on my sister
accidentally making my coworkers think I have the corona virus
RR Racing Air/Oil Separator
comparing my wife with a prostitute.
trying to get rid of my pain and making things far, far worse
TIDY by having an intervention/talk with my alcoholic dad, ended up with him getting drunk off his ass
listening to the same soundtrack for 10 hours straight funding a COVID party for 60 over 60's
Wow. I really F.U
If you had to chose one what would it be.
greeting a friend at the library
not throwing the damn condom out right away
kneeing my gf in her face and giving her a black eye hours before proposing
mistaking the deadline to unsubscribe from a free trial
I put 70+ liters of petrol in my ute.
Money shotting my own face
locking myself out of my car and my flat during a first meeting with a client
Rolled up my ankle length pajama pants to wear under my knee length school skirt
letting my morning grumpy ass send emails...
sending a "inapropriate" link on my online class.
not updating my computer
getting locked out of my house at 3am
trying to help a stranger move their new table
trying to stop the toilet seat falling down
updating my phone to iOS 14
telling fiancé while her tits were out, “I like the way you look, I guarantee it” in the voice of the Mens Warehouse guy.
drinking coffee at my girlfriend's
ON A RUSSIAN WEBSITE
getting high AF off tobacco
not paying attention to my surroundings
not hiding the condoms in my room well enough
not closing the dang door.
not realizing I had an opportunity to see my best friend again after not being able to see her for a few months
looking for fun trade nudes kik@ MeRoxy20
calling a customer a "gay b*tch"
getting my Kazoo stuck in my pocket and looking like I was beating my meat in front of over 600 people.
giving my colleague a nervous breakdown by predicting the future
mercilessly destroying an elderly woman in ping pong
potentially sending my class officer group chat a porn hub video
Nearly Burning My Parents House Down While Making Yorkshire Puddings
Let me transfer you...
breaking my favorite Christmas ornament saying 4 words
flashing some people in my school band
paying my taxes twice.
Smoking Weed right before my dad called and now he thinks I have Coronavirus
Telling my coworker she is lazy
forgetting to mute my mic when I went to the toilet
accidentally getting really high at work
watching Impractical Jokers with a full bladder
I HAD SEX
Possible police sting?
insulting the father of a man who gave me a ride
erasing my mother’s whole phone.
buying sweet tea with my breakfast
exposing my bare ass to my mom's coworkers
(NSFW)  leaving Granny Porn open on my computer.
not knowing how to take a left turn
clicking on random links
falling asleep at the nail salon
proposing to my 66 year old girlfriend.
not kissing my crush in truth or dare.
masturbating too hard to hentai
fingerraping the girl I liked at her birthday party.
mixing weed and wine on a really hot first date
making my grandma spend $100 on pizza
flying Spirit Airlines
giving a cute girl my number
fell asleep with cock ring
"breaking" my knees.
making a joke about my math teacher
rematching with someone I'd hooked up with, not recognizing them, and asking them out again
getting too excited over my novelty account
All Hail Dylann Roof The Nigger Slayer
wielding the Cumbook for too long a time
my first month of high school
gluing my asshole shut
checking out a subreddit
driving my mom to chemo and making her think I listen to British audio-porn
locking my keys in my car during a date
making a Karen meme sleeping on my side
Stayed awake all night and missed my interview.
created a fake school note
mocking my neighbor with a shirt going ice skating
exposing my 2 gfs to each other
ignoring a research paper assignment for my portfolio to be applied for studying abroad for 3 months.
unknowingly suggesting my friend (F) to apply intimate cream.
putting the wrong address on a sensitive package
staying up late and developing arachnophobia
posting a meme that had a friends face in it.
accidentally flashing an old lady at a charity shop
having my period in a client’s home
trying to show up to my online class
and got swindled by my husband.
accidentally hitting on a cute nurse
I kept procrastinating at work and on Monday or Tuesday they expect it to be completed and I’ve done close to nothing.
killing a bug
having to pee
offending a friend on Reddit
not realizing I have migraines
showing my parents porn
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF HER?
ignoring basic rental maintenence
having hot sexy sex. Sex with my wife (sexy) and mild inconvenience happened (NSFW)
giving myself PTSD on a ski lift.
Although not today, I fucked up a month ago.
(NSFW)  getting caught by the dishwasher repairman.
defeating my niece
for shopping for furniture at work.
just by sending a Christmas card
vomiting on my boss
"Summoning Demons" at school
following a girl
Ordering my wedding dress
not paying enough attention when putting coke cans in the fridge
swearing at a manager from a different country
risking it all and ending up homeless with my girlfriend
teaching my 1 year old to throw stuff in the trash.
Update:  hiding the receipt to the engagement ring
convincing my friend to put a marble up his bum
Almost Sending my Friend to Heaven
ruining a moment of silence honoring something’s death by farting.
me and my sister being hungry and dumba**es
mentioning the forskin my boyfriend doesn’t have
trying to gate crash a party I said I wasn't going to
Eating a gas station sandwich before an exam.
rushing to stretch a shrunken fitted sheet over a propped up toddler mattress
walking on crumbly pavement
wearing slightly tight pants
trying to ladyscape for the new boyfriend
jokingly telling my brother that I had sex with a cat. He said to his mom that he wants to have sex with me, him, and the cat. So I'm in deep shit.
ordering pizza and giving a $10 tip.
didn't tell my parents about my GF
telling my husband of 9 years his parents can get f**ked.
Redditing too much.
not knowing how to talk to a woman.
posting a public Snapchat story of my cousins petting my dead hamster.
Exploding 25lbs of Rotting Gelatine All Over My Garage
forgetting my sisters stuffed crocodile in my car and sun bleaching it
asking if my Bf's autistic sister was 'half' a person
cumming on my girlfriends sisters favorite pair of shoes.
getting my headphones stuck in the toilet.
revealing family "secrets" to my cousins
not knowing how to talk to strangers
not feeding my cat
being sexually curious with my cousin.
texting my whole staff about how unfair my boss is...and included my boss
asking my girlfriend's dad sexual questions about his daughter and getting kicked out of the house
replying thank you to a burger order
making my video client’s wife throw up
telling my child to beat up the neighbour's cat
getting blocked on Facebook by first love of my life
inviting my aunt to IKEA
for being a simp
Trying to Hide My Phone
clicking a video my father's friend sent my mother.
using cum garlic to make dinner
sending my boss a sexy pic, then outing myself as gay
grabbing a cat turd mistaking it for peanut butter
sending a cursed video to the wrong person
Drinking Water too Fast
eating a PAQUI spicy chip at work.... and breaking my back
accidentally asking my doctor about his pubes
being in pain for two years for no good reason
not pressing mute while on FaceTime
calling a customer his office nickname.
posting a photos of my 8yo online
auditioning for a play
shaving my sister's back
People Reveal secrets they shared anonymously🕶
feeding my snake improperly
ruining a Widows day
looking for an old reddit post
having an eating disorder
telling a black boss they were suffering from "The Itis"
DID YOU KNOW DU MA MEANS MOTHERFUCKER IN VIETNAMESE?
eating a whole large can of sardines right before bed
Proudly displayed my scrotum for my mother
my sister walking on me fapping
That time I lost my Driver's License at a convention
giving my friend a misspelled tattoo
moisturising before a job interview
shitting in my backyard while escaping (a perfectly avoidable) death
being on Reddit all the time
Hello everyone !! Can you all support my small youtube channel, please? How to use "study with me" videos? Every once in a while glance over at the video and see how concentrated the other person is with their studying and it would motivate me to stay focused too :)
eating clam chowder and drinking RedBull
falling asleep during a Zoom class
when I called my DM at 10pm while wiping my dog’s ass.
making everyone think I wanted to give my classmate a BJ
asking my neighbor to come watch me masturbate.
putting tapestry on my ceiling
trying to assert my dominance but ended up farting Infront of the girl I like.
pretending to be my boss
snagging my messed-up big toenail on the bottom of my other foot
jogging in the shower for 20 minutes
thinking "dipshit" wasn't a swear word.
not following my own advice
rolling a fake joint
accidentally telling my long term GF we have problems
saying something I should not of said
dating a married woman...
wearing an "offensive" halloween costume.
accidentally sending dick pics to my friends.
picking at my pubes
playing "Hide the thing" with my daughter
having a quickie before my friend came over.
buying a Nintendo Switch for my brother's birthday
playing never have i ever with the next door neighbours.
taking ecstasy
being sarcastic in a professional group chat
Fucked up and sent porn to my boss :/
looking at my boyfriend's brother's crotch.
leaving money in my pencil case.
The day I fucked up and could’ve died because of my stupidity.
showing my breast to the librarian (M60)
making a bobblehead turn its head
sending my best friend a sext while he was having a breakdown.
accidentally shooting my television by accident
playing with physics and creating a hose stream in the middle of the break room.
reading a hentai manga and now I can't sleep
finding an interview question hilarious and laughing about it nonstop
watching Toy Story 4 (contains movie spoilers)
accidentally offending a YouTuber I adore because I wrote an unfunny joke comment
hitting on a co-worker and getting rejected because I was too high.
actually thinking this sub had good moderators
trying to go to the pharmacy after dinner
when i was riding a quad
watching anime on my computer
Fraudulent defecation.
thrusting a little too hard during sex
shouting at my lover's Beanstalk (NSFW)
Beat off for 10 minutes unbeknownst to the fact my sister was right in front of me.
using hot serrano peppers in my eggs
smoking a cigarette on the way to my first day of work.
replying to my counselors email
showing memes to my crush
letting my boyfriend’s 10 year old check what games I had on my phone and the one she clicked on was ‘We-Connect’
thinking that me and my girlfriend got head lices after taking a bath together
doing chores like crazy and going shopping
I perfumed my asshole and rang on peoples doors
I gave my friend a condom that my other friend gave me
I let really good friend slip away
buying a cheap notebook that made me look suicidal
breaking up with my gf in my sleep
facetiming my crush on snapchat
taking CBD gummies before a tattoo appointment
Corrupting My friends world that we have spent Months on.
using a cutting board thinking it was clean
Today I fucked up while in the bath
finding my birthday presents early
not waking up on time, BUT did my project while asleep.
telling my teacher he marked my test wrong
for kicking a heavy rubber ball into my brothers balls
The mayonnaise incident
making my loving dad look like a child abuser
not having the plunger at the bottom of my inverted aeropress when brewing coffee
looking up my date's info using a software that I've been creating
being left alone in a concert.
holding on a stranger's arm in a supermarket and telling him "I love apple juice"
trying a condom that was too big for me
messing with my dog until he bit the crap out of me. And I got a picture.
leaving a bucket of bleach on the floor which my cat jumped into
accidentally running from the police.
pissing on my boyfriend’s face
accidentally winning the spelling bee
warning up my ring with a lighter
Texted my Dad a movie quote and made him think I was leaving the country
not using the full game name: 'Ring Fit Adventure'
having a bath and letting the cats in
rubbing my Mother-in-Laws thigh.
thinking I won a prize at Starbucks
flushing my kidneys
Unfortunate Mask Fail
using my christmas present to much
because I accidentally turned my friend into a furry.
eating to much cabbage
cutting open a pepper
having a vagina.
leaving account with no password on for months
almost dying in my sleep
My teacher asked to smash.
hooking with a girl’s mom who I previously hooked up with.
making fun of a veteran’s PTSD
slicing my clit while shaving in the shower.
TIFUpdate by cleaning my ear with a Q-tip
disputing contractors charge with my credit card due to poor quality, now my gf and I are paranoid they'll retaliate
drinking apple juice.
accidentally wearing white supremacist symbolism for weeks
dreaming I was chewing gum, but it was really my earplugs.
for using Reddit with my sister beside
spending my time writing out a lengthy post and seeing it deleted for reasons that don't apply.
letting my mom see a lewd photo of me.
finding a huge f**k up by Forbes
trying to get out of a bad date and made it worse
peeing in a bottle.
being overconfident in my backing up driving skills
almost causing an accident
cleaning dust out of my computer tower.
violently ejaculating all over an innocent old lady
saying I had AIDS in front of my teacher
sending my wife + mother in law a picture of a random woman showing her boob
not realizing that zoom doesn't mirror your video on other people's screens
accidentally turning on my face cam while streaming on discord
walking home
telling a girl I'm interested in I saw a kid with a gun in his backpack to start a conversation
crashing my car.
Eating Not 1 But 2 Hot Dogs (Wieners).
breaking my stores big window trying to kill a bee
I tried getting freaky with an egg.
telling my 12yr old cousin that he was adopted
introducing my brother to 80s cult classics and one hit wonders and laughing about it
getting red Thai pepper in my eye
making the federal government think I was dead.
sending a meme to my family group chat implying that I'm a massive wanker.
clipping my nails
wanking in online classes
sending a dick pic to 5 of my closest friends
answering the door as a ketchup soaked minion. (It was not ketchup)
misconfiguring my weight loss app and eating for two instead of loosing weight.
not getting a banjo
accidentally huffing glue
helping my child practice karate
being an accidental racist to an intern at the company I manage...
deciding to get out of my comfort-zone.
Aren’t all these “ giving x to a homeless man” breaking rule 5?
Giving Away Shit My Wife Had Posted For Sale
not checking my dash cam footage sooner
Weird Hookup
I Sent 400$ of tech to the WRONG PERSON
and ended up getting the HPV vaccination
leaving nudes on a borrowed tablet
promising Reddit $0.50 per view on my stream :(
using small earbuds on earphones
falling off a ladder
agreeing to bunk hammocks with my friend while in the rainforrest
hocking a loogie and sending it flying but forgot I was wearing a face mask
The fastest browser without tracking and free
With a Golf Ball
META: Can we stop having Tl;dr that just repeat what is said in the title and force you to read the whole post?
I got caught red handed
overestimating how attractive I am
lending my husband's hairbrush to get ready for Christmas
MmmmMm
using my mobile as a flashlight... just happened
relapsing my cannabis addiction and making a domino effect..
playing hide the pickle and having my friend searched by TSA.
going to a sketchy party (my first) and possibly risking my life
sleeping at 0235
wearing my see through pants in yoga class without underwear
accidentally taking my Ritalin instead of my Valium at 1am
forgetting that I need to take a drug test for my dream job.
trying to helping a drunk giant
telling my wife about the Jedi Order
asking a Japanese celebrity for his autograph
shitting myself during my first day at school :))))))
cooking eggs for my Dogs
My boyfriends boned (nsfw)
SLAY ALL NIGGERS SLAY ALL NIGGERS SLAY ALL NIGGERS
Laughing at a Complement
hooking up with a girl i just met
showing p to scammer online
Tried to shoot a chipmunk on the porch. Missed and took out the patio glass instead.
trying to heat my home
How I broke my first bone.
being petty to my grieving customer.
Sent multiple jokes about someone to them on accident
slicing part of my finger off
laying down in my own urine
Cracking eggs is hard
Fearful thinking
havings uper sex because i have infinite sex as i am a masterd of sex thanks to r/relationship advise unlike you, pathetic incel 😎 still kimda bad fuckup doe paying child suport but I was rated NTA .
falling asleep and getting security involved
assuming my partner (25M) could handle me (26F) maintaining a friendship w/ my former S.O.
preheating oil, forgetting it and nearly setting my house on fire, along with nearly killing my family
YIFU by Waving Panties at My Brother's Girlfriend
going from one broken rib to 3 within 72 hours.
stealing candy from a youth gang prevention charity
accidentaly bringing up the gas chambers
telling my crush I liked her.
wrecking American democracy.
reading a post in reddit of a woman who is having an affair for 18 years
making my friend think my Mum raped me
dressing myself
getting out of bed too fast
shipping glass and not wrapping it
letting my house burn down.
jizzing snot
having a lucid dream and getting stuck in said dream for what felt like days.
not realizing my webcam was on in a meeting
making a meme page about weed because I am a simp and getting my parents to think they raised a drug addict
posting that I liked a pad company using “humans with vaginas” on their packaging which escalated into me trying to erase women.
walking into the bathroom
farting my teacher in the face by accident forgetting to log out of reddit
ordering my favourite subway sandwich
Saying "Sucking a Fat Glizzy" in Public.
revealing my search porn history to my entire class and getting a new nickname in the process
plagiarizing less than 2% on my midterm exam.
leaving my keys 3 1/2 hours away from me and my truck
taking a shit with the door open
looking at my dad's search history on his phone
listening to Discover Weekly playlist on Spotify and thinking my computer was going to explode
day drinking at my work Christmas party then going to get eyelash extensions
trying to make brownies.
asking my mom where she had been
scaring my neighbors into thinking my apartment contained some sort of radioactivity
Told a man he had a small dick at work ignoring my mental health
having a boner when a dog sat on my crotch (and I don’t hate it)
Maintenance man sees my motivational post-it’s and dildo collection. At the same time.
watching Disney with my nephew
being goddamn weird and getting hot sauce in my eye on my birthday
wasting 6 tabs of acid...
taking a smoke break near a kids park and almost getting arrested.
playing w/ vagege after applying tiger balm
rolling a tire down a hill and almost killing someone.
restricting access on my phone for months
reporting my school for shady practices, my diploma may get revoked.
I showed my 6 year old son that we have Minecraft on our home computer
running in front of a bus to avoid my ex and now my friend thinks I did it to harm myself
Bent over and water came out my nose
trying to be nice by greeting a stranger
sending a text message to the wrong person and being a huge asshole
walking down my front steps without checking for my dog
sending a "private" message to my whole company.
Told my only two friends, one of whom is my ex, that I'm aromantic. Ex wants to fuck me
dropping a can of squeezy cheese on my cat.
accidentally frying my best friend's PC
making my cat shit all over my car
having too much caffeine
an unfortunate username
blowing my chance to have my original song played on the radio
going broke and losing my wife
If you roast someone that attacked you first, are you in the wrong?
telling someone I had diabetes.
taking my son's Concerta in stead of antacids
for peeing with an erection and letting my building manager touch my pee
installing an app
doing exactly what my wife asked
or Petty Revenge??? Please let me know.
locking myself out of my car. With the engine running.
TAKING THC CAPSUL HOURS AFTER GIVING BLOOD
feeling attracted to someone too much
putting my friend over my duty as an RA
enjoining music
vomitting 6-7 times on a 1st date
opening my coworkers mail
becoming a extremely overweight to look like Peter Griffin
my life!
telling the son of the deceased “Have a great day” after hugging them
naming a folder 'shit class'
selling my car and forgetting to deposit the cash
answering a call from an unknown number and finding out my sex toys were delivered to by neighbor's young daughter.
forgetting to disconnect from the Bluetooth speaker
not posting a suggestion in the dead subreddit to never be read about criticizing this sub.
making my boyfriend cry in front of his mom
Today I freaked up by accidentally misplacing my iron ore in Minecraft
By leaving my short trashcan on the floor
cheating on my boyfriend in undergrad
buying girl scout cookies.
Letting a blackbird squat in my apartment.
showing everyone downtown... the GOAT...
not completely chewing scalloped potatoes
committing bank fraud
I broke my 400$ laptop because I raged at among us
trying to make a joke about my friend's Facebook post
not being friendly it cost our friend his life
commenting something stupid
putting hydrogen peroxide directly onto my eyeball.
not taking out the garbage because my girlfriend wanted to do it.
accidentally screen-recording a girl pleasuring herself on camera which she sent to me
not getting out of the way of falling boxes in time
rubbing one out at medical office
giving my boss a Christmas present
by accidentally catching my BF's father watching porn while stroking my cats butthole
kissing a friend. It’s surreal and I’m...
insulting my crush
impaling myself near the knee on accident with a bit of wood
getting pulled over by a cop with my dick out
having a dream about taking a nap
my face by attempting to remove a monitor from a gas spring robot arm by myself.
unaware the existence of caffeine
Taking a pre shift piss
Level my shirt and my arm out of place
telling my friend to go fuck herself
Doing the laundry
eating a skittle.
Job Application Gone Wrong
helping a customer.
jerking off in a costco bathroom
giving a homeless man a place to live and then making him homeless again.
Homemade furniture fiasco
Tried shrooms for the first time and dumped my boyfriend on facetime swapping my partners sexual lube with super glue
Sending an inappropriate GIF to my mourning mother.
not realizing what it meant for a weight plate to be "Swedish"
A fart in the hall
leaving aluminum foil in my friends microwave (new, got it 2 weeks ago)
asking my wife and their girlfriend for competitive BJ (NSFW)
going to school sick
blowing money on a FB scam
playing Red Dead 2 for days, not paying attention to the news, and am now in the path of an “unsurvivable” storm surge
Toàn quốc: - Cổng Xếp Inox 304, Cổng Xếp Tự Động Bình Dương- Cách Phân Biệt Hàng Nhập Khẩu Chính Hãng
opening Reddit on my second "Research" account..
having a short temper at a long drive-thru
forgetting my chastity piercing.
putting spoiled milk directly into my eyeballs
making some old lady think my coworker had died
Flip gone wrong
giving myself food poisoning and making my parents call 911.
A portajohn in the middle of the desert
(M)  redirecting my superior to pizza hut
trying to watch Hulu on my ps4
telling an ex gf to lose weight
popping my head out from underneath a bathroom door, accidentally terrifying an old man
i accidentally airdropped the whole class a porn video
not correcting my supervisor of my name
walking around all morning with my wife's thong stuck to my ass.
listening to my mom and missing an easy opportunity to make $4000
being horny on a family road trip
accidentally letting my GF find the generously sized cucumber I left in the shower.
saying the wrong name while playing kingdom heart
I thought an edible was CBD
telling a girl I was talking to that I was feeling depressed/down in the dumps....there goes my chance.
What a miracle in disguise...or was it?
having sex with our dog beside the bed.
trying to flip 2 ounces of weed
almost having sex
removing the micro SD card before ejecting it
being complacent and losing my Switch.
unintentionally harming my cat
leaving my discord logged in on my brothers pc
two years ago
not measuring my penis
losing my vibrator in my house
asking about a companies’ drug testing policies in hiring process
online comedy class
thinking the subreddit gone wild was about wild animals
forgetting the code for the alarm system at work.
using selective withdrawal
going to bed later than my parents.
asking my ex if she trusted me
being lazy during tag footbal falling out of a tree
inadvertently asking out a girl via text
eating my students lunch.
taking two sips of alcohol in school
taking Melatonin everyday before work instead of my vitamins
calling 911 on my Brother
making a sex joke at my grandparents house, and ruined my dad’s relationship with his parents
smoking so much weed I can feel my organs after being sold shawg for the first time. TL : DR smoked too much and I'm too high.
being lazy all day and getting my medical advice from a cartoon.
being unable to sit still and wait.
proposing we watch Tropic Thunder
realizing how much i love my best friend (pls help)
Yesterday I might have ruined a great friendship
having a huge penis
telling a girl I liked that peeing makes boys thirsty
doing all the (right?) things for a deaf customer
having an entitled friend who accused me of stealing his kid’s PS5!
Dreaming about me impressing my crush in my dream car. A Toyota AE86 Trueno
buying Imodium AD and almost getting arrested
Changing My Clothes in Front of My Roommates Extended Family.
falling from a platform and denting my skull.
spraying my date with gas, lube and "other" material
cycling through a parkrun
almost dying by electric current/charges running through my body while i was sleeping
accidentally letting a package thief go free, and totally having the chance to stop her.
getting head from Girlfrend while the priest walked in - NSFW
jerking off to my sister
refusing to leave the ladies toilets (I’m male) for 2 hours and ruining a night out with the guys
Worst orgasm ever
I may have ruined one of my best friends life
be breaking a dorrm door in half
dumping wax all over my teacher’s computer
almost ruining my family’s life for a video game
making this post and angering the mods
chatting with another girl
body slamming my stuffed animal and breaking my bed frame
paying $4 for a diary costing $3.80 and it was written in front of me on the rate list
possibly having sex with a tranny
accidentally pooping on a dude's face
Tufy by going on a spusage roll with 1g mdma
getting my dog high on poop
Today I Fucked Up by recording a 55 minute video on my husband's phone
cooking with cheap quality olive oil
washing my masks with my gf underwear soap
making teacher ask to smash.
accidentally insulting a Dad’s choice to have children in front of his kid
exiting the room in the worst way
Looking to set up a realtime accountability group or chatroom
casting a lewd to the living room TV
It has been one week since my nightmare ordeal. My family and I were held up at gunpoint and brutalized in a home invasion in Bryanston.
trying to explain Encryption certificates....to my 86 year old mom.
scrolling through popular with the NSFW filter off
driving to work with my tail gate down.
beating my meat
electrocuting myself at work
leaving a not my friend gave me for Christmas on the kitchen table
telling my coworker about Tesla
Then I made the cardinal mistake.
not grooming before anal
when, at my grandparent's 50th anniversary get-together, an elderly aunt approached me to engage in pleasantries, however, I noticed she had a very small bandaid on her chin. I jokingly ask "what happened here?? you cut yourself shaving? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)", she replies: "no, cancer."
uncontrollably passing gas during a standardized test
declaring war against my gastro-intestinal tract.
answering an online job ad and losing $1600
admitting I'm a catfish, M22
adopted a cat from the humane society
asking if your dad is coming to the movies.
stuck vagina
at school
getting stuck in the bathroom for 4 hours
searching for a movie review on reddit
because my mom found out i had a wet dream
trying to find lube with the lights off
copy and pasting
having a nightmare and breaking my friend's nose.
putting too much water in
calling a customer a cheater
hanging up on Lonnie from Nintendo Customer Support
Today, I fucked up by sending a picture of my cat’s anus to my project manager.
Yup caught me cheating, not
wearing a Hawaiian shirt....
TIfI by flashing my sister and her friends
Finding a former interns Porn Site.
overdosing on poppy seed tea and almost dying
trying to humanely kill an animal
Taking A Gloriously Hot Shower
urinating on my new kitten.
failing my Calculus 2 class.
not realizing i was allergic to corn throughout most of my life
singing about how I wanted to kill myself at work
quitting my job to become a door to door salesperson
starting a prank war with the two most mischievous dumb asses in the world.
wearing a mask in public
taking a strangers phone
amp; I'll be serving Jail Time :P
falling into a bucket of sick
I almost died because I was extremely tired.
accidentally calling an escort to my hotel room where I was staying with my family.
waxing my own bikini line waxing my own bikini line
taking medication from my doctors and farting
adding hundreds of strangers on Facebook to earn coins in a mobile game
possibly offending a coworker on my 3rd day at the job
forgetting to feed my mice
coming home hand eating someone's left over curry
throwing a milkshake “out” a clean window
My Native American friend now is leaving me on read
the funniest thing that happens to me
answering a phone call from my Probation officer.
telling my very taken crush I love her.
Quiero desaparecer...
not understanding how gravity works
destroying around 75% of my hearing in my left ear
thinking I had testicular cancer
causing the destruction of my mothers favorite snowman and her refrigerator
Trying to Masturbate in Bed
If my dog was able to speak, he’d be really mad at me
I don’t even know where to start
and insulted my coworker's dead mother's cooking
eating actual shit
leaving my used fleshlight out in the open.
getting bird shit embedded into my skin.
Accidentally "Killing" the Chinese Teacher's Family
Was impatient and stopped a guy from praying
"ใบสน" กำปั้นสาวไทย ซ้อมเข้มที่กาฬสินธ์ุ ขายผลไม้ช่วยพ่อแม่
taking finasteride for over a year
Snooping
What was the sexiest sex you’ve ever sexed?
making an error on an order
accidently bringing home important test papers from school
not paying attention to my asshole cat
accidentally listening to my dad watching porn through a bluetooth speaker
accidentally calling my potential landlord a scammer
whistleblowing how many mods with millions karma control many of the most common subs on the site. Banning anyone who opposes them.
spamming lorem ipsum lolol
calling my boyfriend “miss chubs”
Last moment glitch pond fail
trying to make the cat think I am dog, by pretending I is a dog whenever the cat is around, making my parents full of rage at me.
making my best friend (and fiancé) hate me
sending my cousin to the hospital
my quarantine Birthday by finding out that I had missed about a month's worth of unemployment
keeping a menstrual cup inside me for 24 days
not securing the lid to my snake’s tank/cage
pavloving myself into feeling sick at the sight of Resident Evil 7
putting my hand under a skill saw.
telling my boyfriend it's okay to masturbate NSFW
letting my anger out on my fiancé
swearing on a video interview
Zombie Apocalypse now!!!!!!
mistaking a name for a fake one.
giving away a book worth £33,000 as a birthday present
catfishing my classmates.
sexily finding out sexy stuff about my step mom.
reading a about a guy sucking his dick
almost blowing up my house
gassing my BF out of the room
taking a dump at a local Starbucks store.
having one leg.
cleaning out my closet.
telling my boss he couldn't understand what I'm going through financially because he's rich
trying to have a laugh
Today I Fucked Up By Giving My Brother a Monitor For Xmas
accidentally sending an emoji to my teacher on zoom
accidentally stealing from a convenience store... I think
unintentionally insulting someone's band
pissing while lost in thought
putting my mom's birthday cake outside to chill
farting in bed
having a psychotic break
having funI fucked up bad
laughing at a women who lost her husband in 9/11.
forgetting my bluetooth speaker was connected to my phone and watching adult videos at full volume for 20min
thinking an orgasm was a threat
because I made a joke at another's expense
confirming that my chemistry teacher is a child predator.
I let my foster dog be adopted. He was awesome, He was with me for 10 days and then the rescue found a “fur-ever” home. I should have kept him.
spreading Coronavirus all over LA
letting my only child make me feel bad about not having another child.
911 emergency call
sharing my opinion on r/teenagers
adding a recruiter of a major financial institution where I applied for a job to a chat group about my dating life
ruining my husband’s English education
taking a crap
Gf wrecked my car
being nosy on my girlfriends phone and finding out shes seeing someone else
accidentally being sarcastic with my girlfriend
when my gf caught me looking at her mom’s ass
thinking the kitchen plumbing is the same as the bathroom plumbing
getting out of school late
meeting an asshole after 1 year of waiting trying to find someone who is not an asshole.
sending an offensive selfie to my company
accidentally eating 20-30 ants
moving cans in the kitchen
sending a ĺink of hentai manga to my family group chat
not bringing my car to pick up something my father wanted to give me the was my recently deceased Grandmothers.
accidentally making my friend's mom confess how she gave my celebrity crush a blowjob back in the 90s
and engaged in a conversation with a woman from my past, fiancé found out and is furious, but no intention of cheating on her was ever there or is
losing my butt plug in my ass for 20 seconds and caught it on video
scaring a receptionist with a mysterious demon voice
stealth pooping at work
trying to get rid of an erection
accidentally shouting ‘No U’ to a teacher
indirectly shitting on someone's head
going along with my friends who wanted to name our 7th grade trivia team the “damaging dildos”
eating a cheese pizza
accidentally splashing myself with lab material
letting my horny grandmother ruin my love life
asking a greeter in hospital for directions to a sperm clinic.
taking off my mask
using husband's Lowes card
not speaking to my mother for nearly two months.
accidentally becoming a terrorist.
getting my book self-published at the wrong time
opening my room mate's birthday present thinking it was drugs
going to the bathroom during a work call without being on mute
going out with my husband
going to the dentist right before a job interview
FITU by sneaking out to smoke
throwing a drink at my ex
Hot sauce and finger pleasure
telling a school security guard I was smoking weed after thinking it was my friend
Dating crisis/ relation
and put a cigarette out on my arm
urinating on the floor.....a lot
somehow texting my sister about surprise plans for her 40th birthday.
and got covered in chocolate milk...
telling my mom her sugar free cake was amazing
Mr. and Mrs. Catala at 2211 Sherobee Road
smelling cocaine...
I destroyed a girls house in fortnite not leaving enough money in the bank for a pre approved payment
making a wager with my brothers
Today I fucked up by forgetting my ID for a 5 minute bathroom run
getting close to a squirrel and traumatizing my sister
saying, “you too!”
getting an escort.
leaving my vibrator in a hotel room across the country
getting high before going in a brewery/pub
reading the  reading my grandpa the about a boyfriend reading his girlfriend the about the mother telling her child that Bob Ross is dead.
I may have f up
keeping an ear of corn on my counter around my demon cat
Locked myself in a room and spent entire night trying to unstick it.
not showing my teammates my nudes
rescuing a puppy
I got written up to HR... How do I recover?
trying to be of assistance to my hubby.. NSFW
trying to surprise my boyfriend and accidentally flashing his parents in the process. *UPDATE*
bad Minecraft base
cause I'm just a dumbass
shitting right behind my friend's cabin.
cutting my fucking dick
trying to get frisky in the shower.
Gave up fast food for lent, ate a box of triscuts instead
looking up furry porn
being a jerking jerk
Embarrassing myself in front of my Date and Bunch of strangers looking like a lil Bitch
not unblocking my mom
hitting the American Flag against a basketball goal
making a decision to break up with my bf
accidentally inhaling my boyfriend’s fart
helping a neighbor save over $100 and thinking it would be appreciated
changing a diaper too quickly
yeeting my coffee all over my extremely expensive computer
not wearing Splint heal support correctly and contacting customer support
I just told a blind man "May we see each other again" and I know this is gonna keep me awake at night for years
losing my car key
uncovering a coworkers deep dark family secret
or Today I did something legendary I can’t decide.
reading the words on a graphic tee out loud
trying to kill a Moth
I fucked up when i started to date someone over a long distance relationship who turned out to be a zoophile.
not taking a selfie with a camel.
making an offensive joke in America studies
Be careful who you call
misplacing a decimal point in a transaction for an $8500 piece of equipment
sending the wrong letter of motivation to my dream university
taking a bathroom break
My dog eating a green grape behind my back
being too especific about boners.
not dealing with the wasp nest under the shed when I found it
accidentally overtipping my waitress
putting my BF’s number in wrong
locking myself out of my apartment and potentially almost getting molested
Garry’s random guy response
super glueing my mouth closed....
moaning way too loud
thinking I could sunbathe on the roof
breaking my new laptop my parents bought me
pissing instead of cumming
attempting to prank my friend, ended up typing "F*ck off" all over my system including my ongoing class
picking up a call with a vulgar attitude.
laughing weirdly in class
Playing my Bluetooth speaker in the kitchen
telling my friend about my past and exposing my other friends past
commenting on the life insurance payout my friend received when his mom died
sniffing my armpits
calling the dog biscuits "cookies"
unintentionally putting chili jam in my dick
letting someone else do my laundry.
not having a pen for my boss.
revealing to my female friend that I watch porn (NSFW)
sending photo ID to Shein
not listening for gf’s mum during... *ahem* bible study.
pretending to be straight.
calling my fiancee.
telling my brother to shut up.
not going straight home.
stressed out, forgot about nutrition... fainted at CVS in the middle of a pandemic
Today I fucked up by not wiping my feet.
accidentally my cat(xpost from r/Advice).
convincing my friend to put a marble up his bum
having sex with my married sister... twice
the ass of a horse pretending it was a unicorn.
By getting blacked out at my boyfriends family party for the second time
going for a dump at work
getting my toe skewered by a blue crab
when I put the elf on the shelf on the toilet
when I superglued my ear piercing hole thingie shut
brushing my teeth after smoking
when I boiled my bowl to clean it...
messing around with pool balls
for being a horny teenager and possibly ruining my friendship
getting put into Facebook jail for 30 days.
Best of 2019 Results
dating my biological sister
calling my coworker Ed
while making soft boiled eggs
trying to lore some kids to my car with promise of free chips
Giving A Homeless Guy the Benefit of the Doubt and Buying Him Food and Nearly Having My Phone Stolen
stepping on an electric fly zapper
sacrifising my karma to make this post
When I broke my boyfriend's streak.
showing my door dash driver something unpleasant
stabbing myself with a rusty needle
I held the door open for the lady behind me.
ordering a burger for my boyfriend
passing out after giving blood
brake-boosting and forgetting I have coffee in the cupholder...
disappointing my favourite teacher
explaining a TIKTOK to a co-worker
overdoing it at the gym and vomiting there
eating 18 year old thermal paste (and also threw away some food)
trying to hang a light
ignoring my grandmas advice.
unintentionally mocking a disabled gentleman
taking a cute picture of a 7 year old boy in a park
having an incredible wank
making my fiancée think her favourite was a pedo.
accidentally flipping off a cop
accidentally calling a special needs girl retarded
ner making sure my mic was off when letting out the loudest burp during my class on zoom.
accidentally allowing my own mother to see me naked and erect in a full length mirror in her own room.
posting in a groupchat
accidentally eating 400 mg worth of edibles
rickrolling myself in the dumbest way possible.
not muting my zoom mic
in the office
not fucking up anything
drinking too much and causing my best friend to get dumped.
making a girl lose all her trust in people
changing my looks because boyfriend made me feel ugly
shouting in class (not today, but when I was in school)
I bit my tongue while having lunch with my family.
changing my google name
sending an inappropriate video to a girl I’ve known for years
accidentally accusing a man of being a sex worker.
sitting on my couch *AUDIO PROOF*
gambling with my bowels
asking my boyfriend if it was weird that I was picturing his dad while making out.
farting in a hospital
being a total fuck up in life.
taking a sleeping pill - half an hour before work
Splattering a Public Toilet in Blood
insulting my proffesor
accepting a date with an 25+ guy while I was underage
asking my family WhatsApp group if they wanted an orgy next time we meet
opening a curtain
LISTENING TO THE WORST MUSIC
giving my old neighbors evidence that I am an ass eating Bad Gay.
kissing my wife with another woman's stool on my breath.
leaving my phone on by a teacher
cheating on a drug test...
I F’ed up a year ago by helping a little girl undress
sending 300 employees holiday cards with bras on them
and almost killed myself by getting cum in my eyes
asking: "if pedophilia isn't a sexuality, then what is it?"
cooking the Thanksgiving turkey at my friends house, but using too much spicy flavors
accidentally donating my entire book collection to a thrift shop....
Wibta
getting a neighbor cited for Public Intoxication.
scrubbing my face to dry off, too hard
greening out with my sister and our parents found out
inadvertently feeding my children human flesh
shutting down a small business
eating a cake that wasn’t a cake
accidentally water boarding myself
and can be seen as stalker
indulging in at least 6 different cheese dips during the Super Bowl.
twice
TIFI by mistaking squirt for pee
tellig my 10-year-old about the existence of porn
going to my friends house.
blocking my phone number
falling at the dog park
inviting my fwb over and having my roommate walk in on us.
x2 by showing my entire family my sex dungeon then blaming it on my girlfriend.
smoking weed in front of my entire company
Learn from others mistakes
starting a fire in a gas oven the first time ever cooking a turkey
accidentally redecorating the McDonald's washroom the color of feces brown
having sex with someone i wasent supposed .
letting nature take its course
peeing myself in a gas station
holding my crossbow during an online class.
getting a spider bite on the roof of my mouth
getting into my first accident
setting off the fire suppression system in a condo for old people while I was working
having s*x at an university's public bathroom
clogging up my drain when flushing my cat's litter
messaging my wife about an allergic reaction in a cellphone dead zone.
not finishing my exam on time
eating undercooked black beans
giving a customer my eaten food instead of her nachos.
กัปตันแม็กไกวร์ได้ลูกสาว!นักเตะลิเวอร์พูล-เลสเตอร์ร่วมยินดี
breaking my toe...twice
watching pornography on my Sisters Company/Work Phone.
Losing NO Nut November
letting my mom use my phone.
accidentally having piss in my mouth
downloading Grindr
forgetting my fathers birthday...for 7 days
sending a picture of my bum to a coworker
I got drunk before my alcohol test
not checking my towel before I dried my hair
learning my parents have sex in front of the family dog
eating a green banana and Tesco attempted to get me for it.
What's trade-in money
making a friend summon satan
sticking spaghetti in my nipple
swiping right on my high school crush for the 3rd time
having sex without a condom.
THINKING ID GET LAID FROM A PHONE CHARGER
thinking I'm funny
not replacing a sounding cap.
in the grocery store
answering the phone at work and switching my coworker's husband's call to his mistress.
posting a joke on social media
ordering a essay writing service
being honest in class
mimicking Forrest Gump in my interview with the Head of HR.
bleeding in every room of 2 houses.
leaving the closet open
walking by my boyfriends computer naked while he was in a video conference for work
opening a jar of caramel.
A girl and I were masturbating with each other over FaceTime, and she recorded our call. I blocked her, but she keeps threatening to ruin my life unless I paid her; I never say my name or speak but the call was on a Facebook account which I deleted. Does she have anything on me?
losing my friend's dorm key, changing locks will cost me more money than I own
explaining my biggest weakness to my prankster SIL.
nutting as soon as my brother walked in the room
cooking dinner before taking out my contacts.
today i fucked up by saying making a racist joke in the school groupchat
using Google Photos
accidentally mailing my great aunt my weed pen
running though a glass door
driving over the border into Mexico by mistake
locking my half-naked self out of my house for three hours
along with my buddies) by taking strong muscle relaxers for the first time right before my (our) vacation flight.
borrowing a neighbors drugs and a manhunt ensues.
putting my cat in the dishwasher and now I can’t wake him up from a napMy cat in the dishwasher
trying to suck my own dick. (NSFW)
being called a nazi for explaining the plot to Jojo
Elbowing my hellspawn cat
any buffer advice?
masturbating with menthol lotion
not studying literature and proving myself that I’m retarded
trying to make a gravity bong.
publicly embarrassing my wife during an argument
Two days ago I fucked up
changing my virtual background on Zoom
using my parents credit card to buy a fleshlight and feigning ignorance when questioned
Mom learns disgusting thing and lectures me
Lpt Fucked up by altering space and time!
opening my mother’s text messages while looking at pictures of my dog.
being called a color blind racist at work.
playing a sex game with my wife in a zoom call
putting incorrect links into my company's marketing emails
forgetting that my husband has a mirror behind his desk
rushing to get dressed this morning
telling an American that my family celebrates the anniversary of September 11th 2001.
licking soap/bleach from Clorox wipes
when I was shaving my pubic hair with a haircut machine, then decided to shave the hair on the balls sac and accidentally cut it.
jump roping barefoot
leaving dye in my hair
I messed up someone’s pronouns
not checking my shipping address autofill.
asking girlfriend about politics
not checking a reddit notification.
accidentally calling my 19F crush a whore in front of her conservative religious parents. grabbing a hot sauce pan from the oven bare handed and now have a handle burn on my right hand. Typing this with one finger like a barbarian.
pretending to be addicted to meth to break up with my tiny dick gym rat boyfriend.
I got drunk before alcohol test
roommate drank my piss
asking strangers to “dm me”
My mom saw the pogn i was watching.
mutilating my finger and ordering a 10kg box of fabric scraps
manufacturing a shitty-ass button that says "FUCK TRUMP". It's banned from being advertised on any social media sites, I ordered 1000 but Amazon would only accept 200, and Amazon won't allow it to be searched for, and I took out a loan of $4000 to launch it that I can't pay back.
I joked about a friends healthy eating
life threatening fart laughter
breaking some glass in my ceiling fan.
telling cops that I smoke weed.
attending my daughter's tea party.
Got drunk dialed by a girl that sounded like freak in bed; thought it was my ex.. hilarity ensued.
Trusting Strangers, Trying To Do A Good Deed, and Ending Up Totally Broke As A Result
assuming my husband could connect the dots on Christmas presents
telling a stranger on Reddit I am deppresd an 13
making my housemate think I knew about his third testicle
destroying my kitchen with a chemical reaction
letting my son watch Dora the explorer in the coffee shop
collapsing while on my way to open the door.
using the casting couch background on a conference call
forgetting to switch razor guards.
getting drunk at my 18th birthday party.
a 2 week notice
having a drunken adventure
Story of my UNcircumcision
Loaning Someone My Chapstick
Hotspur vs Everton 1−0
leaving my "alternate costume" out at school.
thinking I owed everyone but myself (long)
Superliking a student on Tinder
Introducing my Friends to Each Other
nearly commiting a felony in a foreign country.
sexing my unsexable sex sex TOFU
not vetting company hiring me
How I cut myself with a Chef Boyardee can
I got drunk and really screwed up
leaving my depressed friend alone.bean paste
pulling a prank on my internet friends
leasing a new luxury SUV with payments exceeding over HALF my monthly pay
accidentally seeing my friend’s convo about wanting a threesome
picking the worst possible place to relieve some pressure
finding out the reddit account of a girl I have been talking to for 3 weeks
I'm stuck step driver
losing HOPE
yelling “URANUS” across the football pitch during science class in front of a girls P.E. class
when trying to meet someone
losing track of my school keys.
being an absolute idiot
snorting lemon drink enhancer powder on an 11 dollar bet
peeing in the toilet
accidentally the whole production database stack
sending an email to my band instructor with a typo
not accepting my friends offer for gas money
wiping my asshile with bleach
putting I voted stickers on my boobies
practicing good dental hygiene before giving a blow job.
I refunded a customer $50 but didn’t give him his money 2 weeks later
sneezing on the bus and getting my snot all over the people next to me
not knowing how to properly express and convey to a good friend that he is in an abusive relationship. Now we are no longer friends and it's put a lot of pressure on my friend group of 15 years. (Long)
letting my dog clean me
being drunk today
The stupidest thing to forget at home on the way to another city?
not locking my door while masturbating
big valentines blunder
attempting to avoid 14 day quarantine upon arrival at South Korea airport
spitting in the wind
not calling my grandfather last month on his 80th birthday and he passed away today.
trying to tell my crush she "inherited the good genes".
"winning" a bowling match
doing the Nazi salute in front of my teacher.
telling the girl that I have a crush on that i told a parent to beat their child.
inciting car wash rage
having asthma and bringing a bag full of gunpowder residue to the London Heathrow Airport.
being lazy about renewing my licenses.
with an espresso, a job site toilet, and a rainstorm
trying to save a kitten from the Texas summer heat
running with the wrong kind of clothes thus getting accused of terrorism
wishing my stepmother Happy Birthday
*Do not* I repeat Do NOT use soap as meat jacking fuel, and don't pinch a nerve in your right groin, or else you'll freak out about thinking you have a FUCKIN STD.
asking bf to come over while parents went out.
Smelly fish oil
having a poor understanding of the English accents
read my wife's journal
shorting out my car radio with a vape
letting a Coon inside my house
complaining to my Husband that social media was more important than me
Asserting my Dominance wider than I thought (NSFW)
accidentaly being racist
making a reddit account
making everyone in the office think I had a dildo on display
trying some self-care
by texting my ex of one year
maybe re-fucking my nuts up
horny problems
taking a laxative before reading the reviews...
touching my wet wash after touching a garbage can without washing my hands first
made a young dude’s Gf know she was right
having to relearn a very important life lesson.
I F*cking Masturbated To The Voice Of My Tutor
being a little too helpful when my girlfriend went through an identity crisis
telling someone I liked their Casio.
Wife is curious about wires
reciting some vulgar poetry during online lessons
not knowing what Ash Wednesday is
going into my friends room without nocking the door
trying to give a duck a cigarette
acting like I was going to fight my friend in the parking lot at work.
doing sexual thing
launching my gamepad into the wall and leaving 2 holes. Need help on how to patch them.
getting duped by the old ketchup-and-heroin switcheroo
buying condoms by myself for the first time
getting my crush in legal trouble
taking doxycycline for a UTI, and ended up giving myself a infection in my gut (SIBO)
That’s bleach...not Febreeze
not looking at instructions for my X Box
getting ghost pepper in my eye.
(Sorry if bad English) spawning the Wither near my house.
telling my dad about her
cooking an egg in my hair.
So... Apparently I did something wrong, but I don't know why and won't get a response
not shaving my legs in isolation
accidentally starting a subscription
Locked myself out of playing Paladins on Switch probably forever
again by eating McDonalds for the second time in almost 5 years
not answering a phone call at work
telling everyone in my class I might have gotten COVID
forgetting my work schedule for the third time in a month!
accidentally making my mom find my weed.
telling a mom that her daughter with special needs was a terrorist
toasting bread
eating my grandmother's weed gummies
TIFUpdate Probably the last one before I tell them about me wanting to cross-dress
calling a customer's child a dog
only eating a bowl of fiber cereal w/apple
also smoking a joint
accidentally posting a picture of my classmate
accidentally showing porn to my entire English class.
wearing my socks on the stairs
giving 40 goats the wrong medicine and wasting $300
getting a girl pregnant and then losing her phone number.
not keeping my phone silent
purchasing gas station salami the night before finals week
announcing my bowel movement
ordering buffalo wings.
texting porn gifs to the wrong number.
cutting my balls while shaving my pubes and almost accidentally giving myself involuntary GRS. NSFW
Phoenix Rising: A Shopvac Story
How I crashed 90+ computers and got suspended for 2 days.
farting in my sleep
agreeing to help the neighbor's kids
By getting Caught jerking off in the Most embarrassing way!
sitting with the new kid at lunch
giving my classmate candy
taking a ginger pill to settle my stomach
asking my cowoker out.
killing my boyfriend’s entire squad on Apex Legends
having a bad mic
with a work group message
thinking my boss was my coworker.
not knowing what a passion fruit looks like
hitting my daughter. leaving for school early
advertising on Etsy
going in the opposite gender's (male) toilets at the park to see if they had soap there
because I ran over a cat....in a computer game
Follow us in youtube =D
making snacks while "Winnie the Poohing"
accidentally proposing to a girl who said "YES YES YES!!!"
blaring music and speeding in front of a cop
My neighbour fingered my butthole through the toilet!
โต๊ะลอยมาแต่ไกล หนุ่มชัยภูมิโพสต์คลิปนาทีระทึก ขับรถอยู่ดีๆ มีสะดุ้ง
not realizing I hadn't hung up the phone
Weird convo with my toddler
walking a stranger home
being scammed out of $500
puking on a baby and a puppy while on an airplane
sleeping though my mom’s birthday
gapping out we take apple pay
So who did you kill to get this sweet car?
leaving my girlfriend at a restaurant full of patrons after ordering like half the menu because my stomach hurt
overreacting to my son being sent to the principal's office on his first day back
taking my blind friend into the center of the audience at a metal show
getting a small piece of wood stabbed under my finger.
pooping on my GF's floor
not checking my dosage and flipping my shit
Apple Juice leads to awkward hanky panky
punching my abuser in the face after he tried to corner me on a night out
groping a widow Infront of my wife, at the funeral
dropping a pizza
sending an unsollicited picture
clipping my toenails at work
eating onion rings.
Feeling bummed and uncertain over a missed interview today
open palming a fistbump... Twice... In a row
not having a threesome with my girlfriend and her hot friend
The rock incident
cooking with mustard and accidentally gassing my husband and I out of the house.
getting into a long distance relationship with someone
Committing a Murder In Front of my Teacher
getting it on with my wife in the living room after hiding Easter Eggs and accidentally leaving my daughter to think the Easter Bunny played a trick on us!
Accidentally shot my pen in class
Chasing A Bunch of Thieves
cleaning a computer mouse in my bosses bosses room..
sending a heart emoji over Messenger
saying an offensive joke while the teacher was in the classroom
throwing my phone into the gutter
Accidentally threw half my breakfast into the bin
threatening some people in the bathroom
fucking a plant?
on Twitter
By not calling in sick
not hiding my porn
answering the phone during breakfast.
enraging my civil war enthusiast Uncle by claiming I had learned that Robert E Lee was gay and fought in the Civil War due to an unrequited sexual attraction to Abraham Lincoln.
double poisoning myself for 2 weeks
masturbating after having touched chilly peppers.
giving myself some stick and poke tattoos.
speaking out on my university’s performative activism
starving to death
I’m not gay, but now everyone at my work will think I am, and I don’t know what to do.
because I didn't know I was graduating college
sending a meme to my English teacher
not putting oil in my car.
Got a very illegal surprise on my porch
naming a character from a mobile game for an assignment in kindergarten
threatening my mom in my underwear
locking my dog in the boot/trunk
Five days of procrastion=worst day of my life
accidentally becoming a sexfriend...
joining reddit
putting hair removal cream on my face
getting too excited food arrived
shitting on my boyfriends couch and penis
telling people they had dirt on their faces
ruining my streaming career before it even began
drinking alcohol and eating an edible in the same night
kicking a punching bag
putting Nutella on my buttplug
nipple dialing my dad.
telling a Fourth grader I used to play Guitar Hero
leaving a bag of skulls under a police officer's house
trusting my so called friends at work
lending my phone to my brother without deleting browser history first.
sucking on a spoon with Nutella
trying (as always) and narely harming, maybe even killing, my dad
100% Guaranty $200 free get amazon gift card. Take Surveys &amp; Offers. Earn Points. Get FREE Amazon.com Gift Card Signup for your FREE account.
losing a spider next to my bed
planting pumpkin seeds
throwing a pen
trying to get my neighbors dog back in his yard
minting my vag
getting my dick sucked
watching a video of what the inside of a funeral home’s basement looks like (explicit content do not read if easily queasy)
telling my mum I've spent thousands of dollars...impulsively.
Remote worker pro tip: Make sure you’re on mute....
accidentally publicly outing myself as an amateur p-rn creator
showing my mom how to use reddit and effectively running our monthly family dinner.
Potential permanent damage to my eyes
not killing a wasp when I had the chance
buying Reddit coins on my dads credit card
taking too many pictures of my face on flash.
possibly yelling at my dean
FREE FULL MEGA💯🔥 👉 Vicky Aisha : https://direct-link.net/124994/126592 👈🏽👉🏽 https://t.me/only2k
wearing a hoodie to school.
for asking for a old lady for instant coffee.
miscalculating my boyfriend's dick size and saying the measurements out loud during his online call
forgetting to cancel my Centr account
poorly timing a joke about me dying
not looking enough into a hiking route
taking a 1000 mg edible
being absolutely oblivious to all flirting, despite being a grown ass adult.
Today I fucked up by being sick
first time out at the bar alone and get too drunk and high and throw up outside on the patio
throwing a water bottle at my husband's brand new gaming computer.
after saying the bathroom smelled like trash after using it
blinding a girl.
not getting my blood to flow into my fella down there.
Getting Frisky On The Fifty
taking out the hair stuck in my butt
kiiinda accidentally implying that I was stalking a man I know. In front of his girlfriend.
My own discord servers role giving system
after having several 0rgasms
getting high while being hyperactive.
leaving a tractor window open
proposing to an acquaintance from last year on Whatsapp
putting a target on my back in college, even before setting foot on campus.
wrapping theraputty around my schlong
getting my vagina stuck in the worst place
TIFI by dropping my airpod into a tikka masala
not getting the hints and losing my opportunity to lose my virginity
semi-accidently smashing my phone into the wall
accidentaly letting my neighbour film me masturbating
accidentally putting 2 passports in the laundry
Exploding pierogies!
calling my friend’s little sister
making a joke, now I'm a target
laughing when a girl asked for my number.
sending my girlfriend a sexy text which she played in her car with a coworker.
Trying to Say "I Love You" for the First Time
accidentally insulting a someone “coaching” us for a contest by sending a message to the wrong conversation
having bad luck and hurting my dad and myself in the process
watching Nazi videos
making my mom find a leash, collar, and duct tape
missing a job interview for a potential 50% raise.
grabbing some random mans ass with some serious passion
swalloweling after masturbating
assuming someone’s age
leaving my bike outside a store unlocked and it got stolen
throwing dirt at local ducks and almost drowning in the process.
getting my 14 month a skin fade haircut
masturbating for too long
doing No Nut November
applying for an internship and ended up joining the army without my ID
chaperoned cousin nearly paralyzed from the ski jump
changing my iPhone/iPad icons.
confusing pajama day for another class
forgetting my master password
giving the gift of TIME.
having a mimosa after breastfeeding
disinfecting genitals on a public toilet
accidentally soliciting prostitution instead of buying candy
going to my friend's house
guy walks in on me taking the biggest shit ever.
sending scat to my mom
watching that girl act like a dog on tiktok on the popular page of reddit
not being able to lie
I pooped in my pants as an adult
Just a suggestion!!
accepting a ride home.
stepping into our hotel room hallway buck ass naked.
I packed real careful for my weekend getaway only to discover I forgot underwear. Going commando first time ever...
This is what my wife did today as a Hairstylist
becoming a super fan on my SO's Youtube channel and I don't have the heart to tell him it's me
letting my good intentions steal someone's dinner.
pouring ice tea over the phones of my classmates
not turning back....
accidentally making a fart noise in front of my physics teacher
getting back in contact with my ex
forgetting about my cum sock
projectile vomiting my fiance
bragging to a bald(ing?) woman about being able to grow my own hair
singing up to a 2 year mobile phone contract.... Without phone calls
not remembering names
streaming a violent AMV to my landlord's TV during family movie time... repeatedly
stabbing my boss in the buttock on his way to a safety meeting.
turning off my alarm
peeing in my car in my workplace parking structure
Exit this way (Text) having ferocious diarrhea in front of a young girl
Pavloving a workout alarm
not realizing what my new and old meds do and relying on it too much.
last night actually) by losing my swimsuit in the air bnb pool
flushing mom’s expensive gold ring down the toilet
calling a kid "stupid" in front of my crush.
having a brother
accidentally flashing and old lady working at a charity shop
Shitting myself in airport security
breaking a toilet in my girlfriend's new house
putting ice down my girlfriends shirt
putting toothpaste on my dick and sending it to a girl
not being more proactive about the wasp nest under the shed.
Inhaled Shampoo
leaving when I thought I had to, desperately missing coworkers and job. Found out this week they resent/hate me all this time.
having sex
recording myself going to the bathroom
missing a friends message
rewening Christmas and making my sister cry.
showing my fiancé my wedding dress
Wearing around a beer branded shirt for 2 days without thinking about what brand it was
I thought school was canceled
biting an ivy vine.
inserting a small plastic bottle up my ass.. Help?
showing my friends who had just buried their child a movie in which a child dies.
burning my lady bits with hot peppers
using a port a potty
forgetting to disconnect my Bluetooth to my mom’s car.
driving across the country during a pandemic
forgetting to flush the cigarette stub away
listening to music during an online class
Having a google meets in the wrong part of the house
kissing my boyfriend before I left for work in the morning
eating thai for lunch and Mexican for dinner
sending my parents a big black dick
uploading a nude to a professional profile.
leaving my dildo in our family shared bathroom
almost missing my sisters wedding due to a super glue burn accident on my balls
giving 20 dollars to a stranger
writing a fake suicide note and then sneaking out of the house, making my parents think I was dead
getting chilli in a paper cut in the webbing between my fingers.
sending my bf dumb horny shit
cleaning my bathroom with two different spray cleaners at the same time.
Hotel mistake - D
making out with a coworker in front multiple people in HR
By ordering stuff online that was sent to my ex’s house after telling him to leave me alone
not using my finished death ray to destroy all of humanity!
investing money into a former classmates business.
socking myself with a electric lighter
accidentally letting my wife see a corpse in a movie.
self sabotaging myself with a girl
going on my family computer to google something
getting my daughter a call from "Santa"
in my dream
letting my kid watch Steve Irwin
trying to boost a friends self esteem
I burnt my hand
climbing a radio tower in broad daylight
ripping ass when I thought no one was around
having big stupid dumb flat feet
ordering coffee.
pretending not to be a greedy fat pie.
leaving my backpack and laptop near my cat
getting caught by the cops while smoking and almost being arrested
my dream self is an IDIOT
pooping my pants
not washing my hands before a blowjob
uninstalling Fortnite on my phone
letting Someone Rob Me
implying I was an 'experienced' woman to my new bf
moving my bed the day before my birthday and then get wasted and hurt myself.
letting my girlfriend convince me not to wait until after dinner
By leaving the plastic sticker sandwiched between my CPU and the CPU cooler.
trusting a Fart.
getting my new AirPods run over
listening to Anna Fevdora perform Rachmaninov's Second Concerto
my online friend was bleeding out and I didn't ask for their address so I can't call 911
messing with "The Stripper"
drinking salt bleaching my hand at work
after consuming a can and a half of Reign energy drink...
suggesting we need a party like the ... NSDAP (Nazi Party)
JERKING OFF AND GETTING CAUGHT BY MY COUSIN.
telling dentist about my colon
commenting on the wrong facebook post
for telling my teacher she is old.
pulling my fly zip down too far at work
running away from a stray dog
for clicking on a Youtube Ad.. ("PornX 3D") DO NOT CLICK ON IT LIKE ME!!!!
telling my neighbor I'm a sex offender.
GETTING MY FIRST SEMEN TEST
I voted for Trump in 2016
snitching on harrasers.
When I Was Too Lazy To Remove Rubber Gloves
taking a shit at the airport in a lovely American bathroom stall
not seing some sign
not cleaning out my cat’s water fountain for 4 months
having sex with my dog.
For Cursing at our Class Chat Room
เนย วรัฐฐา สวมชุดเจ้าสาวเซอร์ไพรส์ ฤทธิ์ ในวันเกือบจะได้แต่งงาน
The Premier
sending a video of myself climaxing to my pen-pal's friend
Accidentally Overdosing on Anti-nausea Pills
charging my moms credit card 314 dollars
drinking my nose hair
having sex with my girlfriend without a condom
letting my friendly dog get abused over the weekend by my neighbor
trying to be spicy in work and getting caught by "Jim"
drinking my boyfriends pee...
not understanding how European juice works
meeting someone from Facebook
making myself look like a drug addict in front of the whole school
cheating on my girlfriend.
Got cut over nsfw while i wasnt even lookin
not taking proper precautions when my puppy had parasites and now they are living inside me.
burning my left nut
Today I fucked up by not waking upwhen I gave my boss a rather explicit music recommendation
How Not to Impress a Prospective Landlord on First Meeting
LISTEN TO THIS CHU FUCKEY NASSHOLES
trying to make pizza
brushing brown makeup on a paper to make it look old
having an upset stomach at parent/teacher conferences
exposing myself to what is quite possibly asbestos
like everyday
telling my CEO's nephew to he can fuck off and go to the strip club.
Locking Myself Out of My Room
getting a nosebleed
giving the guy I like a really awkward hug
ruining the 5 minutes I had with my boyfriend
getting changed in front of one-way glass
They should be telling him"
I pooped on Brahms bathroom floor
that didn’t go as planned
Accidentally made a Bioterror Threat on 4chan
asking a girl to stick both legs out of her tube
asking my friend if the woman her husband is cheating with was her daughter.
attempting to use an auto-clicker in Linux
doing my research right after eating half of a 300mg edible
believing a snap scam
unblocking my ex
exercising at my SO'S 4th floor apartment.
accidentally finding what my dad's porn preferences are..
accidentally getting a girlfriend
when my cousin caught me doing the nasty.
Everyone thinks I’m transphobic
outing myself as a wannabe sex offender
using toothpaste as lube
reading my mother the about a guy telling his gf about a about a woman telling her child that Bob ross is dead
pretending I had The Force
creating a confessions Instagram in my school and nearly got mauled by 60 people
sending a sexy pic to my good friend for his birthday.
trying to clean myself
getting a gift from my uncle
flooding my apartment and the apartment below me
texting a picture of my dogs butthole to my mortgage broker/client
leaving a dildo, a fleshlight, and a penis pump on my bedside table.
eating what was NOT soup
using Twitter for the first time in years.
kissing my dog who just threw up
Testing My Lock picking Skills
using middle school bathroom
closing a heavy duty stapler with my thumb, and then telling people.
linking porn on my resume
i told catmom an information she wanted, while her father ist dying
My wife and I were getting frisky, and she pooped on my face.
messing up my solo, then saying fuck onstage, in my school play
Assuming It Was 7:20pm And Not Realizing It Was 7:20am
giving a cheapskate tip to my doordash food delivery guy
being toxic in a video game.
trying to save myself $5
I Yelled At My Brother While Having A Class And Forgot To Mute My Mic
trying to calm my dogs down
noticing my Switch Lite had a couple of finger prints and a smear on the screen
toaster edition
Wanted Free KFC somehow ended up shutting down a store causing people to lose their job
getting caught by my teacher for watching a racist prank call
inviting a friend to one of my online classes
scaring the shit out of my puppy
bleeding all over the duty desk and the floor.
spraying myself with anhydrous hydrofluoric acid.
trusting a fart.
saying I was gay
Today.... I fucked up.... Big time.... (Involves new friends, new enemies, and one very.... Very.... Awkward situation....)
trying to masturbate while a song was playing in the background
I caused myself to mistaken having covid-19 instead of realizing I might have had a caffiene overdose from two ZAZUBEAN coconut&amp;almond dark chocolate bars.
having sex with my wife then falling down the stairs.
spraining my ankle just in time for Christmas
TIFY by the sex
not me but my FIL called me by the wrong name on our wedding day speech he made
delivering a package to myself, and then opening it while still on the clock.
saying love you to a complete stranger
sleeping naked with a computer fan
not making sure the urinal at work was connected any kind of draining system...
leaving my lube on my desk
forgetting my GF has access to my IG account
not talking to the girl i like when i had the chance
using the bathroom at my friends house
getting excited over a movie
trying to make an ecosphere on my birthday
I allowed my dog to lick my pussy
using a pop can to scrape my windshield.
accepting the wrong job offer
wiping my ass
connecting my phone to Alexa
eating lemon pepper seasoning
leaving a Coke can in my cup holder
choking out the chik-fil-a worker
accidentally acting like a tool
shutting down a construction site
kissing a good friend of mine
ifu by introducing a friend of mine to another one of my friends
asking my sister for money
Suggesting Friends wife come over and use my sex toys.
locking my girlfriend's ex out of his house overnight, possibly traumatizing his dog, and getting us kicked out.
accidentally connecting porn to a Bluetooth speaker
playing table shuffle board
JOINING MY FAVORITE RAPPERS INSTAGRAM LIVE
GOT MY CRACK DEALER BUSSETED
asking my dad to get me a flashlight for my birthday.
getting banned from r/botanicalporn
Thanksgiving special, Dumbass (me) gets Cousin sick for the holidays
Am I weird?
Mentioning My Late Grandfather to My Mom on Her Birthday
pouring cum all over myself and my bed
technically being correct
starting the day off on the wrong foot
squirting chemicals straight up my nose in an attempt to sleep
playing my butt-trumpet in a girl's face
taking a photo and almost getting into a fight as a result
dropping my brand new gaming laptop
attempted fart and shit myself amongst psychiatric patients during rugby cup final.
TIFUUpdate - I accidentally unmuted myself on a work call and my colleagues heard me discuss very personal financial information.
drying my clothes on the balcony
I am never fucking touching a Nintendo switch ever again
when I went off the hiking trail thinking I'd figure it out later, ended up in a life or death situation
submitting my final with only 2/40 questions answered
accidentally switching the Paypal API to sandbox mode and not switching it back.
drinking 2 litres of milk and putting myself through the worst pain I've ever been through in my life.
running to the hardware store.
forgetting about Apple's emergency call system. Twice.
having sex with my niece
be peeing in dreams.
puking all over my face.
jumping into water knowing it was too shallow and breaking my leg
trying to prevent a hangover
thinking my brother was my husband
STEALING SOMEONE'S PARKING SPACE
having a great job interview and then having to send a text to the boss saying I can’t work there anymore
telling my sister that nobody loved me.
gapping a gangster AND and cop on the interstate.
Mistook a Funeral procession for a Wedding party ...
snoring so hard I earned a trip to the ER
showing me head teacher a meme
accidentally showing my nudes to my classmate! (I'm a guy)
Never have Anal Sex after eating bad fish
everyone saw me p!$$lng in the dark forest.
probably getting blacklisted from law school as a racist after a meeting with a pre-law advisor
mixing my words and saying my genitalia doesn't work.
sexing my boyfriend
eating hot wings and trying anal.
with my poorly timed and executed Dad joke.
swearing in front of my mom (SLAPED)
not thinking before sending the Secret Santa Gift
giving out my number to someone I had previously blocked
absentmindedly taking my morning meds at night.
decided to wax my asshole and had to ask for help
wearing my wife’s underwear
getting waaaaay higher than I meant to because I didn't read closely enough
getting my house mate insta pregnant
jokingly wearing a gaudy engagement ring around my family and unfortunately proving that middle children are, in fact, invisible.
What should I do? (I didint know where to put it so here we go)
going overboard on heckling
accidentally appearing to be a racist segragationist.
The story of how weed led to the fear of erections
TIFI by getting Nutella all over my Boobs
A break up story
laughing during a suicide prevention talk at work
introducing my tv to the virtual world
asking our friends if there was "anything I can do to help" spraying water onto my teacher from my pen. yeah
making pizza with white pepper instead of garlic powder
not taking out my tea mug (help pls)
stubbing a toe that has cellulitis
Coming Home Lyrics by Garry Sandhu ft Naseebo Lal
dropping my brownie batter all over the oven and now my parents are pissed at me
coming off like a racist white lady
Feeding Squirrels
Kanzlei Herfurtner
prank calling the police and getting my whole family worried
and got to see how security works at a supermarket
I cussed at a classmate...within earshot of a couple of teachers
telling my manager about my ex
not locking my dorm
slamming a wet towel down in the swimming pool bathroom while yelling at my son
greening out in front of my girlfriends mom
messing my cake dayyyy :(
slapping a girls bottom
eating frosted mini wheat's then going for a long walk and almost shitting myself
making a sexual innuendo in front of 4th graders
answering a video call while on the toilet
ignoring the puddle in my bathroom
Trying to Not Overcharge Someone.
trusting my boyfriend to wash his own clothes.
letting my gf go to hard at a tit job and it tore my foreskin
not doing my English homework and getting a blackout
flooding the basement.
not calling my transgendered dad, mom. Now she wants to never speak to me again
by making a whole classroom think I vape
watching LOTR and nearly killing my BF
telling my boyfriend about a reddit post
telling the girl I’m seeing that I’m mentally ill
Ejasculated piss down my girlfriend's throat
telling my secret to an online friend.
meeting Samuel Jackson
having the wrong definition of euthanasia
eating a fiber breakfast and having a fart spontaneously combust while taking a dump.
attempting to help a little person reach new heights
I met a man-child of a webtoon creator who spams, hates, lies, promotes IP grabbing, and plays victim when being exposed.
telling someone his gf cheated on him with me
drinking a whole mug of oregano tea
not showing up to my appointment at school to take my testing accommodation.
lending a student my phone and him seeing my notifications.
spilling Sprite on my brother's laptob
when my parent's saw me masturbating
I accidentally taught my little cousin to cuss and taught another life lessons on snitches
texting a girl and meeting her boyfriend
logging in a public account (8billionusers sound familiar?) and ending up getting hacked.
dropping out of college without telling my parents for more than a year (again)
ripping my penis during sex
making a mean joke about someone’s dead dog
taking my medicine
My pet puppy is a pug. It is fawn in colour and has a small built. We have named it Swigi. It has been with us since the last 2 months. I still remember the day me and my sister went to the pet shop with my father to bring it home. I somehow wanted to pet a cat but my elder sister, I Miss my puppies
leaving my bright pink toy in the shower.
going to the completely wrong job interview
buying my girlfriend a christmas present and having a Sephora employee ruin the surprise.
using the wrong type of scrub on my face
I called the teacher senpai
My 5 year old cousin cut his hand wide open in my room.
choosing the wrong litter box for my cat
girlfriend
probably alerting someone on the other side of the world that i was watching their camera
Today I fricked up by breaking the ceiling tiles at school.
Defiled a toilet in epic fashion
ending up in bed with my best friend of 5 years.
telling my Aunt her bf cheated.
accidentally drunkenly stalking a girl’s sister
letting my (23 F) partner (29 M) play with my butt
Socially awkward!
drinking a fuck ton before an early morning flight
allowing my daughter to voice chat with her friend.
getting a terrible grade
because I may get my rectum.prolapsed in future
eating something I am allergic to after not having allergy shots for two months.
buying a mask that said “hentai”
telling my brother his elf on the shelf wasn’t real
not doing edibles for my gynaecologist’s appointment...
pitching a towel tent for my parents neighbours
paying $120 for a graduation photo from a photographer
going to war with my neighbor
teaching my mother a game and getting her house raided by the police
accidentally making my neighbor's dog run away
daring my friend at the mall
spoke with a British Accent in the beginning of semester
ruining my chances with a girl I like.
taking whiff and passing out
hooking up with my FB while tipsy and betrayed him in my sleep.
buying daughter a bouquet of beautiful flowers
thinking I could hide a fart
accidentally being a white supremacist
breaking my fibre optics cable.
driving down a private road and getting locked in.
"rescuing" a stray cat.
buying wallpaper engine...
I THOUGHT I WAS GOING TO GET A BLOW JOB!!
showing my grandad the bob ross post
sitting on the toilet backwards
denying the existence of yellow spotted lizards
forgetting to lock the door to check myself
Wisdom crumb #5
pooping on my sister's turtle
pouring sour milk directly into my eyeballs.
accidentally making a fucking Nazi symbol my Teams picture
sending nudes underage
using a public school bathroom
Fake Name/Broken Hearts)
opening my grandmas room.
falling in love at a haunted house
drying my wet clothes on my WOODEN chairs.
giving my friend a piggyback ride
Jalapeños in the ass
F you DIY
not knowing "coon" was a derogatory term and naming a company sponsored soccer team "the coons".
walking in on my granny half dressed
making my mailman hate my guts
wearing a Mankini in a communist country.
running over a plastic bag on the street and it got into my radiator fan and my car overheated and blew a gasket before I could get home. One stupid plastic bag ruined my new car - I totally FU!
losing a frisbee after my girlfriend told me to be careful.
fcking up x00000 times in my life, every time I have interacted with my gran
not saying general kenobi
playing hide and seek
not erasing the group messages that our landlord sent.
not getting into a relationship
letting my grandpa find my printed porn collection
shouting in the terrace
not encouraging a boy who needed it
getting caught using an unauthorized router at work (for filthy porn)
texting the wrong person
My Dad is old af
making a "your mom" joke
playing "Crazy Bitch" at work
robbing a Target.
and tried my wife's breastmilk
losing my varsity spot
googling what a chode thumb is.
losing my temper, and breaking the kitchen faucet head
wishing good luck for a friend
DON'T BE LATE, INVESTING IS GREAT. Are you truly interested in earning $3,000 everyday all by working from the comfort of your home with your PC or cell phone device and start earning from today..?
cleaning the house I’ve been letting my sister stay in
buying a GPU
and almost dated a popular YouTuber
shitting in my pants
lost something important
trying out a Diva Cup
not sharing my thoughts earlier with the WSB boys and girls
interrupting butt stuff at work
almost blowing myself up because of anal lube
not understanding what a banana hair mask was before a date
My best freinds mom thinks I got her pregnant
posting what I thought was a genuine stupid post on Reddit...which was most likely a bot
Buy Reliable cloud servers , cloud hosting &amp; VPC Server
telling my mom the extent of my depression
because I asked a Woman i had unprotected sex with, when was the last time she got tested
Was about to receive oral but she found a 3 week old tampon in me
By falling for a scam and lost 20 thousand dollers
accidentally jamming my sliding glass door with a box fan.
writing my birth date wrong in a job application
having chicken and gastro issues before my boyfriend and I did the deed
I accidentally flicked off my best friend
to smash a tennis ball on my tinder date
not paying attention to vacuum settings
spending nearly $200 on a vibrator.
Not me, my parents
saying I wasn’t scared of stalkers
drinking Mountain Dew
thinking I’d stopped a nosebleed through sheer willpower
being wasted and vomiting inside my nightstand drawer
“shit talking” my crush.
almost causing a fire by overheating my phone.
keeping a girl in my basement
Inventing a Fake Uncle and Being Really Sad That He’d Died
sexing sex and then sexing sex sexing sexually
getting my new phone into the toilet
falling asleep and getting a chemical burn on my feet.
hhhhhhh
for finding my iPod touch
I showed an elderly woman my husband’s peen at Walmart.
getting kidnapped by a cartel during a weekend trip.
trying to read these posts
chasing scorpions in my underwear
cleaning dust
joining an anti-vax discord server (pro-vax). This is my story
I took a giant crap in my bosses toilet and it won’t flush
joining a discord server with criminal activity.
nearly getting my arse beat
doing my makeup with cactus spines
eating a jar of pickled chilli peppers
forgetting to off my cam in class while jerking off
actually last night) by picking a fight with my boyfriend
self tanning my Naired head....
I trusted someone and they told everyone who I like please help :(
accidentally conditioning my dog to cuddle in the morning
listing my sexual history to my wife and getting myself fired
posting this
looking at hentai in my room.
misunderstanding chia seeds
calling my boss dad
trusting someone who I considered a friend
asking my neighbor's boy if he'd ever been in a Turkish prison.
doing an halloween prank
doing a number 2 in the wrong bathroom.
whipping piss Indiana-Jones-style all over my own face.
Mistook group of Irish Travelers/‘Gypsies’ as an 80s-themed bachelorette party.
taking weed gummies with a friend when his mom was home
Making My Neighbours Think I'm A Massive Racist
not realizing they were repaving and coating the road
I accidentally lead a scout group of kids to a nudist beach.
leaving my phone at the girl I had been sleeping with, house!
being a hopeless romantic and falling for the woman of my dreams.
17 years later
calling my girlfriends breasts poggers and ruining our relationship
face planting in front of my entire school
accidentally stealing almost a thousand dollars from my parents
telling my friend about a snap
I need to quit my gym immediately
torturing an ant.
finding out how I was born
forgeting i had this account
mixing bottles
giving my password on steam
getting caught masturbating, therefore cracking my 500 dollar monitor screen bought as a gift by my grandma, dad doesn’t know yet? Or...
buying fake whiskey.
“anonymously” reporting the big boss.
TITFU by stalking the same people on LinkedIn on multiple occasions
asking my 100% deaf born girlfriend of 2 years if she'd ever played BopIt. asking my 100% deaf born girlfriend of 2 years if she'd ever played Bob-it.
Getting A Taste of My Own Medicine
posting an hateful comment during a very bad mood
matching on Tinder with the same person as my friend
masturbating while being watched by a Chinese lady
helping an illegal immigrant prostitute evade police and ultimately led to an underground prostitution ring being discovered
having the worst sex of my life with a complete stranger and then meeting her mom right afterwards
drinking a bee
my classmate misheard a word during the spelling bee and spelled and said "porn" infront of the entire class
letting one rip around my nauseous girlfriend
explaining a Tik Tok to a co-worker!
falling asleep while reading hentai and my phone's screen didn't turn itself off
not listening properly to my fiancé and thinking she got pregnant by another man.
KOing myself
trying to get a nut off @my gfs house
Stink bombed the car on the other lane
punching a random woman in the face..
being honest about my niche schooling choice
nearly destroying my bathroom
Called my mom a motherfucker in front of 30 people
Talking About a Girl's Ears
Putting My $800 Roomba (cleaning bot) to The Ultimate Test *not for weak stomachs*
saying "you’re adopted kid" to my friend.
making a joke
scaring my freind
UPDATE] by missing the biggest hint a girl has ever dropped on me
not checking if my phone was on
getting too drunk going to the car wash
spray painting my body and receiving chemical burns
flushing a fish and clogging the drain in my apartment
eating leftover pizza in the dark
This time to Real....
accidentally summoning an ancient dragon.
accidentally catfishing someone who had already rejected me
not verifying my email address with Reddit
almost peeing in a cemetery
sliding my phone across the dock and out the other side into the 12+ ft deep water
running a bath for my wife...
brushing my hair while watching a cancer commercial.
forgetting about the drain stop
falling for a scam, and then getting banned from a subreddit that couldv'e helped me
not getting my arm checked
laughing hysterically as the only other person in the toilet stall next to me's arse exploded
picking out an inappropriate family movie
eating my vegetables
" giving a friend a ride.
So The Other Day I Tried Fucking My Little Sister's Friend...
going to take a piss
accidentally plagiarism my science assignment.
MOM THOUGHT I PRACTICED BDSM.
trying to shave my ass
making my aunt think that my mom is very sick
trying to have a barbecue, resulting in first responders of every kind and an extreme good news/bad news situation
Had awesome sex with wife and ended up with a pink eye
taking 1 last drink of water
Most embarrassing thing happened to me
being a Meme linguist
hooking up with a girl and saying happy mother’s day to her mom
not turning off my phone's Bluetooth setting (NSFW)
not knowing exactly what kind of haircut I wanted.
talking about the staff Christmas party in front of my disabled coworker I didn't know wasn't invited
bringing up a teacher's childlessness
being the sperm that won
giving a roasted pork femur to my dog
Thought having sex before my kid came home from school was a good idea. Apparently my in-laws stopped by during the act.
petting a cat and almost got detained in Fiji.
ruining a close friendship and a potentially relationship because of a youtube video
saying a controversial opinion to my crush
Cocked an airsoft gun online, probably on a watchlist now.
thinking vanilla extract would taste good
Fucking Up Harder Than Anyone Ever Has Before
having Discord notifications on
accidently watching the season finale of Nick Frost and Simon Pegg's new series
in a small but immeasurably embarrassing way.
digging though a nasty trash can.
I told my dad that a solo uses a "fingering" techhnique
walking in in my adult younger brother masturbating.
attempting the suicide wank
My dog bit my brother
reading in the sun for too long
i got scammed..
unintentionally trying to rob a store.
while watching tv in a hospital tv lounge
Is it too late to tell the truth?
walking naked in my room!
seeing the new Star Wars movie.
drunk ordering a tarantula.
(apparently) being racist towards my bosses wife
taking a stranger's SD card
trying to be supportive and religious
iryvideon
cheating on a test
not covering my mouth when a wasp was assaulting me
I messed up at lunch ALOT
watching porn in bed with the laptop screen facing me and but the screen reflected off the fishtank behind me...
speeding with weed in an illegal state with my car smelling
Cc
digging at the beach
accidentally taking a crap in my pants.
Saying Bad Things With My Mic Not Muted During Zoom
posting a nude photo
gambling £500,000
letting my 6 year old use the microwave
making my crush think I have an Asian fetish
saying yes to date my crush.
forgetting my allergy pill
pooping on someone's lawn
man vs ice.
plucking my eyebrows with my fingers
letting my Girlfriend know I am going to propose tomorrow!!
bending my expensive sunglasses on purpose because my face is lopsided.
letting my friend use my phone
punching my 17 year old cousin, which could lead to some disastrous results.
getting high and “loosing” a contact lens in my eyeball.
mailing Epic Games
forgetting about my tongue having a small cut on it
getting fully erect during an ultrasound on my balls
saying there was a spider in the car as a joke
frying eggs for the first time
leaving an adult toy on display.
giving 1500 USD to an already rich man
eating a platter of food from The Flying Biscuit
googling the average dick size in front of my girlfriend
Fart it while you wait it
sniffing shoes
my midterm grades
being a little too hot, causing a funny mishap with my female friend
attempting to sleep through an allergic reaction
letting my dog investigate sewer grates
Wasted money on useless crap by not bothering to learn what I needed to buy first helping my cousin with her website
letting my dick swindle me out of $700
causing a fly infestation
killing my digital axolotl- one of my only comforts during stressfuI times.
ousting my roommate to my whole class
TMI
watching a MinuteHour animation
Masturbating in front of my cat
scarring my little sister with hentai
walking in on a stranger
insulting the king of Sweden🇸🇪
not knocking on my own front door.
Tried rickrolling someone, but rickrolled myself instead
taking the bus
scratching my face while walking my dog
and flushed my AirPod down the toilet. Only wore it twice.
Went to eat lunch at work, short on time, did the unthinkable.
ignoring the signs of a coming maggot apocalypse
ruining my wife's childhood
pooping in the bathroom tub
pushing my girlfriend too hard.
making my friend think I watch porn.
pooping on the hospital floor
Weed hating mother caught me
shoe stores exist?
not asking what a “summer cut” meant for my sheltie.
Haha Sex
when my girlfriend's parents saw our sex chat.
using the only handicap stall
wishing my boyfriend's grandma was dead so I could have her cat
probably losing a bag of condoms at work.
going to bathroom at school
my math teacher reading my confronting journal
Sex with a mom.....
accidentaly purchasing a nightclub for my son.
using the same Amazon Prime account as my mom
my housemate saw an inappropriate screenshot on my phone
using a chocolate bar as toilet paper, I didn't know when I was finished wiping.
asking my wife to do something about dinner.
and lost my save file on pokemon
accidentally unplugging my fridge before leave for a three week trip to Brazil
Kobe Bryant is a legend and head of the family
randomly growing a Bigger Dick
trying to be funny
drinking ONLY Lemon Water
Delaying a flight and causing a panic
Me and my family almost died.
accidentally putting my porn folder in my steam folder and having steam share enabled
taking an Italian history class
letting my stepsister cut my hair
not answering my phone and having my family think I killed myself!
5 minutes ago by cutting my finger pretty deep
Today I Fucked Up By Eating Bad Foods Causing A Seizure
standing up too quickly from lying down and I black-out collapsed onto the ground
creating spider related panic ending in the public loss of my dignity.
doing the sexy sex with the sex person
wanting to by LEGO’s at Walmart
letting my friend see hentai on my phone
cleaning my Anus too well
ADHD got the best of me
trusting an online girl and getting extorted for $1000
going downstairs when told not to.
I washed electrical wires at my friend’s house
accidentally smoking a laced blunt.
amid the corona panic at work
sleeping naked with fan
accidentally missing my first day of work
wasting time n shit
LPT:  not following Nair instructions
having sex with my girlfriend of about 3 weeks
Making a Joke at Work
getting stuck in a tube
Today, I fucked up by waxing my eyebrows.
masturbating but instead burning my vagina
getting a fetish mollywhopped into me
storing 250 tons of Ammonium Nitrate
I told my wife that the shooting stars she seen all night we’re cars headlights passing across power lines.
because I didn't read the link's name thus I was harrassed
accidentally strangling my bf
Bite mark for a month! Because i am an idiot!
falling in the Danube while on a date and accidentaly creating a group with 20 females on snapchat, while on the same date.
accidentally making a home porn movie on my blink camera
Drinking Water too fast
not reading the instructions on our Balsamic Vinaigrette
taking too many Benzos having a psychotic rage
telling my lesbian friend I'm into her (I'm a male)
My wife fucked up by calling another woman a grandma
"subduing" the guy who lives down the street dog.
using powdered sugar instead of flour for a roux and only noticed it after tasting the finished product
walking across a flimsy roof to roll a joint
defrosting the ice box in my refridgerator
popping what I thought was a pimple on my scrotum; turned out to be a small skin tag/mole...still bleeding. (Link to pic in description)
reading my niece a bedtime story
and got blood taken 3 times
leading my parters parents to my vibrator.
talking with my best friends ex
embarrassing my teenage daughter by raving in the house when her and her friends walked in.
UPDATE - didn’t check if my cat was in the room and got my dick shredded
getting into a roadrage insident with my toddler in the frontseat
shouting at a member of my co-curricular activity
coming into work an hour early.
posting this
not not checking my laundry, there was fire.
buying cyberpunk 2077 on PS4
How passing gas almost cost my SO an eye.
confessing my feelings and sympathy on my friend and his twin on Fortnite.
being in pain for years from not having sex (kinda NSFW)
getting a random cat from my friend's neighborhood locked in my trunk without my knowledge
When I realized that he was talking about a basketball player...
not wearing big spray
shaving by own dick
stabbing my eye with a wheelbarrow handle.
laminating a hand drawn bookmark bookmark.
finding out my girlfriend just wanted Christmas presents
looking up female circumcision
fucking loud with an open window
leaving my vibrator out while a pet sitter comes over for the next week
getting scammed...by falling for bullshit i should have smelt light years away.
going swimming, forgetting my training, and being too proud for my own good.
engaging in sexual activity with my husband and my daggers
forgetting that my body was statically charged.
still working in the same place of work where my ex does
not understanding what party I was registering to vote for
trying to break into my* car
playing with an apron
almost killing by car battery myself
sending a dickpic to my crush
posing a haribo engagement
not realising that my running shorts had completely ripped off when I jumped a fence during a run and then proceeded to run about 2 miles in just my running top and pair of lace knickers before I realised
with my dick out of my pants
playing basketball with a "minor" injury
being in a toxic friendship for too long and tried to get out of it....
M28) by ignoring my wife (F28) in lingerie after not being intimate in months.
purchasing a blacklight as an aid to help in cleaning my carpets
DAE start wanting to be with their ex-girlfriend only after she left you?
reading a and making a child cry.
I left my zoom camera on by accident and beat my meat
letting my truck battery die
M(22) texting a girl way too outright?
getting a haircut the day before going on a date
accidentally showing my mom porn
not being able to post on r/LifeProTips if you have low karma
purchasing lego from obvious scam
I wanted to take sexy pics with a snake and it pooped on me
telling my parents I didn't like what our president was doing and was not voting for him.
turning a sexy melted wax video into a complete disaster
making my father think someone had poisoned him
holding in my pee for too long.
impulsively buying bondage rope
having a good shroom trip
fishing on private property
letting my girlfriend go through my phone
jumping around in my room with music on full volume while my mom was in the house
almost dying when my tire blew on the highway going 75 mph
getting caught using a Phone in an exam and almost going to jail for 3 years
becoming a suspected pedophile
mixing up the names on the plants in my home garden
choosing a major
not checking if my 6 year old had snuck in the room behind me whilst pretending I was a hooker
แหม่ม วิชุดา โพสต์ด่าเลิกตอแ_ลได้แล้ว ชาวเน็ตสงสัยใครทำให้ของขึ้น
saying monke in school live stream
booking a flight in the wrong direction
nutting into my own eye
reigniting an argument between my classmate and his fiancé about her infidelity at the bachelorette party
forcing a fart in the shower
not asking for help
almost suffocating in a public pool.
emptying my bag in the trash can resulting in me Fishing my keys out
making my unofficial boyfriend think I was gay
Because I was a snoopy bitch
TIGU by opening a seldom used cabinet only to find about a million fruit fly eggs coating everything in it.
sending “where’s the baybee” video to my coworkers.
forgetting a key for my bike lock
Losing my phone
My (13M) Dad (40M) called me as I was "climaxing" and did it to his voice
with a meat tenderizer
Asking a co-worker out
forgetting that cats are delicate creatures
unintentionally whitewashing my sorority’s Instagram
showing my christian mom an inverted cross....
making a famous basketball coach fear for his safety
telling discord I am under 13 and they banned me
spawning a wither in my Minecraft world.
not realising there’s caffeine in tea.
I accedentally burned my pen*s
I pooped.
arriving at class early (and thinking).
not just going home
cheating on a test... and accidentally streaming it all
eating Korean fire noodles before inviting a guy over
crashing the whole districts internet in school
Got high and didn’t realize I was watching my car get robbed
TIFUpdate (getting caught vaping at my teaching job)
letting my friends bake a cake at my house
leaving my 10inch rubber cock in the bathroomSending a sex tape to my boss
posting a non-sexual story on r/
OFFERING TO BUY CLEAVAGE FOR ALL THE FLAT CHESTED HUNNIES OF MY WORLD
Taking a Sleeping Pill and Missing my Exam
Ouch
thinking that a hickey is just a mark from lipstick and asking my friend to just wash it away
not showering for a week
sending a d*ck pick to my entire team at work.
Putting My Dick In The Microwave
accepting a parcel
Leaving Nail Polish remover Unattended
accidentally sending a *very* inappropriate vid to my crush
playing to rough with my dog
possibly making a stranger hear the moans of my wife having an orgasm over their car radio.
Got a twisted ankle by pooping to long
being a decent human being.
Lighting a Chili Pepper on Fire
releasing some gas
calling the ambulance because the hotel toilets door was locked.
realising how much I love my sister
using the wrong razor and getting the cops called on me
cutting jalapeños before going to the bathroom
taking of my slippers before entering a car.
turning my computer screen upside down
reversing into my grandparents ramp
failing a leaked exam.
leaving a watermelon in the car
making my teacher think I fantasize about her
having a full brain shutdown as I tried to flirt with a Korean woman
Change the sub name to r/fakesexstories or r/13yearoldwritingprompts
flicking an arachnid at a female teenage fast food employee
I shit my pants
waking up in the wrong room of a hostel
Networking Installation Lakewood Branch FL
microwaving mayo
NOT losing my wallet with and doing the right thing
sending a really insensitive meme and may've realised too late.
ringing in a burger
pretending I could speak Greek. I had to move to Greece and live there for 3 years.
asking my nephew for a good story involving my dad for Dad's eulogy
Got scammed by a $7 deal
Today I Am Currently Fucking Up
thinking it was cute to put an alarming voicemail.
I fell asleep with my mic on during an online class.
Trying to be supportive
ordering sex toys when I live with my family.
trying to teach my daughter how to save
needing a cop to drive my car up a hill
underestimating Apple's security system
telling my wife her breathe stinks on Valentine's Day
Dinner with the in-laws
causing the killing of some baby bunnies
Posted a dick pic on my story. Co-workers saw it
Because Well, This Is What I Get For Jaywalking!
peeing after touching very spicy chili garlic oil
giving the wholesome award to an angry Karen
walking to a gas station
shitting all over my sisters engagement party
Kissing a Sea Lion
stepping on an iPhone plug
punching my girlfriend in the mouth.
joking about cancer
having an insatiable sweet tooth
i missed my cake day
pressuring a foreign government to investigate my political rival
getting frisky while my twin brother was home
becoming a bench warmer
burning my butthole with alcohol
posting an opinion in our town and having my 6 year-old daughter called stupid
thinking my truck from 1996 could drive across Washington state
trying to make lunch.
asking my barber to give me a bowl cut
chromecast is the worst invention ever
not talking to the cute girls checking me out at the pool
petting a large dog
forgetting I was in class
after I poured fermented urine outside my window.
saying something antisemitic
not sending my friend hentai
trying to be funny infront of people I've never met before
locking myself outside naked.
telling a co-worker a "yo mama" joke and no knowing his mom is dead
accidentally corrupting my brothers Minecraft save he worked so hard on.
making my SO laugh
rupturing my Gf's tounge
I have a chance but did not do it well.
Found 50 bucks in the loundry machine and my mom said I could keep it
pulling out a buttplug
insulting a previous member of my favorite band
putting banana bread on top of where i cut hot chilies
trying to save some tadpoles
ruining my son's first day at virtual school.
showing my mother pictures of someone else’s ****
getting trapped in my apartment bathroom
I got my previous FWB (m32) a job where my husband (m23) and I (f22) currently work.
opening a door for Reba McEntire.
realizing) that I'm still naive enough to fall for some one.
and unknowingly made a joke about a 12 year old girl's dead father
my karma and learned how watermarks work
asking why my brother-in-law had been added to the family group chat
Free $200 amazon gift card
NSFW took a whiff and Passed out caused concushion
observing breasts, and advising everyone else in the middle school to do the same
drinking an entire 750ml bottle of vodka. I’m 5’3 and weigh 125 pounds.
answering my school’s phone call with a brothel ad.
getting drunk and trying hair removal!
accidentally being conned into money laundering
charging my phone with a bad wire.
leaving my travelegg in the hotel bathroom
dropping noodles on my kitchen floor and ate it.
getting blood taken whilst pregnant
using holy water for my tea misunderstanding the meaning of a nickname
Waffle Stomping my Evidence
hiding in a boat.
yelling out in anger when I found that my wife had sold some books that were special to me and hadn’t told me that she’d sold them.
updating Reddit on my phone
taking my one year old dog into Target
paying for a sex simulator scam.
this sub is shit
I peed on my girlfriend (SHORT VERSION)
not checking an email for the zoom id until 5 min before an interview.
fingers, table saw, stupidity.
trying to listen to my music near my younger brother
In Zoology, Embarrasing Myself With The Dumbest Question - And My Many Other Stupid Moments
getting into a strangers car.
hitting the wrong button on my bidet.
quoting Hamilton to my tinder date
accidentally pickling my tongue
congratulating my uncle
I sent out nudes and it was the MOST DUMBEST THING EVER and I regret it big time
introducing my cousin to the Dark Souls series.
throating too hard
offering to help my sister financially
shaking a bathroom carpet
testing my Tushy without sitting on the toilet.
the repeating the same mistake i've been trying to fix (Relationship)
And I can’t even bring myself to say how.
E
asking an older gentleman if he needed help
Getting Horny at a Funeral
accidentally calling my teacher a bitch due to Breaking Bad addiction.
wanting to be helpful
overestimating myself and missed my exam
agreeing to pour ear drops into an old womans ear.
dropping all of my keys in an elevator shaft
not reading a doctor's notes.
giving a man $20 for his towed car
eating party dip
eating the greener thing and not the green now I'm in elevator forever
missing my colleges shuttle
quoting Captain America and having security called on me
coming into work
tagging myself in a picture of my ex and his new fiancée
poisoning myself for the 3rd time in less than a year
taking a piss in my friends house
like a tuga
accepting an invite to hang out with friends
fuck fish
using a bubble bath, I'm allergic to...
strength training my cat on accident.
having a jacuzzi orgasm in front of my gf who now thinks I'm gay. (NSFW)
getting Corona
saying I wanted to get involved with sexy demon girls in front of a guy I like.
Plz plz help
asking Tim Schafer how I could take his job
ending a relationship like an asshole
getting caught with weed by my mom two days in a row.
removing whole database
This is an actual
I believed my bf would forgive me if I gave him what he wanted
having sexy sex
TIL I've been mispronouncing my ex's name for 5 years
assuming a message from a girl I’m interested in was a booty call
robbing my mum's house
accidentally playing my partner’s porn through the car stereo
unknowingly jacking off to my aunties homemade porn.
ranting about a friend on an anonymous app which she uses too
leaving my cocktail on the nightstand and my mischievous senior shih tzu made an epic mess of it
trying to find out why into the adult assassin has a nosebleed over a kid named Cola in Scissor Seven
having a project on the Qin dynasty
cramming for a speech
agreeing to buy my boss some cigars and implied that I have a drug problem.
accidentally ghosting great first date
listening to Motown
I fucked up my quarantined birthday by forgetting I had my microphone on while playing Xbox.
stalling on a final
smashing my face to ground and losing a tooth
eating chicken nuggets around my new boyfriend
trolling people online
inadvertently making a girl cut herself
freezing my bro’s birthday cake
I remember.
I got electrocuted changing the smoke detector battery
rubbing pepper juice on my face.
leaving a cooked chicken in the kitchen with a window open
cleaning my dishwasher
leaving a bra at a guys house who I hooked up with at the weekend. Turns out he has a girlfriend and she found my bra (my favourite one also!!) and may have caused a really bad day for a few people.
My Mum thinks I used a hairbrush as a dildo but I didn't
asking out a girl who I thought liked me and then it turned out she had a boyfriend
commenting on a girls b**b size
texting my mom instead of my girlfriend
accidently flashing the children at the primary school
TIME FOR A CHANGE! joining this subreddit
writing DIELINE on the inside of my wrist
forgetting where my bed was
My tragic blunder
forgetting to buy solid cat food with the wet food.
not leveling a water jug
accidentally telling someone I was gonna lick their ass
Today i fucked up by sending my grandma porn
I found to much about my dad spends he’s “personal time” when I tried to help him
nicknaming my co-worker on my phone
sending a package to my brother’s ex’s house
underestimating how powerful nicotine is
running away from gay hook-up
The mother of all fuckups
blowing a blood vessel and giving myself a bleed on the brain
giving my teacher my scalpels
getting a little to close to the fire
playing with a knife (rerepost)
smoking weed for years
accidentally asking a black woman how to pick a good watermelon
maybe getting a girl pregnant and spreading STDs
not disconnecting from my cars speaker.
creating a toxic family tradition
overestimating my hiking skill and getting heat stroke.
and have a big cut and bruise on my foot
buying a book for my wife.
First post here! Yay!
It’s nearly 1am, I have work at 6:30am and I have accidentally dosed myself with acid.
urinating in the Walmart bathroom stall instead of the urinal
adding a drug dealer on Snapchat
Confronting the faker in the handicap space
Fish hooks are not fun
not properly deboning my partners soup
hanging up clothes
accidentally stepped on a ant 🐜 and then tried giving it a Cardiopulmonary resuscitation opss. Squashed 😔
telling my tenant I loved her.
thinking she was too good to be true
going on a third date with the girl who farted in my face... (a follow up)
expirementing with nipple cream
revisiting my ex
sending the wrong application to a school
Broke my foot and ankle from falling off one single stair
crying over the mac and cheese
making my summer camp think I was mentally ill and/or a devil worshiper
getting a shard of ketamine stuck under my foreskin
Here's a story about the time my mother mistakenly thought I was regularly stripping at strip clubs.
shitting in a stranger’s backyard with no access to TP
getting to know my neighbor better
cutting a keloid with scissors on my ear alone at home
my mom taking my phone while i was talking shit about my family online
falling off my neighbors roof.
I went on a Blind Date
Falling Asleep Cross Faded and Horny With My Pants Off and Shoes On - Kind of Long
having too many e-mails.
spraining my wrist masturbating
exerting too much effort into work all for nothing and gotten sick because of stress
using a new laundry detergent while self isolating
leaving my mic open in our class's zoom call
Almost Choking to death while Deep Throating a Banana
Trying to Meet Up With A 17 Year Old I Met on OkayCupid
leaving a old candy wrapper in a box
telling my buddy how much the job he got me pays.
thinking a real call was a prank call
making eye contact with a tall, black guy, causing him to scream and hit me.
chasing yet another friendship that wasn’t meant to be
spilling somebody's drink
I bought a sawzall dildo attachment on my families Amazon account after I told them not to look till I got it removed tomorrow.
commiting a hit and run
pulling a muscle while on acid and causing the rest of the trip to go bad
opening my gf account on my Mac
not knowing how cords work
making dad-abuse jokes
stabbing my husband while we were both horny
ruining a rabbit/bunny’s life
TIFUpdate: Theft
chugging water before donating plasma
taking my sister to the wrong bathroom and getting lost for two hours
Making a Ranking List
forgetting to snooze notifications while presenting during virtual work meeting
spraying poop spray everywhere in my bathroom
losing my car and reporting it stolen.
rolling over a UTV and sending two if my friends to hospital
What would be more fucked up?
my man witnessed me shart
telling my cousin my private and personal issues, things I would never reveal to a family member. I fucked to even more so when I decided to text her more about my issues.
trying to pry apart lego plates with a knife
disclosing my STD
getting banned from r/Jokes for explaining humor
putting on deoderant before running.
not planting my feet.
watching The Office with my autistic son
accidentally showing the mailman my erect penis.
accidentally showing my boyfriends mom my nudes putting Icy hot cream on my balls...
using rover and my dog getting brutally attacked by another dog.
exposing how the most popular subreddits are ran by the same moderaters, also mods who moderate 100+ other subreddits. They will now censor me and all who do not agree with their actions or posts.
getting locked in a room
coughing, and couldn’t breathe in!
killing a dog because of my sex fail
Forgetting to mute my mic on zoom and talking about my professor
doing the sexy sex.
trying to buy a game at Redbox
not answering the door.
getting my own cum in my eye
killing my laptop with a "smart" panic induced idea
gifting some random guy’s comment gold.
TL;DR my drawing won't handle being pissed so
I probably clogged my entire apartment buildings pipes!
wearing jeans.
isolation from humans
I threw up in my boss' lap....
not drinking coffee and ordered a "tall black american"
messaging my ex while high on magic mushrooms
being accidentally incredibly racist
shoving a Nerf Dart in my Anus.
giving my brother a quarantine haircut.
breaking up with my best friend.
jerking off in an old building
getting too high in my new apartment.(NSFW)
making a masturbation joke
spraining my ankle because of playing animal crossing.
letting my cat go to the bathroom with me.
not killing a spider
after my sister didn’t like my rapping so I gave her the finger
YIFU by cmpletely shattering the freaking glass rotisserie oven window at the deli in BJ's Wholesale
buy buying a house under one of the busiest runways of one of the busiest airports in North America
almost calling the police on my neighbours in India
doing shrooms for the first time
sleepwalking in a kind stranger's house
not looking at who I was flipping off.
tarnishing an engagement
gt; I clogged the toilet up due to rice
....
Stupid idiot who pays for health insurance
By urinating in a school bin
getting my brother kicked out of rehab
reverse dutch-ovening my SO
making two big mistakes.
I got my bag stuck in a metro door for a very long time
not deleting my nudes
giving my cat flea protection for dogs (new to Reddit can’t figure out flairs) medium
saying loudly that im the best at fucking myself at a birthday
I want this to be known as a warning to everyone and share this with the world
talking to my barber about going to boot camp.
using a racial slur in front of an Asian customer.
giving my number to a guy that my best friend has been hanging out with.
A morning coffee disaster
accidentally tasting human flesh
breaking into a house and almost getting electrocuted
telling my parents that I love cum in my tummy when I was younger NSFW?
ruining my parents Valentine’s Day...
taking a picture of a bad parking job.
my dental school interview by talking about toilets
mistaking the sound of a motorbike with my hard disc
telling a patient to enjoy their trip when they said they’re going to a funeral
admitting to my best friend I was in love with her
taking my GF and ex to eat together
giving my husband a backrub
Today I fucked up by making my girlfriend cry
paying some stranger 100€
Trying too hard as a new Dad
in my Minecraft world
going to the toilet at the clinic
losing my wallet with all my money
sitting on a "dirty" toilet seat
my puppies only come if we shout "assholes"
taking my night time meds first thing in the morning
bringing a beer onboard an airplane
attending a gangbang
encouraging my boyfriend to drink vodka
taking a massive dump before showing a house.
being unmuted during college lecture while loudly squealing about Avatar with bf
procrastinating way to much so that I will 100% screw up a test I have tomorrow.
letting my employee "get creative" with their cleaning techniques
not closing my blinds
snooping on my little bro's tablet
screaming at a CFO
rickrolling my younger brother.
being my awkward self
worrying about my girlfriend's dog dying.
accidentally getting “freaky” with my boyfriend’s twin while he was sleeping because I thought it was him
accidentally playing my butt trumpet in a girl's face.
I fell into shit today
When I joked about my wife getting hit by lightning, minutes before my wife got hit by lightning.
choosing 2nd degree burns over a few pimples
My girlfriend thinks I'm cheating
picking up my order from yesterday
getting stuck in the bathroom because I had no pad/tampon
hooking up with my best friend a month before going away to college
during my partners and I's first time. (NSFW)
telling my heartbroken friend "I might be in love with you"
testing our unfinished project in our school
making myself seem sexist at work.
mistaking my shaven pubic hair for a spider. (NSFW)
I ordered 3 things of the same thing...
petting my dog.
one of the most cringe moments of my life
choosing other peppers than usual
telling my class mate he had a great pp.
trying to have a conversation
By Grabbing A Hot Donut
wearing loose fitting shorts in Walmart with no underwear.
saying having a smart mouth at work around my coworkers without noticing
Tifuwhen i tried to start an only fans with naughty pictures of me and my friends snake it peed and pooped in my hair and on my shirt
exploding a glass in an bin full of ice.
accidentally vomiting, peeing and then getting my period during sex.
hitting CTRL+a and accidentely CTRL+v ing my story i worked an hour on deleting it 1 minute prior to this.
accidentally breaking my grandmothers vase
not doing my school assignments in time/ at all
not checking what something was before eating it
accidentally meeting a colleague at a swingers club. (This happened before covid)
leading my male students into thinking that I had a very erect left nipple.
watching a movie (maybe spoiler alert?)
The difference between CBD and THC
accidentally making an appointment to browse a dildo shop
SLAYING NIGGERS
taking two mollies for the first time
cracking a coronavirus joke at work over instant messaging.
The wrong kind of hotboxing
Pukejob
my friend wanted to be something more. I agreed
searching porn on a school computer
asking my boyfriend to wash some strawberries
sending a video of a bat to my ex's new GF
giving my sister a "haircut"
leaving my TAG assignments till the last minute
cancelling events of online classes and spamming all my classmates with emails
wearing extra long track pants to gym.
opening twitter in the middle of a college class.
taking my phone with me to the bathroom
thinking it was okay to go outside in the dark
when my friend group thinks I have a 2.5” incher
Changing Computer Username
watching netflix at work.
eating too much gum and shitting my pants twice
telling my parents that I’m going masturbating
scrolling too fast on facebook and accidentally sharing an incel meme
being old and not paying attention when peeing at work.
By making a joke about an orgy and pissing off all my friends and girlfriend.
accidentally making a small cut to my skin while shaving from down under
trying to be cool and getting swatted afterwise
I’m doing an automotive course in college
ejaculating into my mother's mouth
biting my boyfriends dick off at his funeral and spitting it at his mom while injecting a whole pot blunt roach
sending a text...
putting a suction cup dildo on my forehead and getting a massive hickey just in time for christmas
my penis... and got 4 stitches on it (ouch!)
leaving a group chat made specially for me and my grandma
exploring exhibitionism on the wrong camera app.
living out my lion king fantasy
screenshooting a conversation to I girl I really liked.
downloading gay porn into my friend's phone and ruining his relationship with his dad
joining in my friends making tiktok
I told my dad if he wanted my phone to come and get it
burning my gf down below....
deciding to learn to skateboard
drinking coffee and thinking I'm dying
eating the content of the unknown package.
A proplifting oops
trying to drive over a car trap.
drinking a popper on accident
I asked a new hire I just met today if I could fuck his mom.
eating a 3-4(?) boiled egg
messing up my college application form which can potentially cost me a whole year and $10,000.
driving by an anti-abortion rally.
TDIFU by accidentally passing back car of funeral possession.
mishearing my best friend’s brother call me Chubby instead of Shelby.
TIFY by eating chips.
finding my boyfriend's tortoise
placing my cat on a fear-based diet
faking a cold to get out of workYouTube Brings Changes to Mid-roll Ads Earn More Money With YouTube
taking a stupid dare from my brother
ice skating, resolves in a broken knee
I’m a dumbass, stole a $6 dollar item from a major retailer and got caught.
shooting at a coyote stalking my animals
misspelling idk
accidentally explaining my last blowjob to my Tinder date
pissing off my friend on the rugby team
sending porn to my religious cousin that I don't even speak to.
getting hot and caught with a very well known man.
spontaneously raging on my aging father
so I complimented my grandma’s oven and almost gave her a heart attack
tipping $106 on a $20 bill
taking monster with my melatonin
forget my sister was unmuted
accidentally sending my dad the wrong text
eating brownies made with erythritol sweetener.
telling a recruiter I had an infection
blowing my month's data in 4380x what it should have taken me
masturbating in a disabled toilet
sending a song in a discord server
realizing it was my Dads 50 something birthday couple days ago
Caused a guy I like to face plant into my chest
scaring people at a virtual New Year's party by breaking my New Year's resolution
im scared and cant over come it
using the bath fan light
putting on deodorant between lifting weights and running.
Ratting on my Father in Law.
mistaking a cucumber for dildo🥒🥵🤢
being too nervous to use the bathroom at a friends house before walking home
for laughing at my dog's painful medical condition? breaking lock-down rules to celebrate my brother's 18th birthday
getting a nude at the wrong time
trying to go to bed.
accidentally breaking a small kids glasses, in front of his Year 11 friends who are Eshays and was told that if I don’t pay for his glasses I’ll get beaten to death.
Overslept, Left 11 Global Team Members Hanging on Zoom
forgetting to close Safari before locking my iPad
looking like a cliché murderer/abductor.
trying to make a water balloon in the bathroom sink
listening to insanely loud smut without realising my new roomie could hear it
googling "tit" in front of my mom
reacting to a discord message.
making a 69 joke to an elderly woman
pulling the toilet roll dispenser too hard
Not Reading The Instructions of a Paper Due Tomorrow...
I may have stolen my friend's girlfriend.
accidentally adding a girls mom on Facebook
letting my 5 year old call her psychologist a "psychopath"
might have broke a knuckle
loosing a girl
getting in a car crash bc I tried to get my boyfriend’s attention at another lane
not wanting to die a little too much
flashing a bunch of colleagues because of a faulty skirt zipper (little NSFW)
forgetting the golden rule of jumping motorcycles
my mom found my fleshlight.
I shitted myself while having sex in the dark and blamed it on dog &amp; my boyfriend believed it... Not sure if I should confess or euthanize the dog to protect the truth
using the new toaster oven at work
typing "what is a sex offender" into my Microsoft teams class meeting thinking I was searching it on google.
implying to a room full of strangers that I engage in illegal beastiality.
I sorta caught eelings for a NSFW male content poster
Sleeping Past My Alarms and Nearly Destroying My Dad's Business.
Today I forgot why I should always stay in my office during zoom.
getting spanked while playing a game in a mormon church
Eating a Mango and Masturbating
messing with an ant on my bed
being too lazy to unlock my phone
having a loose interpretation of “burning love.”
deep diving on a 7 year old AskReddit thread where thousands of people confessed their worst secrets.
left my steak out to thaw and forgot about it.
I had a nightmare situation happen that I didn't even know was my nightmare.
I got locked out of my grandparents house by 2 dogs and a dead squirrel and it caused pain, stress, and for my mom to bite my head off.
giving myself a chemical burn
almost dying from eating a piece of chicken
crashing a wedding
falling down the main stairs(in the main loby) in one of the city's most crowded library
missing some more obvious signals
TLDR by accidentally flashing my pp in the middle of class.
flushing my car keys
when I accidentally streamed porn.
wearing my "I paused my game to be here" T-shirt at my Grandpas funeral
getting too drunk and kissing my roommate
calling bulls "horny bois"
cooking a calzone at 1am and playing on my PS4
eating still hot crockpot candy
visiting an ear doctor just to be sure and getting a bad infection and probably perm damage
thinking I was driving a school bus instead of my personal vehicle.
ordering on a bathroom trip to Scud Heaven
trying to lock my friend out of school as a joke ignoring Reddit NSFW warning
ignoring a spider while I pooped
sending a naughty link to the wrong discord server
going into my overdraft because I shipped a £1 jar of pasta to my crush
not listening to my friends and thinking I can do it all
littering my neighbor and almost burning my house down all while making some toast.
telling a girl how I really feel
combining Ativan and alcohol
TI(13f)FU by cucking my(13f)self(13f)
texting my best friend
thinking my parents were murdering each other, proceeded to wake up my tenants, and almost calling the cops
yelling at an old lady
TIFI By breaking my phone completely
asking the guy I've been texting to send a sexy voice note.
By leaving my phone open for my friends to access my reddit account.
following some crazy lady to her house to confront her.
angering a child star
driving with my parking break engaged
sleep hitting someone on a plane
losing my dad’s signed baseball
not thinking about what I'm eating enough
i fucked up my car
having my friend make a video about a PlayStation 4 free trial loophole.
putting pumpkin spice in the tacos for dinner
Welp, I nearly died
accidentally giving myself a nightmare about being water boarded.
think movies won Grammys.
fucking up 2 times in a row
mooning my nurse
blowing my hand up.
smoking a bong
agreeing to help drain a septic tank, and getting fecal sludge in my mouth and face.
misspelling Edgar Wrights name and posting before re reading my title.
cheating in the exams
forgetting it was Memorial Day and taking time off from work.
telling a driver to get off his phone.
because of a ball I shouldn’t of picked up
sending my wife a random dick pic
sucking my cousins dick
accidentally smearing shit on the bathroom floor
because I accidentally blasted the sound from my porn video right next to my mom
broking my wrist while playing VR games
Baking for the first time and switch salt and sugar
sending nudes to strangers on the internet
I'm a reddit amateur
bringing a cat in the house
sleeping on a futon in my friend’s house, where his cat crapped in my hand
listening to Reddit, staying with my girlfriend, getting cheated on and possibly getting genital warts
feeding my boyfriend beans and eating his ass.
going to the bathroom naked
Tdif ate pizza that was sprayed with raid the night before
sHipping my bestfriend and my cousin tOgHtHER!
laying a giant poop and having to hold it
Deep, deep, self-loathing, regret, anger, and other negative emotions because I gave away items
Putting Something Up My Butt
accidentally basting the audio for the “Lamar roasts Franklin in real life” and being the only white person in the room.
throwing a child abuse victim across a basketball court
triggering my flight response in a voice chat
accidentally indirectly killing a cat.
Telling My Fiance I was Buying NordVPN
missing a call. It was their last attempt and courtesy call before they closed my file. My car no longer has a warranty and it doesn’t even have 5000 miles on it yet :(
half murdering my relatives.
Today I fucked up by not getting a cyst looked at
forgetting I wasn't muted during a Zoom meeting when I ate my lunch, causing irreversible harm to my reputation. (I talk to my food when I eat it.)
falling asleep in my chemistry class
pulling a random crying pic from the web to paint for a student film project. It was Trisha Paytas.
not realizing what a "Swedish" weight plate was
Hit a home run with a pretty Brazilian girl... while the red army was camping in town
being greedy for karma and using autobots
hiring proffesional cleaners.
i got an email from uni academic integrity team pls send hlwp
having a NSFW subreddit on my front page
stress eating a whole bar of chocolate because I was worried that my kid was stress eating.
calling my boyfriend's bluff and posting something on Facebook
By accidentally moaning from my cat launching off of my bladder...
telling my niece story about Hedgehog Man (Jezhek)
selling my 32 shares of GME
getting caught jerking off by my fiance.
looking at r/aww
when you meet Tiger Woods, just don’t do this
badly
diving off the front steps of my apartment onto my knees.
accidently setting my ring tone to Never gonna give you up
being retarded and injuring my thumb
accidentally killing my neighbour's cat
Jm
throwing up on the stairs and being discovered by my mother.
asking my mom if we had any sleeping pills
pissing myself right before assisting with neurosurgery
Today I fucked up by slicing my fingernail off shaving my legs..
being a girly girl
rear-ending the huge truck in front of me in line at Starbucks drive-thru causing a huge hole in my front bumper.
smoking another joint, pretty sure just caused myself some sort of lung problems
Using the “Hide” Function on Reddit Posts
almost killing/injuring my best friend
asking my friend if his dead boyfriend was back.
giving my boyfriend a blow job
Holding A Ball and Running From a Dog
forgetting to 100% veganize a recipe
or more correct my stomach desided to f me up, so I have to run to the toilet, witch didnt work...
Oops
Wasting My Time Reading Obvious Fake Posts On
when I accidentally backed into a truck because a spider dropped down from the sun visor.
throwing up on my girlfriend during sex.
puking a three course meal up at work
I almost lost two of my best friends
manipulating and lying to my friend
when I read the bible
following a crazy lady to her house to confront her.
treating an online girl and getting extorted for $1000
wanting to be able to see my phone while driving
letting most of the girls in my grade see me in my boxers
That’s not rash cream...
forgetting to remove my lube from the bathroom
joking about someone’s dead mother
TDIFU - crisps everywhere
masturbating in a port a potty
agreeing to take a BuzzFeed Quiz on the phone
I replied all
switching geckos and making my science teacher think her gecko is immortal
texting the person I was talking shit about...to them.
accidentally disclosing to my coworker that I smoke weed when we're not supposed to
getting water after sex and walking in on my ex and her new bf having sex in the living room
not setting an alarm this morning
Interrupting a Slug Orgy with my Feet
Told a girl my attraction towards her went to 0.
TIFI by making a joke in class
arguing back against some redditors on AITA and not knowing my place "as a child"
opening my mic while watching youtube sound on
walking into a building
sending a private photo of me and my partner to a family friend.
I texted my son and said I’m sorry
eating (and destroying) my phone in my sleep
New York Fine/Ticket for public drinking
unintentionally reminding a kid that he was adopted after his mother died
trusting an app too much with my (internet) life
intensely reminding my cousin of his recently killed father
wiping my vagina with an anti-bacterial cleaning wipe
getting perma banned from askreddit
not listening to doctors orders.
wasting $5000 on a cruise that I wasn't allowed to go on
TIU by hilariously getting my order wrong at Sonic
eating a ladybug
telling my dad i wouldn’t use the christmas gift he bought me.
making sure my meat was properly cooked.
trying to use a coupon
getting my twitter account removed
blatantly insulting my crushes friend in class
and believed my husband
trying edibles
getting caught for having sex with my wife's brother's wife
watching YouTube at double speed
clicking on Avatar Porn
programming a library book with an nfc tag saying "Joe Exotic for President".
having a smart mouth.
getting locked in my girlfriends parents bathroom at midnight.
Playing VR right before bed.
telling everyone my older brother was dead
cutting my own thumb up to my bone
forgetting my son's birthday.
sending my mum my full length porn video.
and ordered different pizza toppings.
Walked in semi-naked while my fiancé was in class
not passing my dream college
giving my new doctor and the waiting room an accidental full frontal view
playing pube roulette for months...
here
ruining a date with a girl I've had a crush on for 3 years
making my parents listen to porn
bringing my kids into the city for their spring break.
not logging off my Facebook account
that I want to f#ck someone else other than my wife...
opening the balcony door
posting in my group chat
Not Checking the Backup of My Computer
going to my favorite curry joint after a Novocaine injection
smoking a cigarette during a shelter in place order
cutting a corner at Glastonbury Festival
As it fell, died. It was in a good shape but I am not. I broke myself as if I am not broke enough.
trying to hold it in
and lost $20k in the market. Feel cheated and disgusted.
cleaning my PC.
presenting my ass to a grocery store's worth of people
giving myself a slit eyebrow
forgetting to put a lid on a water tank
my mom overheard me and my brother talking about Jimantha the sexy poop monster.
Showing My Crush a Dead Body
talking about how awkward lessons are going to be in front of the teacher on zoom
taking my crush to the mall
shouting NETFLIX AND CHILL in my 6th grade classroom
eating a baby's ass stuck with poo
taking a big box of porn to the trash
missing my document submission deadline
letting a five year old use my iPhone 5
getting my hopes up again.
falling for a phishing email
Technically I’m a day late...
surfing a wave of trash can juice
showing off in the gym
accepting and international call
wrecking my microwave.
making my colleague a cup of "coffee"
breaking wind whilst cumming
I think I F*** Up my life.
thinking soft paywall was soft paywell
making a your mom joke
getting locked in handcuffs
'giving' my friend back a present.
making toast
commenting on my girlfriends new shirt
THESE MOTHS I SWEAR
watching Naruto on the bus
saying " oh you have aids" to a girl during fun times
watching the Wolf of Wall Street with my conservative immigrant uncle before watching the Trailer
What could go wrong with eating crappy food from a crappy supermarket
leaving work to try and save a friendship
discovering my own bisexuality
taking my nightly constitutional.
cheating on my test
going to the doctor with 23 butt plugs
leaving the weed tray, a mostly smoked j, and the cone box out for our maintenance guy to fucking see when he came to fix our toilet.
snapchatting inappropriate pictures to my mom
hurting my urethra
Destruction with the push of a button
Hitting some black ice 360s almost off the side of a bridge!
discord scam
showing my roommate the WRONG gif.
being blind as a bat and masturbating
restarting my laptop 30 min before my Skype interview
drinking with a minor medical/metabolic issue
Trusting my at the time girlfriend.
Being a snoopy bitch (nsfw?)
wrecking my mom's bday cake
making a ninja sound to save me
Make A Quick Plan To Visit The Para State In Brazil
not listening to my doctor and drinking coffee
forgetting about my PS5 controller’s built-in microphone.
forgetting I didn't wipe
thinking I was texting my wife and instead texting my boss
being a self loathing, quiet woman
Slap her and I'll kill you
blowing up an anthill with some friends
Opening a pressurized cooker
going into the wrong change room
emulating an Bluescreen
tasting my own cum
getting stoned at the drive in theater
tinkering with an electric drill.
peeing in my fiancé’s bed
shaving my "underhairs" with no prior experience
My father's epic fart story
for making a joke during my lecture
projectile vomiting into my wife's vagina.
meeting my wifes parents
passing out after getting high
purchasing very expensive classes and my weak laptop died.
taking magic mushrooms which incited a psychotic break
waking up.
getting frisky with my drunk wife.
accidentally going into a furry/gay bar and getting approached by a prostitute
deciding to connect to local mall wi-fi
helping my mom with my grandfathers laptop
having fun in my backseat in a small town
driving my dad's truck
trusting the quoted hold time by tech support
missing job application
tie-dyeing outside
letting my pussy get ripped off in beauty school
taking my dog down the deck
shouting at an old man who was doing his business in my front garden
telling my gf I use a prostate massager when I know she's judgmental
sealing my hand together
not reading an email.
Today I fucked up by getting bitten on the fucking tounge by a fire ant
my sons friends beating me in wrestling
dropping a board on my foot
My Neighbors Probably Think I Am A Crazy Alcoholic because of My Job
vomiting in front of my entire class while the teacher was giving a lecture
IM JUST ANTI-social but now coworkers think I’m a homophobe having my boss think I was a homophobe
using Windex to feed the plants
being a dumbass with porn handling.
telling my neighbor that she drives worse than my grandma
giving myself a minor case of Tinnitus.
thinking I had the answers to a test
By slipping on mud
with my Just Eat order
baby sitting my little brother and leaving the room
putting my phone in my coat pocket.
2 years ago I said Thank You (sarcastically)
I just farted in front of my SO, lit a match to mask the smell, it broke and I caught our couch on fire. Am I going to Hell?
1st trip/solo trip shrooms
Answering Machine FU
giving myself severe whiplash
working overnight with my female friend at my house
leaving my parked car on the street in front of our house
accepting a request for a sleepover.
Bad life choices. Again.
finally convincing my mum to watch Star Wars
booking bus ticket for wrong date
making my parent ask what a nutsock is
sending someone an inappropriate picture of myself
wear my mask inside out on my way home.
drinking my own cum accidentally
thinking redditors saying my grandma looked like "gru" meant she looked like she was in the Russian GRU... then I photoshopped it.
messaging Mexican prostitutes
with mah PARENTS
rushing into an elevator
saying "Ok Boomer!" without checking who I saying it to first.
going into hypothermic shock, but my friend made me. LME
during communion
working for 3 hours before realizing it's a holiday.
not seeing a dentist
when my step-father caught me jerking off
because I rejected the help of two very kind girls, who offered to carry my oversized Amazon-packages to my home with me.
accidentally getting way too personal with my (F) hot home health nurse (M) and embarrassing myself
(M-33)Fastest way to the doghouse is by calling your GF(33) the wrong name... shit...
almost dying
Missing my class to take a shit
Maybe not today but Thursday...
wiping my ass with a leaf
giving my wife a rimjob
getting sextorted
installing Linux
taking almost 20 consecutive shots underage
drinking two strong coffees before bed.
sleep walking
accidentally screenshooting my crush’s story on snapchat
trying to be cool
farting while gaming and being on voicechat with my Boyfriend
throwing a drink in my exes face.
trying to help a drunk woman and looking like I was trying to hurt her.
forgetting I scheduled apartment maintenance
talking shit about my GFs dead uncle who she loved more than anyone in the world
that I accidentally follow the advice of changing your passwords regularly because I forget all of them constantly and therefore frequently have to set new ones.
reminding my vet they didn’t email me my dog’s X-rays
drawing a penis using the annotations feature on zoom.
pulling a Ben Franklin
being a mean older brother
being Pretty Fly For a White Guy
Unblocked drains
temporarily losing my filter
almost crashing the car I was driving by the simple act of rolling up the windows in my other car.
thinking the sub r/asshole was a sub about shitty people
shitting myself in front of the school principal
getting on the wrong bus
not checking expiration dates on products I bought Today.
flashing my grandma my a**
getting a haircut and annoying my barber.
hiding food from my kid
bringing my friend back to life by creating an account for her so I could talk to her.
putting the wrong address on my ebay purchase.
buying an expensive phone I cant use
Today day I fucked up by getting the Pink Floyd hammers tattooed
searching for a rap groups website on the family computer.
posting a picture of myself on r/teenagers
when I flooded my house naked.
not clicking in the right spot
losing my starting spot
not thinking about where that spider came from
being in the right place at the wrong time
liking a lot of my crushes retweets.
Wut da fucc iz wrong with me?
trying to cook supper and causing a small explosion.
making a video of my cats
flashing the maintenance man flashing the maintenance man
letting three agonizing days go to waste
taking an edible
I just pressed the little Reddit icon in the bottom left of my screen and lost and 3 hour Reddit scrolling session.
Tofu by getting drunk at a birthday party
trusting my at the time GF
doing the sexiest sex that is a sex
shitting on hospital floor
blowing a guy and getting caught
trading chores with my husband
eating a veggie cheeseburger
Just missed the bus to the airport...
drinking too much coffee
selling an old computer for 750$
trying to remove a file across my personal file share
dropping a Ford Mustang out of my wallet
eating choclate iceream and warm pepsi at the same time
having an opinion on Covid-19 response when my step-fathers mom is in lockdown in a nursing home
catching oral Chlamydia and helping it spread to three other people
accidentally hurting my friend.
fist-bumping a wheelchair-bound gentleman who didn’t have use of his hands
planning an elaborate prank to trick a coworker into thinking that her daughter went missing.
for not changing my zoom name
dipping hot sauce on my balls
telling my school friends that my mother was a "deep throat."
submitting my university application with my mother's name
blurting out in public that I humped my girlfriend last night
19  Bored , F , Kik @ macy2219 , looking to sext HMU
thinking dog shit was just a muddy leaf
peeing my pants at Chuck E. Chess
drinking to much apple juice
Drunken baths are supposed to be calming...
saying dyke
thinking that I was taking a pregnancy test
ignoring my dad and basically giving myself tinnitus
accidentally sharing my code with my entire class
not bringing sanitary pads / tampons with me abroad
accidentally leaving rule34 on my phone and falling asleep. NSFW
not being nice to my friend
My adult kids babysat me last night
showering with the bathroom window open.
dropping the smartphone during dinner while indecent gif playing
being oblivious to a power outage
drinking beer outside
watching too much porn
not knowing the German word for Germany was Deutschland
pooping in a plastic bag
A bit ago I accidentally complimented a barristas butt hole when getting coffee
"taking a dump" in front of a game camera
smoking weed in a public park
somewhere, i said something that fucked up everyone's day going to there
using a butt plug on chaturbate
remarking that I was glad to be part of the superior race in front of a black guy
simply wanting a haircut.
forgetting my fucking bike on the bus and gettting off at my stop.
doing Chris Farleys "fat man in a little coat" skit
telling my girlfriend
not making it obvious I was joking .
making my pee pee to almost get stung by a bee
Accidentally Commenting a Racial Slur on Facebook, Got a 3-day ban
not sleeping right for a week
saying “bless you” to my boyfriend
Today I fuck3d up by not checking my order I got from a fast food drive thru
making my boss think I smoke weed
screaming to my mom and losing contact with my family for 2 years.
stealing money from my step dad that was for his pills.
accidently dropping 9 keycaps in the drain
MARKETING
telling my grandma to kill herself.
trying to stop my brother from getting lung cancer
and Used well/tap water with Neti Pot. Worried about Amoeba. Help calm my nerves!
giving a girls number to my boss
Putting at least an once of pepper in my soup, and trying to eat it anyways.
accidentally stealing an order of wings
and bought 1-ply toilet paper.
making an offensive joke on a Zoom meeting when I was unmuted
partying on my last week of university
asking my wife to peg me. NSFW
thinking a call from my doc was a SCAM
marking myself as a dependent for my 2019 taxes
wasting my cash on brownies
watching hoodsite
cumming hard all over the gym toilet.
framing my posters
trying to get drugs in Nicaragua.
talking about porn in school
####O•R•D•E•R###B•U•D•S ####L•U•C•Y ###C•A•R•T•S#####S•H•R•O•O•M•S####C•O•K•E####W•A•X######PILLS######M•E•T•H###E•D•I•B•L•E•S#####D•I•A•Z•E•P•A•M###WhATS••••APP((((‪+1 (209) 278‑0180‬))))*****OR****Via *******((W/I/C/K/R)) ((ID)) : dadawg27******* YOUR SATISFACTION IS OUR PRIORITY 🤝
showering.
jumping off a swing.
dropping a key ring down the toilet.
Lawyer advice
being a racist fool
forgetting who feeds me and puts a roof over my head
getting my dog high
stopping to take a shit
fainting while driving on the freeway
send my crush a pic of herself
giving my girlfriend a concussion.
having a coolant leak on the way to work
drinking too much chocolate milk
chasing my sisters friend
saw the supermoon, came on my phone, two people saw me
I accidentally hit my xbox when I was moving my leg, the water bottle next to it was all over the floor and my xbox isn't working now
thinking with my dingdong and trying to hire an escort, get scammed and bank account gets plundered, need advice
making my daughter think I can't afford to buy her a birthday present
making my husband shit green on his birthday.
Letting My Learning Disabled Brother Hit My Bong
not telling my sister her bf grabbed my ass at their daughter’s 1st birthday.
somewhat revealing myself in an online classroom
pooping the bed
inadvertently being creepy to my friends.
working on "personal affairs" in the bathroom at work
travelling through time by accident
staring at the co-worker I liked for too long.
drawing a character more buff than I meant to
hitting a curb and slashing a tire
drinking a slimy, moldy liquid
wearing small earbuds
walking in on my 70 year old dad watching porn
being too handsy
baking a pineapple upside down cake.
Captain Underpants would be so proud of me
It finally happened, I trusted a fart at work 😔
going through my Ex’s pictures she accidentally uploaded to my OneDrive
not paying attention to where the remote was...
Blowing up my coffee maker (I think? I don’t even know how this happened)
catching a liar and thought that for those reasons and more that he may have been a pedo
trying to be nice to the new girl
telling a bunch of people that I cleaned my nose for the first time.
forgetting about my 4lb chihuahua
By trying to help one of my professors
almost telling my mom I watched porn
ALMOST Baking a Blender and Oven Mitts in the Oven
sending a dark dad meme to a girl who doesn't have a relationship with her dad.
but not waving back to people
just standing by and watching innocents getting assaulted by the dead.
squirting ants all over my boyfriend's dick
slicing off the tip of my middle finger
This kid got what he deserved for being homophobic
being polite to an older woman
blessing the wrong person happy birthday apologizing and finding out he actually did had birthday
super-gluing my hand to my computer mouse being high and impatient
Help me
ordering a judgmental cooking appliance
teaching my girlfriend's dog a new trick
Merica
asking a coworker how his daughter was doing without realising she died.
humiliating my best friend in front of a group of online friends...
forgetting to flush the hotel-room toilet.
playing with my little brother in the tub thinking he had “rocks”
thinking that Sacha Baron Cohen is one of the Coen brothers.
nearly burning my house down
letting my mom go on my Facebook and liking my boyfriend's ex's photos.
masturbating on my birthday
taking the flirt with my Spanish colleague too far
telling a coworker I look forward to watching adult movies with my 4 y/o daughter
r/ making my name on Zoom "Skippy Virginity Rocks."
waxing my vulva with hard wax for the first time. Thinking it would be painless, as advertised.
trusting a UPS worker and tracking number
making a joke about my co-workers kids drowning and it falling flat.
forgetting about electricity
r/
touching my balls in a truck stop stall.
bricking an SD card
going to an indoor skatepark with my brother
ruining the trip with my friends
I think I dry snitched on my dealer
I SENT A GAY SHREK PORNO TO MY 82yo GRANDMOTHER.
slitting my eyebrows
and paid for my gas at the pump.
ordering chicken wings.
catcalling a 15 year old
dropping a 24 case of Coke in my garage
breaking a fish tank
eating cheese and shitting my pants... at work
Once IFU by trying to buy a roach clip
learning what screen mirroring on Apple TV is and flashing half my family.
M4A how do you handle an explosive partner
telling my girlfriend, who is significantly older than me, that I like the lights dim during sex so I can't see her wrinkles.
Walking out of the bathroom after taking a shower
Swallowing my fake tooth and having to retrieve it.
standing up
from 25 years ago.
using my parents water flosser
ruining a friends party with alcohol.
banging my girlfriend's twin sister
not realizing that Snapchat notifies a person when you screenshot anything
Can’t wait to die
accidentally having shit land in my underwear while using the restroom and having everyone around me smell my shit
not flushing unused toilet paper.
getting bored at school and starting to doodle oblivious to the bigger picture
hooking my girlfriend up with a job at a company I work for
getting a kid's ass beat over a prank call
using foul language
because my dumbass thought is was a good idea to manually fix a broken Vr headset
getting my anti-drug friend high at work
mistakenly sending a kiss to my doorman
following a simple routine.
almost getting my friends and myself stabbed.
A store clerk refused to sell me condoms
nearly sparking a fire in my apartment
being subscribed to r/
offering to help my wife put her earrings on
thinking I was good at martial arts
laughing at a curse word 8 years ago
not understanding how ATM check deposits work
Had sex with girlfriend and it didn't go well
drawing a shrimp
So bad and I can’t shake the feeling
drinking Mountain Dew
having dumb good luck.
trying to cyberstalk an ex
Menthol shampoo as lube...
being gay for a twitch streamer
Overdosing on Erectile Dysfunction Medication
asking the airline gate attendant if there were any open seats with extra leg room.
LPT: Check what your eating
not knowing about condom sizes, having to cancel sex with my GF and having to ask my mum to buy extra large condoms for me online
posting on
I masturbated to Big Chungus today and my parents found out.
think someone's name was fake
locking my phone through google find my device
boiling water
putting together someone’s gender reveal
going through my teen daughter’s purse
not leaving my phone on silent
Today I fucked up , and the rest of 2021
liking collar bones
watching TED in a movie theatre full of young families with their newborns
assuming my hairdresser was gay
scrolling porn
not putting enough litter and having to wipe pee off my cat’s butt
inviting every single employee of the company I work at.
Suggestion: Why not make stand for "Think I Fucked Up"?
By showing my Dick to my cousin
commenting on the diverse fauna of South East Asia
pissing while having sex
outing myself with Grindr and getting a boner in the act
telling a kid id fry his internet
looking up anime figurines dropping a brand new food processor and cutting my toe open
trusting Discord
going to uni at 7 am to find out that the lecture got cancelled
dropping my mask in the toilet
showing 1st graders hentai
removing my sheet and using it as my blanket and waking up miserable as fucc
not wearing boxers in GYM class for pool day and not wearing swim shorts that were tight enough for me
well-my mom did) by rushing me to the ER thinking I had symptoms of leukemia after she found unknown dots on my foot.
climbing down the side of an elementary school and almost breaking my spine
asking someone if their pronouns were a joke.
studying in bed
teaching my classmates how to flip the bird and everyone started doing it
catching a student cheating and calling his parent
R/ cutting my dog hair
By making strong-ass edibles
hiding my morning wood
inhaling my tongue ring, ending up pregnant and almost dead.
I got tipsy at school
from responding to a random text message and ended up getting prank calls for 3 years straight BECAUSE OF REDDIT
Redit
not breathing under water.
eating a brownie
making fun of Brexit boxing drunk and having my mates dad walk in on us thinking i was trying to kill his son.
geting the CEO of a bank to almost call 911
almost missing another cake day.
getting my new/old engagement ring fully stuck
leaving my colleague to be “boiled alive”
being subscribed to this sub
sking a girl out and saying "nevermind"
trusting a finals exam that has been the same for more than 3 years and having to pay 3,000$
not getting hard.
having hot sex with my sexy girlfriend on the beach on our wedding anniversary on Christmas.
letting my 9 year old with echolalia watch The Simpsons Movie...
doing something nice for my coworker
doing pushups when having diarrhea
falling in love with my friend
am being asked my views on the world and being banned from extended family dinners
getting 12 staples to my head and fracturing my former step dad's surgically repaired foot all while trying to impress a girl with a backflip.
meeting a handsome man in the grocery store
Gave my resident 2 dagree burns
flooding a waiting room
Major FuckeryI really fucked up
calling a chihuahua a cat
waking my sister up
rubbing one out with too much energy because my teeth hurt.
suggesting an explicit song to my teacher to listen to
By saying monke during the school live stream and getting suspended
being sent home
getting poison ivy on my penis
TIFI i could not shower because i neglected a tiny dripping faucet in the downstairs toilet
My First Video
not muting during a Zoom call
accidentally peeing myself
installing VTech cameras in my home.
Spending $100+ On A Mobile Game
My brain can't handle being pissed off
forgetting I had ice in my cup.
Sleeping Through an Entire School Day
not realizing what day it is.
flipping myself over my bikes handlebars for no reason.
not being muted in Microsoft teams, while participating in an online lecture
throwing up in the shower at a hotel
smacking my boyfriend in the face while i slept
making a series of regrettable choices
trying to swipe up on a paperback novel.
drinking floor cleaner
I butt dialed my manager while telling my wife about a new job interview I had just scheduled
I accidentally killed an entire pond of Koi fish
breaking my dads work machine
slicing jalapeno peppers right before taking a piss
cutting the cheese
Txting disaster with casual sex partner
playing Call of Duty while my mom was talking to me
not realizing it was my cake day until just now.
putting my shoes on.
Today i fucked up trying to fix a plane
realising I could have been dating my crush
storing my spit cup on my nightstand
By grabbing a girls boob by accident
telling my Drill Sergeant to shave our privates
using a Finnish Sauna
assuming Europe would be just like New Zealand
trying to give away hundreds euros worth of toys
missing a cumshot and giving a 360 no scope headshot to my girlfriend
I sat in Jon Voight’s bourbon.
trying to flirt with an iPhone 7 quoting Thanos in front of the weird kid from high school.
doing sexy sex with the sex person
accidentally filtering out every reddit post with a period in the title
masturbating in front of my entire family
subscribing to
I almost lost my relationship to my mom
wearing a new bra upside down and accusing the store of false advertising....
shamelessly destroying my own toilet.
telling my mom I didn’t love the dragonflies she stuck to my wall.
I’ve been making a habit of seriously fucking up, trying to fix that.
not masturbating
engaging in hateful comments on my own post
I drank a little too much coffee
underestimating the power of rice
Dropping my Phone to Catch an Empty Trash Can
sex)
maybe possibly signing myself into an exclusive rights representation with a recruiting company
not realizing it was a MAGA hat while posting porn.
talking to myself at work
not checking on canned goods
buying lube at walgreens almost giving my girlfriend pink eye
hitting a vape too hard and accidentally pissed on myself
eating clam chowder and drinking a redbull.
showing up to get food after a job interview
partying like I was ten years younger and then attempting to ride my bike home (security camera footage included)
thinking I can fold a paper airplane
starting gay rumors about me
needing to shit
assuming genders.
accidentally insulting a Muslim
I called out a girl for having a period
teaching my cat to follow me
accidentally Clicking Play On TV button at Pornhub
trying to be buffalo bill for my girlfriend
my boyfriend’s mom seeing my nudes
asking too many questions
showing my balls to both of my sisters-in-law
trying to poop
attempting to improvise a victory pose.
having a Tinder date in my car
putting a modded lighter to close to my face
thinking I knew spanish
leading a group of American tourists who wanted to visit a portion of the Berlin Wall, but instead I took them to a completely random place in the opposite direction.
What do you think of her huge ass?
possibly costing my family thousands of dollars
throwing a rock....
flashing my boob to my family
writing a rap song for a lady friend (I'm not a rapper)
leaving my intimates on the seat during an oil change
https://youtu.be/JlmkQDLfrPU
breaking into my own house and get swatted
The mystery of our missing branch manager
Shoulder Checking My Roommate
broadcasting the C-word over Bluetooth at work very loudly several times
super gluing my engagement ring onto my finger
donating my nudes to a public neighborhood library.
waking up in the middle of the night
cumming on my Xbox controller
jacking off and showing my face to a random person on internet and she is threatening to send it to everyone I know please help
spoiling Star Wars in a guy who planned o watch it.
punching a hole in my desk, yelling the f word in front of my parents, and possibly breaking my finger
trying to act cool and making my mom cry
channeling my inner Michael Scott
Grandma Edition! (Reposting w/TL;DR)
wishing a happy belated mothers day to my neighbor
leaving my favorite porn on the first page of my iPhone notes app.
confiding in my butt !!
insisting a woman was in the wrong seat
exceeding length of an assignment 3-4 times
TIDU by trying to make breakfast while sleep deprived and nude
because I didn't check my clothes earlier
cumming in my sock
apologizing for not shaving
Check out my subreddit
I convinced myself that placing a smoldering sage bundle in the freezer would safely extinguish it
My wife thinks I'm a Bronie. (Adult that loves My Little Pony)
talking in class.
breaking into my own house in the most suspicious way imaginable
Let’s summon our king
missing my exam :(
Nutting all over the place rn
a rare tinder match
sharing a homophobic meme.
My Father's Car for Work
supergluing my finger right before my ACT
making my daughter afraid of Donkey Kong
asking my wife if the cost of her screening mammogram she got that wasn't covered by insurance can come out of her hobby budget instead of from my income.
giving a co-worker my shift
urinary incontinence
making my grandma think I died while masturbating screaming a racial slur at my class
cutting a huge chunk of my leg on a broken pipe.
my french teacher is disappointed in me
not knowing what the term "Jackhammer" can mean while introducing my boyfriend to my uncle for the first time
Making my mom break out in hives
cutting a wire zip tie with a sharp knife which overshot and cut my hand instead.
inviting a random Tinder girl over
taking laxatives this morning and having an “accident” during a 3some.
skipped plans with the lady to go watch hockey
getting stood up twice, I decided to see if I was bi
trying to be funny about returning someone's cat
not checking my assignment before mailing it to my teacher
The one finger salute!
wasting a 911 dispatchers time
thinking it was november 1st!
hitting a girl
trying to make a good first impression on a teacher
listening to my mom masturbating
accidentally making a noise sounding similar to a gas emission with my shoe in front of my physics teacher
using my phone number to sign up for Twitter
assaulting my wife
publicly posting on a Zoom call something about cheating
Potentially Giving My Pregnant Wife The Flu
trying a new brownie receipe
lending my laptop to my mother.
spending some time looking at a (semi) uncensored Discord meme channel
my internet trying to play a free game
telling my best friend happy birthday on the wrong day for five years.
not realizing that my hands don’t have heart lines
deciding to go onto the top bed on the bunk bed
not knowing what a cock is
drunk-rubbing a strange woman's belly
claiming that I was somewhere I wasn’t
forgetting the lyrics to my favorite song
shaving my beard off.
peeing IN FRONT of a public bathroom
accidentally winning one million pounds, but remaining poor instead.
pouring boiling water on my hand while preparing a warm compress for my stye and PMS
while trying to throw some used oil away.
sending a friend a voice message about my banana
showing a video that was really questionable to my crush
relieving myself on the bedroom floor
sabotaging my friend’s research paper
misinterpreted my THC tolerance and over ate on edibles.
horribly misreading the conversation
using Head and Shoulders on my ass
Your best offer Get free $200 amazon gift card
trying to write political satire in my school's writing/reading contest.
adopting a caterpillar
falling asleep with a “sleep aid”
sleeping in my brothers bed (NSFW)
failing school
for telling my dad it's time to euthanize him
confessing I like a girl, to early, yet to late...
shaking my coffee drink
cheating on my wife.
searching something on google
vaping while watching porn
submitting my erotica fiction online.
doing too many drugs the night before an important work meeting.
brushing my teeth and projectile vomiting all over the bathroom
crying in my psychology class
getting a kitten while high af
watching soft core porn with my family on my birthday
killing my future self
failing my driving test...
cumming inside my GF
walking both my dogs
hurting a friend by lying to them.
deleting all photos of my girlfriend's and my first vacation
farting during sex
aiming for my friend and ending up breaking a cars windshield
unmuting my mic
joining a random D&amp;D group
deepthroating poultry
Ruining a Birthday Present Surprise
being polite to a stranger in downtown Atlanta drunk texts no ky friends
Eating undercooked chicken
saying that's what she said NSFW
getting into a hot bath with sunburnt feet
sending my co-worker a photo of my grow tent of weed
drinking strong(to me at least) alcohol
suggesting a family walk at sunset
testing a “no more tears” shampoo with a friend
when I said that five pounds is a lot in a children’s eating disorders unit.
telling my family I’m vegen
jumping off a swing
wrapping a Christmas present
Bought hair trimmer and botched my first attempt
transferring money to my ex via shared bank accounts with notes
forgetting how to breathe and getting doused in hand sanitizer
sticking a paperclip in a really old laptop charger in school
forgetting to change my W4
eating hot sauce and breaking my bike
calling my favourite Overwatch streamer "A trash can"
explaining to my sister what’s a Karen.
letting someone in the house
accidentally showing my dad a bunch of incest fetish drawings I made
forgetting I'm allergic to dogs
becoming the subject of $5,600 painting in city hall
Getting Drunk off of Marshmallows
comparing my girlfriends dead grandma to a toddler
Today I f’d up by locking my girlfriend’s cousins out of the room. And getting one of them put up for adoption.
accidentally bringing a “weapon” on a plane
getting a little heat rash and not thinking
leaving my fried eggs unattended on the stove
siding with the a-hole.
drinking my own stale piss
accidentally clicking on the FB “ask to contribute to this album”
throwing an allen wrench in the trash
spontaneously buying some scratch offs
chugging energy drinks while stressed, anxious, and slightly hypertensive
asking a stranger for help
leaving the keyless key fob for the car at home
eating dairy for the first time in 4 months
driving the final nail in the coffin of a geriatric customers relationship
letting my dad clean my room
pasting a link to an NSFW subreddit in my public Zoom chat instead of another link.
I almost died by scaring my brothers
trying to refill my cat's water bowl
bringing a Commercial Waffle Maker to my High School
playing porn on a bluetooth speaker
Flirting Advice – What to do and to do not!
giving my boss my personal email
while boating by holding onto a tube for too long.
shooting a strong water hoes up my butt
sending my friend his GFs myfreecams profile
naming my 3rd grade team “4SUM”
trying to navigate a disabled toilet while I was high as a kite
accidentally winking at my crazy ex
thinking I had tapeworms
farting in my facemask
not realizing my right nut is my right nut.
TDIF 14y stepdaughter nip slip
borrowing pizza from my office and dropping it on the parking lot and breaking my tooth
doing my work in tutorials
not giving a fuck about my crush
When I ate cement instead of chips
making mashed potatoes and putting cream of mushroom soup in it
trying to find my Xbox controller
when talking to an old coach
watching 2 girls 1 cup - not what you think
I bit my girlfriend's vagina ripping out my IV
creating a special handshake with my daughter (NSFW?)
covering my white shoes in dog shit a minute before a first date
sending a Live Photo
going to the theatre with my class
accidentally unmuting my class meeting mic
finding my sister in laws nudes on her laptop whilst trying to fix it
almost collapsing on GF after sexy bath time.
receiving a blowjob after she ate the worlds hottest cornchip
telling a woman that her dead dad's donation of his collection of African masks was crap and our organization is not 1-800 junk
CHECK THIS OUT
Talking to Grandma About Birth Control
Today I royally fucked up by missing my flight to see my family. WORST PART is that my mother paid for the ticket.
passed out on a classmate during lecture
Dusting My BF During Oral
being to nearvous to talk to a girl that i lnow likes me
shaming my friend for screaming at me while she had almost no food at home.
trolling a funeral procession.
I got my P's and nearly blew the family car up
giving my brothers "The Talk"
relieving myself at the beach and losing my bikini.
sending my entire company a link about the NYC subways shutting down (NSFW)
eating chicken nuggets and having to take a dump in a plastic bag in the car in front of my Grans house
Well.. Today I fucked up.
moaning "big floppa" in bed
having FaceTime sex during class
assuming my classmate were having personal problems and I sent her a long text basically talking about her and how she should value happiness over grades. I was wrong.
whipping my head back during sex and giving my partner a bloody nose
trying to surprise my girlfriend
almost flooding my powder room with feces-laden water overflowing from the *sink*
offering weed to our Rabbi
taking Zoloft TWICE by mistake.
taking the train to meet a friend
going streaking
cause I thought me and this one guy were dating and I told all of my friends and his friends as wellI thought me and this guy were dating and I told all of mine and his friends
admitting I’m bisexual in a game of apples to apples
not realizing I wasn’t in privacy
i laughed at my brother in law telling me his best friend died
getting mental help
Dog ran outside the gates
not paying attention while masturbating (NSFW)
making by sister laugh so hard she threw up
trying to deliver mail to a church whilst it was in the middle of a funeral
going grocery shopping
shoving shit back up my ass
jumping blindly into a hookup with an online girl on Friday the 13th, 2020.
not looking before I picked something up
having hash and vomiting on my boyfriend's arm at the train station.
So i accidentally came in my mouth
breaking up with girlfriend before she paid 200 back
not wearing underwear
drinking water out of a water dispenser that hadn't been used in over a year and gave myself a form of water poisoning.
thinking I could shower a cat
making plans with my friend for his birthday tomorrow, which is actually next month.
knocking myself out during a chess game
disregarding my brother’s claim that he had been bullied at school
peeing outside the bowl
getting ashes on my boyfriend’s bed and letting them stick to him.
getting addicted to chapstick.
making Jagex (Runescape) send a squad of police to my house to stop me from "killing myself"
helping my grandma gather pictures for the family calander
eating my dog’s shit
fusing an oven glove to my forearm on date night.
permanently losing my Apple Pencil, in my own bed, in the space of 90 seconds
losing everything that meant something to me
checking the lights on my car
watching Game Of Thrones on pornhub with my friend
throwing merchandise at a gas station employee
texting my dad the number 69
picking up litter
The fake report card
using audio on my cellphone
accidentally donating "personal" items to a charity shop
blowing up a trailer with oven gas
being a horrible and petty older brother.
using a shaving razor instead of a tongue brush.
hurting myself in the future.
clicking on a tab with titty pictures while my mom was looking.
running over a plastic bag on the road, ruined my radiator and car
meaning to txt my boyfriend but accidentally txting the group chat we have with his older brother instead
handing in a $50 note I found
My bf fu, again.
gossiping about a friend
not doin laundry.
sending a naughty video to a stranger
Got a speeding ticket with my sick poop covered dog and open beer bottles spilled all over my car
laughing at my wife's grandfathers death because of prequel meme
showing my religious Dad what omegle is.
telling a customer they're bad at their job
making my crush hate me
wearing the wrong shirt at the wrong time!
having my strict &amp; vegetarian mom find meat &amp; alcohol in my room
undercooking a potato and not realizing it
as I tried to park closer to my HS, but now I'm a dead man.
Now my therapist thinks that I grow marijuana
sex toys
ordering a coffee.
accusing my friend for copying my accessory
saving up money for a VR headset
not seeing my girlfriend for 6 months
coughing and accidentally farting on my tinder date
breaking up my best friend and his girlfriend by implying he was cheating with a man
not getting to know someone well enough.
cumming in my underwear
drinking coffee while talking to my wife
and dumped a fire ant mound on my head.
complimenting someone’s tattoo
having a Google family account
replacing my dying phone
forgetting about my driving lesson
losing all my high school friends because they thought I was in the closet.
thinking I lost a testicle in my sleep
trying to give myself a HFO
drinking whole milk for almost a week
getting caught simping on r/makenewfriendshere on my reddit account. do not let other people see your Reddit account
TRFU- today reddit fucked up by unbluring all the NSFW images and videos (semi NSFW)
Just realized I’ve had a weed roach in my purse all week.
slamming my nose into a door
being naked in my boyfriends room and his little brother walked in
by reliving my LEGO-building childhood
declaring a Jihad against my teacher
smelling my boyfriend
Vashikaran Specialist +91-8729032992
not having a hernia
attempting to scratch the back of my head with a dumbbell during a bench press.
getting a blowjob
Not really a fuck up, I was just a douche..
taking an antihistamine for sleep and an antihistamine for allergies on consecutive days.
unknowingly exposing myself to my aunt.
being way too drunk
sending my mom Ariana Grande porn
telling my friend's mom to suck my dick
trying on a new dress and being dumb
a job interview
getting payback on a guy who annoyed me at school.
taking the fattest shit of my whole life
making a stupid mom joke
Touched A female Customers Boobs
sending the head of my lab a link to a bondage product
not double checking a routine task, for me at least
screen-shotting a new Snapchat charm.
accidentally typing a swear word in my college assignment.
creating a Club Penguin account with an email that wasn't mine
calling our HR Rep a B-word and her boyfriend overheard
making a come back to a roast a kid made in class
doing laundry like every Sunday before
cheating on a college exam and in an effort to not get caught I dropped the class
Drank really old piss
(NSFW) Went for a 20mile/32km~ walk without prior practice and got what I deserved.
missing 2 flights in 1 day
sticking a dildo onto my chest
having sex with my aunt, while her pet cossowary ate garbanzo beans out of the taco salad.
Childhood Masturbation With Developmental Disorder: How To React
I accidently stumbled apon my coworkers nudes while rubbing on out
having my ex find out about my reddit profile.
because i forgot to dry my hands.
and missed out on an amazing adventure with nice snacks
sending my new boyfriend a nude selfie
spending too much time on browsing Reddit on the crapper.
puking in the cat litter box
I broke the dish I made my lasagna in right as I was taking it out of the oven.
03003311545 Largo King Size Enlargement Cream in Pakistan
not attending any of my intermediate computer classes, but attending the final.
stealing from my Crushes Dad
applying facial toner down there
I did a group prezi, group did terrible, and when I trued you Cary my team my friend(so I though) told my to shut up and get out
not carrying a domino
nearly starting a race war in my school
nutting on my face
not answering my phone, and making my Mama think I was either sick or dead
charging my Chromebook
not realizing a canker and a cold sore are two very different things
accidentally pulling up naked celebrity photos in a crowded restaurant and dropping my phone in cheesecake
making an insensitive joke
screaming out "ILY" at a concert.
watching a psychedelic horror movie on psychedelics
at work by sending out a mass email without B'CC.
Subway Surprise
staying awake for haunting hour
saying F off to my vice principle
trying to make it look like a friend was stealing
putting a $250 phone in a Fedex drop box instead of the store
Eating my boyfriends shit
locking my keys and wallet inside my house when leaving for work
giving the wrong response to "I love you"
walking on a messed up knee and dislocating my shoulder for a second time.
having a worm shot
getting drunk and breaking lockdown with a nurse!
jerking off with a guy i met on reddit
Buying A Puppy (that has been raped)
spending an hour on my first post On here and then it being removed
getting blackmailed on Facebook
rubbing one out to fetish stuff thinking my roommate would be away for longer
Its my UNcircumcision
doing shrooms with an ex gf and letting her read my fortune
breaking my friend's boyfriend's arm for what I thought was rape.
making a leche flan
thinking I couldn't get hurt by getting hit on the head with steal bar.
raping my pregnant daughter
TDIFU by sending a sexy meme to a coworker.
asking if impotence is inheritable
Ruined a great thing for sure today.....
forgetting my reddit account password
making a blind man hurt himself
accidentally looking suspicious and making the workers at a store think I was stealing Condoms and Lube
inviting my friend over to play video games
How I broke my phone
not wearing underwear under my stockings
asking my teacher something inappropriate
for not taking my allergy pill
putting my Roomba on an auto schedule and not checking for dog poop first.
attempting to clean cat poop
YOU WILL REMEMBER THE NAME GREGORY STEVENS
getting stuck in the elevator with the delivery guy I was trying to avoid.
getting my delivery van stuck in mud (currently still in van)
By thinking about other people
wrecking a birthday cake
almost getting hit by a train while delivering Christmas cards
drank too much and blacked out under my bed
helping a damsel in distress
sending the wrong picture at the wrong person at the worst time
lying to a police Officer
whipping myself in the balls
sending $200 to a scamming “sugar daddy”
saying the concert made me hard in a crowded van full of metalheads
calling my mom fat
forgetting to log out of my nsfw snapchat
not reading my light fixture manual and having dim lights for years
melting my finger with a drill
sending my new roommate a porn-esque video
banging 6 girls at one time which caused vaginas and dicks to burn and my step mom walked in on us (NSFW!!!)
almost getting blasted with molten hot glass
Thought it was a good idea to have sex before my kid came home from school and the house was empty. Apparently my in-laws stopped by.
giving my husband oral
forgetting that today is not Friday.
asking my fiance to lie about our son being sick at school.
buying my son the sneakers he has been begging for, and now he is walking like he is mentally challenged
cutting my sack and got offered a band aid
I could post on here by the hour, I shit you not..
sharing the zoom class link to twitter
almost going deaf in one ear by working out
wiping
sneezing into a sock
taking too much Benadryl....AGAIN
making my boyfriend miss his grandma's funeral
I hit a kid with a car door
sending my boss a racial slur
I gave away items to charity, and now I feel nothing but self-loathing, regret, guilt, and sadness
Insulted my tattoo artist
finding my dog's G-spot
watching a scary movie after conditioning myself to not be scared of the dark
trying to flush meat down a toilet
smoking weed at 4:21pm
showing my little brother the crab rave.
snacking on a homeless guy's anus
almost killing my grandpa and splitting my family apart.
having an opinion and coming to a realization
Ordering my wife flowers.
not turning off live photo's while having sex
being inappropriate at Thanksgiving dinner
Why my dog 🐕 so big?!?
calling the police at 2:00am because a raccoon ate my shortbread
drinking too much juice
sent the wrong version of a selfie to my family group chat
trying to give a blind kid a high-five.
flipping off a cop while on my morning run.
nearly dying in my sleep because I drank beer and took 2 antihistames
T(my friend)FU by picking his blister at the dining table.
getting caught masturbating by my boss on CCTV
almost tazing my doggo
i took an april fools joke too far - now im questioning my character. help?
Screen Sharing to GF-ish
being blinded by a burst of feelings
wearing headphones while working
TIF by bleaching my hair
getting a chemical burn on my balls
realizing i’ve been pronouncing a word wrong my entire life
reheating my chic-fil -a sandwich
and got into a fight with my brother which lead to my parents selling my ps4
getting drunk and nearly killing myself
drinking clean water from a very clean cup to calm my acid reflux
burning my girlfriend's coochie
Meta - Can we please go back to NSFW on weekends only? I think a good majority of this subreddit is tired of these obviously fake porn stories. Very sad on what’s happened to this sub.
almost cutting an enitre digit off from my finger.
I've flipped the bird outside my office building
using Zelle instead of PayPal
telling a baby happy birthday
spoiling nearly boiling tea on my leg.
calling my husband "Uncle Daddy"
going to the wrong class
TIFY by mistaking a match for a candle
eating poop
leaving the light on in my car
indirectly killing a baby kitten
Accidentally brought down the whole company I work for.
nearly burning the house down with one of my jokes
washing a book with all of my clothes
dropping my retainer in the toilet
leaving my dog at home while i went out of town
yelling out “Flick it like you mean it” while teaching a dance class. 🤦🏾‍♀️
changing my email on tumblr and accidentally adding my ex
shaking a pickle jar
trying to pass a drug test
trying to treat an eczema flare up.
when I accidentally paid 189,984.00 in taxes
showing my ass during a house viewing
not eating my sandwich sending a pic of my wife to MIL
offering expired candy to my coworkers
ruining a 6 year friendship over a typo
causing my parents to think that I had the hots for my twin sister
losing a tampon
telling my crush I should’ve sought a hookup instead of becoming friends with her
getting a prison tattoo.
accidentally breaking into someone’s home
Test tomorrow
When My Phone Died At The Worst Possible Moment (Long Post)
giving myself a prolapse
covering up weights with a pillow
My TV
shaving my ass crack then having the spiciest taco ever
shatting myself
causing my parents to get divorced and im kind of glad
trying to impress a girl I liked
Stabbing Myself in the Face with a Fork.
pushing a little too much blood out of my face.... my senior photo pics are in less than 48 hours..... FUCK
going to see a movie in between classes and possibly being confused for a pedophile
sharing porn on Xoom
being humble to my friend
and let a man die
letting my 8 year old use my computer
telling my wife to calm down
trying to bake cookies
leaving my pink vibrator in the bathroom
What next generation console are you looking forward too?
making an improper joke
accidentally haha-react my teacher's suicidal post
saying a joe mama joke to my best friend whose mom just died.
trying to get rid of razor bumps
making a Ownage prank to my mother and finding out she has Genital warts or atleast is willing to pick up the cream!!!
saying something without thinking about it.
Today I fucked up by trying to fuck a stuffed toy.
deleting a full day's worth of travel photos for my book proposal
getting a detention because I said “I am a strong independent woman of color”
pepper spraying a store
when I let my boss take over the music from my phone
trusting Google Photos
F*** you 1, 2, 3
Welp
thinking my friend was there and teasing him.
Eating my housemates food
falling asleep while in search of a gif to send to the girl I seem to have hit it off with on a dating app.
rev bombing a colleague of mine
mowing down a street sign
I genuinely feared for my life
walking in on a coworker
for pulling the Dutch oven on a rental car employee
throwing my clothes into urine.
getting myself perm-banned from my favorite subreddit
trying to properly social distance
carrying all my groceries in from the car in one trip.
being lazy when takedown Xmas lights forgetting I had canceled my Xbox Gold subscription.
playing with myself
nearly stating a fire
leaving my dab pen inside a Christian K-12 private school
jumping in a pool while my phone was in my swim shorts
forgetting my girlfriend's birthday, our two year anniversary and Valentine's Day (all of which fall on the same day) after she had got me Superbowl tickets for my birthday
at work
looking at my dad's laptop and finding gay porn...
checking my Son's laptop.
bowing to my boss
telling my brother I was getting my nipples pierced while my dad was in the room.
asking my girlfriends best friend if she had periods
sending my teacher the "Homework" folder.
eating before I took a pill, and not knowing all the medical facts.
Thanks Submissions
reading this post advocating a genocide of autistic people
feeding my gf’s cat
when I revealed my crush to my step cousin
so i just broke the glass window of my pc
taking a toddler grocery shopping
saying I love those boobs to the WhatsApp group with teachers in it.
buying a couch the same color as my cat.
I didn’t attempt to save a mass murdering dragonfly and was almost murdered by a Karen
thinking when my gf said I could “do whatever I want with her body” she meant I could do dumb shit like poke her whenever I wanted
having ADHD
posting on a buy and sell.
atempting to impress my little brother.
bumping against a person
Using My Phone Too Much
when I complimented a coworkers coat.
giving my girlfriend vodka
calling the love of my life fat
injuring myself while babysitting
trying to be Lewis and Clark and exploring a creek
getting the car stuck in mud walking in bathroom while my dad was showering
sleeping at work
wasting a lot of money because I didn't go to horny jail in time
sexting
Beating My Dad in LaserTag In front of His Office
Getting Too Competitive In A Game Of Tag
I came in class.
convincing my wife Carrie Coon played both female leads on Fargo season 3
not asking the staff at TEDi* where the playdough is
using a fake birthday
I accidentally showed my entire famliy me naked without realising it until it was to late...
sliding down a water slide with no water at the bottom
playing my music playlist at a mall
sarcastically gesturing to a drunk girl and getting peed on
crying about Batman
Making out with a cow
feeding a foster cat in the bathroom
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit! projectile crapping on my husband
deep diving on a 7 year old AskReddit thread.
watching porn with volume turned up accidentally
turning my bedroom into a fly breeding ground.
discarding an essay I wrote.
leaving a vibrator in my bf’s sink
pissing on a baby
so now I need help :/
calling 30 Taxis and a traffic jam, Also 3 Crashes
after too many lies
placing an order on Etsy
What a shame trying to scam a scammer?
sending my custom cover letter (with info about that one specific job and employer in it) to at least 10 other job applications 😨😨😨
using shampoo for jerking off
I allowed my dog to lick my pussy
being an avid redditor and turning to you guys for any and all advice
sending the wrong person a video of me doing cocaine
getting caught by my girlfriends mom.
subbing to this awful subreddit
while I was half asleep
jerking off into my little sister's panties
falling asleep during a Zoom class I have to present a presentation in.
walking in on my mom naked and telling her she has a cute butt.
not listening to my intuition and I didn't remove my ear buds before going to the bathroom
Not from today, but from my childhood
trying to make my boss more comfortable around me
confusing grape juice with wine while taking antibiotics
insulting my tattoo artist
getting high
ordering a mcdonalds
doing magic mushrooms with a closeted colleague
giving myself Soap Dick my whole entire life.
seizing a joke opportunity
mistaking R&amp;B artist Usher for "theater ushers" and dressing as the latter for Halloween thinking it would make me popular with the cool girls who were obsessed with him.
not muting myself during a training presentation for work.
forgetting about the ghost in my computer.
setting an alarm
calling myself horsecock
talking shit about a teacher's son...
blasting my SO's outfit
using a banana to pleasure myself and having to eat it because I didn’t lock my door
accidentally posting my heavy mental health rant on my snapchat story
while sleeping.
forgetting that my phone says: “Wait, put it back in” every time I unplug it from its charger...
making jalapeno poppers without clothing on
having a small white goat pull a fucking David Blaine on me and disappearing with my dogs collar and registration tags.
Shitty Situation
playing rock, paper scissors
not holding the door. Goodbye gum.
posting metal in the microwave
training my dog to eat only when I sing to her.
laughing while masturbating.
leaving cleaning supplies in the shower
Playing cards with the wrong girl
accidentally farting at work
HOW TO HACK YOUR SCHOOL GRADES
calling fire dept over skunk smell
putting vaporub in my nose to mask a bad smell
making fake Skype accounts
not knowing how babies are born
I took Ambien but didn’t sleep.
literally having the shittiest Christmas ever
wiping entire 1 tb hdd by using dd command and did not backup.
being born.
driving over a curb when someone was waiting for me to pass
playing a clicker game on my macbook.
finding family on social media
jerking it in a secluded spot.
accidently accepting a video call and having my boss watch me fuck
being a big slut in the library
seeing my actual best friends sister on a porn site that she didnt know she was on. I just cant find a way to tell her or anyone.
leading a grieving pet owner to the cadaver freezer
oversharing in my first team meeting
probably waking up everyone in my house
telling my classmates to look up an nsfw image
thinking divorce was an April Fools Gag M
By drafting a letter for my boss to Whitehouse about election fraud
showing my cousin my dick
using my flashlight that hasn’t been washed in a while.
using Draino
getting a job that was really a trap
My mom walked in on me while I was watching Hentai with the boys
ruined my relationship with my dream girl
having a beautiful night but then having a blackout and crushing my jaw
covering the interior of my car in my own shit.
trying to be professional at work
creating a rotten chicken bomb in my room.
rickrolling my crush
making a joke during my lecture
trying to guess the name of a stuffed bear.
eating pizzapops after being numbed at the dentist.
accidentally calling Emergency Services while my GF was going down on me
telling my life long crush I like her, only to find out she's lesbian
calling a coworker "boy"
not shutting my stupid mouth
taking my friends hydralite
asking my sex ed teacher how to masturbate
kissing my banker
shaving down under.
A powerful tool to show you what the future hold for you and how to welcome more
impersonating a porn star
dj christina collaboration with guitar genius christoper
showing my new landlord our sex doll
Today I fucked up by sending nudes to my roommate
getting caught cheating on my university midterm
accidentally "insulting" the principal of my dream school
not running my bike lock through my wheels
exercising in dog poop
playing fetch with my dog.
realizing I have no drive, goals or ambitions in life.
TIFU_sorry for being very dumb
getting on the wrong bus to school.
talking in my sleep
losing my sense of smell due to COVID
calling for animal control
pretending to fake an illness
dropping a F-bomb in my English online lesson hosted by my form tutor
uploading porn to my work website
not a but
outing myself
moving countries to be with my BF
attending my French class
not cashing in on my Cake Day
trying to get into a stranger’s car at the grocery store while they were in the car...
bringing poison to a party
taking my dog out for a walk.
smoking weed while talking to several police officers (weed is not fully legal here yet)
buying pistachios
accidently letting my landlord watch me cum.
not shooting my academic shot with my oral surgeon
screaming too loud and almost had police called
with a livestream on r/pan
pretending to be the tooth fairy
playing chicken with a train
Who wants to join a group chat?
dropping a FORK in a lady’s eye
assuming someone was a child...
trying to show off in front of a
left my dog on the side of the road
calling the police on my girlfriend.
Landlord gave me a fake penis
leaving my work intimates out during an oil change
telling google I’m 0 years old.
streaking for all of my neighbors.
baking a different type of cake
doing a switcheroo with my friend in virtual school.
trying to fix my work laptop and breaking it more.
possibly sacrificing my employment to post this
drinking hok-a-lougee water.
acting like a Neanderthal after getting a girlfriend
yelling at Charles Stanley.
having my volume up when watching a meme
trying to impress the guy I liked and fainting
hitting on my second cousin.
messaging a discord bot
trying to stop two little kids from running into a busy road
classic high five mistake
but became a legend too.
ruining my mom's surprise party
Tifi by explaining which is a more painful death
lying to a tinder date
bombing a math test when I have a degree in math
accidentally masturbating loudly with my family in the house. I even let out one loud moan
having experimental sexy time.
crashing my boss’ Porsche
I relapsed on an addiction
posting an explicit video on my snapchat story
forgetting to throw out a condom
Factuality of posts
getting too excited my food arrived
sending a nasty message to my grandmother
changing laundry detergents
Washing calculator before big test
not knowing how to smile for a camera when I was a kid
telling my male colleague I would “definitely de-brief” him after my meeting. I am a female. Debrief does not need a hyphen. He replied with a 😄 emoji.
needing sunglasses
not realizing Snapchat notifies a person when you screenshot anything
not watching where I was petting my cat and accidentally touching his asshole.
drafting a Tight End that was on a BYE Week
saying something inappropriate in Japanese
putting hot sauce in my coworker's drink
being betrayed by my friends and being Covid-19 positive
forgetting I made a work call from my cellphone and now someone might be hurt or there’s someone out to get me
replacing my experienced fwb for one with less because I didn’t want to pay for uber.
asking what holiday tomorrow is
sharpening a piece of metal a little too much.
Today I fucked up by being curios and going to a disgusting subreddit
crying on my girlfriend’s shoulder about my ex.
smoking weed at 4:21‬
nearly scalping myself
indirectly breaking both of my cousin’s ankles on his graduation.
calling my wife a loser.
temporarily paralyzing my friend
stepping on the snek
exposing a 4th grader to porn
Terrifying Myself
peeing into a smoothie cup :(
smoking weed after taking painkillers which have opium in them
reading a Reddit post and getting a made-up song stuck in my head FOREVER!
I hate my life so much right now
Embarassing Myself to My Apartment's Concierge
forgetting to change the salutation of a query letter
turning in a video of me moaning for my college class
using a politically incorrect term to refer to my client
NSFW:  leaving a condom on the headboard
bending my dick during rough sex
letting my brother use my discord
replacing my daughters “cat”
with my toilet
getting in a high speed police chase. BUCKLE UP ITS A LONG ONE.
telling my roommate that a Nuva Ring was a Circus Circus arcade bracelet.
giving myself a hemorrhoid while my boyfriend watched
nit checking autocorrect and turning into a predator.
Had sex with my MIL.
becoming the front page of an adult magazine
being thrown out of a lingerie store for stalking a stranger
for having a panic attack at work
getting wasted for my girlfriend’s birthday
NSFW by following my college roommate's advice
The time I almost called the Police on my Date's Mum
lying about McDonalds
trying to keep my butthole clean and instead making it even dirtier
ringing a bell and get attacked by a German Mastiff (a dog)
I fucked my 14 year old sister not my girlfriend and finished in her
almost dropping my Mom's thong in front of my 3rd grade class.
LPT  getting vape flavor on my lips
trying to roleplay in my roleplay group with my roleplay friends (on discord)
booking a trip with credit card points only to realize my passport is expired
checking my ex’s social media
You guys sometimes amaze me
forgettin to clean the f**king toilet at my workplace after taking a dump
putting my laptop charger block in my mouth, costing me $500
having sex with my gf and letting her grab my man boob.
not understanding how Presta valves work and therefore rendering my newly bought mountain bike useless
accidentally calling 911 the morning after a rave
not knowing who Kurt Cobain is
cheating.
paying $70 for a $29 haircut
OLEASE HELP
spraying Raid on my balcony
Headbutted my fiance during sex
for getting a rash because I was an idiot.
inviting my estranged brother and his girlfriend to a vacation, alongside me and my girlfriend.
Dream
trying to make food for thanksgiving
What does mean?
going to my university Tae Kwon Do class
I killed my good friend
Told a transgender person not to touch me
jumping off a metal pole. Ended with some blood.
not rating the reddit app?
glancing at my Friend's Step Mom
getting a little overzealous in bed in the middle of a pandemic
My girlfriend discovered my dark secret and weird fetish
sticking my tongue out at a teacher
trusting my wife
and lied about my age at work.
I searched up nsfw content on my school account
while teaching English
Farted on FaceTime with my boyfriend
laughing too hard while climaxing
accidentally deleting my favorite game as soon as a school break starts
falling asleep and ripping a humongous fart during a massage session.
By texting a girl that " i thought you wanted to fuck with me"
purchasing the wrong deodorant
making a stranger think I was shitting on the ground
My teacher heard
accidentally left my mom’s sunroof open.
taking a tab of acid and getting Smoothie King
putting myself in an incredibly stupid and embarrassing situation for a girl I have a crush on.
throwing up on my dog during a walk
when my puppy ate a sex toy
wearing a face mask
Boasting About My New Airpods
being too depressed for my s/o
starting stuff in r/gamegrumps for no reason.
sending a highly disrespectful email to a Major in the military **UPDATE**
literally waking up on the wrong side of the bed.
not realising a girl was flirting with me
making my computer science professor think I was hiding porn from him
finding... someone I know irl on a kink site
being a possible racist threat to one of my black neighbors, but really just a huge oblivious idiot.
trying to enter my garage.
cleaning my THC vape cartridge
getting caught by my friends stepmom
not doing my college classes
breaking up my mom's 20 year marriage
saying “my condolences.”
drinking alcoholNot my FU but a close friend). Had a beach party at Huntington that ended 3 hours ago. Freind shows up at 11:30 pm at the wrong beach, wondering where we are. Conversation below.
cooking bolognese sauce for spaghetti and almost burning my kitchen down
chewing a bottle cap
asking my mom to help me look for my glasses
being impatient and wanting to eat in a hurry
blasting porn through the outside speakers at my trailer park.
e
breaking my maths teachers high-tech pen
getting drunk, consuming magic mushrooms, and ruining my new laptop
Tofu by picking up the wrong snake 🐍
attempting to rescue a shrew
TIFUpdate: Back home from the ER.
getting so drunk I pissed in the floor.
snooping on LinkedIn
letting my colourblind brother rewire a plug
almost poisoning myself
not breaking the phone of woman i have killed.
taking a massive bong hit in order to impress a guy I liked and fainting
asking my husband to take our sink off
breaking a key
IFU by being gullible online
being horny, unhygienic...
taking too much nyquil and eating brownies that were actually edibles
taking a nicotine pouch.
because I broke my favorite mug my girlfriend gave me for our first Christmas together
coming out accidentally
trying to find a way to take ibuprofen and accidentally getting high instead and sleeping for 13 hours straight.
bringing my pet Raven to my friends house while he was high.
walking in on a dude naked.
attacking my doctor with my pants off
telling my mom I’ve smoked weed before before my sister could snitch.
ordering a “Thai-spicy” dish
letting the bass player/keyboardist use his ipod during set break
almost committing incest with my cousin
trying to clip my toenails
punching my man in the nuts
find out my crush from school who I thought I had no chance with liked me.
Coca-Cola Promotion
making fun of a wrecked ATV, not knowing there was a women underneath who died in the crash
accidentally unmuting myself while I took a personal call while on a conference call.
Not today, but Jan 1) by driving into a telephone pole on NYD, just 2 minutes after the ball dropped.
not me, but my friend)
using old toothpaste every time I travelled
speeding after I lost my job
Accidentally bodyshamed others.
not paying enough attention to a 6'8" naked inmate.
having sex before my flight
getting kicked out of my boarding school for giving drugs to a friend
witnessing a brutal murder and almost getting shot myself
I heard a minivan hit a bicyclist today
sending an image with porn, while making a presentation.
coughing in my first class back since coronavirus lockdown.
I got a smoothie instead of frozen yogurt
getting a massive boner at work
being a petty and horrible older brother
being in the car with my dad and his girlfriend.
accidentally suggesting life was cheaper/ easier under slavery to my black coworkers.
warming up my Desiel truck in the driveway while my (65F) Landlords window was open and now I am getting kicked out
sending my 14yo who is in residential for anxiety/depression/suicidal idealization and possible borderline traits a book about kids who are institutionalized and commint suicide to get out.
messing with my phone screen
trying to use a dick pump to pull wax out of my ear
when I got a nail stuck in-between my teeth
wearing pants that were a size too big :/
writing my downstairs neighbor a note and leaving it at their door
showering with a bidet (shattaf)
getting to close to a skunk and getting sprayed
doing a 10 Mile Run with a dodgy tummy
shit-talking a class in front of the teacher
changing one small thing before my presentation at work
almost failing just Jesus Januaray with a...
forgetting about the thermos with hot chocolate....
telling a friend I can't help him promote and sell some products using my Facebook page
saying "You look tired"
calling the suicide hotline on my shift two weeks ago. I was fired for it.
Stuff
TIFI, Pokemon Go Naked
hooking up with an obviously crazy girl
accidentally saying something sexist about my sex
mistaking a toupee for a bad haircut
burning down the nursery
Going to Lunch With My Ex
getting a birthday present
Beware: Silicon Ear Plugs
Farting whilst Cumming
almost causing my mom to commit suicide
eating a kit kat on a mesh chair
UPDATE] Telling my Dad about the Karen meme... again
replying to a buyer on Craigslist with an alternative email
destroying a boat and a building with my jeans and the domino effect.
making videogame
I took shrooms for the first time and half of me literally died.
taking an Amazon caffine pill before an exam
waking up my 13yo neighbor
and got my ass handed to me by a girl
getting addicted to reddit.
I asked my teacher what's "masturbation" and "porn"
Marshmallow burns
putting on a fake moustache checking Reddit’s “Popular.”
throwing away my mom's xmas gift
getting drunk, eating McDonalds and subsequently vomiting in a moving vehicle
trying to buy premium Snapchat
accidentally implying to my crush that I wanted to touch her
letting my wife cut my hair
buying a stolen trailer
travelling during a hangover
putting on a show for my BF's dad
smashing my phone on the side of my bed
showing naughty images to my zoom call.
inhaling baby cockroaches
staying subbed
masturbating after having touched chilly peppers....
No Homo
After I almost got hit, I still kept at it
not being able to tell the time
flushing away my cup
eating a bag of Cheesy Snakes I brought home from work.
writing an e-mail as "the zintle"
Just concerned for my mom's health and then she called me a fat shamer
pissing my pants right before a meeting with my boss to get fired
Yeah apparently I posted a topless photo to my snap story by accident
baking with rat poison in the oven
Emberassing Myself In Zoology With The Dumbest Question Ever -
giving my job a bad name on my Facebook.
crashing my fathers car
ripping my nutsack open, requiring 13 stitches
Today I Fucked Up By Trying to Introduce Myself.
going in a date cause she said she’d blow me
jumping on ground that was actually mud and ruined all my clothes
GGGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
because of a cool shirt
for kicking out a roommate who told everyone about my private life?
performing a Mortal Kombat finishing move on my girlfriend...
ruining my gfs ear piercings forever
NSFW* by leaving the condom in my girl
realizing my parents donated something special that my girlfriend gave them to “ borrow “.
running 3 miles in air forces without socks
turning up to my birthday meal on the wrong day
screwing my coworker
not knocking on the bathroom door.
trying to clear some bush.
"saving" my phone
teaching my rabbit how to use a bell to let me know he wants a treat
drinking a whole gallon of eggnog
be throwing a victory salute in court.
appearing to be orchestrating a hospital bombing attack
going to old reddit, leaving r/all open on my computer, and making my 78 y/o mother think I was a closeted lesbian with a serious porn problem
unknowingly clicking a p**nographic subreddit
putting red lipstick on
bringing a hand blender to school
My wife nearly died during the birth of my son three months ago. He was born very premature and he’s had some physical challenges. We took him on his first flight and he was really well behaved. What did I choose to watch? Finding Nemo.
doing CPR on a conscious kid.
giving out my money to an internet stranger again.
locking myself naked outside while streaking (22M)
almost getting a DUI and watching my friend stab himself in the testicles
trying to fry an egg on the sidewalk
being isolated from the world
calling my teacher “mom” in front of my crush
dropping my first motorcycle within 20 minutes of picking it up from the dealership
getting my dick stuck in a Gatorade bottle
but exposing to the internet that i’m a girl
Uploaded a project file which I named "project blyat.pdf" thinking the name would change when uploaded... it did not and my teacher apparently understands Russian.
Wrong drink
thinking my period gave a final round while in reality the condom broke tearing my labia in the process
as a white 30yo calling two black elderly men boy
having a naked brawl in my dorm room and permanently scarring my history teacher.
texting my coworker 'Congrats', after he was fired
by crawling under a car for my pizzas
giving a box of chocolates
leaving the bathroom door unlocked
getting unnecessarily aggressive toward a gym goer used a machine when I was not yet done using it
underestimating flex tape
expressing my honest opinions in a specific subreddit
calling my landlord “baby girl”
Getting way too drunk and having my first kiss.
playing Badminton
getting blackout drunk in front of my family on christmas eve
eating my sister’s crust.
also teaching my toddler about kissing things better
not going for a walk this morning, and ending up in the ER, gasping for air, and thinking that I was going to die
throwing a whole pint of milk all over myself.
signing up for a premade food delivery service
getting married (as a surprise) during my friends wedding reception.
forgetting that there were unwrapped chocolate bars in my pant pockets.
playing hide and seek on my dead aunt's house
assuming what acronyms mean
Sent an inappropriate Reddit to a group text!!
seeing a girl that I thought looked cute from far, but realized she was underage as she got closer.
opening a photo folder at work
not beliving in myself
Putting A Camera In My Room
accidentally playing with my surgical incision sites
LPT by sounding like a pedophile
being in a sub with gallow
I played The Sims 4 Wicked Whims with an open window
crashing a forklift I wasn't licensed to drive into the back of a company van.
posting something making fun of pedophilia in topmindsofreddit
telling my Sign Language teacher I wanted to eat her out in front of the class.
getting sexual at my girlfriend’s house
sending my boss something that was not meant for him
stealing neighbors dog
brushing my teeth with the lights off
adding my wife to a niche porn group while I’m the bathroom
dating someone considerably younger than me.
wrongly turning in 4 online corona school assignments
Getting mad at deaf kids
passing gas in a strangers face
smoking too much weed before heading out into the apocalypse.
bu clogging an already clogged toilet
forgetting I was on the bus and forcing out a rancid belch from behind
getting an 8 year old to swear
not checking the bag
changing my store managers password for his work account login to QueefQueen69696.
killing two mice in surgery and wasting lentivirus, costing my lab thousands of dollars.
posting a Harley Quinn makeup selfie cutting my hairs a little too far with my facial hair trimmer.
telling my girlfriend to watch porn
not beeing on instagram and missing the opportunity of my life.
breaking a guitar string
getting a completely unnecessary, totally avoidable written warning on the job
playing with kids at a party.
and accidentally got stuck in my new sex swing that me and my girlfriend bought
taking things too fast
making a weed run in an old car
not cleaning my browser history.
lying about being gay
not taking my foot away when the guy sitting in front of me in English class was stepping on it lightly
cooking chili beans and getting horny (NSFW) forgetting what my landlady looks like and telling her to "come visit some time".
bringing my newborn into the bathroom with me
not proofreading my essay before turning it in.
waving at a fellow driver
accidentally calling my dad during sex
mistaking what a cold sore was at the dentist
Dear Stranger. can you say Happy B-day to me?
getting an accidental semi-blumpkin
trying to throw a crab at my dogs
not listening to online tips and naming my cat after food
asking my mother in law if she was horny.
sending a girl I met online a bunch of pictures of herself.
squinting at everyone
shooting off my balls
The needle is gone! Early morning Big Drama Show.
Letting one go in a small tiny room
ordering Poutine (Yes I'm canadian) while waiting for my covid test results.
telling my MIL I will eat my wife out for lunch...
thinking i was muted in my Zoom Lecture and called my Professor a son of a bitch in front of 150 people
blowing up a bathroom stall next to my regional manager
accidentally saying my FIL name during sex
The Forest of Feces (or how I can’t control my stomach)
(possibly/probably) shutting down the new Rise of the Resistance ride at Disney World
not realizing that my gpu was bottlenecked for the last 3.5 years
making Indian Food after spending a week away from my girlfriend.
14y Stepdaughter nip slip
getting defensive about a picture of my boyfriend and another girl
opening the wrong drawer and seeing my mother’s monster sized dildo
eating an unknown chili
sending a sexual message to my dad by accident
Playing Tag
mixing up dates.
I fell out of the car at my sister’s wedding
finding this subreddit
hitting my boyfriend in front of his whole family
drinking a refreshing glass of diet coke and consequently returning from the dead
putting candles in my dick and lighting them
doing the nae nae infront of my class naked.
not wanting to read a book
a
snooping on my friend's reddit
I ruined our Senior Trip to the Bahamas.
Cake day!
my mum found a condom wrapper under my bed (nsfw)
telling my little cousin that he has real super powers like Batman which led to him jumping from the balcony.
making up an imaginary person and talking about him in front of a guy with the same name
scaling 3 stories, scaring my mom in the shower and getting a beating
wanting to cook a specific meal
leaving my friend alone at a water park, causing my Dad to go into NUCLEAR rage
getting banned on main account for 3 days
putting a price of key lime pie in my pocket.
I didn’t know where else to put this so if anyone can tell me, Pls do so
eavesdropping on a conversation and learned about my mom's poop stick.
for letting my shoelaces untied on purpose, then forgot about it
a phone call
making a waitress cry
uploading dick pics for my son's homework
My Best Friend Trying to Blow Me
not admitting the obvious
falppping after eating a hot pepper
I died today
asking a paraplegic if their shoes were comfortable
ruining my future education by being ignorant
accidentally lying to my mom and stepdad.
threatening to kill my boss...
posting my only fans in here 🤣🤣 sorry not sorry 😬
eating a whole bag of sugar-free gummy bears
Buying flowers two times
throwing a Starburst at some guy’s head in a movie theatre
I’m too helpful
almost drowning while trying to save a baby bird
asking for a reversible octopus plush at secret Santa on my work place
making it rain sex toys
accidentally sending my classmates my “homework” folder instead of the actual homework reference folder
being in a casual, regular situation with a friend who actively dates, and now I’ve cornered myself in a lose-lose situation.
forgetting how genes work.
setting my apartment complex building on fire
smoking a joint and clogging the toilet
ordering some flowers
today i fucked up by getting caught having sex by my dad
wasting my money on a sub
taking someone else’s cart at Costco. not knowing laser printer toner was powder and not ink
not knowing the feeling of having hair in my face.
I mixed up the names of two indian co-workers who look nothing alike
ruining thanksgiving.
making coffee stained paper.
paying $80 for an online class
assuming that the burner wasn’t hot
not liking my today-to-be-bride's make-up
forgetting my mic was on and having a breakdown in online class
finding a Christmas present early.
spilling 30 gallons of tea at a restaurant.
introducing my husband by my Ex husband's name.
saying the (mostly remote) designer at work with strabismus (cockeyed) “Just doesn’t have the eye.”
using liquid bandage on my genitals NSFW
running through a vape cloud by accident. I am now scared shitless by the possibility of Coronavirus.
Who else doesn't know what tf a is... No just me?
handing an MP a medical marijuana card to get onto a military post
contracting herpes from a 4 year old
leaving my shit-stained underwear in the bathroom and letting my friend take the blame for it forcing him to transfer schools.
eating most of a Starbucks cheese spread with a Frappuccino for lunch at work.
telling my friend I thought he was annoying when we first met.
not telling my friend when a jump scare was coming
Haircut in the Hood
not turning on the light to brush my teeth.
flushing a vape down the toilet
eating a gummy.
....buying a sex toy on amazon
looking at my dad's camera roll on his phone
masturbating after coming home
getting high and sick at work
making gay furry jokes in front of my gay furry friend
accidentally giving the finger to the bosses at a job interview multiple times
leaving the company’s car vehicle‘s lights on overnight and killing the battery
My (17F) mom (52 F) thinks I am horny
telling a group of Christians that God can suck my d*ck
Accidentally Stealing Baby Food (Short)
my relationship possibly by drying my balls with the towel my wife's grandmother had given her before dying.
punching someone I thought was my friend
playing adult sounds (from PH) on loud volume
having my alarm go off during a moment of silence in a Veteran's Day assembly.
trying out trying out Copic markers in a coloring book
trusting a used car salesman
having skin tags and a kitten
blowing my nose in the bathroom. NSFW just in case
believing I had herpes for 6 months
expressing my feelings to my parents.
telling my nana to stroke it.
smoking a cigarette after quitting over 2 years ago.
overestimated my tech skills and bricking my joycons
Crashing a forklift into a thousand boxes
swearing like a sailor in front of my entire class
PROBABLY dropping a condom in my GF's parents home.
DON’T USE CLOROX WIPES ON YOUR BUTT!!
leaving a $70 bottle of bourbon in my car on a hot day
forgetting my cat was sleeping behind my computer chair...
accidentally finding my mothers old nudes
microwaving popcorn to the point it catches fire
making my dad think I had a threesome with a guy from my school
videochatting with my(24M) wife(27F)
using Delta-8 for the first time and not knowing its effects
getting to drunk
I confessed my secret to someone I should’ve have
Untrusted Partner Caught
trying to have sex after a septoplasty and a turbinate reduction
not shaving properly
mixing weed with mangos and almost dying
doing shrooms for the first time going to the toilet after cooking with hot peppers
reaching earlier at my gf's place than I've told.
not learning from my previous
javcking off
Can you vote? (Please)
dropping the soap.
joking about things that you should not joke about
parking where I should have parked..
not eating at home
T(2weeks)IFU by losing 2k on online poker...
picking a wedgie.
going in for a kiss with someone who had no interest.
taking such long baths my mom thinks I’m masterbating
trying to make macarons.
farting in my shed, louder than thunder.
begging the moon goddess for true love on the peak of a full super moon.
talking to a weird girl and nearly arrested
going on a tinder date with a Nazi
accidentally stealing 12 bottles of wine from the supermarket
accidentally showing my mom porn on Reddit.
calling my boss my sugardaddy
telling someone that she'll be fired in a week and someone is going to take her seat.
waking up and going downstairs nearly naked into a room of guests.
smelling a rose and avoiding an imaginary drive-by shooting
forgetting to put on sunblock
using the English expression "per se" in Finnish
killing my sims via masturbation.
Cổng xếp inox, cổng xếp tự động- Trúng thẩu tại nhà máy Toàn Mỹ- Cần Thơ
mutilated my face with a dirty rust stained....
taking a drink from my cup
joking about a pets death
listening to The Kinks.
PRETENDING I HAD MASTURBATED
destroying my chance of getting into law enforcement
summoning a demon Adele
talking shit about an employee when my mic was not on mute.
being ignorant of my camera being on in Teams.
giving my cousin a piggy back ride
tailgating the VP
accidentally threatening to rape my teacher.
making everything a race with my kid
smashing a pimple against my desk.
starting a meeting saying “things are really looking up!!! :D ”, forgetting a colleague died yesterday
Should've left it alone
going to work on a weekend.
spending $100 more on a vaporizer
not unclogging the toilet that I stopped up
giving my two year old “coffee”
Drank like a college kid, disrespected my family, lost a few prized possessions.
taking my phone for a swim.
shoving my brother.
pointing out a new nickname for my friend’s newborn son
realising ive been in love with my best friend for years, and its all to late
tried to be funny with moaning earrape.
leaving my bedroom door open thus allowing my puppy to run off with my anal douche
putting a half drank jug of water in a homeless mans case.
not listening to a nurse at my gynecologist's office.
Anyone got an app idea that have not exist yet but it should ?
scratching my sunburn
rescuing my dog
sharting all over my mother-in-law
asking a colleague to speak Spanish in Central America.
being a bad parent
accidentally showing my dad a porno comic
My mic was unmuted during my class.
Left my lunch at the house and only had one type of consumable....Left my lunch at the house and only had one type of consumable...
mixing up my social groups at work...BADLY
Power Wank
smoking in my dads house
rubbing my Cock-nut oil on my hair
reactivating my cardmarket account...
wiping my ass with ants
masturbating after cutting habanero peppers
cussing out my entire class on zoom
asking my doctor about his pubes
shouldn’t have trusted a fart../
locking myself out of my apartment
giving my family presents
sanding half my finger off
trying to spruce up my sons guitar before his first day of school.
putting on cologne and perfume at the same time
brushing my teeth with household bleach
texting my mom a link to a kinky subreddit
not wearing my glasses and almost groping my bfs dad
getting distracted by college applications and almost killing myself
accidentally sending a swear word to my co-worker's daughter
shaving my butthole
telling my step niece I thought she was hot, like sexy hot. Biggest thing is I do think she is cute, sober, but I am fuckin 28yo and she is 17 currently. I feel like a creep, and fucked shit up
showing my dad my new phone
taking my meds with a glass of water
ruining my wifes orgasem
spraying PB blaster in my bathroom
writing my ex while drunk
forgetting tea has caffeine
lighting my HAIR ON FIRE
scratching up my foreskin
thinking my sons flight was landing tomorrow night
not turning my bluetooth off while watching porn
applying for a Macy's credit card for the 20% discount
cleaning the kitty litter and accidentally releasing a toxic cloud of used cat piss soaked litter
not realizing a girl was asking me out.
dropping my airpod into a tikka masala
Not Knowing What "Fingering" Was
trying to look up to the screen problem in my phone
baking a toaster.
accidentally flashing my boob and squirting the delivery man
beating Minecraft for the first time in my life and not getting the achievements due to not being connected to the internet
leaving a dildo out while prepping for a house inspection
Cleaning My Supply Building switching jobs and getting threatened by the mafia
turning on my hotspot
making a police officer think I had heroin in my car.
moving a couch and folding half my toe tail
jokingly telling my friend I was gay.
using a bidet when I had the runs
I forgot how to do basic math.....
hitting the gas pedal.
accidentally swearing over my uni lecturer thinking i had muted my mic
eating french bread
sending my manager cropped faces of me and my identical twin
accidentally changing my skin color. inviting a mutual friend to a Friendsgiving
Ruined a great budding relationship with bad sex
cutting peppers and touching my nuts
answering the door without checking who was there
mismanaging the schedule in a massage parlor (I get yelled at)
confessing my feelings for a girl
At my friend's dad funeral one of our friends wispered a joke to us it was so funny we couldn't hold our laughs even the one who lost his dad. So yeah! There were a group of 10 highschoolers that were laughing uncontrollably at the funeral.
deleting my tinder instead of deactivating it
neglecting by diet while fasting
hotboxing in a parked car at a dead end.
getting drunk enough to make really stupid comments.
Today I fucked up by going to the restroom
getting over-excited and throwing money out of the plane (at least, that's how I see it)
By thinking someone would do the right thing...
having sex in West Virginia.
exposing the amount of porn i watched to most of the school.
flirting with a gay guy
laughing about a tale in wich a girl died a horrible death in front of my class of todlers
almost giving my mother penis pills
thinking a racial slur would be a cute name for a cat.
making my boyfriend buy a ginger root and he got charged with paraphenalia
pissing in a hotel plant pot
eating a platter from the Flying Biscuit
using a fake ID in small hometown
butt dialing my landlord
asking what day Super Tuesday is.
calling my teacher a boomer
I was 34 euros short on my second day as cashier
ruining my gay Friends relationship by playing minecraft with them
driving in the snow
not locking my bathroom door. throwing away $400 worth of shirts
getting a dating app to show up on my tv device
Failed tinder first experience
making a dirty joke in front of my kids
TW] by finding/deleting voice recordings of when I was molested.
texting a pic of my cock to my mom
using soap bars wrong my entire life.
forgetting which bicycle I was riding
forgetting to grab my food.
with an air compressor in the bedroom
cause my girlfriend caught me having sex with a stuffed an*mal
leaving the sink full and leaving a trashbag in the bathroom
not knowing that some men have vaginas, and hurt my boyfriends feelings terribly.
I shit my pants at my boyfriend's house in front of him ;-;
not knowing what toss your salad means...
blasting Toto Africa in my school gym
Being Unable To Hold In A Fart (NSFW)
telling my 8 year old nephew the meaning of periods.
being horny.
playing with myself in a bus station bathroom
Hi baby I'm looking honest man I'm single girl you Add me snap userna_____deva80098
making an ex co-worker think that I'll have sex for money!
asking a man with one arm if he wanted a hand
procrastinating until it was too late
kicked the wall in my house in anger because of loud neighbors
Dad may have seen dick on my phone
dreaming
carrying a baby at work with Covid
eating spicy chili and making all my coworkers think I have COVID
Today i fucked up and got scammed
breaking into a flat to have sex with my GF.
WEARING MY THONG TOO HIGH ON MY WAIST
dressing like a punk for a job interview, and then getting abducted
almost flashing my entire gym
using a smelly bathroom (nsfw)
rejuvenating myself
having sex with a pretty girl
singing a lease that is gonna cost me 10k
coming to this subreddit.
Pleased to meet you... Crushes hand.
not knowing that Victoria’s Secret is only a lingerie store
complaining about stickers and ended up almost getting my butt beat.
storing pop on top of my TV/ entertainment center, and covering my whole room in pop.
sleeping with my airpods
accidentally being a racist skinhead
not cleaning my house before a woman came in
whacking my balls with a fiber glass pole in front of my crush
showing up in a bra during my online lecture
giving my sister Vitamin C to protect her from COVID during her first day at work
saying that nazis could've killed more jews
defending white
sex
accidentally telling my dad I’ve had chlamydia
working too much and missing my potential soulmate...then getting a traffic ticket
trying Acid for science
not flushing the toilet.
I wrote my teacher hate mail and was disrespectful to her, and nearly got suspended.
asking my crush's friend out instead of her
cock blocking (clam jamming?) myself with my One Who Got Away
losing a couple of hundred dollars and then refusing to accept a stranger returning it.
almost ruining my dads work laptop
doing star jumps and giving myself the mother of all headaches.
bringing a box of 50 rubber babies to my school
sleeping with my best friends girlfriend
trying to surprise my Boyfriend and accidentally flashing his parents in the process...
spilling a whole gallon of dish detergent in my car
standing my brand new PS5 on a Tall but small Table and not on the floor
impaling my butt with a ceramic rabbit
for choosing my girlfriend over my homie
backing up a memory stick to my cloud storage at work
making walking more painful than it really was.
Drove my Mustang in snow and crashed
getting angry at a girl for wanting my Ice Cream (she was flirting)
smashing my husbands head into a wall and making his already tweaked neck worse
calling my wife "a 10"
leaving the bathroom door open while my boyfriend was showering. NSFW
wearing a see-through shirt to work
going to an interview &amp; being not ready/ or maybe too ready
hitting my goal
because 500 karma points CANNOT buy a gold
searching up hentai
saying fuck
letting an IT guy at work fix a problem I was having on my phone
having losing my virginity and possibly screwed for 18 years.
Exorcist puking at a hang out with my coworker
a MRI scan by having a dark sense of humour, that poor med tech.
falling in love with a guy who doesn’t love me
Regretted losing my vaginity to a hook up
not being able to hear
facetiming my cousin during class.
calling my girlfriend PHAT
making a WW2 joke in Manchester
getting a COVID antibody test
i was fooling around with my married colleague at work
not preparing for a midnight bathroom excursion.
flossing
TIFUpdate: Admitted to the ER again.
BURNED MY VAG WITH NAIR (HELP!!)
accidentally coming out to my friends while chatting about fetishes and porn guiltily pleasures
not wearing a mask 24/7 outside of my home.
attempting to do a handstand
Shaking Hands With a Quadriplegic
browsing gonewild
overestimating my alcohol and weed tolerance on a 2nd date, which lead to a toilet dive.
accidentally exposing my secret tatoo to my parents and extended family at my counsin’s wedding
burning the crap out of my thumb
bigtime
giving a farmer directions, killing him, and traumatizing myself for the rest of my life.
not supporting my friend
figuring out my partner's username.
sexting while my boyfriend was sharing his screen
letting cat outside in the snow
trying to grab my new videogame after a shower
showing myself naked online with my face
accidentally bringing 4 knives through TSA.
but do I just move on or keep fighting for him
accidentally telling my coworker i have a small penis "overdosing" on Marijuana to avoid calories.
watching chickens rail cocaine and losing my innocence.
ruining my own surprise party
taking a job in Fast Food Hell...
buttplug
shielding my sons eyes from seeing his naked step father.
clicking double click on a post
Today I fucked up by accidentally kicking my 1 and half year old brother
displaying severe mistrust for cooking instructions.
watching “the rocky horror picture show”
getting Ghost Pepper directly on my Ass Hole.
school pc
antagonizing white supremacists and now they are threatening to sue me
getting drunk
adding to my weird and gross group chat in public
LPT:  not discussing skin color with my toddler
taking a stroll down memory lane.
getting caught madturbating by my dad
buying AMC stock
cutting my baby hairs
trying to help a homeless man in the alley behind my apartment.
losing my massive dildo for months until my younger sister finds it.
listening to the cure at work.
having a South Park ringtone
TIFY by impregnating a watermelon
couple days ago actually. I’m unsure what I should do.
I really fucked up
Before going to bed at 3am I had to set an alarm for 9am. Mistakingly I activated my usual 6:30am alarm. Today is a Saturday.
yelling what sounded like a racial slur at Disney World
calling my MIL and her friend a fat ass bitch
telling some girls that I am closely related to monkeys
hacking on Minecraft.
moving a sofa with my little sisters boyfriend
Berevarment too soon
for showing off my nudes to my Elementary school Gym Teacher (COPS INVOLVED)
going to the bathroom with a leg that was asleep
not opening the oven for 2 weeks...
wasting hours on the internet looking for drinking water information in the "Tennessee agreement"
showing my friend’s sister an inappropriate joke
not emailing my professor earlier.
Convincing My Friend's Father By Mistake a Toy Was Mine When it Actually Wasn't.
inadvertently sexually harassing my coworker.
using my "femenin" lips to catfish on a dating app
accidentally joining a zoom call
trying to make a cat paw collage and almost dying because of my cat.
not paying attention to .net instead of .com
This doesn't happen to 25 Year Olds getting Jayy Von Monroe (and a few other celebrities) to block me on Instagram
offering a big stuffed yellow unicorn to a random kid in the store
showing my headteacher a meme
NSFW My GF used the well-done Olive Garden breadsticks to pleasure herself at dinner
not turning my engine over after replacing the battery in my key
eating a sandwich of ants
banging my married cousin and blasting porn on my parents bluetooth speakers while being poisoned by carbon monoxide and now my phone is stuck up my ass despite having explosive diarhea for two days because of the gas station dick pills I took after my mom found my "special coconut"
spending our supposed to be Christmas budget for a motorcycle ticket
How I almost blew off my finger
Sorry
telling someone to eat a dick.
making a cursed comment and getting hated on
being happy it was my birthday
ignoring my friend which resulted in walking past a football player who plays for the team we support.
helping a local drug dealer.
going to the bathroom and experiencing the worst scare of my life so far.
trying to help a caterpillar
telling my parents I have no school cuz corona
missing 27 homework assignments, 2 module exams, and for forgetting to take my final exam
disturbing my mental peace
I stepped on my ceiling fan
saying a man's doppelganger was Jeffrey Dahmer
trusting my wife to be the Christmas DJ.
Qdoba Mixup
dropping my vape in a public toilet, then trying to use it again
This subreddit has become garbage fake NSFW posts by horny teenagers
sending my mom a Mother’s Day card
letting my son have nappy off time
Sending My Elementary Teacher My NSFW ASMR Collection
exposing my porn collection to my lab partners.
Lost Garrett
Did't check my google slides day before presenting
drinking a double shot of espresso the day before I move into college
smuggling illegal drugs into my country and giving them to my coworkers...
letting my friend come over
wearing a g-string to work.
swearing in front of my toddler.
getting caught drunk and breaking and entering
By letting my ex-wife go when she wanted to fix things
insisting that 1 trillion lions could kill the sun
taking 3 of my ADHD pills amd now i cant have an erection nor sleep
during sex
for pissing in my brothers face
having a weird ass sexual fantasy
leaving a dildo out while a workman was. Over then sent him a text about it.
trying to take out my trash &amp; it ended up taking me out
ruining my bestfriends bed
for forgetting to put back dangerous chemicals and meeting a friend who licked it
using oil down there
Well it’s 5am rn what can I expect
singing unnoticed
X All The Y
trying to skip school
failing an exam in a class I didn’t have to retake
farting to try to comfort a hook up I was with, because she farted too, but little did I know it was actually a queef.
asking the entire class if anyone had underwear to lend me
spending on scratchies
not taking the hint.
punched an older lady in the face
I Almost Died
Mistaking Laundry Pods for Dishwashing Pods.
drinking eggnog
asking my roommate how he would feel if I snitched on him to his parents... but his parents are dead.
running with my dog
getting nearly 10+ coworkers suspended or fired.
teaching the neighbor kid how to skateboard.
sending a 3am, 12 paragraph email to my student's parent about dangers to society if "virtual, remote learning" becomes the norm.
My dad got lost
buying my Fiance a $2000 Daylily
playing football 2 hours before a job interview
Unknowingly Starring in a Porno in the Hallway of a Bangkok Hotel
Today I fucked up by ranting on Facebook
making my younger siblings watch a murder show.
around an hour ago I accidentally post an IG story of me and my friends smoking
forgetting I bought milk.
removing my sister's wedding photos from my mum's hard drive
chasing students down a hallway
eating an effervescent tablet
sending the wrong text to the wrong person at the wrong time
thinking I’m too young to have low back pain
playing with my dog
drinking Pepsi
not noticing the empty sauce bowl.
opening a water bottle during my online class
essentially getting fired for unknowingly having an R rated reddit sub open on my phone
shotgunning myself with popcorn.
I’m allergic to cats
shouting f u to an entire class
being really excited about a job offer.
stuttering in class
seeing our handyman using my bathroom
spending too much on onlyfans
going to my friends birthday party
sharting in the shower
not knowing how to close the chimney
telling someone the bathroom smell was my fault
ignoring my uncle and being rude to him when I thought he was my brother
leaving my door open.
being too lazy to walk and asking my GF's father for a ride home
trying to hold my cat
Automated voices
not bringing in date mail to a permit test
not plugging my earphones good enough
fapping with deodorant nearby
I’ll never tangle with a shave gel can again!
jackong off to incest porn
letting my dad see me throw away his junk.
BeeNetwork bee.com bee money code fe7v
implying that my teacher had COVID-19
showing off my Kindle. At the library. Where I was interviewing.
forgetting to check my work schedule
trolling in online class.
buying something online
Streaming porn on tv
Today I fucked up by snowboarding with a ski pole
wanting to take pictures of nature and proceeded to almost get bit by a cottonmouth for my stupidity pics.
having a headache
telling some guy I had kids
falling into the bathtub while cleaning my cats dirty butt. Yes, you read that right.
asking my brother if he likes enchiladas
Long time stalker but never commented.. Until tonight
I Accidentally Sent Incest Porn to My Mother Update
sexting a guy... my snores.
forgetting my girlfriend's birthday and giving her attitude instead
doing drugs like an idiot.Something That Happened 8 Years Ago
insulting my coworker's face for an hour straight without knowing it
getting overboard drunk last night and has divulged information to my fiance that I never meant to let him know, at least not on that particular depth. I was still a bit tipsy today so whatever was started last night kind of continued today but now that I've sobered up, I regret all of it.
having a cum t-shirt and leaving it out in the open
inviting a homeless stranger into my home
LPT  almost getting arrested at school
resetting my Pokémon Save File
confronting my boyfriend who kept secretly bringing sticks of butter into the bathroom for an hour or more and coming out without the butter.
trimming my own toenails wrong at 5 years old
being choked.
using a fake cable
This has probably already been done and posted but  accidentally double tap liking a post on a girls Instagram page that I matched with on Hinge. It was an old photograph, and I don't follow her.
opening my son’s art supply box and saw more than art supplies
A Big "Oh Shit" Moment at Work Because of Me
i feel like i will never mature thats ok right
meeting my GF's parents
couponing
Am I overreacting?
As an Irishman visiting Papau New Guinea. Myself and my Norwegian girlfriend scared a tribe of native Papauns, who believed we were ghosts due to our extra pale skin and blue eyes.
accidentally getting really high.
telling all my friends that im not a virgin
comparing my pregnant wife to beef brisket
forgetting I left patio door open then kicking the cat down the stairs
freaking out on someone over “scamming me” on freakin’ Animal Crossing NH
talking about someone's looks
trying to meet someone I only chatted online with
not advocating for myself at the dentist entering an abandoned cinema that caught fire.
accidently super-liking my straight friend on tinder
telling my girlfriend i’m not interested in the gift she got for me for christmas.
almost causing accident
running and annihilating my back
loading Call of Duty Cold War on my wedding day
Fuck im screwed
turning on the dishwasher without checking for the ice cream scoop first
almost stabbing/piercing myself with a scissors tip from one edge
not thoroughly examining my gym bag
fapping too much and infecting my d
stumbling over my words in the worst way
having sexy times with man
I accidentally shit my pants while trying to fart at school.
when people dont get my sarcastic comment.
forgetting I was having groceries delivered and consequently traumatising the delivery driver.
parking my recovered stolen car in the same garage it was taken from
almost blinding my girlfriend.
I smoked Vyvanse soaked in poppers...my worst mistake.
being too horny with the wrong person
being too personal on my discussion board assignment
getting so high and so aroused that I injured myself trying to release the beast
thinking with my dick and getting robbed for 20 bucks...twice
tasting my own cum
Grabbing A Hot Donut
interfering with my mom’s stuff.
impersonating my friend
walking in on people having sex
putting off lunch and ended up awkwardly gatecrashing an office party.
trying to jacm off...
not clearing my history before going to bed
trying to mask bad coffee
putting a pen in my mouth
losing my phone to the lake
denying a blowjob from one of my best friends.
wanting Taco's on New Year's Eve
going onto my balcony to check out the hail damage
sending my dad dragon porn.
getting a permanent ban from r/teenagers discord.
Today I got unfucked up when my wife informed me after two years of looking at this sub, that it is not entitled “think I fucked up”.
spending my formative years eating apples like an animal
for taking my new GF and ex to eat out together
sending my crypto to the wrong network
telling my dogs that their dead master had come back from the grave to feed them breakfast!
accidentaly pating my teachers head
accidentally punching my kid in the eye
incorrectly guessing the color of my girlfriend’s eyes
not licking the cake batter bowl
Got caught ordering a fursuit
singing the N-Word in front of a black man.
letting my gf blow me NSFW
accidentally eating a chunk of deodorant
snorting pixie stick dust
smoking weed and ruining everything I was doing right.
calling one of my friends adopted.
flirting with a coworker while in a relationship.
taking pre-workout before swim
when I had sex with my gf while she was on her period.
thinking this subreddit had good moderators.
in work by closing someones important google tabs down
getting my house searched by prank calling collections services
Giving my Little Brother $2500 to buy a car
drinking my coworker's dip spit
I broke my moms hand
Just realized how fortunate I actually am.
not telling my mom about my new tattoo
drinking 25 hours worth of 5 hour energy.
using vagina wipes on my face
putting my penis in a blender
being too smart.
eating yellow dragonfruit and only yellow dragonfruit for breakfast
i really messed up
taking nudes and sending them to my mother
I told my boss my exactly what I thought about him during team drinks.
leaving a orange in my clarinet before a concert.
Big Dark Nipples
drinking a lot of lemonade and then peeing in a wide open spot that I thought was empty
forgetting if I had a tampon in
leaving my bedroom door unlock
finding my sister's NSFW reddit account
mourning my dead cat and ruining dinner for my whole family
introducing myself to my neighbor after a nosebleed
by having sex
Listening to the Radio
destroying my computer screen
telling someone I’d give them AIDs
cheating on my girlfriend in my own party while drunk
not knowing what kind of store La Senza was
wearing boxers to sleep and having my mom wake me up in the morning
sending my crush the wrong pictures
nu trusting a friend with a job tip.
on zoom with 60 people listening
getting a 25% raise
fooling around with zoom chat and accidentally typing bitch
running around my parents house looking and askinfing if anyone smells poop.
farting into my boyfriends open mouth
being a sexist prick and ruining my chances with my crush
My dad was listening
My parents always fucked up, not just today lol
possibly ruining someone's chances to get in a PhD program because I forgot to tell my professor that I won't apply.
(trying to) retract(ing) my foreskin for the first time in 22 years
eating 825mg of dxm hbr...
not checking my screenshots
defending the baby driver guy.
pretending to be a professional chess player
getting Christmas done early
buying a penis mold, failing horribly and making a huge mess.
doing a prank. (GONE WRONG) (NOT CLICKBAIT) TL;DR at the bottom
having a panic attack while sick
not asking the name to a girl I met at the bus
Tried to land a plane on Mun (Kerbal Space Program)
asking my FIL how much of my wife's childhood he was sober for
not misunderstanding my dad’s instructions
accidentally breaking up with my girlfriend
By lying about being sick and being quarantined for a week from work
memeing with my friend getting drunk before flying home from Mexico
retaking an exam and actually studying to it
poisoning my friends food AND breaking a leg while camping the the middle of nowhere
leaving a padded bra filled with water balloons to uses a fake breasts for masturbation. I share my room with a cousin M(19)
dancing bachata with my mom
I am at a loss
sicking a gum in my pubes
exploring a dried lake and getting stuck in quicksand
trying to save money and getting a really bad haircut
First Birthday Date with Pasta Type
bypassing a safety device
telling my GF that she is not my type
eating a Dog Food flavored jellybean
thinking my boyfriend couldn’t hear my farts for 3 years.
talking religion with a drunk guy on the train and making him and his friends believe that I am a Prophet
Seeing Mommy Kissing Santa Klaus
cursing on a call with my Boss
making my hairdresser think I'm an illegitimate incest child
rejecting a girl's invitation; I can never forget it
submitting my college application without reviewing it
ignoring what my body was trying to tell me
walking into the wrong tent
You should always listen to your elders
thinking that my (now)apparent sleep paralysis was just dreaming.
mildly by conditioning a cat to be brushed
while using hand disinfectants
getting drunk, fighting with my boyfriends mom, getting a black eye, spraining my ankle, and ripping my fingernail off all in the span of 2 hours.
Kid caught us talking
I fell for a phone scam that I knew was a scam from the beginning
trying to clean an area with water damage
saying to my teacher he hasn’t taught me anything.
The Rona
making my sister think i farted 10000000 times
addressing a letter wrong.
accidentally screaming at my teacher
looking for pictures of my cat.
Condemned pool? No problem.
formating the wrong harddrive
cheating on an online test
joking about burning orphans...to an orphan
sort of...) Washroom Encounter
making what may well be the world's worst painting in multiple ways
farting on a work call
my left pinky
asking a dumb question when the answer was obvious
making my niece eat a carrot.
Texted my mom instead of my friend.
not knowing my boyfriend's name
getting scammed out of $85 on let go app
at a college course's competition
answering the door
Today I fucked up by not checking my paycheck for 2 years and missing out on over $16k
Once IFU when I tried to buy a roach clip
trusting my mum with the clippers
calling the ambulance
baking brownies while i was baked
making my mom think I was dead
not making sure my car doors were actually locked...
A mispelled 2 cost me a good test grade
cutting my leg open "jousting"
disabling secure boot before toggling bitlocker off and have no passkey for unlock.
leaving my vibrator out during unit inspections at my apartment
exposing my friend's secret elopement to her family
trying to help an old man
Blacking out on in Vegas on Halloween and spending my night with my Taxi Driver (NSFW)
voiding my SO's birth certificate.
I hit my best friend with a bathroom stall door.
Forgetting the Tooth Fairy
locking my door.
giving a cute girl the store phone number
smacking a lady with a "pole" in front of 100s if spectators
getting an interview to be a Zoom technician, unable to turn my camera on during Zoom interview.
being too high at an aquarium
having minty fresh balls
putting my internet connection in a cage
laughing whenever I feel pain
accidentally making a bunch of girls I went to high school with think I created the what frog you are instagram account
searching up a brand and finding my name
not being honest
telling my brother what I though a prima donna was
cracking a joke and making my Jewish coworker think that I’m anti-Semitic
cheating in TES4: Oblivion
coming in sick to class
answering the door wearing a bright red and black leather slave collar with chrome D-rings (NSFW)
introducing my wife to her future husband
throwing a water bottle on my husband's brand new gaming PC.
swallowing a big fingernail
Yeah
buying mango soap
Burnt My Ass
skipping a part of practice and losing a varsity spot
telling friend her husband wouldn’t be sick if he thought positive thoughts.
Today I fucked up, by peeing. NSFW
emailing my colleague a photo of my vagina asking her to print it!
saying I’d feel like a failed parent if my hypothetical kid ever came out to me
thinking my hands were heat resistant.
leaving my newborns umbilical cord in the open...
yelling at the girl that liked me
fucking a tortilla
raking my yard
Getting blackout drunk and yelling slurs
snitching on harassers
snoring throughout the world coughing and sneezing.
trying to avoid being seen nearly naked on a Zoom call.
farting in class.
giggling when someone asked me why their debit card kept declining
Telling My And My GF's Friends/Coworkers That I Pay For Her Pussy
shaving off my beard after a girl I liked stared right at the patch in my beard I’m self conscious of
accidentally naming a lamb, dooming it, making it an exam question, and receiving an unending amount of shit.
Sexually Sexing After Sex
showing my boss naked pictures of my wife
going on the computer (medium)
mistaking a tic for a hard piece of corn
telling my bf I love his penis because it's not too big....
taking out the trash
flipping off my 85 y/o neighbor
sending a girl a message then passing out.
joking with the wrong person
toying with a cursed crystal that made me drunk at work
telling my dad about the best fuck I’ve ever had in my life
spilling sprite on my guitar AMP
announcing my poops during an important conference call...
Today I fucked up by dropping a knife into my eye
putting baby powder on myself
uploading my essay at 11:59pm
Hot Sauce and Vaginas
accidentally flexing my sex life to my lonely neighbor
hiding my condom stash in a piggy bank.
saying "You too" after my Doordash delivery driver said "Enjoy"
unplugging my keyboard
BIG TIME* by my girlfriend digging thru my phone and finding out I had been dirty messaging other people via email. No physical contact was ever made with anyone else, but I broke her trust.
actually all of America fucked up by not realizing today was 420 Valentine's Day.
Sacrificed my chicken for my cat
telling my dad to give my dog a treat
trying something new in the bedroom
misinterpreting and mocking a friend's Discord status.
Fucked up friendship with my ex
accidentally attaching a fortnite hack script in the email to my boss.
thinking my FWB was the pizza guy
adding some adorable little shrimpies to my aquarium. making a post with the live chat feature
nearly asphyxiating myself at 1am
welcoming my new area manager to the company
So I have braces and this happened
accessing the schoo systeml and almost being expelled from school
Today I chanted something unintentionally racist in front of a black teacher
I made a joke about me being black on the first day of college during my zoom class and now everybody thinks I’m racist walking into the wrong dorm
Offering My Partner Advice During Chores
Don’t roast me for playing fortnite
helping a stranger jump start his car and potentially destroying someone else's.
When i got high, and Lost all my closest friends
with search keywords
leaving my penis-filled notepad around
looking into a dril tweet and now reddit spams me with hemorrhoid spam.
turning off my primary alarm, not realizing that I turned of my backup alarm already.
Blowing a Salt Shaker NSFW
now teachers might find out it was me who smoked in the school bathroom
squeezing alcohol gel in both my eyes
discolouring my hair before our elope tomorrow
Putting My Friend on My Homescreen
making a disgusting combo
curiosity searching
being cucked, forgetting my phone charger and trying to buy a new one. *NSFW*
not talking to my project partner before a presentation
sending Hermaphrodite furry porn to my Pastor
accidentally deleting files on the shared drive when I thought I was deleting it on my own drive
not listening to my GF in bed
forgetting family sharing exists
Ruining Christmas and a Birthday
getting perfume into my husband's eye
accidentally performing oral sex on my brother and ruining our relationship.
not keeping a better eye on my drunken jilted mate.
ignoring the sound of an intruder in my apartment and ending up blind, barefoot, bleeding, and butt ass naked in my apartment.
reminding my friend of his loss
letting my brother do horrible things.
discovering my egg allergy
giving myself a facial
Today I fucked up by forgetting an -ed
having the sexiest sex ever
helping a cat hanging from a privacy fence by its foot and it bit me.
Call Center|Call Centers In India
skipping class and passing my class teacher at the entrance door
showing my mom a picture of my pussy
having sex with my husband during the day
my 'random' drug screening
getting stuck in a revolving door with my boss (my fault). How to salvage this?
sleeping while my flight leaves
kissing my friend's girlfriend
giving a presentation on remote work tips using Zoom on my phone. Apparently, in the time of COVID-19, this is viewed as wildly unprofessional (🙄)
face towel or...
lashing out at my ‘friend’ of 30 years because of her political views
ruining our first intimate moment
How to prevent orgasms
not wanting to get married with a guy that put so much effort into our relationship that decided to make a surprise proposal
trying to buy I single item at Cabela's
wanting a pickle at 2AM
getting way too high and thinking i broke one of my balls.
using less than appropriate language at an even less appropriate volume while my children were in a live class with their teachers
going as a nine year old for Halloween and making everyone think I am a Trump supporter
Saying "OK"
meeting someone on Discord
Having an Aneurysm during Sex.
bringing a prop gun to school.
asking a lady about her log burner
cheating on a guy who thought we were just friends
leaving my shoes on the washing machine on Wash and Dry.
taking one of my moms male underwear
making pancakes
getting in a police pursuit
yelling “Shoot!”
going on a short jog after eating a spicy meal.
exploding a lightbulb with my hair.
realising that I haven’t been breathing correctly my entire life
Wallpaper is X-rated and my laptop's keyboard died
trying to get some steps in
House on Fire
going to Victoria's Secret with an upset stomach
mistaking my dad as an intruder.
TOFU by Drinking Water too fast
when I called my milk choice "fat." Twice. to an overweight barista.
Herbal Tea is a Healthy Option?
posting a reddit thread with no real substance.
doing sex thing
* having a good time* in pool
showing the police the wrong ID
not recognizing Dr. Suess on Read Across America Day.
sitting on a car battery.
Today I fucked up by getting something stuck
blasting air in a girls face while she was giving me head
accidentally discovering the largest hornet's nest the local park rangers had ever seen.
By inadvertently ruining my friends funeral
with reddit coins
buying a banana and 2 hard boiled eggs for lunch in front of my boss and several co-workers
big time cause I was too horny :(
not making sure I had a secure location for cam sex.
running from a bug.
Today i fucked up by getting my penis stuck under a 20kg tile
staying quiet
not remembering my passcode
drinking a Redbull energy drink an hour before bed.
Update: not answering a call from jail
letting maggots flood my studio
calling the emergency vets.
leaving a used condom in the bathroom trash can
holding the door for an old man at Bob Evan's
I told my crush I have a crush on someone, she thinks it’s not on her.
being a depressed and lazy university professor
attempting to repair my computer
I might have given a undercover cop weed/
cleaning my roomates room.
The Picture Day F**k Up
getting my mother involved in helping me with my chronic illness.
I demanded a shift manager to please assist me as we were short staffed that day.
I left my dildo in our family's shared bathroom
ordering a sex toy on Amazon
join us in community r/DigitalSell you will find best deals
getting into a hot tub
showing my best friend’s dad a provocative picture of me
when meeting the boss's wife for the first time
forgetting my calculator at home on the day of a homework deadline for the 3rd time.
trying to surprise my boyfriend and accidentally flashing his parents in the process.
after failed sucide attempt just to explore that life isn't that harsh
opening the blinds to my bathroom and exposing myself.
tracking dog sh*t through a customers cottage
ruining my close friends honeymoon
calling my mom a witch and making her cry on Mother's Day
not buying a house
not taking my antidepressants ... for a week.
eating a good chunk of Deep Heat
ruining a potential date between my best friend and his ex, by accidentally exposing his weird fantasies.
I getting a citation and rubbing my eyes
for accidentally being too creepy
confusing sweetbread and sweet bread.
Plz send help, fucked up badly
attempting to visit an Escort
licking garlic butter that spilled on my hand.
having diarrhea at parent teacher conferences
not listening to my doctor. I now have diabetes at the age of 25.
jokingly telling a girl I put something in her drink while we were completely alone for the first time at my house.
masturbating with my shampoo bottle and nearly getting circumcised
when I tried to put an oil fire out in a pan and stupidly picked it up to move it outside, which resulted in sever burns on my body.
Making a Bad First Impression
being polite to a stranger in the city of Atlanta.
I have a bleeding ulcer, and just ate black moldy bread on accident. I'm also allergic to penicillin (a type of bread mold).
I lied to someone I have a huge crush on and now she doesn't trust me
squashing my male jewels
mistaking a customer as a young girls grandmother, when in fact it was her mother
eating my own period blood...
It was an chocolate chip....right??
packing my sex toys in the worst possible way
using a can of cinnamon as a rolling pin
introducing my 14 year old nephew to Jon Lajoie on YouTube
Today I fucked up by drinking super strong coffee
peeling an apple
watching my crush having sex with my best friend
grossing out two sweet old ladies
burning down my van-home weeks before I was set to live in it.
I moved to america.
sending a text
ordering a dildo online
Substitute
I fucked up with my sister’s birthday present
accidentally plaging “Die Very Rough” by Mario Judah on online class.
for yeeting my ice cream
chewing on a stranger's piece of gum
IFU by coming to work early
sending a dildo to my grandma.
chipping a brand new 75 Inch tv
praising the N*zis on public transport
By trusting my brothers car.
not knowing how "anonymous' actually works.
eating a tub of cookie dough
when I answered HR honestly
playing basketball and having 1/5 of my knee covered in blood.
no spending 10$ more
writing Happy Valentines day in my mothers day card! 🙈
leaving a dildo, a fleshlight, and a 'mystery toy' on my bedside table.
telling my ex gf her vagina didn’t taste/smell good
trying to win an argument with a talking dog
using a peeler instead of a spoon to peel ginger.
My sister ruined my fucking life by “pranking” me for tiktok.
being a greedy asshole wanting to steal my sister’s protein powder
stealing some popular girl's airpods
giving myself a wedgie that grade school bullies could only dream of.
Life
TIFI by wearing XXXL shirts.
suggesting my mom to get divorced
almost burning the house down because of yoga
listening to my roommate jerk off for half an hour
denouncing Trans And Homophobic comments in my workplace
implying I wanted my colleague dead
moving to another state too quickly
asking to get payed more than i should for 2,4 hour work shifts
exterior judgment and black lives matter
Trying to make a motivational and productivity group chat pm if you want to join (:
not knowing that “rubbing one out” is a euphemism for jacking off.
And then I made a face
self-harming for the first time.
Moved across state for girlfriend.
not telling my roomie about the cactus in the bin.
trying to cure mosquito bites
getting a death scare mid-wank
Pen-Spinning
locked myself out of my in-laws’ home, spent a cold night sleeping in my car
inadvertently eliminating some HIGHLY anticipated drama
leaving my snake's cage open
posting my on a different subreddit and getting banned
Frying My Fat
breaking my permanent teeth with a glass ball
going outside (NSFW)
negotiating my diet and paying the price
Not sure if this counts...
thinking my relaxing bath was being overrun by bugs.
Today I fucked up by kicking a classmate in the ass
asking answers from my boyfriend even though I knew that him dealing with his emotions could leave him in a bad state
sneezing while eating out my gf
browsing through my best friends porn folder.
going to the doctor to fill out medical forms
putting my face in my own shit
not "shooting my shot"
lying to my parents to sleep at a friend's house
calling a piece of lingerie 'granny panties'.
dental hygienists is scared of me
going to the wrong concert
sending a video of a seal raping a penguin to my crush
Hotel room mistake
its 2020...
shouting "FUCK MY ASS"
punching a rapist
telling my 6 year old son his Gran had lost her leg to a shark bite.
going to the hospital for constipationwanting bedroom Basketball
making the worst first impression at my new job...I still wake up in the night in cold sweats reliving it.
for fapping before dinner
Reading Reddit post names Outloud
telling my GF her mask....
having sex
fingering my wife after chopping chili peppers for dinner
LISTENING TO THIS SHIT
I lied to my girlfriend and she broke up with me. I want to get her to trust me again even if we don't get back together.
emptying my bowels at a hotel
ruining Christmas dinner.
Pulling the Fire Alarm at my School
taking a shit on a hike forgetting my Mum was a Vegan
trying to go to the bathroom after surgery without drinking any water. (NSFW because gross poop stuff)
Don't jump in the quick sand" Naturally, I jump in the quick sand.
falling for a sextortion scam having coffee with my sugar free chocolate!
By drinking beetroot juice before a doctor appointment.
not approaching the hottest girl on the pool, that was visibly interested in me
being too horny
Beautiful Naughty Girl💧Tight Pussy Sexy Figure💧Come &amp; Sex With Me
Should i speedrun mario oddssy
sharting at work
looking for a clip for TLOU2 on YouTube before finishing it
accidentally insulting my family.
accidentally eating my sister's baby tooth.
showering before my online classes
Letting the cat out
Graduation Day!
Today i fucked up by getting to cocky
yelling at a random women in the gym
LPT don’t use deodorant on your penis
calling my wife a Cum Skunk
showing a couple old ladies the GOAT
inadvertently waging war with my entire neighborhood via a WiFi name.
trying to have Xmas sex and then accusing my partner of cheating
singing "other friends" in my bedroom naked with my girlfriend and my sister walked in
eating food wrong
beating the everloving shit out of my girlfriend
NSFW - Latex Allergy
being a troll
giving my way too harsh opinion about my mother's recommendation for a wedding dance with the parents.
accidentally showing my future MIL a dick pic that was on my phone.
jerking off and my mom caughting me
purchasing a watch
whacking a mosquito
not using someome elses mouth
contracting COVID-19
helping my mom make a pizza
Roommate was with gf asked to hit that...
MASTURBATING using a DONUT
telling the grocery store cashier that I had an average sized penis.
being too prideful to use a map and ending up with a £40 fine
texting my girlfriend about losing her virginity
Waffle Stomping
going to the mexican barber shop by my house
trying to complete a elementary school dare
nearly killing our tinder date.
sneaking into my girlfriend's house.
acknowledging biology
not reading titles
TDIFU by tripping over the stairs in middle of a Colleague lecture
wearing a facemask that was covered in my semen all day
giving my ex a tray of pot brownies
kissing my dad.When I Got My Entire Engineering Company Banned from Google Earth
failing the year
drawing my former student nude
trying to flush a rising toilet
deleting an email to a recruiter
when I took my cousin Tatty to town
I bought a gift card to buy another gift card
accidently telling the couple that runs my gym to "have a nice gay".
slicing off my tip
trying to give a compliment
pulling the bonnet lever on my car at the gas station and thinking that I just didn‘t pull hard enough the fuel door release lever.
and ended my girlfriend's friends engagement with her fiance by showing her fiance pictures of her clubbing that she previously untagged herself from off Facebook. M
hitting the car when I parked
mistaking a Latin preposition for sexual slang
ignoring a once in a lifetime scenario
pepper spray myself in an online class
joking at school about printing 10,000 pages-and then printing 10,000 pages.
attending my best friend's bachelor party
hitting my balls
choosing the name of my dad's dead childhood best friend as my new name.
going a month without AC
not being racist
And Ruined My Instant Pot
making the girl I have a crush on cry during our calc exam
when the peen decided to split pee stream
telling someone that their grandmother's death isn't much
sticking a nail through my foot
By Breaking my Parents Dryer
accidentally sexually harassing someone
Shroom Edition
realizing I installed my power supply incorrectly in 2015
for trying to teach My brother to throw knives on the back yard
running and scaring my neighbors girlfriend
chatting on Zoom.
almost getting arrested.
calling my wife a hippo
He tfu
getting arrested for opening bank account under 18
sticking a post-it note on a friends back
peeing in an Islamic Temple
opening a hole in my head and worrying my parents
I broke our tv!
getting a missplaced paper cut
throwing myself  roommate
standing up for myself to my Mother.
going to Buffalo Wild Wings
calling the wrong number while on speaker phone
telling my best friend “that sucks ass”
groping a girl I really liked while I was asleep...
listening to a man in his midlife crisis
thinking my mic was muted on zoom.
sending risky snaps to my mom
getting drunk and causing a dog fight.
accidentally posting on my story
just standing there and almost got hit in the face with a hawk
trying to pee outside
using a popsicle as a dildo
Didn’t Check My Shoe
Trusting A Rotom In Pokémon Super Mystery Dungeon
falling asleep with the laptop on.
Sent a DM shit talking my boss...to my boss
walking up to the drainage area of our town lake behind the dam and yelling
not knowing the Apple ID password can be changed if a thief knows your phone pin code or MacBook password, allowing the thief to disable lost mode and disable remote erasing of the device.
cumming on a man's head
showing my new boss my boyfriends nut sack
i messed up big
using fabric softener on my hair Along with other products(chaos).
eating an entire bag of unpopped popcorn
scaring a woman I thought was my drug dealer
cumming on my girlfriend's face
leaping on top of who I thought was my best friend...
having recognizable tattoos on an old nsfw twitter account
saying that a guy in our school has coronavirus symptoms
and got girlfriend arrested and hospital quarantined for Wuhan NSFW
inviting my mom to watch Rocketman with me
shoplifting with my mom's car
I accidentally added a SnapChat story to my story when it was suposed to be sent to someone
Ignoring Family History and Ending Up In The ICU
using the bidet and still ending up with a poopy butt
being a douche to a woman i love
letting a mouse get away and die somewhere I couldn't get to it.
eating strawberries the wrong way
NOT REALIZING THAT A GIRL WAS FLIRTING WITH ME
giving my daughter a bubble bath.
Riding in a Jeep with the Windows Down
calling my wife ugly for months
telling a sleep lab tech that CPAP changed my life
accidentally switching my comments to Controversial in RiF.
accidentally murdering my friend’s dog... while he was mourning the death of his dog.
sending a hentai picture to my landlord
Flashing Myself to the Firefighters
pronouncing a letter wrong for almost a year
Planet Hole
watching the wrong episode of Mr. Robot
accidental plagiarism
trimming my balls NSFW
letting a spider escape
making walking more painful rather than less.
complimenting james charles (insert cherry emoji here) loudly
getting steel in my eye unknowingly nearly setting my office's kitchen on fire and causing mutiple power cuts
pepper spraying myself before work.
riding my bicycle down the staircase
drying my cat
getting frisky in the woods
I accidentally got 100% in a math exam
sending an e-mail
breaking up with my girlfriend on Valentine's day
leaving my text notifications off
ACCIDENTALLY DESTROYING LAB SAMPLES
consuming too much caffine
sending my gf text to college official group.
giving my friend a hentai game with all of his favorite anime characters loaded onto it
putting on a show for my wife...
sharing my opinions
shitting in the bathtub
accidentally shittalking my christmas present.
trying to scare my bro
blackmailed
I tried to fight snow-maggedon with a broom and got burried outside for five minutes in my pajamas.
connetiny phone to the wrong tb
Daughter Made My Butt a Whack-a-Mole
not switching off my camera and mic during class and doing something embarrassing
taking my dog on a walk to visit my Grandpa’s headstone
Oh great
doing laundry like I do every weekend
sleeping with my childhood friend’s ex-Husband
Grandpa was on the wagon"
telling a man translating for his wife to “shut the fuck up”
being on call
mistaking someone as a street beggar
killing a friendship
being nice and letting a neighbor use my bathroom
vaping
filling my pockets with cucumbers
wanting to adopt a stray cat...
saved my son
subscribing for my ex girlfriends best friends only fans
palming a pregnant Co worker in the face.
trying to “hide” that I sleep walk
making my own edits to Jack and Bean Stalk in middle school and forgetting about it.
telling my friends I was going place a bomb threat
trying to protect my snack from my dog
ordering lube from amazon
using new soap.
telling the cashier dude at Chinese restaurant, “I love you”
realizing that one of my earliest memories of seeing an outie belly button was actually a peen
being to humble to get Academic Counseling at my College
being myself in public
slipping in a puddle, while my girlfriend and best friend ditched me
listening to a podcast while remote working
cumming on my face
eating hot sauce NSFW
not standing at school
I uploaded my passport in a weird website
rickrolling a potential client via a proposal.
traumatizing a teacher that my friend traumatized a few months ago
shredding a commander’s document in the Army
having my cat overdose on amphetamines and ALMOST killing him.
drop down the highest confidence that my parents have on me because of my dog
jumping on a piece of styrofoam.
missing once in a lifetime opportunity at Niagara Falls
showing my mom reddit
neglecting my brothers pet snake who i was supposed to be watching
pissing on my floor
asking an unmarried couple how they had the same last name.
letting my employees ask "would you rather..." questions
Sex with a paraplegic girl (Overly Vulgar)
went to the bathroom, and when i came back...
forgetting to open the door before attempting to replace a keyed doorknob
going to the ER for a bump on my body, turned out it was my clitoris
telling the postman about a threesome
watching Avatar the last Airbender
attempting to play Half Life Alyx on my Quest hooked up to a MacBook Pro and projectile vomited everywhere
cleaning my brand new touch-screen laptop with Windex
answering my phone and assuming it would mute by background apps...
letting a friend use my oven.
not knowing that milk porn was a thing
not using the right key
sending an inappropriate picture to my sons teacher.
leaving my buttplug in the bathroom
using the condom we bought in sale
breaking my moms favorite mug
making drunk/idiotic full of myself
Non-Alcoholic Beer
Today I fucked up by trying to fix a PS4 that wasn't broken.
locking myself out of my car, 2hr from the nearest city, out of cell service
screwing myself out of free car washes.
showing up to my sisters final exam celebration one day late.
stranding myself with a kitten miles from my apartment
throwing on my friend’s couch and then sending her a nude
drunkenly telling a guy I loved him on the 2nd date
telling my black friend I was allowed to say the n word
having low self-esteem and hating myself my entire young adult life. I am now basically homeless.
LISTENING TO THE WORST MUSIC EVER
handing my unlocked phone to my bf’s 10 year daughter, where she somehow immediately found ‘We-Connect.’
having phonesex around lunch, and having neighbours hearing everything
Posting sexually questionable screendump with marihuana reference in Face book group onto my family Chat group page. *NSFW
getting drunk and going to bed early
not using a nipple sucker for its intended purpose.
Unknowingly drank my first alcohol underage before a bus trip
Fuck you if you go out without a mask, fuck you if you wear your mask under your nose. Fuck you if refuse to social distance. This is your fault and you should burn in hell.
getting in a relationship with a girl
sending my friend minecraft hitler.
breaking a string during a guitar solo (and left it in my youtube video)
giving and innocent stranger an unexpected hand sanitizer facial while she tried to eat noodles in peace
getting hit by a car
living in the wrong timezone
shitting on someone's lawn
with classic work embarrassment
making my friend think I was happy about her recent breakup
tidying up my van home
There's a mouse in my ovens rangehood
using a table fan
eating spicy kimchi soup four meals in a row
for falling asleep on my chair.
raising my voice at my coworker he walked and quit on the spot
I told my girlfriend
asking someone if they’ve ever seen 22 jump street
not checking my water
calling my best friends mother a fat old hag in front of her family.
watching too much Tik Tok
stabbing myself with an epipen and almost losing my thumb
showing my friend who's dad left a meme about dad leaving
Having My Camera on in English Class
I drank cockroch juice 🤢
waiting tired with explosive diarrhea for the train
turning up the heat
buying my sister candy
watching Onward
while getting attacked by a raccoon after chemotherapy
vacuuming my house
Tiny Fk Up that Caused Mini Heart Attack
celebrating my ex’s birthday with her
yelling when my wife sold my books I’d asked her not to sell without telling me that she’d already sold them.
The time I fucked up by colouring my hair
telling my fiancé I was ready to have a kid when he was.
answering Christmas carolers with my fly down
bringing alcohol into the airport
sending nudes to my best friend
singing a song
I ejaculated into a woman’s dirty panties.
forgetting a word before implants.
not wiping once
(almost) dropping an AC unit out the window
letting my dad make me breakfast
trying to cultivate cat poop
doing shibari with my GF
harassing a wild bird for no reason
greasing my bathtub....
New Years cake
being ignorant
admitting to my GF that I had a sexual fantasy about her daughter’s busty 22 yr old best friend that is staying with us currently
forgetting to mute my Zoom on the phone while in a conference and ordering coffee at a coffee shop.
Supersized chair catastrophe
Masturbated to what I thought was my upstairs neighbors having sex... it wasn’t
getting all horny and dropping my phone in water
picking my nose in public.
asking if a guy with brain cancer was sick in the head
mentioning the No Arms Dance
singing Scotty Doesn't know while jamming at work.
giving the sucky suck to a dildo
creeping my ex’s Reddit
getting owned by James Blunt
pretend teabagging my 14 year old son.
Peeing on my Brand New Monitor
shaving with a tweezer
dropping a knife and cutting off my brother's friend's toe while trying to be flirty.
stealing a dog
ignoring a strange pain in my abdomen
forgetting to shave my beard
attempting to ask out a childhood crush but instead we'll discuss Jordan Petersons latest book
trying to fix my gaming laptop
breaking my computer so I can't access my email.
meeting a guy against my gut feelings
talking to an ex colleague
dropping my one day old new phone
using a story from r/nosleep as my assignment.
blinding myself with cheese
cleaning the bath drain in front of my husband
showing my gay coworker my vagina.
buying myself a birthday gift
not knowing there were cameras at my workplace.
Exploding My Bike Tires
conditioning my cat to do acrobatics while vomiting
zipping up eyelid
I cursed at my bosses,
asking my husband to make me a snack
rubbing wasabi all over my dick
I accidentally slapped her.
having an unnecessary lava-ass for three days.
Playing Way Too Much Skyrim
googling an ex-gf
leaving my door open and my dog walked in and destroyed my 120 bucks vibrator.
accidentally deleting roughly 300€ worth of video games
accidentally finding the cure to COVID-19
No towel out of shower ppl ya know got a peek
forgetting my friend's mom died
forgetting my curtains were open while I indulged in some personal time
I voted trump
letting a vodka bottle on the sidewalk
buying the order behind me.
wearing my hospital badge into a (legal) pot shop
Wanting to Enjoy an Ice Cream Sundae
leaving my bird unattended with a fish tank.
when I tried to do a quickie with a guy I found on Grindr at the airport
almost burning my eyeballs out of my head
in two ways. 1. Exploring the depths of reddit. 2. Deciding to search for school ID at 4am.
losing my temper with my girlfriend during an argument and now my hand is broke.
joking about violent poop
losing $1200 USD in a crypto currency scam
No id no money
eating without salt while watching an iguana
masturbating on webcam to a Dating Site blackmailer
accidentally getting my (straight male) dick sucked by a guy.
being quiet in the library and getting my dad accused of r*pe.
using my mom's card to buy a Bad Dragon dildo and she's been kinkshaming me ever since
accidently saying somthing stupid in an online class
thinking this sub had good moderators
Happy New Decade
putting sexual sounds in my Spanish class and accidentally increasing the volume
introducing myself to someone and bringing up geopolitics as a joke
calling my friend's mom a hoe?
Cum zone
using the handicap stall...
wanting to look like Michael J Fox
Black Friday
making obscene gestures to a CCTV I mistook to be someone else's
wearing a black sweatshirt to my zoom class
asking an old lady if she’d ever seen that much TP at the grocery checkout
telling a cat it was cute
politely saying hello to a conspiracy theorist at the shop
using "food" as a verb in my college honors appication
assaulting drunk man
projectile shitting in a lane way in broad day light less than 10 minutes from home
almost getting my teacher fired for accidentally insinuating my teacher smokes weed
Leaving a Mop Bucket Unattended at Work
losing my virginity to my sister's ex on my bday even though I'm a lesbian
telling my brother what I THOUGHT a Prima Donna was.
showing my brother Charlie and the chocolate factory.
telling my husband about my spank bank
telling my boss that I am curious in applying to a different office
deleting a 5 year year google account that i have all my accounts connected to
Telling the wrong joke to the wrong person
going outside to get my mail
putting my kid in a very cheap swim diaper, and not paying attention
allowing my new friend to touch/see my nasty shorts.
not sending one link and now I’ll possibly fail a course.
Cat was offended by a fart
asking out my friends girlfriend (she said yes)
letting my 4 years old chew an used condom.
planning a trip to Hawaii
playing as a Nazi for a year
putting fabric softener in same bag as company's new computer
illegally selling insurance in canada
leaving twitch stream playing on mobile data
having a few drinks and wearing formals
By answering a strangers question about sauces in Walmart
drinking my sister's urine.
flying a brand-new drone into the wall
Hello
causing my boyfriend to black out
Hopping into a stranger's car without knowing.
drinking my own urine and burning my pizza
my brother saw me topless
Roommate drank my piss
posting «inspiring» post in r/oddlysatisfying, and making at least one person very angry.
eating asparagus trying to show off my phone's durability
using mysterious lotion at work for my man hands.
mourning my dead cat
not applying to Stanford
not passing my lifeguard test and dropping my phone in a lake
feeding a couple of stray dogs
trying anal with my wife
Making My Family Think I Died
accidentally shitting on the bathroom carpet
Asking Someone What Their Favourite Song Was
getting blocked on tinder
I forgot to delete the msgs
forgetting my sister was home
getting a tetanus booster, despite research indicating vaccines are bad.
giving my daughter a haircut
wearing my shirt backwards on a sunny day
Lying about colleges
showing my Fetish to Friends, Coworkers and more!
placing the companies "Page-All" line on Hold instead of hitting DnD and then Giggling on and off through the rest of the meeting.
trying to rescue a cat
telling my neighbour I split my girlfriends lip having sex
for not wearing gloves and didn't hand sanitizer.
accepting my buddy’s invite to the bar with like 10 other girls. And all I did was calculate and write down future stocks and trades on a napkin making small talk. My looks may be good but a good time for me is having a drink and calculating losses and gains and potentials, and soon IPOs.
driving 6 hours, putting on my dive gear, and trying to swim out from the beach with 6' breaking waves.
ordering a London F... uuuuuuuuck.
macing my balls
well not today but recently by playing AI dungeon and thinking I ended humanity
My Work
leaving my camera on to use the bathroom in the middle of Anatomy class.
FUCK
TIFUpdate My mom told my dad and MY wife, I’m in some serious trouble.
submitting to an older guy because I can’t quit being a whore
accidentally rickrolling eight cities
getting locked in my own backyard
accidentally cumming on my sister
being quarantined with my husband
having the world's strongest coffee.
being able to put two and two together. TW - Cancer
sleeping with my mom
being a fucking pussy
rapping WAP enthusiastically while my husband was on a conference call
condemnation of appearance and dress
probably freaking out some McDonald's employee just trying to get to work.
and lied about my age. (28F)
not recognizing a clogged toilet at my teacher's house, and destroying part of her son's childhood.
trying to be funny
sending my grandmother an ass picture of myself
following my instincts while sleeping
mixing drugs and i might die
getting blackmailed for my nudes.
Girl nearly finds out she’s adopted. It was kind of my friend that messed up
not telling my coworker I'm crushing and making a complete fool of myself
getting caught in the middle of a riot
letting the leaders of my youth group and some of the youth find my reddit account.
HELP. Losing my mind
Accidentally threw my wife under the bus.
Eating Ants with Pop Rocks
I got my previous FWB (m30) a job where my husband (m23) and I (f22) currently work
hot saucing myself.
Eating Black Frosting
ruining a character arc in ATLA for my niece
I reject a girl's invitation and leave her in an awkward situation
getting fired from the easiest job
and convinced my girlfriend of 4 years that I was sexually attracted to Shrek growing up
I just feel like i hate Reddit today
accidentally setting off fire alarm in my work office building
just by watching porn after school
exposing my very small social circle
accidentally saying I love you and then saying “no I don’t!” To my friend on the phone
blowing my nose.
telling an adopted friend of mine to get a real family
not realising I was on my sexual ta account and being frozen from humiliation
going to a funeral.
making my ex-husband think I killed my dog
leaving my friends in my house for 30 minutes while i did an online test that I ended up missing
dropping a rock on my hand and cutting off half my finger
washing my butt
running into my preschool teacher
loving myself correctly.
and ended up on the news with the caption, "Wheelchair Pepper Spray."
accidentally revealing to my roommate's girlfriend her Christmas Present.
posting video debunking 5G myths on Facebook, got my account suspended for “fake identity” reports
accidentally flashing my brother’s mates
saying what I thought something looked like.
unleashing the beast waaaaaay too soon.
sending my anxiety through the roof with a questionable financial decision in Las Vegas
involves preserving turkey broth...
shitting my pants at a drive-in cinema
Today I Fucked Up By Getting Crossfaded, And As A Result Releasing Every Bodily Matter At Once
Choosing Not to Take Test in Testing Center
My wife left me
Drinking and driving
telling my friend that someone was popping a squat to pee
trying to buy a house online and lost $4k
not reading the tampon box
forgetting I had ice in my cup
TLDR by not helping my mom with her store during Christmas rush
leaving a 2x zoom mirror on my car seat, on a sunny day, thus melting some of the interior
not paying attention to how I slept.
after realising I'd been using my coochie cloth on my face 😢
going to the park to get high
The lyrics to Gorilla's hit song feel good inc because they are saying feels good during the chorus and not Milk Money.
thinking my headphones were broken.
Today I f'ed up by getting Mono
flipping off my sister
losing $100
Tonight IFU
backing up my truck into a pole at a car meet
accidentally accepting a fake bill
not teaching my daughter about church
texting my subordinate that i was checking her out
telling my 10 year old that porn is free on the internet
calling my calling my mailman baby boy
laghthfing at my brother being mad whaching the UFC and lost a bet
ruining expensive part at work
i messed up like big time
sending a (s)ext message to a group instead of my wife
Where to post my Masterbation?
Taking Adderall After Only an Hour of Sleep
throwing molten hot coffee on my new girlfriend.
Mom Opened My Mail
burning my d*ck
accidentally training my body to get horny whenever I have to poop and vice cersa
sharpening the knife...
ruined a relationship. Due to my ignorance. A simple mistake that costed me future happiness
running on top of my house to try to stop it from burning down.
turning the light off.
while cleaning the ice cream machine at work
accidentally cutting my hands to shreds
hitting a bong
Getting Caught Saying Fuck
in the hottest moment of my life
trying to make a joke at my expense.
having sexual interactions with a minor.
playing a harmless prank on a friend
but accidently eating my thumb blister
working out and tore myself a new asshole.
adding to my Amazon wishlist
making a girl uncomfortable
fucking my sister in Law
calling my teacher a retard.
mishearing a customer and costing everyone on the job a tip.
using my laptop with my mom's account.
Being Unprepared
Sending My Boss Money For Sex!
when I went on a date with this guy’s entire immediate family
eting the Trump peach. how do you get him out now doe -_?? question mark
I accidently ate a chili pepper
while cleaning my ear.
going to the bathroom
saying my sisters male friend he had a large hole.
Looked at my wife's phone of her friends nude pic
having my first VR experience and not recording it for my best friend
calling my new neighbor daddy.
getting drunk in a G-string
spitting on a blind kid and telling him it was rain
I sent my grandparents a pocket pussy on accident
leaving my fishing net and gear in the car for over 16hrs after fishing in 27degree heat.
Vaping Marijuana At My Friends House, Whole House Stunk Up
chopping too many garlics
lashing out in anger and am now in a psych ward.
committing to a laxative before having my morning coffee
TIFUpdate: I talked to my Uncle about the masturbation videos of his fiancée. I fucked up this time too.
not understanding mattresses and messing up my back.
mixing up my medications
NOT watching porn on an airplane
not knowing what amaretto is, and having a severe allergic reaction miles from home.
LPT : The thinks you can think when youre trying to make a drink AKA drinking (eating?) Curdled yoghurt
because I think I swallowed my airpods
i gave my brother cookies and milk instead of milk and cookies.
littering and breaking my Apple Watch.
possibly getting herpes.
skiing down a double black diamond slope by accident
giving my students explicit sexual advice.
and will be possibly homeless over some chairs
I thought my cat was acting strange but then..
M16) by making out with an 8th grader.
wrestling an annoying classmate and becoming the gay kid
eating an edible before getting my kitty waxed
accidently electrocuting the 15 year old apprentice
trying to initiate sex with my girlfriend's sister, thinking it was my girlfriend
oops
working out the wrong way for 5 months
so hard, VICE wrote an article about it..
permanently erasing all of my photos from the past 3 years from existence.
Unsee unsee unsee unsee!
giving my last 10€ to a guy who supposedly had been robbed
leave half a red pepper in a cupboard
thinking it was a good idea to revisit this sub
https://troyk12mi.zoom.us/j/89276976552?pwd=Ti9NRE5GajVGM09RcVNlQmp4aDNsZz09
thinking I lost my credit card at the gas station and digging through the trash.
throwing my autistic brothers umbrella into the wind
letting Myself get distracted by my cat while cleaning a razor sharp knife.
Narcos Mexico Scene
not paying attention to where I was walking.
trying to do a kind thing for a homeless man and inadvertently insulting him instead
having some ‘me-time’ while my dog was in the room
getting a random boner in a hotel room
saying my parents wouldn’t be mad.
doing epic monk plays with a broomstick end
falling apart and full on balling my eyes out in the King Of Prussia parking lot.
listening to my gut
pretending to go to work everyday but actually being unemployed...
shooting my television by accident
TIFY by ELI5 SEX with my S/O
wearing a stupid dress which got caught in the car steering wheel and almost caused a crash BUT actually resulted in my naked ass exposed to everyone at rush hour
I've stepped in my cum and now my socks are wet.
accidentally sending my photo with my niece on the family groupchat.
telling the wrong patient’s family that he had died
getting frustrated with my kids over a missing set of headphones
Avoiding Non-Existent Tolls and Driving Drowsy
U3u3 evehe
masturbating with my dad in the other room
going camping
This subreddit should be makred NSFW
queue jumping in the supermarket.
using Facebook Dating to meet up with an online girl
parking in a rented spot
well actually this happens everyday) by opening reddit
WHY IS THIS SUBREDDIT SO SEXUAL
calling my Fiancé’s wedding dress ugly
not standing in the right line to buy my lunch
spooning my grandma
and now my parents are selling my ps4
being an oblivious driver, which will probably result in fines
Forgetting to ask the rep at Target to take the anti theft device off of the game I bought
Tin High school and My Friend and I Pulled Off Our Skin.....
shitting on myself and my teacher with a district official in my breakout room.
suggesting we throw away a broken piano
telling my family how big my dick is
shitting in the womens toilet
caretaking a cabin with my family all winter.
retrieving my moms deleted photos
Four times is a lot of times to be married
By getting caught shoplifting from Primark
swapping sponges
having my mom see my and my gf's nudes
ordering food and then falling asleep; pissed off the seller &amp; delivery guy who waited an hour 😫
Today I fucked up by joking about my boyfriend’s father’s possible death
eating a hardboiled egg for breakfast
GIVE ME AWARDS
hopping on a video call with my dad right after eating an edible
Today I fucked up by boiling my shoes in 200 degrees Farenheit
believing I knew the directions on the box and not reading them.
making everyone at school think I had gone missing
missing my flight
falling asleep with my arm on my pillow
trying to be like Kobe Bryant...
Tofu by sex and caught parents
picking a fight with squirrels
making a friend, hurting a friend, and ditching a friend and wife.
taking my antidepressants.
r/ leaving an nsfw website open.
giving away houndeds euros worth of toys
learning about power. Spread the message
Lol kinda funny
reminding someone how easily they could die.
not looking before I sat down
calling my(38) wife(36) old.
Accusing the Maintenance Man of Snooping
By over correcting my passive behavior and over correcting to end up looking like a creep.
asking my teacher about her sex life.
recieving oral sex from my fiance
telling my technical manager I was actively searching for a job somewhere else
staring at an ass crack of my colleague
Hej
risking it all and ending up homeless with my girlfriend.
trying to break into my house
today I fucked up) when I dropped my phone on my face
ruining my own Birthday Party
finding out a girl ghosted me because I “eat too healthy” &amp; (possibly) got competitive about it...
saying someone could call me till 16:00
attempting to cut my hair
Almost got caught "showing porn" to kids at church
using a podcast character for my girlfriend’s contact in my phone
letting my roommate catch me sleeping naked on the balcony
reading everyone telling their family members Bob Ross is dead, and continuing the chain with my sister
wanting to play with my butt
adding WAY TOO MANY red pepper flakes to my green beans.
thinking I was watching the “HD” channels I’ve been paying for for years...
Nobody cares but  pressing an X button.
letting my ps4 controller run out of battery
My dad caught me mid act watching hentai
failing NNN by getting my first blowjob
My partner just locked the wrong cat in our house..
bear macing my girlfriend's lady bits
telling my boyfriend I didn’t like my birthday gift
asking for a girl's titties
getting my period while on XO
making a lady think her baby was ugly
putting a bell in my ear and ending up in the ER
good morning turned to bad morning
falling in piss whilst on a date
swimming across an international border.
Drinking the Wrong Coffee
trusting a stranger on reddit and losing $50
enjoying my gf’s company in a park lot at 1am
and Accidentally left the house with my weed pen in my pocket and placed it on the table at a work meeting...
taking a screenshot of someone on Snapchat
Sleeping
thinking that my husband broke my Femur bone.
royally) by being a horny shmuck and because of it getting scammed/blackmailed on FB not proofreading my assignment
texting a guy that ghosted me
someone’s life, I think
running after my dog with a mud treatment on my face.
misunderstanding a patient while at work
planting peppers
eating chocolates from December
pouring food into my month
relying on the government to pull through.
accidentally sending my boss an inappropriate Letterkenny clip
forgetting my actions have consequences
riding and breaking my bf (NSFW)
stalking my ex in a not so discrete way!
masturbated with body wash and freaking out
baking an awesome cupcake and discovering that youngest kid is super allergic to peanuts
A girl texted me and then left me on open...
believing I threw away my wallet
Making Chlorine Gas at Work
just missing my massive (actor) crush at a small gig he was doing, while in his city. Because I was trying not to be a stalker. (a bit sad/tragic...not funny)
being selfish while trying to be selfless
being blind, thinking i was hallucinating, (possibly eating) and tracking maggots through my house.
coming off as a creeper
putting orange oil in my bath
leaving chicken noodle soup in a cupboard
eating cereal with dozens of dead ants
learning what a bidet was the WRONG way.
I told off my weed man accidentally on facebook
desposing of ashes in my composter
gambling 40$ to get a skin in a video game
Copypasta
shoplifting for the first time.... and getting caught
trying to drop cable TV
not having a container to get Harry out of my tub
having sex toys
spitting on my potential new employer spitting on my potential new employer
being subscribed to this subreddit for over a year. It's all just weird sex and drug stories. Like, blah.
meeting SO's BIL for the first time and persistently trying to initiate a handshake during COVID.
my best chance at a dream job.
spilling Apple juice in my laptop
Broken leg
Found a bird egg on the ground today
Today IFU by disappointing my best friend and being a hypocrite
getting so high, I thought my neighbours had been murdered!
letting myself fall in love with someone other than my husband
goofing around on a survey and having the results become part of my permanent record
giving a compliment
flashing everyone in my new place of work my dildo collection.
getting high before going to the dentist.
trying to open a door like an idiot
muting the teacher on the school app.
making burgers and opening a window
I trusted someone and they told everyone who I like please help :(
outing myself in the Deep South as pagan
blowing off a candle top hard
hittin a vape at school
downloading a sleeping app that records noise , changing my diet , forgetting to check said app and blowing hot balls of fire at my boyfriend for months
breaking both of my arms rock climbing
feeding a feral cat
eating alot of chillies to prove i can.
riding a lil too fast
posting inappropriately on my friends photo remembering her brother
I'm in pain, because I didn't wash my hands.
Roasted the bottom of my feet for 2 weeks
Fuking my dog
spending $150 in crpytocurrency to sell my "sweet video" as an NFT
School TL;DR
being drunk, afraid of heights, allergic to bees, and stuck on the pitch of a roof at the same time.
getting accused of COVID19
hooking up with the girl my best friend warned me of
having a fart war with my husband and losing
rickrolling myself in the dumbest way possible
Today I fucked up by getting drunk
forgetting I had sent a request to join a zoom meeting.
Titfu by calling my mom middle aged
not closing my office door.
Managed to slice my butt open
inquiring about things I really needed to know but people thought of as weird.
whispering to my girlfriend when she was asleep
accidentally masturbating to the FAKE (face over adult body) image of a child actress.
trying to record a Karen
only using one hairtie before a very important interview
giving myself a stalker
After some movie style office sex
COCONUTS=MAMMALS
having mono audio on my laptop for 4 + years
trying to beat the eye of cthulu on terraria
and someone left there job... letting my 4 year old watch me play Bloodborne
Made myself some chicken alfredo and I must say, it was bomb as well as my visit to the toilet coz I’m lactose intolerant.
Giving a homeless man a ride
reveling my deepest secret BY ACCIDENT to my friend who is having trouble sleeping
turning on the "Filter Unknown Senders" option on my iphone
sneaking into my dad’s room while he was at work and found some weird shit in his closet
thinking i was tough and reading 177013
washing all my bedding at the same time
burning and consequently ripping the top layer of skin off of my palms
I started slitting my wrists
mixing up the word cane with wheelchair
paying a random subscription
Today... I fucked up... Big time...
forgetting to put away sex toys
accidentally honking in support of pro-life protesters
sating there was a gun in my bag at school
asking for a job
streaming a game on twitch I wasn't supposed to play and my parents were watching
By getting my words twisted
unknowingly committing Nine Felonies and Seven Misdemeanors
burning the tip of my penis
making a parody Twitter account
buying manga and having my grandma believe I joined a cult
leaving my keys in my pocket.
trying to cover up the fact that my family steals Netflix from my dad.
cheating on my girlfriend with a girl at a party
continuing to use a malfunctioning vacuum cleaner
exposing a racist on social media
trying to lock pick my own front door
Luckiest day of my life
being a horny teenager
drinking again - how original
choosing the bottom floor.
eating ice cream
having hot sexy xd
trying to go around someone
doodle hijacking a 600 person meeting
Asking a pregnant acquaintance when she was due but oops, she’d had the baby a couple weeks ago
thinking a girl was checking me out
finally starting a great new job, opportunity for advancement already in place, great pay and benefits. On my first day, I broke my foot.
messaging a girl right after another one left my house
I accidentally showed my cock and balls to the AC repair man.
Most posts on this sub didn't happen yesterday.
... by dressing up as St. Nicholas in school
visiting the school toilet
posting on the wrong account
eating pizza in my underwear.
UPDATE Confronting Parents I'm Not Part Snake.
Being a Snoopy Bitch
standing over a gasoline ignition
accidentally ditching my professor and employer.
missing my cake day, for the FOURTH year in a row
confusing a random stranger on marketplace with my best friend
having some self-love time after a hemorrhoidectomy.
going on an amphetamine jerk sesh with nothing but conditioner as lube
being an accidental loudmouth.
cleaning my ears.
I asked for advice on my university’s subreddit regarding an exam and a professor’s policy, and the post has made its way all the way to upper admin for review and action
deleting my Super Metroid save
swallowing my anal beads
trying a Brazilian wax at home nsfw
loosing the one to stupidity. trying to drink more water
opening my "message requests" on Instagram
getting a massage while experiencing an upset stomach
giving a friend a ride
eating before the anesthetic wore off.
choosing 2nd degree burns over a few pimples
Did this guy have the worst day ever?!?!
not checking the calender
not noticing my hourly wage was a dollar shorter than what was negotiated over a year ago.
using Belle Delphine's Gamer Girl condoms
playing violin at 1 AM without a mute
calling my teacher "Mrs.Asshole" in front of the whole class in a zoom meeting
accidentally eating an earwig
going down on my boyfriend in the wilderness
trying to commit suicide
ruining every future relationship i'll ever have with a dog.
starting birth control
not washing my hands after eating...
drinking a beer with a cigarette butt in it. And I enjoyed it.
Send an insensitive meme to my crush she didn't find funny.
losing a tampon inside my body for 2 months.
inhaling the whip cream.
telling my dad how my day was going and loosing all my friends
changing a vegetarian's life
hitting someone in my plane while on a plane.
telling my crush/colleague of almost 3 years how I feel just before she's promoted to being my superior 24 hours later...
humiliating a child at a talent show believing a Tinder stranger
babysitting my friend's kids
flooding the boys bathroom, getting it closed for a week, and stinking up the hallway.
at findom
going to school wearing Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle underwear that I thought were shorts.
being by being too open to my friend
Mooning Recorded Zoom Session
dislocating my knee dancing to K-pop (AGAIN)
Slut Wife
sending the employee I just fired a link to a YouTube video...
sending a video to the wrong person
thanks to my lightning fast reflexes
smashing a drone and then having threatened legal action
accidentally breaking my mom's favorite china plate
sleeping with my ex
not hiding my saved nsfw vids,
ignoring my upset stomach before sexy times
simping for a girl in my field
accidentally calling the fire department to a crematorium.
adsfadsf
posting a tinder conversation to reddit.
doing everything right
getting super high, drinking, and then proceeding to burn my hand &amp; arm
not understanding how extreme cold affects cars.
sending porn to the wrong group chat
felling from the bus on my way to uni then discoverjng that the lecture got cancelled.
sending the wrong message to the wrong person and starting a flamewar
makeimg a Kobe joke too soon.
Attempting Suicide by Carbon Monoxide but not knowing that car emissions are too clean these days to kill you. TL;DR at the end.
giving my mum my cum sock
thinking a kidney stone was a burst appendix and going to the ER
I(M25) felt up my boyfriends best friend in my sleep
defending Temple Grandin from the Nuvo Neurodiverse.
telling a friend that if her husband thought positive thoughts he wouldn’t be sick.
getting bored and deciding to put a empty soda bottle in my cookie jar which led to bad things.
angrily calling out a friend's BS on Twitter without checking if he was following me. He is.
leaving my first job after just 4 days.
getting banned from my 3 favorite subreddits
helping my church
Telling My Friend on FaceTime that Someone Needed to Pee Outside
drinking alone with an empty stomach
asking a girl to be my fwb.
not reading correctly what my girlfriend's friend send me
I tried to cut out my ex and it took a bad turn
*not* using my fleshlight
dropping a glass bottle of fish sauce in my kitchen.
Not Trimming My Nails
I accidentally shit my pants
pressing a button
fainting and breaking my parent’s fan (+ hurting my collarbone)
OOP -You're blind?
touching my Waiters Crotch.
unknowingly embarrassing another parent (and kind of calling her kid awful)
Blurting out the Supposed Reason why a Classmate was Absent to my Teacher
Opiate reaction during hospital stay
paying for a monthly subscription for 2 years without realizing
introducing my teenager to the wonderful world of memes and karma on Reddit
accidentally teaching my little brother to swear...
thinking my post would blow up, but ultimately having it get lost amongst the other s
spitting on a person .
butt dialing my mil TWICE while having a quickie with my husband.
Getting A Speeding Ticket
eating all the pistachios of my host family
inviting my crush over when my mom isn't going to be home
Today I fucked up by not coming up with a better hiding spot
drinking too much at a family gathering.
almost stranding my date in the middle of the woods for a night
I found a shit on the floor
playing American football and winding up with chronic pain.
I just found out that I've been wearing belt the wrong way for 25 years
getting sent to the ER for doing pushups
giving younger sister a phone with the "homework" folder in it and now i am probably going to get disowned
I lost my perfect 5-star passenger rating on Uber
forgetting peppers can cross pollinate
Jalapeño in the ass
retaking a science test and getting the exact same questions wrong
7 years clean...
Honesty screwed me over
forgetting my son still believes in Santa Claus
wearing flip-flops in the rain and spoiling my holiday.
offending my college teacher.
shitting on my girlfriends floor (warning: poop talk)
not having an ID when it’s Amtrak’s policy
telling my friend who’s second language is english and her family that i ate shit
brushing my teeth with my kid's Desitin cream instead of my Crest toothpaste.
telling my crush that I like her, by telling her how hot her mother is.
maybe possibly destroying a coworkers mouth
Puked midway through head
watching conspiracy theory videos
when my 2 year old accidentally ate a habanero piece instead of a carrot when I was making hot sauce 🤦‍♂️
buying an endoscope on amazon
TDLR forgot what drinking was
turning my nose into a shot glass. Twice.
making a joke when my friend's country and family are in danger.
trying to help a customer buy cat food
cheating on a college test and telling my mom
not proofreading work papers
Approving My Son's Joking Comment toward His Classmate in Advance
not talking to my roommates during a pandemic
taking my anxiety medication.
accidentally yelling at my new boss in lieu of my recent return from boot camp.
trying to eat school breakfast
talking to my parents about letting me travel with my friends.
eating pen ink as a bet In first grade
peeing before cleaning up dog vomit
not reading my texts
launching fireworks into an old man's apartment and sending him to the hospital
making a cop suspicious and getting super lucky
breaking my girlfriends finger
mispronouncing a word and introducing sex to a kid
sending my mother a condom joke
LPT:  telling people when the Six Flags opens
installing a virus on my mom’s computer.
asking my husband to grope me while he was on a work call.
yelling “F*** me in the a**!” in a crowd of 40 people
not eating enough before college
feeding some baby raccoons. They multiplied in numbers, won’t leave, and fight my dogs.
not setting proper priorities
running away from 4 ticket inspectors and 4 security
getting Hugh and “losing” a contact lens in my eye.
I sent an anonymous message to a talk show on twitter and realized I was being an asshole (x-post from r/OffMyChestMen)
HBV HERBAL REMEDY
calling my neice an ugly-ass baby
Coughed at a store
manscaping with new conditioner
using noise cancelling headphones
letting a stranger in the library watch my stuff
pranking my friend and having it backfire in front of the class I was teaching
Weddings ain't always fun
leaving my stream on for 8 hours:(
TIF by almost getting expelled
hanging out with a boy during quarantine
having sex at plain sight
missing an empty net twice in a row during my playoff game.
Alarm
thinking my boyfriend was messing with me.
texting my whole staff about how unfair my boss's decision was...including my boss
not cleaning my dick before going into public
accidentally telling a girl what another girl told me about her
giving my girlfriend a migraine.
hitting the rim
Accidentally blasted the start of this song https://youtu.be/o7pqHWef-Io on full blast without headphones.
peeing on my computer
yeeting a "doggybag" onto my roof
trying to prep cinnamon rolls at 10pm
Today I fucked up by not closing my drapes..
being drunk with my crush
with my loud computer.
linking Shrek Hentai to a musician on Instagram
sending a weird text message to my doorman
Life straw in toilet
turning off the tv
and got a finger in my butt.
putting a warm pot on the couch
I was looking like a homeless person/thief in a train, ended up getting threats to be beat up.
Today i fucked up.. really bad.. (tw cutting)
buying a menstrual cup (NSFW)
Does anyone remember the guy who did the 6 hour amphetamine jerk ?
killing my dad
swallowing
You can subscribe here https://studio.youtube.com/channel/UCk_UypfaAweclIWA2A2-XDA
saying yikes to my professor announcing why he went MIA this weekend before our exam...
when I showed my Mum my Amazon order history
When I though it was just a fart - TLDR @ Bottom
keeping my garage door cracked and letting a skunk wander in
blacking out at the barcade
eating a bagel
not having a v Goose (Canada Goose) and making my friend mad at me.
jamming an ethernet cable into my family's WIFI router and getting it stuck.
playing animal crossing
accidentally insulting my neighbor's best friend
putting my phone name as El Chapo
trying to be safe while using a dating app.
showering with new soap
making Skype accounts about other people
googling a friend
not shooting straight
not filtering my thoughts after sex
LPT  having a tinder date in my car
breaking at least one rib.
playing Dead By Daylight
saying something super racist
outing my boss
masturbating after having an appendectomy
smacking myself in the testicle during sex
sold some GME early
and nearly shit myself
Classification of Centrifugal Pumps
Safety Valves
sending 400$ of TECH to a CLOTHING shop
Banana Bread with a hint of cumin
using scissors
not washing properly &amp; burning the hell out of my vagina not washing properly &amp; burning the hell out of my vagina
assuming some simple genital pimples on my penis was HPV
I left my Reddit NSFW page up on the computer while I was in the shower!
using my fiance's dick as a shake weight
letting our dog sleep on the bed with us.
shoving a tissue in my ear way too deep.
Updating my printer's firmware
selling my collection of DS games and consoles.
eating glass in an effort to not be rude
TIL that people are treating the Coronavirus like new guests on a cruise ship treat the buffet line
applying to an IVY just 3 hours before the deadline.
getting mugged while stoned
putting a hole in my desk, possibly breaking my finger, and screaming the F word in front of my parents
calling someone a racial slur because I didn't know what it ment
playing cards with my dad’s girlfriend
giving myself a hickey on my forehead with my gf's dildo.
accidentally saying "I love you" to colleague
being the reason my wife has had acne for years
Pointing out fresh tattoos to my new girlfriend
dropping my phone in a bowl of ice cream.
using a bad microcontroller
talking shit with my mic on
getting scammed out of $200 by a “sugar daddy”
changing my own oil.
sending porn to my family, friends and coworkers while high.
performing a soliloquy at 3 in the morning.
I told a co-worker I would do something very intimate to her on the rugby field
eating mini muffins that expired 5 months ago
taking a massive poop
telling a woman that her husband comes to the bar all the time
accidentally cutting my neighbors off electricity
not wearing my glasses and nearly groping and smacking my boyfriends dad
drinking a beer.
posting a near nude on Instagram
revealing my scrotum removal to my new girlfriend's parents upon first meeting them
potentially ruining my ex Girlfriends family life
trying to melt the ice on my windshield with my wiper fluid
wetting my boyfriend’s mattress
giving cpr to a teddy bear
accidentally tasting my own shit and vomiting explosively all over my wife and tiny flat.
stabbing myself in the boob with a pencil
ignoring this girl
confessing to my (ex) best friend and ex boyfriend that I slept with my best friends fiancé, and getting my car vandalized.
bringing my Balisong to my friends house.
accidentally flashing an entire donut store
cussing out someone in Japanese
paying $60 for a $6 toy
getting a famous politician killed and starting a major international incident because I had to use the restroom
breaking the medicine I was supposed to take
eating 2 day old Chinese food the night before a job interview
not sharing my screen during online exam
slipped on damp ground OUCH!
telling my friend that raping people is my favorite hobby
playing with my new butterfly knife
giving a customer empty pizza box
My throat
assuming I was the "Nice" Billy Bob Derkington
going to emergency care for the stupidest reason going to emergency care for the stupidest reason
dropping a glass bottle, and it stabbed my foot without me knowing.
crushing my finger
pooping at work
when i told the love of my life "why we arent married"
Asked my boyfriend where his dad is now trusting a fart, shitting myself and being helped by a hot girl
forgetting to blend my foundation and looking like someone Jizzed on my forehead.
laughing too hard during a D&amp;D session and simultaneously (almost) ruining my relationship
trying to make it better for the other people
starting a fire in John Lewis
delivering horrible news to my friend
being too confident in my driving skills
giving my best friend my debit card
bursting into the wrong camper trailer at night.
not updating drivers and freeing up space incorrectly
accepting a handshake from a stranger
laughing at a cemetery
being tired and angry
painting my floor, walls and curtains with mayonnaise
flushing the keys to the new work car with my poopie
drinking, adventuring and ending up in the ER after I attempted to play with a dog
why alexa whyy
not wearing a mask while taking out the garbage
Not my story but can this guy get an F
Today I fucked up by pepper spraying my wife.
Doing My Nails
trying to get a grasp on life
making a Trap joke
not knowing I had phimosis and ripping my d*ck open when trying to lose my virginity
Not Answering A Mental Health Survey Honestly
wearing my NO THIS IS PATRICK mask in to work.
I nearly drowned my son to save the camera
not including vaping in my non-smoker policy
not learning my lesson
By rudely hanging up on brand new doctor who called me bc I was sure it was a repeat telemarketer call.
forgetting to stop the recording of my lesson and then stuffing my face with my lunch for my students to see
telling my mom about a bunch wtf facts that I memorized last night after browsing r/askreddit
flavoring my beer with day-old phlegm
sucking on my fingers
leaving my bedroom door open
melting my Xbox controller
getting caught having sex in my own house
telling my contact at City Council that I love her!
thanking my Doctor for complimenting my cervix
bringing my girlfriend to a haunted hotel for our anniversary
Trying to Save a Baby Bird
pooping and ruining thanksgiving
bu reading the comments on that LPT about being with your pet when they’re put down
trying to switch positions in the shower with my wife
venting about my sons teacher (6) while he was in the room.
getting my hair clippings all over a random woman
I thought that choking the chicken was animal cruelty.
getting a paper cut in my asshole
ruining my chances with a girl twice in the same night, also for all my friends, by breaking their shit and calling one fat.
accidentally coming out to my friends while chatting about porn guilty pleasures and fetishes
pranking my bf
because I cut my coochi with a razor
peeing in the shower
Double Paying a Bill Double Paying a Bill
trying to be sexy for my bf
trying to socialize on Facebook
telling him his worked sucked
placing my aquarium next to the kitchen sink
making my mom believe I am doing hard drugs
reading a YSK post and subsequently putting my cat through hell
taking my medication and causing the simulation to glitch
Today I fucked up by nkt joining r/LunaroWarframe
sending a goofy picture with my boobs out to my friend; except it wasn't just to my friend it was to my male coworker. oops
not killing a person.
not reminding my SO that I was in virtual class on Zoom &amp; making him think I was dumping him
trying to do oral hygiene
not an aphrodisiac
Supersized Chair Catastrophe
when I locked my car keys inside my car
blurting out to my sister that she should consider aborting an unborn baby with down-syndrome
paying $4 for a diary that originally cost $3.80 and it was written on the rate list
pooping on the floor. pooping on the floor
But accidentally being a Nazi
receiving a facial from a bottle of hand sanitizer
locking my mom outside of my house
TDIFU by not moving on after 2 years
dropping my opened school laptop and breaking it
convincing my girlfriend she needed to use a dildo before having sex with me.
drinking for the first time, taking wife’s computer and deleting all pictures of her ex.
opening an email I've been avoiding
accidentally taking the wrong medicine and nearly ending my marriage.
earning the nickname "Tug Boat" on my engagement night
saying I find my co-worker attractive without realising he was stood directly behind me, and then my reaction nearly got me sacked from my job
announcing it's Nookie Nookie time
handling my feelings on underage sex poorly
biting my Dental Assistant's finger
discovering this subreddit.
driving a total of over four hours for an interview that is actually happening tomorrow
Not today exactly) by getting my wife pregnant by being over confident with pulling out method in this Lockdown.
pooping on my boyfriend
accidentally hitting close to home with a dark joke
accidentally making my mom go to a really graphic website and making her think I was a sexual deviant at 13.
telling an improper joke
getting my scrotum squashed by the toilet seat cover because I needed to poop
Telling someone their friend passed
eating a bit of poop.
almost divorcing my wife because she farted in front of me.
ruining the floor of a school classroom with liquid metal
calling in sick because I was hung over
Lost my job
adopting two stray dogs
trusting on something you cannot see.
replying to death threats
making the fire dept call 911 several times.
holding onto my poop for too long and expelling it in a liquor store.
Pretty Fly For A White Guy...
writing this post.
I told a plumber the code to my garage door... All he needed was for my garage to stay open so he can get in...
My smart TV got me in fucked up
asserting dominance on my roommate
moaning Donald Trump's name during hot sexy sex.
I didn't wear my mask
ringing up a large lotto order wrong, and having to buy $100 worth of tickets
when I ordered something embarrassing
making edibles and making the whole house smell like weed while everyone was home
making my teacher think that I am an armed robberp
eating a shit ton of cookies for thanksgiving and then smoking a lot of weed
losing around 40 bucks
causing the ban of my dad's 14 year old Reddit account.
when I was, accidentally racist
eating a orange in class and telling my teacher it nutted on me on accident
trying to buy a chair and getting a man with an AK47 instead
making sure I didn't forget my phone/wallet in my car.
Ignorant 15 Years Ago and it Still Haunts Me
losing a pad in the car and my friends found it
eating roadkill because I thought it was jelly from a donut
telling my grown-ass college students what contraceptives are at a conservative Christian university
having sex with my friend’s boyfriend
accidentally messaging my teacher thinking it was my friend in a zoom call
going for a hike
being an asshole
thanking a man for his politeness
neglecting to relocate my vehicle parking authorization
making fun of my unemployed aunt
accidentally spicying up my eyes while cooking
sticking a cotton swab in my gf's ass
I cut my hair
deleting my email alias and losing my account
video calling my site lead... Yeah I should just quit now
making my coworker vomit inside office
Swearing In Class While Everyone Was Silent
adding my father to a discord full of porn
standing up to my work bully and getting in an even worse situation
Forgetting to Put the Garbage Bins Out Front Twice
tasting human flesh.
Did you guys know private chats on Zoom call can be read by the host?
laughing in a customers face
sticking my dick in a poorly made homemade vagina
not knocking on the door
cooking honey in the microwave
getting stuck in a 8 foot deep sand pit
buying my boyfriends clothes
my looking at my poop too closely
being pathetic enough to believe Facebook wouldn't out me
offering my friend $5 for his $2 bill, then driving through a $1.50 toll booth on the way home
sitting in my minivan and getting the police called on me by neighbourhood watch.
squeezing something on my dog
unintentionally outing my friend in the worst way possible.
trying to talk about racism.
calling famous chef Julia Childs a liar.
accidentally outing my friend as gay.... i didnt know she was gay
getting a glass of orange juice and finding something terrible
wanking at my grandfather's funeral
broadcasting my wife's credit card number to everyone in a game server
not letting a billionaires son into the building.
trying to help a stranger but ended up breaking their car
wrecking my ass, a toilet, and my dignity, all in the span of one night
making sexual jokes on "minors"
not checking if I was alone in the house
filing my son's income tax and delaying his stimulus check by months.
showing my young son the Savage Garden ‘Black Hole Sun’ music video, giving him nightmares when their faces warp
telling my gf about the reddit legend who broke both of his arms...
sneezing and breaking my neck.
from NNN
saying the N-word to my African-American boyfriend
electrocuting my balls and having to go to the hospital
burning a hole in my mom's new couch
smoking sativa instead of indica
Destruction with the press of a button
having a salt eating competition
i didn't know what NSFW stood for
making my company save money
trying to eat school breakfast again
accidentally saying the N word to my African-American co-worker
Accidentally Ordering a Prostitute while Crossdressing
forgetting to turn my mic off.
accidentally crashing customer vehicle into bay door and boss hurts himself from this all on my first day on the job.
being named Mohammed.
Becoming a Pedophile
talking dirty with partner on the phone while masturbating and accidentally said “I wanna lick my cock” instead of “I wanna lick your cock”
posting a picture of my cat in a Facebook group
calling my suicidal gf's school about her
revealing that I had started my period at school
shooting my son 3 times
Did I by doing the one chip challenge
becoming a horse fucker.
washing cat toys.
posting a "morbid" GIF on Facebook
not specifying what kind of cider donut I wanted at my local donut shop.
accidentally coming out to my new boss
leaving £50 in the cash machine and walking off.
getting BAKED with my girlfriend.
telling my teacher that my Dad gave a black eye
crossposting to the wrong sub
Please Stop with the Sexy Sex
buying a laptop without a removable battery
not checking the link
telling the professor to shutup mid class
changing the background on my brother's phone
sending a meme to the wrong chat.
mass deleting almost all of my apps and files
spraying my dog with potty training spray
because I ordered a new smart thermostat but instead received a 7ft Legend of Zelda scroll
cheating on my calculus exam.
going to a new massage place and saying I needed it strong.
mis-saying an explaination beacausemy brain mixed up the joke and the explantion... about my perents, infront of my friend whos adopted
getting stung by a wasp on the lip
wearing short sleeves to a family dinner
telling the bullied kid at school he deserves better
exposing my tendencies to my friends
discovering this subreddit
eating lunch in my car
walking on the other side of the sidewalk
implying to my husband that he has a misshapen penis.
and accidently uploaded a picture I shouldn't have
ruining a friendship by having feelings for a friend and telling her. She said no.
going to school Commando
fingering my cat’s puke
dry humping my dick too hard (NSFW)
realising i was named after a mass murderer.
trapping my friend in a game when my friend out of the blue said to like me
drinking ketamine at school
getting played by a prostitute
making my porn super easy to find.
I missed an opportunity landing a date with a girl who was sending me signals...
falling asleep at a bar and waking up with gum in my hair
cleaning out my ears
calling the police
rushing sex with 24 (F) who wanted me 30 (M) to wait
going full Karen on a pharmacist (sorry, a bit long)
spilling frappuccino on myself in public (reupload)
filming a children's playground.
putting oil the gas tank.
telling a coworker his young daughter soon would be calling me daddy
thinking I could lift the garage door by myself
forgetting I have a problem with gluten... then I doubled down when I trusted a fart. Can ya guess where this one is going, kids?
cheating on my girlfriend
Tried to lose weight worked out for a bit ate a salad... And proceeded to eat a pound of macaroni and half a pot pie crust. It's been a productive day.
saying "daddy, chill" in open court
Throwing Away an Awesome Night throwing away an awesome night
sending a screenshot of my open tabs to my classmates
getting a little too excited while doing my eyebrows
starting a test in the middle of the night
getting stuck in the airport wall because my toilet did not flush anaesthetising my balls
Accidentally left a VERY racist screensaver on at school...
swimming in Lake Tahoe without a wetsuit.
calling the cops on my innocent neighbour.
trying to clean my laptop keyboard when I suck at tech stuff
passing out after accidentally suffocating myself in a mask.
slapping a traffic police
" Broke my little toe for the umpteenth time
falling in love with someone that is midbreakup
having foaming body wash on my face for 18 hours
killing my keyboard
accidentally killing a snake, getting my dog bitten, and traumatizing myself for weeks
reading posts before bed
assuming a guy had a meth habbit, when he was staying home to make sure his mother who has cancer's feeding bag wasn't going to switch off during the night.
telling my then gf that I had a kid
"spicing up" my girlfriend's insides
asking a Palestinian about how she was Israeli
being dumb and anxious at a funeral
cleaning up my Burning Man camping garbage
TIFUpdate - by ironing a shirt
Who else clowned themselves HARD AF!
reading my gfs messages
nearly getting my bank account deleted
Browsing fifty/fifty at work
thinking I can light a candle.
making my dad think i masturbate with a toothbrush
incurring a penlie fracture. NSFW
speeding past my girlfriend and her dad
using Non-Diluted pine cleaner to clean my floors.
TIFI By trying to kill a mosquito in the bathroom, not knowing it was drinking
not paying attention to the bath tub and accidentally flooding part of my apartment.
not calling my friend by his dead name
using a spray can to clean the windows inside my car
eating one of the hottest chillis in the world
accidentally chasing someone down the road around midnight injuring my foot in the process.
posting a *ahem* hub link on a Twitch stream
saving my cat?
buying a RTX 3090 in my dream and meeting a concussion
for doing to many drugs before an important work meeting.
taking a walk
Pooped at work
pulling underwear out from under my bed that were not my girlfriend's
That one time I almost lost my finger
agreeing to pet-sit for pet foxes
made a full fridge of perfect meat to bad one
accidentally yelling at my grandmother
not knowing how the call waiting line works
playing Minecraft and getting an achievement
almost stupidly breaking my Foot
not complaining enough about a problem that only fucks me up
scrolling reddit while pooping
at an online lecture: This was BOUND to happen to someone at some point, I'm just mad I was dumb enough to have had it happen to ME
missing my final.
wanting to shape my eyebrows
having confusing CV information
giving my autistic friend a large dose of LSD.
signing into my personal Gmail on a company laptop
fucking a guy in the dick and forgetting to ask for his consent
My dad fucked up 20 years ago by turning down a ground floor job/ investment with RedBull
by leaving my edibles out and now my dog is tripping balls.
shitting myself in traffic next to my GF and locking myself out of my apartment
pet a cat and ending up with $200 medical bill
eating hot Cheetos
Laxative Horror
not being able to do 100 push ups.
drinking an unknown liquid from a glass after its been standing there for 10 months
accidentally saying something super racist to an already-insecure girl
saying “nice to meet you” to a hiring manager calling to schedule an interview
not asking someone to repeat what they said.
unknowingly attending a gay furry orgy
in the drugstore.
having the chance for my new single to be played on a MAJOR radio station, but I sent the DJ the wrong mp3!!
pooping in the garbage can in my room
Asking a Homeless Guy Where He Lives
going out with my Husband
asking a cursed question which made my boyfriend dump me and I never got an answer
Wrong Bathroom!
asking my dad to say hi to my boyfriend on discord
Adopting a Puppy
taking my grandma to the store
trying to help my bf out of a bad home situation and now I can’t even close my bathroom door
trying to fix headset tehy gave me from work
thinking a non-trans sub would actually accept trans people
walking to pickup my food in a snow storm
sleeping during the day
investigating the guy climbing the porch
eating a sandwich with expired turkey...it expired 2 weeks ago.
subscribing to this sub
POOPING in a police station
telling a girl I want to fuck a pig
accidentally hoarding toilet paper.
nearly showing half of my class my dick pics
contracting herpes from a 4 yr old
selling someone's pet
letting my cat smell my finger
giving my debt card to someone and losing 20K
not trimming my pubes
sending a cat fact in a private message thinking that that what he wanted
cheaping out on insurance
not properly using a boat trailer and almost killing my brother
blacking out outside my apartment and shat myself for everyone to witness
taking my girlfriend to a drive in movie theatre and not hearing the movie
saying very.....disrespectful? Things at church.
I almost tackled a disabled person to the floor by accident.
not swiping off RuPaul’s Drag Race
leaving the toaster plugged in
sending a note in my daughters lunchbox
throwing up on my dashboard.
mixing up how much chocolate my dog ate and got my dad scammed in return (and put my dog through hell!)
Accepting a Scholarship
taking too long to change clothes
trying to make myself more comfortable
sharing personal details with my friends on discord
Never Bash Anything Around Christmas
calling special police units because of presumed bomb attack
accidentally shatting myself
Today I 31(f) had sex with my stepbrother 30(m)
M16] by having sex with my girlfriend  and my dad walked past the window.
playing with my dog during Quarantine
making a valid point
deleting Steam from my computer
having sex with my gf without knowing she was in her period
getting caught masturbating by my little brother.
not getting divorced
Accidentally call my my mom while having sex
realizing my childhood memory of seeing an outie belly button was actually a toddler's penis
and got a birthday speeding ticket.
scaring a tiny old lady in an elevator
laughing at the fact that my friend's dad was dead.
accidentally calling my nurse a slur
Attempting to buy an onlyfans subscription...
learning my best friends mom is a closeted lesbian
sticking my hand inside a hole in the garage, accidentally mōlesting a skunk (and kîlling two kits)
accidentally sent an email to my teacher saying “F You” during a lesson
Trying to help someone in public transport
sending an email to the wrong person
having everything go wrong at my first gas station trip
a mean joke and lots of past due work
not locking the bathroom door
eating popcorn too enthusiastically
Yelled at a customer service rep for something which wasn't his fault
sending my dream employer Pokemon Stadium 2 instead of my resume
complimenting my crush in front of the entire classroom.
being openly gay
accidentally admitting to my brother that he has a big dick
consuming too much pig oil (pls help)
dipping my cookies into some milk
Reviewing My Butt
pranking my office à la Jim from The Office
accidentally accumulating my sperm for months in my toilet
sending Butts to a girl!
playing basketball and hurting my knee
making a complete fool of myself Infront of a psyche patients.
participating in a cheating group to make friends and getting caught.
telling my parents that I had sex with my sister.
getting caught by my date (25F) checking out my (30M) butthole in the mirror. Yes, you read that right.
stealing beer as a teenager
Oh, THAT train
How I fucked up the second to last time my step siblings came over
treating my partner with gifts
becoming racist
bookmarking “Old Man Fucks Entire Galaxy”
joining NSFW subbredits
reading about my Vasectomy before getting a vasectomy.
Last night, I wore a pair of “panties” for my hookup that made things a bit awkward
transferring my fear to my dog
thinking about ways to spread cheer during the covid19 outbreak.
my French fries
Trash talking on a video game while coworkers were listening.
telling my grandmother she has Alzheimer's which she didn't
talking about pedophilia.
nearly joining a cult
saying that I would like to go on a date
(possibly) making someone delete their account
not believing in myself when i made this video and people called me trash, and i lost faith in myself even when other people said it was good
Playing Beat Saber During Passing Period
daring my friend to lick her foot
getting caught for lusting over my teacher
Bu losing my AirPods
making a joke on date
getting a blowjob in the car
not knowing about browser history
Addicted to boyzillian waxing...
leaving a men's shirt in the bathroom
watching “The Strange Life About The Johnsons” thinking it was a comedy
going into the bathroom right after fun times with my BF
asking my boyfriend (54) if he would enjoy having a premium subscription to a porn site as one of his b-day gifts
getting a flu shot
showing sexual fan art to grade 7s
LPT- Yes, you CAN blame the dog instead of the 12 people you just called a c#nt.
LPT:  not driving to work
unlocking my phone
giving a pc to a stranger
leaving my game up with my mic unmuted
making pizza and cookies
I told my mates girlfriends' best friend that her boyfriend is planning on breaking up with her
eating the world's spiciest chip
letting my gf drive my new car
tossing my coffee on some girl's lap and insulting her
shaving half of my eyebrow off
sarcastically threatening my language teacher to cheat in an online test
giving people body wash to use as lotion
giving a good argument to my mom
accidentally getting super high and not sleeping through the night.
almost losing my job due to porn addiction
leaving my window open at night in a place with a lot of strays
tasting fudge sauce
Calling My Boyfriend
putting the wrong topping on my rice, costing me hundreds.
scaring away a mouse mid-birth
not sure what to do
placing an "easter egg" in one of my company's excel file.
By calling and asking my ex for closure
wasting 1500$ to take a nap
People who post dick pics are trashy
thinking the home page of google analytics shows number of pageviews for last 10 years
I accidentally cut myself with a sharp knife
putting my feces in a plastic bag
farting in the elevator thinking no else was left at work.
brushing with preparation H for 3 years
Hi live in Russia
trying to learn how to speak to women using a fake profile
Getting Dirty With A Horse
being first in the queue...
hooking with someone from a club
letting one rip while on a zoom call with my company’s CEO
rubbing the wrongs girls leg at the theatre.
not sleeping with blankets. RIP.
taking a prank too far
TI(S)U by violating someone’s trust in me
trying to make a coffee making one of my wife's friends cry
changing my fb profile picture to something not so great
almost sledding straight into a tree only to be “saved”... by 2 children
h
using the word ‘vanity’ in the worst possible context.
breaking up with a girl I was chatting with on Reddit
not throwing away the trash leading to a maggot infestation
making my boyfriend think a ghost in our house
reverse catfishing
forgetting my facial moisturizer at home.
helping my boyfriend with his insulin.
showing my girlfriend a movie that gave her a panic attack
I'm an idiot
streaking on a web conference
“papier mâché”ing my ass
Poor financial loan decision.
cooking a frozen pizza wrong...
almost clogging my toilet
uploading startrek lower decks onto my youtube account and now it's suspended. Does anyone know how long does the suspension last?
criticizing a professor on a video call when he joined us
leaving a frozen pizza in my car overnight
Told a Gypsy from the oldest family/mafia settlement in Europe that he and partner were good lucking to be gypsies.
and ruined my marriage in 2 second
Exactly How the Coronavirus Will Adjustment Traveling
telling a cop not to flatter himself
trying new positions.
offering a piece of gum.
not closing the bedroom door properly
pretending to have just received oral sex at work. NSFW
making a home made mask
shaving my eyebrows.
ruining my boyfriends birthday.
getting into a car accident
misreading recipe instructions
sleeping in loose shorts with a new cat around. (NSFW)
being too cheap to pay someone to change the oil in my car.
being a racist after buying some ice cream at walmart
never getting my bust measured
trespassing on the world’s largest Navy base, as a civilian, repeatedly, and subsequently being detained and interrogated by the US Navy and Homeland Security
Went overboard on Benzos and had a psychotic rage
I got jumped.
almost castrating myself with a pair of scissors.
"protecting" a woodchuck
I Wonder What Other Cool Things My Dad Did?
learning English from the Internet
My drunk dad almost getting suckerpunch(messing wit me mentally if he was to get ko d i could not protect him
Spilling Water on Someone at a Drawing Contest (and more!)
Today I fucked up bad
slamming my elbow into the corner of the fridge door. telling my mom to crack an egg
chomping down on my brocken tooth
putting my 5 year old on a water ride
saying happy birthday to the wrong person
accidentally making cough syrup at home
going to a happy ending massage place being 40 weeks pregnant
nearly sending homemade porn to by boss's boss.
not listening to the old addage...
Slime, Kids &amp; Husbands... (PICS INCLUDED)
forgetting to put a first-aid kit in my car
By fighting with my best cousin
adding ketchup on my burger
Today, I fucked up by pushing my girlfriend
breaking my friend's tooth mixing adderall and caffeine
drugging 30 cats and becoming their bitch.
drinking milk in my tea
at my favorite Mexican restaurant
TL;DR: Didn't check to see if I got meeting id for my interview. After displaying clear lack of planning due to my last minute email I sent a probably pretentious email to my interviewer and likely left them with a very bad impression of me over all and practically wasted the whole day.
having sex with my GF
Trying to Hit 60 MPH on a bike on a first date
as an older cousin who should be looking out for his younger cousin
Setting my Dick on Fire (Almost Literally)
update by giving a homeless man a home and making him homeless again.
TIFUpdate: sprained my finger again jerking off
telling a complete Stranger to suck my dick
being rude to a customer
thinking so hard about Batman that I ruined it for myself (WARNING: may ruin Batman)
I think I killed my Nan
procrastinating
leaving an orange in my clarinet during a concert.
crashing my first car... after 2 hours.
self bukkake-ing
PUA Payment Status Says REJECTED !!!!! Helpp
sleeping with a Mr.Freeze
almost eating snail
I accidentally broke the speakers that play music at my workplace.
thinking that "a/s/l" meant something else in online chats and missing out on a lot.
being honest at a work meeting resulting in my manager's life to fall apart.
not visiting the official reddit website, and not checking my reddit inbox
I used clorox bleach wipes instead of butt wipes...
trying to cheat No Nut November and making myself jizz blood (NSFW)
setting my balls on "fire"
my cousin and ruining his little sisters 21st birthday
accidentally sending a Buzzfeed quiz to all my friends at 3 in the morning
I unwittingly used my mom’s fear against her.
spilling alcohol all over my desk
locking my 5 year old out of the house.
matching residents agression. NEED IMMEDIATE ASSISTANCE
losing an opportunity with my crush twice
falling down the stairs TWICE
thinking I was wearing a diaper to bed
playing a netball match after a nipple piercing
drinking an energy drink
Shared the wrong screen in a web conference
outing myself in front of bigot teacher AND whole classroom
So my mom had to go to grandma
Got too high on a school trip
almost slicing open my wrist while cutting food.
insinuating I was going to rip my s.o.'s head off and eat it during sex.
trusting my new earphones and playing music directly through the phone instead
showing my grandmother a dirty picture
deleting my 6 year old Minecraft world.
not realising others could see my drawings in Zoom
So  getting baby shit over my cream carpet, shoe cabinet and walls
getting Vagina Gunk™ in my eye and causing a series of unfortunate events to occurand it’s my reddit bday
staring at a cute girl's butt for too long unintentionally while being excited
Buy Facebook Reviews ( Real 100% Verified Non drop Reviews Service)
telling a blind person to look at a screen
Fainted during workout
telling my professor to fuck off
Welp I goofed
Walking Into The Bathroom Without Knocking.
being friends with only extreme leftists
fainting in front of a street performer's huge audience
Mumbling My Words
Why me.
drinking oil thinking it was soda
using the wrong towel.
declaring myself "King Retard" to the whole company.
not putting 'white magic powder' in my sibling's fried rice.
Radydtargug
killing my girlfriend
left my bluetooth headphones in my moms room
accidentally texting my manager at my new job something embarrassingly dumb
trying to play a joke on my Grandmother
Yelling at the neighbor
asking a customer to repeat himself
doing HIIT exercise that immobilized me to my couch now.
poopin in class during a lock down drill
Gave my hot water bag to my sick flatmate
misreading a situation and causing a severe mental health episode.
sucking my own dick while my teacher watches
getting a lap dance too (2)
taking a walk through a nature preserve to "Get out of my shell"
imagining something as a joke and then it actually happening
NSFW If you have an erection for more than four hours - Go to the hospital!
asking my wife why she has to pee
lying that I did something on the dark web and getting swatted a few days later
bringing a hooker to my house
insulting my teacher in an online call
using "dish soap" for the Dishwasher
Positive is good?
School was a shitshow
yelling a racial slur at a random dude out of courtesy
discussing my dog’s butthole
when trying to do a good thing and buy a dog who needed a home
having to throw up after going #2
Exposed myself to my best friend
not submitting any of my assignments for an entire semester
forcing my eyes when taking an eye test
thinking that "Don't let the door hit you on your way out" was a polite phrase
when I chugged a bottle of “water”
ordering a hot burger the night before we travel back home.
entering a no-sleep contest with my friend for high stakes (read completely)
because my grandma found my SoundCloud
Accidentally left the house with my weed pen in my pocket and placed it on the table at work meeting...
GF read a text not meant for her
Accusing man of cat theft
ordering pizza and wings and falling asleep.
going on Reddit
doing a face reveal
getting white out all over the locker room
thinking graphite wasn't conductive
exploring an old military base, ended up getting probed in a very uncomfortable manner
Offered help
sharing my code with my entire class
clogging the toilet.
at the shops
getting caught with my stepmother’s panties.
being sus in electrical😔.
inviting friends over
calling my mom bitch
LISTEN TO THIS CHU FUCKEY NASSHOLES!
bringing a girl home during lunch
Threw the Remote...Now I Owe My Dad a New TV
while in the Mr Beast app
I let my guard down for a moment when dealing with a dangerous suspect
Guys, what's your most recent moment. Share with us!
By being a horny teenager...
My alarm didn’t make noise and I missed work. Now I’m afraid I’m going to lose my job.
neglecting to pick up dog poop before the winter storm.
up letting out the most obnoxious fart in the history of obnoxious farts because I thought I was alone
crossing the line with my sister, again
thinking I was tough and reading 177013
sending my sister a titty pic
letting my mom borrow my phone and see sexts
embarrassing myself in front of 3 football club members (&amp; their parents)
not knowing how to smoke and spitting my head open
sending my nudes to my teacher.
using my phone in class
and now the fires of Mount Doom are burning
getting my "children juices" ready.
trying to buy a plush for one of the kids but instead getting banned to the shop
wanting cream in my coffee
for eating my company’s Christmas gift.
subbing to this subreddit which consists of literal smut fan fiction.
accidentally dating a transgender kid who I didn’t know was trans.
Drugs comedown, feeling like shit
I broke at $1000+ TV that i was still paying off.
getting it on with my wife in the living room after hiding Easter Eggs.
accidently peeing on the entrance stairs of a 5 star hotel and watched the stream flow down the long stairs.
Asking Someone If I Can Help
eating melted chocolate while going #2.
smashing 20-30 microwaves at my job
missing the deadline for a Final Exam.
taking a power nap at a red light
not paying proper attention to my dog
ban me from adegaergserfgxistnecef
leaving my door unlocked in my apartment to take my daughter to the park and someone walked in and took our last remaining 500 dollars from us. Happy new year everyone.
using dry shampoo instead of showering.
nsfw
pissing in a styrofoam cup
giving my sister a hard time for not having a drink
having an abortion on my birthday and the start of a vacation.
How to farm karma on r/
being a stupid horny dickhead
showing a cashier my naked girlfriend..
sending sexy pic to husband AND his coworker
falling into an obvious prank and having to be stuck with a terrible name on Instagram
showing off my toys to plumbers
being a walking rainbow.
I casted porn from the bathroom to the family room TV
nearly ignoring someone because I thought they were homeless
accidentally drinking hydrogen peroxide
forgetting my wallet the night of my proposal
thinking I can make my breathe fresher while in a Metro
climbing through the ceiling
attempting to make my own birthday cake (photo in link)
addressing visible nipples
writing Joe Biden a letter.
Girl I was dancing with in the club ended up being a transsexual and didn’t know it until 3 weeks later
for possibly breaking ny sister's nose
wondering what that smell was
taking away a toy my little sisters were fighting over
JEWS ARE FUCKING ASSHOLES. I'D LIKE TO GO ON A JEW NECK WRINGING SPREE
accidentally posted my nudes on my snapchat story
whatsapping my husband’s ex after finding her number on Google
On MDMA I got bubble gum IN HER PUSSY BUSH.
Neighborhood pool got shut down because of me
losing my key and not being able to send my mom a present.
Forgetting to Close NSFW Reddit On My Phone.
liyng on my final paper
not knowing you can get an ass infection from sitting too much
accidently letting my Baby Skunk leave my side (SAD STORY)...
stealing my friends girlfriend that I just got for him
sharting my pants in public, which led to me being searched by the police.
pointing out to a classmate about his disability that he didn't know he had..
skinny dipping.
deleting my save data
playing Animal Crossing and smoking weed.
resurrecting my mums dead dog
asking a co-worker to go into the men’s room to ask for a BJ
gifting money to the wrong Amazon account
taking an edible and giving a housemate a ride
accidentally spilling coffee on someone on a train
giving my sister a baby gift
hitting my crush
helping a girl get over her ex and out of her depression.
testing out the rules of
driving into Black Ice
taking 4 little blue pills as a joke...
accidentally deleting the folder on my desktop with all my personal files.
leaving toilet paper with my fapping leftovers on my desk
reading the comments on r/TIL post: "In males, 80% to 95% of REM sleep is normally accompanied by partial to full penile erection."
forgetting to pull up my pants
wasting a year of my life dating a guy who’s lowkey dating his mother (TW: emotional incest)
almost becoming a cat murderer
It was suggested I share this story here...bundled up with a happy ending for Valentine's Day
setting up a bucket style no-kill mouse trap, thereby accidentally creating a tiny mouse-sized gladiator arena, and the results are... rather morbid.
peeling chilis before surgery
My hip hurts because I'm stupid
slamming a vibrator into my ex
watching a Brandon Rogers video in front of my teacher
Today I Fucked Up by Telling My Boyfriend's Mom I Fucked Up
and woke up in a pool of blood
shitting myself on an overnight bus after thinking that I’d been kidnapped by Bosnians. thinking I was tougher then I actually am
sexing the sex while having sex.
telling a dead dad joke
drinking a beer at 3AM
Accidentally conditioned my cat into being able to sniff out weed
Today I fucked up by getting a butt plug stuck in my fiancées ass.
accidentally stealing a young family's pet dog
not pursuing a relationship with a woman who shared my passions
cleaning my penis with tee tree oil face wash NSFW
giving my sister marijuana edibles, and ruined her holiday weekend and I got to see deadmau5 for free
screaming at a bee.
I just swallowed a piece of candied ginger whole.
saying I wanted to bang my girlfriend
burning all my saving
underestimating my mother's discipline tactics
sending a link to polish cow in a zoom call
asking my grandpa if he was feeling better
making my son think the Tooth Fairy had the coronavirus
just realizing after living in this house for three years that the chimney was open and letting in cold air
peeing
getting scammed that I had a job
Switching Cell Carriers While Dating
sneezing while taking a piss
I poured lemonade into coke (plus bonus about the time I made coffee with gravy) taking a shit
today I f#$ked up and Questioned NAACP
tootin' my own horn
falling for a job scam and losing my entire disability payment
trying to pass airport security with diarrhea
giving my wife edibles
accidentally “spicing” up foreplay.
My kid stole my truck and destroyed my neighbors fence.
being a nice civillian in a car wash
21  lil tight pussyCat, looking for some nice guys to chat with nice guys on here.
the attic incident!
Gave my meal to the dog on accsident😪😪
messing up a drink
taking my shoes off at the gym
accidently revealling my dad was cheating on his gf.
Bled through all my clothes and mom had to buy new ones
not knowing that there's a "chewable" Dramamine
swallowing peppermint gum
having the pornhub intro as my notification sound
i doing'd their mom
and Came across an inconspicuous sub about accidental sex mistakes.
I tried running away from my mom
sending my 10 yo daughter to school with a NSFL picture of a naked man.
stepping on our boats trim tab and almost sinking our boat in the cold, Alaskan ocean.
getting caught by my MOM while jerking off
not realising I was already muted
not hanging up the phone properly before bitching about my brother in law
and my roommate saw my cock
attempting to sing opera while doing planks in my hallway.
Driving Away Without Unplugging The Block Heater Cord and Causing Over $1000 In Damage To My New Car
accidentally super liking a teacher
falling in the Danube and creating a snapchat group with over 20 girls while on a date with one of them.
tossing a used condom off my bed.
stuttering at the worst time.
turning on the wrong burner
trying to remove swastikas from asphalt
almost letting my best friend get raped(or kidnapped idk) at a party.
asking my cousin about something that allegedly happened
submitting this post on this sub.
revealing myself as desperate cyberstalker
trying to convince my friends that they were mispronouncing a word even though I was
wanting to save time
making my mum think I was a murderer
giving a gluten and lactose intolerant resident the wrong breakfast being in a rush
falling on my face, being mistaken for a drunk bike rider, and making a language mishap that falsely reported a crime.
trying to help an old lady at work
playing a joke on my crush.
screaming Savages! at my boyfriend when he gently tried to kiss my cheek
nutting on my doctors hand during my physical.
Subscribed for gym
telling my dad i wouldn’t use the gift he bought me.
almost having to take my shirt and pants off at a corner store in front of a cute innocent lady
I'm accidently sent my tits to a stranger on snap
accidentally applying rubbing alcohol to a peeling skin from severe sun burn on my nose.
giving my bosses a ride, calling myself an escort and making a joke about one of thier dead fathers
placing sodium in mouth
Starting a Free Trial On Audible With A Gift Card
hitting on a potential fuckbuddy after refusing him in first place
not asserting my boundaries 4 months ago
accidentally pepper spraying my family
not responding to my texts (L)
I skipped class
painting my nails
being lazy when I eat meat
showing up to school... sober
giving myself whiplash in the shower
being my creepy uncle's pin-pal when I was 16
trying to scrap a broken vibrator for parts
What would you ask?
forgetting where the keys are on a keyboard and writing a derogatory term
killing Emile the worm and making my gf of 2 years cry herself to sleep
My dad almost getting suckpunched(messing wit me mentally knowing i wouldnt be able to protect him
I NEED HELP ASAP. Today I Fucked Up by giving a friend of mine my phone to message his girflriend
skipping online class for two weeks
hugging a random guy at a gas station in the middle of nowhere.
looking for a word that means something is happening?
freezing
spraining my ankle and losing my phone
accidentally showing my painted toenails to my in laws. I am a guy
upgrading my home bar equipment and accidentally plastering myself on date night.
Trying to compliment my tour guide
giving myself the shits
deleting media on my fathers phone
not wearing sunscreen and using tanning beds.
getting trapped.
when my uncle caught me naked
finally listening to my coworker’s stories and fucking her boyfriend
Today I f***** up by calling my friend while he was having sex with a rando
possibly failing a class I need to graduate on time
I am quarantined solo, party of one, me myself and I. And well, I thought about a hug.
getting drunk
being too awkward
going to the doctor for an infected thumb.
spaghetti explosions
when tech guy foubd my "deviant" porn stash
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR PERCOCET ONLINE WITHOUT PRESCRIPTION
sending my lesbian friend a dick pic instead of my wife.
Unintentionally sounded excited over someone’s suicide
leading my brother and dad into the wrong bathroom
Switching Cell Phone Carriers
freezing my bongs water
buying new white headphones. (With a bit of a win at the end)
getting my boss fired for an "accident"
getting my hand trapped in a log while I was alone in the forest
taking Benadryl to get to sleep.
"testing" if the girl I was talking to actually cared about me.
attending a birthday party and getting shitfaced
pressing the gas instead of the brake in a Target parking lot
talking about dads with a girl
cutting my asscheek while shaving
cutting up Jalapenos &amp; Serrano peppers for chili, and wiping the sweat off my face
making "can girl style" videos of myself and not telling my wife.
not checking what time my online test closed
Need some advice, we fucked up lol 😫
I asked a girl about a cherry
becoming a nudist the day my stepdad came to visit
smoking weed in my bedroom
wearing a facemask covered in my own cum for the entire day
dropping my 3DS.
suctioning my menstrual cup to my cervix
trusting my parking brake
unintentionally being racist for years
NSFW  hiding my vibrator in a bag in a box under my bed
cooking a curry for my gf.
Dropped my salad
when I walked behind my friend when he was doing a backflip
assuming my mom would think my story about Jesus was funny
making a gingerbread penis (NSFW maybe?)
Answering a Companywide Zoom Call from the Toilet in the Office
thinking at 2 pm I was starting my class
my last important online exam this semestar
not looking before touching.
asking the girl I am talking to what she named her new dog
forgetting my dad's office is also where I'm currently sleeping
showing my pp to my class when i accidentally left my camera on for the whole duration of my online class.
letting my wife into the bathroom while I was taking a shower
letting my SO feast ...down there.
trying to frisbee a lid to the bin. driving to work
thinking I could get to world tier 4 in Division 2 during the maintenance countdown
trying to have a shit faced foursome
screaming to my fiance and being sarcastic forgetting to lock the door while shaving my hoohoo
Drug dealer prank
implying my gf (at the time) was fat NSFW
writing a song to my boss instead of writing to my workmates
pissing on the floor of my first sex plan ever.
stealing a homeless person's bike
assuming a girl's age
not accepting the Charge-free Circumcision Program
eating kebab
cutting a watermelon sideways with a razor sharp knife.
Faking an Orgasm
I put mint scented essential oil in my toilet water and now my asshole burns.
By taking a sleeping pill
not shitting my pants, like an adult should have.
assigning a book I'd never read to a teen student
trying to hide keys in the worst possible place
telling sex stories in the company of my deeply religious relatives
wiping my dogs ass with a tissue
Technologies used by Call Center Services Provider in India
wanting to watch a movie with the kids “Benji”
pretending I didn't catch feelings
Yesterday I fucked up 😂 Tried cleaning shoes with bleach and now they are bright orange
Rick-rolling my classmate/s
daring my boyfriend to put yogurt in my ass
I sent my mom nudes. That werent only supposed to be sent to someone else-but to a PAYING CLIENT. AND SHE HAD NO IDEA I WAS A CAM MODEL!
for being romantic and buying my long distance fiancé a Valentine’s Day surprise
walking into a swamp
accidentally making my partner think it was raining
bringing Cards Against Humanity to school
telling my dad to “keep riding Trump's dick".
showing a female class mate a picture of a d*ck
accidently singing i'm an ass and titties lover in front of my cousin sister.
getting into an accident with no insurance
believing my boyfriend had been in a relationship with his cousin
I should have known he was sick
ignoring the temperature light of the car my father is driving
not wearing the right size of pads in my dads car
making my gf compare between me and her friend who doesn't know of our relationship and thinks of us as friends
eating two whole pomegranates and not chewing the seeds super well.
posting nudes online and my dads friends all saw &amp; SHOWED HIM. Dad has now seen his daughter masturbating ffs
While super stoned I once actually gave platinum to a post I meant to give silver..
trying to take vengeance on some ants
I lost my temper and now this bad thing i said is stuck.
calling the wrong number
having sex with my stepsister.
saying too much to my mom.
a school project
breaking my neighbours nose
I’m tired of the obviously fake nsfw Rufus that are flooding my stream so here’s a petition
breaking my sisters wrists.
Cumming on my Cat
trying to look attractive for my date by doing a live mukbang at dinner.
Possibly) by trusting and sending someone $60 for some stuff I was after
getting accidentally intimate with a cousin
I sneezed in to an ashtray
Tufi the title of this whole sub reddit
getting extremely drunk and urinating on my best friend’s parents breakfast
getting caught by the wife rubbing one out to a nostalgic picture I printed off a few years back. I did NOT know the picture was her grandmother.
Nudes sent across instagram
Taking 5 Times My Regular Dosage
going to the nose doctor
walking in on my bro looking at a “nice” pic of his GF
playing just dance after 10 p.m.
I didn’t realize calling a girl clingy as a joke was bad
4 years ago while wasted on halloween.
not doing any homework
letting my son hit on my coworker.
making a really stupid suicide joke in my social studies class
getting charged $1900 for returning a rental car early
working myself to the bones at home for the last few weeks, because My brain can’t dissociate between work hours and off hours. Anyone else feel that way?
losing NNN on the first day
farting at my bosses daughters wedding and becoming “shrimp boy” amongst my peers
being a lightweight.
letting someone assist with the worst dog-sitting experience ever.
Dancing With The Wrong Girl NSFW
telling my family my wife’s grandfather died.
publishing a book as a christmas present for my mom.
Eating an Edible
Called someone fat
letting my friend draw on me with a pen
letting a friend fly me out to Maui and stay with him rent free for the summer no strings attached..
trying to make a joke at a research presentation
giving my girlfriend a piggyback ride UPDATE
By existing recently
Soiling my drawers at Walmart
having the epic sex
taking a naked photo of myself with my boyfriend.
accidentally destroying my girlfriend’s lego collection in VR
Getting Help With Mental Issues
creating a reddit account
getting blue toilet water in my eye.
giving my friend my Minecraft account which hasn't been resolved yet
giving my hard earned money to a random stranger for my own delight
forgetting to mute myself in a call before angrily insulting one of my real life friends in csgo
ruining Christmas, by not asking "Landscape mode or Portrait mode?"
accidently masturbating onto my mothers face VERY NSFW
shaving my balls with a razor blade
sending a text meant for my mom, to my boss
sticking a cotton swab in my bf's ass
thinking this was a sub dedicated to professional fortnite player, Tfue
I got my dad on the FBI and CCU watchlist.
starting a biology quiz without reading all of the readings.
booking a flight with connection
calling the company I work for on a violation of contract.
playfully chasing my gf
giving my spouse expired juice.
taking "you" referring to me in a business transaction.
telling the manager at an upscale restaurant that she is the Devil
letting my shirt ride up...
working out on pain medication
not properly powering my GPU for nearly a year.
falling for an online girl and breaking up with my long term girlfriend due to covid quarantine
Backwashing Jesus' Blood
slurring my words while drinking and sounding like a straight racist
a FANtastic ending
pressing X
licking the container of Nutella Breadsticks and ending up in the ER
giving my boyfriend a blowjob
turning off an entire concert accidentally.
giving my Dad a lift home after work
Falling Asleep Before I Could Help my Friends
CHRISTMAS, IN-LAW EDITION
laughing at a question and looking like an asshole
sleeping with my phone next to me on the day of finals
getting my grandma too high
when I *almost* robbed a bread store
shitting in my bully's yard
I made a mistake by trying to close a bidet
not regtering my grandmother death
making my little sisters friend wet herself by accident
grabbing my teacher's breast
fell asleep naked
befriending my neighbor and finding out that 2 people died in my house a year before we bought it.
Because I sign up for an event, run into an error, try to get back in, but can’t because of a stupid reason
saying “Ok Boomer” to my parents.
impulsively going out on a date
leaving school early right after a test
questioning demonic alley cats.
letting my girlfriend kiss me
not identifying seizures I have been having. dislocating my shoulders for awhile.
shaving a line in my pubic hair
inadvertently asking out a girl.
drinking lemon juice
forgetting that farts stink
chatting with a person for a few days but not mentioning I was from out of town
accidently giving my wife a golden shower.
telling her I knew what ‘hentai’ meant.
cracking the new screen on my phone while replacing it.
Deleting Most of My Downloaded Games
burning my dick with soap
Thinking My Earbuds Were Plugged In
nearly burning down my apartment because I have pink eye.
telling my MIL that my boyfriends best friend has a pee fetish
almost killing my 4-day-old PC
Getting my Basement Pumped (Again)
growing myself a Bigger Dick
walking away from my parents during a debate over police brutality.
making my cum sock an ant magnet
The 11 Best Points to See as well as Perform In Israel
stuffing my face with edibles before dinner with my wife's parents.
for cussing out my neighbors and calling the cops when all they wanted was a TIF
pretending to know a girl who thought she knew me.
i mistook my best friend (M) for a girl
cosplaying
putting my dick away
not muting my mic during an online lesson
Bruised nerves
eating a fish...
didn't use sun screen on my legs
yelling "JESUS LOVES YOU!" at a cyclist
forgetting my bf‘s dog at the grocery store
for using my phone at work while forgetting to close the porn site I had watched back at home
hooking up with a guy my gay friend liked on my period
BiBitcoin mining
making toast at 3am
breaking my collarbone
opening the camera roll on my grandparent's iPad.
Sent porn to my religious cousin I don't even talk to
accidentally sending a friend request to one of my sister’s friend. Now I look like pedophile.
accidentally "deep frying" my taco meat
unintentionally being an asshole and running my chances with a woman.
Ouch my dick
watching the suicide scene in 13 Reasons Why and passing out
attempting to update my mac's OS without a backup of all my files and now I'm fucked
when I(16f) almost drowned my sister(3f) in our above-ground pool.
TDIF By not changing my passwords
dying my feet blue.
costing myself hundreds of dollars and fucking up my chances of getting laid anytime in the near future
needing a drink of water at night.
dropping my ring in the toilet, after I used it.
sexing when I shouldn’t have sexed sex
having sex in a jacuzzi tub.
Freestyled on the piano like a baby chimpanzee - in public
not staying quiet when I needed to and wording my thoughts poorly. hulking out on a valve I thought was just stuck and creating a geyser on a golf course.
gifting a 23andMe kit
insinuating I would be having sex with my boss
telling my best friend he should be with me and that I love him. He has a girlfriend though.
listening to loud song
Being An Accidental Racist
messing with my cousins gameboy color
getting an IUD placed (well I messed up a lot)
breaking my face by falling down stairs and being a pirate now
ignoring my uncle for years on Facebook
running through a vape cloud. I'm am now scared shitless by the possibility of coronavirus.
my girlfriend seeing my phone
Not a good 4th of July blowup
dropping my kid’s pizza on the floor and quickly scooping it back up.
swimming two and a half hours with my non waterproof phone
as I accidentally looked at my cat while beating the meat and I feel sorry he had to see that
after my gf saw my imaginary ex gf
causing a panic in the biggest supermarket I've been to
swallowing bubble wrap in my sleep
arguing with a little girl.
Googling Someone I Know's Name And Finding Out He's Being Charged With Child Porn
answering a knock on my door
filing an intellectual property claim against someone that has a friend that works at Facebook and had my account shut down
hopping down from a railing and becoming a ballerina
Not Washing My Protein Shaker
telling my classmates that 50 Shades Of Grey is an inspirational movie.
masturbating with the bath faucet
destroying property where I work
making my coworkers believe my fiancee had passed away
having a raging boner in front of my doctor during a physical
making my neighbor think I beat my wife
letting a man stuff my mouth with his boxer briefs
going to Fenway park and getting shit on. Twice.
giggling when my boss told me he had a disabled daughter.
returning a box of condoms back to the store
making light of the Coronavirus situation by joking about my GF recently going to South Korea (she did), and then drinking too much Sunday and calling in sick Monday.
ignoring my friends calls and texts
destroying my kitchen with a chemical reaction.
when I roofied my boyfriend and I on Mother’s day.
realizing that I've been training my gecko to sh*t on me each time I pick him up
giving my ex-husband an engagement ring and then forgetting what it looked like
changing the HDMI cable on my TV to diagnose the lack of 4K support.
not changing my clothes before leaving the house
I yelled at my mom.
(NSFW) telling my class i jerk off to my identical twin yawning
putting alcohol on my balls
beating up a teacher in the college
Think I fucked up by dating a functioning alcoholic... and then turning into one.
having sexy secks sex in poopy hole with big benis in my vegina (NSFW) (HOT)
no u
falling asleep on the plane
unintentionally mocking someone’s limited English when I cracked a reflexive dad joke, embarrassing myself at a restaurant
I just fucked up by hitting my weed vape on accident and I have to go to a giant presentation in a couple minutes
eating my drinking my grandmas laxatives and blowing up the bathroom at work
enjoying Pink Floyd too hard.
bleeding (period) on the carpet I was paid to clean
not giving my Professor enough Credit
giving candies to kids.
having my debit card declined watching the 2018 film The Lighthouse instead of the 2019 film The Lighthouse.
stranding myself in a different city.
thinking i could strip for my friends friend
posting something about my friend taking my asking out as a joke, on an account they know of.
thinking my date was a girl
I think missing a girls hint on hitting on me
telling my sexy lab partner to ejaculate his solution
being overly enthusiastic about my new video game
almost killing my new gf with an pot cookie
accidentally showing my 5 year old niece a hanging nun
talking my crush out of liking me
looking at my moms tik tok account and finding her only fans
** unintentionally flirting with a male coworker, and now it’s awkward and im hurt***
Sexting All of the Parents on my Sons Baseball Team That I Coach.
Was this the best way to handle this?
Free cat? More like stand-up.
calling my sister "step-sis"
taking a shower while on a customer service phone call.
taking an STD test
taking vitamins
going on Facebook
NUT AND FRIENDS, ( I realize it’s not exactly today but you get it)- I had to make a throw away account because this story is so wild from freshman year of High school. I’m about to graduate and I’ve wanted to tell this story for a long time now,
at Target by accidentally disrespecting my cashier’s religion telling a girl that was in a horrific accident to “keep the rubber side down”
texting my coworkers that I finally took a dump.
Today I fucked up by not muting myself in a discord call
stealing a vacuum cleaner
putting my hand in a running whipper snipper
spending to much time on r/
taking sarcasm too seriously and thus getting a friend in trouble
assuming the political campaign text messages I always receive are run by bots and not actual human beings.
blaming my fart on my FIL’s dog and almost ruining his marriage
hydraulic jacked off
accidentally trying to sell a coffin for a baby.
getting spiked, giving myself bloody blueballs and hurting feelings
buying my daughter's birthday balloons at a dollar store
video calling a long time ex gf who I haven't talked to in ages while in the toilet
feeding my girlfriend tea made of onions
finding my artist friends ”special art” gallery
sexing sexy sex with 4 sexers.
making multiple transfers from bank to e-trade account and back.
going to the hospital for intense pain
and received karma by saying nosy assholes
yelling “don’t be a pussy” in my jobs reception area
getting caught by the popo while smoking weed.
clicking V instead of C
accidentally tasting my own shit causing me to vomit explosively all over my wife and tiny flat.
trying to have an orgasm... again going to the doctor with hip pain
messing up my jaw
I have an elderly woman the wrong pills
outing my sex job to my day job
getting a ladder at the start of the day
ruining my mom’s new air fryer.
doing a P.A. announcement looking for the owner of a black women’s jacket, not a women’s black jacket.
finishing my college enrolment by myself.
commenting a dark joke on a dark joke Instagram page and possibly getting bannedplaying clash with a girl I date
telling my bf he had a massive white head pimple on his face while we were trying to have sex.
typing tons of messages to a girl I'm interested in and not sending them, only to find out she knew every time.
using this text to my crush, and she thought I was comparing her with a pizza order
trying trying to make a water balloon in the bathroom sink
ripping a remote controls holder off the wall
HELP WITH MICROWAVE
giving a crackhead a cigarette
ripping off my foreskin
telling my crush that my confession was just an excuse
I sent a text to the wrong group
Naruto running into a bus full of wrestlers
losing some very sharp razor blades in the room I share with my little sister
when a dog ate two of my used condoms.
trusting the wrong people
letting my cats try to get rid of a mouse.
wearing a normal bra to ride a bike, big mistake, they bend open and a wasp got stuck in the cup, flashed my breasts right next to neighbors living room window trying to get it out, screaming for husbands help, Jeff and wife laughing at me from the other side of the glass
laughing at a sad story
accidentally texting my co-worker that he was going to be fired.. and celebrating it.
pressing my eyeball against a spider
asking what a blowjob was in class
trusting my coworker
a surprising my wife and probably by sharing this
because i ate a banana
deleting over 3000 hentai pictures
not paying attention at a casino sporting event.
and almost called my teacher an ass on Valentines Day
sending a topless pic to my coworkers
making a Reddit rookie mistake and paying the price.
getting our heat and water shut off
not inspecting prey
mistaking condoms for candies
because I wanted to smoke a joint at night
bu robbing a store of lots of hot chocolate
locking myself out the house on my birthday
being dumb and almost losing my hand
losing the love of my life because of my actions alone
staying up all night and not realising online school was the next day.
enthusiastically asking a widow how she was doing at her husbands funeral
moving my hand
showing my class I watched hentai
not drinking water with my caffeine
almost getting my ass beat by a black girl
getting on a plane for a booty call
walking into a desacralized church
getting an airsoft gun shot at my head
watching a Cat fight video in the middle of the night. My Cat got scared and attacked me. It wasn't pleasant to say the least. Now I'm scared and can't sleep in the same room.
following an ex of my ex... from about a decade ago
going to a party.
puking at a doctors office.
accidentally linking porn to and old group chat
by getting caught by my long term crush with her friend.
I told a student his major was not interesting
calling a costumer "Good Girl".
calling My mother an idiot
Today I Fucked the Hell Up
eating a very spicy chilli
Answering my Door with an Airsoft Gun and Scaring Away a Handyman
performing a firmware update.
hanging a bug net in a basement
accidentally sending, a picture of my dick to a friend.
I asked my homeless friend to sleep down the hall at our other friend’s place
not checking if my work saved
Stealing money from my mum caused her attempted suicide
texting my mom in uwu talk..
getting gangbanged
taking a pill my teammate gave me before a game
accidentally blasting the n-word in front of the whole wrestling team.
tattooing my crush's initials on my arm.
short-circuiting a claw.
screwing up my bills.
losing my sense of smell from COVID
Hello world
Lied on CV
trying on someone else's shoes without their permission.
Failed a part of my science class through accidental plagiarism.
playing Pokemon Go in Texas
putting all cards on the table on a romantic getaway
convincing my wife to watch Eraserhead and getting her mauled by the cat.
Ruining Dessert for Everyone
not flushing for someone else.
showing my wife The Mandalorian
impaling myself on a knitting needle in class.
$1 donation to gogetfunding.com gets Google drive link to Belle Delphine ALL CONTENT - snap, only fans etc
displaying my dirty menstrual pads to a friend who is visiting
passing out in church.
telling my girlfriend she sucks at school.
getting my Minecraft account hacked
said an insensitive joke about COVID19 at my hospital where i work
accidentally calling an old work mate (who’s Christian) gay... twice.
thinking a guinea pig would like some fresh air
bringing a beer on a plane
tasting caramel
letting my female friend borrow my phone and she sees my pp
ringing the devil's doorbell in my parent's house
going down the handicapped ramp
Telling off my Jerk father and now my kids won't get an inheritance for their education.
accidentally having a porn site up when my underage dog sitter looked at my phone
casting Oprah in The Merchant of Venice
TIFI by letting an unwelcome visitor into my pants.
putting an eraser into my nostrils
History class on google meet
blocking an entire airspace well talking about my sexual experience with a girl (no NSFW content)
taking a pregnancy test
thinking r/nosleep was an insomnia sub
RAPE CRUSH UH OH
almost calling someone fat by accident
Pee pee Poo Poo
watching an instagram video in the openspace
letting my cats play with the grocery bags
paying for nude content
not turning off the flash
writing “Happy Birthday!” in a sympathy card.
stealing my friend's phone
my dog ate edibles accidentally feeding a dog edibles
never realizing kissing with your eyes open was weird
when my dad found my full collection of sex toys
supporting a pedophile while on Steam. (Retry)
Eating Undercooked Red Kidney Beans.
Today I fucked up by sending a NFSW pic in a work group chat.
Bored
applying muscle balm on my dick.
Today I fucked up trying to support an Africans bakery!
getting hacked by a random guy on Discord - luckily I get my own back on him
wearing the wrong pair of pants
playing with a vibrator
rescuing my cat
taking a turn too sharply in a golf cart and getting hurt in weird ways.
assuming my coworker was talking about my miscarriage
giving myself bad headaches for two weeks and thinking I had cornavroius
bringing the worlds hottest pepper out at a party
being more open of my taste in anime and manga to my mom answering a question about sex toys while at a wedding
picking up fast food for my wife and I and ordering her a kids meal
and was pulled over for speeding; tried flirting to get out of a ticket.
wasn’t today but..
not checking a bottle top
Pro tip: Don’t put your real name as your username.
Got accidentally roofied by a co-worker at work today with an edible and pissed off multiple people.
having quickie sex with my wife after not doing it for more than four years
sending pictures of viaducts
got head, interrupted by mother
contributing to my "Poop Chat" in public
asking a stupid question which made us lose 15 minutes during class
not reading what my friend actually texted me
I gave myself a hickey at the exactly wrong time.
Police or nah
Seeking a SATNAV HUD iPhone App
lost my buttplug inside my asshole while filming videos for my boyfriend and caught it on camera
trying to keep in shape while in lockdown.
meeting a girl
calling my girlfriend’s mum a “goddam cunt”
using the wrong SATA power cable in my psu
telling a racist joke at Walmart
being one of the first April fools victim of 2020
taking a stimulant and dick pills
Low effort
accidentally sending the wrong picture and sending it to the snapchat soccer groupchat.
I do anything for sex
cumming on my face in fron of my mom
not reposting this sooner. The quality of this sub has gone down.
complaining about a LED mini candle as a gift
My grandma caught me watching hentai when I was about 10
Farting Near a Fan anf Cost me $1000
changing all the locks on my house
exposing my life on Reddit
putting my son to bed
eating "healthy" and being the only girl on a hike
telling my Christian mom that I am an atheist.
waking up my bestfriend
changing my gamertag on xbox
barging on my Friend's Step Mother while she was having a bath
having an explosive shit when the appraiser came to our house.
cumming into a durian (NSFW)
Airpod Falls, Shitty Mistake
when I lashed out about a detail my cousin didn't know.
waiting until I got my raise to complain that it was an insufficient raise.
wanting to change my headlights
coming 5 days early for work
i ate 4x the recommended amount of sugar free gummy bears
posting a meme to my workplace twitter account which has goten us suspended and subsequently lost all our followers
falling in love with my best friend, only to break her heart a few days after we got together
not being careful pumping gasoline
going to the grocery store
TIFI by eating a fish ball
telling my movie crazed friend to watch 'Fight Club'
"destroying" the shower with bananas
not realizing how much a phone microphone picks up
using my friend’s “hipster soap”
buying my dad an ancestry DNA test
being cupidon.
asking my Mom about my Dad’s side of the family
not exchanging numbers with someone who I felt a really wonderful connection with.Had crush on forbidden target. They found it. I'm guilty AF.
shitting myself during today's run
coughing as a joke in the Asian grocery store
going to a hardware store.
Adderall can you inject
finally taking a BM
buying a scooter
getting into a long term relationship.
Creepy question to dental assistant
when my girlfriend caught me humping a stuffed animal
spraying my dick with pepper spray
31M) by asking someone where they live from on Xbox Live
because I accidentally (not purposely) bought more than 1 ps5 😳
thinking my idiot dog doesn’t get aroused
not checking before changing on my son
before I even started setting up the Christmas tree
What’s the easiest/best and most efficient ways to OD on over the counter drugs?
Blasting The Theme Song to The Nanny While My Roommate is Having Intercourse
calling my new boyfriends mum a slag the first time I met her.
getting high, visiting my grandma, approaching crush, getting rejected and almost dying
reading about a girl getting a voting sticker stuck on her breasts. Then it happened.
forgetting to clean the sink
trying to be like Kobe in basketball...
entering a contest and being too innocent
having the same first name as a coworker.
when I lost my wedding ring after being married for 4 days
accidentally gaslighting my elderly neighbor
discovering how bad cinnamon is for me
helping an upset stranger get a train home but I think I got scammed..
trying to pet my neighbour’s chihuahua.
overdosing for 7 months
grabbing my bfs pee stream.
losing a potential girlfriend
trying to have fun
By geting caught masturbating
letting my girlfriend's brother out of his room and now nobody knows where he is.
proving my racist piece of shit father he was right.
letting my brother-in-law make a burger from ground beef
touching my cats arsehole
leaving two absolute chungus dildos in my bathroom
not realizing my roommates dad was home
calling 911 on myself while talking about doing marijuana.
going to "special" massage place
losing the most amazing person
letting a lie I told to my boyfriends parents catch up to me.
tearing my dick, and bleeding everywhere, and eventually passing out.
Speaking too soon..
accidentally showing my aunt hentai
being unmuted on an industry wide zoom call while having diarrhea and my partner calling me out for my smelly poo
sharing my screen during training
accidently dialling emergency services whilst off my face listening to music on my phone in bed.
buying a Magic Wand for my wife for our 10th wedding anniversary
playing Christmas song on my Amazon alexa Lincsfm Christmas songs
saying “ok boomer” to my high school principal at the graduation ceremony
and burned the crap out of my armpits
My brother will never get laid
Accidentally Making A Bomb
going to the school stall.
drinking far too much at the work function
getting herpes from my sister
cooking with chilli peppers
not stopping shenanigans that resulted in a Pen being used to give someone another Ass Hole.
getting a tonsillectomy, eating a chicken pot pie, &amp; popping laxatives like Christmas candy
messaging an old friend’s sister’s pron account asking if her name was **** ********
shaving my genitals with a hair clipper
accidentally destroying a book
almost killing 2 people
waving at a stranger in a car because I thought I knew him.
lying about my entire backstory to my future in-laws
doing "Surgery" on a Moth and Cutting my Arm Open.
dentists are not fun at all
telling my gf of 3 months that I love her *Final was Update*
putting a leek in the washing machine
letting a dog literally pee on me
eating the physical copies of all my Harry Potter movies.
letting my cats in after sex.
throwing up on my boyfriends dick.
shaving my balls with a straight razor and having to miss out on date sex
improperly feeding my snake
Helped someone
fucking up so many things I can't pick a title
knocking beer all over some lady's lap
TUFU by giving myself the plague
getting scammed for $500
drawing all over my face again
rejecting the Holy Spirit while next to the blind kid
opening a cupboard and getting traumatized by my cat
accidentally detonating 2,750 tons of ammonium nitrate
asking how my girlfriend does her hair to help her in future.
misunderstanding a coworker
leaving the bathroom trash can open and accessible to my dog
LPT  showing a couple old ladies the GOAT
showing my parents the Challenger explosion because i thought it was a meme :-|
joining a poly relationship with work friends.
By going on a ladder to fix my roof
2020
Was swearing while my skype with colleagues was on
taking a shit at my friend's house
I licked my cousins ass(i do not live in Alabama)
forgetting where the keys are on a keyboard and ending up writing a derogatory term
taking shrooms and going into the Amsterdam Dungeons
Accidentally Hitting my Sweet Aunt in the Face with a Baseball.
skipping foreplay
ignoring my Husband when he found random cigarette butts, and then found someone secretly living in our house.
Calling My Crush A Slut... shipping an xbox with no protection
renovating my bathroom
trying to pull my eyeball out
getting elbowed in my head by my husband
forgetting to meet my friend before he left
trying to get my computer working
setting the fire alarm off by wildly swinging my penis
telling a customer I love her
ordering a fleshlight
eating too much junk food
I made an oopsies.
associating myself with Jeffery Epstein.
making a colleague believe that I was suicidal
not checking a Lid.
showing my cousin my parents ashes
cooking in the nude
formatting the wrong hard drive.
I cut into my scrotum.. I’m only 18
stretching during an online debate conference
not replying "Merry Christmas" to every text I got from someone today.
trying to put a baby bird back in it’s nest
thinking my curtains gave me privacy
dying my tongue black like a dumbass
not putting in more effort to manage my mental health
telling my friends I’d eat a cat.
friending a Facebook bot and now my life is in danger
buying a candle
telling my daughter to ask for some cake if she wanted it
napping within hours away of my next exam.
underestimating Sriracha and my body
trying to play a prank, and ending up being almost banned from my childminder for “perving”
joining my friends in a tiktok video.
taking a dookie in our mostly empty office building (coronavirus). The bathroom lights went out and I can't trigger the motion sensor from my stall. Now waiting in darkness for 1 of 3 employees to need to pee and trigger the lights
dating my best friend’s crush.
being bad at emoji use.
using a bidet
telling my "drunk" dad, that, Kanye West running for president.
going surfing in a storm
looking at my old SD card
telling my mom I’m an atheist
TIFUW I went on break and someone saw a penis on my phone
asking changinf my Instagram name to "Harvey Weinstein"
taking my mask off to take a drink of Diet Mtn Dew
Here’s a repost of a repost so I can get banned from this sub.
By reading one of the most pointless and long articles about a guy drinking a 20oz Mountain Dew and intensely documenting it.
accidentally looking at my sisters cooch
flipping off a van driver at midnight
probably offending my religious coworker
making a terrible bump key
making somebody vomit from my ass blast
showing my girlfriend my cleaned up shave
my wife dying. She came back...
saying "so you ate a dick" to my city mayor
throwing opening up a perfectly working coffee machine and throwing it away
pushing porn to my work website, where it sat on the internet for months on our company domain, almost ending my career before it began
realizing that I probably had rhabdomyolysis and didn't get it treated.
teaching my gf to rape me..
Forgetting to mute my mic on zoom for my 9am lecture this morning
screaming at my brother during a Zoom lesson
driving my car to a family vacation
drinking ugg sheepskin cleaner Nsfw
making my GF squirt and ruining our bed sheets making it smell like urine
making a tik tok
turning my bathroom into a crime scene. (NSFW)
starting a fire in my kitchen
not staying at the hospital
paying for friendship and ruining my life in the process
Accidentally chewing on a fat fly.
By almost having sex.
Wasn’t prepared
skipping construction permits to save time
basically setting a flash grenade off in front of my faceqq
challenging my wife to a “trial by combat”
Met my boyfriend’s mother while hiding on her balcony
going for Slurpees and accidentally kidnapping a toddler. Then I didn't know how to return him without getting in trouble.
I told my mom I joined raisedbynarcissists on reddit
The most horrible thing happened today with my wife to be
filling my vape wrong for 6 months
eating too many brownies and flooding a restaurant
using the wrong wifi. (NSFW)
calling my partner a "penis" in a different language thinking I was being affectionate
$160k to $0 in 12 months
inventing the black taco
When I (m) sent porn to a friend (f).
calling a former co-worker Fat
accidentally starting a grease fire in my kitchen.
“slapping a muslim kid in the face with balogne”.
changing my pants at 11pm and adjusting my pants
trying to kill germs
Wonderful Wednesday
hearing my gf's cousin having sex with my best friend.
accidentally telling a platonic friend to get naked for me
finding my cousins NSFW reddit... farting in the hall
taking an overdue shit
running and screaming through a parking lot
throwing up at the end of a perfect date.
sleeping with a close friend and colleague.
telling a group of friends how I really feel about them...
shelling walnuts
for posting my car blog here?
banging a supermodel
dipping my cookie in my cereal
pushing for my assistant's payrise
quoting the monster mash
giving my employee a day off
sending a client a very detailed list of my kinks
Super conflicted
directly ignoring a friends plea to not commit sexual acts w her sister.
turning my camera on while online class accidently and embarassing myself
thinking I could tear floss with my fingers
EAR CLOGGED WITHOUT PAIN, WAX, RINGING, OR WATER, HELPPPP!!
told my teacher my parents beat me and child social services got called for home
for accidentally making a neighborhood statement about the coronavirus
having a chance to lose my virginity at age 36 but blowing the chance away!
wanting a promotion and pooping beside my boss
agreeing to play a stupid game
accidentally finding out that my parents are actually not my biological parents.
showering before a gynecologist appointment
not realizing my coworker wanted to fuck me, not picking up on why he keeps telling me hes a top, and making him choke on his food.
coating my arm in polyurethane.
asking my daughter's boyfriend what his penis size is
taking my glasses off when asked to lower the window of my car at a police checkpoint
letting my dad receive a delivery
telling my in-laws that my husband was really stiff in the morning.
when I put on what I thought was lipbalm
helping out an older friend with technology
eating hot, burning pizza and burning my chin
attempting to prank my mother
Sex with a paraplegic girl
losing my cows in Minecraft and taking it out on the computer
missing my alarm clock
telling my manager I was stealing from our housekeepers
telling a friend that I'm there for them.
forgetting everything I learnt moments before an exam
accessing porn from my job's WiFi
accidentaly going full stalker on a female classmate
using the toilets at work.
posting a picture in the group chat
getting too high by accident (legally)
making my friend’s mom think we’re doing methamphetamines
trying to be funny at a hospital
getting my face sprayed with cat butt juice
Bitcoin mixer-Mix btc
Farting On My Chances Of An Epic Love
taking shrooms while anxious
throwing away my mother’s birthday gift to me pooping in the woods
building a massive amount of pressure inside my intestines. And unloading it.
Today I fucked up by accepting a company phone.
going into someone's basement at an outdoor Halloween event.
showing my face and make body online
falling for a face-time blackmail and I don't know what will happen next.
leaving my mic on for class
posting nudes on reddit
accidentally broadcasting my dick pics on my in-laws Firestick Screensaver listening to my grandma
going to Walmart
I trusted the wrong person too much and had it whole up in my face
stretching in front of my sister
buying my wife a Nintendo Switch with Animal Crossing.
walking on the beach after a night of drinking
outting myself to my family.
almost getting expelled from high school because of a meme page
Remember to always cut your nails NSFW
Self-Isolation Mistake
wrecking my car in the same spot as last year
saying "No I'm not" after my mom told me that I was beautiful
I am now in mandatory quarantine because I panicked over a hangover
showing up for an interview 1hour early.
Fix
NSFW  telling my wife she’d be great at porn for blind people
insulting a old man (on Reddit)
playing as a tourist to take a picture of a cute girl.
getting Sh*tfaced this morning
sipping on a beer that has been opened for over a week
telling her I was a virgin... Big win for me
throwing away my test results right in front of my mom!!
letting my wife clip the cat’s nails in our marital bed
forgetting that hospitals have basements
accidentally insulting a woman with a Chihuahua
accidentally bribing a TSA agent
sharing my personal problems to a stranger
trying to get a tick off of me
just wanting to look at some earrings
loosing my car keys
visiting my parents on easter
accepting "free" topsoil
having a secret relationship
leaving "working title" as my paper's title.
letting a Motherly Hen kill a newborn Chick
getting an ant bite me on my fucking tounge
putting a creme on my itching ears...
forgetting to lock my door while "shining the pearl"
driving to a funeral with my mother.
logging in a public account, that was advertised as a "social experiment". It wasn't.
"petting the cat"
telling the girl that i love that i told someone to beat their child.
getting drunk and generous
Strange hardware hum? Korgs and Rolands
Fashion
asking a blind person to spot me at the gym
unknowingly turning my vibrator on.
forgetting to remove the infected attachment while sending a company wide virus warning email.
sexting the wrong girl for a week... what could go wrong...
laughing at a conversation between my wife and my 7 yr old son.
Accidentally called my mom while having sex
holding my sister’s cat
I bought a used phone with broken speakers for my parents.
getting caught having sex with my girlfriend (now ex) on camera... by her parents.
concussing myself at the doctor’s and ruining my mask
dribbling onto my jumper
scratching my husbands computer screen
sending my mom a screenshot of a grenade recipe
I was trying to get a snapchat filter on a rather explicit nude. It was a d*ldo halfway inside my ass.
having social workers called cause of my drawings
giving my crush $30,000
streaming porn to the family TV during movie time
drunkenly listening in on one of my best friends conversations about
not showing up for a shoot without being in the same state
reading to the girl next door about the  reading my grandpa the about a boyfriend reading his girlfriend the about a mother telling her child that Bob Ross is dead.
not getting my sleep.
buying the wrong bottle of lube.
having sex in my ex-boyfriend's parents' bed and then shoving my bra into his mom's underwear drawer.
mocking a homeless person
actually sending a picture of my poop to my group chat
I’m locked down in an old age home where I was volunteering.
trading oral favors from a homeless woman in exchange for shelter.
punching my monitor
slipping in the shower
trying to entertain myself at a hotel...
when i asked my parents to stay for a day longer
sending a nude to a girl who I didnt know was 15
taking a large shit in my friends bathroom
not checking my Facebook Tag settings
asking my four year old what he thought was in a bean bag
I returned an valuable art piece out of suspicion of fraud.
asking if I could help an elderly lady while at work.
buying my fiancé a $2000 Daylily for her birthday.
messaging someone online &amp; being stalked
accidentally lying to my brand new doctor , leading him to think I'm a drug seeker
being a tool rather than using a tool
accidentally having porn saved on my google drive
visiting my problematic friends house
drinking out of the wrong bottle
making chili and wearing contacts
that when i pet my dog. he grabbed my arm and made my arm become his matting mate
not wearing boxers.
not asking someone’s political views before the first date
buying chickens to make my family happy and accidentally traumatising my kids
Looking for love and careLooking for love
wearing a bad shirt to work
ordering a fursuit.
liking my crush post on Instagram.
going to a rave, getting so wasted with a friend, then finding out she had feelings for so long
asking my parents what a bastard is
pepper spraying myself and my wife.
Breaking a Guitar string
running over a plastic bag on the highway
Almost fell for a pedo
putting my can down
accidentally falling off the couch and landing on my friend’s d***
Showing a picture of me in my wedding dress to my grandma
working more hours then allowed.
getting stuck in a dress that’s a size to small for me
standing up too quickly and literally fainting
Told my good girl I wanted to take a break while drunk. But I don't.
having braces and being a woman
playing down my son’s stomach ache.
trying to check out a bird
accidentally making my mum think I’d slit my own wrists.
flushing my AirPods down the toilet...
using a new toy before a flight home
addressing my mom as Grandma
getting my friend happy birthday balloons that said “it’s a boy” to my friend who had just had an abortion
checking to see if my daughter had pinworms.
making my mom think I have an eating disorder
not understanding how to order at a local bagel shop
being upset with mi gf when she was doing something nice
Update - It's all good now, thanks COVID 19
calling he police thinking there was meth in my apartment.
gossiping
listening to my elders and burning my derrière
standing in like at the grocery store and choking on my spit.
rolling across the street
throwing an empty beer bottle out my window
messing up my finger right before the final exam
not understanding how sound travels
telling my parents my exams are starting from monday, and now I have to get up at 7:30 every morning
hanging my ex's Stitch onesie up to dry in the window
Having sex in my own home
getting into bed after a long ass day.
By getting blackout drunk at my own place of business
when I unintentionally upset my coworker for pointing out her baby bump, when clearly she miscarried and didn't feel comfortable revealing this to anyone within earshot.
not making my wife feel special on Mother’s Day
not showering properlyBy relaxing too much allowing my butt to swallow a plug
trusting tinder/snap images too much
I wish I said nothing
My day is ruined.
revealing to my loved ones that I don't intend to live if I begin to lose my mind.
Ruining my son’s surprise.
smoking weed,and drinking Vodka for the first time, while having asthma
watching a certain German dictator's speech on Youtube
farting in the elevator.
losing a textbook
uploading porn to my work
giving first time marijuana users extremely strong edibles.
assuming someone was trans
insulting my best mate in the group chat
sexting on snap and getting blackmailed
spilling water on my brand new computer.
taunting one of the most dangerous gangs in Detroit.
calling my girlfriend a “Broodmare” while making out.
keeping my phone on a high volume
reading a muder mystery book.
creating chloramine gas in my bathroom
gifting my wife a magic wand to our wedding anniversary
not following the advice of my hospital
My 2 month old fell out of the swing
completely missing signals
playing darts and ending up almost losing my big toe
using perineum oil and my toddler drank it (on my birthday)
getting friendzoned
ordering a vibrator and only a vibrator
ordering McDonald's
meeting a cute girl and making a meme about it
accidentally knocking out on of my coworkers
Having a so Far bad day ;(
having a threesome with a married Indian couple.
washing my brand new iPhone 12 in the dishwasher
beating a 4th grade girl in a staring contest
deleting most of my save data
Almost getting myself and my brother suffocated
poisoning my husband with delicious homemade ginger beer.
Dancing naked and a stranger may have taken a photo/video
removing hair colour unwillingly and dying my skin occasionally
being super lazy.
masturbating in the privacy of my own room.
using my workout towel without checking it NSFW
Totally
lying to my best friend. You meant the world to me and I wish I could change that but we can't ever be the same again.
throwing a snowball
throwing up at work
being coerced out of $5000 dollars while under the influence of the ‘Devil’s Breath’ drug
I fucking masturbated to the princess leia lego star wars mini figure.
thinking I couldn't last during sex
watching porn while my parents were home.
shoving a pen “up there”
mixing weed syrup and iced tea, which caused vomiting.
calling my teacher autistic. (TL:DR at the bottom)
texting someone who asked me to leave him alone.
Corona shit - Today, i did something stupid and i Carried on with it - a complete "he knew he fucked up" moment - a stranger gave me used one. Pray for me lmao
finishing a free 3 book bundle on my kindle...
eating the strongest pot brownie I've had in a while.
tongue kissing my mom on film
calling suicide fun in my exam.
revealing to my roommate that my most upvoted post on reddit was a picture she took
frying up some leftover chicken on oil that I forgot was really hot.
pooping on the bathroom floor
creating a cliché porn scenario while doing the laundry
sleeping through new years during my 20 minute sickness induced nap, and my family thinking I was confusedly hallucinating when I woke :(
taking a shit during a Tornado warning.
getting mercury in my mouth
a Marine's story
wrecking my Nintendo DS
taking my 4 month old puppy to Mounds
not using enough lube and tearing my urethra
Nail in my foot
eating soap
liking Ferrari’s that that aren’t red
not knowing how to use a house
not cleaning up a stranger’s pee
not realizing i was missing a chunk of my body my whole life.
not realizing my keyboard drawer could slide out further than a couple of inches for over a year.
buying a DLC from US PS store when the game I own (Skyrim) is Europe region.
for having an argument with my Mon over Feminism
almost destroying my brand new phone
messing with a bicycle kickstand when I wasn’t meant to be outside.
saying "are you an angel?" to a pilot
accidently asking my bf if he had ever slept with his sister
playing among us
cutting my toenails wrong my whole life, and having two ingrown toenails with infections
believing the doctor when they told me I was pregnant at the age of fifteen.
passing gas while wearing an N95 mask
not recognizing my own cat!
I changed gears on my bike and destroyed my ankle
using D&amp;D to make my mom cry
sending Amazon a picture of my boobs
Well the person working the cashier fucked up by giving me back $27 for a $10 to pay a 31 cent balance.
reacting to a lady’s crazy plot
lending a friend a car
accidentally taking sleeping meds before work
thinking an earthquake was my Dad
acting "black" in a phone interview
I cooked myself.
forgetting that I am getting older and that gravity effects things that ... dangle.
and burnt my lady bits with nair
forgetting to turn off incognito and letting my entire class see granny porn.
ACCIDENTALLY TEXTING THAT I WANTED TO LEAVE THE JOB IN THE PUBLIC CHAT
not putting sunscreen on my back
forgetting to mute my mic in class and singing away
not wearing underpants
Hitting My Friend In Face With A Ping Pong Paddle
laughing at my dad who likes to get mad over the most random, stupid shit
performing gymnastics
Outed my side job to my real day job
going to class and presenting a project worth 20% of my grade with my shirt inside out.
I didn’t know the difference between a blowout and a blowjob.
telling my class I'm going to be a camgirl.
HOW TO LEARN ENGLISH?
waking up and living through the day...
trying to wink at my gf after sexy timeand bought an extended car warranty
going on a hike with my mother
Stolen car leads to armed robbery
accidentally being racist to my classmate
When I mess up I might as well go for broke.
giving a rich dude my number
sharing personal details with my discord friends
not knowing how online lessons work
overreacting to my online best friend “cutting himself.”
shooting cum up my nostrils
forgetting the construction guy would show up
sounding like a retarded sheep when hanging up the phone.
smoking in my room while my strict asian parents are home
punching a girl in the arm
Been ghosted twice now
teaching my child kisses make her stop hurting telling my crush i like him (over text) RIGHT after he said he thinks i’m his sister, then i miserably tried to dismiss my confession as “my cousin sent you those texts”
not recognizing my own voice.
Ate too much hot sauce, got flagged got flagged by airport security for being sick.
posting a video to my Snap Story instead of sending it to a friend
taking a rest in a park in India
getting blue balls from my gf.
looking at dildos at work
buying a 1500$ laptop that I use for Minecraft
deliberately "hallucinating"
thinking that the Hamburglar was a pedophile.
describing my relationship with my Dad
My Parents’ Marriage (maybe)
playing basketball at lunch break
asking my boyfriend for a shiny wooloo
forgetting my noose at work
sent in an application for the wrong position
falling asleep during a quiz
forgetting what benign meant
geeking out to my workplace crush's unintentional Sam Raimi's Spider-Man reference.
assuming the comedian was joking
enjoying a short lived connection on omegle during pandemic
His co-worker came back early and I’m back in the closet.
calling a song my coworker listend to trash
leaving a lava lamp next to an open window, then making my neighbours think I was trying to break into their house while getting it back.
my habit of leaving my clothes on the bedroom floor when I go to bed come back to ruin my drunken plan.
learning how to read/write in Korean
not setting my drag properly while fishing.
playing cuphead
not realizing airpods have a mic in them
Rick-rolling my entire year
Stinkin' Up the Party
thinking my crush had a bf.
because I woke up too early.
my wife sent a picture of gold coins, I congratulated her on spending money on something that will benefit us in the future instead of blowing it on junk food or take out.
causing a guy to piss all over our floor.
not finishing my blog piece early for the WSB boys and girls
not running after a vehicle exploded
making my colleagues (including my boss) think I'm racist
Trying to sleep and end up listening to my dad masturbate NSFW
accidentally sending my mom gay porn.
unknowingly giving my fuckbuddy Mono
fucked a nigger
while making cookies... using a pyrex.
getting too drunk at a work party and making my coworker think that I’m gay for him.
making pasta for my dad at 1 am in the morning
swearing on mic
TIFY by trying to make my poo disappear.
breaking the only tool I use in my job.
unwittingly sharing naked photos of myself with my wife's parents, seen in UHD on their new big screen TV!
throwing all my dad's clothes in the garbage bin by accident
coughing on the toilet.
I bought my kids some deep fried Oreos as a treat.
a job interview by leaving my soundboard on.
designing "fartwork" and sending it to a client
looking at reddit at Disneyland
letting spoiled rice sit on my kitchen table.
burning a frozen wholegrain bread roll in my microwave, cutting the plate in half in the process
following the crowd into the capitol building
frying a claw
accidentally switching the glasses of a deceased person with the ones of the rector’s.
affectionately referring to my favourite game as “MIENKUMPH” for the last few months
running out of gas RIGHT before the turn into a gas station
Publised 100% Real-Mithila And Fahmi Viral Video Link
falling asleep on the train
almost setting the kitchen on fire
making people think I was part of the KKK
slapping my aunt’s boob
watching Letters From Iwo Jima and Grave Of The Fireflies back to back
getting r/amiugly and r/roastme confused
eating out a prostitutes pussy while drunk and letting her blow me without a condom
No Neo, that wasn't a pill.
Realized I Was Seeing an Incel
having a sober person drive me home after a night out.
drawing a dong on my mom's wall
Joking with a paramedic about not wearing a mask
lying about which school I went to and getting caught red handed
not realizing how big of a deal getting a retweet from then President Obama was...
I’ve got a doozy for you!
getting banned from AITA for 30 days.
I made a joke. A very bad joke. Accidentally insulted a former homeless man
pooping at a friend's house
An interesting reaction. NSFW
having too many orgasms
breathing hot dog breath on my 9 week old puppy
I hessitated and chose the second cubicle, and paid the price.
smelling my friends underwear
going to the grocery store during elderly hours
using very non breathable glue in my apartment while under quarantine
girlfriend's father walked in on her
hanging out with someone who potentially has covid
booking bus tickets for wrong date
destroying my son's innocene
going to Six Flags
Creating a webshop and not meeting a minimum order
that I asked Father Christmas for fanny cream.
leaving an envelope with my nudes in my purse at work
making spaghetti with 4-5 cups of chicken boullion
not putting the cookies in the cupboard
posting to about something that didn’t have anything to do with sex
sending a text that was definitely a brag to the wrong whatsapp group
I put menthol lotion on my parts.
doing your mom
telling my friend "at least I'm not a ****ing rigger" across a room telling my entire class that Barack Obama fathered my two children.
buying hard lemonade
Today i fucked up... took my garbage out and stepped in shit...
using misinterpreted gamer slang by accident on virtual class
the last day of 2020 was by far the mist painful
finfing out what i did to myself. With chinese viagra
texting a random number
not getting phone numbers or hotel info
singing while everyone was away
uploading company code to public repo
I may have scarred my sister
not listening to the age old rule...
naming the vibrator my bf bought me “Fabritzio”
welcoming a snowing christmas tree with open arms to my non-cat and non-child free home.
leaving my zoom background on during the school call
looking at Shawn Michaels nude
Cheating On My Wife And Making Things Awkward
looking I my parents drawer
wetting the bed last night
how do you know someone is lying you?
getting sick during the coronavirus scare.
Why is this subreddit called TODAY I fucked up when every story starts with “this happened a week ago”
ruining a 6 year friendship
buying fabric comforter and putting in the same bag as my laptop
gifting a BLM mug to a PD employee
joining a class Zoom call with a pornographic image set as my background
wishing someone a happy new year
almost charging a man $200 at work
Doctors, Nurses, and any medical professional of Reddit. What are you thoughts on skeptics of COVID who say the numbers are being thrown out of proportion and COVID isn’t that serious?
using a vibrator as a dildo with bowel problems
Today I frick fracked because I decided that I wanted to use social media again
being a dumbass on a random video chat site.
giving my stepson a sandwich
exposing my teacher, making him cry, and almost getting expelled.
giving my teacher the wrong USB drive
telling my mom to "have fun" going to see her dad die
saying "God bless you" to a customer
not removing myself from an uncomfortable interaction
leaving a picture on my bed, when was away
joking about "digging up corpses" when someone posted in an old forum thread - not realizing the OP had indeed recently died.
killing my pc and laptop.
waterboarding my gf
telling my husband about a Camgirl
Gave my doctor a fun surprise
being too loud
breaking one of my school class door with my head
passing out because I forgot to take my antidepressants.
not listening to my parents and always double checking my stuff.
not realizing my boyfriend's scale is wifi enabled.
By Living with prison rules.
deleting my reddit account.
being an egg
I got tipsy at school....
shooting a airrifle
viewing a gore sub, expecting nothing special, and being horribly surprised, causing me to relive horror ever since
Drugs and a mic
dropping the F bomb
not turning off my phone
letting him get away
mixing up two way different words
using my grandpa's computer
stink bombing my own room.
trying to wake up a dead teenager
I fucked up by giving my son and daughter a sex talk TOGETHER!!
sending a dick pic of me
telling my 14 yo step son about a comment I made with a substantial amount of upvotes.
accidentally Rickrolled my teacher
beeing cheap
getting up from bed to take a shit
drinking on Thanksgiving
being lazy with my skin care routine
looking at porn whilst logged into my school google account
showing my friends Morgz erotica.
leaving my new toy out to dry
buying a retractable bo staff from Wish
Awkward pizza battle
accidentally pressing shift.
telling a group of friends how I really feel
letting a friend file my taxes the past 5 years.
Overslept for school, got kicked out for COVID the next day.
confusing a Bermuda 1 cent coin for a spider, and stoving my big toe
asking my coworker to fart multiple times during our Zoom meeting
for buying a broken Samsung Note 9
r/ losing my fathers stuff
forgetting how a pen works
The Silent Alarm
farting in a bulletproof van
repeating something I read on Facebook.
accepting a "Gift"
thinking I was cumming
leaving a tip
pulling a stray hair out of my bf's boxers
washing my fathers car
attempting to make dinner
accidently getting a prostitute.
not realizing a MyFitnessPal design flaw or just being a complete idiot.
Should we ban people that say but it was years ago? Does it annoy you too? Should it be within 48 hours?
I left my phone in my pocket and went swimming.
creating a space heater
got too drunk at a fancy dinner
telling my dad about the best duck I’ve ever had in my life
wearing earrings with no covering
By having a semi on a family photo
confusing aeration with dog shit
not jerking off for years then doing it without something to absorb the cum
taking a picture with someone I've just me
calling crush's father a prankster
Deleting My Family's Legacy
overstating some confessions to my ex. Help required.
when i stood next to my bedroom door and hissed at my half asleep brother
petsitting
doing dabs for my first time smoking weed instead of blunts or edibles like a normal person
calling Apple Support and almost getting hacked by an Indian scammer
ruining my academic life
being the creepiest guy at the gym.
trying to get rid of my cat's ear mites and committing several instances of accidental animal abuse.
showing my naked chest to almost 100 students and 4 of my coworkers.
not getting the AC repairer guy enough money
I locked myself out of a hotel at 03:00an
sitting on a toilet covered in piss.
sending a gif without reading the text
accidentaly drinking gross aquarium water
I confessed that I had a panic attack on a discord server
using a laptop with a low battery
eating a donut chicken sandwich for breakfast followed by a lot of caffeine.
offering help, making an office enemy instead
taking a shit at school
with the Easter Bunny
accidentally making my entire family eat of my sperm
accidentally allowing a software update to merge the desktop of my Dad's and my Mac.
accidentally letting my right AirPos fall into Barbecue sauce and repairing it by sucking of the sauce from the inside.
revealing my cock length to my family.
making my crush date a girl who isn't my friend anymore and that he didn't like
cutting my nipple in the shower
airdropping pictures in my physics class
My mom found my cum tissues
Today I made a series of mistakes.
scheduling a phone job interview without asking for which company was it.
making someone think I was interested in them when, in fact, I am not.
playing male moaning sounds on the living room TV cus my phone was connected to it
knowing what lube is.
trying to lie to my boss
dropping my keys down the elevator shaft in my apartment building on a long weekend
washing a dead mouse in my laundry machine
Almost burned my house down with a candle
ripping my pants at work
evex.pro i'm here.
doing math on how much money I missed in stocks
streaming porn onto the apple tv while my mom was watching
swiping on my girlfriend’s phone NSFW
not noticing the window washers
getting caught with drugs/selling drugs in my boarding school
calling a garden stake a cunt
allowing my Dad to discover that my wife bought a new vibrator.
about how my parents looked at me masturbating
Walking into the wrong gender Washroom
jerking off
So I was dancing to vines while changing clothes and my window was open so I gotta was naked and dancing in front of my open window omg
vomiting on the clothes at a Brandy Melville
putting hair remover cream on my thighs
throwing a drink over a huge guy
Homeless people stole my cologne , condoms and Damn cd.
TIFY by accidently eating my thumb blister
Help me please.
not noticing my student doesn't have legs
today I fucked up by not double checking a concert ticket
paying a hooker to take my virginity.
becoming a news cameraman
accidentally showing the HR manager my girlfriends boobs.
LTP :  opening a playmobil box with my kids
i had no idea how to do anything on our geometry test
Today I fucked up by breaking a car window
cutting down (2) 100 year old trees... on earth day
agreeing to let my ex of three years (F21) drive me (M21) 8 hours home after a break up.
doubting my sister
doing tummy time in my living room.
peeing myself in a crowded bus
Rolling Through The Grass
flinging a piece of shit into my eye
dropping something and hitting myself in my nethers
After an accident, I didn't go the ER, because I'm a guy and sure that I was "fine"
showing middle finger to my friend's mother and grandmother
apologising to a little kid
sending my mother a cursed sexual image.
I just farted in front of my SO, lit a match to mask the smell, it broke and caught my couch on fire. Am I going to Hell?
for telling my Partner of my fears, which has made her thought of something else(Which I didn’t expect her to)...
using potato-audio mode for a couple weeks
laughing and sniggering uncontrollably during the Armistice day 2 minute silence
wearing a sweater a sweater and having a heat stoke
not recognizing my neighbour
spilling 3 month old milk in my English class and making the teacher throw out half his stuff in his classroom
breaking the camera lens in my phone
sexting my ex.
wearing a D.A.R.E shirt
TOFU BY RAPE CRUSH UH OH
and let a man die.
getting fly strip stuck in hair.
almost being successful at my suicide
saying I would pound my gay coworker in the ass
not doing my eighth grade English project
going on a walk.
not believing in ghosts and giving myself food poisoning, ruining my IRL cakeday
don't make jokes
TFIU by sneaking some drinks
trying to embarrass my friend
A poorly time joke
leaving stain covered rags in a bucket and almost burning down our house (pic in body).
making my entire school smell like curry for 2 days
scamming a scammer.
leaving my wallet at home
not getting rid of my pubes
offering a handjob to a potential employer
asking my dick to re-align my wife
setting my kitchen stove on fire.
going to a party and losing my badge
Blowing Up a Fully Painted Warhammer Army
saying I'm to a company
for walking my motorbike a kilometer to my house
leaving TeamViewer on while thinking I was watching a weird educational video.
painting trains
letting my friend shoot with my airsoft gun
giving a scammer my password.
accidentally getting stoned off my ass
stabbing myself with a blunt fork
accidentally joking about someone's brother dying
using steel wool to clean a toilet
checking out my nurse
calling a black coworker by another black co-worker's name
hiding in the top floor of apartment
opening a keygen that totally infected my PC.
forgetting to check pockets before running the laundry
eating my coworker's ass
not checking the day.
giving a compliment
blowing up my stove
showing my potential tinder date’s mom a video of me fondling myself
embarrassing myself in front of my coworkers in a training event.
not looking up from my treadmill
saying I wanted to have sex with my Boss's (underage) daughter
causing the death of a cute little bird because I didn't put a leash on my dog
almost catching the oven on fire.
driving away with gas nozzle still in my car
neglecting to use the toilet and drinking lots of water before going to bed
ripping out my clit piercing
posting on a subreddit
That poor lady... she just had an itch.
and set off an airbag
so my mom had to visit grandma ...
seeing the ghosts of WW1 veterans.
WELCOME TO CARIBBEAN CRUISE LINE. I'M SHOWING YOU'VE BEEN TRANSFERRED FOR A FREE CRUISE TO THE BAHAMAS. IS THAT CORRECT?
sending a ghanasaysgoodbye to someone whose mom just died
totaling my car on my 20th birthday
flushing hemorrhoid wipes.
teaching my nephew about the “bark button”
not checking my stock order (share market)
trying to shape my own eyebrows.
forgetting to get my swimming costume for a meet.
flirting with my lawyer boyfriend online
A British doctor says: "In Britain, medicine is so advanced that we cut off a man's liver, put it in another man, and in 6 weeks, he is looking for a job."...
wearing tearaway pants to the park
having diarrhea
taking my dog to the vet
not knowing how Spotify accounts work...
WantingChocolate Milk
using a swimming pool toilet
I forgot my buttplug in the bathroom
Flashing a Bunch of Young Kids
saying the n-word in the office
my joining this sub
forgetting my Camaro doesn't have brakes
คิมเบอร์ลี่ โชว์สเตปเต้นเบาๆ แต่น่ารักเซ็กซี่ เห็นแล้วใจละลาย
throwing away the wrong laptop
not doing what I told others to do
told my whole family I almost got pregnant when I was younger
telling everyone at school I hadn’t hit puberty.
wearing a pad while on my period
high fiving a stranger at my uncle in laws funeral
calling my sister by her name
asking for a streamer's sibling if they have a public Instagram.
trying to not sound slutty (might be NSFW)
never using soap
severly disappodisappointing my tinder hookup.
not putting something away last summer
catching a mouse twice, upset my cat and girlfriend, and the mouse is still running around my house.
possibly losing my unemployment and my job because I am stupid.
hyperextending my knee... Again
not helping my mom with her store during Christmas rush
LPT...  snorting coffee...
thinking I have COVID and giving myself and my wife a panic attack
trying to find out how much paying for my own insurance would cost
misusing the term "Lurker"
telling a girl about the day my mom died
needlessly torturing myself with raw garlic to impress my cousin
A while ago
trying to be helpful at McDonalds telling a stranger that i've got airpods
falling for a scam
not eating before I went to smoke
finding a porn video of my gf online.
giving my last 10€ to a guy who had been robbed
making Minecraft villager noises during sex and ruining my relationship
giving someone a lighter.
hitting on my grieving colleague
I might have gotten kicked out of school because of quarantine.
my texting instead of talking
Intimate Waxing Gone Wrong
making it look like I made a dry ice bomb
being reactive and not proactive to save my Grandma
testing my new bosses email address.
I gave a friend who is allergic to nuts a sandwich with nuts in it...
eating candy and getting frisky
Entering the One Remaining Bathroom Stall
telling my wife she needs to pitch in more.
calling my co-worker the r word by mistyping the letter from g to t.
absolutely botching a text to my friend
There put a rudeness in the Chat for everyone
playing porn through my speaker
getting birthday sex and coming out to my siblings in the worst possible way ever.
not having a threesome
accidentally fracturing my humerus (upper arm)
taking a shit on my phone
throwing my childhood friend in the water.
drinking to many emergen-c packets.
assuming a glass pitcher was pyrex.
showing my d*** to my friend's
telling my friends how to find the clitorisOrderOfSnake
asking where the dog was
using ZOOM for a meeting
TIAFU for sleeping in
trying to impress everyone with my tree-climbbing skill just to grab a rotten branch as I tried to swing myself from one side of the tree to the other, falling frome quite high and hurtting my talon, shoulder and hip. Nothing really serious but it fucking hurts.
Shotgunning a Beer and Losing $600
buying a cursed piss rug from hell running with hot garbage
Nsfw  accidentally insulting my boyfriends junk i guess
at a party, next to my girlfriend
handeling one of the worlds hottest chilies and kneading my nuts
signing an accident report (for the insurance) before informing myself on how it works
switching my dogs’ food too abruptly
not rejecting my grandmother's food.
getting a booger stuck in my teeth
surfing Reddit at work.
Switched homework with love letter.
Insulting a Ginger
gassing my entire bathroom.
going bald
getting into the wrong car which looked exactly like mine
rushing to get everything done for Christmas thanks to my procrastination. Fell while I was cleaning and likely broke my foot.
4
Taking A Peek Into My Teacher’s Room.
using my sisters lotion to “do the business”
using the name of my friend's daughter as an example for a conversation about apes
missing a deadline for $400
By using conditioner on my nether region
introducing my 10 year old sister to my girlfriend.
for thinking condoms didn’t have latex..
calling out an entire subreddit for fake and uninteresting stories
trying to scare my girlfriend nude
telling my mom amazing wtf reddit facts
leaving a sweat mark on my chair in front of my crush
Sprained my wrist riding a scooter in an auditorium.
accidentally calling a woman old.
not remembering Stranger Danger
taking Molly
Getting A Bomb Squad Called On Myself At The Airport
taking a smint while wearing a mask
locking myself in partly outside room
i almost deleted an app I use often
Today I fucked up by trusting a friend
being a slut and nearly getting fired
with an Amazon delivery man
NSFW by putting expired ivyrest on my groin/genitals
not unplugging my aquarium heater and not putting away my clothes.
doing too many crunches, now I'm in the ER
Having relations with my friend's mom
at finances
telling a female coworker it's a bit nipply in here
going to a proud boys rally thinking it was a pride parade
forgetting I'm no longer a spring chicken.
rushing to write my exam
showering in my swim shorts
making ramen
being Invited to a 3 some
going to hold my coworkers hand instead of high giving him.
living a reckless life.
hitting the wrong button and becoming an accidental cam (gamer)girl
taking acid with tinnitus
judging a dude on his appearance.
wasting three packs of bacon.
giving my BF handcuffs for his birthday...
pulling the mask down while coughing
only half listening to my client during a long phone call
shouting Heil Hitler through a German public park
for not knowing condoms co gained latex...
letting my parents open a failed maths test that I have cummed inside and threw it in the bin minutes prior to that.
I accidentally turned in my brother’s homework assignment.
posting to r/honeyfuckers
sh1tting all over my workplace after I had sex in the restrooms
destroying my toilet after I quit my job.
declaring my love for juice
picking up a twelve hour shift and using the public bathroom
face planting in front of the whole school
asking a shopkeeper for a "Little Slut" instead of a 10-pack of cigarettes
Eating Popcorn At The Movie Theater
getting myself salmonella
forgetting to mute myself during a zoom call....
bu throwing away a 2002 computer
watching GOT with my mom
taking a bad combination of pills
chugging a water bottle with detergent in it.
Refusing to Clean a Thermos Full of Hot Chocolate.
raging out at some random guy in the parking lot.
putting too much mushroom soy sauce in the fried rice
wondering if I could destroy a glass with one hand at the dinner table
choosing chili for lunch.
sending a homophobic tiktok in it to the gay coach recruiting me at my dream school
having sex with my half-sister Yep... Sweet home of alabama
turning in my school laptop
killing my pet bird
Not Studying For My Final
My crotch currently smells like rotten eggs
laughing when my teacher happened to be talking about her dead brother
falling asleep and sleepwalking at school.
TIFI by sending my ex a message not intended for her
Left my anal toy out
texting my mother in law about penis issues
putting a cigarette in a water pipe
What happened to Low-Quality spam posts?
breaking my 2 laptops I use for online class and not yet telling my parents
Spilling coffee on my new laptop
Showing my Fiancée highlights of The Rock
getting excited about a piece of jewellery
So I slept with my married coworker...
trying to be an experimental pharmacist when I beat my dick
letting my cellphone slip...
cumming on my laptop
IMPORTANT
finding my gym teachers porn account...
clicking in wrong subreddit
when playing Minecraft
accidentally making abusive phone calls to my Nan
I said nice!
trying to wash my King size comforter in my washing machine
treating a Social Security Officer like a zoo animal
Accidentally sending an email titled "I like Big Butts and I Cannot Lie" from a coworkers email to the President of my office and one of our clients
nutting in a fast food cup on my drive home
driving a four wheeler down a hill
my dog scared a guy with mental disabilities
baking Christmas treats for my bf’s family
clogging the toilet NSFW
with my weed
acting like a pedo. Having the cops called on me.
moving across the country to take a course I don't have the requirements for.
putting the wrong picture on my craigslist listing!
getting 'fired' for harassing my colleague.
throwing up all over the breakfast I made for my family.
DESTROYING my carpet with BRIGHT BLUE PAINT
asking the wrong person to hang out
accidentally linked my fetish instagram account with my phone contacts.
muting Zoom to fart
giving an African American girl a sign saying that she doesn't understand the African American struggle.
eating far too much and too fast at Easter dinner
You don't throw those on the tennis court
thinking my dog had poop in his fur...
giving away my reddit account to my friends
pressing the off button over and over on my iPhone 12 over because I liked the way it felt.
sitting on a very fluffy blanket with my whole family while wearing a butt plug
posting a public snap story of my adorable cousins holding my hamster sleeping, not realizing he was actually DEAD
falling asleep on a trampoline
Life threatening fart laughter
Black ice 360s almost off a bridge
Jacking off after eating an extra hot chicken sandwich
sharing a Shower Thought with my partner.
accidentally trying to steal my neighbor's dog
using the wrong name for myself
Today I fucked up while trying to hide my penis from my neighbors.
I damaged my vocal cords and now i can't shout, what should I do?
not wearing pants on a video call
not thoroughly washing my hands after eating hot wings
I accidentally called Jesus, Jesus
having a cough attack while pissing, thus instead pissed violently on the whole toilet
ruining next Christmas for my cousins
hugging/kissing my SIL's brother
keeping a cactus in a saucy planter in my windowfor making lighthearted incestual joke about my uncle and aunt (my father younger siblings) that caused fight between my father and uncle
creating a new account and forgetting the password
It happens to all at some point...
realising my Reddit addiction has imprinted the save icon on my phone screen
pulling out of a lucrative investment deal due to depression
ignoring my depression for 8 year.
submitting a best post
holding in my farts all day.
accidentally styling my hair with my semen
because I wanted to drink a beer in the bathtub
mentioning lube (on a dick) with my conservative parents
while buying sigarettes
using the wrong nickname to compliment a girl after she had personal best on the squat machine
locking every single toilet stall in a university dorm during a party night.
sexting my two best friends
Being Too Forceful While Entering My Friend’s House
asking a stranger if I could fuck a pig.
giving a homeless man a place to live and making him homeless again update.
trying to cheer up my gf
Playing Rock Paper Scissors
farting yesterday through a Microsoft teams meeting whilst not on mute and thinking I got away with it.
well, TIF a couple years ago) by getting on the wrong bus.
having my parents find out I have dog by posting a pic.
Fire Performance Gone Wrong!
walking in the rain to my therapist.
not realizing it was a school day, despite the severe weather.
not realising I hadn’t clicked checkout
posting a vent on Discord
attempting to fix my computer.
living with a shitty light for almost 3-4 years and finding out why through a post
finding out that my (21F) brother (17M) jerks off to my onlyfans lewds.
leaving my flag on the wrong side of the floor
letting a car go without paying the insurance deductible
planning a party i cant go to (nsfw)
having a boner in a boys shower with 7 other people there. calling out a logical fallacy of an ultra-nationalist on wechat
being outsmarted by a 10+ lbs dog.
drinking too much and almost lost my girlfriend
almost telling a domestic violence joke.
By saying "I am not responsible if your kids die"
having a wonky memory
telling my friend he could date my ex
my shitty making a racist slideshow and now I’m in trouble
My washer walks on the floor
accidentally looking at my grandpa's porn
reddit team members boy oh boy did i ever!
skating in an abandoned school
trusting my Minecraft faction
sending my kids teacher a private pic.
accidentally calling 9-1-1 while looking at porn
putting milk in my tea
turning my pet fish into a beta male when he hit puberty.
not unplugging my PC from the wall
trying to practice social distancing
ny drunkenly convincing my wife she dosent love me anymore 😩
telling a deaf girl I liked her accent
Chill parents catching me masturbating
Antagonized white supremacists and now they want to sue me
trying something new in my personal time
nearly dying from salt
writing inappropriate words on a Google Doc
staying up late on my phone
having such an intense orgasm I left my partner with blue balls
ordering a spicy pizza while being hungover on a very hot day.
contacting a prostitute and soon after getting a death threat from the Mexican cartel
trying to look at my own Butt crack.
going to school with crocs on
ordering take-out
urinating on my toddler.
making a cute video of my baby
seeing this video for the first time at the rigonwng time in my life. :)
SENDING A MESSAGE OF WANTING TO QUIT IN THE WORK GROUP CHAT
ruining christmas because I didn’t tell my family that there is a difference between Apple “App Store/iTunes” gift cards and “Apple store” gift cards.
not taking an umbrella or a car, and being pregnant.
accidentally parking in a handicapped spot
screen sharing to the class, with a folder called phone sex on the desktop
sharing my political views with my wife.
watching uncut diamonds with my parents...
trying to educate a 75-year-old artist on a bus
intentionally silencing my notifications and then immediately forgetting I did it
convincing my gf to take 2 tabs of acid with me
pretending to have a dead wife
laughing at my boss having a stroke
mishearing cough at summer camp.
rickrolling myself
beating my meat without any lube.
housebreaking my puppy
swallowing a bug...
going into the attic
not telling my Reddit fam Happy New Years!
Stupid idiot who pays for health insurance. By the bundle.
farting inside a chemical labratory and causing an evacuation
adding crickets to a terrarium two months ago
being buried alive
masturbating when the power was out (NSFW
taking 9x the prescribed dose of laxitive
wasting my chance to talk to a girl for a matter of seconds
cockblocking my crush and probably ruining my chances with her
pissing in a bar
suggesting going to a park
today i fucked up by fishing my shit out of a toilet
setting a towel on fire
getting stabbed in the finger by a nail
burning my tongue on a houseplant
getting my dick stuck in a fleshlight when I was younger
getting vaccinated and ending up in the ER
Today I fucked up by being oversmart
searching my parents room
unintentionally calling a girl fat...twice.Slightly at the mall and I don't know how to feel about it
rushing to have a smoke at 4:20 and finding this in my bong just after:
telling my location on Snapchat (and being trapped in a basement for 2 YEARS)
accidentally melting my gloves
accidentally doing the middle finger to my 4th grade classmates
asking my wife for a divorce
submitting an assignment
wanting to play Pokémon and then running away
calling by calling my girlfriend by her sister’s name after we kissed for the first time.
splitting my nut sack open and requiring 13 stitches
shaving the nether regions
I'll borrow your bike and be home in a minute...
using his girlfriend's words against him
not knowing a girl was Jewish
TIFY by accidentally raping a male dog...
forgetting what number I had counted to when working at the till.
taking benzoz from a pretty girl
keeping my oatmeal beside my garlic liking a 6-year-old instagram post
telling my friend I'll be there in an hour for a shoot when I was in another state.
ripping my banjo string having sex in the sea NSFW
inadvertently texting my zoom chat instead of my friend
accidentally spending $285.00 omg bread.
humiliating myself on Twitter.
USING PULLOUT (WITHDRAWAL) METHOD CAUSING ME BIGGEST ANXIETY IVE EVER HAD.
moaning in my sleep
not switching the bathroom lights on
stamping on my sons head really hard
trying to fight social anxiety with alcohol
asking to see my mom’s asshole
ordering a sex toy from Amazon
causing a motorcyclist to fall off his bike.
By accidentally making a joke about my old boss who recently passed.
Today I fucked up by making my neighbourhood think the sweet old lady next door died.
comparing gay marriage to dogs getting Coronavirus
blowing up the speaker's at my workplace
protecting “my Asian kid” and breaking a Chad’s femur.
Telling Blow Job Jokes to a Third Grade Classroom
pursuing my dreams.
Hard waxing my Vulva
not understanding how Microsoft Office works...
forgetting my landlord works for Pure Romance
*meta* sexy times
getting a makeup brush stuck inside my bumhole and having to go to the ER for removal
adding my mom on Facebook.
changing a catchphrase in Animal Crossing
aggressively inhaling apple cider vinegar
swallowing my blood clots.
consistently making my breakfast smell like my shit
misspelling Arnold Schwarzenegger’s name
doing some "personal grooming" at home, and grossing out the postman.
edging myself so much something happened to my tubes
Wrong person!
asking someone for their food in a not normal way...
turning on my shower speaker
eating yogurt
kicking my friend in the leg and dislocating it
finding out that my crush is 19 years old.
Today I realised I lost my SIM card.
AITA for potentially messing up my friends wedding because I tripped?
making a racist middle school slideshow presentation
putting ants in my mouth and not realizing until an hour later...
ignoring a spider while doing number 2
not using forename and surname for my contacts.
burping on a zoom meeting
I cut off my finger tip
making myself a burger with Cayenne Pepper
video chatting a dude
Might have to leave work.
shooting a gar in self defense
Accidentally racially assaulting someone
sharing my screen with my friend
My Teacher Thinks I am a Pervert
falling asleep in a hammock
when I cleaned my son’s closet!
sending my boss a bunch of fanfics
taking a shit
throwing up at a wedding.
telling my crush that I love her
dropping my AirPod in the toilet
for telling my friends I'm dating an Indian foreign exchange student
boiling my shoes in 200 degrees Fahrenheit
deleting and re-adding my ex on Snapchat
selling dope to a narc !
trusting people.
having a girl interested in coming over for Netflix &amp; chill and still managing to screw it up.
stranding me and my dad in a resort town in alabama
Bbb
shooting my shot a little too hard
carrying a wet coffee pod in my jeans pocket into school
thinking a guy was hot and blinding him
calling some sort of sex line instead of my bank
being rude my whole life probably
hurting my best friend’s feelings
telling the whitest of lies and changing lives forever.
arguing with my wife, storming out of the house and forgetting my wallet.
posting a my girlfriends boobs on facebook
having the same name as a bully
raging at a game and killing my family laptop
missing an overt proposition - again
asking my wife why she has to pee TL;DR
wiping a red pen near my crotch.
smoking a joint at work
when my mom found out I have threesomes and that I have sugardaddies.
using toothpaste instead of lotion to pleasure myself
making a joke and upsetting my grieving mother
burning the inside of my cooch bcuz I was impatient
leaving a LiPo plugged in for one week straight
euthanizing my sick cat when he probably would have been fine
for accidentally putting a link to a hardcore porn website in my aunt’s Instagram bio.
slapping my girlfriends butt while doin the dirty
trying to brew a pot of tea
telling my parents we have no school cuz corona
hiding my sex stuff in a drawer.
opening my curtains and then having a breakdown over chocolate.
being bulimic
putting some hentai in my main monitor while my mom was in the room
accidentally punching my little brother during an eye exam.
3 months ago I fucked up, and literally 1 hour ago I REALLY FUCKED UP.
Getting cash back and forgetting about it
not waiting for my pizza to cool down
from a misclick
calling an old woman's great grandson precious
taking a walk on the beach
My obsession to lingerie is so bad that I opened a online store and started an onlyFans.com/Mssheabutterbaby
peeing on my lecturer
not having the chance of wishing my mom a happy birthday
showing my mom what porn I watch
Being on this sub reddit while on my internship
By putting laundry pods in the dishwasher.
Making a woman uncomfortable and ruining my entire relationship with old friend group
not checking my car door
A series of unfortunate events including a banana and a spooon
in the supermarket jamming a French baguette into a random shopper bum
doing a simple typo and got a reddit suspension
asking the teachers if I may go to the bathroom for the first 2 years of high school eating a fiber-rich cereal, walked 2 miles roundtrip and almost ending up in a very bad way
house-training my child
entering an elevator with a woman
sleeping with my earphones in
being oblivious to someone flirting with me
getting a headphone ear tip stuck in my ear
making myself immune to spicy food.
insulting my first potential gf during first date.
letting anger have controll
Failing My Tooth Fairy Duties
locking my neighbor in a dog crate.
tearing my n*pple piercing while filming an erotic video 😭
diddling with myself so near my computer.
using my mom’s new laundry detergent
Double fuck up
Today I fucked up by searching NSFW content on my school account
Cat pissing time
I threw a pen in the sky and it’s hit my balls, then it hit my dog, then my dog bite me, who is ur last day of august goin?
"trolling" my work Zoom meetings
dropping my phone to the pool
putting the kettle on then poopin.
asking a work colleague if he was trans
informing my family I was engaged with a dick pic.
putting on deoderant
going to the toilet in the office and possibly scaring one of the cleaners
putting toothpaste on my vagina.
smoking weed soaked in Paint thinner
shitting between two buildings
Changing my College ID Name to Daffy Duck
A short one about leaving stuff laying around
crushing a spider (NSFW)
accidentally making my coworker have a gluten allergy reaction
telling my wife about love
not passing all my classes on academic probation.
remembering a regular's order.
Surprise Shower
shaving my armpits
calling a black co-worker by another co-worker's name
triggering emotional stress upon myself, every time I opened reddit.
cleaning my ear with a cotton bud (q-tip).
talking sexy with my partner and his mom interrupted
creating a job offer I didn't have.
being in too much of a hurry while sick
vacuuming a rug outside with no shoes
Today I fucked up a lot, left my car parked outside school and it got towed
having drunken sex with a friend (unbeknownst to us) awake in the same room.
coming to work early
buying my wife flowers and learning a bit of Mandarin grammar
maybe accidentally writing a plagiarized discussion reply Help leaving a restaurant before making sure I had left enough cash to cover the bill &amp; tip.
almost poisening my family with laundry detergent
eating some pancakes
spraying spoiled milk all over my face
joking about divorce and a custody battle.
By buying nice light blue pair of workout pants
TIFI (29M) by Getting in a Car with 3 Female Strangers (18F, 22F, 26F - estimated) for an Adventure
leaving the backdoor open.
falling asleep right after beating my meat NSFW
asking a shop assistant where the cough sweets were
giving a scammer all my money.
simply opening my mouth, and creating an embarrassing story that no one remembers.
going to school and stressing myself over each night for nothing
doing a pelvic exam on a standardized patient during medical school
asking my dad about the war.
not muting myself on a work zoom
I didn't undertand girls
when I missed a deadline.
making a massive shit at my in-laws house
Accidentally Mistreating Someone with Down Syndrome
voting myself president
Today I fucked up by not guerding the door properly
putting my MacBookPro on the wet floor
uploading pictures of myself
calling the police on all my family and everyone was fined 1000$.
walking around a nature preserve buck-ass naked.
getting rickrolled during sex
browsing
being kinda kinky with my bf
nearly KOing my BFduring sex
over using a dehumidifier drying out of my sinuses and giving my self a chronic headache for three years.
What is up with this country?
having a tinder profile
leaving my zoom meeting on unmute
telling a female coworker she was "drippin today"
accidentally paying a Thai restaurant for sexual favors from my wife.
and got an eraser stuck in my ear
my life by not knowing there was a difference between EMT and paramedic
ordering pizza for my school as a prank
getting on reddit
taking a bath.
Sending a Screenshot of Myself on Camera Totally Topless to the CEO of a Company Whose Product I'm Beta Testing
killing my daughters fish
peeing in my son's eye
waking up my entire family and talking them a Nuclear Missile has been launched from Iran
flashing my mother...
offering help to abusive parents
spilling Pepsi on my bed while crying
swore after recording a song and didn't edet it right.
burning/exploding boiled eggs. Again.
exchanging nudes with my girlfriend
giving myself a urinal facial
making lunches for the kids
If you want to get $200 Amazon Gift Card free, click here and submit email. Deguise interiors designers &amp; decorators DOI
TIFY by making a series of mistakes
but asking my father if it was OK to critique his driving NOW?
causing my iphone 7 plus to get loop disease
thinking it was just a fart
Iphone case break
failing to have my easily treatable fungal toenail looked at for nearly 10 years
making a girl think I am a CREEP
laughing at a randomly generated Sim that looked very similar to my friends mom.
First time using a dateing app
assuming my co-worker's son was part of the IT Department
thinking my fiancé only had two years left to live
sending "SCROTUM.jpg" to over half my company
LPT:  accidentally convincing a 6 year old that there is a man in a van giving out free puppies.
forgetting I had a math test
making bloody marries for my boyfriend
leaving a used pregnancy test on my bathroom sink.
doing the dishes.
Cheating on an exam and forgetting to remove the evidence.
accidentally making fun of a suicidal friend
being super bitchy on the phone at work.
changing my birthdate on my Google account
in a major way
coming home to my dad accidentaly crushing my cats head
having a laughing fit in class
for inadvertently calling my wife a fat ass....
Scared to Death, Literally
accidentally swearing loudly on online class
(NSFW)  taking nearly 7 hours to prep for anal intercourse.
ASKING WHERE MY DOCTOR WENT
I did some really messed up stuff as a kid.
shredding $2000 cash.
knocking a ceiling tile loose in class
telling someone I'm not dating my GF.
pranking a friend when I have a disorder that affects my memory
playing obnoxiously loud music in a yearly exam.
wading in shallow water fully clothed while being unable to swim
Just found out I got a std from a girl I slept with a month ago. Told this other girl I’ve been fwb with for a year and now she’s ending the relationship with me.
getting my ex pregnant.
not locking my friends sisters bedroom door
drinking a dead man's drink
forgetting to take the keys with me and getting my hair stuck in the door for 2 hours.
falling in love with my best friends dad
telling everyone on Snapchat that I’m willing to sleep with men for money
helping my girlfriend organize a birthday party for her little sister
underperforming with my dream girl.
By not realising a moment of silence was taking place and laughing hysterically about the awkward silence
shooting my friend in the foot
thinking faking a fatal seizure with my gf was a really funny joke
sending a very NSFW link to my wife
Same old song in letting people down
unknowingly spending $370 on a knock-off Sonos Company
helping my crush make-out with another dude.
not rating reddit right away?
going to a work event physically broken
being an irritating teen
playing with bubbles in the shower
Bloody chairs. Literally.
getting stuck at an airport for the next 7 days
opening a bottle of fox “scent” in the house.
starting a Halloween war
refusing to pay 25p for a bag at the supermarket
leaving my life's work in my car
trying to do the best bowling ball throw of my life
oversleeping and almost missing a client meeting
stubbing my toe on a toe that was already stubbed
thinking my girlfriends mom was a burglar and tackling her in my underwear
not realising a man was blind
r/ measuring my penis against the cucumber in the kitchen
accidentally being mistaken as a pedophile
putting my hand in a urinal
sending my assignments to the wrong person
Opened Reddit some last saw some xxx
accidentally pretending I could speak a different language
displaying my NSFW YouTube session on the family TV
being completely dumb founded when my crush came up and talked to me.
putting scissors on my sofa and then sitting on them
a major account @ work - Aaaaaah
showing my mom something I ordered online.
getting so invested in among us i accidentally flashed my dad, letting everyone i was playing with know i was naked
my best friend being murdered by our boss
answering a question about sex toys during my stepdaughter’s wedding
melting a chocolate under my butt on the sofa
breaking my crush's cat's tail
lying to my girlfriend without a reason, just to avoid a little argument
getting hit by a teacher
scaring my dog
deleting my school’s folders
enjoying my music a bit too much
dehydrating my balls
Harvard bathroom panic
sending my condolences for someone who hadn't passed away
I lost my original 2005 reddit account.
showing my unsolicited dick
cursing without ending the vm
cheating on my girlfriend with a guy
asking how a pregnancy was going
shaving myself "down-there" in the bathroom
trying to prank my friend, but hacked myself instead.
IS HER ASS HUGE OR WHAT?
Costco
calling a manager bad at her job
trying to do something good for my family
Child Predator Vulture
accidentally synced a homemande porn to my FILs tv instead of mine
sending screenshots to the wrong person
leaving the kitchen door open
showing my superhero costume to my friend
throwing away a flesh light
staying over with my grandma for over 2 weeks and not bringing any batteries for my GameBoy.
booting up my old phone
appearing in minimal coverage in front of the worst possible group of people...
letting AI create a story for my GF
showering
forgetting how physics works.
leaving my mouse in the tech room
giving the Gluck Gluck 9000 and showing my vagina to my dad
Wife is right wife is right wife is right
passing out on a nurse picking my dad up from dental surgery.
accidentally showing my employee a nude.
buying a gram of cocaine from puppypenis.tor
not muting myself during class
jerking off while living in lebanon.
told a story assuming my brother knew my sister was pregnant
seeming like I don't care in a group project having a high tolerance for pain
putting Walnuts in a Keepsake Box
opening up to a fellow Twitch streamer about my crush/fixation on her.
I royally fucked up, essentially
not being careful about my stuffs
unknowingly insulting my teacher
being logical.
my elderly neighbors saw me butt naked
"tarnishing" an engagement.
wanting to be Yul Brynner
trying to prank my boyfriend
miserably failing my drivers test
listening to “arms tonite” with my window open
when helping my friend with her new bed
meeting a childhood hero
telling a bunch of preschoolers about something that happened at mass
breaking a film projector
leaving my car keys on the door
I pretended to be deaf.
Accidentally Opening My Husband’s Secret Santa Gift...
selling weed to minors.
my job horribly...
flushing a carrot down a shared toilet.
ruining my chances I had with this girl I was getting to know better
trying to soothe my nose.
accidentally asking my Korean taxi driver to take me to an orgy
trimming all the trees in my neighborhood for one dollar
leaving the vib out to dry
telling my sister I got on the front page of reddit...
Today I screwed up by trying to clean my ears
I bit open an ibuprofen pill
and told these girl things weren't going to work out because I'm a dumbass
Watching Toy Story 4
making my neighbors think I beat my wife
insulting a customer on the phone
Taking A Sick Day
flashing my sister and all of her friends
thinking my entire family had parasitic worms
outing a secret/lie a friend was keeping from his girlfriend
believing one of my close friends was coming on to me
Rick Fox reward card
checking out this chick on fb and accidently tagged myself in a photo of herself from like 6 years ago.
smashing into a construction fence.
introducing my dad to Reddit.
falling off the bed
making salty ass tea for my family guests.
my informatic lesson with printing out Memes
telling my friend I hoped his mom got stung.... More specifically in the tits by a tarantula hawk...
basically letting a close friend know how lonely I was and you can imagine the rest
becoming The Cock Whisperer
riding my bike with no hands
I clogged the toilet system with my shit
learning that a friend's Dad jerked off in front of me during a sleepover
making my cat pee in the litter box
trying to finish my bachelors
killing my twitter acc and rick rolling my future self
currently trying to smash an old friend
telling to my favourite teacher she has a good p*ssy
sledding with my GF and traumatising a group of children
very confuse.
taking a shit and experiencing the worst scare of my life so far.
having help from friends on Discord during my online viva
Met a quarterback and I didnt even know it
ignoring the advice of Internet strangers and giving myself chemical burns from a walnut.
Apply Superglue on your fingertips to play mobile games more efficiently.
standing up too fast
congratulating a pensioners sexual apetite
I've added my father mistakenly to discord server full of porn
submitting the wrong name on my essay
discharging on my poodle
"having a stroke" while talking to coworkers
forgetting to cancel my Netflix Subscription
donating my groceries by mistake
getting traumatized from a tvshow!
Found his username, ended my relationship
using all my cellular data in one night.
showing my girlfriend the beginning of Disney's Up
confronting who I thought were my best friends
introducing my girlfriend to chicken wings for the first time.
losing my bikini bottom at the bottom of the lake and kayaking home while wearing my date’s shirt like a D-I-A-P-E-R
confusing a bottle of water with vodka, got blakout drunk, told terrible lies to my friends, hurt their feelings and lost their trust
salvia 60cx
wearing lingerie for my fiancé
try to trick the cat to think I is a dog instead of a person, causing my parents to not like me any more
mailing a letter to myself twice.
teaching my boyfriend how to yawnThe day I got caught and my friend was racist (accidentally)
almost spending the weekend in immigration prison
ruining a monthlong tradition.
how a fart almost cost my SO an eye
For deciding to take 'a small drive' around and out of town.
masturbating with a deep cut on my finger
I said European Onion instead of European Union
not discussing skin color with my toddler
cutting my thumb while shaving a balloon
volunteering a sample in science class
making a h3ntai folder with the wrong email
helping someone
and shut off power to thousands of people
video calling the wrong person while being semi-naked
not knowing how dudes use TP
pinching my finger in my cork screw.
googling “MCAT”
Farty pants
allowing my kitten to jump in my lap.
reading the future and saying “I’m going to get accused of stealing something” when I didn’t really steal anything.
playing too much video games.
Letting my Little Brother see my Girlfriend's Vinyl Figure Collection
forgetting my friends mother had passed
getting permabanned from r/politics
ruining half of my girlfriend's vegetarian mom's diet
Would You Make a Great Career Online and Become a Millionaire by 2021?
saying "howdy" on a school classroom groupchat.
playing this video on max volume
making a joke
vocal stimming in class.
not telling my mom about the lost of my wallet and now our relationship is wrecked
accidentally turning my front cam on
calling my company on a violation of Employment Standards Regulations.
locking myself out of the house and my car without my phone before work
Today I outed myself as a sex worker
calling my crush “petite” to his face
asking my girlfriend to move out of the way
saying 'wakey wakey you dumb ho' while my sister was on a zoom call
Today I was a Karen
Peeing In The Sink.
washing my hands with butter at the movie theatre
blackmailing my two families worth of siblings
farting all day at work
to my mom for texting of client “I hope you suffering with your baby”
giving information to a scammer
socializing with people
getting bit by a big ass dog and becoming a human chew toy.
watching the cameras for a little bit too long
nearly getting my mom bitten by a pitbull, strangling my dad and nearly pushing my sister to premature labor.
accidentally being topless when the DoorDash delivery guy made his delivery
getting way too high after thinking I was basically immune to weed after being sold shawg. TL ; DR way too high as I'm an idiot.
wrecking my boyfriend's septic tank
handling salt while a lillll bit too high
taking anti-poop pills
Checking My Carry On
telling a 14 girls mom she was secretly dating an 18 year old guy.
quickly logging out of Zoom language class because I was too embarrased to read something out loud.
having my bra unclip in the middle of a restaurant
taking a pull of tequila and now I don’t get to eat ass anymore
staying hydrated
having ebi sushi tonight
trying to spread the word about the 5 mod.
for being an atheist.
forgetting my AirPods at work
MY 22Y/O COUSIN OF OPPOSITE GENDER SAW ME NAKED
scratching my sunburn before going to sleep
sexualizing food.
trying to be sexy with my husband
Ruined my wife's fancy hair cream
creating pepper spray while making dinner
participating in class
letting my ego get the better of me in a sparring session and ending up in the ER
waking up my sleeping family screaming 'there's something in my pants!', until my sister found the something.
drunk texting
not considering that dogs can use teamwork
not understanding how my iPhone operates 100%
being a dumb BBC loving whore and not realizing that deleting comments and posts actually doesn't do anything.
being stupid and almost losing my hand
'blowing up' the theatre during a production.
talking shit about an employee while mic wasn’t on mute.
giving my GF roses
telling my housemate to throw his girlfriend off a virtual reality skyscraper
biting half my face off.
for using “curb checking” in the wrong context.
circling annotations for class and inadvertently forming a dick
sending a dick pic to a female friend's friend
reading " sucking my own dick"
joking and talking over a radio in a rough part of town.
eating salad for lunch
going on a date with a crazy ex from 25 years ago
My wife thinks we should both pay for tv license and sky box office
Learning Why My Aim Was So Bad
telling my daughter about trouser mice
TIFI-animal crossing infiltrating my sleep and giving my boyfriend a near heart attack.
eating apple sauce
accidentally eating the takeaway of my slightly insane coworker
peeing all over my bathroom
pretending to be a reference, while forgetting Caller ID exists.
going commando with my friends in public
shouting boobies when my fiance was on discord
hitting on a girl i'm seeing's room mate
changing my work Microsoft Teams profile picture without realising that it also changed on my work email address.
dumping water down a guest dress.
showing the guy at the round table counter a mostly naked sexy picture of myself
comparing cheaters to rapists
laughing at my best friends dead fathers painting
kicking a soccer ball back to a few kids playing in the park
for connecting porn audio to the wrong bluetooth
telling a TSA agent I was hatched
going in the backseat of this guys car
When I fell off my dads boat. swallowing ToothPaste
Yo i just wana new gun
Letting my kitten be to close to my "kitten"
Having A Bathroom Emergency During A Work WebEx Meeting
trying to save my cat from the wildlife
having protected sex and ripping my vulva
takin the massive shit
not remembering clorox butt wipe guy from 2 years ago.
I accidentally sent my family a naked pic of my husband
looking at a subreddit without knowing what it was about, going into shock and throwing up on my mattress
wanting to cook dinner even though it was late
having sex letting out the loudest 3 sec burp during my class on zoom
being a hooker for a morning
ignoring the suspicious login attempt on my emails
My cat got the dog super baked.
i had a wet dream with my mom
not noticing the water gushing from my washer in my closets and causing my downstairs neighbor's apartment and part of mine to flood
rollerblading
trying to make friends
calling a complete stranger mom
I forgot something
wearing my contacts inside-out for 7 years
leaving my anal Fleshlight in the shower (NSFW)
calling my friend’s Dad a cocksucker
I unleashed the beast waaaaaay too soon
kinda) by taking the blame when my “friend”laughed when the teacher was talking about two dead students
not turning off my Bluetooth while watching porn
cheating on my girlfriend
asking two families to separate their tables in my cafe, and nearly losing my job as a result.
maaaybe committing a credit card crime
using medical terms with my osteopath
Accidentally kicked my cat
scratching off the wall paint because i took a dump
having the wrong disc in the case
stepping into the hotel hallway "buck ass naked", as my wife says
comparing a toddler with special needs to a terrorist
setting my nuts on fire with rubbing alcohol
trying to get away from a homeless guy
spilling coffee all over the carpet of the my uptight uncle's house
Trying to Bite my Dad's Finger
being embarrassed by my grandfather who wore a pink cardigan.
ruining my friendship with one of my close friends
shaking a man's hand
with a dickpick
tripping over the stairs in middle of a College lecture.
Letting My Dying and Paralyzed Listen to a Horror Audiobook About a Man Who Wakes Up Paralyzed on an Autopsy Table
playing audio of MFF porn to my mother-in-law for almost five minutes.
not just using a plunger
trying to cheat on my bf on tinder.......and MATCHED W HIS BROTHER
leaving my keys in my back two weeks ago.
sending a pic of me taking a shit to my work groupchat
forest fire
that the bot won't stop messing with lol
making my crush mad at me
telling my class i jerk off to my identical twin yawning(NSFW)
tipping with the wrong lottery ticket
forgetting that my Bluetooth speaker was still connected to my phone...
ruining my parents marriage and my dad friendships and family relationships ruined
not keeping my bike INSIDE as my mom had suggested me
trying to make a young child smile
Fist bumping a girl I’m seeing goodbye
trying to pass someone to get to work faster and ended up popping two tires and missing work
making Valentine's candy
not vacooming the house
clogging the toilet of an innocent, unsuspecting home seller.
taking too much poop medicine after surgery.
using the same toilet wand for 13 years
opening a manga app and giving my phone to my crush
Cheaping Out at the Pharmacy
mistaking an elderly deaf woman as having a medical emergency.
sneaking my boyfriend into my dorm room
I wanted to die of shame
brewing a pot of coffee without the coffee.
Yikes, my boyfriend’s childhood friends wife is a nosey woman! It’s a BIG problem!
having a pee dream
Mom found "special" toothbrush
throwing away my asshole coworker's speaker
calling my sister fat
burning cat piss and possibly ruining dinner
killing my fish making my best female friend think I’m a brony. I’m not saying anything abt my brony homies but now she thinks I’m serious.
texting my girlfriends dad “Happy Veteran’s day 🔥🔥🔥”
forgetting to flush
thinking I had tonsilitis
sounding like a stalker to a guy on Tinder.
ruining my career for the foreseeable future.
shaving my head and regretting everything.
washing cum down my friends sink
watching Big Mouth at work
forgetting I was lactose intolerant &amp; going for a hike
sending unsolicited nudes...
getting Taco Bell twice
accidentaly activating my micropohne
turning off the lamp
doing a P.A. announcement looking for the owner of a black women’s jacket.
accidentally taking Ativan
telling my mom I don’t believe in god
getting into the bathtub with sunburnt feet
shutting the door on a salesman
The tale of the Dildo and the Washing Machine
telling my parents I give my dog amazing blowjobs.
accidentally being racist to an Asian friend.
breaking my boyfriend’s new bong.
telling my english teacher her classes were slow
accidentally taking a sh*t in the girl's restroom at my college
asking why my prescriptions cost more than usual
eating food off of my step-sister's plate.
because I giggled and laughed at a guy with Parkinson's disease.
using Washing up liquid as lube.
trying to recover a basketball from the roof of a pathway using a glass bar
supporting my mom.
stepping out into the world
self-medicating with caffeine
leaving a cum cover sock in my gf's house.
exclaiming “this is bullshit” in my calculus Zoom class.
buying a wrong region DLC for skyrim
I lost a perfectly shaped rock that looked like an egg that the whole town lovedI lost a rock perfectly shaped like an egg that the whole town loved
showing my teacher my porn tab
APPLY FOR URGENT LOAN
calling my classmate motherfucker
getting superglue in my eye.
sharing my Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon Prime accounts with my mom and dad
Account scheduled for deletion for trying to avoid porn
leaving my vibrator on the bathroom counter while bfs family is in town
making an omelette - sort of.
transplanting a liver and forgetting how to spell the word "of"
Tearing My Ass
not questioning the price of an item
moving in with a friend I have feelings for
falling down the stairs from a numb foot
with my ex
creepshotting 2 girls I knew years ago
I didnt know he was actually unmuted in class
telling the group chat I have a lover😚
Making My Nephew Cry
storing fireworks in my small business.
barking at a family on the street
finding 3 ways to ruin a shot at my dream job
taking my zoom class to the toilet with my microphone on.
revealing my cock size to my family
asking one of my friends if the reason they only posted pictures of themselves with Snapchat filter was because of their skin condition.
Narutol running at my teacher
calling 911
writing a yelp review about my now, ex girlfriend
returning a cell phone
scarring my friend.
I Didn't Say I Love You Back
I suffer from the Asian curse of lactose intolerance.
accidentally looking up giants schlongs in the middle of church
screwing up May the 4th for some kind random stranger
striping my own ass
assuming a room of 17 year olds knew their limits with alcohol.
not getting a guy's number after getting hit on by him
How I lost weight..
trying to open up
My Diabetus Catching Up To Me
loosing 1000€ in ingame items to a scam
hitting my neighbours old classic Mercedes-benz
thinking i overslept
puting my phone in a puddle and losing the last photos of my cat
almost flashing my husband’s coworker thinking it was him
killing my hamster due to my own stupidity
watching porn at the gym.
letting my sister sit down on the sidewalk.
tying the hairs in my ass crack together during a run
not trusting my gut when buying stocks
pouring soap over steak
Well I just turned my life upside down, happy 30th to me!
broke my toe nail.
teaching my 21 m/o nephew to say "Gay Bear" when my phone buzzes. His parents hate me
sending an vague worrying text to my wife then not respond for an hour.
jurked off at work
I ignored all the red flags with a guy I met on an app and now I don’t even have the groceries I came for
trying to get an afternoon of school
not taking any information
sleepwalking and locking myself out of my flat
leaving 400€ behind in india
because I didn't take my tampon out in a timely fashion.
texting the wrong guy I'm seeing
ripping my pants
when going out to eat. I asked my wife, “why do you always need to bring your purse when you never offer to pay?”
almost beating it to a video game character.
being a new driver
clicking on a bugs subreddit
looking at inappropriate pictures of my ex
not disarming my house alarm
insulting a girl that liked me
not paying attention in a 3rd grade classroom and causing chaos
burning my head
Grandmother found her flat full of used condoms, beer cans and cum stains on mattress and towels
trying to melt chocolate
watching a possible kidnapping
not answering my phone
paying a meme account $25 for his account and getting scammed.
not getting how sushi works.
not realising a mouse was the cause of our insanity
finding out my best friend is gay
twice. Once by applying Icy Hot to my inner thigh and then by taking a hot shower to wash it off.
doing laundry in the dark
exploding a mouse down my throat
Well
I made fun of the Catholic Church in front of a catholic
seeing at old photos in the cloud w/my dad
being weak af
thinking I had covid-19 because I jerked off
Accidentally Skipping Class
looking like a pedophile
making eggrolls.
coming out to my wife of 5 years
answering a call thinking it was a bot...it wasn't
going all in on Echo Arena for Quest 2
Multi million dollar Fuck Up cost me 10million
Computer Science Assignment
crossing at a crosswalk
letting my 4yo dump chia seeds down my kitchen sink
scolding my teacher on zoom without realizing
I can’t tell if my supervisor is trying to make me quit or if she’s retaliating....
eating a buttload of violet candy, didn't research ingredients well enough, lost a bunch of weight, and then paid for it...in a buttload.
taking it in the ass for 2 years when it was completely unnecessary.
making 3 messes in a row at mcdonalds
owning a Ford
Slicing An Onion
destroying a rare yugioh card and cracking a rib
forgetting to record audio at an event
not checking bags of Laundry
making a post on my throwaway account and later found out that it got thousands of upvotes and awards
working as someone’s PA
giving my friends laxatives before a road trip.
i threw a paper airplane into my mams eyeball
having mom sit in my pee
making my mom think I matsurbate
wearing t-shirt with a "The Office" quote on it to work.
it finally fucking happened....
trying to collect water because I’m an absolute microscope junky and apparently an idiot
almost re fracturing my neck!
Walking my Daughter to her BathI'm beyond stupid
letting my friend draw on my cast
hosting a weekly Risk game night.
not trusting a stranger.
having my dog's nails clipped.
Around 300 people saw me pooping...made for an interesting start to the honeymoon....
getting fired on my first day at McDonalds.
Destroyed a box of Covid tests by mistake
thinking spinning the thingy would help, and being wrong
sexing my female wife so hard I believed her to be dead
looking through an aunts email and seeing she had many emails from quick f*uck sites
eating teriyaki for breakfast, vomited, which then caused me to shit myself at the same time.
having the strongest orgasm of my life
letting the person I love destroy my feeling
trying to be Jesus
trying to save a missing cat and flashing the owners
So got walked in while having sex
burning my manhood
noticing I got a free month of premium from a platinum reward.. a month late
eating a free gumball .
not paying a speeding ticket on time
Made a bad bet
having sex with a junior enlisted on an aircraft carrier in
taking off my hoodie in the bathroom
trying to cheer up my boyfriend
trying to talk dirty in bed
searching "Frozen" through reddit
shooting a bar of soap at my testicles
Pranking My Pakistani Aunties
accidentally falling for a trick, revealing my crush in the process.
being too trusting
exposing my bare ass to a load of horrified parents &amp; kids whilst attempting to wash a strangers piss off my bum, in a basin
going to get a mammogram
leaving my hair down while using glue
almost pushing my girlfriend to suicide
making my friend cry at her bridal shower
customize the scream of a video game character as notification on Whatsapp
starting an Island Nation
Returning Feelings I Don't Actually Have
I get paid weekly and didn’t get my first weeks check, Will it stack on the second weeks check so I’m actually getting paid 2 weeks worth and then be back to weekly checks every Friday???
forgetting that we're in a pandemic right now
dipping my junk in hot sauce
just trying to make a cake.
I’m fucking embarrassed
following the prompts of a dating app
forgetting I had sent a request to join a zoom meeting
snorting fire
forgetting about Black Friday
accidentally texting my boss instead of my coworker.
using the shower head for some adult fun. NSFW
b nbnb
Uh... Maybe later
forgetting an assignment
making my wife run away
ruining a photo
asking out a Lyft passenger
letting my friend chosse my phone wallpaper
eating too much flaming hot Doritos
(NSFW)  sending the wrong person a video of me doing cocaine
almost breaking a fitness instructor's arm
singing an offensive song at work.
writing a huge AITA post for an hour, pouring in all my feelings but mistakenly clicking × mark with my fat asf thumbs.
impulsively telling my son that his mom and I are separating.
eating a hot pocket while it's hot
losing my virginity NSFW
Trying to Test How Strong My Phone Case
shouting at an old man who was doing his business in front garden
trimming my dog's butthair
leaving a tampon in me for two weeks
almost swinging with my dad and having an award discussion.
TIFI by leaving my book on the ground
burning my dick whilst smoking.
trying to kill myself
spraining my foot while running during a green light, after my other foot was already sprained.
breaking my word in a Russian prison
telling my vegetarian coworker how many bugs and worms she eats
mistyping gap to fap
taking my grieving son to Lion King Broadway
inadvertently giving everyone I knows info to a scammer and having them see a picture of me on the toilet!
making my mom cry because of the underwear i wear.
climbing on rocks and cutting my feet
Didn't know the rules failing to notice that an acquaintance of mine was cross-dressing
triggering an extreme phobia reaction
holding in a fart on a five hour plane ride.
not realizing a beautiful woman was into me and asking me on a date
accidentally lighting myself on fire
unknowingly showing a succession of third year medical students my scrotum during their exams.
TDIFU by not wearing
premature berevarment
forgetting the pre-paid shipping labels.
putting up a poster
I'm looking for minimally-selective groups of people to garner opinions from, could you help?
taking mushrooms and getting into a huge fight with my gilrifrned.
claiming my gma sent me nudes.
liking like a predator at Frozen 2
not understanding energy drinks.
dude, you doodoo'd
leaving a chili beans in the table
cutting my brother's dick off and selling it on eBay.
Blasting ‘Roses’ Through My Mom’s Speaker
eating flaming hot cheetos before bed
being too musical and playing to much.
dropping a cheese grater on my foot
falling asleep while watching Shameless
inhaling spicy ramen seasoning
daring my girlfriend to do a handstand
convincing a group of kids that geese were going to attack them
mowing my neighbors lawn - practically ruined Easter
earraping people on voicemail
ruining both relationships that I had
asking out my coworker and creating an awkward situation
learning my girlfriend has been cucking me
adding some random guy from Omegle on Snapchat
Tattoo edition
You don't belive it
a hacker used my exposed security keys on a public GitHub repo 5 years after they were exposed, by mistake of course. He used it to create 96 c5.24xlarge servers across 16 regions. I found out about an hour later thanks to Amazon.
typing my password in front of my new boss.
mistaking nitric acid for water and using it to clean myself after using the toilet.
accidentally exchanging money for sexual favors from my wife.
By forgetting my phone password
letting my sister hang out with me and my crush
drinking a beer half full...
forgetting your assistance can get sticky sometimes
bringing a rat to Walmart
getting surprised by the new toilet at work.
laughing at a dead lady thinking there was watermelon all over the ground, when it reality it was brains.
accidentally implying I was a pedophile
consuming salt
Today I almost f*cked up by almost wearing slippers to school
breaking one of the biggest unspoken rules of Among Us
getting a Covid test at a "pop-up" store at the mall in Woodland Hills
getting high and jacking off at work
having my first period as a guy
calling the police on my neighbours when I was SUPER high.
commenting a dark joke on a Instagram page and possibly getting banned
getting my wife on Reddit
throwing a bottle of lotion at my hotel room wall
Left my baby sitting in her poop
betting a million on my daughter
getting in the wrong line at the grocery store
because I didn't wash my hands enoufh
calling a black co-worker by another black co-worker's name
laughing about a patient’s penis.
adding a random user on Snapchat from their windshield
making my mom laugh too hard.
Breaking the Fart Barrier
asking my GF if she still had the leash in her bedroom
wearing minty sanitary pads
using olive oil to season my grill
rough housing with my boyfriend
By Thinking i can sleep through the night
scheduling the wrong permit test
sending a kinktok video to a kink educator
letting my dog do his business in the snow.
picking a phone based on if i could play minecraft
poorly applying physics in the bathroom
dosing myself with chlorine and thinking I had covid.
asking someone if I could have their food...
sending a mildly explicit message to an Ex’s friend.
tucking in my short strings into my underwear
bringing coffee to school
realizing I missed a Halloween party NOT on Halloween and I’m pissed because it was my life long dream to go to an adult Halloween party
flicking my boyfriend's ball so hard we're sexless for the unforeseable future
We had a siren in memory of our soldiers, everyone stood still silently for 3mins except me, I can't believe how akward I was
telling a high schooler to hit me up
being a curious guy
naming a female game character "Naveah"
flooding my entire student accommodation.
rubbing lemongrass essential oil, EVERYWHERE
I accidentally sent my teacher the wrong emoji and coming across as rude
realizing my family donated something my SO let them borrow.
watching porn in the car with my gf’s father.
Making My Girlfriend's Dad Hate Me
sending my girlfriend out of my house because she got me angry.
The pervert rap
Haha
My experience with a $2,600 jawbreaker candy - cautionary tale
giving a girl my phone
I ‘ruined Christmas’
making the worst painting I've ever seen
attempting to wake up my wife with a bare-ass fart but accidentally (I swear!) shitting a little on her forehead and in her hair.
trying to spend my money responsibly
drinking an incredibly potent, infused old fashioned
explaining to my dad what an OnlyFans is
not being able to cease the moment
Not Waiting Long Enough to Have Sex After Having Stitches Removed
By sending a goofy picture with my tits out to my friend. Except it wasn't just to my friend it was to my male coworker. oops
leaving an open can on the counter.
making the smell on my pants worse
admitting to my supervisor I was missing work due to mental health issues now she’s stretching that to imply I’m going to murder suicide the whole job..
because I’m too damn helpful
being uncircumcised and not knowing what hygiene is...
skating pantsless
having a party in my vacation house.
squirting on my laptop while jerking off
not having my phone recharged
typing f instead of g
mistyping my email when purchasing an online course
Using my phone one handed while masturbating
stepping in shit
essentially "pepper spraying" myself.
trying to stay anonymous.
Somehow thought a group assignment was supposed to be a solo one
almost killing my whole family
not taking a second to think after my son came out to me
I scared a grandma to death by cutting myself and coughing
After I bought my sister’s birthday balloons...
with battery charging
sending an innapropriate post in the Whatsapp group-conversation of my work instead of to my roommate
fighting mom and punching the wall and breaking my fist when my exams are close.
By flooding my apartment TL : DR
shadow boxing my boyfriend
flossing to get beef out from in between my teeth
stalking my date
Cheated in my ex
accidentally flipping my friend off
getting banned from r/conservative for saying Jacob Blake didn’t deserve to get shot.
trying to have spontaneous sex with my husband
losing my fantasy sex toy cleaner.
playing Pokemon Go on bus
Outsource Customer Care Service
keeping NSFW pictures on an old phone.
spending too much on Onlyfans
having such poor spelling I got banned from my favourite game
thanking a stranger
not knowing about different kinds of lube
dropping my phone
tripping 🤯🤯🤯
eating chocolate
trading Tyreek and Mahomes for Kyler and Kamara
not taking my “disease” seriously.
driving my car
saving a girl's contact as HOE. How do i politely convince her that I meant Heaven On Earth?
accidentally calling my wife’s dad a fucking idiot for not wearing his seat belt
going into the shower
I’m pretty sure my Mom have had heard me jacking off to gay porn.
trying to kill a moth
using a famous aeronautical adage...
Giving Heart Attacks to Two Animals, Myself and Managing a Cock-Block in the Process
Secret Santa.
Manscaping (NSFW)
Today I Fucked Up.
being to nice
giving a ninja star to a Japanese exchange student
punching my brother in the face
accidentally shoving a vaginal yeast suppository in my rectum
waving off my awesome stepdads invitation to adopt me because I thought it was a joke.
UPDATE by giving a homeless man a place to live and then making him homeless again
buying VR Porn and telling my family about it
because I told the teacher I like drugs
shitting my shorts while on a hike with my friend
Offering an Airhead to My Co-worker
belching down the phone to the doctor and asking for a high five
hooking up with a ret. Army SGTs mail order wife?
getting caught up in how exciting Amazon fresh carts are and wanting to shop there but used my regular card instead of my EBT on accident
not deleting the voicemail recording for the answering machine at my job
going to the toilet on the train
relieving myself in Club Jersey Mike’s
forgeting to close the porn tab on my mobile
Lost my watch!!
letting my girlfriend go by “Jeffrey Dahlmer”
Seems like this should b here
Missed my deadline
putting my dick inside a CD
drinking bleach by accident
spitting down myself while sleeping
deepthroating better than my girlfriend
making chlorine gas in my hot tub
falling asleep with a 'Suction cup' on my arm.
I FU by not going to take the test.
Think I fucked up by watching porn in the bathroom
getting stoned and locking myself INSIDE my house
seeing my friends dickpick
acting sick so i could skip school
I put on a steamy mask
Hitting my pinky toe against the corner of the bed.
i poo poo in pants
TIF by having sexy sex
accidentally being homophobic in front of 30 people
hungrily going on a bike ride and then trying to get a bug out of my eye.
going to r/confessions and sorting by top of all time and reading the first one.
letting my female neighbour see me at my worst
asking a kid with cancer why hes in the nurse
agreeing to watch IT Chapter 2 before an early morning flight
using bleach on a re-glazed sink.
thinking my bf changed for a wedding photo shoot
defiling public property on my birthday.
getting into a roadrage insident with my toddler in the front seat
talking shit while my boss was on the other side of the office wall
accidentally telling my teacher to "shut the fuck up"
disney nerve wrecking pandemic
lsd and a micro penis
Recently acquired gf discovered the tinder app on my phone.
using the shower at a family friends house
mistaking an overweight lady to be pregnant
takin such a big poo
recommending a podcast
feeding my lunch to the dog
talking to a stranger super awkwardly which ended up she not responding to me anymore
having sex with a student, told my boss, he told me GJ and some other great stories.
breaking my moms side view mirror on her brand new car
breaking my co-worker’s $370 usd rare FF7 cloud figure
speeding past the owner in the parking lot.
not knowing what day it was.
leaving pornhub open after masturbating
Tifue by making a cup of hot choccolate
Not my fuck up, we had a beach party today at Huntington. Directions and time where sent via email. Party ended 3 hours ago. Friend shows up to the party at 11:20 pm wondering where we are.
forgetting to take a final exam
putting the link to the churche's zoom call on Reddit.
accidentally peeking at the urinal
thinking is actually
accidentally masturbating to my cousin's nudes
using my entire data plan on pornhub premium
hiring an escort that didn't match her pics
and went from 400,000+ karma to 0 with one post
searching up Biggie Cheese for my teacher and the first recommendation was really weird!
sharing a conversation slating my boss to my boss
oversleeping and missing my online external exam.
leaving my bluetooth headphones downstairs while watching porn upstairs
Vacuuming a Yellow Jacket
bc I pooped on the floor at school
trying to repair my phone.
getting hit in the face by a member of my favorite band
mom caught me wackin it
playing a song about eating ass to my 6 year old
NSFW 5/17/20 940 pm est
giving my conservative aunt a glance up my skirt
accepting that getting my mail just got harder over the years
trying to make amends with my exes
trying to take guitar lessons
deleting my YouTube comment when it got two likes
going to play football at the wrong time and catching a cold
whispering "peanuts" to a female.
falling asleep with a candle on and not using my fire extinguisher to put out the fire
hitting on a Lyft passenger
hurling all over the bathroom
letting a drug addict steal my car
accidentally shit talking my best friend
missing my flight.
driving for the first time
paying more attention to the dog instead of the cat
accidentally leaving a document at my dad's house detailing the time I lost my virginity
driving a drunk girl home
lighting the wrong burner
strongly implying that an anesthesiologist was undergoing substance abuse therapy.
licking myself in public
tempered glass
sending my male IT coworker an FDA pamphlet on IUDs
no I mean REALLY fucked up by dropping a switchblade on my foot cutting boxes
overcooking corn kernels
playing video games at a loud audio and making my neighbors think im torturing someone and having police show up
accidentally setting off my alarm from the outside of my house without being able to get in.
getting down and dirty in the back of my parents car
asking a classmate her mom’s maiden name
not wearing protection
listening to the Frozen 2 soundtrack while waiting to pick up my gf.
Looking for love
smelling a strangers underwear in the laundromat
bullying a deaf person
trusting a new chiropractor too much and almost having a happy ending
accidentally finding my moms only fans on her tik tok
Sending The Wrong File on a Job Application
smoking weed after blood donation
pouring cereal then reaching for milk that was frozen...
making my Boy Scout Leader think I had cut my wrists.
eating my sisters BOOGER by accident
ignoring a mild urge to poo
farting so gnarly they called a plumber
inviting my father to my Animal Crossing town
finding out wtf QAnon is. sending my female teacher an explicit text by accident
My dad’s friends are visiting and I assumed they were into psychedelics until I overheard them telling my mom they are against drugs which occurred 2 minutes after I texted them to retrieve the drugs I left them outside my door. What do I do???
drinking my ur*ne
complimenting my mailman shoes getting my gf pregnant
I accidentally did the finger to a 4th grade classmate.
asking the barista for an oat milk sandwich.
causing a massive fight at our families Labor Day BBQ,
I Had Sex in the Back of a Car and Almost Broke a Window
meeting my significant other high on mushrooms.
making a bad joke in front of my awesome teacher almost setting my work on fire
using a ‘forbidden word’ at work
Joy from Watching Veteran's "bad behavior"
Today I fucked up by causing a car crash.
Spent 2+ hours on a dog-themed calendar for this year. Bulk ordered them with the year 2020.
possibly losing by 5 best friends of almost 2 years
I almost died by falling of a building
remotely logging into parents PC at the wrong time....
realizing I’ve been showering wrong my whole life..
Thought it was a good time time to have sex because the house was empty. Apparently my in-laws came by. ..
farting and getting fired immediately.
getting drunk on a super caffeinated wine and dancing at my neighbor
rushing to hem a dress and not catching one rip
I came third in a competition of two people.
eating Popeye’s.
not being in the delivery room for my girl
Getting Saturday detention for the best reason
having an eye exam.
confessing to my crush
drinking for the first time in Beirut on the day of the explosion while playing League of Legends
calling a student the name of their computer.
attacking an Asian family
saying by showing my "Johnny" to a guy in the restoom.
costing my company 11,500 (probably more), making them fire another guy for my screw up, causing my best friend's mom to have a shitty holiday and making them cancel our christmas lunch
putting GoldBond on my balls
changing transmission fluid instead of oil in my fiancees car.... KISSING MY BROTHER in the mouth and need advice
I voted for Trump in the 2016 election
wanting a mojito
reacting like a robot to my neighbor's baby announcement
throwing away my Christmas present
shit-talking my professor in a canvas group discussion
shoveling by elder neighbors’ driveway
masturbating in the shower
letting my dog run around on Thanksgiving.
By forgetting to check the plug.
ตุ๊กกี้ แจกถุงยังชีพไปแล้ว 3 วัน เน้นแจกให้ทั่วถึง
doing my job.
Fucked my mom's best friend in the ass.
telling my husband something I thought he already heard.
not bringing basic first aid on a hike
Waiting for HR admonishment
getting too close with my boss
fixing a plane in the wee hours of the morning
texting the suicide hotline
mentioning about IG babes boobs
TIL that people from Côte d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast) use the demonym, “Ivorian.”
not realizing the cute gym employee thinks I'm a transwoman.
kicking my niece in the face and letting her brother jump from a closet.
posting a video of my cat playing fetch
loving cucumber soap and making a bubble.
I threw a firecracker to scare somebody
waking up
breaking a bottle of ghost pepper sauce
recording a late night zoom call of myself on my work zoom.
having drinks at lunch NSFW
asking why there was a dance party in the car park .
adding my parents on house party which resulted in my dad seeing my BF naked.
Drunk crafting not a good idea help?
looking through my boyfriends drawers
taking an Ambien and calling 911 while asleep
using a Vanilla Card to buy something expensive on EBay
Today.... I fucked up.... Big time.... (Involves new friends, new enemies and a very... Very... Awkward situation.... 😼)
I Lost a GPS Tracker
writing a will
laughing at my mothers friends house burning down
plopping down on my couch
Chewed an Airborne
running a red light in a busy intersection...
having sex and accidentally calling my Mom
getting my boyfriends mothers name tattooed on me.
almost getting myself blind with shampoo
wishing my barber Happy Mother's Day
telling a suicidal girl who’s actually attempted ways too kill herself
spending $200 on Reddit
Spontaneously apparating dinnerware
thinking I’m anime
my whole family by trying to calm down a shitstorm
trying to show off to the wife, and buying an eighty dollar glass of whiskey.
washing my butt at my boyfriend's place.
calling a widowed coworker lazy
going to the toilet
stepping in dog poop
totaling my mums new car
spilling a gallon of fermented urine in my parents house
Nutting On My Bedsheets (Warning: Kinda Gross NGL)
to not listeling to my mom when comes to my therapy and walking?
trying to cheat Reddit.
telling my mother my dick just exploded
sending dog food to a child I've never met, for their birthday
telling my friend to downvote my other friend
saying all lives matter.
dropping my 2-months old phone on the ground from 2nd floor
not checking my glass of beer while drinking at my garden with friends
dressing up like a man in front of my brother
drinking salty nipple tea.
being late
exposing myself on the internet...
simultaneously throwing up and wetting myself at the same time.
calling a client a see you next Tuesday
showing up at my crushes text when she told me not you
challenging a Bull
dipping a cookie in my cereal
taking my nightly Ambien and THEN realizing I had a stomach virus.
screaming in my office today.
trying to act dominant in bed
forgetting my phone passcode
telling my girlfriend how depressed my birthday makes me.
using a random email for an adult site
leaving the " dirty " note in my pocket to later been found by my sweet mother
crying at the gym
for refreshing the page on my mother's covid vaccination website
watching The Strange Thing About The Johnsons thinking it was a comedy
getting free coffee
hitting the love of my life
losing 18 million in game currency
Telling SM To Get Her Son To Help Instead.
not changing clothes
watching porn on vacation
Free iphon e Xs &amp; iphone Xs Max Mockup PSD Set-Good Mockups
sending a gorey image in my university WhatsApp group
making a super bowl bet.
I blew the perfect Dad Joke opprtunity
kissing my best friend in front of people.
using body oil as lubricant
I lost my finger in a hunting trip accident.
posting this story.
leaving a half eaten sandwich in the car
trying to kidnap my friend's kids.
not looking at what time it was when my daughter woke up and wandered into my room
while sexting
admitting i want to die on a google doc
making a racist CPT joke.
PSA Read The Label
factory resetting my iPod touch.
rolling my car
reading my mom's texts.
jumping on a level 12 speed treadmill.
thinking I invented a new insult
trusting my priest and missing my last chance to see my favorite rapper before I die
falling for Robihood’s bullshit and not understanding how they make money.
taking a swig of pop
having epic and/or awesome sex
thanking my prof for a great Bryce
not peeing after sex
sticking my finger to a hole in waiting seat
saying “You’re pretty for a black girl”
accidentally asking out a new work colleague in front of other work colleagues my ex knows and possibly her too without meaning to
committing murder by flatulance
waking up with my $100 headphones in my mouth
forgetting to lock the bathroom door and my roommate walked in
grabbing ass
getting myself outed accidentally to my mum
trying to answer my teacher
applying for two different types of subsidy that contradict each other
washing my eyeballs with a bidet
NOT an aphrodisiac...
realizing I had no money on me after ordering food from a fast food restaurant… in which I applied to work at
ripping blood vessels out of my chest (NSFW)
Wrbcnfc
Leaving My Wallet With My Condoms in My Car
telling a girl I love her way too early
not keeping up with current events
Ah well, rhe irony
watching real life footage of an orgy with my Christian dad
ejaculating in my sister panties.
fucking in girlfriend(?)'s mom's car
eating a bowl of cereal next to my laptop.
By having a job wear people hate your guts
I tried to forget what I had done.
grilling when I have no business to be, starting a grease fire, ruining our 5th anniversary meal and almost burning down our new home.
while having sex with my partner and laughing while she had an orgasm
saying "I love you" to a girl I just met
using self defence on a family member.
having my mom *almost* clean up her grandchildren
looking like a predator at Frozen 2
dropping a deuce
making my girlfriend think I was dying.
typoing a TIL
sex much
ejaculating but I was saving my load for sex
not being considerate
meeting a franchise NFL quarterback and his entourage and didn't realize it.
pronouncing CeCe Peniston wrong
killing Jesus
thinking about the Game
accidentally supporting pedophiles
Pavlov-ing myself
not cooking enough potatoes.
i am an actual idiot for this
posting a ebay parcels to myself while high
saying Uranus on the phone with a Delta Rep.
lying to my parents &amp; committing plagiarism on my exam
linking to alleged illegal content
Possible food poisoning
sending a very inappropriate text over group chat.
When My Friend and I Pulled Off Our Skin For A Cosplay
buying our family's kids toy weapons and going through TSA in 3 countries.
trying to escape friendzone
not washing my hands thoroughly enough
taking edibles
Losing my Wallet
texting my toxic ex-best friend
spilling water all over my laptop
being an asshole driver
accidentaly sending yolo in the livemeeting of my class.
It’s actually a “today my wife f’d up”
being stabbed by my wife while we were both horny
pissing off a biden supporter over a phone
not answering a call from jail
looking up at Walmart cashier and mutually glancing awkwardly into each other's eyes
TOFU by living with my boyfriend
letting my friend sing grand wizard man while my dad was listening without us knowing.
IFU by doing my job
not taking my antidepressants ... for a week.
last night) - resubmission smh
I messed up while Diving
committing one of my country’s biggest social faux pas.
sending some messed up shit on my school website
not opening a text from a girl for 5 days
wearing sweatpants.
onto turning my nephew gay.
impersonating superman
learning English by accidentally calling someone metrosexual
putting myself off Vodka.
telling my lab partner to fap it.
jizzing in my briefs and leaving them for the ants
thinking my piano recital would be on friday. Nope, it was on thursday-that's the day I found out.
making a joke about how often my girlfriend and I have sexuals
talking crap "behind" my superior's back, in front of my superior.
forgetting to mute myself.
playing a game so loud I damaged my hearing
tanning topless in the backyard
making an old lady think my coworker had died
trying to prank my wife and instead learning the validity of the age-old adage, "Never trust a fart."
There goes 60 down the drain
hitting my dog
leaving a toddler on his own whilst he's throwing up
getting drunk and having my first kiss
showing my parents a video of the challenger ship exploding with minecraft parodies in the background.
letting the cat get my wife pregnant
chemically burning my penis
dropping weight on someone else's foot while benching
tresspassing on somebody's property
screaming through the house from a giant spider waking up my sleeping husband and son
pissing off a 14 year old for throwing beer bottles off a roof
doing all the things you should never do when helping a stranger
getting farted on by a teacher
&lt;masturbation related incident&gt;
forgetting how paranoid my uncle is
opening an audio file from my friend in front of my parents
vacuuming around my doggo
letting my employers know I used weed.
not getting vaccinated in 7 years
joining a scat thread
with a massive self-bondage failure (25M)
almost knocking myself out during sex with my girlfriend.
literally pissing my pants at a house party
realizing I was using a tampon wrong for 5 years
going clubbing in a foreign country and looking like a player and a scoundrel in front of my sisters in law
melting chocolate under my butt on the sofa
Letting A Race To Happen On Earth That Will Most Likely Destroy It..
getting laid, forgetting about a roast chicken in the oven and going on holiday for 4 weeks
I ask for a girlfriend for Christmas. My mother complies.
accidentaly activating my microphone
By having a google meets in the wrong part of the house.
getting scammed with my own nudes
jizzing my pants PART 2
leaving a cleaning utensil out in the open.
My friend is a dumbass
playing sport
causing myself and another driver to pay exorbitant towing fees.
asking my 100% deaf born girlfriend of 2 years if she ever played Bop-It.
getting into bed in the dark without checking under the covers.
having a parnoid family who has hidden cameras
scheduling a call with a college counselor, only to fucking oversleep.
My horny grandmother is ruining my love life
accidentally telling a Dunn Tire employee that I'm gay and engaged
By not eating hot peppers then deciding to eat hot peppers
Knife flipping went wrong
spilling a cup of near boiling tea on my leg
not looking at the toilet beforehand.
trying to spam a phone scammer
telling a story my Dad told me about the origin of the word S.H.I.T. I honestly don't know if he's full of it.
standing up while a bidet was running.
wasting water for years
prank calling a Mental Health helpline and ended up getting therapised
Switcharo
Accidentally getting my dad attested
not following my “group’s” rules
violating a client's privacy
whispering “it’s the fucking Catalina Wine Mixer,” into my girlfriend’s ear at the climax of our sexual relations...(shitpost)
saving a woman from a burning building
Ju
Calling The Police On My Mom.
not asking somebody what my friend meant before looking it up in class
having sex with my biological mother.
a first date I had in a while
mixing soy sauce with rice
not knowing how reddit works
unknowingly homewrecking.
opening the blinds.
crawling into my husbands zoom interview
Pimple Juice in her mouth
farting while sick
walking into the hostel bathroom to witness an entirely naked guy parading around.
sleeping with my TV on.
putting a hole in my ceiling!
getting banner on
clicking on my parents sex tape
forgetting to bring a towel to the gym
chewing my "hangnail"
telling my Boss he needs a paychologist
and bought 1-ply TP.
making my (Celiac) girlfriend drink beer
hot-boxing my truck last night
not knowing what nose hair getting too long felt like
Asking For A Hentai Sticker
making a “wave pool” in my bathtub and possibly causing thousands of dollars worth of damage.
Come follow me on Twitch!!
being too adventurous with my food in Mexico
trying to calm myself down during a bad acid trip
delaying a flight causing a panic
calling my mom's boss an off-brand Dr. Phil
Today I fucked up... for posting on Reddit
Taking a big fat wank with hand sanitizer
having prepared for a long time a surprise for a woman and she doesn't deserve it at all
Chromecasted Porn by accident
getting caught master baiting
ban me
Not Taking a Chance
teaching my twin sons about consent.
using paper towels.
using tissues instead of toilet paper
not going to the aid of an older man at the gym
offering to marry someone.
up my chance of introducing myself to the hottest and most famous girl in college.
referring to my penis as a "pee pee"
and almost destroyed my computer
storing my spit cup on my side table during lunch
pre flushing the toilet.
getting blackout drunk with my friend
drinking a Baja Blast from Taco Bell at 10 PM
tickling my girlfriend too much
accidentally coming on to a male patient while placing a urinary catheter
Thinking I didnt need sunclscreen for face.
blowing up my girlfriend's parent's shower
Home alone... until brother comes home for once
Losing my GF/Best Friend
calling someone a catfish who wasn't one
NSFW  not considering what would happen if my neighbors didn't get rid of their dog
having blood taken whilst having a migraine
watering my plant with vinegar
buying cigarettes!
not taking my mom’s spare tire and peein’ on the side of the road
texting my mom while on a CBD/Melatonin cocktail
being extremely racist at someone's deathbed
letting my teacher see email saying "Worship BBC".
eating half an edible and having a full blown panic attack because I forgot I took my glasses off.
throwing up on my boyfriend
sort of) by playing porn (quietly) during a conference call at work.
r/I Severed My Heel Off Completely
loosing the entire guest list for my wedding
drawing a penis on my sleeping wifes face
knocking some dude on his face.
buying someone a drink
joking to Border Security about my aunt kidnapping me
telling my wife she has bad breath during a quarantine.
declining a bag at the grocery store
sending an inappropriate meme to my partner's father.
getting drunk and then smoking weed and losing my phone
masturbating while my parents were home
looking for my Christmas present. I found much more.
In nearly set the house on fire with a tortilla.
reading so many stories that end with somebody getting hurt.
Swallowing While Soaking in the Tub
sending my husband’s grandma a graphic meme
mistaking my Airpods for a cashew nut
biting my already smashed phone screen, and getting glass all in my mouth. (NSFW)
inviting an old man to grope me
hitting on a girl at the gym
telling my PM that he's bitching
trusting Enterprise for a family holiday
getting fingered in the butt NSFW
being an absolute moron
playing with a Japanese sickle and tearing my ass
because I messed up a drawing I was really proud of
Family Came For Holidays/Bluetooth/Porn in Shower☹️
quiting my job and giving away the little money I had
accidentally publicly mocking my new friend's disability
insulting a customer
watching my neighbors grandkids with binoculars while naked.
Sexy sexy sex XXX I fucked mommy
being naked Infront off my new room mates
doing creative writing on this subreddit.
eating Spam
ripping off my date’s leg
wiping with bleach wipes
sharing my SSN (?)
while helping a friend move house
Pee all over myself
trying too much THC
15 minutes ago, I dropped my newish AirPods in the toilet I had just used
yelling “boobs” for the entire day while remaining completely oblivious.
jerking off to my crush in zoom class
teaching my dad to nut
sending my friend a very inappropriate funny image that his parents saw and now he is in trouble and mad at me
when a snaked peed on me
being too eager for sex and recreating a murder scene
buying doughnuts without a keychain
farting on my SOs leg
dropping my airpods in the commode
sitting in the wrong cinema seat
accidentally asking a couple for a threeway reading Peter Rabbit to my four year old.
stealing my friend's sister's underwear
teaching my son about periods
Fixing my sis lap and founding her then underage nudes
not looking at my little cousin’s bug
letting my cousin sister use me
TIFI by putting hand sanitizer on my crotch
doing anal with a rubber snake
using a homemade bath bomb that had glitter powder
keeping my studies aside for my exam tomorrow to solve Rubik's cube for the first time. making a post on other Reddit sub on how
popping a bright red pimple near my nose
in the bathroom
eating peanut cluster ice cream
By getting some ‘Da Bomb’ hot sauce on the end of my gigglestick.
Fantasizing About My Crush To Get Off
I had a three-way with my fiance and her sister
sending over 2,000 Bad Dragon sex toys to a daycare.
cursing at a nun
Oh man this is bad
for thinking i was pretty enough
allowing my dog to have a little extra dinner, or how it’s my fault my husband got shit on in his sleep.
texting a screenshot of the girl I was talking to, TO THE GIRL I WAS TALKING TO
forgetting to turn off the microphone and camera during an online class.
naming all of my dildos after my friends
leaving my skirt tucked in behind the elastic, strolling through town in my underwear.
accidently encouraging reddit to call and email a professor at my university
driving off with the gas nozzle still in my tank.
be being 5 km away from the huge atomic like explosionin Beirut
trying to remove my Prince Albert
TIFI: I was a racist to a friend.
calling my friend
in the computer lab and almost erased someone's unsaved work
listening to a rap song and singing along with it.
pouring hot oil into the sink
Permanently Damaging My Eyes By Playing Video Games
betraying the one closest to me.
trespassing on somebody's property
Today I fucked up by walking into my parents room whilst having sex
sending a picture of my in a girls outfit to my guys group chat
having consensual non-consent sex with my girlfriend, and being accused of rape by her friend.
potentially giving myself carbon monoxide poisoning
sex sex
saying no to my crush
tearing up at the wrong time.
showing my girlfriend the recording of her cheating on me.
Power Washing
admitting to my boyfriend of 2 years I almost cheated on him...
when I used the word puke instead of puck..
being extroverted for once
almost hooking up with a MILF. (NSFW?)
teaching a special education student to masterbate
I accidentally played a song my friend nearly killed herself to breaking my family up for being spoiled.
calling the new lunch moniter hot.
writing an essay on Nickelback conspiracy theories
forgetting how short I am whilst holding an umbrella
causing an old lady to faint and go to the hospital because of GTA V
accidentally texting a group chat that I’d delivered a turd so big I couldn’t flush it
being an hangry idiot who ruined sexy time
for telling a boy that I liked him before
ruining my workplace shutter
brushing my teeth with antibiotic ointment.
hitting a dog with my car
Unintentionally called my "plus-sized" best friend unattractive
using my boyfriend’s phone to check my messages
not moving on for two years
complementing a woman at the grocery store
roasting my friends recently deceased mother
sometimes the little things make us feel the big stupid
forgetting I am clumsy and unfit
accidently cutting off a piece of my eyebrow
17 year of abuse and no one cares!
Jdk
buying a house right under one of the busiest runways of one of the busiest airports in North America
Spitting Out my Gum
orgasming uncontrollably at the gym, causing a 911 call
cooking final video for my class
not locking door before intimate relations with gf.
thinking if anti=bad that pro=good and giving myself severe "tummy troubles" for the greater part of the year.
not going to the dentist in over 5 years.
stretching in old jeans
going to the bathroom before a job interview.
throwing a set of keys in the trash at work
spilling cacao powder
smashing a beer bottle on a friend i barely knew.
inadvertently making fun of starving people
using my own equipment wrong
reprimanding my husband for not knowing George Washington Carver was the inventor of peanut butter only to find out he invented over 300 uses for peanuts but peanut butter WAS NOT ONE OF THEM.
watching porn after school
being banned from a swingers club. (NSFW)
not listening to a doctor so I went nearly blind for 2 months
buying a pinochle deck for a game of Texas Holdem.
letting an oui yogurt jar fall into the drain!
LION DOESNOT DREAM AND HUNTING, LION JUST HUNT.
making chlorine gas to clean my work
Sharing my Screen
making my tutoring student think I have a UTI or STD
Today I almost killed myslef...
laughing at a coworkers misfortune with another coworker.....
going to a Christian sleep away camp. (I’m Jewish)
Fucking up a class camping trip
not taking my dorm key with me to the shower.
Unknowingly Using A Dirty Vibrator
For deciding to 'take a small drive' around the town and out of town.
got girlfriend arrested and also taken
not knowing NFL colours.
thinking elephants didn’t have mouths
berating a lady who bought my dinner
sending titty pics to my bf
trying to cuddle my dog
putting down the wrong birth year for my dad's Covid Vaccine appointment
throwing my phone out the car window while spilling piece on myself
dropping an extremely noxious beer fart in the lift of a shopping centre.
seeing if my wife was cheating on me
calling my wife an airhead.
killed a baby bird, years back
revealing my boyfriends true parentage and causing his parents to divorce
accidentally went into girls restroom.
having all hell break loose in the bathtub
stinkin' up the party
Tuna breathe
TDIFU by exposing myself
thinking a sever was hitting on me
leaving my undies at work
commenting on someone's perfume
accidentally playing the afternoon bell at school.
telling my husband to let me beat his meat in front of my MIL.
not throwing my cum tissue in the garbage
offering both my best friend and neice a kitten
leaving discord open when I went for a walk
getting naked on zoom
not telling my crush the truth
nosebleeding on my date's penis
sending the wrong video
accidentally grabbing my sister’s mail in ballot before heading out of state.
buying $150 worth of cool stuff before a sale
"joking" about my crush's late wife
not checking my underwear.
I saw a toilet in my dream last night
by turning a mother’s worst nightmare into a reality
wake up my gf with my fart
I flashed my penis to kids by accident
getting caught masturbating by my dad
flashing my Fiancé’s family and now Fiancé is not talking to them.
ignoring warnings from the National Weather Service
telling my girlfriend that she looked like Charlize Theron in Monster when her hair was wet and brushed back.
giving company bank access to a criminal...
having testicles.
trying to copy a Kpop hairstyle
breaking my friend's sink.
doing a white power symbol in public
loudly farting in an all school video call.
Mistress
jumping off a roof in a man thong and breaking the floorboards below
drinking bong water
pressing -0 on elevator
calling McDonald’s
telling my wife I'm Gay
ordering a burger with onion rings and soda.
sending an inappropriate video to my leadership program group chat.
making my aunt believe a demon used and demolished her bathroom.
Great place! Seems suitable... I feel at home already, maybe a bit too old
not realizing it was my cake day until the sun was setting
I went down a Bronie rabbit hole and my wife walked in.
unblocking my childhood predator.
accidentally sending my older brother this video
sending my MIL a picture of my junk.
very nearly killing my cat.
masterbating in front of a security camera (which isn't hidden, which I was fully aware of)
accidentally drugging myself before morning work shifts the last week and thinking I had cancer
returning to the gym after 5 months.
talking about smoking weed with my dad on a phone call that his employer (that does random drug tests) was recording
gassing my bf out of the room
tying my GFs boots and getting kicked out of a bar
accidentally poking fun at an old school-mate's disability.
dropping my keys in a port-a-potty
forgetting to plug the fridge back in
misunderstanding my roommate and responding with a completely inappropriate answer
picking up the phone after waking up
DARYL BARNES - INFAMOUS IRISH CONMAN/SCAMMER - STILL OUT THERE SCAMMING!!
trying to get some guy's attention.
caught by the Police whilst having sex in the car with GF
be being a big rdr2 fan.
not playing enough with my dog
catching a northern pike with a traditional Swedish sausage in it's stomach
trying to kill myself, and taking a promising COVID treatment with me
It cost me an arm and a leg to offend an one arm girl.
wasting $25,000, 2 years of my life, and destroying a friendship that perhaps wasn't meant to be.
underestimating Nate the Snake
seeing a customer's porn pics
ruining a whole school competition
This sub sucks now
trying to be in a LDR
getting a blowjob
giving someone else's T.V to a scammer
accidentally sending my junk to an unknown number of people
wishing death to my grandfather
getting caught by his dad
getting caught shoplifting
tricking someone with a bot
ending my anxiety riddled day with 28 Weeks Later.
waiting at the door for my pizza.
not speaking for a whole day
up trying to kill myself, only to survive and wake up among a bunch of quarantined Corona Virus patients
swallowing cum
shouting at my neighbours kids. mistakingly sending a message
using my deodorant all week...
looking homophobic in front of my mom
giving myself a $165 haircut
looking at my spouses phone
calling a dude a bitch on Xbox
burning my eyes with sunscreen for months and not noticing until today
changing my alarm sound and my little brother thinking it was a psychopath
lying about my "job" .
saying goodbye to a really intimate friend
turning my vibrator on, on my dad.
wearing too tight of pants
moving back home.
I’ve made popcorn a hundred times before...
playing gangster rap in the car with my religious grandfather
telling my family I was going to go masturbate.
slamming a door
Groupon
using a zucchini
grunting and kneeing my fiancé in the back
not having a plunger in my house when needed.
sleeping naked
UPDATE: Shot Myself with a .308 Rifle
joining a bookclub at work
planning and executing an elaborate prank to trick a coworker into thinking her daughter went missing...
i was most likely the reason that comments got shut off of a song
watching Vivarium with my kids.
shitting on the seat.
and made someone quit their job
If you thought your ex in-laws hated you before...
smashing my boyfriends bedroom window
sitting down too hard on the toilet, literally destroying it
maybe? Sort of?
congratulating a woman on her miscarriage.
listening to my roommate jerk off in the bathroom for half an hour
accidentally creating a tsunami of gone-off chicken stench in my basement
sleeping with a former client (divorce attorney) who then set out to destroy my career.
eating recooked Sprouts
making my landlady think I perform experiments on my pubes
lying to my ex that I’m not on Tinder.
lying about a fake boyfriend to my landlord.
walking my dogs during lunch.
Putting on foot cream
not checking the dryer.
anime music blasted very loudly during class
sending a co-worker to the hospital by hitting him with an RC car.
pulling a hamstring
telling my professor she is old
I Can't See
thinking the home page of google analytics shows number of users and not page views for last 10 years
postponing my wedding
telling a patient's wife he was taking the "little blue pill" and not telling her what it's *actually* for
making love so hard i almost passed out
cleaning up bird shit.
"pranking" my dad
telling my friend I used to like her
trying Vaseline as lube. (And immediately regretting it)
writing a post that endangered and angered a lot of people.
bringing a zucchini to a birthday party.
forgetting the E-Mail adress i bought Bitcoins with
not properly reading my email
Today I fucked up by showing an elderly woman my husband’s penis.
being sneaky and forgetful at the same time
ripping ass on my husbands head
not looking down while I was waking in the middle of winter, missed a chunk of black ice, totally fell and fractured my ankle
triggering a woman’s psychosis and a narcoleptic episode at a party
smoking weed and having to shit
not using my mind and basically ruining all entertainment for myself for 2-3 years.
leaving my dog alone for too long.
using a dish sponge on a car
Getting my finger stuck in airport bathroom wall
sitting next to a possible MAP
Gun spinning disaster
wearing a baseball hat all the time.
thinking I was just having bad period cramps
putting/letting my baby feed from one side.
leaving my data on like an idiot
getting haughty with my mother in the grocery store
no knowing what “bussy” means.
visiting a subreddit
blasting some spongebob earrape music while getting an orgasm
Joking That Our Bar’s Staff Meeting Was a Secret Intervention
walking up to the front door of a house to ring the doorbell while a large dog barked his ass off at me.
having sex with my boyfriend with a broken rib
accidentally torturing a deer to death
being a McDonald’s survivor.
not reading the directions and then smoking the house
pouring bleach into my eyes.
making a joke about a miscarriage.
A BLOW JOB...
wrecking my toilet with my dildo
putting sugar in coca-cola
realizing I've been fondling my cat's teats during dinner all this time
LPT:  making by job excruciatingly difficult... for three years!
when I asked a friend where they got that “goofy face filter”, when they posted a video of their kid making funny noises.. they didn’t use one.
loudly proclaiming 'all the blacks can go to hell'
dropping water on my Nintendo Switch.
New game that I thought would help me, turns out it made it worse
using a very wrong word substitution
needing to use the toilet.
showing my coworker a mukbang video
killing someone with a bat
believing that random human kindness exists.
getting a blow job biting my iPhone screen and cracking it (NSFW)
fapping to my mom
locked in my parents closet on a first time date...on her period
By nairing my balls
almost burning my apartment down
confronting my estranged father
Need a couple of cuties Any guy with a cute little prick want to fuck?
accidentally letting other people think I'm a pedo
accidentally coming out in front of several friends.
telling people I was suicidal
fucking up a full mark on my maths exam
getting my cat high and not even realizing it
bringing a concealed weapon into an airport
Wasted time
linking a wikihow article on "how to build a gallows" on my company chat channel
My brother not me)
forgetting I poured vodka in a water bottle
accidentally doing a British accent
ny snorting nerds
grabbing cloves instead of chili powder
jerking off in the shower NSFW
getting into lifetime dialysis
getting trapped in the women’s restroom
Try anal get ready for poop
letting the FBI think im gonna schoot up a school.
packing my stuff
totaling the car on a family road trip halfway to our destination.
texting the head of a school to which I don't go
overreacting to noisy neighbor and injured myself
"cussing" in a Christian Zoom call and now my Aunt's reputation might be ruined
IN A SHOPPING MALL
killing my friend's computer.
telling everyone I kiss my cousins on the mouth
really needing gas
mistaking a random person for Louis Tomlinson.
Looking up an escort on work laptop
Why is the name of this subreddit the 4 last characters of my wifi password
Locked up by genius toddler
accidentally buying a $100.00 in-app purchase while trying to take a screenshot
stealing my stepsisters underwear
getting my poop bag stuck in a tree in my mom’s backyard
accidentally sending my mom a PH link
microwaving my fleshlight
"The guy that gives little boys money."
wiping my bum with an alcohol hand sanitizer.
re-reading 11/22/63
loudly replaying hate speech
laughing at a sad scene on a TV show at work
making a joke about my friends laugh and making her cry
wearing white shoes on a first date..
going on a date with a Chad and then fearing for my life
updating my Reddit app.
undoubtedly eating ants
raising my hand to repeat a cum joke in a law school seminar
shaving in prep for a guy
snorting pepper
staying overnight at a hotel
doing blackface.
accidentally telling an old woman she was going to die
pretending to be my roommate's ex
using my girlfriend's butt as a pillow
I missed my first college class
making fun of cancer.
making my boyfriend laugh during a romantic bath together
answering an Instagram video call
sending nudes to a scammer
making an adopted joke to someone who’s adopted.
planning to stay off ANY media sites and not watching any TV for 48 hrs. ( *for a mental break )
texting my 12 year old brother while constipated
messing up while trying to call myself
vomiting into my girlfriends gaping asshole
having my webcam in front of me.
Sending My Sister-in-law What My Wife Wants for Christmas
using my girlfriends shaver and getting a yeast infection on my face
musically
not giving my other dog enough attention
accidentally trolling my college advisor!
feeding my dog and fucking my teeth up
accidentally making a rude comment about my fiancé’s weight
accidentally saying a no-no word in my friends instagram livestream while his dad was watching. NSFW?
forgetting to reapply sunscreen
adpump
sending my mom porn videos...
cumming all over my teachers face
realizing that my ceiling fan has been making my bedroom a sauna for 11 years
not talking to a cute girl
cutting the path at Glastonbury festival
telling someone close to me not to worry about my burning eye for when I sleep rough.
getting comfortable
going to the country
telling school staff I need a p*nis
reconnecting with an ex and bring back old memories I had pushed away
thinking a patient was trying to flirt with me
kicking over a homeless man's begging pot
trying to be flirty with my boss on Zoom
crashing into my house...
trying to justify my sexual body count
using reddit in the bathroom
talking to a stranger soo awkwardly that she ended up not replying to me
Today I fucked up by telling my husband he doesn’t talk enough to me.
choosing a song for my alarms
drawing a picture of my friend getting shot and getting suspended from school.
almost dying on a 7 mile hiking trail
leaving my vibrator on top of my nightstand.
washing away $300
buying a PC with my best friend
Trying to Eat and Drive
I was looking up gay porn and my mother walked in. Now she thinks im gay.
lighting my whole porch on fire
letting my phone rest in another classroom's desk
emailing my managing director telling him he has stood down 600 staff illegally.
permanently damaging my FWB’s new home
Himalaya body scrub products
almost ruining a random guy's life
agreeing to roleplay with my boyfriend
leashing my girlfriend to a hot radiator
calling my fiancé the worst word imaginable
a bad day
searching gay porn in school library, getting suspended, becoming a meme
throwing up in a friend’s sink so much that the party was canceled
making a separate account online to "get away" from people
telling my friends to die
Deep heat gel gone wrong
Need help nearly killed out fish
for getting my tongue stuck in a freezer when I was about 10 years old
causing my girlfriend to get harassed by neckbeards and then spreading a rumor she has an STD!
watching and masturbating to Porn multiple times
trying to see how long it takes a starburst to lose its flavor
sending a random dude over 9 million dollars.
Not Taking My Dog Immediately
going down the stairs to fast and slipping on the last stair. My leg flew out from underneath me, I lost control and slammed down on my butt. Literally busted my butt.
scaring my two-year-old niece with the 3D animals on google
my gf told me not to text her cuz her mother was checking her phone (we are in highschool) and I texted her after an hour and her mom still had her phone
when this sub has turned into a funny sex story subreddit instead of a real FU sub with consequences
asking an asian girl if i could have her mouthmask.
attempting to boil the flesh off a dead bird
telling my whole school we were fingered by a teacher
having sexy sex time with my sexy sex girlfriend sex
yelling at my vice principal
"poking holes in the back of the bus seat"
My friend asked for nudes from his crush's best friend
getting a cup of coffee
making out with one of my closest friends.
not putting things away correctly
not seeing a bear.
Friend used the wrong hole.
Still Have A Ridiculous Headache:
experiencing Newton’s first law
not remembering what alcohol does.
giving my entire profile in a game to a random stranger accidnetally.
today i fucked up by asking the internet to troll this adobe connect room yelling a sexual order at work.
choosing to watch Marriage Story as a Valentine’s Day date.
ebay
attempting to cheer up a friend by surprising her with a gift.
presenting a Sex-Ed presentation and a kid asking me why his penis won't fit in his girlfriend's vagina
pooping myself
Drunkenly tied a bag around my foot.
slipping on a banana
putting my engagement ring in my back pocket
doing my laundry
inadvertently getting high at work.
watching porn while tired
Today I fucked up by absolutely massacring a fucking picture.
accidentally getting high for the first time and went on an adventure
telling to my boss I'm adding money to my salary
trying to wax my privates
not having a 4way
pocket dialing my classmates at 4AM
cumming on a stranger
making an embarrassing mistake
not realizing I was still being recorded.
not responding to Bó
forgetting to do something important
trying to help someone I care about.
saving pictures of my best friends girlfriend.
nearly burning my skin off with homemade hand sanitizer.
dropping my AirPods case into the toilet
knocking my coffee and my laptop off the counter by trying to catch a lint roller that was rolling off the counter to the floor.
because I used a hairbrush to try anal masturbation and found out I had pinworms.
letting a guy I just met borrow my favorite record
clicking the glasses too hard after saying "Cheers!".
ripping my jeans in the middle of sport practice
revealing my dick size
LPT:  feeding the magpies
playing Among Us with my boss
borrowing money from a friend to buy a plan that doesn't work with my phone.
jacking off with mint lotion
making my coworkers think my wife beats me
Getting Hypothermia In My Apartment
flashing to a camera in a hot tub
proposing to my girlfriend on the anniversary of her mother’s death and now she won’t speak to me.
Using baby butt cream on myself and it seeped through my pants
forgetting to tell one of my dogs that he is free.
Touching a Classmates Toe
getting caught in a lie to avoid conversation
asking a dumb question when the answer was obvious.
and it cost me $140
calling the teacher a bitch on zoom because she was pissed at me because she didn’t know I was absent
casting Belle delphine's "eat my a*s" to the living room TV.
I found one of my best friends in OnlyFans
bringing milk to work in a plastic bag
Ordering Cheesecake Factory for Mother’s Day
Tofu by looking up a very fucked up website
using a broken scale for tracking my weight loss.
not hiring a professional.
leaving my dildos out to be discovered by my mom
using my school laptop for talking to my friends
accidentaly saying something weird
blowing a fart to itch my asshole.
threatening a Law Enforcement Officer"
texting my professor "Hey Babe"
trying to edit a page on company website
wearing a mask after a garlic coated lunch.
going on a rant about how guys always struggled with taking off my bra
buying a $120 wine that was %50 and drinking it like my regular $20. Now I'm too drunk to work... And I have a zoom meeting in an hour🙊
wagering my gf in a bet with our friend.
creating a Reddit account more than a year ago with my username and getting banned on a subreddit for it &amp; calling the moderator a Karen
I lend my roommate my SD cards with my Asian gay ass photos in it
trying to fix a Rock Band drum kit
when weed gave me a fear of erections
forgetting to delete my nudes
accidentally spilling milkshake on my friend’s expensive laptop
getting closed out.
trying to imitate a Pokemon battle IRL
masterbating in my living room
peeing musel
stealing a birthday girl's cake pop
losing my condom inside a girl.
I cheated even though I'm single
not skipping school
moving back to the town I abruptly left in 2018.
losing my cum
Fainting in front of doctor
listening to too many true crime podcasts
making the middle school administrators think I’m insane
getting drunk off of my protein shake
showing my junk to my step dad
giving vegetarian friend balut
showing my unsolicited penis to a girl.
getting invited to a Swingers Party
smoking weed last time
decking myself in public
asking myself in the shower how to say peeney in sandwich out loud instead of Spanish
attending a call during my online class
What's going on in Texas
not washing under my foreskin for the first 15 years of my life
accidentally sending an old friend a video of me giving a BJ......
Cumming On My Cat
by trying to get a gorgeous females number as if I had a chance
having brushed my teeth with the toilet toothbrush for four days
My stutter interfered with prounoucning codon.
not getting a haircut and almost having a mental breakdown
for having my dick out for Harambe.
By bruising my penis.
How I somehow got away with watching porn on my mothers phone, despite all the odds being against me.
Accidentally Getting High
Feel asleep post nut.... my walked in
so bad holy shit. I accidentally sent a text in a group chat saying something mean about one of the people in the group chat thinking I was texting a friend.
wearing a filter to class
lying to get out of a conversation with a supervisor
getting too excited about college
I deleted my final exam
spending a lot of my money and my parents found out.
trying to feed my mealworms
not understanding that a girl wanted to have sex
accidentally mixing up the NFL team a QB plays for
contacting my EX so he could talk to his daughter after 12 years
I accidentally revealed my boyfriend's mom's infidelity
trying to raise a baby parrot.
going for a jog at the state park and thinking I was going to die there and my boyfriend nearly getting arrested.
sending and email
not ordering 60 wings for only $36. with my choice of up to 6 signature sauces (or dry seasonings) and up to 12 dips and veggies. with an optional request for sauce on the side
asking a group of people if their parents were still alive
being a classic college financial moron
Getting large scratch on car within first 15 meters of driving AFTER passing my driving exam.
Blackout in the sewer, like a boss...
reacting irrationally and ruining a friendship
making farting sounds that werent actual farts.
not knowing who my date was, in a restaurant.
searching grandfather clock without the l
filling up my hydro flask
Tl;DR Parents found out I had a boyfriend
missing my final exam. FML
farting in an old asian woman’s face at Costco
sending the Fanfiction that I was writing to our GC
Caught wanking with my VR Headset
TIFI By petting my dog while he was eating
drinking Nine shots of Vodka
I messed up twice
getting out from school late
My second damn fuck up within a week...
UPDATE:  accidentally naming my nephew after a pokemon.
hearing the news about Kobe and flooding my kitchen
dropping TP
Locked car keys in a car
doing something kinda illegal at my job.
leaving my bedroom door open while my girlfriend &amp; I had sex &amp; my mom was home
I went to the range today...
giving a customer my half eaten food instead of her food.
I (21M) basically told my childhood friend (21F) that I would be DTF. She hasn’t responded. Wtf happens now?
By pouring coffee into a glass cup
reheating leftovers in the cardboard box they came in.
deciding to watch a movie on T.V with my parents
loving spiders a bit too much
forgetting to zip up my pants and failing go notice a hole in my underwear
missing class to take a shit
getting high, visiting my grandma, approaching crush, getting rejected and almost dying.
deleting all the contents of my laptop
publicly humiliating a girl I had a crush on.
Shitting in an alley
getting out of my wheel chair to hold the door.
looking at a fellow redditors profile.
because i caused a fight between my uncle and his friend and it made them play like literal bumper cars right in front of me lol.
being too nice and nearly dying
uncontrollably farting during a standardized test
being a space cadet and accidentally tripping my nearly 90 year old grandma
Misinterpreted my THC tolerance and ended up feeling quite ill on Edibles
Taking A Long Stroll Around My Neighborhood
putting awkward photos of me on a kahoot.
I mowed the lawn
letting mom find the cum wall... UPDATE
having sex with my boyfriend when I was nauseous
thinking I saw my classmate and texting gone to far
latex
because my apple watch almost got me raided
I might have fucked up a girl
accidentally stabbing my penis
not hugging the girl of my dreams.
I shoved my 3DS stylus in my penis
buying monistat at the on-campus CVS
Today I fucked up by forgetting to close my door
asking my colleague about her birth control.
fapping after work
yelling at my in-laws for having hair every were in her room.
writing the word cunt on a job application
Make your travel safe during COVID-19
I reversed my girlfriends mothers car, into her car.
wearing a plastic female skin suit.
mistakenly saying the word porn in front of my 4yrs old
buying a slave Arab that has ABOMB attached to him
shaving
and learned about my weird allergy!
pouring milk directly into my protein powder container.
literally eating my own shit in front of a coworker
nearly getting someone kicked out of their workplace.
sleeping during my online classes
when I did a bad purchase
publicly posting revenge porn
not really today but in the course of 26 days.
By working on my truck and getting gas sprayed in my face
purchasing Christmas beanies for all of my grandchildren.
charging my phone with a generator.
destroying my foot
helping my mom setup Google Chrome on our home computer
calling my girlfriend by my ex’s name
staring at my bosses mothers ass
confronting a garden thief.
not giving a model who was obviously hitting on me my number
Click, Help &amp; Earn more points 2Gether😉and threw rocks at a women’s windshield and got the cops called and my school sued
paying for everyones Christmas presents
potentially almost burning my house down
Left my Job to Travel - Thanks Covid
dreaming I pissed on the grave of my enemy
because my mic was unmuted when my friend sent me a tik tok.
2 years ...6 Doctors...$20000
Rename this sub.
accidentally fondling my mother in public
giving a girl an Infection and ruining my chances with a crush single-handedly
dropping a class I didn’t know I had an A in..
letting my friend check me Reddit history
trying to see my own buttcrack from the front.
not realizing a odd series of new 'scabs' over my body was actually crabs.
getting a haircut that I completely hate
trying to get my application papers from a company
holding in my poop
letting my anger take over me.
putting the kettle on, then "defacating"
forgetting about Christmas stuff in my hallway
crossing the line with a joke with a former female college and got blocked.
making my religious swastika in Singapore
running out of gas in the middle of a busy road
Better luck next time!
leaving piss cups in my bedroom
Tasting my own period blood
forgetting how loud I am
experimenting too far with my shower 'dildos', causing an ensuing shit-storm of bad luck
getting a haircut
holding a sign that says "show me your tits" at a riot
YIFU (Yesterday) by eating delicious plums as a healthy snack before hooking up for a date
looking at my mom's phone.
Trying to Save Myself From Choking
scratching my Gift Card too hard.
explaining a song meaning to my daughter.
praising a coworker in front of other coworkers
getting covered in cow poo on the way to a meeting
copying the "I did it on my own" statement on my paper from a friend
being me
borrowing bicycle
talking about my crush while he was within earshot
buying shitty licorice and spitting it out in a bin that hasn't been lined up yet
doing an Ian Anderson impression in the shower
Blasting Otep in my Garage thinking it couldn’t be heard as I lifted. I was Wrong.
disguising myself as a trans person in a gay bar
making my coworkers listen to the Greatful Dead trying to be nice.
neglecting my weight gain
trying to surprise someone by leaving behind special brownies that are now missing
microwaving a sock
thinking my boyfriend couldn’t hear my farts for 3 years
breaking my laptop charger
taking flowers to my mother's work for her 50th birthday
apologizing to my ex friend
reading another about carrots
cutting up jalapeños and then taking my eye contacts out.
visiting my childhood home and getting my Jeep stuck.
letting my friend get too drunk
I let one go as I was cutting a clients hair
getting bitten by a snake
almost losing my penis to frostbite.
commenting on my boyfriend’s sister’s toilet habits.
not putting on earphones not taking a photo of a 69 fast enough
borrowing a neighbors drugs. Hilarity ensues.
Accidentally saving hundreds of people’s card information to my gmail
making a song about sex and cockblocking myself
trying sextacy because it sounded cool...
discovering banana spiders do NOT, in fact, taste like bananas.
putting a love letter of what I thought my friends car
for brust out laughing during a cancer fundraising presentation
not cleaning up well enough before a date
cumming in a durian (NSFW)
realizing my worst nightmare
rolling over in my sleep and tearing a ligament
attempting to chug hot sauce
sending a shirtless pic to a work group text
cheering chewing the inside of my cheek
letting a coworker know I could see her underwear
I released a song with out makeing sure it was all edited and good, and I posted it to Spotify and apple music. oh no lmao I swore at the end after a minute of trying to get it to stop recording
hotboxing with 2 experienced smokers, and going back to school
sleeping with my ex who's in an open relationship
letting encense burn while I was sleeping and almost killing myself
spraying my cat with my bidet
going to the ER for dry eyes
telling my friends a joke I read on AskReddit
misspelling the name of my to-be interviewer in my cover letter, and it is likely to be addressed in the "Are you detail orientated?" segment of said interview later today.
jacking off too hard
im not sharing the story in the title cause its gonna be a short one
shaving my pubes in the shower
getting blackout drunk, separating my shoulder, and kissing my husband's cousin. TL;DR at bottom (repost with tl;Dr)
underestimating the National Weather Service Warnings...
talking to my Christian friends after drinking some alcoholic beverages
not making local friends before Covid-19
I made out with my step sister
leaving my pee bottle without a cap
trying to fix my Samsung Galaxy phone by myself.
calling my credit card company for a porn website annual renewal
conditioning myself to get sexually aroused when I see Gordon Ramsay
making chloroform
launching myself off my bed to avoid puking on my wife during sex
finding my ex girlfriend's porn account
doing an unnecessary eye exam a d now my vission is blurry
trying to wax myself
driving over the sidewalk to avoid the fire truck
yelling at and calling a customer rude
opening my apartment door to check if our food had been delivered yet
playing Trapwords with my family after drinking 3 cups of tea over Thanksgiving dinner.
Today i lost 2 karma
not understanding how alcohol worked as a child
entering the cum cage
trying to remember my phone lock pattern
Never Judge A Pill By Its Stamping
giving a homeless man a home and then making him homeless once again
my 20s. Full of regret, sadness, and anger.
accidentally flashing my little brother
telling my sober friend no one likes a quitter
baking a cake.
taking my dog for a walk to the store he ended up getting out of his collar while I was inside and ran away even though I tied his leash outside
Throwing a Drink in My Ex’s Face
responding to a sext with a sext to the wrong person.
fully evacuating a 5 star hotel into a freezing cold car park for several hours.
having an iPhone charger next to my bed.
asking my florist for butthole flowers
eating 7 cans of beans in 3 days
when I stopped talking to a girl I was interested into?
making a wikipedia account under a burner email
telling my 6 year old sister that people who die are eaten by insects.
Don't drink kids
tickling my fiance
letting a gross smell in the escalator, seconds before my crush entered it
giving my BF handcuffs.. and he told my parents.
Lose weight, boost metabolism, balance harmones and flush out toxins without change in diet and exercise
boarding a plane
letting my daughter witness my depression
starting a show on the last episode
getting lost in the woods while trying to sneak out to my girlfriend's house.
being too honest with my doctor
accidentally leaving my NSFW drawing on my bed
Using someone else's bodily fluids for a UA
helping my brother move and "making" my dogs sick
eating Jalapeno cheese yesterday
that my Canadian student visa got rejected
writing the contents of my lucid dream on paper...
not taking the time earlier to call my bank and figure out how to buy my leased truck.
asking a question that started a bar fight
starting a prank war a month ago with my BF.
from removing my Menstural cup in front of my boyfriend
I think I fucked up by joining Reddit
looking at the Sun
video calling my boyfriend’s parents in the bath.
peeing on a wall in front of a cop.
researching about chemistry outside of school.
letting a whole bunch of bees into my home
My neighbor knows my adult hobby
letting a turkey race my two year old
relapsing on my ED
using political humor during a business meeting
being scammed by a Chinese "high-end gentleman's club"
making barber think I farted
LPT Don’t get too drunk while in your parents house
losing my only friend
accidently pouring milk before cereal
forgetting it was blackout Tuesday and getting multiple death threats and DOXXED.
numerous times which led to me having to run through a wetland of cornfields during a massive storm in the middle of the night
Today I Fucked Up by being ignorant about christianity in front of my super religious aunt
buying weed for me and my brother
Don't fall asleep with earphones. Got earbud stuck in my ear.
ruining a new fridge
never unplugging my vibrator
sending my current girlfriend cute selfies of me and my ex from three years ago
psychologically scarring my cat
jerking to my moms nudes
my sending my crush a sex toy
making a psyche patient think I have mental problems.
flipping out on an Albanian Trump supporter
exposing someone's hidden disability through harmless small talk
that my dumbass is deaf
watching anime while having a bath
Locked myself out of my in-laws’ home, slept in my car in the middle of winter
eating my nephews science experiment
TIFI I dropped my 3ds.
buying an amazon gift card that I can't use for what I needed
I’m spent 200 dollars on REDDIT
not fully reading a webpage before jumping on a shameful POS karma train that is steamrolling sub reddits right now, I will likely be accused of Doxxing and have my 5 year Reddit account banned.
confessing to my crush while she's engaged.
dreaming about cleaning a litter box and not realizing it was a dream
thinking I was home alone when I wasn’t
trying a menstrual cup for the first time and then reading posts on
Not Speaking German
eating zombie skittles
I fucked up by doing flash cards about nazi history at 2 am
this subreddit is shit
getting stuck in a bed frame
trapping myself in the bathroom
I accidentally poured lemonade in coke and my dad thinks I'm trying to poison him (I once made his coffee with gravy)
getting stuck outside my place of work
spilling the entire soup on carpet
flashing a teacher my hot pink underwear
getting blackout drunk and insulting my best mates and my family.
introducing my 3yo daughter to Santa...
having unprotected sex with someone who I thought was a virgin and was FAR from it
leaving a pie on my car roof and forgetting it
sending a half nude photo of myself kissing a random guy to my whole work group chat
being in a discord call during class while... sounds played through my speakers
laughing at my cousin and receiving tonsil stones in my face.
telling my boss I love my friends Greek semen
i puoped at school
shitting myself in front of my high school principal
shitting in my girlfriends car on a drive home
not closing the door on my dog
practising extremely poor cock hygiene for years...
locking myself OUT of my car (with the keys/credit card/phone/id inside)
looking for the remote
screwing around the ice
not using sunscreen correctly
not opening her Snapchat
accidentally assaulting a teacher
busting my lip with a vacuum cleaner
drinking trash milk
getting drunk and dialing to an ex
accidentally swearing in German class
leaving my number on a napkin at a celebrity's table.
picking up my bf’s cat poop with my bare hands
she was suppose to lose her virginity but i ruined it.
I asked a Man in the pub if he was my uber driver.
snooping through my bf’s drawers.
dropping my pen on the floor
chasing my dog, fighting a badger and getting the police involved.
opting out of sex ed class and draining my funds from writing erotic fanfiction
not making up a completely bullshit story and posting it here to farm karma
shooting my dad with a Nerf gun
Cussing at an Old Man and Stealing his bag of chips because my Dumb, Sleepy ass thought he took my bag
making a joke and getting kicked out of the interview for a good job
accidentally kinda harrassing the chinese food lady
watching anime with my younger brother
ImI'm trying to get 30 post karma
not turning on a light while making a sandwich
telling people I had a STD
overheating the Family Car on Christmas
signing up to a fake OnlyFans page
not knowing what a toaster oven is.
using my broken toilet
pouring ink at a girl and asking if I can clean it.
trying to be brave.
using the downstairs bathroom
stealing a school laptop (on accident) :-\
sex
not helping an old lady
when I shaved my balls and couldn't stop scratching them
buying not rotisserie chicken
trying to get some mini-erotica.
How I Broke Three (3) of My Limbs... Twice going on a bike ride and almost losing my leg
drinking my own Pee
accidentally using Pavlov's psychology, on myself
I broke my phone...again....
bruising my toe and possibly fracturing it
sending a long-winded rant to my boss.
not knowing the difference between wax paper and parchment paper.
sleeping with my wife's mom
not taking my son’s stomach ache seriously.
going in to the water when god was not on board with the plan
quitting weed
busting a pipe in the bathroom of my house
letting my friends make Facebook posts on my FB account
The time I fucked up was in the weirdest way, I'm extremely gay and a cluster fuck between very private and no fucks given
attempting home repairs the day before a big presentation at work
bleeding all over my sisters bed
taking my dog for a walk
not understanding how Microsoft Outlook works
sleeping through an interview
Vaseline is NOT Hair Gel.
slicing my clit open while shaving my vag for the first time since March
throwing my AP exam away
knocking at Mcdonalds at 1am
being late to school with my girlfriend and making everyone think she was pregnant
paying for the first date
Failed the Bar exam today
thinking that my bff is April fooling me when she told me that she's dating a mutual friend
using the same shampoo for as long as I can remember
telling a deaf couple 'fuck you' at the movie theater
Finishing NNN With a Bang and Subsequently Dislocating My Shoulder
forgetting to sleep and agreeing to mow the lawn
shouting COCK when I was 10 in the middle of a vey fancy party
telling my mom my penis is a rubber duck
with water
thinking I could win a giveaway by entering it about 323 times
proudly proclaiming that I'm good at following deadlines
forgetting about my balls
By not taking my husband’s heartburn seriously and causing him delayed medical attention and emergency surgery.
farting in an elevator
watching YouTube, despite having an important test in a week.
locking my tied up, autistic, four year old son in the closet.
using a blacked porn background on a conference call with the owner and his mother
crjctjctutciycut
I’m secretly dating my ONLY friends ex boyfriend
Flipkart
jokingly singing a song that sounds racist
Not Eating Before the Covid Vaccine and Traumatizing Everyone
flipping a toy spoon.
Applying for a Job at the Wrong Company :(
on a date
asking my boyfriend to slap me across the face
filing a complaint about my downstairs neighbor
having the best sex of my life and then bleeding on him
taking my phone out in front of teachers
accidentally showing my boss my boobs
having sex toy wipes delivered to my elderly ex-landlady's house.
i'm bored right now , lte's do something weird i'm dominant intersted ? kik @ MeRoxy20
taking LSD and almost killing myself
not just squishing a bug
Offering to Murder A Guinea Pig and Leaving it's Body to be Found by the Handy Man.
great balls of fire edition
leaving the hose on
forgetting to buy a sharpie.
standing up for school
getting drunk at my place of work and it for me fired
giving myself second degree nipple burns
throwing up on my crotch in a way that looked like I peed myself during a 6h university trip
forgetting about my chocolate almond milk and having sex
I meant to say “My Lovely Darling” but it came out as “My Larding” and now I hope I’m still married.
wearing a new robe to bed
putting the word ‘führer’ in my German exam
sparing a spider
missing my Final Exam in my favorite class
for edating someone I first encountered in a minecraft server
thinking I had athlete’s foot for 5 months.
killing the mood with my GF
I sharted!
eating WAY too much chili and sh*tting on my great grandmothers death bed
saying that i have 21 fingers.
messing around with a candle
nearly getting fired for making a whole lot of minor mistakes doing a job that you'd think would be pretty easy.
trusting a girl I met online
messaging a girl online
By accidentally calling my sister fat
jumping out of a moving bus, and almost breaking some bones.
getting to drunk on the job
changing my hair color to jet black and getting a shorter haircut. Now i look like Severus Snape. Shit.
pretending to be stupid to my wife's 5yo nephew
having a conversation overheard by a crazy person, resulting in me losing the best paying job I've ever had
i'm bored right now , lte's do something weird i'm dominant intersted ? kik @ msmarry00
not cancelling (unused) self-help subscriptions creating more stress for myself
Today I fucked up by taking a pregnancy test
telling the girl I liked she should make an OnlyFans
Over ordered chocolate
texting my sister about the surprise plans for her 40th birthday.
attending my work party..
spending way more than the 800$ porn money guy. Way more.
unmuting in a teams call
My Dad found my pocket bussy - embarrassed
Buy Google Reviews
having phone sex while my grandma is sick
Im stupid
My teacher helped me take a shower
reseting my pc and losing 1 TB of files, games, schoolwork and pictures
Posted byu/throwbagaway just now  impregnating my testicles with shower oil that I can't remove which probably is damaging my skin
TIFUpdate: I’m going to the ER.
sticking nipple suction cups to my head
calling my soon-to-be wife an Ogre
forgetting to check pockets before doing laundry
giving teenaged haunted house workers a full view
checking my wife's phone
quoting A Night at the Roxbury
speaking to the wrong guy at the wrong time
Today I have someone else's T.V. to a scammer :(
ringing in the wrong floor... And thinking is my mom
i accidantelly went to another cuntreymade a lot of extra work for myself with voice commands
sitting on a lot of storage inside my gaming pc
finding my wife's anniversary gift to me - advice sought!
dropping my uncles phone into the lake.
washing my clothes
for getting caught sexting with my boyfriend by my mom.
going for a shit
accidentally committing credit card fraud.
laughing in my professor face
telling a lady her dad was dead
not killing a roach
By failing to pre-screen a horror movie
not going to the dentist for 5+ years.
giving myself nightmares about water
taking my girlfriend back to my house after getting the day off work.
I just joined a group video call with my math class while on the toilet.
cashing in a $50 note for some arcade tokens
forgetting wine is an alcoholic drink
asking a woman to marry me.
asking my girlfriends cousin sister out!
accidentally grabbing my aunt’s toe while at lunch
browsing /r/all on the toilet while my girlfriend was sleeping
not reading the Minecraft wiki properly
sending a screenshot to my significant other with the incognito mode icon in it.
taking a piss in the women’s restroom
not throwing out the damn condom right away
insulting my English teacher’s story
being too slow to understand a &lt;3
forgetting the word “plant” has multiple meanings
not slamming the door in a old chicago home
Accidentally trespassing onto the track at Indianapolis Motor Speedway
thinking my girlfriend felt sick just because she was on her period.
sending someone a screenshot
Eating a dreadful food
By thinking i found a torn off pair of lace panties in my bed, accidentally breaking my new 65 " tv and find finding out bra masks where actually a thing!
getting hammered
making my cat abandon her babies
sending my dad a copypasta.
being a smart-aleck to my teacher
recommending Shel Silverstein books as a Christmas present to my family for my daughter.
i read my dad's text but didn't respond
convincing a parent that the best thing to do with the parasitic tick on their child's body was to leave it alone and not talk about it
for FINALLY realizing I need XL condoms
joking about my bosses dead friend
expressing my honest opinion about half of my families’ beliefs and expressing my frustration over their conversion attempts
I procrastinated way more then I should of
not knowing when to come out as Trans
Accidentally Goating My Own Mother
showing a couple ladies the GOAT
projectile vomiting on my girlfriends bed...
buying a MacBook to be productive
petting my dog while he was eating
trying to pick a pretty name for my mom's art gallery
drinking from my "Snot-bottle" instead of my lemonade
unknowingly hurting my boyfriends feelings
Drinking Too Much and Ruining Father's Day.
making a edgy joke about our Jewish teacher
climbing an oak tree next to our camp on a backpacking tripm
sending an anime girl's picture while asking for my grades from my school's facebook messenger.
trusting my alarm app
making my son’s daycare teachers think I’m planning to murder him
cancelling all bills and moving out without telling the landlord.
ripping my GF's tounge
because of that stupid American woman and her HOT TEA video....
not eating my serving of chicken at dinner quick enough.
cooking a poisonous plant and getting my friend and myself sick.
thinking that I could flush a carrot down my toilet because someone on YouTube did.
protesting construction near my home as a child.
trying to get into the wrong car on my college campus.
Shitting in the Teacher Bathrooms (kinda gross)
telling my boss that I'm a squirter
not using my laptop's graphics card
pressing on the "emergency button" as a cashier
Hindi Horror Stories | Stories in Hindi | Kahaniya | Moral Stories
when I realized the company I work for is religious
posting my work online. :(
Restored my old iPod, not realizing that it would delete everything.
Swimming in a Florida Spring. when I close my eyes, I can still hear the screams....
unintentionally breaking the microwave thus resulting to a new rule on the office, possibly a memo from the HR and a cut from my salary
sending my plumber a photo of my wife giving me a blowjob
Trusting Google Maps
speaking too much and not letting my partner participate
Making boom boom in the vroom vroom
not knowing I could minimise comments and comment threads
Photo shoot nightmare.
forgetting to mute myself during zoom class
not doing my AP test
being thrifty and curious
looking like a creep on Chatroulette.
I tried to peel an orange while drunk
telling our friend what my boyfriend was really doing after leaving said friend’s birthday party.
sleep walking and getting back into the wrong bed
not going in for the opening shift that my coworker asked me to take the night previous.
I vacuumed my face and now I have ‘hickeys’.
epilating my labia
hearing my friends
why did the chicken cross the road?
not paying attention while I was brushing my teeth
calling my husband because I thought someone broke into our new house but it was just our cats
Telling My Best Dad Joke
making my friend think I killed my self
recommending my trusted appliance repair guy
picking my nose after cutting up a Carolina Reaper with my bare hands.
bringing chocolate home for my kids after a business trip to Germany
using shampoo on my dick
giving my wife a facial while looking directly into her 20yo daughter's eyes
when i made my bf’s cousin cry hard
taking a piss out of my ass and forgetting to mute myself on a professional development call.
Trying to get in somebody else´s house
getting an erection while making a coffee
panic buying overpriced beef
trying to go onto the dark web
not moving my car...
going to TV Tropes to check one thing
thinking that my cat was a girl but it was actually a boy.
being bad at dates and times
Would you want to be my friend?
messaging my boss instead of my bf.
sending my sister’s ex-boyfriend a picture of his girlfriend in a biquini
letting my SIL use my switch
letting my boyfriend fuck my nose
trying to steal from a medical marijuana farm
sharing feelings too soon
Puked while giving BJ NSFW
blowing chunks on public transport
hanging up on 911 at work
flying around the world to see my girlfriend just to have her break up with me because she said she fell out of love because of the distance.
ScammedScammed
and clogged my girlfriend's bathroom toilet with my massive poop payload.
I ripped part of my finger nail in my middle finger.
letting a kitten claw my dick while attempting to be intimate.
getting the kids some deep fried Oreos
delivering all of my mail straight to the dumpster
texting on my laptop that has no #s saved
browsing weed grinders on our shared Amazon account
inadvertently helping my daughter make my son crap his pants
Getting Empanadas
going to the ER high as a kite, thinking my vape pen was killing me
Discord Raid
F) by letting my cat in the bathroom
sending a complaint to the wrong company
staying up until 5:00 am! :D
showing all my friends my naked wife
CAN YOU SPEAK UP SONNY? I NEED TO TURN ON MY HEARING AID TO HEAR BETTER
making a throwaway snap account
being thinking I'm 10 years younger than I am
lying to my gf's mother
forgeting that there would be people coming in my house for watter contol...
not telling my barber
uploading my husband’s snore to spotify and letting a third of a million people hear him snoring
deciding to sanitize my testicles right before the lead inspectors arrive
trying to be green
better yet my younger sister fucked up my entire middle school choir experience
having cheesecake before an intimate encounter
sending pics to my boss
My slong said “POP” very loudly
ARE WE STARING AT A RECESSION?
making a footfetish account
buying an electric scooter
not reading laxative directions.
clogging my tinder dates toilet
any future chances with the most dateable woman in my shit town
when i was pulled over by the police
resetting an awesome card to my own dumb ass voice
I shoved my 3ds stylus in my penis
in triggering a bank lock-down by mistake
Complimenting a Girl's Skirt
drinking the night before and having the beer shits.
trusting a fart after a weekend of anal
politely telling somebody to fuck off after they posted a pic of their deceased husband for support.
Today I Fucked Up By Bear Macing My 9 Months Pregnant Wife In The Face
asking a hospice if they were 'doing collections'...
assuming I knew my foot size.
legit living a Stepsister porn story
I scared the living daylights out of my boyfriend and our new baby hamster
getting stoned for the first time.
trying to share a little bit of my life with my mom and accidentally sharing alllll the complete filthy yaoi debauchery I'm into.
No. Just no.
connecting my phone to my dad's car bluetooth.
googling someone’s adult website username.
buying a second tablet I don't even use
letting my 3 year old niece hold the leash of their new "puppy."
being a disgusting person and not brushing my hair for a week.
letting my wife buy the bird seed
warning my good friend of her new best friend in saying that she has a hidden agenda.
by using all of my senses to figure out what something was
joing a furry porn server on discord.
getting my bike stolen (my fault)
having the absolute shittiest friend ever
Accidentally sedning hentai on a Discord server
putting new paper in the printer
writing Pee &amp; Ass to my RE lawyer.
trying to fuck a bar of soap
having sex with my stepbrother.
sliding my hand down my pants after cutting peppers
masturbating in my living room.
I had a bad day
weghtloss strategy
letting a girl think my soup was vegan
Celebrating Christmas in another country, offending the locals, and almost causing an international incident involving the police
forgetting my password while trying to buy a game
Welp, never being dumb around sticks again
throwing a virtual frisbee and destroying a lamp shade
Must read this book please. Very important for human life.
eating spicy food while only wearing underwear
leaving my puppy unsupervised and the police ended up getting called.
Goodness gracious, great balls of fire
having my phone in my pocket at work. asking my professor if he understood my porn
giving my son a full frontal
in a booger battle
mishearing my friend.
Died smoking weed. (Not for long)
abusing a stranger(girl)
using my earbuds in the bathroom
Help my little family please
grabbing the wrong noodles
dropping my grandparents PC
taking a small poop
Hit an oil patch at speed (40mph) in a tight corner with 2 other persons in the car, almost ended up hitting a wall.
playing a game on my phone and 'sexually assaulting' a college girl.
cutting a finger half off with the sword of Achilles
thinking I was hearing my mother dying
using a sword to kill a bug
not realizing I was in labor.
not keeping an eye on my kittens
Unknowingly Telling My Clients Wife His Mistress Was In Their Home
chugging Miralax thinking it was acne medication
By Streaming pornhub on Tv
Currently mid-FU... I have sharts and a meeting for a promotion
accidentally showing grade 7's Disney erotica
temporarily losing my hearing by with my own voice
actually in 1997 when I turned down a job and went to California.
trying a butt plug that’s way to big and now it hurts
investigating what my cat was listening to and ended up on the floor chasing mice
I got PSP instead of PS3
I had SEXY SEX!! (Gone sexual) 🙈
having a puppy
going the wrong way in a 5k
leaving googly eyes out
waiting too long and taking two years to get the courage to ask out my high school crush when we were both in college.
Viagra almost killed me!
trying to help my girlfriend out out a bad mental head space due to Covid-19
Do not leave on a transatlantic flight without your wallet
reading my junk mail
Winning Trivial Pursuit Live
posting video footage of a porch pirate on social media.
amputating my mom’s car’s passenger mirror
taking laxatives and accidentally shitting while having sex with my stepmom
sending my mother porn
Volunteering to Overpay for a car detail
trying to make a fucking cake.
pink socking my clothes in the washer but instead of a pink sock it was actually weed.
almost crushing my dog in the throes of passion.
calling out an entire subreddit of idiots
accidentally joining a chat group for gay men to meet
going to this link: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
Haha SEX sexy sex drugs sex porn sex cum sex sex sex XD SEXX sex
falling on my ass in front of people I respect + strangers
plagiarizing
fucking myself in the ass
TIFUpate - yesterday I forgot to check the guard, today I followed the advice of redditors.
not checking my mic during a meeting
telling my dog I'll put her in the quiet room
Rollercoaster incident
being a cheap college kid and taking a free handout.
not giving my dog my a toy
being too nice to stand my ground
eating apples like a troll monster
The day I accidentally wore a German army uniform... To the Ann Franks house.
wiping my nose.
an apple pie recipe
being a coomer
banging my friends ex girlfriend
talking my crush out f liking me
being born in 2002 in the North of England.
I've become the sheep we've all grown to dispise and I'm ashamed of myself.
taking too much acid, and telling an acquaintance I wanted to pound her in the butt.
My wife nearly died during the birth of my son three months ago. He was born very premature and he’s had some physical challenges. We took him on his first flight and he was really well behaved. What did I choose to watch? Finding Nemo. Very, very stupid choice.
giving birth to Satan’s child on an expressway in the bus
for not logging off the conference call
having an existential crisis and running a red light because of CAPITAL LETTERS.
not realizing how word doc saves work
accidentally texting my dad instead of my boyfriend
eating burgers wrong for 26yrs
sexualising a math question in front of a entire class.
TDIFU almost hittting a stranger with a stack of snow
letting my son air-dry
sending a friend a feel better box
going on a hookup site and ruining my college friendships
trying to clean my bellybutton
accidentally telling my whole school something that was supposed to be a secret.
making my Venmo name @SenatorMitchMcConnell and simply destroying my main email's inbox
forgetting to read the rules and got fined as a result
Today I fucked up by not reading the menu carefully at Gordon Ramsay’s steakhouse
texting a pornhub link to my large family's group chat.
binning a banana
Feeding my Muslim Family Pork
blow drying my butthole
DONT LEAVE YOUR HOME !!!
Crossing a Line... Maybe Two
Didn’t happen today but thought it was still funny
asking my fellow campers to masterbate together.
ruining my first long term relationship of 3 years
Getting High With My Family of Drug Addicts
**UPDATE**  asking my neighbor to come watch me masturbate. **UPDATE**
not realising the Nintendo Switch has a touch screen
telling my yoga instructor I could suck my own dick.... UPDATE!!!!
walking my son to school
watching a movie while my SO was on video chat.
helping a old man after he fell on a bike .
not knowing how to close down my own workplace.
forgetting what my family’s diamond ring looked like
trying a ‘shortcut’ on a hike
having a 150 lbs barbell almost crush my ribs
sending porn in Class chat, that teacher can see.
Today I Fucked Up by Biting a Fork finding my friends bf on Tinder
sticking the middle finger in front of a transparent door
potentially getting the corona virus
Playstation Home account made uncle assume I was gay
forgetting to take a test
screaming at my cousin’s face
tipping 1.5 litres of boiling water on my crotch
saving a bird
while kicking a burnt fire cracker.
making three little girls think I'm a pedophile
ruining a threesome
DS Cartridge is not Chocolate
trusting my girlfriend to wash her hands
but dialing 911
getting drunk before a concert
thinking I was better than fellow redditors
pouring scotch as if it's beer
fucking someone called up
putting my vibrator under my pillow instead of my bed
sneaking my shitty boxers out of a radiology clinic
snorting my nose piercing
making a decision on weather to befriend a suicidal friend again.
waiting until the last minute to complete an assignment for school
opening an email sent by my college professor
not having paitence
Locked in my parents closet with a creamy
trying to remember the name of a pornstar
basically telling a coworker that I dislike her when she asked if I was okay and wanted to talk
Becoming A Model
TUFU by picking up my bf’s cat poop with my bare hands
Sweat Stained Palms
CUMMING IN YOUR MOTHERS VAGINA
. Embarrassing Myself In Front Of 30 people by falling
ostracizing my crush from her friend group
breaking a screen (which screen will shock you)
TIF: By flushing the toilet
losing 300€
falling asleep on a plane before takeoff.
So I just fucked up and accidentally stabbed myself in the leg a min ago
wanting shorter bangs
acting like coward and a dog got separated from his family.
Parked my truck up overnight. Woke up slightly incapacitated.
spraying bug repellent on a cockroach in the bathroom tub.
falling for an incredibly obvious scam
swearing at a Catholic school first-grader who I didn’t know at a school event while sitting with my client.
waking up my girlfriend with my masturbation
taking a picture of a woman in revealing clothes
well, not me exactly but my sister.
lying for attention, causing my family thousands in medical bills, and fucking my body up for life
freaking out at bees
eating too fast and choking making everyone freak out.
eating in the dark
committing Christmas cardinal sin and almost starting a fire in my house.
leaving my number on a check for the bartender
missing the last train of the night
telling my boss I’m afraid of snakes and making my first REAL snake encounter far more traumatic than it needed to be.
sitting in a meeting with a pee-stained pant
mixing up my co-worker with a garbage bin
TIFI when I realized I had been working for a religious legal company for the past year
deciding to use my computer
cheating myself out of a $5 gift card
encouraging sobriety in a heroin subreddit
matching with my boyfriend’s BROTHER on Tinder!
realizing I'd been playing games with mono audio for the past 8 months
letting Siri be enabled on my Apple Watch
Not an aphrodisiac
I sent a shit pic to all my friends on Snapchat accidentally
having sex against my moving car
Get $200 Amazon Gift Card free.
trying to cure Vertigo and Constipation with Lucky Charms
pretending my dogs were still alive
branding myself with molten fluff
accidentally bumping heads with my girlfriend.
I forgot my password to the note that has all my passwords
trying to be funny in a work groupchat
sneaking into my girlfriends house during the day, almost getting caught, breaking a condom and getting my dick crushed
accidentally told my young cousin about Ashley Madison
NSFW I set up a 3sum for my husband and I, resulting in sex injury for myself.
going through my her phone . Worst mistake ever !
helping my bf's dad set up a new phone
Cutting my pregnant wife's hair.
Sending a WhatsApp audio while I was peeing to all my coworkers
giving road head in a brand new car
telling the lady in market with his husband love you
Woke up at midnight. Took pills. Now i wait.
playing my butt trumpet unwittingly in a girl's face
Lost my license...
saying Fortnite sucks in a Discord Call of Fanboys
nearly getting CPS called on my mom
I accidentally linked my instagram fetish account to my phone contacts
sending a girl flowers at work.
making my DnD character a total thot and embarrassing myself at a new job.
following the white rabbit (literally and metaphorically)
Getting My Family Hooked on Reddit
almost flashing my gym.
choosing to analyze Good Omens for English class
having phone sex by mistake
immediately handling food after putting lotion on my hands
tryouts for high school sports
inviting my husband for sex Infront publicly
an online investigation on a supposed animal abuser account
looking up song lyrics on bing.
farting before going to the restroom
and accidentally stole $3,200 from my little brother
Not Locking The Door And Getting Caught By My Father While Masturbating
playing porn on my home network
masturbating incorrectly and snapping my banjo string
not waiting long enough to change a diaper
not getting a girl’s number
releasing the water falls from my pants on myself
trying to cut my hair during quarantine and letting some fall into the sink.
realizing I blocked everyone from posting birthday messages on my wall after an especially lonely year in my life
forgetting to brush my teeth
Today I fucked up by finding out after months and months that people have been talking about 5g masts not 5g masks.
asking my 100% deaf born girlfriend of 2 years if she'd ever played BopIt.
making Alexa call my overweight cousin a fat bitch
running down stairs
taking a blood test instead of a breathalyzer
drinking a energy drink with a mouse in it!
petting a detection dog with a joint in my pocket
brushing my teeth in the bathtub
walking in on my mom getting railed
giving money to a con-man I met on Tinder
attempting to wake my wife with a bare-ass fart and accidentally shitting a little on her forehead and in her hair.
walking home 2 miles from the gas station not realizing I left my bike there.
explaining a muslim kid how kids are really made
eating “applesauce”.
purchasing a watch
accidentally associating my engagement to Lollipop by Lil' Wayne
lying to children
getting accidentally getting higher than giraffe pussy while making edibles.
using a trash can as a commode
broke a mercury thermometer and had a nervous collapse
RAM-ing my boyfriend during a silly game
not locking my doors immediately after parking
pranking my Grandma
Accidentally told my friend to hang himself
What does mean?
sending my suicidal friend a song.
I was fired from my job
Walking My Dog
ripping apart my stimulus check.
published on behalf of my Yorkie)
agreeing to wrestle an overweight autistic kid
making my boyfriend sleep on an old air mattress while I slept on 2 mattresses for like a year
Underestimating my headache
putting an ex friends number on a porn site
I am now a chain smoker
doing XOs and causing my period
walking into Tenet midway through.
doing a slight shimmy before putting a condom on
whispering sweet nothings into my wife’s ears
setting my coffee on my laptop
because I couldn't clean my butt
tear gassing my family and turning my house into an ogre swamp
wiping my ass with my university assignment.
calling my sister
Reviewing My Diarrhea
paying off my credit card
flipping off an employee at the mall.
not muting my MS Teams app while on a virtual training
In mariachi class
I lied to my crush and now she maybe hates me
de-shelling an egg
breaking the school bully phone and nose.
being shirtless around my mom
spending hundreds of dollars on new stereo equipment
saving my vacation
listening to "rape me" in class
throwing shoes in a tree.
playing Pokemon go for my mom
opening my eyes when I wasn't supposed to
pouring Pepsi in the toilet
Today I fucked up.
burping in my fiancé's face
when I tried to kill a spider
not drinking coffee
not looking at a Snap somone sent me properly
visiting my demented grandmother.
opening Edge
bowling my glass pipe in apartment
scratching my stomach
That one memory i will never forget
paying a vet $669.30 to tell me my dog needs to take a shit.
trying to walk while my leg was numb
wearing sunglasses for a job interview.
yelling excitedly at a co-worker.
knocking out an old lady
I Hit my Teacher.
saying a sexual term in front of a teacher and he just gave me that look ಠ_ʖಠ
having sex with a someone 3 years ago
walking around an airport with a condom, and showing my mom
kissing my best friend
accidentally poisoning my sister
joking that a friends dad was a “Pediatric Gynecologist” in front of my grandmother.
calling my student a vulva.
having my dad showing my family my own sex tape.
hooking up with someone I met at a club
asking a stripper to come to my parents house
accidentally sending my teacher something I shouldn't have.
bringing a camera into a restaurant in South Dakota
turning on a random feature and hacking my neighbor's internet
asking a buddy how he cleans his ass.
Xbox Edition.
being an completely asshole with the girl I had an crush on
cause my girlfriend caught me having sex with a stuffed animal
accidentally grabbing my coworker's boob.
realizing I’ve been closing my mouth wrong for 25 years
Telling My Father About My First Crush
using aloe vera instead of sunscreen
taking a shit in a freshly cleaned porta-john and having the blue water hit my balls
crying
lighting a firework that malfunctioned
actually thinking that a company would hire me because of a meaningless verbal promise almost 7 years before.
receiving a prepaid pizza delivery that wasn't for me.
I drank a lot of coffee before a first date and had to shit at her apartment
drinking from my girlfriend's reusable metal straw which hasn't been used for weeks
giving my neice permission to beat the hell outta me
trying to clean a shower in my building before using it
making my friend think he is going to die
forgetting my mic is open in my online lecture and insulting the professor
having sex with ...
making my fiancé think I had died from bad gas.
accidently letting a guy think I was hooking up with somebody else
I walking to get to work quicker
making a bad joke on valentine's day
going on a walk at 4 AM.
turning my desk into a bawl scented antfarm
Bled all over my boyfriend on my “first time”
walking in on 2 friends of mine
Porn store mishap proudly revealing my stuff to my childhood friends
telling my boyfriend(27) he’s adopted.
farting on my husband after vutt sex
when realizing my dog’s anal glands were possessed
believing to have a plane ticket
blindly going through a box.
showing my manager my work tracker
sending pictures of me topleas
eating an entire box of haagen-dazs ice cream
browsing Reddit during classes
bathing my dog neked
lending my two t-shirts to two hour women
Entered space in a wrong location
being half awake and spitting on my pillow, which I was about to do in my dream.
having the sexy sex (warning: sex)
listening to a delightful podcast.
Left my phone unnattended and my sister found out my dark secret
unleashing penis-water onto my lips
Today my girlfriend locked me up outside, and to be honest was probably my fault. Maybe is a good story for "O homem que mordeu o Cao"
helping my boyfriend to make an excel graph for his uni assignment.
pulling my sleeve up to get my flu shot.
asking to go home halfway through my shift resulting me leaving permanently
hitting the start video button instead of the mute button.
getting a $5 haircut
having a great day with my family
stayed at a red roof inn with a dude who set off 100 alarm bells
annoying the wrong person
Not Wiping My Ass Properly
leaving out a ham
going up in Mario Party
while buying gym shoes
Getting My Brother Kicked Out Because of HunterxHunter
answering the door wearing a black and bright red leather slave collar with chrome D-rings (NSFW)
Conservativediscord
starting a fart battle while still battling giardiasis
accepting cigarettes from someone I didn’t really know that well.
ruining my boyfriends new gaming PC
For sending a picture of my new apartment to my family group (NSFW)
thinking my tongue was beef jerky
accidentally getting febreeze in my eyes while trying to kill an earwig
remembering porn and sending it to my classmate
Lost SIM card to iPhone
destroying my grandparents Xmas tree
teaching my daughter to talk
flooding a school toilet and getting everybody a 2 day "holiday"
spending the Fourth of July with my family and being attacked by sparklers
doing some self care
eating the wrong foods.
I’m a l0licon not a P3d0phile
confessing to my friends that I'm the one that let the dogs out.
trying to put on deodorant.
I once loudly blurted out "MMMMEEEERRRRRYYY CHRISTMAS!" when the judge in charge of my court case told me my sentencing date was December 23rd.and feel like an idiot
Tried to help out a friend as a wingmang, told my gf about it. Now she is not talking to me.
getting involved in a domestic dispute
admitting that i had showered with girlfriend to her mom, turns out she knew already
offering my penis for lunch at my gf’s
forgetting the name of the garbage disposal.
telling my boyfriend’s friends I swallow
Told my crush I’ve got a crush on someone.
opening my porn Reddit account in front of my mom.
eating a Caesar salad and going for a run
inadvertently starting legal proceedings against my friend
shaving EVERYTHING
peeing before a tox screen...
breaking up with my GF with the worst reasoning imaginable.
not cleaning a lunch box container for over a week
almost get my boss killed by a cow and some barbwire
awakening my girlfriend who now tells me i am unconsciously buying shit i dont need and that i am an unconscious spender.
reliving my entire life in 30 minutes while unpacking today
sharing a porn link during my online class
leaving my reddit account logged in on the work computer, allowing my smarter and more handsome colleague to post whatever he wants
M20 - Ruined my naturally shaped eyebrows using castor oil and now I have no idea how to sort them out
almost crushing a kid in a stroller
when I found my moms purple dildo in her room....
shoving my hand through a window
posting a pic of my dick in my WhatsApp status.
letting my dog into our backyard
giving a friend some encouragement
exaggerating when opening up to my friend, which led to me hurting her
accidentally implicating myself at work.
showing a breast to one of the librarian (M60)
My Honeymoon Bed
Waving Panties at My Brother's Girlfriend
asking GovSchwarzenegger for a job.
for not muting myself
making a man-gina when my girlfriend's mom caught us having sex
holding my cat
taking my 2 year old sister to church
traumatizing my children with graphic images of war
TWFU - The Life Insurance incident
Going to the Doctor for a Torn Hip
sneaking through luggages thus ending a marriage
leaving my mic open during a videoconference, sorry to anyone who head me eat, and duck you for not telling me.
calling my boss fat :/ :(
cleaning my clothes with fabric softener for a whole year
accidentaly showing my collections of anime girl photos to my weeb friends
I've become a sheep that we've all grown to dispise and I'm ashamed of myself.
playing a joke on my crush
spitting Santa cookie all over my sister kissing an old man
Today I found out someone bought the website domain conspiracytheory.com and made it redirect to the Warner Bros website
using lacquer thinner to clean my new monitor that cost $1300
flashing my cock and balls on the train
writing "Free Hong Kong" with campfire charcoal on a rock at a National Park in New Mexico and now I might be guilty of a petty misdemeanour.
9 years married, not sexually attracted to my husband. I had an affair
TIDU by playing Among Us in the car
not adjusting my cricket helmet grille and subsequently getting my face mashed in
calling my neighbor a mailman
Help me!
Check before you send
slapping my sister on her zoom meeting
and my son is mad at me. TLDR at end.
joining my class zoom call with the name “Hitler 2.0”
Classic High Five mistake
driving my son away by trying to force religion on him, ending with me having no contact at all.
and found out Reddit admin spez is a ballroom dancer that supported the Armenian genocide, and the other admin Alexis was cought having dating profiles on a black dating site.
My alarm didn’t make sound even though the screen was lighting up. I think I’m about to lose me job.
trying to sing opera while planking in my hallway.
today i set my garbage on fire
leaving my toothbrush next to my bed
I disassembled someone's personal musical instrument at school
waking up my parents
spoiling my best friends birthday party
attempting to make amends with my exes
trying to flip money
losing karma on reddit for the first time
flirting with a scammer
took emergen-c from my boyfriend
confessing to my crush
sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex
decapitating my son’s favorite stuffed cat.
Drunkenly confessing a crush
shutting my broken bathroom door
Killing The Mood
slathering my girlfriend in lubricant and ruining the moment
I used my face wash as a pimple cream
not checking where I was screwing.
asking a co worker about the schedule
getting turned on for the first time before a funeral.
running it dry on the interstate.
getting a serious concussion from sex
masturbating in my underwear and putting it for wash in the washing machine
not realizing I was deaf
Too clingy?
eating a whole pound of boneless wings.
binge drinking half a bottle of Whiskey
edating someone I apparently had a encounter with before
taking my umbrella with me on a walk.
forgetting the word "not" in a rather important sentence.
accidentally killing my friend
flavoring my beer with day-old mucus.
welcoming my wife home and wearing a smartwatch to work.
Everyday for born in Venezuela
texting my wife a futa porn title
not checking my jetski before heading out
cutting my girlfriends hair.
S
changing my “popular” news feed on reddit to show only Finnish news, mostly in the Finnish language - hint, I’m not Finnish
eating a gummy lifesaver on spoiled Jell-O.
ordering and mistakingly sending three boxes of wine to a drugs and alcohol rehab clinic.
Listened the my GF
I became the person I loathe
abusing a girl driving in the wrong direction
watching South Park before my doctor's appointment
using a god forsaken Q-tip
signing up for something i didn't even want...
trash talking a tourist and getting sent home from camp.
telling my boss that I would like to inquire to a vacancy in another office
taking the bait
Nearly got arrested and jailed for Anti Terror crimes
shaving my pubic hair and ruining my life
not realizing that people who have access to your amazon account can see what you put in your shopping cart
telling my mom I had a midterm.
coming back home at night without telling my mom and hearing her get railed by a stranger
accidentally unmuting my online class
sending sex toys to my uncle
buying lettuce
letting 60 child crickets escape and populate my room
masturbating in the bathtub
losing my wallet on my birthday
amputating my mom’s car’s passenger mirror.
drawing on my teachers' screen
drinking apple juice
wearing headphones every day for hours at a time causing a deformation on my head
joking around in a phonecall at 1am
spilling water on my brand new $3k computer
shitting myself
my brother irritating me because of my dirty feet
going camping impromptu with my girlfriend and nearly getting murdered
getting numbed at the dentist
refueling a diesel truck with petrol
asking my coworker about an instagram post while the page was loading ...
being afraid of the dentist.
making poor dietary selections before and during a first date...
getting a scam job
proclaiming loudly I was going to take a shit
The day of my 42nd birthday in 2020 sucked. Should’ve known !!
assuming my cousins were familiar with Reddit
breaking any trust my GF had towards me.
fapping in the shower
sending a link to the wrong person.
deleting nearly over 850gb of games from my PlayStation.
shouting 'Give me pussy' in front of the whole class.
teaching my dad how to play video games.
sending my Muslim friend a meme about Muslim’s being terrorists
performing a Penis Ritual
having sex in a classroom
accused man of cat theft
blasting a massive load on my step-daughter's panties during sexy time.
helping a random kid piss in the park, making him cry and looking like a complete pedo
changing regions on my phone and losing all my music
fucking my brother while in quarantine and how he's looking for more
having sexy times with an American man
I made my dog can't walk anymore
trying to save my choking friend
killing a mouse
eating a portion of a sandwich that wasn't for me
napping nude.
sending my gf a sexy pic on Christmas
accidentally sleeping while holding my guitar
When I accidentally sent a link to rule34 porn to my crush.
telling my little brother to lock the door
trying to text smart in front of a girl but ended up coming off as an asshole (help)
drinking turpentine and being rushed to the hospital amid a global pandemic
spending the last $400 on a pc.
thinking my girlfriend was dead
sharing a meme with my boyfriend.
Installing a minecraft mod which actually was a trojan virus
trying to help a blind person outBy stumbling across r/Cornedbeefapproved
almost turning downtown into a hellscape of fire and ash
Getting Arrested in Homeland Security Drug Sting.
unloading the groceries
yanking a string like Scorpion retracting his limp opponents
Absentmindedly Flashing my Conservative/Christian Family.
Oops pray for me
having white feet
Got stuck jumping over a fence while trespassing at a factory.
misjudging the car's height
almost setting my kitchen on fire with Nutella
shouting: What a shit company at work
telling my date's father my "intentions with his daughter"
nearly killing someone while playing around in 2nd grade
accidentally coming off as a racist in a coffee shop
when my conservative dad saw my saved labia posts on reddit
joking about a strip club on my church friends Facebook
practicing genital hygiene on a first date
10 HOURS OF CCL MUSIC
letting my fatass instincts kick in
thinking wasabi was candy
maliciously suggesting ways you can get Strep (NSFW)
I made a horrible joke, and it ended horribly.
Having to Self Eject from a Church Service
taking acid on veterans day
Walked outside barefoot
I'm the kid that DID make his parents get a divorce
shittalking my manager's "good news"
Left my keys at an off-limits zone after getting kicked out by security, plus I have social anxiety &amp; don’t wanna go back there
changing my lifestyle.
Potentially Ruining my Entire Career
showing my 9yr old cousin her first dick
By 'modifying' a PDA at work and busting myself.
trying to make instant ramen without using water.
messing with something I shouldn’t have (TL;DR at the end)
leaving my phone on the trunk of my brothers car
accidentally showing my students my dick
By not doing what the doctor told me to
"catching" my boyfriend cheating
giving my two year old “Coffee”
playing porn out loud at friends grandmas house.
playing drinking games after fasting
Today I fucked up by using this website and thinking it wasnt filled with self righteous mods
shooting a needle into my eye
leaving the hair remover on my nuts for too long
moving across the country
letting a door open
day trading for fun and then losing everything in my bank account including my next semester fee...
I lend my roommate my SD card with my nudes and photos of nude man in it
openly leaving porn on my phone’s camera roll.
sending a nude pic to my girlfriend
showing my FIL my left boob
Sent a cat meme with my big school project
Mistakes of youth - first job
losing a thumbdrive
Don't mess with bb guns
spending Steam points on something free
accidentally syncing all my photos as a screensaver on my parents TV
talking about that “it’s always sunny” episode where charlie fakes cancer in front of a kid in remission
Today I fucked up by telling my MIL her mum was going to be ok, when she was dead.
giving a tiktoker my phone number
getting mentally raped by Ben Shapiro
forgetting to get the personal info.
looking at a woman's new boob job
Well not really
trying to work quickly and broke my sewing machine.
stabbing myself in the finger
confusing the guy I liked with his twin brother
not thinking my mom would look in my bag
making reddit think im a pedophile
pooping at a house showing...
ruining my past, present and future love life
at Disney for falling asleep and getting security involved
misplacing my Adderall agreeing to submit an art portfolio for people way more talented than me.
completely misunderstanding my school project
opening porn next to my mom
being too thicc for my shower - Mildly NSFW
breaking an office item and not letting anyone know about it
dressing like an adult
accidentally labeling my scrotum
By approaching a movie star in NYC
Tidy by forgetting our anniversary
drinking a bottle of coconut fat thinking it was coconut water.
trying to use up the crumbs from some peppermint bark
being obese.
How to ruin a nice day in the garden.
thinking I broke my computer (I didn't)
forcing somone with a disability to shake my hand despite being unable to shake hands and became Scomo.
turning down an invitation in a drink
feeding can'abis edibles to my friend
showing my class of new-to-country immigrants pictures of "hot latina woman"
seeing Bruno for the first time instead of Up for the second
replying to a post on a public forum.
spoiling my weed
having sex with monkies
Accidentally spicing up sexy time with wife
leaving my phone at work after a bad day at work for my manager
using the woman's toilets in a Pizza hut and sounding like a Pedo
basicslly not giving someone what I promised I would give
letting my toddler explore old boxes in the basement
I just keep doing this type of thing...
spilling my guts to my crush and trying to take the lead of the relationship
returning from the hotel bathroom and heading back to bed through the wrong door
trying to borrow an old phone
laughing at an ATV that i thought was carrying watermelons and flipped upside down, not knowing they werent watermelons and that there was a dead lady underneath.
not labeling my bag at work
spraying water on a beehive
Uncovering my Brothers Spider-man Fetish
So how does Diabetes Freedom work? Reilly says it protects people from becoming type 2 diabetics by eliminating known risks. It uses the Phyto Hack Method. This method mainly works to cut down fat in the body and reduce fat deposits.
not answering a random call and maybe ruining a relationship
accidentally leaving a puddle of jizz in my Lyft.
last night/ongoing - Went to dinner, got drunk(?) Posted a pic on Reddit and had a go at the guy I love
reading a redditor's comment aloud and ruining a delicious home cooked meal
not being able to bowl properly
accidentally blasting my gf in the face with my elbow
the knife is gone (threw it in the bushes), but the two cuts in my arm remain from my trouble following my own advice.... depressed and not wanting to go there won’t free my mind from what’s caused everything bad in my life...
purchasing a white elephant gift
rubbing Aunt Jemima syrup on my face
i offended a bird
sneezing
accidentally deleting half my computer
saying my niece looked like she was in a coffin
dropping my phone and shattering the back glass
I told a ex of mine I care about her
tieing both hands behind my back while home alone.
By giving a couple an apartment tour with a dead rat in it
almost selling an apartment to a couple that had a putrid smell inside
Accidentally sent my (17m) girlfriend’s sister (17f) a step brother and sis pornhub link just now :(
Outed my own Reddit porn account to a local community member
smoking my mates weed
falling asleep while masturbating in the living room
think Bo Burnham has come for my soul
trying to fix my hard drive and quite possibly losing everything I had on it
having sex in the car and being caught by cops
breaking my arm after smacking husband's butt
accidentally aborting a chicken
essentially losing an entire year of my life.
technically not today but Saturday) Was hosting my wife’s birthday party and got into a drunk fight with my cousin and got a level 2 ankle sprain now I have to take a week off work and wear a sports brace just to walk around my house.
For not planning the most stupid idea ever
skinny dipping in the dark
eating everything bagels for breakfast for about a month.
getting arrested for bestiality
lying about my age on PayPal and never getting my money or PS4 back
thinking I was home alone
having my browsing history sold to companies like netflix and youtube
yelling out “YABBA DABBA DOO” at the bar.
getting poop everywhere
ranting about my boss to my fiancée.
almost destroying my house
drinking water from a bottle mixed with melted plastic
assuming that a trip across town was going to be driven in a car
forgetting my SO birthday
accidentally skipping my new friend on chatroulette NSFW
I cheated on my gf drunk
punching my cousin while I was playing vr
forgetting to change hands
cussing in front of my teacher and her 8 year old daughter.
Happy 3rd of July!
So Today I fucked up by giving my tongue a chemical burn...
making someone do a 70 page portfolio overnight.
earning a degree but forgetting to apply to graduate
extending the truth
diagnosing myself with brugada syndrom
letting my five year old watch the second Maze Runner movie
Sent wrong email to my Teacher.
going through the McDonald’s drive thru
telling everyone i would be moving out
almost killing my gf
forgetting I actually had to do my job
I made a “banging your mom” joke in a voice chat filled with mostly women
trying to play Cyberpunk 2077 on a Pentium Laptop.
downplaying the COVID-19 panic
sharting while communicating to my cat through my butthole.
taking a telephone interview for the wrong role.
not going to take a test
breaking successful breaking my friend out of jail.... for a minute.
Want to go viral on youtube?
crashing my own Job interview
showing my teachers I smoke weed.
Forgot license
thinking a friend's toy was mine and convincing his father about it
sucking my boyfriend dick (i am gay)
Giving Away My Account Details And Getting Banned...
giving my dog a tasty treat (potentially NSFL)
forgetting where my high beams were
By attempting to be a thrifty Macgyver.
not taking out the garbage
I feel horrible and gross for leaking blood on a chair at work
murdering two snapping turtles
cursing my female classmate on Facebook.
getting my parents an electronic picture frame
almost burning down a hotel in Canada
Let me share how my mom caught me watching porn for a very stupid reason.
making stuffed jalapenos for dinner.
trying to share some food
hiding a vibrator in my closet
Picking My Nose While Driving
telling my contact at City Council that I loved her
falling asleep on the bus
I made a “banging your mom” joke in a voice chat mostly filled with women
playing a YouTube video that ended everything between my best friend and his fiancé.
Asking Siri to Get Me a Coffee
impregnating my testicles with shower oil that I can't remove which probably is damaging my skin
almost sending a picture of the girl i really like from my class to the girl I really liked on my class
did really well in the solo cash cup yesterday. He’s getting really good at Fortnite. Just goes to show how much support he has with all of these people signed up to his sub reddit
getting distracted a little and burning my lil one finger
not closing the curtains to my window.
eating the one thing I hated most on earth for 4 months straight without realizing.
taking too many stool softeners before going to bed.
I made a big oppsie in my work place.
Podcast
running into a random guy at the park
writing a song about a longtime crush
fighting 3 dudes at once
My balls was hot
getting myself accidentally placed into a painting nude
sending my uncle a video with my vibrator in the background.
buying Halloween decorations
giving my boyfriend Captain Morgan spiced rum and eggnog
looking for something I shouldn’t have...
being a dumbass during an exam
accidentally buying two pokemon boxes instead of one and breaking my paypal account
giving my dad the finger
eating waaaay to many chicken neggets
doing acid with a first date.
putting paprika in my asshole
leaving my two brothers home by themselves...
calling the Domino’s delivery driver “mom”.
almost going to jail because my friend did a prank call
feeding my dog chili cheese fries
not taking my vitamins with my meds
falling while holding my cat.
I don't feel well so I'm ditching work without telling anyone
Chewd to many chewing gums
exposing how many popular subreddits are ran by the same mods. Such as, Gallowboob and AwkwardtheTurtle. Many of whom will censor all who disagree and now I am banned from 50+ subs
trying to impress girls at a party.
paying $300 for a girl company
assuming that I was connecting to a database
Crying like a bitch in my cousins (20m)
quarantine cooking
loving a spider
going on omegle and showing my ass to strangers
throwing away my passport, social security card and w2 forms.
turning down the girl that I fell in love with.
using the lotion at my hairdressers station.
accidentally making my coworker have a gluten reaction
introducing my mom to my intrest.
appearing to be tugging on myself in a parking lot at night and sending a woman running screaming
telling a veterinary doctor not to shave my pubes
mistaking a woman my girlfriend met, to be a pornstar
posting on R/roastme
eating Chik Fil A
asking my girlfriend's dad sexual questions about his daughter and getting kicked out of his house
wearing a buttplug to sleep after drinking
buying a hot-plate for someone
swigging my drink!
getting a letter from my old school
using Nair on my testicles
flashing my girlfriend's extended family my underwear... twice
listing all my reasons why I don't want children to my colleagues
protecting my screen
eating cat food.
bringing condoms to work
telling my nephew in law good uncle and I were going to Disneyland
dipping my hands too far into the dye bucket
not taking my allergy pill
hiring movers
saying a YO MAMA joke to my crush
A sort of funny #offmychest? I'm really quarny.
GF FOUND MY STASH
taking a long shower
asking my Sister if she was still going to therapy
going to the beach, refusing an offer to apply sun block on my back, and not wearing a hat
trying to fix grandpa’s printer
i hate dentists i always need work
trying to make a post of
complimenting someone
Titfu
breaking the car window controls on my dad's car
posting a fake story on the subreddit r/
not asking out a girl
sounding like I farted.
thinking microwaves cant possibly be as strong as ovens
throwing up while doing a blowjob on my boyfriend
leaving my porn paused right after nutting and then turning on my PC (hours later) with a girl I brought back to the house only to have her immediately see the porn I was watching
sending my professor a reddit porn clip art
forgetting my 5 year old son was in the room and looked at a nude photo
trying to get my family to watch Community.
calling the Mayor Useless in front of his daughter
flashing my crush because of a spider
AND POSSIBLY HURT A CHILD! PLEASE HELP.
accidentally reciting Pulp Fiction to the Health Screener at my job
I fucked up a good relationship with porn addiction
telling my abusive mother where I'm going after I graduate
taking chocolate to bed part 2
Acronyms on Reddit
not announcing my presence when the housekeeper knocked on my hotel door.
potentially dooming a bunch of baby turtles.
calling my fiancé "f*cking ugly"
almost missing the birth of my child and causing my wife to freeze.
yelled nigger muffin in a room full of children
ruining my friends birthday for the rest of her life
ignoring the pain in my foot
realizing my parents knew about me and my brother’s relationship
blowing my engagement plans
opening google on my dads phone and seeing a tab I shouldn’t have seen
cleaning my dishes with a steel sponge
ordering two dildos
when I realized the T in this sub is pretty open to interpretation.
Praising the Dog for Her Fart
going on a date and bringing my friend along
snorting bong water
sleeping over at my new girlfriend‘s and shitting myself
Giving edibles to my wife without her knowledge
dipping my hand in hot sealing wax
on a Zoom meeting and got spoken to by HR
showing up at my crushes place at 1:00 AM.
not knowing how instagram works.
accidently showing my entire college zoom class my genitals
shooting snot in Verizon
accidentally making my friend think I want to kill myself.
eating not one, but two whole Altoids before my shift at work
finally getting myself a puppy and nearly letting go of it within the same week
just trying to cleaning my car
watching an old movie with my dad not reading/seeing two small very important letters(ABCDEFG, those kinds of letters) in an email.
accidentally jerking off to my mom
not minding the background of my photo
missing out on losing my virginity
flinging a blow drier at our baby
feeding the dog table scraps
rudely hanging up on a brand new doctor who called me because I was sure it was a repeat telemarketer call.
showing nudes to a large class, mid seminar peeing on myself at work
I got send out because I'm to spry
using the company card to buy underwear at my brand new job
when my fiance asked me: "Why do i have to repeat everything 100 times?", I said: "Because you need to fulfill your destiny?" and now she wont speak to me, and she is cleaning our flat kind of mad.
leaving empty, stickerless soda bottles under my bed.
losing virginity with Trojan Fire and Ice condoms
missing my school bus and running there on foot instead
not believing my friend who claimed to be sdopted
setting my house on fire.
"overdosing" on THC
Should I study abroad or community college in NY
being horny and potentially ruining a relationship
using too much hand sanitiser
sending this to my boss
I disabled my Brother's iphone
not listening to my body and ending up in the hospital for 3 days
DIFU? Washed asthma inhaler container with soap, then used it, but think inhaled a little bit of soap. Tongue tastes like soap, what to do if inhaled a little bit of soap shot out of the asthma inhaler?
spending years isolating myself from my family and having no one to spend the holidays with.
caught smoking
breaking a kids nose
PLAYING ROCK PAPER SCISSORS
cause my girlfriend caught me having s*x with a stuffed an*mal
tweeting about my how my best friend's Girlfriend sucks and then she Read it.
making my grandma think I died while masturbating
thinking it was a good idea to shave my balls with a razor after coming home drunk.
not knowing what 'pike' meant
thinking I could teach myself how to skateboard
exploiting a music subscription free trial
TIFUpdate I apologized to my sister
grabbing chickie nuggies from the back of the freezer
thinking a homeless person was someone dressed as a ghostbuster for Halloween
because foil is metal, and metal in a microwave causes fire
telling my husband "that was the worst ever" immediately after having sex
lying to my mother
My first day in my new school.
misusing tweezers (VERY bad)
taking my dog to the groomers.. dog BIT his tail off when we got home
getting high before school.
getting myself depressed because someone didn't replay to me in Facebook.
exchanging instagram usernames
having a false awakening
spamming a subreddit
reading a reddit AMA and realising my dick has a problem
walking in on my friends Son masturbating.
fapping to Steve Carrell in front of my dad
not understanding how Zoom works
not locking my door
seeing the ghosts of WW1 Veterans.
taking the store's words at face value.
using a fire distinguisher
giving my wife pink eyes.
watching Robocop (1987) with my 7 yo son
flashing my boobs to Donald Trump supporters in a grocery store parking lot
when I realized why my Tinder match could not find me on Facebook
leaving some of my *ahem* larger sex toys at my family home
drinking alone to forget my problems
while seeing to myself
sending the wrong document to my boss
leaving my passport in the back pocket of my pants
searching up a the answer I wanted to know.
literally translating a German saying to a Date in England
cursing at an anti-masker in the pharmacy
locking myself out the apartment while my GF is out of country.
saying ‘you can’t slap my butt THAT hard’ to my boyfriend.
spilling an entire pot of white yogurt on my crotch and had to walk around with it for 4 hours
jerking off in front of my friend
accidentally breaking the reddit content policy
Playing with a Balloon that had Snow Spray in it
Accidentally Got Dad High
lighting spinach on fire.
explaining to my eldest what a waifu was.
spilling Gatorade on my dog
accindentally insulting a man in a motorized wheelchair
accidentally putting the cousin of one of the world’s hottest peppers into my pot of beans
giving money to a homeless man that might not have actually been homeless
breaking my brothers friends phone
taking revenge
when I learned Facebook tells you when you take a screenshot on video chat (nsfw)
urinating hard.
leaving my girlfriend to die
telling my former teachers WAY too much about my sex life
falling asleep and almost losing my cock after my first time having sex
trying to separate two hamburger patties with a knife, which resulted to stabbing my hand
opening my door when a drunk lady was knocking on my door
liking paraffin wax too much.
missing my chance with a girl who's moved to another country today
packing bleach in a cardboard box
telling my grandma I have 3 tattoos
not realizing the “scandalous student” in question, was me.
stiffing the waiter.
not remembering which jacket my (I don't know if I should say g.f as we have not confessed by saying I love you so let's say crush) crush wore when we first kissed and hugged
Lost my wedding ring
insisting I be seen by an Ear Nose Throat specialist
giving myself hickies when I was 9
shipping someone with their EX
ruining my relationship with my gf and her dad.
deafen myself
sexting my dad (m)
drinking the wrong water bottle
By Telling A Customer To "Stick It Somewhere"
saying hi
Shitting My Pants
letting some kids' dad think I'm a pedo
Tidu by kind of blowing out my oven
"winning" in bowling
accidentally spilling tea on my laptop
locking myself out of my parents' residence
It wasn't me...
your best and worst friend, alcohol.
asking my fiance to fake an excuse for me to get me out work early.
raking my neighbors lawn
jerking off too long
dousing my food with ridiculously hot hot sauce
playing some PSVR
cracking my window
not checking what was in the container
creeping a girl out for the second time (accidentally)
thoroughly cleaning out my car
What's the most courageous thing you've ever done?
confusing a Firefighter, and giving a widow false hope.
sucking my boyfriends dick..?
sleeping in tabasco
vaping thc
getting my ass torn appart by my bike for thinking I can go uphill
eating sushi at a fancy party
nananan
going full Randy Marsh regarding being too cold/warm
getting busted on my first night at campus
putting on eyeliner
almost poisoning myself.
letting my wife go on a “girls trip”
not eating enough vegetables
Sending a black humor meme to my cousinsLook at my love profile
forgetting to mute and then talking to myself
My left testicle hurts, help pls
pissing on a guy standing next to me at the urinal. accidentally airdropping a teacher an ‘inappropriate’ meme
paying for a meal in a drive-thru and driving off before getting my food
Lost my Reddit account’s password (not this one)
By filing my taxes
nearly killing my fiance.
Getting drunk and having my first kiss.
falling asleep and burning my nuts!
driving in a busy parking lot as a beginner driver
looking for my dog’s nail clippers
dropping the soap
eating spicy food and taking magnesium
letting my aunt use my phone
sitting on the toilet?
hooking up with a girl at my best friends house KINDA NSFW
I just ate an entire pint of chubby hubby without noticing. The family pint.
drinking Ginger Ale
Today I fucked up by ruining my laptop and my hopes due to my absent mindedness.
trying to discuss car insurance
setting the number of seconds on my microwave to my iPhone Password
leaving my fleshlight in the shower when my parents came over
ordering coffee online
sending my dad a picture
Snap and find new ppl
TDIF by posting on my public page that my male boss has big titties
Getting a Kitten for my Adult Cat
blindly trusting a midget.
not verifying who was on the other end of a phone call before exclaiming the intended recipient of said call was dead.
I forgot my cake day
spending a week's salary on baking a pie.
revealing too soon that I was an imposter in a WhatsApp group chat
sleeping with a flyswatter next to me
making a very morbid joke louder than I intended to, in front of a load of strangers.
cumming on my dog
This happened a week or two ago....
Crying in McDonald's because "They didn't have nuggets"
“Making “ Floor Food
trimming my finger nails at the wrong time.
masturbating while peeping Tom neighbor watched.
accepting a challenge from a internet friend to search something
looking at wound care photos are work.
going to the toilet after using peppers
Bhhhh
I fell in the shower and flooded the entire basement
keeping balloons from my birthday
promising my grandmother that I will get 4 scholarships in 4 universities
bustin a nut to playboi cartis wlr
not taking my oral health seriously for the past year
getting on the Internet in the morning
my Drinking my own Pee instead of my Coke
Pantera class lecture
subscribing to an ASMR Twitch streamer with my wife's Amazon Prime account.
getting suspended from my country's sub
expecting my best friend to have a bigger penis
accidentally eating a mouse turd and making myself paranoid
TUFU by refusing to eat salad
helping someone who's kitchen was on fire
being afraid of dentists.
letting out a booming fart in a study period.
trying to distract my ex gf from her father's death.
My Own Christmas In SO Many Ways
spending 4 hours trying to fix my wifi that wasn’t even broken.
cutting off part of my underwear for a cosplay
TDIFU my teacher thought I was laughing at here dead grandma
playing the last of us 2
scaring a girl when I thought I was alone
going to a party for a girl who was no interested in me
not acting on my brother in laws addiction, ultimately leading to him dying in the hospital for a very long time
Sex Worker Edition
thinking I knew shit about hot pocket
not remembering what jacket my (don't know what to say g.f or friend so let's go with crush) wore during our first hug and first kiss
ye
posting a terroristic threat on Twitter at the Jimmy Kimmel show and getting escorted out by Trump’s Secret Service
telling my protege employee he needed to use less sauce.
almost getting my dad BANNED from Animal Crossing
sounds like Tfue lol
not knowing a common turn of phrase and alienating myself
Interview Gone Completely Wrong
forgetting to put away weed oil and getting my dog high as a kite
banging a goat accidentely
leaving food by the window
accidentally saying something that sounded super racist
clicking a link that my extremely inebriated ex sent me.
improperly protecting our WiFi cables, hence causing our cats to chew on them.
seggs
comparte y salva una vida
not letting my brother's girlfriend know I was crashing at his and her place, accidentally seeing her naked and finding out her MAJOR secret
desperately eating prunes as a midnight snack
mowing over the pipes on the sewage mound
filling out paperwork wrong and getting my entire first check since the pandemic taken in taxes
wanting to spend the night with my dad since I haven't seen him in months.
electing myself president
not realizing my credits were worth more than I though.
i.... absentmindedly blew a kiss
not remembering to turn my bluetooth headphones off
sending a NSFW reddit post to my uncle
Pavlov’s dogging myself into getting horny every time I had a test or assignment due.
By not shutting the window
accidentally starting a business
I cut myself again, it feels so good
Snake Egg Mishap
giving my bf the wrong meds
passing gas next to my door
and accidentally got fucked up
Mouthed off to a group of country boys
binning a banana peel
The best day of my marriage.
I Scared An Old Lady
making a joke mentioning friends dead mother
waking up out of the dead of sleep and asking my wife to have sex
helping ruin one of my wife's childhood memories
inhaling body wash
playing Ding Dong Song too loud...
accepting to be together with my ex again and now two interlope clans are having an argument because of this.
swearing in a Zoom call
yeeting something into a pan filled with hot fat
not reading the calendar correctly
showing my bff/roommate the new bong I bought *possibly* breaking her sobriety buying a new set of speakers for $135 and burning their subwoofer
Cobb
buy not using a tracking number
People who have gotten scammed over the phone from “India”
not social distancing
thinking a song was about a murderous carrot.
solving a problem that didn't exist
arriving to a friend's place really sweaty and putting an awkward first impression.
Shit Birthday
sending my date to the ER, because she gave me a blowjob.
breaking my leg
setting off TSA security with a cherimoya and causing an alien movie like scene at the airport
telling my friends mom to buy pet products at an adult store
letting my brother play on my PC
using bengay
Letting A Scammer Freeze All of My Assets
eating too many Brussels sprouts
having an edible with my wife, getting very high and horny and potentially scarring my 9 year old daughter
slamming a door into a child
Posted a very offensive meme on my main account
grinding too vigorously
drinking bacon grease infused water
not realizing (sooner) that it was a pimple and getting pus on everything
building comment karma and giving compliments
When I unknowingly lied to college applications as a fictional race.
taking credit of someone else’s work blatantly to there face.
Believing my car was stolen / impounded at my high-rise ... when I was on the wrong floor of my parking garage
playing poker in my classroom
realizing I've been taking sleeping meds instead of focus meds.
getting caught hiding my dad's porn CD in my textbook
getting evicted again because of old dangerous habit
TIWFU by suggesting to ban anything sex related from this sub.
ruining sexy wrestling time
forgetting my phone unlocked with my coworkers
breaking FWB rules.
SINGING
joking about furries
wiping my arse with nettles
making my best friend think I got to second base with my married doctor
kicking my bathroom door
going to an interview
when I set 2 step verification on my iPhone 6s Plus
drawing a penis in my class
having a bath
When my mom walked in on my naked brother and me.
Today I fucked up by drinking a rufi cocktail.
biting into a frozen protein bar
Telling Colleagues About Coconut Guy’s Story.
trying to be overtly heterosexual
taking the metro and getting sexually assaulted
not knowing how to tell time.
flashing a zoom class
building my PC in front of my girlfriend
doing a couple of lines of cocaine on my break at work
accidentally sanding off part of my vagina
eating some crystallised ginger
calling the police on my best friends bf
cancelling a long awaited vacation for no reason
giving my girlfriend a flower
being caught masturbateing
telling my Sister and BIL I fisted a guy
being caught underaged drinking and breaking and entering
assuming my work was saved and losing 8 hours of work
not realizing the cat took a dump on our pillow
sniffin' on straight chlorine
having a threesome w/ my wifey (NSFW)
sneaking into a Suburban and taking a nap
By swallowing my permanent retainer
sending my favorite porn to everyone in my contacts list
declaring my independence against my school
putting hand sanitizer where it doesn't belong.
trying to reunite with my long lost best friend
accidentally coughing and sneezing so hard my mask fell off my face.
thinking a student was a mother.
taking a beard trimmer to my crown jewels. (Graphic)
using antirheumatic gel on my penis
masturbating before I went to sleep while visiting my friend who lives with their parents.
making a TMI phone call at work
driving down the road with my tail gate down.
making a joke of someone’s dead dog
when I biked into a baby
trying to make healthier changes
while doing a bycycle trip
when I dropped my grandmother’s brand new iPhone 11
trying to get my monies worth out of a candle
I (30/m) got kidnapped by someone I met online (24/f)
jerking off at the wrong time.
giving myself a facial with a waterpik
talking to my teacher about smoking
walking home with a CVS bag
telling someone I was gay when I'm not
delivering to the wrong apartment complex
sending a vid of the helicopter to a girl I like
ordering every topic on the subway and actually eating it
using a bank note to crush amphetamines for three months
creating a bio weapon
for guessing a 10 year old was 18 years old and making my friend think I’m a paedophile
releasing the 8th plague in my friends house
forgetting to change the file name
Today I effed up when I decided to drink as many cups of coffee as possible within an hour and a half.
accidentally waterboarding myself and discovering I am thalassophobic.
not washing my hands after cutting up Jalapenos
putting Tiger Balm near my vagina
not putting my stuff away
asking my colleague to mime because of her sore throat
winning a bet against my brother and making him drink a spoonful of Frank’s Red Hot sauce that later ended up in my mouth
drinking 3 energy drinks at 11pm
Hhhj
texting my boss about my boss
keeping Private tabs on a school iPad
observing the Holy Day of 420
scaring my cat away from home and loosing her.
pooping in class during a lockdown drill
Putting a Ping Pong Ball Where It Doesn't Belong
catfishing my friend and letting him get attached.
answering my phone?
or how I stopped worrying and learned to love the bum
letting the neighbor kid look in my wife's drawer.
the holiday season buying my wife jewelry from her wish list.
tipping over about 40 gallons of glass from a beer bottle machine.
changing someone’s name
giving a kid $20.
drinking too much, having an emotional breakdown while drunk, and forgetting i have a funeral to go to.
giving my number to an attractive girl I met on a flight
giving myself AIDS
not knowing what my own face looks like
rejecting my crush
making a fool out of myself by sending a cat fact message thinking it's what they wanted
M  removing my partners butt plug NSFW
wearing a bandana over a respirator mask and getting sick from lack of oxygen.
Running with my dog
working out too hard
farting in an escalator seconds before my crush runs in.
Sending My Family Explicit Pornography
pronouncing Keanu Reeves wrong
leaving out my edibles which mom thought was cake
staring at GF's breast the first time meeting her family
taking the wrong pill
putting the a fake name on a package
not being able to paint
watching porn in the shower and having it fall behind the shower panel playing full volume, while my friends and girlfriend are directly below me.
walking in front of my boyfriends twitch stream naked
Almost Fainting from hitting my Tailbone
hanging my belt
jerking off in front of my hot sister
getting drunk and high after receiving my covid vaccine.
finally realizing I need XL condoms
trying to be the funny guy.
CATCHING MY DAD JERKING OFF
missing my flight cause of my phone
Today I fucked up by burning my Anus using the bidet.
crying in the middle of sex
just a little bit
getting creampied
sticking my TL;DR in the naughty spot
microwaving a potato without the proper cooking equipment.
TDIFU by not closing my window and resulting a punch to a random stanger
Sleeping in Class
sending security after deaf customers.
eating Lobster
I hit a 5 gallon bucket of shit going down the freeway.
letting my male yeast infection go untreated for almost a year
leaving my front door unlocked.
an embarrassing 3 inches
accidentally revealing someone’s affair
reading a boys adventure book and trying to smoke out a bee hive
for being immature
accidentally sending a vulgar message to a friend
getting banned from rite aid
going to subway with my vegan girlfriend
I fucked up my BIL's 65 inch Inch
thinking a piece of poop was a rock
booking an anniversary trip to Savannah GA- not knowing it’s a “haunted city”
when I shared an amazon account with my mum.
blowing my nose while wiping my ass
making my doctor think I like getting pegged. (NSFW)
pretending to have just given oral sex at work. NSFW
letting carriages hit other peoples cars and not telling the store
Really bad reference
Iajejxjsx
putting my recycling in plastic garbage bags for the last 7 years
texting a bisexual threeway porn video to my 81 yr old mom.
going to a gay sauna unknowingly.
laughing at my kid’s cuss word
shitting my pants in public.
celebrating the death of my friends mother
recommending my favourite video game to my friend with epilepsy
being an idiot
going to my exam
saying hello to my barber
closing a door.
Waiting Too Long to Get Views for a Class Project
accidentally ejaculating on my girlfriends cat during sex and I can’t earn it’s trust back
grilling my foot in my George Foreman Grill
not checking the bathroom stall before opening the door
going to my mothers house
struggling with hidding reddit comments for months.
Going to the Doctor for Hip Pain
not listening to my dad.
offering a doll to the moon spirit
making love to a racist.
I told my girlfriend her quarter pounder smells like a vagina
reading a about a Guy reading a
ripping one during an exam
MY JOB
Today I almost got black mailed
Almost Burning Down My Parents House On Their Anniversary
almost becoming a registered pedophile
I made a stupid shitpost about "gEoRgE fLoYd'S dEaTh WaS sTaGeD fOr DaRk MoDe PfP's" and people took me seriously
meeting my bf who was high on shrooms
making out with a friend and lying about it
reapplying my lipstick
having to go to the bathroom!
cursing at an anti-masker in CVS
giving my little cousin a dollar bill
due to autocorrect calling my mom's close friend's daughter "Sister"
only just realizing the hint a girl dropped
setting my HAIR on FIRE
accidentally piercing my pp
TIFUpdate accidentally screen-recording a girl pleasuring herself on camera which she sent to me
When I treated myself to some wings when watching football. Ended up with Chuck E Cheese food.
getting cut.
asking my GF to send me some sexy pics
not studying and wasting the whole 2020
protecting my pride and self respect in a battle with my mom
dropping a kid with Cerebral Palsy on his head
manufacturing weapons on campus UPDATE
getting caught for masturbating to Angela Merkel
getting eaten out by my brother in law
Pulled over doing 38 over. I’m seventeen.
reading my gfs messages
not realizing my mic was off in GTA Online
masturbating by my window...
not pressing all the way down on the bathroom door lock
getting too high in the middle of a pandemic
heres a nasty story if anyone wants one
sending work management Cardi Bs Boobs
amp; almost got my entire nipple eaten
So  watching half a dozen horror movies on the same day and now I cannot sleep
yelling out an answer in class
trying to do laundry with help from neighbors to the north
shitting my pants with no explanation
accidentally helping a guy steal a car
NSFW Gobbling that ends with a teabag
killing a slug because I was mad at it for eating my plant then instantly regretting it and now I want to cry.
launching my toilet drenched ham sandwich onto my parent's conservatory
Talking about corona virus are kids bday
daydreaming while serving cereal
Dumping
I’m a l0l1c0n who wanks to fake girls but I ain’t a P3d0phile.
Made my boyfriend miss his grandma's funeral
in a car wash
trusting Enterprise
being locked out of my own car when I have the keys
getting a job at UPS
leaving my hand on car for too long
creating a new nickname for my boss..
spoiling The Prestige for myself
submitting my homework online and I ended up having to explain what bust a nut meant to my teacher in front of my entire class.
buying a 3D model for my project that costed more that I expected which I can’t even use.
TDIFU I think my mom wants to disown me
sending a message to the wrong chat on Microsoft teams.
getting fingered into violence
forgetting it's Valentine's Day and texting my old crush
putting the wrong phone number on my CV.
making a joke that was taken the wrong way
quoting from Big Mouth during sex
being paranoid again
joking about my dad’s vasectomy.
not admitting I had jerked off (NSFW)
by licking the ‘soap’ from Clorox wipes
teaching my daughter about Steak and BJ day.
thinking I’m an anime
shitting myself after drinking a litre of apple juice in the middle of class.
not being aware my apt had a renovation
getting FWB pregnant
telling my girlfriend her dress looked like a burlap sack
spilling some mayonnaise from sandwich on my pants in sensitive area.
trying to repair my little ol 3ds.
not shaving correctly
Suddenly Touched My Female Customers Boobs
kicking a plate of pizza into my Desktop
taking my adderall at 1AM because my wife was pooping. Now my face is bruised and I’m about to go back for my 3rd shift at the hospital.
another naked while driving incident...
dropping a whole succulent in a crowded airport bathroom
I searched up NSFW content on my school account.
day after marriage going to a bar after a $1300 estimate
faking an accent to pick up chicks but now I’m in way too deep.
TDIFU by accidentally uploading a picture from the internet to my company's server..
waiting to have better insurance
nearly killing my son after a movie
dreaming about snakes attacking me and accidentally kicking my boyfriend in the balls. buying super tampons
New Year’s Eve
having my junk grabbed my an 8yo special needs kid
or very recently) by getting blackout at my best friends’ wedding
I sold a litter of kittens to my neighbor who runs a taco truck.
enjoying flaming hot cheetos a little too much
shining a black light on my boyfriend husband pillow.
being artfully forgetful
trying to impress a girl by sleeping with her friend.
Today i fucked up by asking a disabled customer over the phone 'not to run away!'
Mods are asleep: TOFU Recipe
swatting a stinging bug in my bed, barehanded.
accident lowkey
not moving that damn elf
trying to install a game on my work laptop.
Deepthroating a candy cane to escape exam waits
jamming my seatbelt in the car door
casually accusing a guy of being a pimp
Ripped my balls
agreeing to write an art portfolio after being an extra in two musicals.
giving my cat a bath
allowing a young employee to process a large bill
tfue
hy being epic
when I clicked on a video link from Facebook
paying Xtra money for something useless
with a bad outfit
clicking a link on a TOMT page
Crashing my car for some cookies
Mom is sleeping with some of my friends
not going on Reddit for my first cake day!
almost dying
not being eligible to graduate from middle school even though I am in 8th grade and have straight As.
pissing of psych ward roommate
butt dialling my middle school bully
eating sushi
sleeping in my zoom meeting
calling a girl fat in from her mom
using “modded” Xbox 360 controller on COD BO1.
hitting submit on a form without double-checking it
playing too much VR with scoliosis.
R/ killing my kitten
leaving the funnel in
getting hard at a party
missing a trip to Hawaii bc I burped in front of my gf's family
Forgetting Class Ended
asking my wife about her weight
turning down Dominos because my step sister entered my room while I was wanking
because i lied to my crush and now she wont talk to me
telling my boyfriend I’m a lesbian while hanging out with some queer friends
getting drunk and someone else towed away.
trying to be nice
donating my hair and having my boyfriend break up with me
dating my exes friend shortly after breaking up and i feel like the worst person in the world.
trying to mess with scam callers
day trading and losing everything in my bank account including my next semester fee...
making a sex joke and getting scolded by an older man who didn't get it
Accidentally eavesdropped
watching 'The Nun' before going to sleep and I'm all alone rn
making fun of someone on my pickup basketball team for being blind when he was, in fact, blind
if you are single and you want to meet people
not realising my IBS was back
deleting system 32
locking a key in a cabinet
being too friendly to children at a Museum.
asking my mom for a geography lesson
when meeting with a prostitute
because I started focusing on education too late
having my parents find out I smuggled alcohol across the border
reading a
hugging a random teenager on the street
Why is everyone saying in title I shall also say then
contaminating my raw rice with dog food measuring cup that my dog licked
accidentally 'flashing' half my classmates
letting a stranger make a phone call from my phone.
My feral cat used to slice my arms up ....customer called the police...thought I was suicidal ....
poisoning myself with nuts
procrastinating the whole day
The time I accidentally went into the wrong bathroom
though this was a while ago) by going on a bike path that traveled through a forest containing bears next to a river.
taking the worst timed photo ever at Ground Zero
Bricking my CPU ... Don't know how
starting a job as an Amazon warehouse worker and found it to be unexpectedly rewarding.
accidentally giving myself a squirting orgasm and peing all over the kitchen floor
using something I'm allergic to to remove facial hair.
but more like last night...
eating an entire tub of onion dip in one sitting.
calling my pregnant wife hippo
almost drowning in a cess pool in Iraq
cleaning in my underwear
Can we please put a temporary ban on accidentally being naked for a zoom meeting/video chat?
assuming a transgender woman was a man
Asking my drunk roommate if I can kiss her while I was drunk, got rejected. Need advice to deal with it. I’m panicking !
trying to have my family wrangle a mouse instead of letting the traps do their job.
getting tipsy and having sexy times during a small cookout.
Helped a lady who stabbed her boyfriend get away whilst he was bleeding and trying to get help.
phem fuel
falling in love with a coworker.
needing some help with my mental state and letting my friend notice my arms
ˢᵐᵃˡˡ  kissing my girlfriend's neck
Just school shit
ditching my anxious friend in an unfamiliar city
putting on a MacBook case backwards
and it destroyed my dream job
forcing my kid to run laps
seeing my grandpa do something I shouldn’t have seen.
i've been sucked by a bathtub
Not Following my Nose
sexing balls
not reading the description of an AirBnB room and booking anyway.
telling a customer she should consider have her child euthanized
drinking and losing touch with reality
I referenced an edgy joke, and it didn’t go the way I wanted.
i’ve been scammed out of 3.4k. help!!
bringing work home with me.
telling my boss to spank me
sending a picture of my Oder brother without a shirt to a spam group chat
so much that I almost dropped out of college because of my eyedrops
shoplifting a chapstick
using Capzasin HP as body Lotion
factory resetting my mom's laptop
creating a fake place on google maps
hanging a shelf and experiencing true level
not knowing how the movie Click actually ends.
trusting a fart
not correcting my todflers pronunciation.
completely forgetting who my coworker is
having my vibrator fall out of my suitcase while TSA were checking it
Destroying An Already-Destroyed Toilet
unintentionally making a very racist comment.
pressing the wrong button
Not Pooping Before Going on a Tour of The Capital Building
leaving my favorite umbrella on a train
because I tried to run away from a wasp!
photoshopping an album cover to remove indecent bits
saying aoha to hawaiian natives
Fires of Mount Doom
farting on a plane.
telling my bosses wife that my boss was sleeping with my wife.
having my boyfriends contact as a lewd nickname
doing shrooms then going into The Amsterdam Dungeons
getting a handful of cum at the grocery store
asking a weird question on r/legaladvice
running away from home with my little brother and a friend.
having to get surgery from masturbating too much
telling my dad I maybe a schizophrenic
scratching the hell out of my windshield.
and blew a kiss to someone who was not my wife
convincing my friends and family that I was about to hang myself
trying to make my poo disappear.
accidentally sending a dick pic to customer support
making my fiancé throw up during foreplay
having mind blowing sex in the grocery store with my (s) ex. kicking the door in front of the college principal
shoving shit back up my ass
giving my friend a condom that my other friend gave me
listening to NPR before a tinder date.
omitting parts of my sentence
falling asleep on the toilet.
playing Pie Face EXTREME
inviting my crush to my one man party (me, beating my meat)
letting my man fist me
spoiling one of the greatest yet saddest movie endings.
making pot brownies for my friends
Asked my friend if she was interested in sexting when I was not in right mind
telling a coworker to act his wage.
forgetting to tell my partner that I was in a video meeting
taking a shit on my girlfriends house
Constantly Traking Off My Phone Case
watching porn after 3 years of resisting
waxing my armpits with hot wax
misquoting a price and getting fired for it
getting a Mars bar stuck in my ass
bringing weed to a wedding
Probably Getting My Dad In Jail
accidentally posting a nsfw manga with nsfw preview on my Facebook account and not knowing about it for 10 days
having sex with my former professor...
helping a customer
not putting my dog on a leash
Hair removal cream burns. 🔥
leaving thousands of old wet wipes under my bed
Having A Google Home
asking a girl I slept with if she has any STD'S
falling in love with my roommate
flossing too hard
I have a way with women – It was usually the wrong way, but a way with women. TL;DR While covering for busboy, I spill a glass of ice water down the front of a woman.
ruining the community of a major video game
almost marrying my mother
By thinking my friend was my mom
taking my old phone upstairs
Using A Large Bill In A Condom Vending Machine
NSFW (second degree burns)Today i fucked up by waking up late.
letting a $3.0k bracelet be thrown in the trash
So my crush spilled all the tea I told her
dropping a bolt into the engine of my ford f 350 truck
My period leaked through my light blue scrub pants and I didn’t notice until the end of my 10 hour shift.
not leaving my phone on mute
smoking dabs at a friend's house
masturbating with a chicken egg.
waking up every single person in my friend's house really early.
not going to the bathroom before leaving to Uni
being a good samaritan?
bleeding on my work friend’s couch
CHEATING IN CLASS
exploding a chocolate milk cartridge
getting kicked out of rapids water park
using my dad's phone number to sign up for a gay dating app
shouting at my creepy neighbour, who was actually innocent.
playing Among Us with my wife while we were both high.
trusting Google Maps to navigate me through rural Australia
reading the Facebook comments
putting my wireless earbuds in the washing machine
naming a wand.
sending my D&amp;D group a steamy shower video.
Having to Explain to My Teacher What Gamer Girl's Bath Water Is
painting my bathroom.
burning my hands with lava icing
mentioning a dirty comment in a youtube video!
texting my mom while her and my dad were arguing.
getting my cousin pregnant
getting food into my eye
Bad time with an ar-15
losing part of my Trumpet during a band competition
kissing a girl
ruining my chair with a brown mess
probing the courthouse about a speeding ticket that wasn’t showing up under my driver’s license #.
almost being caught playing with my dick
driving two hours on NYE to see a guy and getting ghosted, then throwing christmas tree in his friend’s driveway two doors down
cutting us off last night
having a taser battle with my brothers.
Gobble govboke
chose your own adventure! (formula for winning!)
When I Drove Over A Parking Divider
looking in my girlfriends phone and finding a fleshlight purchase she made to her ex 3 years into our 6 year relationship. NSFW
That's Bleach...not Febreze
getting out of the emergency department
laughing at a dead lady thinking there was watermelon all over the ground when in reality it was brains.
saying no to a threesome accidentally popping a massive sheep pimple.
accidentally pointing a gun at my sister
setting my hand on fire
bringing my girlfriend to a bar
getting waay too high with a girl i started dating. NSFW
flashing my vagina at a stranger
googling my wife's name.
forgetting to change my tampon before my 2 mile run
going down a steep hill at 50kmh in a 3-wheeled drift-cart and flipping...
missing my Reddit cake day by one hour.
my life
blaming my roommate for my fault
and said to a gypsy couple they were attractive to be gypsies.
Declining a call I've been waiting on for 3 years.
accidentally sleeping with my girlfriend's best friend
motorboating my girlfriend after buying a cheap beard balm
dying my children blue
Providing Christmas Eve dinner tomorrow night to a DV shelter, fell and smashed me face in and now look like I belong in the DV shelter.
Friends With Benefits is the new Relationship
letting one of my hang ups upset my wife’s friend and family and killed the party.
relapsing on oxycodone.
telling a guy he looked even better without his beanie
edging myself after not doing so for a while
finally buying something from the fancy furniture store next door
touching my dick after chopping jalapeño peppers
looking at my late girlfriends Facebook profile.
disconnecting from the work server when I use the bathroom to play pool.
deciding to travel today instead of yesterday
fucking with my toilet
neglecting my clothes during a shower in a public place
I
almost cutting my finger off.
not listening to my mom
making a anti-Transgender joke infront of my only friends
bumping my dads car into another car
trying to teach my 3 y/o nephew to play Pokemon
for accidentally putting slime on my friend's hair
getting covered by a friends urine (NSFW)
eating the wrong bag of fast food
saying some thing weird
listening to
sending yuri hentai instead of my assignment
Broke into my own house
eating an entire 72 piece bag of Hi-Chews in one sitting.
a possible fantasy being fulfilled or just wishful thinking
Never Clearing my Search Tabs
Cummed in my dads face
showing my friend at work my homemade Halloween costume on a zoom call
Wedding Woes
breaking a plate over a cat
not saying I love you
not reading the Label
Destroying a dishwasher by using laundry pods instead of dishwashing pods.
calling my daughter “sweet penis”
causing absolute pandemonium on an overcrowded public bus.
going on a booty call I shouldn't have gone
using a dish Sponge on a car
falling asleep at the library
going to my crush’s house and drinking
chipping my tooth from kissing
giving myself spoilers of one my favorite shows Mr. Robot by mistake
I literaly f*cked Up
hiring a sex worker
Failed an Exam
getting a handjob from my girlfriend's sister.
walking into the Women’s restroom while unzipping my pants.
not deleting my search history
feeding someone jizz pie
forgetting that I have to take a drug test next week for my dream job.
trying to be sexy with gummy worms
letting my brother find out I’m furry
throwing up on my roommate
for telling to my teacher my friend smokes weed
I managed to order a pizza with NO cheese...
leaving a pack of cigarettes in the pocket of my jacket I always moved my packs across the house for years to avoid getting caught and I was tired of
mixing Biofreeze and Capsaicin
admitting to my kids that I’m a drug addict
ripping my hair and skin off near my balls
having hot sex with a hot babe who played anime and used le reddit and was a gamer girl
missing my shot to work for Reddit
mistaking a child for a dog
sounding like I sharted myself.
getting locked in an Amtrak bathroom
underestimating the reach of my Chihuahua
for having to redo a scarf that took five hours to knit
following Neil DeGrasse Tyson's advise, getting drunk, and cracking my phone
finding out something I SHOULDNT HAVE
Pranking Myself
getting ignored while trying to help my physics teacher, ruined my day
https://www.amateuros.com/
trying to buy a ps5 and got scammed due to my own stupidity and hope in human decency.
with Zoom...
Today I F***** up by almost electrocuting my face
trying to talk with my girlfriend's mom
TIFUpdate by accidentally ghosting great first date AND reconnecting with him after a week AND trying to meet him again amidst the coronavirus scare
damaging a customers car.
coming to the birth of my own child.
killing the mood
I confessed that I had a panic attack on a discord
not listening to a nurse during a blood drive
insulting a guys micropenis and ruining the hookup
blowing my nose so hard my body thought it had been poisoned
HIGH TEXTED CRUSH
repeatedly getting back with my ex girlfriend and breaking up with her because all my feelings just disappear and reappear?
trying to vote early and instead voting 3 years late
letting work stress impact my relationship with an incredible person
punching a drunken angry dwarf
By forgetting that people of all colors dumb.
making my step mom think me and my girlfriend were having sex
turning my anus into a whack-a-mole game.
listening to sh boom
Stealing $90 Worth of Pens from WalMart
putting spaghetti sauce on my spaghetti
calling a woman a derogatory word
cutting my ass playing with a Japanese sickle
trying to bring my packages inside
moving in with a roommate.
covering a disabled elderly lady in air freshener for 3 months
Today I realized my brother fucked up
sounding (m) when drunk (NSFW)
Scheduling My Colonoscopy
slathering baby oil all over my boobies
mowing the lawn twice
forgetting my laundry
telling a customer to stay positive
asking a lady her age at work
not sending out invites to my sisters bday party, and being too scared to own up to it.
accidentally quoting Austin Powers during sex because I have a ridiculous accent
playing Portal.
not being specific when saying RIP on facebook
trying to grow a beard.
I was a bully
scaring my crush and getting the cops on me
leaving my keys 3 hours away from me and my truck.
quoting Infinity War to a Veteran
Told a middle aged woman she’s young
cursing in front of my bosses and a bunch of fellow employees during a Teams meeting
yelling about a girls skin colour
throwing my Timezone card in a game
buying a cursed rug from hell
burning my coochie (organically!)
ripping the skin of my dick from jerking off in horrible circumstances
trying the brand new Grilled Cheese Burrito from Taco Bell
being unexpectedly enthusiastic during phone sex.
Hitting my wife in the face with a boat
announcing my husband's friend had died
making coffee
getting high and grabbing random trash off the street.
arguing with an autistic person on Reddit.
when my wife found out my porn downloads
trying to be a Good Samaritan.
speaking another language with my dad's friend
rubbing my eye after brushing my teeth
letting my crush go by me
overheating my car engine.
... answering the door
Eating Ants
leaving cigarettes unattended
shooting a load five feet onto my $1500 laptop
almost dying because I'm a big tough (stupid) guy who doesn't need to see a doctor because of some "stomach ache".
TOFU by choosing and interesting bank reference
wanting to look nice
trying to get home from work
chasing an invisible home intruder
Making a school shooting joke
trying to cuddle my wife.
losing Snowdrop.
kissing the wrong end of my dog
being myself
chemically frying my scrotum
poopoo?
wearing headphones
cooking bacon at 11pm
hurting someone I love
inadvertently making a joke about my friend's daughter
getting a marble up my ass
(literally) falling on my face on my first day of work.
shaving and ruining my sons innocence
supporting chelsea
losing my bowels in a dog bowl in front of my husband.
telling my best friend I slept with her fiancé, and telling my ex which lead to my car being vandalized.
accidentally gassing myself with toxic gas
Starting Smoking After having cops draw their guns on me
breathing
assuming my ex blocked me on WhatsApp
sending my youth pastor a picture of me in a provocative Santa outfit asking him to sit in my lap
I accidentally sent inappropriate stuff to my younger cousin
LPT...  snorting coffee
playing Paper, Scissors, Stone
discovering the subreddit that scarred me for life
trying to install free minecraft pe on my friends tablet
matching with my cousin on Tinder
assuming the teacher wouldn’t check what we wrote in binary.
listening to music too loud.
(almost) putting ethanol in a diesel truck
regret insisted on saving my dad who had a severe hemorrhagic stroke
not telling my ex that he was going to get fingered by the urologist
trusting my friend while drunk.
falling asleep at 6pm with my one year old
My Mom Got My Sex Toy Order Confirmation Email
jabbing a woman in the eye with a sharpie
eating macaroni and cheese
sniffing my best friend's (clean) shirt in the gym locker room
being unintentionally racist
Signing into Zoom via Google
Fucked up hand holding
breaking a table glass
trading card with my mom
telling my 7 year old niece to cover her T!ddies
tossing my phone to the next stall - Maybe NSFW
having too much coffee at my job orientation
pressure washing my neighbor's walk and driveway.
not being able to take my skis off by myself
"ทีมแข่งยามาฮ่า" เตรียมประชันความเร็ว ผ่านรูปแบบเกมออนไลน์
accidentally whistling at a new mother.
pretending to "sweet chin music" my cousin
Locked out of car
being caught wanking....
buying things online
I sent a dumb text
convincing my coworker that I'm a 9/11 truther.
TDIF by causing a fight between my parents.
deliberately stinging myself with a wasp
using profanity in front of a customer
finding out that my brother faps to my onlyfans lewds
telling my wife she’s not getting fatter, I’m just losing weight and she looks bigger by comparison.
calling my wife a nanny
choosing an interesting bank reference
Today I Fucked Up By Not Playing Attention To What Conversations Where Happening Around Me
I made a joke to my friend's face about her having an abortion, which left her very upset - plausibly because she had one.
removing cactus out of a dog toy
Got drunk and started an argument
almost asking a nursing mother to breastfeed me.
I was trying to find out if the account that has a name that one my friends use are really one of my friends behind it
not checking Amazon reviews
sitting on my deck in my boxers!
befriending my therapist
getting hit by a 4,4mm bullet and possibly lead poisoning myself.
showing up a day early to a friends house and waking everyone from a nap
those aren’t eye drops!
Worked out, spent the next week in the hospital
not emptying my phone's recycle bin
being persistent
posting on reddit how i send to anyone who asks
crashing a moped
TDIFU by coming way to late home without telling my parents
wanting some sexy time after lunch.
I peed on my bathroom floor
I think my right butt cheek is injured
resigning from a future job
trying to close a bidet
becoming a full blown night owl.
falling on a skateboard and messing up a tidy driveway
With An Angle Grinder At Work
dropping my newly bought iPhone XR...
agreeing to host a weekly Risk game night
wearing bracelets.
messing around with batteries
Awkward Conversation!!
clogging up the drain with too much toilet paper
Showing My 70 year old Grandma a dirty picture
thinking I could sleep off appendicitis
using a fleshlight on my boyfriend
telling my adolescent son about milf cougars
sneezing at the grocery store
revealing to my stepson that Santa isn't real
wanting to show off my mustache on discord
watching Netflix with my wife’s Mom and Uncle
trying to remain anonymous on the internet
trying to make hot chocolate
I just did an oopsie
finger-wagging a homeless panhandler like I was Dikembe Mutombo
supporting a pedophile while on steam.
saying I don’t understand “old references”
Tofu by not telling my bro to stfu
"manicuring" my gums for the last 10 years.
putting toy magnets in my nose
a good relationship with porn addiction
petting someone else's pet without their permission.
moving in with my boyfriend
almost bleeding out due to a nose bleed
hammering my finger, and letting it heal on it’s own.
puking on a date
making my Clan Tag in CoD my friends name
accidentally telling my boyfriend I fucked a man who black mailed me into sending nudes
My Dad Been Using My YouTube Account For Months And Today He Seen Everything
driving on the wrong side of the wrong on my driving test due to misinterpreting instructions given by the examiner
driving to work with a malfunctioning car
thinking this sub had good moderators.
accidentally cutting my brothers lip
Your Stories are a major part of the biggest morning Radio Podcast in Portugal
admitting to my Christian father that I have a PH subscription
Hookup
pissing myself during a sleep paralysis episode (I live with my very understanding grandparents)
trying to steal back my toy bowling pin from my neighbor who ended up "repurposing it".
letting my wife find out that I was cheating on her with a certain cultivar of winter squash.
accidentally taking an emptied bullet through airport security
ask for help that now I don't need
blasting porn over a speaker
well, we) by teaching my kid that dark outside equals night equals sleep time
falling asleep in a Zoom classroom meeting
giving my dad an attitude.
answering a call from my boss on the toilet
it's my birthday...
ruining a perfectly good batch of brownies
MacKenzie Scott donates about 4.2 billion to various community groups in 2020.
arguing with my better half.
making a DIY hairmask
telling a girl I was gonna harm myself
going too far with my new superpower
accidentally turning camera on during a presentation to the whole department. I was off sick and wearing a polka dot bathrobe 🤦‍♀️
going to my ex’s place to get my stuff
nearly dying twice
on the way to work
melting pasta into my pie dough
I saw a long lost friend while I was driving by and stopped the car and went to hug them... they backed away telling me to stay back
being an American.
cutting down the oak tree's roots in my front yard with my dad.
listening to a Harry Potter audio book on shuffle.
letting my mind wander and accidentally telling my girlfriend that she must love me, a week after we started dating.
i am a horrible person
Important Notice
eating a 550K scoville unit hot sauce.
Got back together with my boyfriend today after a terrible breakup
telling a Walmart employee they have a giant ass.
attempting to make a latte
Physically fighting with my younger sister, and ruining a fun New Year's
flashing my sister and her friends
showing my naked tits to 80 of my students and 4 of my coworkers
accidentally letting my dog kill a possum.
telling a friend who liked me that I had a GF
accidentally flashing the contractor next door.
I asked my girlfriend the forbidden question
Giving my Fiancé a bad Trip
Cos of beans
not following social distancing.
potentially ruining my ex girlfriends family life
I lost my best friend in among us without knowing if I will see him again
ripping a bit of foreskin from my dick
All moderators of r/have been kidnapped!
when my step-sistwr got stuck under the couch
being lactose intolerant and eating cheesecake while on a first date
getting caught by my dad using a sex toy by turning it up instead of turning it off.
going to the wrong lecture
Playing Cards Universe Against Rick and Morty
dropping my phone on my sleeping childs face while trying to record her snoring.
driving 74km/h over the speed limit.
groping myself
giving a local Redditor a free ticket to see La Dispute
smoking on my balcony
inadvertently making a comment with inappropriate sexual connotations to my stepdaughter.
Today I fucked up by deleting my game save files.
Telling my Mother I Fix VCR’s for a Living
walking downstairs naked in the middle of the night
booking a hotel room in Marion for a funeral in Marion.
trying out a new wooden paddle in the bedroom
Walking on Ice
almost giving myself hypothermia
when I decided to go for my crush’s best friend.
accidentally getting my grandfather high
having social anxiety
sharing my screen on zoom and exposing the fanfiction I read
in a spicy way...
falling for a job scam and losing my entire disability cheque
putting sheets on my sisters bed
dog licked me during sex
spreading a virus across the world
The Curse of Curds
trying to clean my ear
having a panic attack over a mannequin in a window which I thought was chasing me.
caulking my anus
sending an idiot proof email
texting a gay porn video to my boss
driving by planning too far ahead and not staring what the car in front of me was doing; totaling two cars
moaning when my chiropractor cracked my neck..
peeing in an empty cat litter container peeing in a cat litter container
making it the day my son lost his innocence.
panicking and deactivating my debit card for no reason
accidentally leaked my txts from my bf to my online friends.
going to a gym class that isn’t for me.
destroying the motor of a garage door
being considerate in the bedroom NSFW
Never Assume Fellow Redditers
compulsively vomiting and s etting off the smoke alarm while trying to spit out my Uvula.
agreeing to meet a childhood friend of my boyfriends
I pooped behind a trash can.
calling one Asian celebrity another Asian celebrity to his face for five minutes straight
eating food without salt while taking care of an iguana that I don't own
(NSFW)  having a threesome with my wife
joking about Asperger Syndrome with a client.
By realizing the Amazon delivery guy had pulled up...
I left wasabi on the counter while I ran out to pick up my husband for work.
stealing my teachers remote controller during a field trip
shaving my legs (Guy)
not getting my taxes done on Friday like I wanted to, because I decided to wait until Monday. Now the tax help site that I go to is closed until further notice. And oh, yeah, I'm a retail worker.
almost dying in quicksand
knocking out a hotel employee
scream singing half naked in my house thinking I was home alone.
using rat and mouse bait instead of poison.
accidentally sending an explicit message to a random person
trying to save money buying bulk.
jumping onto my bed and staining my sheets and my favorite hoodie with kimchi
loosing my erection.
going to sleep with a butt plug. Woke up a few hours later and couldn't find it anywhere, you are probably guessing right on where it went.
when my friend (and sort of me) got caught in a lie by our professor
sending a weird nude pic to my female friend
opening snapchat in class
turning my webserver into a “honeypot”
not realizing my zoom mic was unmuted
ruining one of my wife's childhood memories
taking Miralax four days in a row
helping my family move then almost cracking my skull
Losing My Friends
betting £50 my manager at subway he couldn’t pick up a girl in subway
So when I gave a debriefing to a room filled with badass and authoritative women.
hugging my GF in her sleep
What should I do if my friend wants to jump me over dating his sister
kissing my dog
Cutting Chilli's and Not Fully Washing Hands Before Going to the Toilet, I Burnt my PeePee!
mocking a stranger and nearly bleeding out
Buy Profile Backlinks - Buy Google Fast Page Ranking
talking dirty to my GF
Today I Fucked Up by playing undertale
removing the NSFW settings for Reddit on my phone.
sniffing my girlfriends younger sisters panties NSFW
searching Hitachi on amazon with my dad
realizing that I was the guy who f*kced your mom
not realizing I mistyped my email when purchasing a product
LPT :  opening a box of playmobil from my childhood with my kids
making a slit on my eyebrow?
manscaping for the first time ever
unintenionally hurting the feelings of my (24/f) fuckbuddy (29/m).
serving my toenail clippings to my fiancée... twice
Amateurs having sex manage to fuck up a fair bit
ordering food delivery while breastfeeding.
sharing my SSN?
my making my parents thinking I was giving my number to a stranger
I busted up my dad's car a month after he got it
my face by trying to take a monitor off of a gas spring robot arm by myself.
not knowing what a casting couch was
taking a massive shit
freezing and not helping after my buddy got into accident while checking out a girl
saying 'Booby Time' in front of my friend's three year old
in life in general
using too much soap
getting on the wrong plane
not having my phone charged
flexing to a long time friend about my game since it turns out, she liked me and eventually wanted a relationship.
falling down the stairs
stating my stepmonster’s brother is gay.
eating porridge wrong my entire life
waiting an extra day to respond to a girl
ejaculating in my dog
telling my cousin where meat really comes from
posting a silly meme about me, my dog and my wife.
supergluing my mouth closed
staying up for 20+ hours before an assessment and possibly embarrassing my classmate
posting my embarrassing story everywhere
scrolling through /r/all at the dinner table on my phone
running
Posting Racist Memes in Other Subs and Getting Called Out for It
trading a $20 Amazon Gift Card for a movie theater gift card... During a pandemic... When theaters are closed
complaining about Fresh Prince’s commentary on racism.
eating 25 spoons on peanut butter and go for a late night jogging..
attracting my mom into my hotboxed bedroom
consoling a close friend thinking her dog had passed away but it was actually her friend who had died by suicide
Telling A Blind Man To Take A Number And Get In Line.
spending $750,000 on heroin
adding ground clove instead of chili powder making tacos
pooping on my wife’s new and expensive hair care product.
giving a coworker my number at work
telling someone they’re too drunk to come into the bar
hoping for more interesting jury duty cases
almost fucking my husband to death...
playing porn audio on the family bluetooth speaker
destroying part of Australia
Ashamed of the smell of my own poop
dropping the F-bomb
busting the fattest nut in my life
running till my d*ck started bleeding (maybe NSFW?)
showing too much faith and trying to sell a room
not being able to eat soup in front of the Headmaster and my crush.
inviting my boss to a strip show.
I 35(M) fucked up by telling my boss that I have 275k put away (kinda).
not checking what I copied
realizing how my past and fears have ruined my life
i cut my finger before work and ripped my pants at work.
doing the sexy sex sex
doxxing people.
accidentally giving my parents adderall before bed.
- I enjoy being happy in dangerous ways, and sometimes, stupid hurts.
hanging a teddy bear

letting my wife swallow after I've been on a multiple day olive binge.
passing on a job in the game industry.
killing Murray Franklin
leaving one of my favourite food on the corner of the counter while walking my Dogs.
What actual positive thing happened to you because of Corona?
giving some woman the impression that I (42F) was masturbating in my car in the parking lot of a grocery store in broad daylight.
not understanding right a slang phrase in English
While holding a bag of coffee, I spilled a little bit of it. I bent to clean it up and spilled a ton more.
Mom found the jizz rag.
masturbating after making hot sauce
searching "large black and white nipples" instead of "large black and white ripples" on christian organizations laptop
feed my baby from one side for too long
“simping” for my crush
trying to dance despite 0 skill and 0 warmup
stepping on glass while high and repeatedly stabbing myself
accidentally telling my teacher to throw ping pong balls at me
sending something i shouldnt have to my class groupchat
letting my kid in my room
accidentally nicking my left ear shaving
putting Icy hot cream on my balls...
about forgetting about a dildo in the bathroom
letting the cat out of the basement
spamming my college WhatsApp groups with inappropriate material.
getting a surprise Blowjob
drinking
incurring a penile fracture....
Today I actually f***ed up
getting baited into going to a church event for pizza while high
taking pick up line advice from Elon Musk.
cooking absent mindedly
accidentally telling my little brother our dad attempted suicide when he was young while on acid.
engaging in a conversation with a woman from my past, but had no intention of cheating, and got caught
running around with a wig head.
being excited to eat fruit
missing an important gig
nearly drowning in a pool of chickens waste
taking CBD before a drug test
eating bad food
trying to make a scavenger hunt for my brother.
being an idiot in 7th grade, and try to get someone to hate me
charging an Onlyfans subscription on a shared credit card with my wife.
looking through my girlfriend's google drive to make an engagement scrapbook for her, and instead finding a sex tape and nudes from her ex
trying to play a prank on my coworker and accidentally charged my employer a ton of money
being super obvious about crushing on a girl.
Not Preparing For My Dream Job Interview
leaving items from Bad Dragon out for the movers to pack away
I didn’t but tommorow
getting sick and ruining my own proposal
letting people think my son is going to be the second coming of Jesus.
By giving my Best Friend enough hope in thinking I’d like for him to Blow Me
pressing the silent panic button at work.
reaching out to a friends friend that was gay and thought i was hot
having hash and throwing up on my boyfriend while at the train station.
(NSFW)  sending my dick to a 16 year old...
trying to kill a spider and now it's in my bedroom
picking up roofing nails on the road
forgetting where I hid my lace lingerie
so bad that I changed into pj's with the door open forgetting that I don't live alone.
being so desperate for a girl back I sent her multiple videos of me singing love songs for her, and in the end she friend zoned me. AMA
letting myself fall down of a climbing wall.
giving 130$ I found at a supermarket ATM to the cashier
realizing America named itself
By sending a dick pic to the group chat
going at it too hard
asking to try on underwear before purchase at a retail garment store.
making one of my wife's friends cry
Should change name to r/TIF. Would accurately reflect majority of post.
slipping in front of 20 people and CCTV
trying to make chicken burgers and giving my family food poisoning
trying to meet the Fed Ex man to refuse delivery.
passing out drunk on the footpath.
breaking our bedroom door
being naked infront of half of the school staff.
snapping at my only friend
18 F) by telling a creepy nerd (33 M) my actual location when he revealed that he has murderous fantasies directed at me
“Now we can’t even breath”, then don’t do it
texting my mom.
choking on my own spit
making a ligma joke with a teacher
not teaching my son basic life skills
crying when doing an oral test
having too much sex
staying up all night, AGAIN
Embarrassed myself.
messing up my Pre-Job Interview
wearing a convict Halloween costume and then Accidentally walking past a Burglary at 4am
changing my pants
telling a joke in front of an autistic kid.
using a Bluetooth speaker for the first time for a Zoom meeting.
writing my girlfriend a poem to cheer her up
putting a message in my works group chat.
sending a dragon dildo pic to my guild’s discord when I’m the GM.
slipping on a banana peel
losing an ear

mixing up Viagra with blood pressure medicine
trying to give my senior kitty a spot to bask in the sun.
TIFY by sneezing blood onto my pillow wearing new underwear
Tablet
texting my mom a link to a kinky subreddit
taking by not reading the pill bottle before I took a double dose..
getting kicked out of a motel under police supervision and thereby teaching a class from a car
spending 4 hours on Reddit
forgetting to put on my radiator cap.
I was having sexphone when my momma came in my room
ordering concert tickets for a venue 1200 miles away
coming across as a racist at an African wedding
sending a dirty message wasting hours on editing stuff together
so badly!
sleepwalking out of my hotel room
telling my girlfriend what I did before Christmas.
I Accidentally got Hot Sauce in my Eye via Mousetrap.
when I quit my steady job to work in a high paid restaurant which was immediately shut down for Covid 19
trying to impress my boyfriend
roughhousing with my husband
calling over a utility crew to smell cat poo
giving myself a new rectum and nearly burning down my flat
using a nickname on a dating app
telling my family at the dinner table that I had sent nudes once
I eveteased a girl 15 years ago and got kicked out of hostel, and still I'm facing its repercussions.
putting off cleaning up after myself after VERY kinky time
leaving TeamViewer on while I watched an educational video
moving to a foreign country and getting stuck
going back to help the homeless guy I fucked
telling my friend he had a nice red rocket.
hopping a fence
using duck🦆 feathers to get a boner.
selling my chances of financial freedom
breaking the 100+ year old wooden table which was owned by my ancestors.
throwing a Taco Bell Cup full of pee onto my friend's roof
Crashed the car
making perfect coffee.
Remember to always cut your nails NSFW
exposing my toilet paper bra when I was in middle school.
I  fucking my thumb up
sending a rude email to my manager
not paying attention to the contents of my bathroom
Today I fucked up, streaming to 800k followers by accident.
I sharded my uvula
Forgot to change my address, missed an important delivery
buying decaf coffee
not Masturbating for a Week
streaking in college
not searching exactly what I was looking for (nsfw)
with an unintentional sexual innuendo at corporate workplace.
accidentally sending a nude to a classmate
flossing.
checking Twitter.
accidentally putting my real name on my throwaway snap account
falling asleep after my post-orgasm dopamine high.
Getting Banned From a Discord Server Due to Pedophilia
throwing up in school while high
making jokes about cancer
Moving a rat trap because I was too tired to deal with it.
letting a catfish scam $100 from me
having a wet ass pussy
eating a lot of edibles and my farts and shit smelling like absolute dank.
eating an edible before starting my shift
pouring food in my month
as I went off my medication because it is so damn expensive and it is already giving me trouble
Blue or black? Idk
trying to leave in a hurry
underestimating my microwave
asking my girlfriend for head in the garden, and thankfully only getting fired for it
Looking Up My Dad's Crimimal History
scratching my asshole and sniffing it while on videochat with my bf
telling a blind man "May we see each other again" and I just know that this is gonna keep me awake at night for years
I'm Freaking Out Right Now
exercising too much, thus being diagnosed with a fatal muscle disorder
realizing what PETA is
going on r/normalnudes
rejecting a prostitute and getting robbed at gunpoint
trying to find "alone time" in quarantine.
butt dialing 911 during sex
getting my head stuck in a climbing frame
answering nature’s call...
having sexy time with my girlfriend at her parents house right before Thanksgiving dinner.
saying dumb stuff in a server saying dumb stuff in a server
learning about family
peeing all over myself and scooting in the dirt to cover it up
driving 550 miles to a funeral and forgetting my luggage.
more like Today i Fucked Up My Life
stealing my grandma's credit card and having phone sex
accidentally calling my neighbors son a beta male while talking to her
getting caught red handed ‘spanking the monkey’ to some questionable content, by my mother
thinking a PC could replace a Mac
LPT / asking out a girl and saying "nevermind, it was a joke lol"
trying to retrieve my phone from an adult.
thanking people for my first ever awards
telling my new supervisor she sucks and doesn't know anything during a microsoft teams meeting.
taking the battery out of my car keys to replace it.
accidentally insulting someone on a mobile game
I looked consciously at porn with my dad next to me...
getting locked outside my place of work
TIFOIFU that i leftmy ps4 on for 2 days straight
laughing at my (f) friends dead hamster
Breakfast that I made costs me a lot of money.
remembering when I first started my period.
searching "actor horse sex"
I asked a question it cost a friendship
projecting feels instead of my voice and being naive.
leaving the bathroom door open while enjoying a bath and my cat jumped in the tub
Soap burning my dick
reading the lyrics to Hentai
mistaking salt for sugar
but texting my friends.
making pizza
trying to spank my cat
jacking off with hand sanitizer.
Accidentally left the regional border which is currently illegal
having the secxsy time and fucking up
not working at Publix
ordering food delivery
sleeping through half of the work day
reading the  reading my grandpa the about a boyfriend reading his girlfriend the about a mother telling her child that Bob Ross is dead.
going to Canada and almost missing my flight.
reading a and accidentally figuring out my dad isn't my dad.
displaying pictures of Taylor Swift dressed in latex clothing in front of my supervisor at uni
asking can I shower in your bathroom seconds after meeting them at their place.
dropping my engagement ring down the tub drain
being sexually tense and constipated
letting a horse make me his bitch.
getting paralyzed
when I got a new phone
I kissed a guy, thinking I was set up with him. Little did I know .. he was actually dating my best friend!
reminding the teacher about homework.
trying to pick my son up from the wrong party
mom found my cum Bottle
having rough sex with my ex-girlfriend and breaking her ribs
eating a chip
writing what I meant as a pregnancy reveal letter to my husband and he assumed I had a miscarriage
Pink Himalayan salt face scrub benefits
curiosity killing the cat and eventually getting a mild existential/moral crisis.
putting menthol pain releasing cream on my asshole
I am conflicted on how to move forward
waffle-stomping my shit down my sister-in-law's shower.
Some music I heard when I was high that made me really paranoid
trying to give the garbage guy an attaboy
Teacher Pregnancy
using gorilla glue to jack off. NSFW
yelling all day eating rice
selling an iMac.
Hi guys, im new 🌽. Some people sent me here to answer any cuestions... Can you help me?
shouting the wrong phrase at a VERY wrong time.
TIFI from a misclick
posted all over reddit on my birthday, hoping someone would wish me a "happy cake day" and being disappointed when nobody said anything.
confessing to my ex
costing my parents $600
buying a new tank for my gecko
splashing hot pancake batter on my face
losing my license because of monkey socks
not checking the washing that my 2yo had so kindly put in the basket.
Biscuit mic
Telling My Daughter Chocolate Helps Cramps
sending my dream job a picture of Zero Suit Samus instead of my resume
Landlords probably have know when I masturbated for the last 2 years
Getting My Entire Family Hooked on Reddit
trying to get revenge on my roommate
IWNGITFCOSEWBONBWHJRWFABC
sending a picture to somebody i don’t know
telling my husband I’m making him a strawberry creme shake Not Realizing my Popular Location was Set to Russia
taking a customer's order
Crush accused me of sexual assault now wants me back
Got scammed for my 1000 in-game item.
hiding gummies in a vitamin bottle
backing my car up
thinking I irreversibly changed by body chemistry through Slim-Jim consumption.
helping someone’s car out of the snow
acting like a random 3 year old at the shops
stopping a dog fight
being severely depressed and accidentally sexually harassing a coworker
going on a date with a narcissist
on a rainy, muddy day before my job interview.
Using New Fabric Markers On Paper
eating to many melted ham and cheese sandwiches inadvertently commenting on the wrong post.
telling a customer put your car keys in me
Shit at dealing with my own emotions
getting literal shit everywhere, including my kitchen sink.
not reporting someone
giving my wife a gift 'to spice things up' as a joke
getting confused and taking pills
Accidental racist.
my sister hearing me smash
throwing a drop kick to Roger Moore's head in my sleep during a dream and destroying my big toe and toenail when my foot violently kicked the wall next to my bed.
dropping multiple F bombs and freaking out on a video interview
searching an inappropriate term on my mom’s MacBook
letting my 10 year old son to take my wife's menstrual cup for his show and tell
Broke 2 bongs within 5 minutes...
drinking ammonia from a bottle even though they told me not to touch it
forgetting to teach my kid what a dolphin was.
No WIFI or TV for 3 weeks
standing up to give way to a person sitting beside me on the bus
Taking A Titty Picture in a Photo Booth at an Ice Skating Rink (NSFW)
accidentally punching my fiancée while sleeping.
BF has OnlyFans charge on credit card account, is that cheating?
eating too many edibles because I didn’t think they were going to be strong
adding my mom's boyfriend on social media
showing who I am in my office
trying to eat a giant mint leaf
almost setting the house on fire.
sending porn to my mother
taking and edible, having sex and cumming for so long that I seriously injured my back
making my sister believe she was gonna die at 4am. Twice
when as a joke I entered my name as Super Tranny for the church kahoot and got second place
posting a meme
selling my house.
being completely naked in front of my SIL
accidentally disclosing someone’s pregnancy and ruining Christmas
living in a tiny apartment
not knowing how to breathe properly.
She can’t look at me now
trying to do more push ups than my can handle
Bear spray backfire
inadvertently paying £58 for a hair TRIM!!
sending the wrong document to the FBI
TİFU by falling flat on my face, getting mistaken for a wasted bike rider, and having a bad language mishap that resulted in me falsely reporting an assult
Don't piss off paranoid schizophrenics.
teaching my kid to trust fall on the count of 3
ruining a cake
letting my kids play outside.
eating seafood on anal night
dumping piss on myself
eating too many granola bars.
DUI question and why not to do prescription drugs for fun.
leaving my door unlocked while my girlfriend was over NSFW
finding a dildo in the water heater room
not washing my clothes for an entire year
calling the police on domestic dispute
not closing my blind
sending my mum porn by accident sending my mum porn by accident
Open request, can we limit the sex stories to weekends only
having a heated political discussion with my mother.
having loud rough sex without realizing parents were home.
I dun fucked up.
letting my roommate drink from my pee bottle and accidentally mocking him for it in front of my friend
texting and driving
by being aggressive when getting head
Grades
giving the wrong actress name in front of all my family
mentioning my brother...one too many times
telling my baby momma she's a piece of shit
Today I still cringe, close enough to
R/ internalizing actual panic attacks for a year
taking a walk through nature to "Get out of my shell"
repeatedly sneezing on everyone's dinner.
drinking am infused old fashioned.
I got angry at my mum, and then 3 hours later she found out her friend has died
getting caught asking for nudes
Pooping Too Hard
yawning too hard and ending up in the ER
during my exam
drinking my third cup of coffee at 12AM.
locking myself out of my own phone
and spent all my stimulus money on meth.
seriously underestimating my twin toddlers
Help me! I’m an idiot!
staring
having sex at my grandmothers house.
calling my girl ugly
leaving my window open while I slept in
spilling a pot of coffee into my kitchen drawers.
learning what screen mirroring on Apple TV is.
trying to do laundry
eating undercooked eggs at work
accidentally ingesting LSD on a school trip on a train
misinterpreting the effects losing an embryo has on a woman's emotions.
telling my teacher about no nut November
trying to unclog the toilet
not closing my door
What is time.
I said a bad joke at lunch
arguing with the girl I like after she admits that she hates me
trying to make leftover fried oil soap
walking into a strangers home
thinking that "a,s,l" meant something else in online chats.
Pocketknife thru tsa
getting my jeans pulled down at the store getting my pants yanked down in public
getting my cousin a job and him completely ruining and making myself look bad
not know how PlayStation 5 controllers work
not going to the bathroom before getting on a bus.
mixing up my sister’s boyfriends and getting beat within an inch of my life.
pissing during sex with my new hot Tinder date
getting a nose bleed during sex
bbsn
trying to amp things up in the bedroom
telling my dad a “joke” about how I think he regrets having kids
losing my phone to Rainbow Tylenol
I cut into my scrotum and I’m only 18
waking and baking
When the CEO and the cops called me
trusting an online prostituteDid anyone fuck up by going on anxiety/depression meds and now never feel right again?
burning my balls.
attempting to ease my sore throat and causing the worst pain of my life.
buying a paper disk copy of COD modern warfare
standing up too quickly from lying down only to Black-out collapse onto the ground
TIFFU by sharing too much about my online dating
I think my parents just heard me having sex
volunteering for my grandpa
not looking carefully at my test questions
having sex with one of my best friends
bringing a customer lemons
GO FUCK YOURSELF WITH THE TIFUS THAT DIDNT HAPPEN TODAY
DUDE SEX LMAO
my friend's engagement by playing Link's Awakening
showing my boyfriend my album of him sleeping
Forgetting Where I Put My Glasses (Kind of Long)
thinking that eating a small amount of a Ghost Chilli would lessen the effect
Inconspicuous vibrator
making plans for tomorrow and then staying up too late (on reddit of course)
really really really bad.
putting sour milk in the microwave
shooting my sister in the foot
playing loads of forntie
masturbating in the privacy of my own room
being a total asshole to kids...
not knowing how to turn on my Nintendo Switch.
telling someone I had kids when I don't
stepping in dog shit, and scared.
ending a years long friendship over a stupid comment
going number two.
choking at a legendary studio on a live session
Jrjrjrj
letting an unwelcome visitor into my pants.
Dakota
being a lazy bastard and getting investigated by cops
opening a water gun
letting my friend ride my bike!
almost dying from grass
letting my younger brother close the door.
posting a photo of my naked boobs on my instagram story for all 2k of my followers to see.
sending my girlfriends beloved Pokémon to purgatory.
because I got into a relationship with a thief
My brother fucked up by making a girl think he was gay, just because he was wing manning a friend to social gathering. He is in absolute disbelief.
giving a friend of mine my ex best friend/crush’s number.
shitting my pants
letting an egg grenade explode in my face
Tifub lying to a friend and and hurting her
telling my little brother that hamburger meat is really human meat.
TIFUpdate Felix monogram mess-up, possible discovery of me wanting to cross-dress
ignoring stomach pains before going with the in-laws for lunch
being friendly with a girl with serious boundary issues
getting up to fast while sick
Not to lie
calling my girlfriend heavy(she’s not)
I accidentally cracked my friend's phone screen
going to a competition
accidently telling the couple that owns my gym to "have a nice Gay!"
showing 'borderline personality disorder' very clearly in the only tab when I was showing something to friends in a zoom meeting
microwaving a brownie
trying to be MacGyver
"Sexting" All of the Parents on my Sons Baseball Team.
drinking water in nightstand from last night
thinking I was about to make a combat jump in Iraq
looking under one of the stalls in the men's restroom at work. Just Happened...
calling my fiancé the worst word imaginable.
leaving my vibrator in the bathroom cabinet.
blowing off half my leg
trying to be romantic
buying KY at Walmart.
not knowing I'd turned the microphone on.
getting myself banned on jacksepticeye's Discord server
drinking so much water that I got water intoxication when preparing to pee on my boyfriend
leaving my go bag in plain sight
smoking a spliff in front of my parents
I WORK AT RESTAURANT. YOU MOCK ME YOU PAY I WORK AT RESTAURANT I OWN THE WHOLE TOWN UP HERE, A RESTAURANT I DO BUISNESS, GOOD WORK GOOD MONEY YOU PAY ME, YOU TAKE FOOD, GET OUT OF S THE BOSS WILL SEE THIS
accidentally making a really weird joke
Today I fucked up by helping a bitch friend with her depression and telling a school counselor so she could stop her suicide attempt
Got hooked into sports gambling and started staying up late, then fell asleep at work on first day of a new boss.
turning off my crush when I performed a vehicular hit and run in front of him.
having two microphones
not going to my full license test
thinking I was good at English
I was late to work, left early, and tried to lie about it all.
I found an apple watch
watering myself and the bed and then sleeping on both of us
using baby powder on my balls
trying to open a box of kool-aid jammers with scissors
getting absolutely stoned and fucking up the name of a commonplace health product
making an Instagram acount for my sin
using ancestry and finding out my distant family
throwing a shoe at a duck
I climbed into the wrong bed
accidentally insinuating my best friend is ugly and she would have no chance of winning prom queen.
accidentally liking a girl on tinder who I used to work with
leaving shit in the sink for my grandmother to find
killing a frog confusing it for a insect
turning my hair the wrong colour.
bodyslamming my highschool crush and ruining any chances with her
sharing undies with my lover's ex-wife
forgetting my apartment has active viewings
Zip tie
Zoom bombing my class
messing around with my dads new smart watch and finding out which porn he watches
Pooping on conference call
sicking Spock on my bf
reusing old shelves to make a planter
attempting to promote myself
washing my laundry in rotten mouse detergent
taking too much cough syrup.
(#) snitching on myself
Second fuck up in a week...
trying a menstrual cup
Reference said to the wrong person pouring milk in the water spot on my Keurig.
so hard I was able to touch my skull.
opening up my hentai stash while on sharescreen mode in skype with a student.
speaking inappropriately around my child
not prefacing myself on the rules of r/whatisthisthing
catching a frog
when my oven caught on fire &amp; filled the house with smoke because I got distracted cooking &amp; my smoke alarm failed..
messing with my SD card and accidentally deleting all of my son's baby pictures.
flashing snapchat
One ESL speaker’s confession
having sex with my boyfriend while parked in his housing community
LPT I accidentally sent incest porn to my mother
getting Heat Rash in the fall (probably NSFW)
opening the door
urinating myself during a sleep paralysis episode... waking up my very understanding grandparents...
POINT OF NO RETURN
thinking I was invincible while riding my Bird scooter and rode right into metal bars busting my lip wide open!
getting wasted for my girlfriend’s birthday
Mask full of mayonnaise
kissing my gf in a playground
Jacking off and spraying blood on carpet
sending someone an offensive meme
not speaking properly
when I told my mom that the set of briefs she found was my dad's when it was for my casual partner
flashing my husband...and my son
using a word, not knowing it has another meaning.
getting tentacular mixed up with testicular
letting my boss use my phone and now she thinks I like sticking stuff up my anus.
Showing my tits at work
eating someone else’s food
getting caught jerking off
going through my friends computer and his mom scarring me for life
getting too high and creeping out a young girl
trying weed for the first time and "Greened Out"
on the school bus
rejuvenating my face
making a joke in a groupchat
I talked about butts with my teacher
thinking this is a sfw sub
doing the sexy too hard
working a couple hours off the clock for the dollar tree
trying to surprise my husband with a clean car
burning down a playground
by making my parents think something was dead in my bedroom
getting lost after declaring I wouldn't
blocking all my friends
drinking alcohol while being on antibiotics
lying to my boyfriend's grandmother for no good reason.
I thought I was doing something nice for my friend with benefit by letting him oops me
the sex 😣
Removing post about how bad is this sub is a dick move, mods
using a latex condom...I'm allergic to latex
sending my mom a sex meme
Confronting My Parents I'm Not Part Snake. UPDATE
taking a lost dog to the vet.
telling my girlfriend that she is complaining about her family to much and I have it worst.
speaking my thoughts out loud on accident
making my sister shit her pants.
tearing my penis’ hymen
posting to r/relationship_advice about our problems
sucking blood from my nose with a vacuum.
spraying warm butt water on my fiancé in the shower and losing the promised sexy time that was to follow.
when my mother found bag full of jizzed clothes
trying too hard to be healthy
touching my boyfriend’s pee
is a smut fan fiction sub and the mods here are really into pathetic censorship
giving my boyfriend a blowjob in the shower
my date
making a driver turn during rush-hour
using the wrong company for an assignment
making up fake stories and getting a lot of karma
YIFU - Poster
Today I fucked up by not treating my Lymes Disease for the last 5 years.
trying to multitask
getting road rage
not being afraid of the dark and being afraidof my father in law (fIL)
asking out the girl I love.
asking the CEO of three multinational companies to see her bank statements, resulting at her screaming at my colleague.
letting my friend know the password for my Reddit account
not washing hands before using the toilet
trying to surprise my wife
biting the tip of my boyfriends penis off.
telling an off color story in front of my conservative mother (Probably NSFW)
when I didn't realize my right nut was my right nut.
accidentally hooking up with someone who was my cousin
getting together at work @ 6am with my mgmt, team members, &amp; China team to celebrate CNY only to get black out drunk and throw up everywhere.
playing ball in the house
telling my class a story about a kid who masturbated
watching a video of a woman joining her dog on its dogbed.....
wearing a butt plug to the airport
farting and blowing my cover
telling my BF to choke me harder
not booking a bus
making my parents think I am Suicidal NSFW
having to tell corporate that I made vagina hands with multiple people in the department
using peanut butter during sex.
laughing at my sister's poor friend
letting my sister enter a bookmark into a school contest
letting my mom use my phone
taking a bad joke too far with my girlfriend
reading a post about someone who shaved their tongue off with a razor
I accidentally sent a insult to a random person
getting agreeing to get our son a pellet gun
I cut my baby hairs and made myself bald
Peace to chaos
drinking isopropyl rubbing alcohol
while trying to seduce my BF
drinking 3 large coffees whilst on Adderall the night before my morning 8:30 exam
not noticing my drowning nephew next to me
naming my child a racially charged name
looking at the boobs of a coworker and they noticed
trying to show my boss an important checklist
explaining some history to my boss
ordering an uber
taking a shower?
peeling a scratch-off code
masturbating for 4 hours straight
End of the year, been unemployed but didn't seek benefits and now I'm out of savings.
Students should be telling him
comparing my foreskin to an obstacle course
I just read the label
THEY SAY NEVER STICK YOU DICK IN CRAZY..WELL YESTERDAY I GOT TO KNOW WHY THEY SAY IT !!
Wondering what the whole fuss about closing doors on fingers was, and then testing on my own finger
calling a woman old and seemingly forgetting her name
rescuing drowning friend
drinking rainwater that had a dead toad rotting in it
touching my balls after eating jalapeño poppers
by accidentally getting high off of weed in school
looking at engagement rings while signed into my google account.
helping a guy while he was in the process of stealing a car
deciding to take my meds without water.
creating a mini-misogynist and starting a violent feminist uprising in my preschool classroom
conditioning myself to get aroused when I see Gordon Ramsay
getting my nipple panini-pressed by slaming a drawer shut
using an NNN meme as my WhatsApp profile picture
meowing at my cat during a meeting
eating paint in front of my date
mixing up my medication at 2AM
sneezing and banging my head on a wall edge
trying to sort my sexual frustration
saying a funny joke at a party
relapsing on Xanax pills
giving a rub to my crush and then texting him in order to repeat it.
forgetting to put my dogs in the basement.
stubbing my toe...again.
Lighting a Candle
going afk without covering myself
Corporate Censorship
going to get a coffee
farting while the fan was on and gassing my husband out of the bedroom. (Nsfw)
not wishing my friend a happy birthday at 12.00 am
trying DIY Brazilian wax
ruining my chances of getting my dream job.
sharing a portrait I made with a romantic interest and creeped her all the way out
thinking Caillou was a show about a boy with cancer and his experiences with it for my ENTIRE LIFE.
pissing all over my coworkers' clothes
kidnapping a cat.
attempting to lower a Force Field
dropping my phone in a diarrhea-filled toilet
using sh*ty software
getting habanero essence in my lady bits.
reading a bunch of posts that didn't actually happen today.
whistling at a new mother.
when my love of hot food got the better of me.
not reading the contract clearly
getting my van stuck backwards on the side of a cliff edge / almost lost it over the edge
Accepting then Rejecting a Date with My Crush
drinking my own tadpoles NSFW
being easily distracted in the bathroom
making an inappropriate joke to my nurse
not taking out my menstrual cup
not supervising my new cat in a new environment.
letting other students use my wifi.
being a member of the master race
suggesting a way for my partner clean permanent marker off their arm after a protest.
leaving my phone on top of my car after filling the gas tank
sending an employer a premature text
being a catfish, and all I feel now is misery
kicking my nose in and giving myself a fear of jumping boards.
walking my dog
When I Barbecued My Daughter's Homework
forgetting to take money and embrassing myself
mixing up two chat windows
watching porn in my girlfriends bathroom
taking the wrong pills on the bedside table
Smashing my friends phone down a toilet
pretending to be someone else while texting a friend
drinking Redbull before riding home with family and almost peeing myself while crying (NSFW)
texting lyrics to my friend, then consequently getting my hair shaved.
sexing sex sex
Bol game show head office
posting my car blog here?
throwing a girl's shoe into a huge muddy puddle and tripping over some other girl
roller skating inside my house
asking my crush to pick me up from a table dance club
impaling my eye on something I literally should have seen coming
ordering at wendys.
TIFUpdate to the "not having sex in the bedroom" debacle
thinking my vitamins were my allergy medicine.
renting a video 8 years ago
ordering a laptop on amazon and cancelling over a mistake on the order
not having a Canada Goose (v Goose)
well actually my grandpa)
tryong to fix headset I recieved from work
Edibles got me again
not learning how to drive.
TIL Wax paper and parchment paper are not the same
Wet My Pants A Little
using a google phone
playing a gross joke on my wife
GETTING CAUGHT BY MY GIRLFRIENDS MOM
taking my boyfriend’s mom’s baby Yoda
Almost got my friends beaten up over a campfire
talking about my boyfriend’s cock on a group chat that his sister is in
cleaning a phone.
for letting my husband ski with my shitty ski gloves
wearing a dirty mask
posting this story to WritingPrompts and getting permanently banned from the sub
A couple days ago actually) In A Lovely Discord Server Because I'm A Grammar Nazi | TL;DR Included
falling asleep with my meds in my mouth.
leaving two bills unattended near an open window...
accidentally taking my adderall before bed instead of the melatonin i was trying to take
im prolly goin to jail
microwaving garlic bread
Snotting on my wife
coughing in a public area.
thinking with my other head.
smoking weed indoors during quarantine
Giving Myself Strep by Giving a Blowjob
getting Bamboozled by my daughter
puking in a guy’s car on our second date
showing my best friend’s dad a provocative pic of me
peeing in a cup than having to force myself to drink all of it in front of my girlfriend who also drank it without knowing.
going to a gender reveal party.
shredding $2000
attempting a mock election with my 3rd grade class.
putting my gf's mother into hospital
I pissed my pants
"pranking" my bully by taking a dump in his yard
injuring my neck
deciding to pee in the stall instead of the urinal
Hooking Up on Tinder
My teacher looked at a email that said Worship BBC🤯
telling my husband about my sex dream
leaving the shop floor when we had a customer
on a Russian website
breaking a good friends trust
broke my hand during an argument with mum by punching the wall.
By baking bread...
buying milk
my accidentally lending my friend a hair brush that I used to comb my pubes
ordering a tow on my dying neighbors caregiver
not wearing my retainers.... (for a long time)
not brushing my teeth because of quarantine
showing my brother my shit
rubbing chilli on my eyes
throwing my underwear into the toilet.
confronting a bump in the night
MY girlfriend fucked me by money
losing a discord user
publishing a book so stupid...
for lying I graduated college.
perpetrating a non-consensual First Communion
for trying to drink and drive.
telling a family member about my cousin (M) putting things in his ass.
sex sex sex sex sex sex
turning on the cheat codes in Mario Slam Basketball instead of off, and then turning them back off again.
drunkenly talking about my medical problems at a party. gushing about my boyfriend’s dead dog
insulting a customer for being poor
forgetting to end a call with HR
using peppermint oil in jacking off
holding kittens in my jacket.
trying to recreate the Slide Knee being an idiot and injuring my friend during this pandemic.
donating plasma
waking up my family at 11PM with Spanish flea.
getting ready for school at 2am
leaving a dildo out when a workman came out and then texting him about it.
sexting a married woman
accidentally offering someone a handjob
baking a kiwi cheesecake for my lactose intolerant friend.
accidentally trippin balls bc of my yeast infection
making airport security think I was a hitman to kill my Destiny clanmate
not asking a girl I’m talking to about her relationship experience, after she asked me what my experience was
making old fashioned pop corn.
when my dog ate weed
F4rting in PE
By taking Amitriptyline to sleep!
accidentally sounding like a racist birdman in company call
having sex with my gf. Our 9 week old was puppy sleeping at the foot of the bed we were on.
card declined at in n out
blasting anime moans infront of my ultra conservative grandparents
at a robotics tournament
replying to a Snapchat Snap
I'm afraid to go to school tomorrow
going to work with a hangover
watching porn
making my mom think I was watching porn earlier this morning
when I listened to a video sent by a friend
accidentally setting my friend's computer on fire via Garry's Mod
getting caught by my dad while masturbating
getting my former best friends' car crushed. trying to kill birds
TFI by lying about having caught the chicken pox before
TIFI by trusting a fart
eating a bag of Doritos
giving the wrong dog's ashes to a dog owner
not telling my boyfriend that the sex was causing me a lot of pain
not knowing what a Gameboy is
being socially awkward
I poured water in my ear now its behind my eardrum
tofu by throwing boiling water on the guy I like
getting suspended for watching p0rn on my school google account
letting my morbid thought escape my mouth a bit too loud
sharing someone's contact to another person.
eating expired fish.
saying “Hi” to my GRANDMA
clogging my right ear
underestimating my food intolerance
updating my apps
hoarding all the cherries
removing my cpu
not wearing gloves while cutting over a pound of Habaneros
cooking jalapenos while high
grabbing a handful of my roommates pubes
breaking an (apparently expensive) dish when trying to make a joke
breaking a bank's coin counting machine with a car wash token.
locking my door and going to sleep
being too dehydrated for sex
being a self-respecting citizen
throwing a ball in my room
accidentally screen sharing Minecraft
exiting out of my Fandango purchase after my phone froze before payment
making everyone at school think I ran away
asking my female friend for sexy time instead of my fiancee
with something small but still hurts.
trying to ring in the New Year with some bubbly
My joke went too far for my MU
pulling out my adult tooth with a jolly rancher
being lazy and not working from home
canceling over a thousand medical orders
Your Best offer League of Legends (Birth day gift)
tucking in my strings to my shorts.
locking my debit card
telling my boss I’d drink his menstrual juice...
playing a Dj set from my balcony
abusing drugs and the internet
losing my best friend.
not asking for the money sooner
sending NSFW pics to Amazon
accepting a tip from a customer and getting my ass fired
helping someone on the side of the road
NSFW Plumbing
not remembering to knock over the "poop spire" in my outhouse.
doing it in the pool on family vacation
Ever farmed pests accidentally?
taking a lethal dose of Chlorpheniramine
saying no to my female supervisor’s invitation to attend a conference at a posh restaurant
TIFI by opening my parents bedroom door
but I am unsure what I did wrong??
I'm bald, and I kinda regret it.
Burned my schlong
looking under my bed
attempting to kill a spider with my breath
asking to see my manager's pictures. BEING UNMUTED IN CLASS PLEASE HELP Oh God this just happened I was unmuted while in class
assuming my girlfriend wasn’t interested in me
By insulting the one legged girl I really like.
embarrassing myself with my stupidity
shi***ing the bed
Repeatedly Saying The Wrong Word During An Important Meeting
carrying my pocket size sketchbook with me which contained all my secrets for the last one year to a friends gathering
meeting my neighbor and accidently intruducing him to my genitals.
Lose weight easy
having a wank in the bathroom.
sexy sex sex penis womem boob sex sex cum sex!!!!11!
unvoluntarily setting on a vibrating sextoy in presence of my step-family
wiping away period blood on a towel and forgetting to put the towel away
while playing with my toddler (14mos) at the beach
leaving my purse open
comparing my history teacher’s son to a dictator
being loud in the university library
ordering two pizzasI thought George Floyd was Stephen Jackson
Accidentally my nose bled twice today
wearing a tube top
not locking the door
leaving my door slightly ajar with a dog still inside
Today I Fucked Up by needing to go to the bathroom.
inviting my friends to an orgy
leaving a special item in my parents bathroom
using hotdog buns as Toilet Paper
telling my previous suicidal friend “learn to cut loser”
for wearing the wrong shoes while on vacation.
trying to find a roadkill cat’s owner and delivering him home
releasing toxic fumes in my apartment
falling down the stairs whilst holding my baby
not hoarding toilet paper with the other idiots
SKITTLE-SLAW
shooting cum all over my sister's face
accidentally revealing I was bisexual to my little brother
eating pussy intensely
breaking into my dad's house on my birthday and he called the police
poisoning myself while trying to eat health
not realizing sexual boundaries at age 12
pretending I’m straight and making a ton of friends in an online community that is about to have a local get together and I am gay AF
laughing out loud while giving CPR
Taking Spicy Pictures
Ring of Firing Myself
leaving my preworkout drink in the office fridge
going head over heels for a caterpillar
in the Euthanasia of my beloved cat.
with the swim of shame
pretty much abusing my boyfriend’s son.
taking a creep pic of my sister
give 10$ from my own money to support a long time friend. And lost my girlfriend.
giving a junkie a fist bump at the courthouse
Saying "Love you too" to a person I've been dating for a month
almost chocking my penis to death.
drinking water and it caused a school wide panic
eating too much food with artificial flavours
getting my mom the wrong sized gift
accidentally swallowing a chicken bone.
watching the movie CATS
Failed at last exam
not remembering my account number for Fate Grand Order
going on a profanity filled road rage rant after forgetting I just dialed my mom’s number
flashing my ass on a Zoom meeting
scaring children...
not mentioning my photography rate
with an ill timed joke
spending the night at my parent's house on Christmas eve
when my horse trailer fell off the hitch on the highway
doing for a smoke break outside, at the exact wrong time.
when I sent an explicit to the wrongest person possible.
when I tried to flirt with my wife
telling my friend i would date them when they were with someone else
assuming too much and exposing a cheater
making my car inoperable.
going for a dinner with my cousin
- almost - having sex with a minor. I'm 22.
forgetting Canada has it's own internet domains
getting dragged into a sex shop while having an overbearing mother
getting a job that was really a trap
eating a girl out while on her period
introducing my date to Overwatch
causing a fire service in the chemical industry I work for
sexing the sex in the sex up the sex
throwing a honey bun on a police car.
gouging part of my knee off
having a panic attack instead of kissing my crush
taking photos of the sunset
putting tretonin cream on my face
I made a joke about my friend’s mother, forgetting that she had passed away recently due to COVID-19
adjusting myself after making some nachos for the game.
but not learning an obvious lesson and eating subway.
clicking “play to TV” on pornhub and made my mom think our TV was hacked
parking in a bad spot for too long
accidentally peeing on my pants infront of my work colleagues
taking an ambien on a transatlantic flight
my credit card disputing a charge to a contractor for bad work without me telling them to, and now I'm paranoid the contractor will be retaliating.
Probably the biggest close call of my life
laughing loudly as our Cambodian hibachi chef was telling the table about his entire family being slaughtered by Pol-Pot.
using a moisturizing cream and giving myself an acne break our. Send me your prayers
Taking Cough Syrup
potentially destroying a child's innocence
taking a day off
almost hitting someone with a golf ball
I was queuing up in line. A motherfucker came inside to ask a question, took OFF his fucking mask to sneeze. Wrong place, wrong time.
thinking my cousin who I don't talk to could handle a position at my job
mailing myself back 4oz of weed and 1g of hash from Amsterdam using a hollowed-out peanut butter jar and 4 postcards.
trying to do laundry.
saying I don’t want to work with him on school work
REDDIT TELL ME WHY MY BROTHER AND HIS ROOMMATE SAW A PIC OF ME LICKING MY OWN BOOB
putting glass in my apple juice.
talking shit to my wife
ruining the month long tradition.
getting too crossfaded
pointing to a visually impaired person
not objecting to a wedding
messing with the bidet and causing a huge leak.
listening to my mother.
drinking coke before bed
getting caught masturbating in the bathroom at work
turning on the fan while rolling a spliff
showing my boss my boobs on video call while sitting on the toilet - and apologising
getting my girlfriend fired from her job
being seen in two places at one time
forgettingt o check if I got everything I need
getting hit by a car on a run
shredding a dissertation instead of stapling it.
hooking up with someone I met at a club
tearing my dick while girlfriend was jerking me off
Credit Card Madness
playing monkey king
shitting myself on my first week of high school
shitting in a toilet that's not really connected
not saving a mass murderer
wearing a wet shirt to beat the heat.
thinking cats shoot their whiskers during sex
Trying to bag a buck with a bag.
getting Invisalign and having a bad trip on cough syrup
trying to be funny while creating a new Account and almost ruining my relationship.
calling my friend's sister ugly
misplacing my fish oil supplement.
beating my wife and getting sexually assaulted in return
accidentally complimenting my new boss's tits
using a findom client’s credit card to buy a handbag
sticking a Qtip in my dick
trying to hook up with married woman
deciding to take nap this afternoon only to wake up to find my puppy chewed both of my hearing aids and broke my glasses.
letting someone steal $150 worth stuff I just purchased in a mall
TIDU by making an offensive joke in America studies
I'm so dumb. I just realized the idiom is to *blue* one's money, not to *blow"
I may have been unintentionally drinking stuff from my dick.
closing my car door on my thumb after doing almost the same thing to my pinky 2 months ago
helping my friend that was puking outside of a bar
staying in an anti-masker’s Uber and asking about his poetry
breaking my iPhone while trying to repair it and putting myself in danger
taking the wrong delivery while driving for DoorDash
exposing, then grabbing, my friend's erect penis in front of the entire school.
accidentally clamping my nipple with an eyelash curler
accidentally revealing my tattoo to my mum
i cussed in front of my religious dad, uncle and cousin
Facebook block my Website URL.
eating the forbidden Doritos at 3am
I said peepee on the phone
Leader de fermeture automatique au maroc
destroying my gran's funeral
consuming edibles during video chat
asking my mom a question
trying to make sushi with my boyfriend for the first time
being determined to have a burger for dinner
Hotel mistake
visiting Home Depot with a mask on
getting our heat and water shut off over a bath handle
coughing a little too hard
using hair remover for back and shoulders on my ass.
Never thought I’d have to post here, but
wanting to introduce my niece to reddit but accidently showing her a nsfw reddit
my complaining about my wife's family
walking down the stairs with slippers on
updating my resume drunk and making it seem like I was capable of world record typing speeds.
telling the story of Elmo the fascist
leave slime where my bunny could get it.
fapping to vr
"manicuring" my gums to fix my small teeth
eating a cookie while being mentally distracted
finally ordering a PS5 and typing in the wrong Zip code.
by leaving my vibrator in the shower
when i paid a sugar daddy for pictures of my own feet
ghosting my crush who likes me back
making out with a boy who is almost same age with my son
cuddling a kitten.
ignoring my cat who likes to eat and drink a lot
getting high for the first time
watching Pewdiepie
while cleaning the ice cream machine at workand lost my bowels in a storm drain in the parking lot of my local supermarket! NSFW
marrying my best friend
Power washing
looking under one of the stalls in the men's restroom at work...kinda just happened.
HELP I SENT A GAY SHREK PORNO TO MY 82yo GRANDMOTHER
not knowing my bag was open
being impatient
Tried to sleep with a 16 year old girl
Shanks
having sexy sex (because I have sex)
telling the girl i like about my feeling at the very bad moment.
entering a school building from the window
trying to make a cake and neighbours calling the fire department.
Pasta
Cutting in line.
thinking it was fine to go outside in the dark
talking dirty to my BF
assuming that the ending of “Pretty woman” was trivial
Blacking out in Vegas and making friends with my cab driver
sharing personal information on a relationship with someone I shouldn’t have
Having Something Sexual Happen
telling my boss that I had symptoms of COVID-19 to get out of a few days of work
TIF By submitting my resume
Being Horny
letting my toddler watch Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
accidentally becoming Mickey Mouse during sex because I tried to moan
in Minecraft
using an old man to fulfill my ultimate fantasy
shaving when I was a kid
going to a YMCA in a predominantly Hispanic area.
taking off my shoes on a plane
telling someone to be my slave  telling someone to be my slave
cheaping out at the pharmacy
accidentally showering in the womens changing room
hearing my mother and my father copulating ( pretty much you could say HE WAS FUCKING THAT BITCHHHH! LUL)
accidentally making a dead baby joke to my married friends who recently had a miscarriage
not locking the bathroom at the vets office
leaving my skateboard out overnight
dropping my phone
finally realizing that I'm not trans after 2 agonizing years for my soon-to-be ex-wife, only after giving her the and a new "friend" the wrong signals and I caught them having sex an hour later
showing a stranger my junk
Colonel Sandersing my hand
making a wrong move
Sensual Couples Massage with Mother-in-law
By plugging in my Zune to a friends computer. NSFW
pooping my pants during Kindergarten.
cleaning a clients house
letting someone use my cigarette machine to make blunts
putting something in my mouth that wasn’t mine
getting a ruptured ear drum
ruining a planned lunch with a former coworker cause of the coronavirus and ruining the last good relationship i had with that job
Today I fucked up by muting the speaker's microphone on Skype
laughing at a mourning guest
trying to get rid of dry ice
asking someone to stand with no legs
slapping the absolute clot out of my girlfriend
Business Twitter Account Got Suspended Permanently Because My Password Leaked
insinuating I euthanize people
using a wet fork to skim the slag off of molten bismuth.
being "handy" on my car
In optician's shop.
being a potential child predator
being a good father and "kissing better" the hand I thought my daughter hurt
With a Jock Strap
calling my friend a whore
playing soccer in a storm. Good times. trying to console someone whose mom was dying of cancer.
not understanding how physics works and getting water everywhere
trying to fix a coffee grinder
trying to be sexy for my husband before his brother came over for a surprise visit
Punching My Best Friend In The Face
liking hentai
pooping.
NSFW PICTURES
making my parents think I'm suicidal because I refused to give my dad tech support
Chasing After A Canada Goose Who Stole My Phone!
Got an ear infection resulting in puncturing of my 2 eardrums when I was 4
Today I Fucked Up By not dying
didn't  acidentally helped my school.
letting out a poor-timed tooshy cough. It could lead to my girlfriend losing her dream career.
yelling at my neighbor to get out of my garden.
holding onto my poop for too long and expelling my bowels in a liquor store.
drinking way too much at a company xmas party
telling a waiter how to do her job
accidentally stalking a woman and her family in a Walgreens.
driving away from the scene of an accident.
sucking at being 007 but still discovering truth about a family who is a friend of my family at an extravagant party.
ruining everything with my best friend and boss
playing vet with my daughter
Trying to get my family to use Technology
when trying to get tonsil stones out
sh*tting too hard
Today I fucked up by flashing my high school students NSFW
telling my teenage daughter I was going to attend and livestream her high school cheerleading tryouts.
formatting my camera sd card and losing 2 photo sessions and a recorded concert when i was meant to edit and deliver those by monday.
Inflamed Ball Sack Guy
trying to mastrubate using a cucumber
keeping my lube and acne wash in the same drawer.
drawing the attention of REDDIT.
Don't search for small feet
not replacing my toilet seat
skipping my trazodone on the weekends.
being to honest
Minecraft
By going on r/publicfreakouts
ordering a gift for someone that isn't a friend.
turning off the power switch to my freezer...
having coffee
i told my new coworker i hated her mom on the first day of us working together
eating edibles on Thanksgiving day without realizing
being low karma
not changing channels
eating soybeans raw
leaving a giant pan of pot brownies out that my dog ate
trying my dad's special sugar
setting my oven on fire
crossdressing (?) while my little cousin was visiting
accidentally leaving a used sanitary towel in my friends bathroom
picking a cat up off of the kitchen counter...
because myself from 2 years ago was an asshole.
electrocuting my dong in front of my parents
dressing very gay in attempt to get guys to stop talking to me, but now I’m getting stopped by girls and guys.
helping a 4 year old stop fidgeting
LPT check who you're txting
wearing a CCCP shirt in front of a pizza guy whose family had been imprisoned by the Soviets
telling my girlfriend hilarious stories.
making my cat wake up my new girlfriend with a surpise.
losing a tampon inside my body for 2 months.
cleaning all the bathrooms at once
hiting a moving bus with my head
Today I learned about shoe stores...
spilling all of my wife’s breast milk almost immediately after she finished pumping
a becoming a nigger slayer
asking my new co-worker if he was DTF and getting reported for sexual harassment.
making my cousin a drug addict
making my mon think I was watching porn during online class
using my family’s initials for my username.
fucked up by sending my pastor hermaphrodite furry porn.
recording my mother and uncle doing it.
took one the biggest dump of my life while on a call with client &amp; forgot to mute
having fun with my girlfriend in a doorless room
underestimating my cumshot
getting scammed on Reddit for $415 while trying to get a Switch for my sister
Twice
getting way too high
forgetting my wallet
not washing my hands before going to the bathroom
creating a disgusting mixture and covering whole bathroom with it
not checking my email
letting Animal Crossing infiltrate my dreams causing my boyfriend a near heart attack
being OCD changing Windows services willy nilly...
forgetting about my creme egg
taking my friend's phone and accidently saying to his uncle that he loved having sex with him
making a calculated choice to poop while in the shower.
mistaking (flammable, combustible) garage door lube, for compressed canned air, and spraying it into my gaming laptop
trying to train my kegel muscles while drunk
I sent an email to a recruiter with an inappropriate title
screen mirroring at a function
not listening to my gay friend
smearing shit on myself and having to go to the hospital
not trying on t shirts
accepting to work online for someone with unverified profile.
being too preoccupied and not knock on the bathroom door
not saying good morning to my father
not cleaning my mini-fridge properly of something.
eating too much salsa
implying I like bestiality
reading my mom's texts and finding out she's having an affair
inadvertently telling a mother of three that she had too many children
surprising Painting Pete with Titty Tuesday..
flushing my sinuses with tea tree shampoo
casting mine and my ex's "song" on her kitchen Google home instead of my car's Bluetooth.
sexting my wife, not realizing my mom was in the group chat with us
lying to my parents for months
spilling frappuccino on myself in public
flirting with a CBP officer
putting on a swimsuit as soon as i got out of the shower.
buying 4 bags of salad without checking the ingredients
Bluetooth+car+last nights reddit post =embarrassed for life.
eating pesto and cheese swirls.
Playing while on hold
dumping cool water cologne on a rental car to cover the fish smell
upvoting
pranking my wife on our anniversary.
accidentally sending friend request to my physical therapist
Drunken Playing Truth or Dare with my Housemates
Today I fucked up by getting banned from r/askreddit
drinking water out of a bucket that was just used to wash out a rabbit carcass.
spreading Covid-19
playfighting my brother and giving him a head injury
leaving my used pad in my room
killing a spider instead of capture and release and unleashing an army of spiders.
Finding Out My Teacher Was Into Foot Porn
being a can't-hold-their-alcohol, lonely loser
pouring peanut oil in our swimming pool
Tackled a 9 year old for no reason
hot sexy sex (embarrassing NSFW)
forgetting that I was wearing a cock ring.
sending a masturbation video to a complete stranger
i just realized that i can't manage a subreddit that i made
walking around a boat with a toilet cover hanging out of my pants.
potentially ruining my friend’s 5 year relationship
selling a 200$ item for 2$ just because I am impatient
getting my mom investigated by the state
LPT Always check the expiration date on a chocolate bar
not helping my roommate find her glasses having a cat tree delivered to my apartment’s front office. There is a strict no-pet policy...
looking at my boyfriend's old messages with girls he talked to before we met.
I destroyed a display of bre
telling my friend's crush she wants to give him a blowjob
not getting my wife anything for Xmas
showing my potential future boss my gf's ass
putting a cucumber on my eye
for trying to be hotter than a porn star
prank calling a sex hotline
putting honey comb in my hot coffee
and stole my girlfriends phone.
The past month I was being paid to turn off the cameras at my school and I got caught!
Trying to cheer up my manager
getting barred and attempting to solve a milennium problem
letting my mother in-law giving me a handjob
Manscaping
dozing off outside at night
going for a run at 2 in the morning in the rain. And getting locked out of my house.
biting some of my GF’s nipple off
almost killing my family with vaporized cooking oil
dropping a ton of acid and vomiting all over the floor in laughter.
I demanded a shift manager to please help me make pizzas because of the lack of employees that day.
hilariously getting my order wrong at sonic
ordering pizza without looking at the reviews.
though this was a while ago) by biking on a path in a forest with bears and ending up in another town.
I think.. I didn't do nothin'-
FUCK
buying nudes from someone I don’t know. NSFW for sure
referring to a potential mentor, by the wrong name.
trying randonauting
Losing my Vaginity to a Tinder Hook up
DOUBLE  badly pranking about two million people + reposting
farting in the elevator with 3 people I know well.
being directionally challenged
asking mom if her life would be different
possibly getting fined or in debt for forgetting about overdue books and kinda maybe, not paying college tuition. KINDA 😬
teaching my nephew about the “bark button”
falling in love with the girl of my dreams and her falling in love back and losing her because I didnt fly back to live with her for a few months with her when quarantines were starting.
putting nitromethane in my motorcycle's fuel.
Finally got my first motorcycle, and well...
opening my imgur favorites while on the wrong account at work.
asking a paraplegic man if his arms and legs felt heavy
invading my guy’s privacy
giving away wrong number - DK, Natcafeen Klaus (with a "K")
my twisting my leg while sitting down.
peeking at my friend’s boner.
yelling at oil company rep
nutting on my mom
putting a creme on my itching ears.
sending a pic of packs of Condoms that I was going to use throughout the week with other girls to the girl who liked me.
unknowingly traumatizing a family friend
have a “sweatshirt fight” with my best friend.
almost ruining my zen/stable reputation.
making my professor and class think I’m a racist
fucking dogs and cats everyday for a year and getting arrested for bestiality
answering the phone while in a seizure fog
Fast-food served without gloves
playing a meme loudly through the alexa
still reeling from this
seeing my sister’s nudes on my dad’s phone
Getting a Splinter Under my Nail.
Hooking up with someone as a dogsitter?
sending a very detaild drawing of a penis to my Dad
stubbing my toe
waking up in a bad mood then pooping my pants in my bf’s basement.
saying the age of an anime character and got permanently banned
pressing the big red button
Lost Significant Other Due To Drunk Nude From Friend.
my marriage by taking a kink test and swapping results with my wife.
not only sleeping with my cousin by... but then drunk calling my gf(now ex ) about it
forgetting my best friend's birthday
dropping an entire toilet paper role INTO the Toilet.
accidentally asking my buddy with Down Syndrome if I could do inappropriate shit to her.
making my dad think I’m diabetic
predicting video game retailers had no future at my hedge fund employer
taking a THC tablet instead of a Vitamin C tablet
eating a bad sandwich from a deli!
giving my friend spoiled food as a graduation gift
playing fetch with my dog at the dog beach
doing yoga with my eyes closed
quoting Snoop Dog
getting at 17 year old pregnant (I'm also 17) because she wants a free ride...
taking melatonin too early (small FU)
being a slut and locking myself out of my Airbnb
asking my Market Manager to smoke weed with me.
how vaping fucked up my life.
cleaning my penis with tee tree oil face wash
not checking who was home
pushing my car down a hill into my parents car.
giving my address to police
buying a slave Arab with A BOMB attached to him
The day my best friend thought I was dead.
gardening
Big valentines blunder
Accidentally Becoming a Door-to-Door Salesman
fighting a grand piano
I took my dad’s Maserati out for a spin and got caught
Lose 30 pounds a month without change in diet with 80% off time limited offer
Randomizing my Fantasy Football Draft Order
trying to follow my clinical instructors orders.
letting my girlfriend give me a good time without washing my penis or retracting my foreskin, not even once in my entire life
not believing in myself , I am a rapper and lately I keep listening to others , and not myself , when I know i'm great , but I let the opinion of others shape my life , now I am in a horrible downturn in life crippling with severe porn addiction , I spent the whole week in my bedroom jerking
trying to follow a “how to twerk for beginners” video when my husband walks in and asks WTF I’m doing.
snooping through my ex girlfriends Instagram messages
trying to mindlessly get into taxidermy
trusting my bosses
sending my girlfriend a screen cap from r/tinder
losing my Nintendo Switch
accidentally telling a woman that she's a bad mother, and that her child could die as a direct consequence of this
Selling a Gift Card Online
trying to put my dick in the garbage disposal
using Femfresh on my guy's dick
my biggest ones
Mangled thumb
letting onion juice and and a bug in my eye.
letting my horniness get the best of me and messaging a stranger on Facebook. Never thought I'd be stupid enough to end up on here bit yet here I am
Stamping my boss's shirt
most likely giving my terminally ill grandmother COVID-19
sleeping naked with a computer fan on my bed.
giving myself a (minor) chemical burn in a very private location
Accidentally Flashing my Cousin
engaging in oral activities after eating some habanero
I accidentally made people think I was a white power person (sorry for no punctuation didn’t feel like putting it in)
forgetting to put up my mask..
putting my Xbox in the microwave
not checking my ears before an exam
eating cinnamon from my bedside table.
calling my girlfriend by her sister’s name after we kissed for the first time.
accidentally checking that someone can claim me as a dependent on my taxes. They cannot.
By saying something bad
driving in Brazillian Summer with my mother's severed leg
entering the wrong side of reddit
telling my teacher I wish he was dead
creating a sugar daddy dating site profile
horribly humiliating myself in front of a district employee
offending a client of my stepdad
not bringing my phone into a meeting and making my family think something happened to me.
impersonating Samwise gamgee and disturbing an exam room
not watering my tomatoes and underestimating physics
Kind of an f up
being the most annoying person at a drive-in concert
accidentally letting a colleague know I'm a creep
accidentally sending my overly-conservative, religious mother a direct link to Best Gore.com.
drinking, blacking out and causing a crying scene in front of my girlfriend
I’m a pretty good friend
Taking A Shit On A Work WebEx Call
I crapped in his bed. That wasnt the worst part.
not seeing my coworker behind me when I farted, and unintentionally admitting to it on video
Indirectly cum in front of mom and her friend it was close call
blowing a
throwing on an old shirt
forgetting to check the plug.
I hit a car, the car didn’t hit me.
going to Australia
fucking a girl’s RED vagina
any cremating my dead cat
deciding to knock one out whilst waiting for surgery.
asking a delivery nurse the weirdest thing she's seen on a shift
revealing too soon that I was an imposter in a WhatsApp Group Chat.
discovering why a house cat can kill a level 1 commoner
coming off as a creepy teen racist
using a sleep app
setting of an never-ending alarm
dropping my engagement ring down the shower drain
being unmuted while in class
Fucked up by strongly defending Ted Cruz
telling my parents I was rejected from my dream school
when I mistook a group of Irish Travelers as an 80s-themed bachelorette party.
slicing off the tip of my finger
not addressing the spiders in my bathroom
deleting half of my Junon.io map
blowing a huge vape cloud in front of my boss
accidentally skipping a whole season while binging an Anime
throwing my phone into the gutter
letting two goons from a Discord server find out something personal.
calling the fire department after seeing smoke coming from inside my walls.
trying to adopt a dog and getting scammed out of $500
saucing my barista with hand san
sneezing during a zoom meeting just as my webcam froze
skateboarding drunk
sending porn to the whole school
commiting a crime directly infront of police
having a hairy pussy and a hairy pussy.
Urgent help needed!!
sleeping with my mom’s boyfriend and getting pregnant.
throwing a plastic bowl of chips out of extreme anger... it hit my wife’s head.
breaking my laptop within my own cum
pebble stuck in my ear
Shit my pants unknowingly
thinking way too hard and ruining Batman for myself (WARNING: may ruin Batman)
trying to run on the treadmill
Old Lady at Grocery store scams me out of $450
blowing up smarties in school and causing an ant infestation in the class
getting banned from my English class
making a joe mamma joke
calling my boss “daddy” in front of all my coworkers
ignoring random and temporary bursts of pain in my lower belly.
thinking my wife was singing the lion king in the jungle song while having sex
referencing COVID protests on the phone with the health dept
sneezing at a meeting causing loss of productivity
putting my phone in the pool
cleaning a pipe (nsfw)
giving my ex-boyfriend “rug-burn” on his dick
Using my cellphone to show my Crush who is from a foreign country a picture.
having a birthday
Today I learned that I might’ve fucked up. My brother’s fiancée thinks that I’m a misogynistic asshole
taking online advices on how to date women and have my confidence over boosted
feeding my dog a blackberry
Forgetting I'm pregnant
buying tinder plus
experiencing the worst pain in my life when my girlfriend and i got horny
enlisting my best friend to find the mystery smell in my basement
possibly worsening my moms ability to walk
almost drowning and showing myself to the entire beach in full view.
giving my crush a confession letter with the wrong name on it
having a shower with my girlfriend
(having my act misinterpreted)
accidentally showing my girl best friend a dick pic
blurting out a hentai link in a room with my family
for having a concealed nerf gun in my car when getting pulled over.
watching porn when my whole family was over
denying my professor a bj
creating a knife-blockade in my local post office mailbox inserting a tampon
getting high AF on tobacco
working out in 106/41 degree weather...
deleting my destiny character.
not ending my dating profile subscriptions.
losing yt acc with 250,000+ subscribers
naming my dog tucker
getting drunk and thinking I could join a band
rubbing the skin off my dick.
making edibles before rehab dad returns
keeping my zoom call on while I did push ups in class
pissing all over my girlfriends bathroom
telling my teacher I had herpes
I wish I hadn't let a good friend slip away
reminding my mother of my degeneracy
joining Furry nsfw lgbtq server
dying my hair
participating in gamer gate
not reading/seeing two small very important letters(ABCDEFG, those kinds of letters) in an email.
The alarm
for getting pulled over for running a stop sign while talking on my phone
Strike Three
not taking a stupid little bottle of slime
accidentally sending an SOS message after taking a shower
prob most of the fucked up moments ive have
accidentally deliberately worsening my lazy eye
jumping out of a window
and I have no idea what to do.
cutting some 2 by 4s wrong and causing a masive argument between my parents.
accidentally linking porn to an old group chat
Stalked because I said "hi" to a stranger
taking my Tinder date on an adventure to an abandoned cement factory that ended with my going to the hospital.
forgetting my vibrator is getting delivered
leaving my phone on my nightstand
getting food poisoning
closing my laptops lid while one of my earpods was in it.
I'm still fucking up
accidentally showing my sister a screenshot referencing 101 dalmatians porn
answering without understanding what the person said
calling a kid stupid in front of my crush.
showing my panties
masturbating to the national anthem of the Republic of Turkey
getting my p0rn stash revealed.
joking about and ignoring people’s trauma
pissing myself in front of a classroom and confiding in a teacher about it
texting an Old Flame my ring size
not closing my porn before I fell asleep.
repurchasing my house.
going on a date with my bully
eating a six egg omelet
teaching my lil bro a joke
cutting my thumb and listening to the dumb waitress.
cleaning
losing my wedding ring.
having a shower with headphones on
calling my wife fat
telling my black coworker a Mitch Hedberg joke
breaking an expensive glass door at our new home
Discovering my Homeroom teacher’s
throwing a mug full of spiders at an 8 year old.
taking "ripping my ass" to a new level
Not Knowing my Sister was Listening
having a lot of sexes and getting into sexy sex
cleaning up after my dog
hitting my elbow so hard on my classroom chair that I passed out and got a concussion
falling asleep
getting stuck in an airport for the next 7 days
losing a substantial amount of money to Venmo.
spending the past 20 years thinking I had straight hair
forgetting I have a new coffee mark
asking for Chick-fil-a sauce at a Wendy's
arguing with my friend for the last time
spoiling my new neighbor’s icebreaker
iPhone Sat Nav HUD App?
I cheated on my girlfriend
putting pineapple juice instead of milk in my coffee.... Twice!
I fell in love with my best friend
deleting 5 years of save data
Drinking A Four Loko
daring an online girlfriend to send my nudes to my family and friends
spilling glue over my massive 2 week assignment.
with EVERYTHING I STG
paying my credit card 4x what I owed, and now I am waiting on a $30k refund
calling an overweight women pregnant
(almost) destroying a truck engine
answering my door for the Census lady...
lighting my oven mitt on fire
reminding my wife where Christmas meat comes from.
/Today I suggested bestiality to a class of 40
walking into my basement
crashing a wedding!
trusting a fart
perming my pubes.
agreeing to a "meetup" on Snapchat
I put a dent in a friends house
eating a Bath Bomb and washing it down with Gamer Girl bath water while being deafened by Kpop
Backed into step dads car
bricking a phone screen and calling 911
eating some food that wasnt heated
not realising the meaning of a basic word
Well it finally caught up with me
failing to land a job I really needed
sleeping over at an ex’s place
Too many lies
a suggestion :)
Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton prepare to have a stable, happy family
Having poo problems and being an idiot.
going to the gym
I almost set the chemistry lab on fire
sending a snarky Congrats card
posting a picture in discord
not reporting SEXUAL CONTENT INVOLVING CHILDREN
pricking myself with an HIV+contaminated syringe.
causing a pizza box to catch on fire
serving a family of muslims pork :/
vocalizing my inner monologue while grocery shopping
posting Antitheist stuff on my status knowing fully well most of my contacts are religious
not getting a divorce
Would you watch your old sex tape video when you already moved on?
throwing away 5 years of memories..
trying to give my discord animated statuses
sending my classmate hentai. Now he might think I'm a pedo.
being hungry
using my tooth to open a wrapper and ended up cracking my tooth
Moving to a small apartment
losing my temper with my teen (14m) when in a drive thru TL;DR
LPT / asking a girl out and saying 'nevermind it was a joke lol'
Pavlov-ing myself with instead of the guy I was trying to get
thinking my friend was the one carrying the cello and teasing them them
trying to do csgo animations with a Bowie knife
tossing the joint on the ground
browsing /r/all on the toilet while my girlfriend was asleep
helping a woman that got punched
checking to see who follows me on my NSFW Tumblr
grabbing the wrong pair of shorts.
asking the dumbest question
having sex with my mom's nightgown
investing into Tesla yesterday on its high
a date through a single misheard word
telling my coworker a vasectomy does in fact, not stop fluid being ejaculated
taking my son's FaceTime call after having relations with a couple on Christmas night.
My parents
walking into a room of feminist friends and exclaiming “why would you expose something if you didn’t want it touched”
recommending A Clockwork Orange to my teacher
opening a package my partner sent me.
drinking a decaf iced coffee.
introducing my cousin to MangaRock
This is my friends story and he is telling it,everything he said i wrote it.
thinking I could hold a 55kg dog back from chasing an iguana
not getting a second opinion
going on a walk with my friend
telling my girl that i would fuck a midget
spilling coffee all over the Hospital “Give Thanks” Book.
getting way too high after thinking I was basically immune to weed after being sold shawg TL ; DR
getting the COVID vaccine
peeing the floor in front of my mother and my sister
joking with my roommate
attending a bachelor party
making my boyfriend a Tinder account
angering my rugby playing friend
losing something worth 5000 euros
taking the trash out
not making sure I was muted on a zoom call with coworkers.
overpaying 16x for water for &gt;2 years
I accidentally purchased 325$ worth of stuff on ebay
This is the comment that inspired this sub. This is what we all subscribed to see: eloquently yet brutally spoken takedowns, not Samsung responding to a tweet with a microscope emoji.
being born
not putting my hand on my heart during the national anthem
googling WAP at work
lying about loving my birthday gift
saying goodnight to a target employee
biting my girlfriends thighs
drinking an entire gallon of apple juice
showing the camera mechanic a very gay, very NSFW artwork
snitching on a co-worker
telling my foreign boss I had to piss
setting up a google home mini in the office with a shareable playlist
falling for an obvious scam and is currently having my nudes leaked
Trying to get home before quarantine.
telling a guy our problem is better than cancer after his wife died from cancer.
I answered HR honestly about company issues
letting my husband go down on me with a freshly styled beard 🤦🏻‍♀️
accidentally sending explicit text in a massive Zoom webinar
r/ not checking my paycheck for 2 years and missing out on almost $16k
getting in a mild accident during my driving test.
breaking an antique breakfront
sucking at technology
not listening to my son when he said he had something in his closet. And oh boy, did he ever have something in his closet
prank calling...
not buying any more sunscreen
walking away from a stranger talking to me
Socially Awkward!
being put on a Disney watchlist.
stepping on a USB drive.
not closing my bedroom door
grabbing my GF's ass
Caused permanent eye damage to myself
shi**ng the bed
calling my Cyberpunk 2077 mods folder cp for short without thinking about the other meaning
clearing my butt
actually becoming the home intruder I've been preparing for
TIFY by feeding the magpies.
organising a Secret Santa at work
typing cusses on my high school assignment
eating something this week.
not telling my friend about not wanting to go out with her
The first time I ever tried sushi...
almost dying in the middle of a busy road
making a new account too late.
getting the trees in my backyard chopped way too short.
asking HR about a raise I automatically received.
washing my hands too much
turning on my heater and evacuating my apartment building
trying to hookup with a girl I met for the first time.
not understanding flirting and insulting my date
telling TSA I had a weapon in my pantsShitty] Technical Difficulties
exploding my ass at a friends house
refusing to accept my brothers are growing
Story time
dropping a bottle of acrylic paint at work.
breaking out of boarding school to get a kebab, ending up in the middle of a robbery and having to identify suspects at 2am from a police car - all while trying to not get busted by the school
putting lotion on my face
wearing white softball pants
talking trash about a stranger, thinking he couldn't understand me.
writing code that nearly destroyed my friends machine
vaping and coming within hours of death
asking my crushes mom for help cause I love her daughter.
trimming a hedge just to spite my wife
thinking that I could 2 bite a Slim Jim.
By sending a sexy BDSM video to my SO at work. Now, all his employees are giving him shit by calling him Daddy.
masturbating to a pic of my sister’s friend
getting stuck in a seatbelt
only using half of my graphics card and cpus performance while overheating them
because I got drunk in another state instead of going to work
thinking this sub was for funny stories
with the wrong text
cleaning out my cats litterbox.
fucking this guy I met at the black lives matter protest in his ass without a condom.
going into work when I’m not on the schedule.
leg pulling
Traveling
So yesterday I technically had the worst day you could think of
making my wife think I got her a tropical beach vacation for Christmas
bringing my dog to get her nails clipped
sharing a cigarette with a homeless man and getting a lung infection a few days later
accidentally setting my kayak ablaze while on the water
I have no sanity anymore
crossdressing before checking I was home alone.
never taking out an earring for 9 years
leaving my friend alone with a very special melon (don't worry, not nsfw)
getting my friend to stick a DS stylus in his urethra
TIFUpdate by accidentally sharing a smutty fanfic with a friend
letting my mum know I'm a horny gal
stomach pain but when i eat it goes away
giving food to a rapist
Mashed finger
when my wife left my contact name as "Daddy" in the AT&amp;T store.
flying Lufthansa
smoking weed.
not understanding what a DATE is
By drinking with a manager
noon-twisting... my sister
laughing at my friends mother funeral
Hit my pinky and it made me poop
jumping out of my second story window
when I asked a friend where they got that goofy face filter, when they posted a video of their kid making funny noises.. they didn’t use one.
My eyes!
skipping 9 classes, emailing my teacher before class today that I'd be there and then proceeding to sleep through it
posting a CopyPasta into a live video conference with classmates and teachers
accidentally making myself broke
getting chemical burns from my gf’s mom
drinking water with a battery in it.
Asking My Aunt For Sex
Stepping on a Mouse
Broke someone’s mirror
addressing my prof as “Ms. x”
masturbating and being caught by my brother
Not Paying Attention to Where I was stepping
pulling out a knife in public
I ordered a dildo attachment with my families Amazon account. Told em not to look at the acct it till I deleted it tomorrow and they snooped.
sticking my middle finger to a random person.
Sleeping in a Small tent with a girl that I have Feelings for
getting wine drunk and making my grieving friend cry on Christmas Eve
waking up in the middle of the night
Shitty Volcano
sniffing my daughter's panties.
not double checking all the information
climbing a tree next to our camp while backpacking.
eating salt and vinegar almonds with chopsticks.
'hiding' posts from my profile
declaring my Minecraft server to default to french law.when I tried sucking my own d*ck and ended up pulling my back
planning to have a drinking party at my house.
opening my door to nature
accidentally participating in foot porn.
ruining Christmas dinner and making a grown man cry.
taking the person who violated me (sexually) to McDonalds and spending 20$ on a Big Mac Combo
making a joke about taking the D in front of the HR guy
leaving my car key in the trunk
sending DMs to my followers on Twitter and getting my Twitter account suspended
Tchaikovsky
for trusting a "friend" too much.
loudly enunciating the word RAPE in front of a room of 2nd graders and their parents
entering this sub
listening to Jordan Maxwell about astrotheology
accidentally implying my friends mom is fat
breaking a $10,000 piece of network equipment
pre-heating my oven
being married at one point to an abusive wife, and now I can't even buy groceries on Christmas Eve
getting my gf arrested and basically fucked her life
rescuing my toddler in distress
asking my gf if she wanted lean cuisine for dinner
getting scammed
working from home
being honest on a college financial aid form
drifting past a cop
A WEDDING
and broke my dad's ebike
thinking my bully became nice.
forgetting to scan the 60 cent radishes at a self scan register, ended up with a 181 euro fine
Excitedly told a girl her bf was dumping her.
talking myself out of a no-strings BJ
having Cheerios and grape juice for breakfast.
accepting to having a weird fetish
telling my friend to rebel against his parents
misinterpreting something my father said...
watching the new episodes of spongebob
stumbling across an unannounced game system
Today i fucked up by guessing a random credit card number by chance.
costing my job millions right before the VP is visiting
accidentally pushing cultural boundaries?
making Skype accounts with other peoples names
saying I want to fuck a guy while right in front of him
unloading into my pants in broad daylight
accidently taking a dump all over my hotel bathroom
playing porn out loud at grandma’s house
not wiping my ass when i sharted on the toilet. (21F)
not being a good trip sitter
stepping into a deep mud hole, getting one of my shoes muddy inside and out and wearing a plastic bag as a replacement shoe.
messing around with my sisters "toy"
mixing weed and nicotine
sending a dick pic to a girl I didnt know was 15
Fox Shirtcocking My Dad
Today I fucked up by watching zoo porn and nutting to it
having the tv on.
inviting my friend to the bachelor party for his ex's new fiance
trying to pursue a 17 year old girl. I'm 30.
Accidentally setting my cat on fire the night I lost my virginity
My crush asked if I want to go out with him
Being Sarcastic in the Courts *SOCRATES APOLOGY/CRITO PARODY*
Today I fucked up by leaving my erotic fiction around where my mother in law could find it.
being selfish and asking for answers from my boyfriend, even though I knew he doesnt deal well with his mental health
A day at the range
taking out my adult tooth with a jolly rancher
bringing a “weapon” on a plane
whistling at a young women while driving through a neighborhood.
telling a garlic joke during sex
using white out on my mail in ballot.
knowing my dick is bigger than my dad's
nearly drowning to get laid
accidentally squirting myself and some of my kitchen with tuna pieces and tuna juice.
I didn't know I was a spendthrift until I got 200,000 and spent it in a few months.
clogging my host’s toilet and leaving
#Buy_Google_Reviews
not knowing my oven had a broiler.
opening a drawer
jerking off next to my girlfriend and now she thinks I'm cheating on her.
breaking ankle
popping my pimple pus into my new boyfriends mouth
having UFC app installed on my phone.
Stuttered when talking to my crush and got the wrong meaning across
looking at my neighbour's boob through window
posting and wondering why I wasn't upvoted
a black lady thought I said the n-word
changing my pants in the office
and sent a realtor a listing for a sexy leather revealing top.
forgetting my did at work and also being a giant loser.
I got drunk and let someone down
paying attention to sister's chest.
doing sex
POOPING on the toilet seat - and then sitting on it
telling a tourist to get off at the wrong station
a date
Leaving My Car Running While I Ran Back Inside for Something and it was Stolen
breaking my chair with a parker pen
doing laundry with help from neighbors to the north
trying to pop a pimple that should not have been popped
DUI and why not to do prescription drugs for fun.
MEN DONT DO THE SPLITS
trying to be a polite guest
cutting up a Carolina reaper pepper and then going to the bathroom
not talking to a girl
Telling my GF she was wearing to much makeup. masturbating with paint on my hands.
wanting a shower snack
yelling at a disabled girl and her carer
Im hiding this from my friends
when I came on my jiu jitsu partner
wearing a CPAP and having a pain in the @$$ cat.
ripping one while waiting at traffic lights
having a conversation during a pandemic.🙄
Wow
turning on my Roomba, forgetting that my dog poops on the floor
taking melatonin with monster
running the same hill every sunday
sending a get well card to a new client
being being scared over nothing.
taking 40g of shrooms my by best friend.
at putting together a bed
awarding my crush's recent post
accidentally calling my teacher "Cunt"
melting a troll.
giving my daughter a skateboard for an early birthday present.
pointing a knife at the reception guy at my accomodation
asking for milk
thinking a dude was trying to kidnap a child.
almost dropping mouthwash at 2am this morning.
texting the wrong person
dropping food on the floor mulitple times.
TIFUpdate - Pranked my son
going with the flow and experiencing heart break at 30.
signing to my gf that we "experiment" on a "Football Night"
not getting the signup dates of new users in a successful launch
running over my wifes car
eating a corndog at Disneyland
becoming the cock whisperer
trying to be adventurous with my diet.
"confirming" my date whilst being intoxicated
putting a can lid in my mouth and nearly becoming the joker
accidentally cuming into my own eye
getting my boss to crawl in dog waste
I slept with my boss
accidentally saying the N-word behind my black friend
on zoom with a hot mic
pooping in a trash can at my OBGYN
I gave my number to a stranger on a dating website
Just read it’s pretty short
Suck it
when I laughed during sex
making my grandmother think I was drinking my own breast milk
leaving a dildo out in front of my Christian father.
reading the post about the dude not cleaning his belly button for 15 years.
asking my gf her taste in porn.
losing my hard drive
trying to help a cashier I thought was being harassed
jokingly threatening to blow up the dog of my senior at work
texting the guy i liked while extremely baked
being too brave.
losing my girlfriend's cat
losing family pictures
a long time a go by going for a "short" hike for the first time
taking a nap then playing video games
getting my computer a virus
buying from Best Buy
lying about a test score.
ruining a homeless man’s drink
insulting my childhood best friend.
jerking off intensely before a date.
I hitchhiked and mumbled my way out of getting arrested.
accidentally framing a diabetic man without realizing it
Today I nearly fucked up by not emptying my pockets
locking us into a cooling unit.
calling my cats’ vet a “good boy”
I f**ked up once by getting cement in my eye...
sharing a clip of Borat last night.
tripping over my shoe laces and hurling my baby into a crowd of old people having the sexiest sex one could ever sex (GONE WRONG) (IN THE HOOD)
not understanding what a cake day is
trying to have a quickie at work (NSFW)
THE DANGERS OF OLIVE OIL
having sex with my girlfriend while my parents were home...
sending my Uncle a nude via text
No Toilet Around
permanently deleting 3 days' worth of Meme Edits and all of a 3 hour speedrun livestream
my entire life
sleeping with my friend’s boyfriend
I ACCIDENTALLY SAID I LOVE YOU
not helping a woman break into her car
waking up late the sex 😣
hitting on a minor
I said my boss policy “is fucking stupid” on a whole company zoom conference while a presenter explained the new rule. I thought I was muted but wasn’t.
wasting 12 millon dollars in GTA
using a Q tip before bed and had to go to hospital
saying "make love" to kindergarten kids
not asking sedation for a gastroscopy
leaving clove balls in my wisdom tooth sockets
calling my brother while having sex
trying to make my voice sound better
naming my password recovery answer as 'dong schlong' looking for a job
Spent like 3 hours arguing with an anti-furry.
helping my daughter pick out a book for my wife on anal Satire
accident making an offense joke in front of my teacher.
sleeping naked with my cat
forcing an 8 year old into arts and crafts
using the wrong restroom by accident
watching a weird porn fetish from an r/askreddit with my bluetooth on... outside my apartment door.
showing my Interviewer my Nudes
sending a strongly worded text to my crush... only for her mom to see it
spitting water in the direction of the girl in front of me during class
calling a tub of sour cream Ma’am.
Got drunk caused an argument
wiping my asshole with a Clorox wipe instead of a Baby wipe
peeing into a bottle and, subsequently all over everything in my bedroom
LPT look into the toilet as you pee so you don’t give any of your pets a golden shower
not sleeping for 20+ hours before an assessment and possibly embarrassing another student
telling a random woman her lady bits smelled weird and foul
saying yes to a bad idea
having a foot-in-mouth moment with a co-worker who recently became less obese
not washing my hands 50 times after prepping Jalapeño Poppers!
Dad" Prank Gone Wrong
going commando in my new sweat shorts
making it rain sex toys
I talked about The Great White Flight in front of my impressionable and very smart child who likes to repeat everything she hears (inaccurately)
rubbing one out NSFW
playing porn on a conference call (150+ employees) and not getting caught ....
accidentally feeding my grandma my ejaculate
handling a giant centipede
shouting cock
forgetfulness at its worst
order a mild burrito take away and having the worst date afterwards
letting my grandma meet a girl I liked
moving countries for a
not using the right tool for the job.
stepping on my mom’s caregiver’s toes
bringing a bag of spiders to my friends house and letting them loose
walking up to NOT my plugs car
bleeding
spraining my ankle... again
making Mac &amp; Cheese
hitting a woman and wrecking the car i'm driving
at Trader Joe's
having sex when I wasnt feeling well
taking Dulcolax before a road trip
My New Years Mess Up
yelling hentai in the car with my Dad in it
forgetting to pump up my tires.
R/back at it again with the f ups
opening my closet door
saying "A Cuckhold" many times during my work presentation. taking an "immediate release and long acting" gravol
there is a coin stuck in my ass
using soap as lube
checking my parents room with a black light
taking a dump in the wrong bathroom
Today.... I fucked up.... Big time.... (Involves new friends, new enemies, and one very... Very.... Awkward situation...)
Getting ragged on national tv, have your whole town watch it and become it’s laughing stock.
causing my wife to think she had miscarried
destroying my passenger car door
Creeped someone out at a wake.
mixing up my vocabulary while at work
My phone was still connected to Alexis
putting a box fan in my kitchen
because I laughed at a joke
getting sent to treatment for 7 + months
telling my mom I was behind on hw
trying to break into someone's car
making my Nan think I'd under gone Chemotherapy
trying new things in bed.
using StarSan in a Neti bottle for sinus rinse.
ruining my lunch
driving with my cat
I’m in love with my friend’s dad, and I think he feels the same.
Zoning Out At Work (When I Really Shouldn't Have)
I threw ravioli in dish water
I flipped off my school discipline master
My teacher is disappointed in me
I Made a Stranger and a Medical Professional Think I Was High
trying to clean a glass measuring bowl.
Pulled the toilet roll dispenser too hard...
skipping two classes on accident
accidetally making a racist joke
losing a $40,000 piece of art
sending a dick pic to someone who was coming to do some work on my kitchen
picking up an extra shift at my work
after hitting the big O in the shower
asking a customer if he'd like to have a seat
cumming in my step sisters panties
openly insulting my customer while his new one meet us for the rehearsal of a live streaming show
texting my gf’s veteran dad w one leg “Happy Veterans Day 🔥🔥🔥”
nearly burning my house down
I might have drank/eaten a small spider on accident today"
asking someone where he lives
ruining my grandma's birthday because I destroyed her apartment.
mistaking a heating fan for a normal fan.
Following My Boyfriends Ex on Strava
mocking a guy for getting mugged
sending my onlyfans link to my mom and sisters 😵
pairing my phone to my mum's car.
being rude in my one social interaction since self isolating
accepting a job offer
wearing a face mask while having fresh breath
calling my pregnant wife a bitch (sort of)
not having birthday
Locked Myself Out Of Car While Running &amp; In Gear
getting the covid vaccine
sex with a mom
making a joke. Goddammit me.
accepting a promotion at work.
shoplifting and getting caught in my mom's car
liking my crushes retweets
my gfs dad sexy sex SEX
breaking FWB rules
When Applauding at the Cinema
opening my room mate's belated birthday present thinking it was drugs.
accidentally showed my entire famliy me naked without realising it until it was to late...
involuntarily threatening a security guard at the airport
trying to 2 bite a Slim Jim.
having a walk.
giving away my already chewed gum
wiping my greasy face with my sperm...
sending my GF a birthday gift
buying a sex toy for myself
using women's hair coloring.
not sleeping with a girl I went on a date with and now I’m gay
falling for a dumbass obvious scam
Work family I longed for actually hated me this past year. not announcing my presence in a hotel room when housekeeping knocked.
defending my gay brother
Ice skating "date" ended in a trip to the ER
REDDIT TELL ME WHY MY BROTHER AND HIS ROOMMATE JUST SAW A PIC OF ME LICKING MY BOOB
moving in with a 90 yr-old sexual predator who was using drug addiction to manipulate my roommate into sex and was grooming me for the same treatment
telling a kid being bullied that he deserves better
forgetting my wife's 30th birthday
trespassing on a construction site and getting caught while my GF was sucking me off
thinking I had bug bites really having chicken pox instead
TTFU with third party contamination. Go upvote the original post too
flashing a driver with no headlights
Today I fucked up by wiping my freshly waxed undercarriage with a man strength deodorant wipe.
leaving my cat with easy access to my trash can.
jerking off one time too manyu
drilling a screw directly into my radiator.
grooming myself on a flight and shaving my beard only to trigger the crew's anti-terror training and make everyone super paranoid for a short while
giving my sisters their Christmas presents too early
letting my daughter drink alcohol.
making breakfast and syrup
teaching my five year old about butt plugs
This a realtime Sharted on a white sofa
getting company car towed
cardio training on edibles
almost getting kicked out of the Gym
carrying a 40 pound box of old porn magazines to the trash.
exploding eggs in a co-shared pantry
giving away my work
I Am Going To Kill Myself
sending my grandpa down the rabbit hole that reddit is
purchasing $80 worth of Reddit coins with my boyfriend's.money
Freon Fabric Softner With Sent Boosters
drunkenly telling my girlfriend I'd trade her for a 12 pack of my favorite soda
almost causing my house to collapse
slapping myself in the face with a warm bag of dog poo.
I might die
swallowing a dental crown.
showing a tiktok video of the one and only Johnny Sins to my girlfriend...
pulling the bumper off my car
not handling my bourbon
having an extremely loud bm during my intended major's information session on Zoom
not having my keys on me when running back out to my car and the dogs I’m taking care of locked me out.
sending a photo of my "droppings" to my crush on snapchat
showing my teacher overwatch porn
playing Chubby Bunny at work
throwing a cup off a ledge
not telling anybody at work that I broke a TV last night at work.
signing up for a free pornhub premium trial
eating a pound of brie last night
putting y new sextoy and my robot cleaner in the same house
exposing my coworker’s personal business with a dumb joke
eating my own shit.
almost losing my grandmothers ring that was given to me and starting my familys WW3
telling my girlfriend she had a spider on her shoulder.
putting gum in between my asscheeks
pranking myself
My colleague walked in on me masturbaiting at work.
plugging the AC adapter from a diffuser into a small radio.
calling my boyfriends dick "lil guy". Revenge ensued (by his dick)
wishing "Good riddance" to a retiring director at my work
sending a Butt pic to a friend
taking my roommate to look for my cat
Dog hates me?
sending hentai to my family discord.
making a large group of my coworkers think I was mute
drinking coffee during a video call at work
getting drunk and thinking that taking a swim in the river it's a good thing
finding a subreddit that probably scarred me for life
sending my mother in law a dick pic
trying to prevent my friend from cheating on his GF. having my manager see me on Reddit and that fucking Borat ad appeared
not closing the dog gate to the upstairs.my whole life. My regrets as a 46 year old, and advice to others at a crossroad
taking doxycycline for a UTI and subsequently giving myself SIBO, an infection in my intestines.
trusting google and using google meet in the bathroom
giving a homeless man my recyclables.
almost burning down my house
fucking my pillow pet
losing my phone and possibly dying.
getting caught watching “porn” in my schools library with my group of friends
burning my balls - 7 stages of grief
advocating for rape on r/niceguys
singing at work
taking mushrooms before lunch rage quitting forever
making the amount of storage on my phone 64.1 GB when the max is 64 GB
rehearsing grand wizard man, turns out my dad listened to the first couple of lines of the song my friend was singing.
eating things food from the bottom of my chest freezer
sticking a litle mouse inside a washing machine
making a typo
Got my second 2nd degree burn on the same arm.
clicking pinecest
giving into advertisements on a certain website.
setting an inappropriate meme as my story in facebook
attempting to eavesdrop
using a nose hair trimmer to manscape my nether regions (and subsequently revealing mankind's most horrible secret on Reddit)
and smoked Christmas
cursing aloud (a LOT) to myself...
smoking a tad too much weed
understanding “chip” as “tip”
being to lazy to explain things that I previously thought didn't need explaining
trying to get in some target practice with a BB gun, only to have the gun turned on me.
driving a small motorboat next to a waterfall
accidentally eating a dog treat
Showing my MIL my Vibrator
being too nosy and finding things I shouldn't have
not recognizing withdrawal symptoms
Dinner
throwing up immediately after the first kiss with my date
Fucked the first date; it was something I said
What kind of chips do you want?
driving with the top down.
My dog's traumatic #2
not waking up on time
accidentally exposing a large number of my family to the sound of my friend's explosive flatulence.
accidently adding some poor girls mother on FB
To much
not telling the whole truth to my boss
giving my dog water
disparaging the company I work for in an employee survey I assumed was private
Today I fucked up by exercising for my first time in a year
awarding GOLD to the judgment bot post (right under the original) instead of the OP in a r/AmITheAsshole post.
I gave items away to charity, and now I feel grief, anger, despair, self-loathing, and regret!
letting my roommate show me an anime.
leaving a "self relief" rag in my friends guest room for his 9 year old daughter to find
sending my Mom a screenshot of an In**st joke instead of a wholesome meme
TIFUpdate:  BEING NAKED IN MY BOYFRIENDS ROOM AND HIS BROTHER WALKED IN
drinking from an old can in my room, almost vomiting, and spitting sludge everywhere
punching my pregnant wife on the shoulder
angrily rejecting a coolie for his service
accidentally telling my brother our dad attempted suicide during our childhood while we we were on LSD.
buying vehicles in game
posting a meme in an Alzheimers support group
losing a substantial amount of money to Venmo
cumming in my pants
telling my boyfriend i was gender fluid the sequel
making a girl feel like I was stalking her and getting banned from her place of business
allowing my chiropractor to see my web browser on my phone FULL of that big black dude with the Giant penis (you know the one , became a big meme)
pronouncing the name of my favorite candy for 34 years
accidentally painting a bathroom ceiling with frozen..... Waste....
eating chicken and rice
(accidentally) committing speciocide
using paper towels to clean the toilet
ruining my friend's summer
accidentally being racist.
doodle hijacking a 600 person zoom meeting
rushing to school.
trying a new fellatio technique
buying wacom nibs
getting myself permanently banned from r/interestingasfuck.
giving my dog a tasty treat (NSFW)
using fast setting concrete in 90 degrees and full sun.
How I broke my phone.
I nearly drowned my son to save the camera
during my "alone time" in quarantine.
doing a home enema before anal (NSFW)
scaring a random guy instead of my friend.
almost going off with a stranger
misinterpreteding what my teacher intended to say
not getting the joke.
using parental controls on iPhones
taking a walk through nature on a beautiful, sunny morning
swallowing my own jizz
finishing my lunch at work and throwing out the empty wrappers
Ruining our Senior Trip to the Bahamas
mentioning God to my (soon to be ex) girlfriend who is, I just found out, a huge Bible thumper.
being a flower boy stealing valor for three years
don't going to the doctor for 2 years
being generally oblivious and unintentionally insensitive
eating 10 snickers in the span of an hour...
yelling "FUCK OFF" to a neighbor who thought I was in peril
bringing up the family dog
being nice
I became a therapist to the girl I'm seeing.
giving my foreign friends an edible.
Using a fake ID in my hometown
not reading the label on my body wash
accidentally showing a group of friends my dick
referring to my stepmom as my stepmom
shooting a girl with curry sauce in High School
Illegally downloading a Chinese movie
The ripped pants exchange" or by wearing ripped pants and asking to swap with a stranger to save my job
sending a package to a scammer and destroying dinner
giving my son an eyeful of pubic hair
forgetting to delete a pornographic video of myself from the computer.
giving a girl I met on a dating app $80
Confessions of a real dude ... confesses the 3 J’s Jenny, Jess, and joints.
handing the cashier at a petrol station two $10s and a used condom
TDIF by forgetting to log off my account on a public computer
Should I let my ex boyfriend take our two year old camping?!?!
letting my friend go to far, not standing up for my girlfriend fast enough, and offering her a beer dispite her being pregnant ( which I forgot)
shattering my bathroom window.
TDIF by getting drunk and trying to put a glass screen protector on my iPad
keeping my exchange students panties and having my dad find them
My friend actually but yea
getting my seatbelt jammed in my car door
lying about exam scores - serious
NSFW  Committing Carolina Reaper CBT
describing a book to my wife
getting too into a meme and now my mom probably thinks I’m a freak
punched a wall, did i fuck up? (finger's all fucked up, need an advice)
putting the wrong bath oils
tagging the owner of a major Furry site instead of my company's product while on twitter
taking a school issued laptop
making a girl cry
taking a shower. Yes a Fucking shower.
seeing my mother in law naked.
with instant pot
having video game rage
saying I'd leave my fiancee over a shock collar.
mistakenly sharing a firing list with people about to get fired
eating a sandwich during my online class presentation
roleplaying with my friends GF
forgetting my Rolex in the university bathroom
freaking over a canceled flight and left laptop
Watching a JRE Clip at Work
losing our stimulus check
sodomizing a homeless deaf and blind woman.
dumping used condoms in the trash
Used the lotion at my hairdressers station
going bare arse in front of my girlfriend's mum.
using a rope swing
Sending my best fried a fake nude of my gf...
inviting my rescue dog into my bed and he projectile vomited all over me and my things 🐕🤮
pinching my girlfriend nipples in the shower
walking around with my head exposed.
eating a whole bag of Flamin’ Hot Cheetos
telling my dad my mom wants to quit her job, he’s her boss, they are divorced
Emailed the wrong person at work
last night) I got so incredibly drunk and confused to a very close friend who has a gf that I really like him
not testing my GPU before sending it for RMA
assaulting my colleague
talking to my wife and making coffee
working out from home
I nearly cut my finger off, broke a plate, flooded my bathroom, illegally opened someone’s mail by accident, and am now sitting in the toilet after forgetting to close my window for all my neighbors to see.
leaving a fully nude picture on the table at work
having Bear spray in my truck
sending a dick pic to the group chat
rejecting a girl I thought liked me, but she actually liked my friend instead.
eating cereal with water. My username represents my current mindset.
getting scared by an IKEA employee
Breaking a Leg with my PlayStation
I nearly brained my pets with the heaviest book I own
saying the wrong thing and ruining my relationship
Spotify Premium Premium
mistaking my friends nudes for my own and sending them to someone else.
eating a curly wurly.
jumpscaring my dad
injuring my left leg.
and ate cat food
drinking rotten grape juice and when my refrigerator crapped out, and now I'm sitting here burping up a storm and wondering when my bowels will finally crap out too.
almost usin a swear word
sleeping in my brother in laws bed.
getting high on meth and using cheap hotel soap to rub the tip of my penis until it bled, then the scab broke and it hasn’t ever healed in over a decade, hurting to the touch the entire time.
dumping the ashes of my partner's dead father on me during sex.
sampling some ‘dill pickle brine salt’
becoming a cum guzzler
almost causing my parents marriage because of my thicc ass
not locking my bathroom door...
not getting the seat in the back.
shooting my wife and son
offering to mow the lawn NSFW
shitting in my tent
drinking white claws and thinking I could work out
giving an highly offensive headline to an e-mail for university work
forgetting about my homework
I forgot my wallet
Dolly parton partly funded the Covid19 Vaccine by Moderna that is reportedly to be 94% effective.
not knowing what a broiler drawer is.
failing to deliver a good response while administrator was in class
I ATE MY MOMS VIBRATOR
not using my work laptop during a meeting
creating a second Twitter and verifying using my phone number
accidentally setting the worst fart trap on some poor woman
getting naked and singing while cleaning
trying to turn Super Saiyan and passing out
at eating an orange
going to school wearing only a shirt and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle boxers.
burning my hands
having to go to the toilet at school
forgetting about the peaches
making a poorly timed sex joke
not investigating an open door.
trying to drink coffee
exposing my plans to new boss
Made a colossal mistake at work and got publicly shamed for it.
posting a picture with a wrong title
wanting an afternoon off school
letting my cat help me build my dream gaming/workstation PC
accidentally exposing a drug addiction...
pretending to imagine my girlfriend as a cockroach during sex
as my mother caught me masturbate
calling a hearse a "cool van"
watching porn while my sister was showering in the hotel bathroom
declining sex with my chrush because i was high and didn't know what I was doing.
shaving my cat
Taking poop at in laws
naming my phone a quote from Pulp Fiction
not taking a guy’s number
saying "good" to a young man dying
Today I fucked up by stealing a man his 20 cents
Working Self-Checkout
flirting my way to an impromptu amputation
accidentally took a really hard drug, and im not a drug user. NEVER AGAIN! (NSFW maybe because of drug talk)
telling the head of HR at my new job that I wish I was her husband
I NEED YOU
trusting a woman with protection
neighbor cheated on her bf with me
THE ROAD TRIP
breaking my thumb in a fold-up chair
applying a cooling ointment after getting a Brazilian wax
ripping out a chunk of my hair
telling a kid to talk to her mom
asking people to rate me online
adding my debit card to Onlyfans.
getting stuck in Japan while Covid started spreading worldwide
showering and not bringing my phone
not understanding how snapchat works.
breaking my brother's butterfly knife.
trying to improve the experience of my guests.
showing my girlfriend Borat.
squirting all over the floor, cleaning it up with paper towels, and then blamed the snakes when it started to smell
Made a lot of extra work for myself with Google Voice Commands
telling my bf that his dad has, quite literally, been inside my a**hole.
asking a girl where her g-spot was
buying my girlfriend a necklace
catfishing my friend as a joke
urinating on the floor
Accidentally Giving My Wife the Sickest Burn of My Life
trying to make a candle
I told a friend she reminded me of tomura shigaraki from my hero
mixing red bull and coke
Thinking My Dad Didn't Care About Me...
falling in love
eating rice barehanded
trying to stop my little brother from getting corona
trying to argue a point on reddit
almost blowing up a garage filled with crude oil and potentially destroying a Russian millionaire housing area
using the family camera to take nudes.
tongue teasing my kitten
continuing to watch a movie that disturbed me only to days later have something in the movie almost happen to me
"purchasing" a horse mask
TIFUpdate - losing 1.200€ to a dating app
drinking a slimy, moldy drink
not wiping shampoo off my eye in the shower
saying Michael Jordan died instead of Michael Jackson and people believed it
but forget my maternal grandmother just died from cancer
not letting my sister speak first
hitting to close to home with a dark joke
overslept and my aunt had to die for it.
driving hundreds of kilometres to a person from the internet I just started chatting to today
911 emergency dispatcher call
messing with Starlight Glimmer
dropping $150 on a new TV thinking my old one was completely broken.
almost crashing into a cow
eating cheese
My manager gon whip me
not knowing who was the patient
yelling obscenities while dialled into a work Skype session
letting a gross smell in the elevator, seconds before my crush entered it
taking my shirt off during a very large teleconference with 60+ participants
ripping off my toenail
drinking my dads Pepsi
greeting my female professors inappropriately in an email
embarrassing myself before a job interview
calming myself down before a first date
looking up why my cat lays on me when I’m using a specific blanket
washing my hands for 30 seconds
loading 600 lbs of feta cheese in the back of my suv
moshing at a punk show
UPDATE:  getting my dick shredded by my cat
the TIFUness.
taking a crap in a broken toilet
not crossing off identifying characteristics before posting on Reddit
letting my father in law use my shaver
shitting my pants in the Wendys drive thru.
when my gf asked my to list my sexual partners
almost getting into an accident
partying like there was no tomorrow
ringing the doorbell
kidnapping my friend and almost getting arrested
leaving a real Christmas tree in my apartment until May.
Getting stoopid high in 1/2 period and being tweaked.
making my girlfriend laugh
not buying a lottery ticket
thinking it was a good idea to take my pills with cereal
buying a house near a gun range
pooping when I get home.
not listening to my dog
saying the N-word
smoking weed with a girl
taking a dog for a walk
taking hallucinogenic mushrooms and watching the movie 300
not being muted during a zoom class
making a joke so dark that now I have to go to counseling
being considerate
and broke my singing voice
telling my mother in law “This is where the magic happens”
walking in on my bro swinging the snake to his gf. And now I think i gotta crush on her
killing my barely year old cat
ripping my hand open
accidentally shattering my roommates, GFs nose
but at least Captain Underpants would be proud of me!
failing the only way I know to get money to pay rent
My Brother's Bachelor Party for a Groomsman
accidentally misgendering one colleague and accidentally sexually harassing another...
saying excuse me to my own reflection
telling off the plumber instead of my child
ruining a surprise
spaying my cat.
calling the cops
making my school principal think my parents were abusing me
thinking about my boyfriend messing around with another guy
watching the movie Willow with my girls
having an unprofessional voicemail geeeting
"farting" on my wife
comparing my wife's smile to Whoopi Goldberg's
feeling too frisky before work
accidentally buying Ninja merchandise
everyone messes up at least once per job interview, right?
sending my crush the word 'Ballsack' and I can't delete it.
wearing my sunglasses for an interview.
blowing out a candle.
unmuting my mic during my class’ Zoom call while playing the video game VALORANT
almost letting a duck lose its foot
using my dildo.
inderictly calling my sister's partner old
staring at a coworker of mine I like.
obliviously suggesting to my mum that she work in a strip club
drinking some hot chocolate
clearly copying and pasting a sympathy message without changing the name.
Nutsack icecream
booking the wrong flight date home on my partners birthday
being too embarrassed to see my regular doctor about my butt hole
my friends, boyfriends’ grandma thinking that she is cheating on him
Fell asleep on work zoom call
going back to pet a cute cat
trying to be an awesome wife!
calling a kid by the wrong name over and over.
thinking my client was laughing.
taking my co workers coat home
not telling the surgeon I could feel him during my vasectomy.
telling a suicide attempt survivor to “pull the trigger”
accidentally grinding through "Iron Passage" in DK2.
getting my girlfriends dog hit by a car
sleeping with a 4th classmate over last year
almost killing my entire $2000 gaming setup and burning my house down with a penny.
is this a coke or something else
showing nudes to my boss not once or twice, but THREE times in one conversation (NSFW-ish)
being brutally honest with my spouse...
popping a pimple on a tropical island and ending up in shock in a hospital hooked up to a respirator
talking about Among Us and having my 4 year old tell his teacher there are “dead bodies” at the house.
accidentally leaving the porta potty unlocked and fully flashing some poor woman.
thinking my 50mg pills were 25mg pills and developing severe delirium as a result
stabbing myself after sex
I should be dead
forgetting to pause my ‘video’ when Mum called me
putting a gash right above my asshole
telling my best friend my "secret notes"
burping in a girl's face
unkowingly using a racist term while speaking to a black co-worker
sitting next to my colleague
I insulted my wife’s cooking by swapping plates
leaving the balcony door open when sleeping on my balcony
I made a big oopsie peeing myself after using an antidepressant for too long.
Today..
trying my sisters underwear
surprising my friendly neighbor with a keto-friendly birthday cake
Spilling Burger King Coffee All Over An AIRBNB Comforter
visiting this dumbass sub
when a Wasp got inside my bra while riding my bike, stung my tit when I got it out
not reading the sub rules and trying to make a post
rickrolling my son
Being Accidentally Getting gandbanged alongside my future boss and getting fired.
ruining/spoiling my mom's christmas gift
Fell into a frozen lake, lost my phone
giving into temptation and eating the cookie dough and let me tell you I can say that the bliss of it is 100% worth the salmonella.
I said something incredibly stupid on 9/11
chugging dairy + getting covid
letting a woman buy me coffee during my flight
accidentally sending a pic of my pecker to customer service
setting a car on fire
using 60hz on a 144hz monitor for the past 5 years
wearing Galaxy Buds wrong for 4 months
teasing my best friend UPDATE
being branded a "devil worshipper" and possibly breaking the bonds of my family all because of Warhammer
accidentally revealed online identity to real-life friend
sending my girlfriend Uber Eats
today I fucked up by comforting myself
having an affair
playing tennis
having a tantrum when I thought no one was around
accidentally flashing my boyfriend’s step brother
picking up what my dog was eating...
not listening to see if my parents were coming
useing a lava bucket for light source in MC
I accidentally ate the HR managers lunch
celebrating a funeral
telling my crush she was 'cool' to be in a Scooter accindent
Went to eat lunch at work, short on time, did the unthinkable.
making my teacher think my Dad was a murderer
bringing the scientific method to a painful hypothesis
because I was late to work. Hairstylist edition.
eating the world's hottest pepper
invoking the Curse of Dogpatch
with a bloody nose and a woman.
I decided to eat shit ton of old frosting and then made a root beer float with it and puked for an hour.
telling a guy that I wish I was taller.
using cat litter to dry my carpet
watching porn on my phone in bed at home alone until the Bluetooth connected to my wife's car when she pulled in the garage
thinking I was going to be the hero...
thinking Gold COAST is a city
trying too hard to make everything perfect
telling my mom that her kids get tired of her shit too.
Ghosh text
not hiding my past self harm activities from my parents properly since I'm a minor and they accompany me in my visits to the psychiatrist(PS I'm clean now)
I cheated on an exam online while in quarantine. I was convoked to a meeting with my teacher. I may lose everything if they find out.
got something in my eye 👁
offering to bring our less used vehicle Christmas shopping so I could get cheap gas for a trip my husband was planning
having a spicy video call on private property
eating edibles
forgetting to switch off the mic on a Video call.
accidentally sending my sister hentai
talking behind a friend's back
eating one to many Most Stuff Oreos
breaking my leg during Badminton
making my sisters bf think im a pedo
jolting myself with 220 volts of electricity
telling my 5th grade teacher I want to get everyone horny lying on a job application
posting in r/roastme
I just submitted the wrong personal statement with my grad school application.
not knowing I had phimosis
weight loss math
liking a six year old image of my crush
penis sex ass titties
almost burning down my car twice
Talking Shit at Work
trying to help
trying to teach my girlfriend how to not forget her meds and she ended up in the ER as a result
not listening to my friend and getting myself "Fleeced"
taking a crap at a customers house...
not stopping a hit and run
going on reddit live
mistakenly submitting an explicit song to a radio station... and they played it!
I melted my keyboard
realizing I've been using toilet seat covers wrong my entire life
playing dead by daylight with the window open
leaving my cat outside on a leash while I was working
making my mother think her stalker is back.
parking bad
getting onto a crappy Mexican elevator
forgetting about my pet ant colony.
First impressions count and boy did I screw that up.
locking myself out of my instagram that i’ve had for 8. Bye all the messages with my best friend who’s past away
telling my husband his breath smells like shit
being accidentally racist
breaking into my neighbors house
drunk calling my ex and then having basically a breakdown
My wife and I argued and I couldn’t stop.
screwing my stepson
not eating my lasagne.
when my innocent self discovered a prank site
eating too much cannabutter
being short
buying a plane ticket to visit my boyfriend.
being a super fan for my SO's Youtube channel without him knowing
changing my age on an email
answering a FaceTime call from my mom
offending a Biden supporter
trying to spice things up.
trying to power wash a paint roller
accidentally flashing everyone
letting my dog adore me
God saw me puke cum
saving my nudes on my laptop (or even taking any in the first place)
letting myself get robbed 50 bucks.
relocating trapping a racoon
accidentally shitting my pants in the middle of the public transport
accidentally showing a work colleague a picture of a blow up doll.
getting fake finger nails
not cleaning my drinking bottle properly
asking a grieving family how their day was whilst their deceased family member still lay beside them.
getting chili juice on my goodies.
getting my brother's girlfriend a birthday gift
trying to repair a fence.
leaving my fly down on a date with a very handsome guy.
Using some else's urine for a drug test.
smoking pot and laughing so hard thought I had gone nuts. Like Mental.
getting drunk and letting more than 20 people know that i was in love with someone.
accidentally cutting in line at a Popeyes. (Minor FU)
TOFU by being distracted by the television
NOT FUCKING UP TODAY
not puttin lock on my bedroom door
Any of you had mucosal or rectal prolapse
putting in an anonymous complaint to the head boss
trusting the internet too much
slapping a stranger hard on the shoulder and getting slapped in return
being too honest with my office colleague
in shower
giving an award to a racist post I thought was a screenshot.
So Horrible!
doing some self care.
when I most assuredly, but unintentionally, hit on a cashier at Trader Joe’s
not checking my work schedule and oversleeping through a branch meeting on Zoom
booking airplane tickets with the wrong dates
forgetting to put on a condom
having a hot bath
giving my boyfriend 2nd degree chemical burns on his pubic area and balls
telling my terminally ill classmate that he's going to die like an animal.
drinking more than I should've.
trying to do something nice and sexy for my husband.
having sec with my dominant girlfriend
overdosing on Ativan and alcohol
finding out my bro faps to me.
trying to make tea at 1am
NSFW I dislocated my knee attempting a wall jump.
I made a series of mistakes today.
calling native Americans "pure bred" in Mexican History class
calling world famous chef Julia Child a liar.
checking the bottom of my friends's chair.
unexpectedly seducing my maintenance man because I forgot my appointment was that week.
for letting my boyfriend and family play League of Legends with me
seeing my friend at the beach
acting like a tough guy
causing a muscle car to run off the road.
trying to get revenge on 1 person and get my whole friend group banned
telling my entire class I was still in bed during a lecture
dancing like a worm and kissing my dog on Camara over teams
cutting my nunchuck wire.
confusing a container of flushable wipes for clorox wipes.
Heart shaped cookie
trying to apologize to my coworker
Rat in my sink!
keeping racist historic items even though I'm dating a black girl
cheating on an AutoCAD homework
trying to strike up a conversation with a fellow left hander
wanting a massage
calling a client “Karen” on the recorded line.
spilling a bowl of ramen on my PC's heatsink...
confessing to my crush because I am an idiot who forgot autoplay happens.
traumatizing my LDR bf with bloody sexy time
accidentally leaving my weed out and my dad accidentally consumed it
going to the restroom at work
in front of my dad and one of his best friends
thinking my best friend committed suicide
Managed to clog my family's toilet system with my shit
at the post office in front of a cute girl.
trying to buy an iPhone
stalking my bf's coworkers IG and finding a treasure trove of crazy
Rear end action when moving house
making a billion dollar marketing company go bust
urinating all over my bed and walls
trying a new bathroom location, until Google saved me!
eating a cinnamon roll
accepting all the coupon "offers" that the USPS gives you when you change your address with them online.
eating kettlecorn
going to war with yellow jackets
brewing homemade Kombucha
walking two dogs at once
breaking the highest award my school can give to a student and having a child steal it
participating in a cover song competition
So  forgetting to set my porn stash to hidden
not consulting a lawyer before breaking my lease
having a common name
breaking both my legs
with HR
calling out a guy for presumably putting back an item that he dropped in a store
Leaving My Four-Month-Old Son Alone With Our Dog
masturbating very loudly when the kids next door were playing in their garden. I had it playing all the way up. And the windows were open.
almost burning the house down
breaking my own nose
sleeping really sweaty next to my GF
entering the right apartment but in a freaking wrong building
for thinking I was being a nice person but turns out I was being annoying, how can I ever recover from such a bad day.
pretending to be sick
My Grandma Caught Me Beating My Meat
missing my boyfriend's butthole
I told my boss I recognized him by his shampoo.
joking toooo hard
spraying a customer with water.
thinking that if I sprayed a newly hatched spider nest that was on the ceiling, thousands of spiders weren't just going to web down and land all over me.
I shutdown a trailer park because I took shit
googling my favorite porn actress
Trying to be friends with the popular girls
sending Amazon dodgy pictures
drinking monster energy drink
losing hope
MAKING MY EX THINK I WAS GONNA KMS
drawing a penis on a whiteboard at work in permanent marker and writing my name next to it.
filing my sons taxes and delaying his stimulus check by months.
losing my medical license
accidentally revealing someone’s pregnancy and ruining Christmas
Never Judge a Pill By Its Stamping
failing to attend a large gathering my boss held for me, because I had drank too much the night before
making Klingon Raktajino
a costumer gave me a 50 that I mistook for a 20. I didn't notice until later.
pretending I didn’t know basic math
Engagement ring fuckup.
opening a video link sent by my friend
putting peppermint oil on my groin. Mildly nsfw
posting to pickup lawnmowers
editing a doctor's note
when I tried separating frozen salmon burgers while suffering from heat exhaustion.
because GF discovered that I secretly met a Female Friend (FF) that she was jealous of.
trusting the American Healthcare System
at work
yelling the n word
asking my doctor to make me gag
giving a man a dirty look
turning my sisters stuffed toy blue
putting a dollar in a strangers bag.
being used to using an iPhone
First time Acid trip Experience dawwwg
having sex after a bbq
slicing my fingers with a mandoline and somewhat fucking my ability to play the piano
creating a rat mummy in our kitchen and possibly poisoning 300 some people
at a job interview
neglecting my diet during Ramadan
knowing better..
leaving a party stealthily
mentioning trump in a casual conversation
By taking an edible to help me clean then....sleeping in and getting the cops called on me for a wellness check.
getting caught on camera looking like a creep scarfing down a bagel
getting a guy to take a photo of my ass in a pub toilet.
not listening to everyone
jokingly saying the girl in my bio lab asked me on a date
breaking my neck while stretching.
accusing my autistic friend of stealing my meth
sexting my wife
or recently) by getting blackout at my best friends’ wedding
watching youtube rewind
leaving my pocket pussy in the bathroom for my roommate to find.
kissing a girl while drunk, while still in a relationship
teaching a guitar class to 12 year olds
launching a FingerBlaster3000 on the girl I'm seeing
accidentally cutting my balls
shaving my balls
being bit by a mosquito.
sending messages and not deleting them
actually calling my ex fiancé by my ex boyfriend’s name. an update of sorts. But a FU nonetheless.
cause an ugly girl tricked me into having sex with her
damaging my phone with water
playing COD
calling 20 people retard by email
becoming emotionally overwhelmed on my evening run
having a little too much fun at work
swiping right on my ex.
This sub is becoming low quality smut fanfiction, and something needs to be done.
chewing on an M&amp;Ms wrapper and staining my teeth
forgetting 3 children at our Santa visit party for work.
UPDATE: Bad Staffer at Dog Daycare and Crazy Friend
wagering my gf in a bet with my friend.
making my whole school think Linus tech tips hacked my account
dropping phone off Yosemite
ripping my frenulum whilst going down on a girl
I almost blew myself up in a trash fire
I Fucked up by having a fight with a very good friend and saying the most hurtful things I could think of while drunk!
almost blasting myself with oil
putting NBA players into clown cars
Getting Elk Poop on my Face
posting an image to Reddit.
Accidental Coronavirus Scare
Blowing Out a Candle
trying to surprise my gf with a minty treat
playing basketball in 90F degree weather after taking too many meds and forgetting to drink water. taking my curious puppy out to play in the park.
flashing the sweep for thirty minutes straight spilling a drink into my tv!
waving off my awesome stepdads discrete attempt to ask me if I wanted to be adopted by him.
giving myself pneumonia deepthroating
accidentally training my cat to bite my finger
Today I fucked up by doing this thing at Mcdonalds
saying dumb things after waking up from an operation.
accidentally making fun of British English, and possibly Indians
making pregnancy jokes (because I’m pregnant) to a lady I didn’t know had recently suffered a miscarriage.
pooping on the couch and consequently learning how to tell time.
dropping my iPhone
I know what a yeast infection tastes like.
crashing my car for some cookies
forgetting a crucial step of my overnight food drip
having my Girlfriend’s little brother walk in on us having sex.
unknowingly marinated my feet in a strangers used feminine product for months.
leaving a used tampon in the shower
completely missing out on the most important party of my life
telling my yoga instructor I could suck my own dick
buying a new straightener
showing my in-laws I know how to cut hair.
hiring an escort from Craigslist to wrap my Christmas presents
thinking the sales call I was making was over
Please help me before school tomorrow...
almost eating sauerkraut and learning I make a "vagina face" before oral sex
Posting this
staring at two girls at the park, leading them to think I’m a creep (I might be)
drinking champagne.
being loud
TIF by eating peanuts
looking up Cal Worthington and his dog Spot
breaking my ceiling fan with my sword.
I got my tongue stuck to a doorbell
ordering 5 boxes of candy for free
asking a girl I barely know about my crush
I asked wrong guy to sell me the weed
Cheating on my boyfriend for a booty call
wearing a full body (bondage) tie to a party
using a heating pad to heat up a glass mason jar filled with milk and hot cocoa.
eating 3 melatonin gummies instead of 1 of 2
revealing my real age on an 18+ discord server
making stink spray
hanging my dogs toy at door handle
spraying my boyfriend’s semen all over the bathroom
Boyfriend got extremely high at my place pasted out and had to call his dad
having spicy cravings.
losing track of time and
sending a package to a scammer and making the worst chicken and rice
thinking I can safely can and store dairy products in a cabinet at home
touching my(F16) cousin's (M13) peepee
Almost got my tongue infected
Embarrassing my girlfriend
pickin a booger and getting brain damage
cumming to my crush in a zoom class room
logging into my old whatsapp account from my new phone having not backing up my chats from a weeks ago and having lots of unopened messages.
burning my hand trying to keep my stupid lighter hidden
buying first house only to find out it was a scam and probably lost a bit of money.
paying for a movie on Amazon that's included with my Disney+ subscription
accidentally setting my oven on fire
calling my friends mom a bitch this Mother’s Day
I really f*cked up today
going kayaking with my phone and not listening to a kind stranger's warning
My hamster was killed due to my own stupidity
trying to violate the rules of NNN
wearing a mask at school
slaying niggers and faggots
getting myself a big scar.
mixing up my dates
causing an accident while using a work van during driving test.
I asked about a controversial topic and humiliated myself
giving myself hand poked tattoos
injuring my dog and nearly killing myself.
Human Growth Hormone - Some FAQ
showing my Reddit account to my conservative dad
using whiteflower on my girlfriends back
having a dream
A good friend of mine thought I spied on her
graphically exposing my vagina in the pub
stating I can’t wait to see what else 2020 can throw at me.
being a hero pouring my having too much chocolate milk and not enough attention span.
making my friends think I want to kill myself.
lost a bet (NSFW)
having my steam name Greece is Macedonia open while my sisters Greek friend comes over to our house.
smoking with my sugar daddy
...by responding to client’s nonsensically
catching my turd
giving oral sex to a married man I met on Grindr
allowing a toddler to eat shit.
Tdifu by dating a man older then my mum and everyone thinks I a lesbian #tdifu
forgetting to use the bathroom
flying a kite
nearly gassing myself in a room filled with bug spray.
yelling at Gary Sinise in an airport and peeing next to Thomas Haden Church
peeling my penis like a snake
trusting a random Facebook market seller
wetting my pants in front of my boss
rubbing cat piss all over my face
Tasted my cat's urine
dropping my phone well driving my motorcycle
posting a comment on a site without thinking who might read it
putting “I Voted” stickers on my boobies
possibly eating ants.
urinating outside and not realizing the cops were in my vicinity.
Dentist Shame.
not going with my gut
By accidentally putting orange oil in my bath
rushing a bathroom renovation to surprise my wife
eating a sausage.
dropping my phone in the toilet
having dessert for breakfast
Comparing His Dick to Bacon
sharting myself awake
Today I fucked up by not checking if there was toilet paper
sending a meme to a group chat.
reading way too many post-apocalyptic books
making my breakfast consistently smell like my shit.
asking an elderly lady if she needed help
What acting agency’s from the uk allow you to audition for castings in America?
i got scammed on discord
letting the parasite, AKA my wife, move back in my household.
assuming a girl liked me and talking about it because I was worried and liked her friend
almost missing one of my biggest finals, getting stung by a wasp, and getting 30 hungry students sequestered for two hours.
and got girlfriend arrested and hospital quarantined for wuhan virus
making my classmates think I had autism
watching home videos before a family eventI closed my pp in a Lazy Susan
giving myself an avocado hand
asking a girl out.. in front of her boyfriend who I thought was her father
befriending my long time rival
3 Years ago I fucked up
joking with my crush about his penis
calling my beautiful match fat as an April fools day joke
accidentally inhaling a shitton of bleach
making a joke about police officers and trying to steal their guns
Thinking My Car Was in Reverse
using my Fiancées straightener as a clothes iron
getting a chocolate donut and a breakfast sandwich
I’ve never regretted anything more in my life 🤢🤢
almost breaking my leg
suggesting my 9 month pregnant wife shop for lingerie at the 'thick womens' store as part of some post pregnancy clothing motivation.
not respecting how sharp aluminum is.
asking my best friend for relationship advice
Giving fire croch a wholes new meaning
hanging out with my friends when I was supposed to be quarantined
accidently peeing on the entrance stairs of a 5 star hotel and watched the stream flow down.
I said horible things to my grandmother
believing in evolution
telling my Australian date that she was smoking hot.
answering the phone like a dumbass
not knowing my numbers.
watching porn on my laptop.
eating taco bell
being foreign
getting explosive diarrhea at my friends parents house
getting stoned and ruining my girlfriend's night
asking my "gf" why she was feeling sad.
LPT:  forgetting how gravity works
not muting my self on a work zoom
getting a bottle of tea tree oil stuck in my ass
Today I Fucked UP
Dont talk about religion. A little long Tl;dr
Joining Onlyfans 🤭🤍🖤
been spoken about my boss without him know it
leaving tinder downloaded on my phone
being screaming at a stranger when i was partially at fault
not watching my brother
buying my mom douche for christmas
violently shitting myself in the shower on my period
taking pills and not reading up on potential side effects
tripping over my dog
Using Nature's Icy Hot on the Wrong Parts
getting an ass-boner in the shower
getting caught shoplifting.
being honest to my marketing teacher about not wanting to come to her classes
using a dirty hunting knife to open a lollipop
when I try to make my dad laugh
playing Stayin Alive by the Beegees at a funeral.
By trying to get one over on McDonalds UK
so hard I got scammed and now I need as much help as I can get
doing an unnecessary eye test and now my vision is blurry
forcing myself into an already full jeepney
marinating myself in pubes
trying to say hi to an old HS classmate
“telling” my friend who I liked.
sending a Fanfiction that I wrote in our Groupchat
unintentionally professing my love to my boss in front of her fiancé
using a bread slicer machine to cut off a part of my finger
not curating the backdrop for my video calls more carefully.
saying “thanks” after I told someone to have a great day and they responded with “bye”
being my boss' translator
By making chili
submitting gay erotic fanfic instead of my assignment
humping an exercise ball
giving myself detention
scared my dogs and the Fire Department responded.
stealing from my best friends’ aunt.
getting involved in cheetah poaching...and the cheetahs got revenge
ruining my partner's orgasm
being chemically burned by a beetle
signing up for a job I'm unqualified for (spacecraft engineering)
kicking my pregnant mother in the stomach
not taking a receipt when returning my sister's shoes
setting my Wife's pajamas on fire
when I pour a bucket of water into the toilet and my socks went down the drain.
being smart and dumb
ringing in sick to work.
putting in the wrong directions
mistaking the smell of s**t for oranges and s**tting even more. (Pls don't remove for doody).
trying to save my future children
telling about my depression to my teacher
giving myself a haircut.
fucking my dad and getting kicked out.
trying to enjoy a shower with my girlfriend
telling people on the internet I reuse condoms
when Korean customs and immigration detained me for “fake” quarantine documents.
wearing lotion to bed
letting the NYC DoB into my house.
dipping my testicles in hot sauce
listening to music on my morning commute
rolling up my window
stalking my friend's girlfriend
making the solo creator of an indie game extremely mad
eating a Tobasco flavored slimjim.
joining an optional Zoom meeting
Putting My Life on Hold for Six Months
Don’t smoke in bed
not exploiting others during my misfortunes.
chugging water before donating plasma *DONT READ IF AFRIAD OF BLOOD/NEEDLES*
almost driving off a cliff
When I bought a wireless PS3 controller and it didn't work on my PC (and I don't have a PS3) (Suggestions and solutions accepted)
One digit away
eating paper instead of LSD
spraying coolant all over the floor, my workbench, myself, and my dad
I think my mom wants to disown me
smelling like a dead animal in art class
calling my fiancé 2 chainz as she wore my late mother and her late granddad.
telling my boyfriend’s 65 year old parents that they should divorce and remarry
I touched a car cigarette lighter AFTER it was hot
hiring a nanny for my kids
making my gf sleep on the couch on Valentine's Day
broke car window and takeout
Dislocating My GF’s Kneecap
"giving" the CEO of the company i work in severe DOMS giving my girlfriend a facial
being a narcissistic asshole and being dumped on.
opening up to my ex who I still love and probablly ruining my friendship with her
breaking a mirror during PE class...
sending my dad a picture of my dick
riding my bike with my mouth open
Played $1 slots way too long.
loosing my car keys in a river.
unknowingly purchasing a lifetime supply of condoms
constructing a Bernie Sanders temple
Won a million and had to pay 2
making salty ass tea for my important family guests.
taking a nap taking a nap
posting a screenshot
being too focussed on nutting
making people from my field of study write in a test StarTrek's language of Klingon as an artificial language used in congresses and operas.
reading a reddit comment
When I gave my non-stoner coworker an edible and he called an ambulance
going in deep searching thru google
A MAJOR ACCOUNT!!
making my high school think I'm gay
getting farted on and making an intellectually disabled kid feel bad
being intimate with my dentist, in his office.
caring about my plants too much and thus making my house smell like eggs for (hopefully not) ever.
walking in on my parents on my mom’s birthday while trying to maker her breakfast in bed
getting my mom high as a kite
drinking coffee before bed
Bob Marley
having sex with my brothers wife
Asking out my crush
telling my family that our Christmas day Zoom should be clothing optional
covertly translating my French girlfriend's diary into English to find out she doesn't love me
trying a curly hair hack I saw online and breaking my hairdryer.
reading an AskReddit thread
dropping my phone stylus into my toilet.
sticking my fist in my client’s wife
... shoving the leg of a doll up my ass.
using a very poor choice of words at the worst time
nicking my left ear shaving
nearly severing my finger
assuming a co-worker was much older than she is
destroying a door at my school
farting in an old asian woman’s face
making a random dude think I'm some sort of serial killer
talking with my friends about porn while accidentally sending/recording a voicemail to my mom
committing a Christmas cardinal sin and also starting a fire in the house.
asking my neighbor for help with our baby cats
switching family drs during a pandemic to one 1.5 hours away.
accidentally making eye contact with someone, causing them to scream.
clogging the toilet again
slapping my boyfriend in the face
inadvertently sexually harassing a coworker
my relationship over a game
protesting when my wife used words such as "conquered" and "routed"?
not realizing you have to inhale weed..
opening a link sent by my "friend" on Steam. Got my account hacked, and treated my real friend like shit.
Is this sub still about people slipping and landing on dicks/random sexual encounters that don't sound believable?
bu believing that human kindness is an actual thing without strings sometimes...
not putting my suitcase up on my honeymoon to Japan.
buying poisonous flowers
and my child is dishing out all the death glares and probably not talk to me today
getting scammed on FB ):
calling 911 during a 200 person lecture
peeing and shiting in my pants whilst working
I genuinely feared for my life.
by video recording a big ass in front of me
misunderstanding my neighbor
accidentally dissing my school while commentating
trying to be supportive while religious
looking at memes in the bathroom at work (NSFW)
I seriously hurt my neighbours kid and covered it up. I feel awful.
I Reached Out to Someone I Loved and all my Feelings Came Rushing Back
I forgot to pull down my underwear
giving a girl the wrong number
Breaking my classmate retainer and it was 8000 dollars
charging 71$ to my father's credit card for a private webcam show
calling someone a name, getting punched and then getting fired.
Not today but...
unintentionally flashing a pregnant mother of two and my fiancee's mother, alongside six other people.
trying to harmlessly and jokingly pay my wife back for a prank, but I'm afraid it may have a lasting impact on our relationship...
ripping my vajayjay in the early hours on my birthday.
breaking my child’s heart
How it feels being a quiet kid in the dance circle.
sexing my besties younger brother, and giving him a concussion
ordering from competitor by using my business address
im 16
How trying to be active resulted in me having a hand twice the size as normal
calling the emergency services while trying to cheat a mobile game
accidentally buying the wrong book for a course, and spending far more time reading than I needed to.
leaving my messages on my mom's computer
buying the wrong silverware
leaving an eight minute long message to my college admissions counselor. Oh and I told him I loved him.
and got pulled over by the cops on my way to a date. Had weed, and did not realize my tag was expired. Also I live in a stated where weed is still illegal
trying to open a beer bottle without an opener
telling my girlfriend she would look better if she was thinner
posting comment on my friends Instagram post.
What comes around goes around, yeahh
telling my little cousin to look up “Colombian Neck Ties”
saying All Lives Matter while supporting Black Lives Matter
giving a stranger unsolicited information about my balls.
reading a love letter from my crush 8 months after it was written
Calling my wife (c-level executive) a retail department store associate
I overdosed on Benadryl in Mexico thanks to a ruthless sunburn
asking my boss if he wanted me to pick him up weed
telling professors I never study.
When I Left A Beef Roast Out
girl that likes me, and i really like found some nsfw accounts i follow on instagram, ruined my chances.
pulling back my foreskin
Swatting My Ear
getting banned from unpopular opinions
drinking and ruining a friendship and subsequently ruining all my other friendships leaving me alone.
failing my science class
being (accidentally) discriminatory (probably)
getting caught smoking weed (short)
almost killing my cousin with a chandelier.
flipping the bird at work
going down a steep hill at 50km while riding a janky 3-wheeled-drift-cart...
pouring a mimosa on my girlfriend
falling in love with a prostitute
rubbing one out in the shower
driving a manual for four years
commenting on my friend's tweet.
mistaking my cats for rats.
I Had a Panic Attach
catfishing someone i thought was catfishing
I used a vacuum to clean spilled Chipotle off living room rug.
explaining something to my son then doing it anyways
going on a rant on reddit and having the police come to my house
online exam
leaving a stink bomb for my employers to find all guests in the hotel to wake up to.
dragging a whole server of people into an issue I started myself
taking a party game too far and making a friend hate me.
calling my mom’s phone while I was having sex
mishearing what my dad said
making a classic left the microphone on at the wrong time in class mistake
Buying a Woman a Drink
shaving my fucking ass cheeks
Not Snacking Before Dinner, And Thus Ruining My Entire Week
saying yes to a blind date and it hasn't even started yet.
TIFI by altering space and time.
Instead of going on a date, I went to urgent care
playing my favorite band / singer on blast
"making fun of" my friends anorexia my mistake
sharing an instagram story and not specifying who was passing
drop tools off at nans, she forgets and phones the cops.
accidentally messaging my friend, calling her a “fat a** bi***”.
ignoring an odd feeling in my testicles
trying to use my husbands bench press.
giving myself an enema in the shower.
lying to my sisters
almost exploding the turkey. Twice.
drinking warm milk before talking to my landlord
Hi! I'm new to the community, because some kids told me that they could help me here, are they geniuses? ... I'm a cartoonist, and I want to develop a project. Help me 🌽?
money covered in chocolate
A KISS
when my little brother used my wife's "pussy rag".
almost going to a porn site on a user's web browser at work while they were following along
That awkward moment
letting one of my students bomb my zoom date.
attaching the wrong image
not lying upon returning a piece of clothing a friend gave for free
eating too much ghost pepper cheese dip
pissing on my new kitten
listening to Discover Weekly on Spotify and thinking my computer charger was gonna explode
going to me friends house and getting cheated on
having a scented candle next to my keyboard
taking viagra when there was no medical need.
calling my overweight bf a cow
jacking off so hard I fainted and got an inch-and-a-half gash on my head that needed 7 staples
Getting Kissing My Crush
screaming as loud as I could for no reason
being le secks gril
logging back into Facebook after 5 years.
rushing to work and having road rage.
not driving to work
asking my crush to have sex NSFW(?)
Telling someone to Yeet themselves.
I smashed my thumb while making brownies
accidentally making Geico think I was suicidal and getting the police called to my house
leaving a hand-written note
feeling sick and shitting my pants in bed
asking a girl her age on Roblox
being late to an exam
thinking a murderer was in my room
blowing up a coca cola can and burning an exchange student's leg
screaming at my family
giving the wrong acronym definition to my boss
cleaning my fish tank right after testing its water parameters.
leaving my hair down
leaving my car unlocked and getting some valuables stolen
swinging my school umbrella to a ret-infested curtain
Ended up in wrong dentists chair
thinking a test was a practice quiz
Belched in a Girl’s Mouth while Giving Her her First Kiss
saving porn on my class' drive
whatching Japanese lesbian porn with a high enough volume for me to hear trough the headphones and for my 16 y/o step sister to yeet here self out of the house for 2 hours
becoming a gay cricket (Back with a Vengeance)
eating ice cream and making social services think my parents are abusive.
Thanking Someone Inappropriately.
Accident bought 999 Chromecasts
accidentally training my cats to be PITA
My life is ruined
Sex
drawing huge "FUCK FACE"s on a really skilled teacher's class whom I underestimated.
raging at a game and brwaking my hand
using a toy on my girlfriend while home for Christmas
hotboxing in a parked car
Today i fuxled up by asking the pastor of our church what he does for a living.
For cleaning an IPhone port but fucking it up instead.
getting slightly buried in my backyard
seperated from my wife 3 years now
breaking the trust of my friend
Rescuing a Dog
letting a father use me to extract secrets from his daughters
accidentally buying a $500 jacket printed with the confederate flag
trying to have sex with my boyfriend who just sliced a couple of chili peppers for dinner
Pavloving my wife, causing her to get hungry from the smell of my gas
taking a dump in an unplugged toilet
pooping in the middle of it all
TIFUpdate-Not taking pink eye seriously enough.
accidentally sleeping with a woman twice my age
giving my friend the wrong address
making a sex tape narrated by Hank Hill and Dale Gribble from King of the Hill.
not knowing that a memory card was a thing on my ps2 when I was younger.
going to a graduation party
making a step-sister joke in front of my brother
telling my cousin how I feel
Friday I told a young African-American woman “I own you”
I was asked out by a girl and made the mistake to open my heart.Not me but my mom
starting my finals 12 hours before they were due when I had all week
disrespecting a religious law by rubbing my housemate's head
leaving my boyfriend after I met up with my boss
going on a 3rd date with the girl who tooted in my face while going down on her
sharing my dinner with neighbors.
sending my grad school professor my draft copy
Messed up real bad. Had a speech about medieval history. Had to talk about "knickers." Several black people are very disappointed.
Tossing my Glasses into a River.
getting locked in my school after basketball practice (video proof in my next post)
sparking up around noon.
breaking my front tooth.
texting my sister when I thought I was texting my significant other. having a few beers
getting a bloody nose in class
I almost burnt my house down with Roman noodles and a microwave.
almost breaking my legTofu by almost breaking my leg.
entering a toilet without paying even though I should have and making a man suffer the consequences
Wisdom crumb #4
20+ years ago my dad f**cked up by saying no to a ground floor sales job/ investment in redbull
and commented on r/RealGirls without having enough karma.
starting my day with a healthy superfood beverage
peeing in the woods and wiping with a leaf.
teaching a guitar student a Red Hot Chili Peppers song
gagging so hard I shit myself
licking my baby sister’s vagina
reading Berserk
I should’ve probably just cheated on my test.
misclicking
The most beautiful woman just hit on me but I was too oblivious to notice until it was too late.
sending explicit text messages to my mom.
accidentally poisoning our soup
rejecting my landlords
accepting a short trip
nearly killing my family...
letting my cat play with string
gifting slime and letting my husband help me
sending my oldest family friend a NSFW photo of my girlfriend and I.
cheaping out on food.
somehow forgetting to wipe.
How To Stop Biting Nails Forever
telling everyone that the payroll lady died.
having all my eggs in one basket
gluing and burning the head of my penis
going full Scomo and forcing my interviewer to shake my hand.
not thinking ahead.
having roach bait in our bedroom
not realizing my uncle was home
confusing my boyfriend with a spiral of gross disasters
getting it on in the back of my car and not telling my gf I was circumcised
leaving my book on the ground
tuggin’ the slug while I had my dad’s deodorant on
trying to rhyme corona
In class embarrassment
I missed the opportunity to land a date with a girl who was sending me signals...
trying to break apart my friends who were banging cricket bats together for no understandable reason.
having a threesome with a straight girl
thinking I had some time to jerk off
leaving my debit card in the machine
getting caught having sex in boyfriends car by my parents
hating my daughter.
giving a vegan girl animal products and getting in too deep to ever tell her
almost giving myself and my SO a heart attack.
sitting on the arm of the couch too long and my pelvic area "fell asleep".
Just take my money
not knowing that snakes fart
hitting on a girl im seeing's room mate
getting so high I gave myself a panic attack.
By not helping a woman break into her car
drunkenly thinking a dog would adhere to a human rule
learning how to type the wrong way for six months
learning you can pinch a TV to hard, and break it.
allowing my dad to answer my front door to some evangelists.
trying to be sexy.
sex sex sex sex sex with sex and ended up in sex
making crude jokes about someones scars, knowing it could've been self harm
letting ny cousin see my bfs messages.
I asking my GF's Mom if she's down for sex thinking its my GF on phone.
Annoying neighbor gets what he deserves
taking an entry-level job to stay in my hometown, rather than pursuing my career right out of college
in the shower by dropping my phone.
falling asleep on my bed and waking up to my kid masturbating on my back... mildly NSFW.
trying on a jacket.
trying to cook while being exhausted
having an ant problem
accidentally sending a text to my manager telling her “she’s breaking my balls and being annoying as fuck” accidentally telling my manager that she is “breaking my balls” and “being annoying as fuck”
waking up my sisters having morning sex drinking orange juice
eating a lot of pig oil (pls help)
Scared the piss out of a blind man
accidently becoming an anti-masker
forgetting my good friends birthday
having a shot at cleaning up
yelling at my dad for never being home.
getting dragged to a sex shop while having an overbearing mother
destroying a model rocket, and getting sued
exposing my vast drug knowledge to my dad whilst watching TV
telling a bunch of strangers I pee like a walrus
not adding detergent to the laundry for 4 years.
messing around with batteries
staying in a toxic friendship for way too long
canceling my job interview.
trying to get my body temperature.
telling her she is not feminine
eating 2 weed brownies 5 hours before my night shift
doing my job correctly
creating the Forest of Feces.
making my girlfriend self conscious.
when a girl came talking to me
telling a guy I like I don't want to text anymore
not realising I was invited to the office Christmas party asking out my crush
accidentally showing my boyfriend’s friends a nude pic on my phone.
telling a friend that his mom will know the recipe
Dreams of work
mixing up the names of my guy friend’s sister and ex
having 3 colleagues fired by lying about my race
taking a dookie in our office building that's empty for coronavirus. The bathroom lights are attached to a motion sensor. I can't trigger the motion sensor from the stall I'm in. Now I'm unable to wipe because It's pitch black.
I inadvertently sent a photo of my buttplug to my entire husband's family
White people have to be careful”
kidnapping 3 kids for 24 hours
(NSFW)  leaving my vibrator in my bag under my bed in my dorm room while I was visiting my family over the weekend
believing a random number was my crush
Losing My virginity
I blamed a noise that sounded like me farting, by yelling “IT WAS THE WALL!” to my entire high school class
doing the sexiest sex that was sexy (it was super hot)
touching a girl who was flirting with me
accidentally seeing my mom having sex.
committing stolen valor, getting second degree full body burns, and making my clothes forever smell like marshmallow vodka.
deleting all the drivers on my pc
forgetting the name of a Super Hero and almost losing my job
rgdddddgdraefaes
sarcastically telling my wife that the coronavirus is man made to get rid of old people
Drilling though a gas main.
Poor financial loan decision
downloading Unity
trying to get an old pen working again
Masturbation and UTI Male
not realizing that my PC has been dying for over 2 months due to the failure of my case fans resulting in me having to shell out over 170$ for a new SSD, multiple case fans and over 150 GB of lost porn :(
posting a nsfw pic to a r/nsfw community. And my dad took my phone while I was asleep and reddit gave me a notification!
blasting my wife in the face
breaking a light panel
eating cheese and shitting my pants at work
because I lost my grandpa's inhaler and change of money I brought to buy it
making noodles and nearly blowing my house up
showing up at a party one week early
accidentally *roofieing* myself
letting my girlfriend plan trips around Australia.
not replacing my window screen and finding a bat in my room and letting it free outside
dropping my airpod into my shit filled toilet
semen touched brothers water bottle
giving an email scam all my personal information
secretly leaving my house to a party and an earthquake happened
holding my cat after he ate
commenting on a relative's baby
My dad might have just heard me singing in the bathroom.
missing my med school interview
Boys will be boys
1 year anniversary gift
doing a favor for a friend who got sick.
I uploaded my passport in a sketchy website
TIFY by learning motorcycle driving and went into incoming traffic in a curve (near death experience)
accidentally embarrassing myself in front of an entire classroom
secretly developing an ant allergy
not submitting the second part of an online final exam worth 50% of my final grade
commiting a crime accidentally
I lost my copy of animal crossing
insisting to my teacher to put a SpongeBob Squarepants episode in class.
giving head and throwing up the munchies on 420
losing my engagement ring at work.
not telling a story about today!
I Sharted In The Movie Theater On a First Date
accidentally hitting on my brother
connecting my phone bluetooth to my dad's cars
trying to suck my own dick
I fucked up by Opening a Thermos.
Went to the Doc for check up and he asked me check my testes size and I did it right in front oh him.
deleting my sister's Nintendo Switch user
DM Regret
finding 5 Trojan Horse Viruses on my PC
posting screenshots about my fiancè cheating on me into the wrong Whatsapp Chat
logging into Reddit and realizing that yesterday was my cake day.
telling my boyfriend I want to get married
letting my partner get a golden shower
at coffeeshop job interview
drinking milk.
I AM THE TABLE I AM THE TABLE I AM THE TABLE I AM THE TABLE
Camping in Southern Utah Range last week with my two children and was woken up in my tent at 4am by two strange men.
missing all opportunities to say "See You Next Decade"
I made a generally avoidant girl, terrified of me.
Making A Poor First Impression
giving a like
and made a horrific hypothermic mess of myself
Thought I ate a can of black bean soup...
Letting My GF Give Me A Dick-shaped Hickey
using a friend’s face as my Yubo profile picture
dropping just about everything I touched.
putting yogurt in the wrong place
mom walking in
ruining my friends 18th birthday
not thinking when ringing up a customer.
forgetting I had lesbian songs on my playlist when I played it in the car.
not submitting the second half of an online final exam worth 50% of my final grade
almost burning half of my house down because of my boyfriend's DIY
convincing my dad to come to parents evening.
letting my best friend use my phone
recording porn of myself when I was a teenager and then forgetting about it
Do y’all watch YouTube ? IF SO IM ABOUT TO MAKE YALL LIVES 10* bet
Outing myself as bi
smacking a lady in the head with a long "pole" in front of 100s of people
Today l fucked up by making fun of my wife.
mixing up my schedules and fucking over my employer for a girl
A text message to my girlfriend. Yoghurt saves the day.
eating my own crap.
tricking my classmate into shattering a window.
comparing our loving dog to a piece of furniture while digging his grave.
not finding this reddit sooner
going back into my room when my mom is calling me out for dinner.
CAUGHT CROSSDRESSING
My brother saw my private texts please help reddit :(
giving a poorly drawn last word on my assignment
accidentally waxing the back of my hand
dying my sideburns
trying to prank my Brother!
wearing an ugly jacket
a stealing a cat from a man who lost his dogs and wife
Told my classmate I fapped 5 times a day; entire class knows it now.
eating a salad left behind by a customer.
Telling My Fiance I Was Buying NordVPN
finding my friend's dad on Grindr
my mate throwing weed out of my top flat window.
trying to kayak in the middle of a flash flood
I've been going to the public laundromat for 3 years. Turns out, the basement door of my building is NOT an appartment, it's the laundry room.
making me hate eurobeat by crashing my car!
finding my sisters second reddit account
attempting to pour water from a 600ml bottle into a 550ml bottle.
Playing Ram Ranch On My Parents Alexa Full Volume.
teaching an old dog a new trick
not starting dinner
when my fiance asked me: "why do I have to repeat myself 100 times?" I answered without even thinking: "Because you need to fulfill your destiny?" She was kinda mad, and tryed to be funny but also kinda come backy and now she wont speak to me mad and she stared to clean our flat.
opening my airpods case at a family lunch.
cutting off my girlfriends nipple (NSFW)
sending money to a guy on discord for a rare pokemon card and beleiving his excuses as to why it hadnt come. Leading to a swearing session with a bank employee
touching my balls after making jalapeño poppers
not clipping my toenails
not adhering to my airplane appointment that I had set in a previous time dimension.
accidentaly being racist
asking my little sister and her boyfriend to help me move a sofa
not closing the lid on my spice grinder.
After watching a video on the topic i searched "Teratoma" on google
letting him stay over
leaving my mother all alone for the whole Christmas
dumping out beside my car.
touching a poopy cat butt
suggesting my fiance's step dad watch Marriage story.
calling the police on Minecraft Steve
making my new roommate think I'm racist by accusing him of smoking weed
butt dialling 911
going to a girl's house even though I was sick
texting my ex trying to make everything between us out in line again.
trying to do my homework which ended up with me in the hospital
“giving a coworker a hand”
jerking off with glue on hands
My friend found my vibrater
giving my BFF "Hard Lemonade"
NEVER BITE OFF MORE THAN YOU CAN CHEW!
spraining my ankle because of animal crossing.
commenting on a conservative post (mentions of sensitive topics)
messing up my first cake day posts
drinking way too much alcohol...
spicing it up
thinking I could have f*** twice in a day
changing clothes (NSFW)
being held at gunpoint by Police for urinating on the Houses of Parliament in London
waking up late in jungle
not washing my hands before taking a piss
Drinking coffee when I was supossed to be sleeping
Accidentally alluded to a tinder date that his ear (or lack thereof in this case) was a result of inbreeding.
swallowing an earplug to cure a headache
I think my "best" friends girlfriend is into me. . . and i'm into her too. accidentally causing my ex girlfriends parents divorce.
getting caught pissing in a sink in public
not cancelling Amazon's free trial for Audio books and had to pay up.
receiving a gift
trying to see what people on reddit think of me
almost blew myself up in a trash fire
almost knocking myself out with tea and drowning.
the chaos class
deciding to go to busch gardens.
Hooked up with Papa Smurf before my doctor’s appointment
not listening to 90s music while doing yoga
telling a customer she’d die
Spending my New Year
being stupid keeping all of my bottles together on the bathroom sink and having to go to urgent care
outing my friend as a cheater to his girlfriend.
unintentionally dissing my school while commentating a basketball game
taking grammar advice from Reddit
standing buck naked in front of the cleaning lady. Twice
getting caught in the staff kitchen of my college having sex with my boyfriend in a country where you get sentenced for premarital sex.
getting caught receiving oral by my girlfriend’s dad.
missing out on Always Sunny in Philadelphia for five years
when I got roofied after switching drinks with my friend.
Not a good story but
almost getting myself killed
eating an onion bagel
flying low (NSFW)
smearing blood all over a client's brand new bathroom.
sending a screenshot of a joke from r/jokes to my friends
not paying attention to my toddler.
wearing loose fitting clothes
I made a joke about my friend’s mother forgetting that she had passed away recently due to COVID-19
losing my virginity while having unprotected sex with my girlfriend during lockdown.
A Tucking Fruck Up
accidentally setting fire to my dog
starting a war
not checking what was going into the washing machine
letting my dog lick the dirty dishes
half drowning myself in my sleep, then breaking a hole in the wall
having hot, steamy sex with my girlfriend at a funeral
I got an anxiety attack when i was pooping
thinking about directions anatomically
a video interview for a new job.
not noticing my rent payment failed
trying to parent my dad
inadvertently ruining a funeral
teaching my 5 year old about spelling words backwards
accidentally turning my Wife’s end of year video for her kindergarten class into something much much worse
when I consumed more caffeine in 4 hours then I normally do in a month...
blocking a drug dealer without telling him the reason.
I asked my Nanna if we could go to the ‘CEX’ store
making a joke and unknowingly be wrong about the situation
giving in to a panhandler at a bus station, which only escalated the situation
accidentally making a Korean woman think I was a pedophile
laughing in the hospital elevator while with my dead friend’s mom
calling my girlfriend the wrong name during sex.
locking myself out of a car
smacking the shit out of my sleeping girlfriend...
Sending "hub.com" to my Professor and Senior Classmates.
accidantaly dropping my 250€ phone in water
tdifu by not standing in church
shitting during a webcam chat with my entire class.
being a weird kid with weird friends
thinking it was Father's Day
TIFU_SmokingWithMyMom
starting myself in a Hilton Hotel
masturbating with the window open and the light on without checking my surroundings
being high on narcotics in front of my boyfriend’s family and I didn’t even realize it.
kicking a burnt firecracker.
By responding with “ok” when my therapy client said “I’ll be back, baby” to his wife.
taking 4 Viagra as a joke to impress my ex
Found my moms “magic wand”
sucking up dead crickets with the vacuum...
telling my mom(F37) that I(F17) was touching myself
when I realized I was in love with my best friend
cleaning my bathroom
trying to teach my 9 year old step daughter safe kitchen practices.
giving a Crock Pot as a birthday gift to my wife
unknowingly talking to myself for an hour and a half.
putting a bead in my urethra
not being harsh enough
for offending my cashier
chuckling at a tiktok video my wife sent me.
so hard I might be banned
trying to make peanut brittle in the microwave
losing a bag full of used condoms and cum filled latex gloves outside
bringing the wrong sketchbook to school
swinging a bit too hard on a kids swing
not remembering my summer retail therapy purchases
jacking off in the privacy of my own bedroom?
making fun of stranger for buying large amounts of ketchup
Not pooping for 3 weeks
getting caught going through a strangers car
tagging my cousins in my NSFW account
Groundhog Day
being too lazy to go out
forgetting to turn off my alarm in front of my parents.
being stupid and signing up for aws
making some delicious medicated cookies and accidentally sent my husband on a trip he won't soon forget
getting myself possessed
haveing sex with me girlfriend
calling a customer 'penis'.
believing I was in the early stages of food poisoning.
getting way too fucked up before my best friend's wedding
asking for my brother's meds.
and discovered that I'm racist.
calling my professor a goof
not realizing my cake day has passed
because I called Martin Luther racist
thinking POC meant ‘Piece of Sh*t’ and POTUS meant ‘Piece Of Total Utter Shit’
sedating myself before work
Explaining My Marriage In A "Too Casual Way"
getting chili juice all over my goodies.
setting off a silent alarm ... twice!
cracking my phone screen from a bowl I made in ceramics class
hanging up on my girlfriend
not realising my foot was numb
Today I fucked up (kinda) by searching the wrong things on google
giving my boyfriend an award
killing a koyote in gta5
accepting gifts from turning point USA
exposing my son to adult gifs on my tablet
pretending to be a realtor
setting expectations
when dropped soap
peeing on a chipmunk
not throwing my trash in the bin
I am single. Hmu
I, an atheist, accidentally said “oh my g*d” instead of “oh my science”
getting high with my friend's fwb
writing "Butthead" on my shower wall and terrifying my wife.
giving a blind woman only visual directions
leaving a vibrator at my aunt's
saying Han Solo popularized the assembly line
talking about the work Christmas party in front of my disabled coworker I didn't know wasn't invited
making a huge snapchat group on accident
attempting to unplug a filled-up toilet.
locking myself out of Paladins, possibly forever
making a cop suspicious and getting extremely lucky
leaving a multi-thousand dollar piece of equipment in the room of a dead man
left the speaker on and connected
with fish oil
not know what CBT stands for
commenting on a loud noise
drinking red bull when prone to crashing
showing a stranger my girlfriend’s tits
Today.... I fucked up.... Big time... (Involves new friends, new enemies... And a very.... Very... Awkward situation....😼)
sending my pregnant wife to the hospital
washing my laundry with smelly soap
two months ago by adding fifty crickets to a terrarium in my bedroom.
getting a bruise in the stupidest way possible
finding out what type of porn my gf’s dad is into.
trying not to die, so I wouldn't be a shitty dinner guest for my new friend.
buying LSD in a family neighborhood
making a former alcoholic accidently break 7 years of sobriety
feeding my dog cabbage.
texting my Ex while drunk
going to the bathroom in a bar
paying $50 extra for car inspection
Pavloving myself with artist/rapper NF’ music
not telling my husband my phone and iPad were in the laundry hamper.
Laughing About Australian Wildfires
sending Carl Wheezer Nudes To My School Groupchat
telling my brother my dad hid his illness
ruining what should've been a sexy moment
giving my SOS her anniversary gift two weeks early.
putting on my girlfriends underwear
accidentally inhaling dangerous butane gas when I was meant to inhale some weed.
accepting a university offer
reading the shuaiby suicide thread on reddit
scorching a sorority girl’s face
taking her boyfriends chocolate bar
accepting Jesus as my Savior
eating a hamburger.
Big time
assuming clippers could be used on body parts that are not smooth.
reading amigara fault
changing a document.
wanting another popsicle
killing two $200 transgenic lab mice in surgery and lost thousands of dollars in lentivirus.
pressing one button that caused my whole project to break.
posting almost the entire bee movie script on r/
saying "genital" on the morning announcements at school
shooting a music video in my basement
LPT:  starting a fire in my house
leaving an Amsterdam hotel room looking like a murder scene
talking about a political candidate's wife - in front of the candidate
taking a chug out of what I thought was my can of Coke, forever ending the enjoyment I used to have for drinking cola-flavored sodas.
salivating all over a nice old ladies face
interviewing with a company... and referring to them with the name of their rival
touching my boyfriends ass
My asain parents found out i wasn't doing any of the school work. I found my self in a sticky position reddit : giving my boyfriend multiple UTIs.
sipping the piss jug.
scaring an old lady with a walker
leaning on a stove
not taking a pen out of my pocket
telling a stranger's kid was annoying me.
forgetting how to breathe in class and getting doused in hand sanitizer
making a horrible first impression on a girl at a pool party.
getting sick in the middle of the night
trying to find the owner of a sick stray cat that showed up on my porch.
being too cool 4 sQl
Taking Fentanyl
I accidentally made my whole family break up, and they kicked me out
f19 looking for fun and trade nudes kik me @ roxylor00
cracking my knucklebone punching minecraft wolves because of sleeping drops
not checking the status of a post I made 9 months ago
letting my son see me eat his mother.
asking a woman when she was due.
masturbating too hard and going to prom peeing blood
not throwing out a bunch of old condoms
buying a PS5 from Facebook Marketplace. not putting water in instant noodles
putting Guns N' Roses lyrics into my girlfriend's poem
becoming exactly the thing I swore to destroy
not realizing anybody was home
not installing my bidet attachment right away
making a complete ass of myself on the dance floor in front of everyone.
I got god awful timing.
cumming in my cum sock
accidentally putting my own nudes on my Snapchat story
unwittingly using my mom’s fear against her.
eating pen ink
I did a r/whoosh as a joke wrong
thinking it be a great idea to loose weight w with drugs
holding my kitty
guessing which room my girlfriend was sleeping in at her parents' house and guessing wrong
going to the cafeteria
accidentally stalking a woman at the local park
almost telling my dad where my mom lives.
sleepwalking
making a blind man spill coffee all over himself and the person next to him
killing Kim Jong Il
cumming on my sister
posting an ISIS joke on our school group chat
accidentally cursing at my 2IC at work over the phone
taking my grandma to Chipotle and scraping my knee.
telling my company that Im ashmatic so I need to WFH
getting 5 tangerines stuck in my ass
needing to catch up on 8 weeks worth of material in 4 days before a final.
accidentally water-boarding a puppy
puncturing my neighbors tank (as in water) wheel.
not changing the baby’s diaper when I heard a fartWhat are the things that you want to do but banned from your community or religion?
calling my best friends cheating partner a cheater in front of everyone
Texted my teenage son "you have a huge package"
sending pornography to my grandmother
having SEX
killing a spider
Today I fricked up
scratching my car while trying to navigate Google maps
I AM A PLANT I AM A PLANT I AM A PLANT
doing an assignment extremely wrong
saying I don't watch movies and shows to new friends?
zipping my "frank and beans" in my pants.
flirting with a "Chad"
at a Black Lives Matter protest
clicking a guy's photograph
getting stuck under the seats on the bus
sending my friend a top Reddit post
burning out, failing college, and I'm not sure if I'll bounce back.
outing myself as bisexual
stomach pain but when i eat it goes away, it's been happening for 5 straight days now. I;ve been constantly farting and whenever i burp my stomach feels weird. should i go see a doctor?
and "redirected" my energy. Aka "anger"
for masturbating after using a burning gel
trusting someone
Today, my computer messed up.
for telling my mom I didn’t love her when I was high.
being kicked out of my nursing assistant program because the Dr. doesn’t like my signature.
waking up today
leaving my back pack with my laptop, expensive headphones, microphone, and other various DJ items, in my car for a few minutes.
I don't think he'll ever take another bet when drunk messing up my friend's confidence, perhaps.
Don't drink boiling water, kids.
sending my boss a video about a swingers and fetish club I regularly frequent.
What does stand for?
ruining santa for a kid 3 days before christmas.
forgetting how a siphon works
forgetting how to swallow food and drinks
forgetting to do my laundry and having to wear my sister’s clothes
running with a full bowel
having a bm in the trash can in my room
bringing weed on a cruise to Bermuda
buying my grandmother a Rolu
accepting a random friend request accidentally throwing a brick on a car
kicking myself in the balls.
meowing at my mom.
realizing i put the wrong employment start date on resume and submitting it to jobs
leaving my dildo within reach of my youngest
breaking my mils gift. Twice. And costing myself $185
not making a real story
posting a very demeaning Facebook, making me look like a total dick, and it was all by mistake
crisps everywhere
letting the entire class watch me jerk off dick and all.
thinking I'm non-binary
pranking people online and losing all my friends
posting something I thought was harmless on r/Ouija and was forced to eat my family.
applying for a Macy's credit card for the 20% off
accidentally showing my sister a screenshot referencing something really inappropriate
S*X toy delivery in front of my conservative flatmates
Killing a Pitcher Plant With a Danimals Smoothie
having a crush while wearing a mask.
wanting to pet a cat at work
being logged in to my college account on two different devices while writing a personal statement for an application
Having Fun Time With My Wife
catching sweet potatoes casserole on fire
for forgetting not everybody uses Reddit and calling my mom a retard
Me and my family almost died
im alive because of 9/11
drawing a picture of a hamster and almost burning down my house.
joining a zoom call too early
A very public spittake
accidentally causing my Friends Family Breakdown
showing my friend my Reddit account
expecting high quality posts from this sub.
trying to be inspiring
telling my mom I’m the pussy wizard Gandalf
I pooped myself at school
Scented Candle was a bad idea
rejecting a cute girl’s perfect advance due to my self immolation
master-bating with my girlfriends “lotion”
joking at school about printing 10,000 pages-and then printing 10,000 pages. telling my dad I’ve had chlamydia
jerking off, not finishing and then pissing.
giving a youtube streamer my zoom classroom code
calling my male coworker a girls name over our P.A. system
climaxing into a cheetos bag.
having a long and disturbing dream as a result of me love for psychological horror
indirectly calling my friend ugly
getting blocked by my crush
accidentally exploding a whole gallon of milk
I missed the cristmas star
staying in quarantine
Cactus Fruit
pretending to know about something I didn’t
got my number banned for tinder how do i get tinder again
laughing
Losing V-card in a WC with a HOE
revealing to my family that I conducted an experiment where I ignored them...and they didn't even know.
My wife fucked up by age shaming a fellow mom at Walmart
Lying to own father, stealing money, and causing a paypal dispute from someone online.
Joking about My Hideous Christmas Gift to the Person Who Bought It
realizing too late how babies are born
fucking up my parents anniversary
going to class sick
clowning around and getting black pepper in my eye
smoking weed withh my ceush
asking a new friend how he gets off
trying to stop a thief like Captain America would
telling my classmates I would molest them
Doing Immoral Stuffs For Wanting To Take A Shit
admitting to my wife that I used to give my mom massages
submitting an assignment without reading the grading rubric.
sending my wife a cat video from Reddit.
unknowingly hooking up with my ex
being around a friend who made the “Joke” of bringing a gun
sneaking a local mega club into my pants
microwaving pants...
shaving my eyebrows
visiting r/watersports in front of my coworkers
almost causing a huge accident
Penis Vagina Sex
having dark hair
screaming when my baby screamed which led my sleeping husband scream out of fear.
accidentally staring at my friend's butt (I was really just blanking out!) 30 minutes after a discussion about how staring at butts is wrong.
broadcasting my nerdiness to the world
not realizing I was allergic to chocolate for years
Unknowingly said a joke about friends dead mother
being polite to preacher who sat next to me on a flight.
New Onlyfans Account
So heres how my first day of spring semester in my junior year went... porn accident
ruining a child’s Christmas
not fixing the convertible top and it rained damaging the interior in 2006
buttdialing my sister
helping my crackhead neighbor pick up a weight set for her foster kids
ignoring my friends calls and texts.
getting WAY too into a blackhead extraction video at work
sending a mean text at a bad time
letting my anger issues go unchecked
Public train transport chain reaction
not closing the trunk
sleeping with my expensive headphones on the same bed.
crashing a car and getting myself into debt
lying about something to a woman I really like and she ended things.
making my teacher think I'm a creep during an ocd episode.
getting an AncestryDNA test done...
adding sugar to a can of seltzer water
How do I approach this situation?
not paying attention in Biology class
aba
storing photoshopped pics of my office crush on a shared drive
getting caught while watching the strip club scene of GTA5 at work
using the elliptical machine all summer instead of running.
Wanting To Fart In A Person’s Face sending suggestive pictures to my married friend
giving the name of a transgender pornstar (instead of a musician) to an Elementary teacher (vaguely NSFW, but not really)
agreeing to come over to an ex-girlfriend's place (who I haven't seen in 9 years) to hang out, which resulted in me babysitting her three-year-old daughter, and her as well, for 5 days straight while she went on an alcoholic drinking binge
What's your most recent moment?
kicking my gay stepson out
trying to run some errands while home from work suck with the FLU.
yelling at a solicitor with my pants undone.
almost, fingers crossed) by working overtime on new year's day
unknowingly announcing to my friend's coworkers that he disliked working with them
parking in section C
Outlet, New and Used Furniture Warehouse, Miami
switching my dog's dog food
asserting my dominance
washing dishes with hand soap
I HAD SEX WITH A RETARDED NIGGER FAGGOT
possibly ruining someone's chances at PhD because I forgot to announce my professor that I won't participate at the admission exam
brushing my teeth this morning
sending my grandma porn
having my legs fall asleep while using the toilet at work
realising I have fcked up x0000 number of times, every time I have interacted with my gran
finger-blasting my girlfriend
NOT losing my wallet and doing the right thing
not realizing that there was a naked lady in my zoom class
eating ghost chili sausage
when my mom caught me lying in front of whole family !
telling my realtor I waxed my cooter
walking into the women restroom
accidentally drinking my own bathwater accidentally drinking my own bathwater
I sent an image to my father instead of a friend, and also cursed.
getting my foot crushed under a garage door
giving my karma to my sister.
taking the wrong pair of socks
making the final payment on a phone I lost 17 months ago
getting my friend's cousin kicked out of her house
being 45 minutes late to class. I'm the teacher.
accusing my best friend of cheating and she was actually raped
judging a poster at work
answering the door for the police.
for having sex with my grandfather.
being a gymnast when I am not a gymnast
up by opening my phone to a NSFW picture...at work
gassing my house
saying “your mom” to the teacher
pooping so much McDonald’s need a plumber
sorry just test about to remove it
getting mad at the kids upstairs running around and throwing something worse than glass at the ceiling
cheating on my bf
showing my boss a picture of my vagina.
drinking a whole jar of poop potion
accidentally cheating on my wife
almost seriously injuring my manager that hates me
i lost my job because of corona virus
and could have burnt my house down
asking my hubby what was so funny?
insulting my soon-to-be mother-in-laws cooking
drinking the wrong water and pooping in a dog bowl.
taking too much Ketamine and crashing my car.
smoking way too much weed for a first timer
still sleeping with a plushie at 25
asking my friend to send me nudes as a joke then trying to delete the message
transferring music for my phone to my PC
drying my pyjamas.
getting banned for r/pics
turning a Girl lesbian.
joining a p0rn group on Facebook and forgetting about it
SLPT mod asked me nicely to slow down with posting and I replied to his message "Eat a d*ck". Didn't notice he was a mod. Got banned permanently.
calling someone a slur and her exposing me resulting in me getting reported to the school and principal.
I’m never going to try to talk to friends again
my phone dying (and all the hellos I wrote at the bottom lmao)
shooting fireworks into my neighbor's yard
getting water in my ear
telling my SO I watch feminist porn
smoking peppermint
By accidentally seeing my sister topless as I walked by her room.
I complimented my Bubbe’s new oven and almost gave her a panic attack. Yay me
By getting high
playing super smash bro’s
telling my GF that i liked being called daddy
thinking I had some time to jerk it off
using a secret hallway to get a sandwich from an all women’s convention?
submitting a post on Reddit
getting caught butt naked on a bathroom floor
scaring a cashier with my new car
applying toothpaste to my scrotum
hooking up with my new step-sis and get a very not circular circle tattoo around my nipple
snapping at my grandmother
having a threesome with my ex and his bf. UPDATE.
making direct eye contact with catwoMAN
Deleting Every File On My Computer
telling my friend he was getting cheated on and having orange juice change my life after that
self-publishing my book at the wrong time.
playing apex legends while in an online class.
creaming myself all up.. then trying to take a shit
Mushrooms at work
I shit my pants while sleeping
I flipped out over buffalo wings
bu consuming a high amount of the at the wrong time
accidentally watching someone kill themselves
literally!) and got a tampon stuck inside my girlfriends vagina
holding an SJW shadow work workshop
telling a guy on the bus to shut up
taking 4 hits of acid while drunk at 9pm
trying to use the bathroom at the birthday of my father in law
I broke my phone display
not hanging up the phone fast enough
getting my anti depressant dose raised, resulting in my penis being assaulted
laughing at my moms funeral
buy trying to sell a digital item for real world money.
Broacasting my Toilet in an Interview
showing my friends come play
using an Ed Sheeran cup to accidentally decapitate a gecko
getting a puppy (it's not what you think)
offering to update my dads computer and ending up wiping it
trying to help an elderly woman find her grand niece when she had the wrong number, and called me instead.
due to autocorrect
not realising what STEM means.
taking a shit during a blowjob
texting a guy until 4 Am
giving my Grandma pepper spray
buying a box of celebrations for someone who'd broken up with their partner.
leaking my info to prove i don’t care.
Not me but my brother mistakenly burnt my uncles taxes papers for this year(t4,Bill's paid and unpaid and more)
asking a friend a video of him having a good time
My healthy option
getting locked out and stuck in my own back yard.
r/popular showed me something bad in public
breaking up my best friend's family over a video game.
not checking my Minecraft settings and wasting many hours in inventory menus over the past 5 and a half years
throwing my under-cooked steak out a window
forgetting to clean my face properly after my boyfriend finished on my face before going to his parents house for dinner.
Remember the that ugly asian guy wrote of raping his black out drunk sleeping cousin and then wrote here humble bragging and putting the blame on her when he walked into her room where she slept and stuck his hands and small dick in her?
Learnt I make things worse when I try to fix stuff.
Beating My Dad at Laser Tag
getting butter in my eye.
posting an F1 scoop for karma
almost killing my son.
getting that green grape soju
Shower foreplay gone wrong
getting drunk and spending the night at my friend's house
trying to steal weed from a weed farm.
thrashing in my sleep
getting high and forgetting I’m watching porn
taking a nude using a youcam filter
listening to Last Podcast on the Left while working from home
keeping a pen in my pocket
my friendship with my best friend .
First day of Freshman year of high school I accidently joined the wrong class.
puking during a pandemic.
I hooked up with my team lead's ex.
bringing a laptop with a damaged battery on a bus...
trying to get a gorgeous females phone number as if I ever had a chance
Idk how to make friends and ended up making the same toxic friends multiple times
being a drunk mess and having a one night stand
manufacturing weapons on campus.
I had to give it a try TL;DR
throwing a knife at myself and shredding my glove
These guys really fucked up
Having a Little Too Much Fun on a Roller Coaster
trying to be overly dominant in the bedroom
asking out a coworker and losing a genuine friend instead by trying to salvage the relationship.
making Siri listen to me relieve myself
I don't even know what to say...
being to woke
aspirating a caramel and ruining Thanksgiving..,
Eating Cookies With My Cat
I Screenshared Uploading Youtube In Class
forgetting my menstrual cup
accidentally not paying Amazon for „midnight sun“ on kindle
violating a NCO
The day my teacher stole my headphones
being as asshole and doing nothing while cows destroyed years of work.
trying to clean my fan
by not being more like my sibling
thinking Twix were made with peanut butter
trying to get my dog to come inside
accidentally outing myself to a classmate
neglecting the stinkbug problem in my apartment and washing my dick in the sink
misquoting a price and getting fired
clogging up the toilet.
getting sent to my uncle's home after getting into one small fight.
watching YouTube Rewind 2018/2019 again.
Today i fucked up by saying the n word
buying an Apple Watch without doing my homework
giving a woman a back massage
blowing my Tire on a bloody curb
sticking my hand on a cactus with a million tiny hairs
Almost Destroying My Girlfriend's Hand
not buying lube (NSFW)
wanting to improve my spanish in Hispanic 4chan
joining a company with poor planning and an ego.
laying naked on my bed
eating a cold hot dog
telling the son of the deceased “Have a great day” after hugging them.
sending SHEIN a photo of my ID - of course I sent it to them!
sleeping with my friend and wrecking my car.
taking off my shirt instead of my pants to pee
being glad to be born
No more Passwords
comforting my cat... a little too much.
catching a flashlight:
willingly walking into an aggressive molester’s house
ordering 8 dishes instead of 2
ordering sex toys addressed to my dad
handing my unlocked phone to my bf’s 10 year old daughter.
not taking piles seriously
By making a milk frother explode
ignoring a pimple for wayyy too long UPDATE (not that exciting though)
accidentally stabbing myself in the leg during a worldwide pandemic.
taking shrooms, falling into a cold lake, and taking the most ferocious shit of my life
not letting my self driving car drive me home.
getting scammed of $100
trying to buy a gift for my mom
sleeping thru an attempted handy because I’m a heavy sleeper.
using the wrong name on a condolence card
telling my aunt to just “monitor her cat overnight”.
putting my mom in a Psychiatric Ward
Stop pregnancy without pill at home
but it wasn’t me it was my FIL
being lazy working from home and not doing anything
convincing a friend to google dinosaurs and getting suspended.
sending a snap
losing attraction to my gf after she pooped on me during anal
help me
discovering Reese's Donuts at Krispy Kreme
making mashed potato
stepping in dog shit and not realizing it until it was to late.
I jammed my pencil and can’t fix it.
singing in the car... with the door opened.
throwing away the plug after cleaning a P-trap
accidentally teaching my toddler that breast milk can be called "boob juice"
pissing on myself
when I ruined my chance with a cute girl
ordering apple juice on a coffee date and then going full ♫ Sweet Home Alabama ♫
not reading cooking instructions
listening to my crush and roasting her
I am black give me karma👌😀😀😀😀😂👌😭😀😡😠😡👌😭😂😀
leaving my garage open during band practice
feeding my kid Turkey
sending an email to someone that I shouldn’t have sent
for waking ontop of a bridge (and falling directly into concrete)
being in the wrong place at the wrong time
lending money to a friend who got scammed. TWICE.
I FUCKED UP AT 14
LPT:  sending my 10 yo daughter to school with a NSFL picture of a naked man.
being too lazy/busy to cook. Ended up wasting three years of my life
feeding an ant colony every day for a month
having too many enemas.
I said I love you
trying to help my customers get healthier and ended up getting a glimpse of a nightmarish tableau and PTSD
sending my side piece to the hospital with my penis
Trying to Say, "I Love You" for the First Time
TIFI by finding a porn video of my gf online.
cheating and never realizing it
killing a fish
sharing a video on Facebook.
raging at Mario
telling my mom's boyfriend why she was mad at him.
getting bags of mortar and concrete wet
not realising my uncle had died while I was visiting him.
sending my mum porn by accident
accidentally telling my step daughter that I'll leave like her dad did when she was less than a year old
making a joke about a dead baby
Ashamed of the smell of my own bm
Not Knowing How to Get Gasoline
making my school think I’m a terrorist.
watching a blooper
going off on my boss
Do NOT try that there
walking to the closest bar and getting drunk
eating a bunch if altoids while high
introducing someone to Mean Girls
while talking about my boobs
getting drunk and yolo'ing an important conversation with my wife
Lounastoly
trying to break up with my girlfriend (which I didn’t mean to.)
letting me act before I think.
when I restarted my computer for an update.
2USA/online-Naughty girl doing naughty stuff 😘😘
waking up.
and got my car repossessed
sending my Mom a message on a high dose of xanax. Any help would be appreciated. Thanks guys.
accidentally trafficking drugs at the airport.
playing a buged game that gave me nightmare fuel
going through TSA
overdosing Vitamin C
sending my teacher PORN by accident
almost getting my dog killed.
doing “Hot Ones”
asking Japanese guys if they speak Japanese
eating McDonald’s every day for a month and losing my scholarshipR/cancelcory
"helping" a bee
Come to play with my Pussy
making my ex’s new gf cry at Christmas Carols so hard that the police kicked me out...
measuring my wheelie bin.
Today (Like 10 years ago today) I Fungused Up by being clueless about a girl wanting to date me (Yeah, original but hear me out...) (Also fair warning, Omega Gargantuan Long post so yeah...)
putting the wrong employment start date on resume and then submitting them to employers
being impatient and burning my hand
probably showing my mom porn
saying IDGAF to my tiger parents.
Locked in Handcuffs
looking for a battery
Dropping a AirPod in my grandad casket
splitting my pants in front of my whole class
socialising
telling my secret crush's body to 'Stop it'!
accidentally being super racist
and accidentally exposed my sister’s best friend as a non-virgin to her fiancé to be.
telling a customer I hated them
with the police coerce a false confession out of me &amp; making threats towards me.
buying a book for a computer language that isnt in use anymore
eating breakfast in my car
saying "ok boomer" to George Papadapoulos
trying to fart in the bathtub
and almost ate some wire insulation
embarrassing myself in front of my sister
trying butt stuff
looking at porn on grandma's computer
How to get it finished
arriving at class early.
playing Dragonball Legends
allegedly cheating on my boyfriend
trying to get up with an injured lower back
video calling my gf (NSFW)
Running Out of Lighter Fluid.
being good at my job
leaking 300L of beer out of a tank into the basement of a bar I worked....
I faked a bad stomach which resulted in an operation
hitting my gf with a book
Reached Out to Someone I Loved Now All My Feelings Came Rushing Back
not paying attention to my cat
Cleaned bong with rubbing Alcohol and salt before offering bong hit to alcoholic friend
forwarding my husband's gossip about his boss TO his boss from his new phone
sitting on a freshly bleached toilet and having to use the very old chemical shower
accidentally walking into a police honeytrap.
Telling my friend I was going to give my Crush Candy
By letting the fat girl be a substitute
sitting on the toilet too long
telling my bf a fake story that he didn’t buy and he called me out of having a weak bj game.
sending porn on class group
giving off gay vibes to a gay guy
being my mom's emergency contact
helping a crazy old woman at the laundromat
I tried to heat milk up in a kettle
making my neighborhood smell like cum
helping a kid inflate his bike tire.
being found guilty at court martial and my family paying the price.
fucking a vacuum, but my dick isn’t hurt.
almost getting arrested at school!
puking on my favorite singer at the restaurant i work
taking a hit of weed pen when I have to go to get my physical for USAF
Evading the cop
homemaking a fleshight that blocked me from getting laid
Jumping in my corridor and breaking the roof
attempting to have sex after having a bad cold
kicking a trash
Today I fucked up by scheduling a call with a college counselor then oversleeping.
being too awkward to correct my name at Starbucks
messing up my solo then saying fuck onstage at a school play
wiping my hard drive
doing anal on myself
accidentally groping a woman
going to the bathroom and coming back to my class
not letting all of the shit to get out of my ass
recalling the wrong memory. blowing a hole through my roof when I ejaculated
going into Joann fabrics really high.
losing my sobriety
leaving my camera on for like 5 months
I realized that the other half of my interracial marriage is Karen.
using a fake name to sign up for a free trial.
giving a boy my number then locking myself out my car.
bringing up Queen to my boss.
forgetting Father's Day
party mix up
using cologne to mask the fish smell in my rental car.
faking a positive COVID-19 test result to get out of my last shift
putting my jacket on before flushing
the time I went to my dad to expand my vocabulary around swear words
casually sleeping with a coworker, finding out he's a psychopath, and ultimately taking his position when he quits
trying to sell my house
sending millions of text lines to twitch chats in under 10seconds
TIFIU: By stopping a bag theft right after buying some weed and getting busted.
trying to joke with a bunch of Christians about taking away a whole table of food
Pulling My Hamstring and Cumming At The Same Time
cutting the wire on my braces
checking if an electric stove is hot with pat
tangling my hair in a comb trying to show off to my crush
showing my cousins published comic piece to my father
overdoing my phsyio
having the biggest morning brain fart ever
posting on mobile
My nose battery incidnet
telling my date I l'm technically still married
Taking a bath after a little too much
going abit too far with playing with someone
screaming into a bathroom.
Woke up to smell of gas and thought nothing of it
mixing my antidepressants and my sleeping pills by accident in a new country where I don't speak the language right before starting the university semester
forcing air into my ear
Jerking Off
seeing my FIL's dick pic
telling my cousin her husband was on YouTube with a friend
eating lip balm thinking it was chocolate
tearing my pinky badly
forcing myself to eat gifted cake
being a step parent
removing my own mole
ft. My boyfriend
Barack Obama gives his approval for Drake to play his life story and says he has the family's approval
jizzing on my hands
smoking a cigarette on my drive to my first day of work.
Asked if my boyfriend is a liar.
installing the trial of Virtual Audio Cable and not realising it in my zoom class
asking an old man if I could speak with his dead wife
catching my oven on fire
not using a network cable
Post removal
Telling my Family my Wife was going to die...
squatting at the gym while wearing a thong.
having a trio pee in one urinal
not finishing my exam
peeing in class
not clocking out from work for 3 weeks straight
trying to have extra special sexy time and my body ruining it
Adventure on the high seas
and flushed my AirPod down the toilet. ‘Twas brand new. Also touched my own turd on accident.
accidentally catfishing a girl who thought I was another person with the same name that she was really interested in.
eating prunes before a meeting
yelling at an antimasker at work
using the wrong medication
I ate my boogers in online class with my camera on
googling my symptoms
boiling my pipe
going out to drive for the first time
after taking some night shots with my camera
picking up fuzz off of the floor
dating crush’s best friend
adding protein powder to my fruit smoothies....🤢
over doing THC pills
TOFU by wanting to introduce my niece to reddit but accidently showing her a nsfw subreddit
setting overclocking my new graphics card too far.
setting off the fire extinguishers at work and evacuating our entire office building
not wearing ear plugs to an extremely high-decibel concert
taking a walk during a pandemic
helping a recovering alcoholic buy alcohol
Addressing the Wrong Name on a Linkedin Message to a Possible Recruiter
not posting a story about poop or sex on this sub.
getting too drunk with my boyfriend.
I chose Green as my favorite color for Parler app and it messed up my phone
having a dog.
Today I fucked up by making my mom throw away my used Condom
Probably should have stayed home...
telling my mother i watch borderline hentai
almost letting my sister drown herself in our pool.
aggressively rubbing my girlfriends moms back thinking it was my girlfriend for about 5 seconds
accidentally cutting my dog.
calling my girlfriend bad at math and making her cry
not dealing with my issues
listening to my best friend gush about a guy and then immediately showing her where me and said guy are tinder matches.
roasting the fuck out of my friends essay
breaking my 2-1/2 years "Done Dating" assertion.
leaving a carton of whole milk in my gf's new car for three days only to have it explode and soak into the flooring.
sending a picture of my pants around my ankles to a would-be date
having sex!!!
becoming someones only friend even tho I dont care about them
missing obvious signs in a tinder hook up, friend-zoning her and getting creepy
being oblivious to my thicc nose hair
sampling cat urine
masturbating on an airplane
looking like a NAZI at BLM rally.
trying to watch a gameplay at school
feeding my brother my lube
calling my colleague a boomer
at Cane’s Chicken
buying Pokémon
running a red light and could have caused an accident
asking for protection in a pet store.
ignoring this beautiful woman reading post names out loud without thinking
trying to be adventurous
posting that I finally did my math homework on whatsapp status and the teacher replied
farting at my desk all day after I forgot I was no longer working from home
saying “Mazel Tov!” too early
exploding a can of DustOff in my house
saying “Thank you, come again.”
flashing in the photobooth (17f)
going on a trek and accidentally offended someone
saying I hate Sriracha
i sprained my wrist
staying at home during the Coronavirus with a dementia victim
flipping off a cop
raising my voice to my son.
using an epilator
leaving Reddit open
removing my Menstrual Cup
sending what I thought was a safe screenshot of my browser to my class
(figuratively) setting my body on fire with an energy drink
not making it to my work toilet in time
my best friend found my Reddit and saw my post about him
Being Honest
ruining my friendship with a girl.
drinking the worlds strongest coffee twice in a short period of time
shitting my pants.
almost losing 20 grand
By picking my nose after cutting habanero peppers
Helped by XAP
leaving an envelope with my nudes in my purse
flushing down a dead plant down a sink
googling a co-worker on a group chat while sharing my tab
Sleep schedule is FUCKED.
realizing my power sockets arent actually broken.
The dangers of olive oil
traumatizing my 20 yo brother
using the Frozen characters as an "Off Limits Sign" for my toddler.
because I flooded my kitchen
lighting my hair bangs on fire
letting my cat in the bathroom
yelling out YABBA DABBA DOO at the bar.
trying to dispose of a booger
reporting a bug I found on an online casino site
attempting to murder my kids (from their perspective)
taking a toddler on a stroller ride with crocs
Falling for a Utility Scam
drinking a venti cold brew at Starbucks
finally exposing how much I hate somebody, and snapping
saying I hated Obama
Rolling My Boss's Trailer Down a Hill
doing an April fools joke on my friend.
walking in the girls bathroom on accident in the first day of my trimester.
trying to get a happy ending...
wearing a pad
playing a voice message of a woman moaning
quoting anime during sex
for being toxic in a video game.
throwing up in a supermarket because I was so wasted that I ate what I thought was sugar but turned out to be detergent powder
getting a return flight one day earlier than I should have
wrapping myself in saran wrap, waking up in the hospital and claiming that is my fetish.
getting my menstrual cup stuck inside of me on a backpacking trip with my boyfriend of 2 months
defending myself at 4-square
30s male lost my temper due to grief at the exact same time of year as I always do.
I broke my banjo string (3times)
offering myself to do drawings for free when I wanted to charge money for it
asking my friend what she was doing
Parked my truck up overnight. Woke up slightly incapacitated.
explaining a pimple popping video so it sounds racist
I wasn't listening to music
not enunciating.
getting fucked up on main
doing drag and rupturing a testicle falling off a tree
wearing my Teletubbie pajamas during class + bonus story
pulling the bonnet lever on the gas station and thinking that I didn‘t pull the gas door lever hard enough
touching my balls, and making my hands smell like pickle brine.
not knowing the meaning of "cuck"
running a red light in front of a cop, after sitting next to said cop blasting "Bad Boys"
messing up my counting
shitting in my pajamas and throwing away the materia
accidentally airdropping old lady porn to my dad...
not applying my sunscreen correctly
impaling my ass with a piece of wood
while trying to cut a lemon with a knife
kicking my boyfriends ass so hard that I tore ligaments in my foot
marching with the wrong person
writing a 5-page history essay worth 30% of my grade in 3 hours
leaving my dildo on the wall overnight.
doing a race with a fucked up ankle
Naruto running at the park
wearing a strapless bra with halter top dance costume
posting my cat’s picture in a reddit thread
stopping my recording in the middle of a prank in Minecraft
making an old man burst into tears
taking way to much acid for my first time and nearly getting stabbed.
One year ago I fell for the Moroccon Sextortion Scam
ramming our gate and accidentally killing a dog
pocket dialling my boss during sex
wanting to be a pig but not wanting to take in the calories resulting in almost ruining everything on my cd shelf
ordering far too many sponge puddings
crashing a golf cart into a fire hydrant
forgetting about the built in mic in my PSVR camera sensor and making fun of my teammates usernames and skills
taking too much lsd and hurting my girlfriend
singing karaoke, while on break, while doing the dishes, while being on zoom meeting, while not having muted my mic, while running 10mins late, while my general managers has joined to introduce himself.
learned that we are cousins ​​with the girl I met on Tinder
opening a link from a discord server while sitting next to my girlfriend.
posting a non-FU in
breaking in my white sneakers
playing porn to a handyman.
realizing that half this sub doesnt really feel ashamed for its “inappropriate perceived ” actions but rather gets a kinky kick out of them. “ letting my mom see me bust a nut and wank for a whole hour”. I CALL BULLSHIT forgetting how to use words
when a boy tried to make a move on me, so I crushed his hand in a recliner chair
saying yikes to my professor announcing why he went MIA the weekend before our exam...
kissing my sisters boyfriend
making a joke about what turned out to be an urn full of my friend’s husband’s ashes
getting drunk and telling everyone "I want to get filled up"
cheating? on my boyfriend with two strangers online :(
roughhousing with a person I thought was my friend
being in a Discord call during a Zoom meeting
masterbating having put my dad to sleep in the guest house after rubbing in his deep heat.
building an expensive computer, just to find out there’s no way for me to connect it to the internet
trying to save money and it would have been cheaper if I didn’t try
awarding a judgment bot GOLD instead of OP.
sending $270 to a scammer
masturbating in class in front of my teacher back in middle school
assuming my friend was joking in Russian for almost a year
failing to bash a kitten's skull in, and I now feel like a monster.
offhandedly using the word ‘gargantuan’ while asking a guest in the restaurant to describe the person joining them.
eating Pizza
addressing my professor as “Ms. x”
Trying to be friendly goes horribly wrong
Woops
getting drunk before cooking christmas dinner
telling my bf his dick tastes bad
flashing the ultrasound technician
trying to convey my appreciation to my amazing senior citizen grocery lady and ended up sneezing in her face instead...during a worldwide pandemic
forgetting about the only day its easier to get free internet points
thinking the water temple would be easiest to beat now that I’m older
telling stuff I probably shouldn't
ending up in an emergency room, because of my birthday present
peeling an orange with my nail a little too short
Acted like an asshole towards a woman
being too grateful and breaking a promise
trying to hook up with a girl while high AF!
ordering extra data out of anger
not changing my truck battery
cock blocking my fiance twice in 12 hours NSFW
TIFUUPDATE: By taking free condoms from my college
going down on a nerd and almost dying
selling a crypto 24 hours ago and missing out on 50,000-60,000
listening to a movie while working from home
Welp !
giving my mom my Reddit username
watching too much anime and dislocating my knee
inadvertently subjecting my Mom and SIL to a barrage of dick pics.
wearing underwear?
We should be able to post pictures
going to a protest but not filming that I was there trying to kill a mosquito
( NSFW)  NOT cumming during sex
hating on Apple solutions to my works Boss
Not Knowing My Friend Was In Danger
my phone glitching and random co student seeing explicit photo of my wife
getting high af
forgetting it was low tide
erasing half an hour of work while fighting the urge to 💩
mistaking my stepmom for a pillow
flooding a hostel room in Amsterdam getting new glasses
surprising my vegan fiancée and dog rescuer with a trip to see Wolves and foxes, ran by the British Tiger king.
and accidentally stole from my brother
making a series of mistkes
revealing my upper body to the whole class during a zoom lecture
eating peaches, garlic, and seafood.
updating reddit
doing a rushed Radio Playlist
using a pen name
telling my black coworker a Match Hedberg joke
trying to take a few steps on my balcony and ruining someone's meal, and having to pay 100 Euro.
5 years ago....."
Massive oopsie
By doing coke Friday night and having a first date Saturday
mishearing my friend.
thinking I won my wife a prize at Starbucks
washing gas soaked towel
game tips https://downloadaimbothacks.com/pubg-pc-aimbot-hack/
left pee so long it grew moldly
talking positively about taking candy from strangers with my 4yo.
ignoring a deaf person and walking away
snooping my then-girlfriend’s phone.
finding used condoms in my birthday cake
Fainted in front of urologist
not realizing I was staring at someone's breasts.
hotboxing my bathroom while in the bathtub, falling asleep, and forgetting my in-laws were coming over.
sending the wrong message at the wrong time..blowing up a bathroom
staying up all night gaming with the boys and getting suspended from my swim team
wearing a leopard print onsie
giving a roasted pork femur to my dog.
telling my fiance to mask her poop with disinfectant.
I messed up my chance with a girl by lying about my feelings for her
vacuuming cat shit
getting a little bit too frisky with my long-distance girlfriend.
achieving snap
Today I accidentally sent my mother a NSFW Reddit post because of a splash of Jizz.
TIFH by looking at my Dad’s recent searches
fainting on a first date
Today I f up by losing my bottom brace at school
Learning a harsh lesson about nature.
forgetting my gym key
letting my sister use my phone.
watching porn on a friend's phone in the washroom.
not kissing her
ALSO not opening a gift for years
checking my daughter for pinworms.
and if my dog could speak, he’d have some pretty choice words for me
living paycheck to paycheck
sounding like a racist asshole because I didn't want to out myself as trans
drinking apple juice
drinking too much
cutting out drywall for dust
I burned my nuts like crazy using aftershave
because I was hungry
taking my dad's Sim card today
Getting into the Same Accident 2X
Hand
cheating at a class
being told happy birthday
accidentally telling my fiancé a pun during sex
accidentally joining a meeting while speaking to recruiter on my personal mobile
and got a tampon stuck...for two plus hours
accepting a job without asking any questions or negotiating
having sex on my boyfriend's kitchen floor and getting caught by his mom.
analing myself with a hairbrush
TELLING ONE OF MY COWORKERS I TRIED TO KILL MYSELF
watching a weird movie with my sister and cousins
not listening to myself
Today I fucked up
I snuck behind my boyfriend's parents back and I think they tried to stalk me
I completely forgot my mask at the store and ran out
software company in Thrissur, Kerala -PROGRAMERS GLOBAL
physically hurting my boyfriend in a bipolar episode.
staying up for no reason
trying to show my turtle the view from my balcony.
ripping a fat one during an online meeting
I didn't look at the assessment task.
telling my brother that i would throw his cat out of window under circumstances
setting of a bomb in my school
Deleted my files on my Mac
Accidentally tasted my own shit and explosively vomiting all over my wife and tiny flat
applying aloe vera gel on my balls
telling a coworker to stay safe and I reminded them COVID is real and to be safe.
not being a girl on reddit
ifu by not studying
and found out my emails have been sending under the name "Titty Sprinkles"
renting Brokeback Mountain for my father.
making a Reddit post that indirectly revealed my mother’s massive secret
joking about orgy to an online friend.
SHOOTING My teacher with a pencil in His NECK!
Today i fucked up my lungs
going to a sex shop.
picking off and eating small grape-sized ball of mold on my bread.
trusting a fart while grocery shopping
not reading my university proffesor email till the end
confronting and taking out an entire Italian mafia cell
because I 25M misread my girlfriends l 47F sarcasm and had a mental breakdown.
fucking my bedroom door
thinking I understood how these new electronics work but obviously did not
being lazy and buying a bottle of wine at the movies.
BiBitcoins
turning my bedroom into a gas chamber
to the time I tried to make a sarcastic post on the group “funny” and it was taken literal and got deleted within 15 minutes.
reading some posts on here.
interrupting a meeting and might get fired
not knowing how to work a cork screw.
posting a nude video with my face in it &amp; my brother saw
calling my mom's close friend's daughter "Sister"
making a Butter Beer grenade
kicking in the front door at my dad's house
telling a conference call to eat a dick, bitch.
Not Knowing How To Eat An Artichoke, Which Led To Me Arti-Choking
paying taxes
making my mom think im gay
Going out by car
shitting on the side of the road in front of my future Father-in-law
asking for juice at dinner
only shaving half my face
Now I feel like a dick
walking on what I thought was a closed nudist beach
pointing to a former student's chest and saying that she'd really "grown up" since I taught her. I was talking about the college logo on her chest, though. She didn't take it that way.
telling my partner I don’t like our puppy
telling my ex a little more than she asked for
trying to get my Jewish Boss to wear a star.
opening my heart and telling my boss that I love him
I now have crisps (chips) everywhere
crashing a car I was borrowing from my sister
getting caught masturbating on my S/O's cousin's bed, by said cousin.
sucking in Chinese
fixing my long sleeves
tripping out with a razor
casting Spotify to my neighbor's TV
not cleaning my vomit up...
giving massive discounts on hotel rooms causing my company to lose alot of moeny.
rubbing my eye
I tricked a guy in thinking I was a voice actor.
trusting someone with my new band name before registering it on any social media
telling a grown man I like his tattoos of Pokémon.
trying to comfort my dog while he had an upset stomach
I broke our new tv
trying to "wax" my legs
thinking my roommate killed my frog
not paying attention to my health
accidentally posting some content for r/gtaonline in r/plantabuse
calling into work sick to get a day off for fun, cant go back until i get tested for corona virus now.
learning how to weight lift properly and being excited about it.
By calling my BF by my ex’s name while he was going to town down there.
accidentally going to an event in the wrong town which happens to have the same name as my hometown.
not depositing my paycheck
breaking up with my boyfriend
leaving a bag of sex toys behind at my exes
accidentally deleting my wife's 2 years of writing
Not Being Patient And Opening A Pack Of Old Cards
showing a would be burglar my tits.
not taking my cat to the vet soon enough (don't worry - he's fine, I promise)
coming to school
making a pro mask comment on Facebook
not going to bed yet
touching the butt of girl, who has a boyfriend, who im friends with...
checking the backdoor for a package after taking a shower
ruining my wife’s family Christmas card pictures
throwing up during family dinner
almost missing an exam registration
Going Fishing Instead Of Going To Work
Going from Point A to Point B
By drinking orange juice
accepting a job interview
losing my menstrual cup
comparing leprosy, leprocauns and Irish jigalos with my parents and nana after watching Ben hurr.
being lazy while trying to make food I don't normally make
laughing in my manager's face after she told me her aunt died yesterday.
I give out free silver for the first one who comments
mixing up Jewish and Catholic
trying to get my boyfriend a birthday gift
accidentally rubbing my shaft against my friend’s leg
sending my mom a text saying “got to eat the booty like groceries.”
misreading the label
swapping nudes with Riley Reid (◕‿◕) Check profile for more info!
erasing 20 years of my own memories out of spite
almost leaving work half an hour early
sitting on my wife's razor in the shower
missing an EXTREMELY obvious hint
melting all the families Easter Eggs
i licked my airpods and i return got earwax
losing my temper with my step brothers, in front of my step dad, on Father’s Day.
with a crazy patient
not removing browsing history
damn I ate mould again :x
taking to much kamagra on the hottest day ever and missing getting laid.
but yanking my teacher's pants off.
not warning my brother the chocolate in the freezer was dosed heavily with mushrooms before he ate three of them.
putting my car in drive instead of reverse while at a restaurant and pinned someone walking by up against the building
telling a customer his kid was going to die
erasing my hard drive instead of backing it up
Played porn out loud in my grandparents house at 11pm
Not Checking Currencies
shooting people with a Super Soaker while having a friend drive me around in their car
accidentally spraying pepper spray in an empty bus
not hanging up on the DMV
looking in my girlfriends phone and finding out she bought her ex boyfriend a fleshlight 3 years into our relationship.
sending 5th grade kids Mandingo
I spent all afternoon reading stories on r/nosleep...
Stepping on a Mouse
misunderstanding the phrase 'USE SPARINGLY'
laughing at a friend in class
helping my s/o’s grandma vote by mail
thinking it was a great time to go to the liquor store. Walking back to my car an ex gf pulls up whom I still think about. I stand by my car door stunned for a moment before I realize I probably look like a gawking nut job. It sucks being ghosted furthermore what an embarrassing coincidence
I (20M) got my foot stuck under my apartment building's garage door
asking for a little extra sausage.
slapping my gf.
failing No Nut November.
accidentally telling my father that I have a wet box
drove the car into an electric fence gate.
cock blocking my flatmate by playing online games while drunk
trying to buy pumpkins.
pulling a medicine cabinet off the wall
making it look like I abuse my girlfriend
not being lady like.
wearing a 'Who needs drugs? No seriously, I have drugs' shirt to a memorial festival for a friend who overdosed.
cleaning my mouse with a used tissue
calling a client a cunt
making my own buttplug at work
cooking a new Thanksgiving recipe- it was probably delicious
leaving the towel I masturbated on in the hamper
scrolling through reddit in class and exposing myself for looking at porn
trying to feed a frog
reversing through the garage door of my parents investment property in my new Jeep
eating an edible and almost ruining my relationship
masturbating with shampoo
for lying to the LOML
not checking the receipt.
Mom caught me masturbating in the shower.
itching my nose during some Frontline in Mordhau
faking I am sick so I wont go to school
for having an expressive face.
leaving the bathroom door open and my cat jumped in the tub WITH me
not realizing I passed my kidney stone and went in for surgery to get it removed.
using Google after seeing cockroach next to me
taking off the serial number on my $300 Nintendo Switch.
needing to pee
playing a mobile game in the bus
giving giving my gf wiping advice
My new fitness watch got me caught having a personal "marathon" during my nap; after the fact!
trying to talk to my son.
trying to delete my reddit throwaway account.
pretending to be caught jerking it on FaceTime as a prank
When a customer asked me to comment on how pretty his gf is
accepting a grad school offer which I can not afford to
jumping into a pit of quicksand
for calling my daughter beautiful
accidentally recreating OneManOneJar.mp4
trying to calm down a cat.
doing laundry.
my GF showing her papa a picture of my drooping penis on Xmas Day
turning my little brother into a gaming beast
exposing an Instagram/ TikTok influencer’s Reddit account, revealing myself as a sexist creep who couldn’t just give this poor girl some privacy.
how owning chickens in rural Honduras led to my eventual arrest in Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt
realizing that I have been having sex with a transgender
getting hammered on a first date
sleeping with my boss
forgetting the condom wrapper
I told my coworker that I wet the bed
Accidentally called my mom during sex
unintentionally flinching at my Asian Neighbour
Tortured poor Walmart Guy, then realized I saved $4.00
drinking a cut off finger cocktail
I had a one night stand with my best friends sister , how do i tell him so we remain friends ?
swiping right on my ex’s friend on Tinder.
severed the nerve in my hand
asking my doctor about Viagra
PLAYING CARDS
trying to log out of my account to try to register an account with a deleted user name and finding out that’s not possible and then trying to log back in to my account but having forgot the password and not having an email because I’m a 17 year old trans girl and still live with my parents
Thish ish a Recording" by SpammingOrSpoofing ♫ (Bail Bondsman song)
getting stupid drunk with work the next day
my conditioning myself to crush mosquitos. trying to make macaroni and cheese with a plastic mixing bowl on the stovetop
accident going to sleep with putty
refusing life changing job over because I would need to move states and this means stop dating girl I fell in love with
screen sharing while I was in class
hooking up with my second grade teacher.
showing my boyfriend's family pigeon porn
By breaking my dorm room microwave
scorching my butthole and some of my anus
fucking my hand
halting my progress and contacting my ex.
putting several ziploc bags full of milk in a grill
taking part in a collective kiss at a work party.
Googling my Tinder match
forgetting to save in my Pokemon game and losing my cap pikachu
not locking the work bathroom stall door.
blowing into my sweater
really angering my girlfriend
leaving my car in a rural area
cursing and not being on mute while on a virtual meeting
using my Psychology teacher’s toilet. I choked it with toilet paper, unleashed its contents and made a dramatic exit leaving my mobile phone in there.
going on a date with an ill-behaved manchild
being proud of fixing my car
hoarding toilet paper
taking a $600 nap
smoking weed in front of my boss at my new job
looking through my pc photos which has access to all my brothers photos via cloud
choosing video games over my crush/roommate
not using my wife for my twitch branding
not knowing apparently common vernacular and alienating myself
when I drank my own piss
fingering my wife after making tacos
leaving my phone on the couch while watching tv with my dad and he looked through it and saw a friend of mine in a discord server sweared
sending the wrong account a picture
Today I fucked up by trusting my husband to put away purses toy
talking to a bunch of Finns on Discord unprepared
googling Bobcat to show my friend what they are
taking a shortcut and almost ending up a victim of Buffalo Bill
trying to ease the tension between my wife and daughter with a joke.
hitting the dog
when my roommate introduced me to a new guy they’re dating
testing my spicy limits
deleting all accounts off a shared server
thinking my number neighbor was stalking and watching me
TDIFU by looking under one of the stalls in the men's restroom at work. Kinda just happened...
buying an Arab with A BOMB attached to him
leaving my phone in my blanket
picking the name of my dad's childhood best friend who committed suicide as my new name
accidentally naming my social media account lesbian
going to see mall Santa.
cutting in front of a line at Popeyes (minor FU).
Delivery Boy
asking a deaf girl if she liked this song
admiting i'm depressed
using surgical shears to trim my pubes Inceptioning myself.
accidentally posting “sexy” pictures and videos to my snapchat story
Herd weird noises at 2 am
wanting to play a game of pool.
giving a girl herpes
taking the most expensive urinations I’ve ever had
throwing away allegedly important parts of documents
buyin my Fiancé a weight loss book for Christmas
walking out on my dad while moving out day, mom got caught up the drama and she is paying for it too.
Running a script that will (probably?) fry our corporate database
pressing enter instead of shift
asking the dentist to seduce me
microwaving a chocolate
sticking my USB-C charger into a carrot
having a small mental breakdown and potentially ruining the best thing to happen to me in years
accidentally trying to find a girl
getting arrested because I tried to fullfill a fantasy that went totally wrong and not like in the movies.
Hey guys i have a dick problem help me please
logging into reddit
going out for do some inocent exercise
scaring my son into wearing his seatbelt
making the worst comment on an asexual person.
telling a girl she needs a D or I need a C
nearly burning my parents new carpet
trying to remove my own eyeball
almost making out with my friend's sister's boyfriend
burning myself trying to relieve cramps.
Accidentally Offering to Host New Years
asking my wife to cut my hair
informing a buddy of a great deal
ruining an elderly couples day (maybe week)
My phones gps is connected to my cars
turning down my dream job.
sending my mom a meme
being so out of it in the morning I put deodorant on my toothbrush.
"minorly" misspeaking 🤭
letting my mom use google on my phone when my last search was very provocative.
wishing my sister happy siblings day in a cousin group text
writing semen instead of seamen on my history paper.
was made by a girl who loved to laugh so much that she arrived at the hospital and almost lost my job.
nutting into my shoe
scrolling
not approaching a cute girl I bought a drink for
sucking my penis (contracting WARTS!!)
not reading my text
or how I screwed up my whole life over a case of mistaken identity while trying to be a badass.
ejaculating on my doctors face tripping into a charger (might be disturbing to some)
going out of a town to a small city, my SO hated everything about it.
googling horse vaginas
asking an armless women to type in her pin.
giving my relative a free tarot reading
A fantasy a bet an opportunity to my fantasy
I screwed up
damaging my ear.
First sexual lesbian experience
forgetting how to say "fat" in english
posting a good meme on my throwaway account
attempting to inject drugs in my dick vein, and hitting an artery instead.
getting by getting ready for my fiance
getting changed while watching anime on 9anime
wanting to practicing good hygiene
giving someone my number in the worst way possible, just because I didn’t want to do it too early or wait. and now I just feel like a moron.
Big Drama Show. The Needle Disappeared.
trying to lose my virginity to the sound of a song about rape
getting cranked up on powered caffeine
getting my friend a KFC gift card for his birthday.
telling my sister our cat died but it gets worse.
eating Indian food
being healthy
forgetting to pull my debit card out of an ATM
trying the “let’s count shoulders” trick.
cock blocking myself with a pork tenderloin.
getting so high I woke up in Greece, 1,500 miles away.
allowing social media to tempt me.
TIFUPdate
throwing money in the garbage
Accidently Leaving Anti-Freeze Outside Into The Woods
destroying my 3 carat ring
carrying pot, a bowl, grinder and lighter through TSA traveling for work.
Today, or the last year, I Fucked Up By Using My Phone So Much I Can’t See
No You Don't Understand.... It's A Nice Swastika
mislabeling Supplements
talking dirty to my girlfriend without realizing that her phone was connected to her cars Bluetooth
vacuuming my vacuum's filter
Not Looking At A Map Before Hiking
forgetting my happy sock was still on
Flushing My Used Condoms
eating cat food for 2 months!
eating a bagel for breakfast.
laughing when telling someone that a family member died.
drinking soap instead of tap water
Published first book with big DRAFT watermarks on every page
staying as long as I did.
using deodorant at work
sending my ex wife a picture of our kids
skateboarding in the rain
telling my dad he failed as a parent
leaving my 3D Printer Unattended
Throwing A Medicine Ball At A Bench In PE Last Friday...
interfereing in an covert FBI investigation
grabbing an unknown object from my dog's mouth
Windows OneDrive Nightmare!
The splash went through my existence.
ruining a freezer full of meat that was intended for needy people
a day with real nice smell.
LPT:  forgetting bedrooms are not soundproof and scaring my daughter
accidentally stealing someone's gum.
accidently taught 2.5 yr old kid to say "die" to everyone
declining cheese on my ham sandwich, leading to an eight car pile-up, the divorce of my grandparents, and my right nipple being burned off with a hot iron
Thinking a car would stop for a rabbit in the road and letting my friends think the police were coming for them
Today, I messed up.
Searched for an amputees missing shoe
when someone helped me perform my blood test
Dental checkup gone bad
sitting on a wasp and stinging myself on my butt
telling my ex I can't hook up because I'm busy watching Con Air
relieving myself in a parking garage &amp; finding out cctv filmed me
blasting porn from my phone in the middle of the night while simultaneously dropping my air pods in the toilet
not paying attention in class
getting in a google meeting...during in person class.
eating an entire jar of pickles at work
reading my girlfriend the about a mother telling her child that Bob Ross is dead
By riding my 20 yr old skateboard
going into one of Reddit’s shittiest places
watching a video on reddit while not muting my speakers in ministry.
my account
leaking exploit
eating too much Tiki Marsala
leaving my dog at my girlfriend's apt
using tinder
fucking Up
forgetting that r/worldpolitics is no longer about politics
racking up a $800 electric bill!
TFIU by conditioning my girlfriend by every time I farted I kissed her
unblocking my ex on Instagram.
rollerskating down a large steep hill
buying a fake dog.
posting on a news page on FB and forgetting that my family would see it.
making an inadvertent Nazi joke on the first day of middle school.
calling my 2-year-old “sweet penis”
pooping in the woods and ending up in the E.R.
cockblocking myself with beets
I tripped on my vibrator
Thinking That Is an Alive Sub. It Is Not.
Investing In AMC Stocks At The Exact Wrong Time.
smashing an IPad
My nasty Secret.
At Last! Internet's Best Selling Laptop Stand Is Now On SALE!
not talking to the beautiful cashier at Barnes &amp; Noble
hitting on a grieving colleague
telling the doctor I have anxiety
getting express delivery for my new sex toys.
taking an interest in my internet usage
having to break down my bathroom door.
jerking off at my girlfriend’s house.
driving my car in 3rd gear for four years
thinking that I passed one of the hardest songs in rhythm games
Removing a wasp
accidentally summoning an elder god and getting my whore of a wife killed (she was a whore though so I'm not to sad thankfully, though I do miss the rest of the neighbourhood).
telling a girl she looks good with a mask on
losing 40 bucks
hooking up with a guy and possibly getting my best friend fired..
putting my actual phone number in an insurance coverage search
having sex with my brother's girlfriend.
accidentally swapping nudes with Riley Reid
drinking a energy drink with a baby mouse in it
GETTING ANGRY OVER MY MOTHER.
taking out a pizza for my mom
Sending a Mean Message to a "teacher" Who Called Me Inferior 20 Years Ago
I dreamed of having sex with my best friend.
telling one of my best friends I had feelings for them while married
missing part of the cooking instructions
training my dog to only eat when I sing to her.
showing a little girl where the tuna was at my work.
inadvertently telling a mother of three that she should stop having kids
touching myself after handling gasoline.
bringing my own jar of queso to a restaurant and dropping it
sharing my social acc name with someone I met on a dating app
pepper spraying myself
ignoring a bad smell all day only to find out it was a decomposing mouse
losing the thing I was craving for 2 months, which also came from my girlfriend of 8 years
breaking my mother's pc that had her work and curriculum and accidentaly replaced it with 1400+ images of porn
saying pc master race in front of the Dean of Girls.
leaking my password.
driving to work in a hearse at 8:30 PM
owning an iPod touch in 2021.
scrolling reddit and burnt the rice
honking my horn and getting chased for 20 minutes until the police arrived.
a fake spooky date into a real spooky date
Today I Fucked up by sitting on my deck in my boxers
Not Realizing a Woman was Using a Bicycle As a Wheelchair
Coming Home From Work Early...
walking into the wrong building
cumming in the bath
Ex used my vagisil NSFW
when lotion was involved...
discovering my Dads ED.
2211 Sherobee Road
for telling my sister the reason why I don’t like her and my father?
skipping online work.
giving my husband a back rub
rubbing my crotch with a hot metal rod
Drank coffee
pointing finger
shouting down the phone
emailing back a stranger and then friend-zoning them.
peeing myself at a train station
checking my balls
thinking my headphones were broken
ripping out my brothers nipple hair
interfering with my mothers stuff.
getting in the shower with my future mother in law
eating dissolved cereal
creating a cliche porn scenario with my roommate in the laundry room.
By calling my current BF by the name of my ex while he was going down on me
getting rejected by 3 women all in the same night and then breaking down in front of coworkers several days later
cutting salami with scissors
not being able to spell when judging a debate tournament
Telling my Dad about the Karen meme
licking my girl with a mentol gum in my mouth
ruined my computer and wall in 5 min
Big Time.
mixing 5 substances, barely sleeping and going to work
having my first wet dream at 27 years old.
Foot in mouth (NSFW)
Getting permanently banned on r/wholesomememes for calling someone a simp a week ago
sending a dumb joke in a congrats card
I finally found a girl who was everything I wanted, and I screwed it up
T(my boyfriend)FU
getting arrested for armed robbery
leaving a dog alone with my grandpa
I high fived the wrong person
menstrual cup left in for at least 21 days
spelling my own name wrong in a work email
oversharing to a cashier
shit-talking my class in front of the teacher
telling someone they were being used.
following my coworker's glance.
throwing a Racquet ball so hard I dislocated my arm
almost burning down the bathroom.
texting my boss WAP lyrics
telling a depressive girl whom i liked that i didn't care about her
driving into my friends fathers combine harvester
telling my daughter her hero Bob Ross was dead
not asking for Feedback on My first full YouTube video yet!
Meeting a Man from Tinder
smashing a cursed crystal and getting drunk at work
failing to see work social events that include families from my partners point of view.
impersonating Emeril Lagasse
not making up a good enought story to hit front page
filming someone's entire wedding in night mode - as their official videographer
sending a vibrator to my grandmother
giving a stripper $300 using my dad's credit card
destroying an entire freezer full of cow.
buying minecraft.
confusing a blog site with a personal diary
asking my colorblind boyfriend to pick out red and white gummy bears
trying to save €15, and got a tick in my dick.
trying to flex my new car
digging a shallow grave
up by losing my hair.
Tofu by repeatedly posting to r/instagramreality
breaking my leg by fricking on a snowmobile while camping NSFW
asking my colleagues to pitch in for bereavement flowers
forgetting to wash a mask
First accident
TIFI by sending a “sugar daddy” a $200 processing fee
asking my friend out loud why he wanted to fuck a virgin in public
angering three teenagers, leading to a small fight
thinking the Yankees and the Redsocks were the same team.
asking my friend for nudes
OVER MIDNIGHT HACK
consuming massive amounts of Sauerkraut and violently shitting myself
almost ruining my parent’s marriage
accidentally triggering a severe nosebleed
when I went to my parents house, thinking it might be a pleasant experience
cutting the inside of my buttocks
accidentally sending revealing photos to my highly religous friend...
Cold, Flu, COVID19?
making cold-brew coffee
accidentally giving myself a hickey in the bathtub
imaging my audience was naked
Linked my IG to company's FB, NOT A GOOD IDEA
melting an entire semester’s worth of CHEM notes 2 days before my final and breaking my toe
not eating
leaving opened condom in my pocket
falling asleep with my husband.
being a third culture kid.
The time my friend got high on Ventolin
telling my mom I'm bisexual
opening an Instagram filter in front of Mom and Sis.
spraying fast spray in my brothers room
starting an Omegle relationship
Not my but the best I ever witnessed
messing up with fwb while sexting
masturbating on my period
watching wrong movie
not listening to my dad
SENDING MY TEACHER PORN INSTEAD OF WORK
Ruined a friend's perfectly good toaster oven
accidentally scaring a woman I didn't know.
trying to be considerate while incredibly drunk
mind breaking a pc and player in my DnD game
Today I fucked up and crop dusted a cave... accidentally activating a Karen.
fighting my close friend
i had to give this out to myself
singing out loud “Work that ass for daddy” by Marc Rebillet
teaching my daughter a bad phrase...
egging on another driver's road rage.
when I asked a pretty girl on Tinder if she had a nose bubble when she actually wore a septum
sending a naked pic of my husband in a family group text
taking one the biggest dump of my life while on a call with client &amp; forgot to mute
letting my dad use my phone and not being in the same room
saying “shut the fuck up” when my brother was recording something with his classmates and a teacher for school, they all heard it.
I got perma banned from r/pcmasterrace
Google Meet
assuming my friend’s house didn’t burn down
giving my roommate a boner.
sending my niece a creepy text
trying to avoid bumps on the road...
using a cheap charger
thinking I was tougher then I am
explaining to my boss how marginal tax brackets work
opening up a new credit cardTitus
FUCK YOU FAGGOTS FUCK YOU FAGGOTS FUCK YOU FAGGOTS
scaring a customer's (naked) daughter
I am a guy and after wearing High Heels all month, I can't wear normal shoes anymore
driving with my windows down on the highway
cutting off the tip of my finger with a pocket knife
Making My Girlfriend Cry
letting a stranger think I was somebody else.
almost breaking my own ankle and being attacked by wasps.
using a poop joke with the wrong crowd (NFSW)
over sharing about my lucid dreams with my best friends
arguing on Twitter
exposing some very sensitive gorillas to a dead baby horse.
trying to blow an impressive fart
lost my wallet with fake
I ate an entire bag of chocolate chips
having six cute cats
Waking my gf up with my bowls
fighting my cousin, putting him in the hospital, and going to get sued by them.
playing a game of unhooking bras.
shaking my back during a skin test. The leftover allergen juices went everywhere. I am so itchy.
commenting on a customers smell and then vomiting in front of them. Twice.
peeing on my husband at the start of New year
getting a woman probably pregnant
getting back to the gym with phase 3
miss judging wind conditions at the top of a mountain
not knowing what schlong meant.
f19 looking for fun and trade nudes kik me @ Txssy00
my life.
being sarcastic
sitting in a bath for 2 hours and got a UTI and an infection right before vacation
making an inappropriate Joke about an eldery women farting
leaving the bathroom door open.
be breaking my toe while putting my shoes on.
wearing a dress to go to the store
giving my kid a “coffee”
streaming with my girlfriend
not washing my hands after eating cajun fries
sending a picture of minecraft hitler
watching porn while on a work zoom.
Joking About My Marriage
telling my bf i was gender fluid
Scratching My Balls
اشتريت بوكس مال مناديل
keeping my studies aside for my exam tomorrow to solve Rubik's cube for the first time.
just happened
saying the wrong word in my live U.S. History class.
buy opening a porn site and seeing some questionable content.
I failed my geometry test
using my inhaler in front of my dog
applying toothpaste on my clitoris afrer reading a ask Reddit post
inadvertently conditioning myself to only be able to fall sleep one way
accidentally opening a porn video while on a Teams call at work
showing my ding dong to the neighbour across from me
Forgetting to Turn In a Report, Resulting in My Mother Angrily Emailing My Teacher About It
letting someone else's driving get me upset.
realizing that I'm bisexual and now have to hear everyone I know say, "I told you so!"
I’m a loser, baby, so why don’t you kill me.
The hot Cheetos incedent
using a pen for a dildo
trying to turn off a light with my mouth
forgetting to mute my mic in class
I tried to clean off nuggets stuck in my fluffy dog's fur and I ended up like those gsgging dads in the diaper changing videos.
Not Speaking "American"
forgetting to clean the pot
Boys, I fucked up hard :/
drinking jet fuel on an empty stomach
breaking my dad's gift clock.
accidentally "coming out" to my conservative family by sending lesbian anime porn to the family group chat.
helping a girl out of depression
googling a pornstar in front of a costumer
Farting Whilst Cumming
having a skipping competition with my brother
making my peers think that I’m sexually attracted to my mom
having an awesome dreamgasm NSFW
accidentally showing a Hitler sticker to a waitress in a Jewish restaurant
stealing my bosses work phone
By having a rollercoaster with my heart
misusing the London Paddington toilets
trying to return lost keys
never asking my SO what cy means
I almost tackeled a disabled person to the floor by accident.
not using incognito
getting hacked and blackmailed in exchange for my nudes
showing my mother pictures of someone else’s d*ck (NSFW)
is when i joined a cult..
breaking a tv
An anime character in a bikini came up on my screen when my dad was helping me with work.
when I ignored the “caution- hot” label
Honestly I feel like I fuck up everyday
not checking that my zoom microphone was off.
sharting on my Mother-in-law
accidentally calling the police with my voicemail
chewing gum in church
not securing/locking our house's main gate before going to sleep.
making my wife make her own cake
knocking my teeth out because I got engaged.
trying to further my education
almost outing my self to my sister
Google meet during history class
leaving my furry fan-fiction on my pc unattended
messaging my main girl’s side girl and consequently realising the other ways in which I’ve fucked up by being disrespectful in bed
letting my 11 year old daughter read my username to my husband
at sportchek
getting people smashed without realising it
A guy gave me his number and I thought he was interested in me😅
calling my slow brother a failure
riding a motorcycle 10 hours in the rain and getting hypothermia
memorizing answers to a final exam instead of studying for it
Real or a scam?
sending a comic I was really proud of to my family group chat
screaming about Bee Movie
subscribing to my stepdaughters OnlyFans site.
not knowing that you could copy a word or sentence by repeated clicking
cat fishing my friend and letting him get attached to the fake persona.
drinking the forbidden water
I found one of my best friends in Onlyfans
taking my cat on a walk
telling my girlfriend about my plans to break up.
asking my in law for oral sex
touching my boyfriend’s pee
nearly throwing up on my wife during sex
telling a co-worker I would do something very intimate to her on the rugby field
fucking up my grades
making my Christian parents think that I was sneaking off to have sex with my best friend
accidentally sending my mom a nude
letting a car fall on my food
almost letting my dog run away after she threw up
adjusting my maternity belt in a grocery store parking lot
getting drunk and high in front of my fiance
being afraid of spiders and making my tipsy dad embarrass me on a voice call
exposing my deepfake pornography collection to my mother
lying on my resume
taking 2 sleeping pills before going to work this morning
Falling for an E-Girl. SIMP ALERT!
cumming too hard and breaking my face in the shower.
NSFW when I accidentally showed the tax lady porn
self sabotaging and turned treating myself into washing clothes in the bathtub.
Today I F**ked up... Making cookies.
posting posting a photo of my 8yo daughter
losing a perfect egg shaped rock from egg rock hike
paying $100 for a bag of leaves ripping out a girls nose piercing in lecture
putting aftershave on my freshly-shaved junk
forgetting to mark a post a NSFW
trying to invent a new kind of soup.
going to sleep
Accidentally threw half my breakfast in the bin
offering an old man a bottle of water
getting Invisalign while waiting to travel
eating oysters for the first time in an oyster eating contest
having TPB on a little too loud and scaring some dogs
accidentally predicting my friend's now-ex would cheat on her with her cousin
drinking water from my rainwater tank that had a dead toad in it
My friend screams something that shocks my other friends mom
CLEARLY having sex with my 8 step moms and aborted cow fetus (Meta - issues with this sub)
forgetting to put on pants.
spilling a whole gallon of dish detergent in the trunk of my car spilling a whole gallon of Dawn dish detergent in the trunk of my car
Today I got everything fucked up
gassing my family and ruining my expensive uniform
letting my brother see my reddit username and he saw my horny af post
ignoring a girl
taking water out of the freezer
being an accidental foreign asshole to a homeless woman
going to hot yoga in full sweats
searching up a porn genre which i never heard about which turned out to be illegal
bugging a business for my updated insurance policy but they were just decimated by hurricane Sally.
Poop knife
crashing my daughter’s scooter
leaving my shirt in the bathroom
eating and swallowing my childhood pictures micro sd card
answering a phone call
donating literal bags of garbage to the needy
TIFI by masturbating before a doctor appointment.
making my mother faint
telling at my boss that I consume marijuana.
getting bangs
staying at girl place who invited me for Netflix and chilling and we dint do anything. Now I am blocked
taking a random desert kid in
accidentally making sweet passionate love to my smoking hot girlfriend!!!!!?????!
possibly scaring someone into thinking I'm a stalker
muting zoom to fart
I threw up in my neighbors house
driving over a stick on the freeway
killing our toilet on New Year’s Day
sending Santa letters to the first address I found online.
making people think I have cancer
Failing To Throw Away A Baby Wipe After Changing My Daughter’s Diaper
playing loud pinball during a speech about abortion
Not Realizing My Camera Apparently Records Everything Twice
pooping in the Vatican  drinking my tadpoles
(unknowingly) posing as a racist
forgetting to feed my sisters hamsters. realising I was the asshole at the gym
not controlling my emotions and ranting on Twitter
Today I fucked up by getting offered a job
taking (what i thought was) paracetamol from my friend
getting an allergic reaction in high school
finding a lost library book
Depression is a bitch
mashing tuna and crackers
Girlfriend make me go sad brr on cakeday
Messaged the wrong person 3 times about them
scratching my hand
not realising bug spray is flammable AF
crying during an important business meeting because of a song I heard
not knowing what my FB meant by “secret naughty gift”.
scaring an old lady
I just cut my clitoral hood.
Tifu_by asking for upvotes
ordering from an online shop with Occult in the name, and then having it discovered by my rather conservative father who is home with me because of Covid.
spilling milk all over my friend
going up to the wrong car tryna get my weed and looking like a serial killer
bathing in my cats poop
getting drunk, making out with my friend, and accidentally waking up her twin sister to find us.
ordering finger food whilst my hands were covered in cuts.
"No, Cancer."
not checking pictures before I email
running a script that will (probably?) fry our corporate database and get me fired.
My life as,"A Successful Looser"
when I said I would help a second chance worker.
ok so this didn't happen today, but yesterday, I accidentally ate...
doing squats
being a toddler, thinking my dad was a murderer, and "pranking" two sets of cops and a half dozen convicts at a landfill while my dad blockaded and held up a trash truck down the road that he thought I had jumped into
almost letting my wife die after she had several orgasms
My little sister saw me jacking off
dropping my phone into a giant toilet
telling my psych teacher about “Human Pups”
getting so high I got lost on a staircase.
mentioning a song to my friend who is having his cat put down.
cutting my nipple string
using full stops when texting.
opening a bag of baby carrots with a steak knife, having crappy insurance and even worse first aid skills.
breaking an old woman's hip
finding out something i should NOT HAVE
accidentally throwing a rock at someones car windshield
not closing my all my 'fun' tabs
asking my boyfriend if he's just waiting for me to break up with him
Vaping
leaving my keys in my car and thinking they were stolen.
Today I fucked up by falling down some stairs
Forgetting To Send The Videos
giving myself a heart attack
implying my boyfriend is "small" in front of my religious mom
falling asleep on my forearm
befriending my friend's girlfriend.
doing way too much acid and losing my goddamn mind
farting after bathing
Overlooking My Health
Wow!
Today I Fucked Up Bad
thinking the phrase “the seat of my pants” was the “Seed of my pants”
(literally) blowing up a coca-cola can and burning a french exchange student's leg
accepting a sketchy free sample of cologne
having my groceries delivered to the wrong address.
crashing into the wall at the end of my driveway
yelling out “Flick it like you mean it” while teaching a dance class🤦🏾‍♀️
realizing I’ve been using laundry detergent as dish detergent for 3 years
asking my GF to take the Pottermore SortingHat Quiz
losing weight
getting a bit leaner during the lockdown.
telling my dealer I’ll buy some edibles thinking my parents wouldn’t be home.
accidentally beeing someones first time
making a classic Xbox 360 joke to a random on PS4
getting "excited" about fishing
screwing with airport security and now I'm considered a security threat
buying stamps in bulk at the self service kiosk
My bus driver f'ed up
getting a boner after calling the cops on very vague sounds.
trying to move my shirt from my bed.
replying to a Marine recruiter’s mass email who forgot to BCC all recipients - consequently getting my Google account deactivated
not wearing my boot for my broken foot
The sorriest butt in town
OOOOH Nope!
Omegle i think i was recorded
going to school
chromecasting an adult video to my whole family
confusing Vick's Vaporub and Vaseline
trying to masturbate at school
not realizing an old crush might have been mutual...
giving my self a first degree burn on my butthole...
trying to helping my girlfriend
closing my front door with the keys inside
telling me brother id give him sex after a shower in front of my mother
ending up alone in a chat room with an 8 year old girl and causing her parents concerned
walking in on my step sister breastfeeding
looking super creepy to my boyfriend while trying to prank him
making a giant deer smash through my neighbors living room window
accidentally making my neighbours eat my dogs shit.
pressing space bar on a Zoom call
super gluing my urethra shut.
having a *good time* in a pool
leaving food to rot in an unplugged fridge for a month
My mom doesn’t know I drink
nearly setting my backyard on fire
Today I really fucked up by reading this. I've never been more horrified in my life (2 girls 1 cup is an exception)
unknowingly talking trash to a kid and getting reprimanded by Microsoft
I took too long to adopt a cat.
buying 1 apple stock, selling it, buying it again just to lose more money 😐
not catching a racist joke, and retelling it.
attempting to enjoy a nice cup of joe
kissing my friend
twice on one date. First by drinking beer and burping and then letting another guy walk my date home.
Dot your eyes
riding a scooter barefoot
getting caught having sex at my girlfriend house (18) (18)
I’ve been pretty unlucky most of my adult life
trying to prove my coolness to a fourth grader
starting the generator then touching the fish tank
saving used condoms for an art project
not reading the lube label
having 1 too many plates of shrimp scampi
trying to yo-yo while laying down
getting lunch at McDonald’s
walking in grass, and ultimately having a good glance at my anus
Messing up a work presentation
pressing the space bar on my laptop
Today I fucked up bye wearing a beastars shirt (it was not healthy)
thinking raw chicken was cherries and eating it
not staying in contact with my grandmother for over a year
having loud sex and the entire apartment complex could hear it
having a shit friend
telling my friends that I'm moving to another school and probably causing a fight between two friends
pitting too much of my self worth into my looks
going through a browser history/files of a widow
telling my friend to look me in the boobs
maybe losing my job
misinterpreting my ex's messages as a hint for sexual intercourse.
for possibly causing my possibly losing my best friend
changing my facebook profile picture
Nature called and I wasn't ready.. (M22)
locking my step-son out of the house in 100 degree Farenheit heat.
Oversleeping
languagedifferences
missing every single sign on a date
possibly making a couple get divorced
letting my new puppy into my room and being slightly anosmatic
yelling about a hand jobs to a contractor
revisiting this sub
trying to befriend someone
waiting in the wrong line at the supermarket not making it to a gas station
Armadildo
letting a dog sit on my lap
writing answers on my arm and telling people I wrote weird stuff on my arm
mistaking a guy for my friend, spamming him with cringe ass furry speech and weeb rhetoric in a game, causing him to hate me forever
My Internship by Dark Mode add-on
uploading a picture of my passport in a sketchy website
reverse jumping my car potentially costing me $$$$
thinking that my mom was kidnapped
when my dad found the cum sheets
posting a picture of myself in r/pics stating how I was proud of the steps I’d taken in my eating disorder recovery
being forgetful and filthy
accidentally scaring my doctor.
throwing up right after kissing my girlfriend
asking out a girl who I thought liked me but has a boyfriend
accidentally grabbing my coworker's boob
letting my jealousy almost break up my marriage
Letting A Scammer Freeze My Assets
swallowing my friend at the hospital
yelling at my cat when he was trying to warn me
painting my nails for self care
not throwing out the toast
sending hentai instead of my assignment
calling someone a dumbass.
for listening to my wife that my dog’s chicken allergy is done with
failing to pre-screen a horror movie
getting toilet paper stuck on my meat
giving running my own orgasm
obeying the head assistant
Inadvertently Planning my Proposal to be in the Middle of a Pandemic
scratching my crotch with my kitten in the room
wearing a strapless bra to school
walking into dad having sex with his girlfriend
breaking the rule “Never enter a strangers car“
sending an embarrassing text to my son on accident.
sending the birthday girl’s family golf cart into the lake
By accepting a boxing match from a 6,5 giant and getting pumled
hurting my dad’s feelings which ended up with him swearing at me
being a superfan for my SO's videos
pavloving myself into nauseating at the sight of Resident Evil 7
purchasing a confederate flag purse and matching phone case.
making my own fleshlight.
my chance at being in a successful international touring band.
forgetting my receipt.
laughing during my best man speech through video call!
getting Santa Claus banned from Facebook
Memories are usually attached with positive or negative feelings. Using the following technique improves your relationship with the people related to your experience.
jacking off then falling asleep without my pants on
NSFW By Committing Carolina Reaper CBT
voice-recorded bf’s friend when we were talking alone to see if he’d do anything creepy and he found out
scarring an old lady
while smoking a cig and taking a Pooh and not paying attention.
ruining my 3yr relationship by not managing my life or mental health. (27/m)
using online python.
eating half a bag of cherries
showering with hot water for too long
leaving the bathroom door cracked during a hot &amp; steamy shower using my school account for reddit
trying to meet a prostitute.
not muting my mic in class
yelling at my kid to stop crying.
burying a bag of weed
telling my parents that my Great Grandfather was appearing as my sleep paralysis demon.
putting my son to bed efficiently
owning a cat
using the toilet of a house with no water
trying to find love on a dating app only to be matched with two best friends
being part of a research study (NSFW)
Useless PC for months
not changing out the heads of my electric toothbrush
leaving vlc with porn open while playing a tabletop game
just got in trouble
Riding Ladies Legs
going to a work Christmas party with my boss
accidentally letting my sister find my reddit username
orderring food from 2 different places
Welp shit
doing the sexy sex
leaning on a garbage can
rushing to setup my new phone
Driving to wrong location.
False Sense of Security
accidentally telling my friend I hated her
paying a meme account $25 for their account and getting scammed.
not checking under the nightstand.
having my gf and doctor believe I had a heart condition
helping my friend cheat in her boyfriend with me
demolishing a cracker
saying I was gonna help my girlfriend get over her fear, and accidentally making her face her existence
shredding my arse crack a few days before wanting to do anal
learning of "The Game" for the first time ever. Never realized I was winning it for 23 years until now. Any sugesstions on how to cope with this tragetdy?
thinking my father was at work
After Having a Wet Dream at Work
Committing Accidental Workplace Theft
flirting with a cute barrista while unbeknownst to me having cum in my beard
almost burned down a train track
singing my heart out and crashing
showing an elderly woman my husband’s peen.
drawing my friend as hentai and potentially ending a friendship.
accidentally showing my doctor a NSFW Ratatouille photo
playing with my butt and flooding my apartment
saying "are you an angel?" to a pilot sitting next to me in the airport
staring at a cute girl's butt unintentionally while being excited
telling my cousin that there might be something buried in his backyard
when I left my mic on
putting a candle directly under my monitor
moaning while fingering a girl
nuking my school with emails
posting this post
drinking water from night before
playing moan audio at full volume on a plane
dropping my ipad edge first onto my preggo wife's face
told my SO I needed him to do butt stuff right now
being creepy on Christianmingle
telling a child to fix something she had no control over
smelling my friend's sister underwear
making myself look utterly insane in a pet store
not being able to get it up
I shared a car ride with a friend
breaking a dude's eye socket
When I Got Nervous In Church
forgetting the cardinal rule of leaves of 3
training my significant other at work
making an accidental sexual refernce and making an awkward situation in the check out line.
messing up my words
not closing out of porn on my phone
Coughing in the Middle of Food Service
accidentally prank calling my driver's ed instructor's wife
bi panic and broke my friends collar bone
showing r/simps to my 10 year old brother
I accidentally kissed my GF 's sister, they are twins.
trying to help up a disabled man
being late to work and putting my gun in my bad instead of on my hip where it belongs and ended up getting robbed.
Can mods do something about the obvious fake sexy sex hot sex stories.
having YouTube remove a specific category of videos
with a nectar collector
going to get a cup of tea
The Worst (or best depending on how u look at it I guess...) hit I got from a bong happened today...😔
bringing 96 bananas to someone's home
Having the exact same necklace as what a Japanese porn star wears in porn
buying 100kg of wrong plates for my home gym
drinking water from an old french washing place
responding to one of those 'knife giveaways' on Steam
blurting out a question before thinking
going to get a yogurt out of the fridge, only for the yogurt to commit suicide on the carpet as soon as I opened the door
texting the wrong person
accidentally smirking at a worker when told off for not wearing a mask
Today I fucked up by doing a kind act, forgetting I did the kind act, and completely screwed over the person I did said kind act for.
Down Syndrome Guy
and met my new best friend on Tinder
getting a stomach bug in a foreign country and living the waking nightmare of having to expel various liquids in front of an audience— multiple times.
Playing A Random Spotify Playlist
GETTING LIT
making a confessions Instagram and nearly got mauled by 60 people
getting a DUI on the eve to early morning of my dad's birthday.
CHOOSE
not bringing my phone with me to the bathroom
playing VR games before bedtime
forgetting what woman’s breasts feel like
sending my penis Pascal program to my teacherI flashed my mother in law and she liked it?
telling my professor I wasn’t listening to her
sending my new roommate a video of a girl masturbating
sending my best friend NSFW texts.
i gave away $4000
Venting about my life fuckups
TODAY I GOT MY FIRST SEMEN TEST
asking my wife why she has to pee TL;DR.
the sexy sex . . .
Getting a new fishy friend for our pet goldfish.
I was ranting about my break up and posted it on my snap story
thinking I could cut my own hair
sending pictures to Amazon
accidentally locking my self out middle of the night and making my self look alcoholic!
showering with my eyes closed
This subs name should change to IFU.
having lunch with my wife's family while on shrooms.
snooping on my then-girlfriend's phone and regret it
and Stabbed Someone
Paid the lesson for being a little troll
eating a cheese stick
rite aid shenanigans
embarrassing myself at a Burger King..
leaving a surprise in my bathroom garbage can for my pug to find
losing my bedroom to a wasp
congratulating someone on winning 14 million dollar lawsuit.
Shitting My Pants in 100 Degree Weather in Downtown LA
introducing my wife to molly then told her I don't want a threesome anymore
eating a gram of weed without tolerance
, "Yes dear"ing my girlfriend, and not checking her homework
getting my food for free at In-N-Out
being dumb and horny at the same time (Long Post)
not reading the label on my shampoo.
somehow losing my best friend's DS
atrophying my asshole, nsfw
not drinking enough water.
gender f**k up
insulting a Chinese man.
mail and chat is mixed
Hot garbage on a roll
Poured the wrong cereal
describing my Venmo payment as "Kim Jong Un Investigation"
crashing my car into the side of a mountain
smoking whilst relieving myself...
having a sleep in on a Sunday morning.
sending an email to Karen
sending nudes to my professor
trying to shave my legs for the first time in three months.
thinking my delivery driver was a cat and and yelling at him
telling my boss about Shopify
accidentally commiting a crime
saying to a child I have an ear infection in a pharmacy in front of a ton of people.
my subreddit
telling my father about her
accidentally stealing someone’s phone
28  online 3way play
trying to watch the second Purge movie
Wife booked vacation for the wrong dates
letting my aunt give me a shot.
farting then getting pulled over..
Today I Fucked Up By Playing Kendrick On The Beach
not eating before medicating
getting a little too excited in the bedroom. NSFW
när jag åt mat
cumming on my crushes face
getting drunk and handcuffing myself.
getting angry over Reddit bullies.
If you want to make easy money online, here is an easy way for you to make money. It's free. You can do it from wherever you are, and I do it with Giz. Earn.
getting spotted by my mother in law with Christmas morning wood
when i tore my n*pple piercing filming an ero video 😭
turning on the camera instead of microphone during morning meeting while taking a dump
inadvertently infecting a quarantined nursing home
revealing to my classmates that I am a furry.
picking up my cat before work
being late to do my homework
LPT...  locking the basketball coach in a bathroom stall
downloading sex apps that appeared on my dad's phone
Only limited time!!!!
playing the penis game with my girlfriend
posting a tinder conversation on reddit.
trying vegan food
farting so loudly in class it echoed in the hallway
my face by trying to change monitors on a gas-spring robot arm by myself.
sending a large group of local ministers a picture of me holding a dandelion flower covered in semen
asking my guy friend to go commando in a miniskirt
embarrassing myself in front of the girl I like.
Today I fucked up I ate a subway sandwich with chipotle sauce
thinking i knew my barbers name after 10 years
parking closer.
spilling so much water on myself, it looked like I peed myself
talking to myself at work and it could lead to termination
sending everyone a pic of my vibrator
calling my friend and asking him if he only had one testicle.
slapping a kid with cancer
pretending to watch anime and horribly embarrassing myself
Clicking on Tik Tok
shitting in a trash can so i would not miss my 8 am class
wishing good luck to a co worker of mine for a date he had
waking my girlfriend up with my masturbation
having a mole on my wrist
having sex in my parents room
showing up to a birthday party an hour early.
missing my only source of happiness.
accidentally quitting my job
kicking a bottle of orange juice across the room right as our new landlord came to visit
watching Wizard of Oz while screwing a flying monkey
I Used my turtle neck as a food storage
letting my aunt cut my hair.
selling my little brother on EBay for $17 to someone in Taiwan.
being a 27 year old male watching VRporn in parents house.
eating a burger king
watching YouTube with my family
talking shit to a guy named Duke.
gambling my entire paycheck away!
TIFI trying to let my dog outside without actually going outside
almost getting banned by a bronie.
sending a school shooter meme to my friends mom
telling my gf about my weird sexual thoughts
being too drunk to check in for community service
when I got drunk at a children's birthday party.
forgetting I have a problem with gluten... then I doubled down when I trusted a fart. Can ya guess where this one is going, kids?
being outwitted by my whiteboard
Causing the Misuse of Muscle Rub
ranting about how on earth another colleague could have guessed my Reddit Username
Streaming to 800k Followers.
TIFUpdate My bank account is no longer overdrawn!
watching my sex tape my girlfriend and I made last night at work.
almost sending a mutual friend my boyfriends nude
waiting for the bus
having 2 tampons in me at once
not disabling WhatsApp auto download
being pranked by a mouse
using a dish sponge to wash the car
stabbing myself in the ass
accidentally added an asshole to a gossip group chat
indirectly giving someone a very special head accessoire
threatening a 5th grader with a knife.
using my phone's camera as a mirror.
Slipping on Ice and failed acrobatics to prevent breaking my neck/wrists.
googling tubgirl
being an extremely impulsive college student
myself to the cable guy
not inventorying my stuff
prioritizing NSFW Reddit chat over my work &lt;s&gt;
picking my nose
making coffee.
spraying my mentally ill brother with water, and him then trying to KILL me
causing an explosion
going to prison over a bad camping trip
leaving my car running.
almost making my friend commit suicide
watching a YouTube video
accidentally outing a trans man who I thought was being misgendered
putting the cereal box in the fridge and the milk in the pantry
applying to an accounting course
not yielding
giving the Spanish kid sinco de Mayo decorations
Explosive diarrhea
subscribing to my ex girlfriends best friends only fans account
God this is a big fuckin mistake in the year of 2020
demanding my girlfriend shave
meeting a guy who put a personals ad in the paper: "Sorcerer seeks Apprentice". I convinced myself it was someone with real magic secrets to share rather than a gay sex thing. It was a gay sex thing. NSFW
Today I fucked up by forgetting to save the password for my main email account
being stoned during my college application interview
changing my partners name on a project that went to his department head.
leaving my bra in the living room
creating a new user and accidentally calling them an insult from the 1980's
Tofu by almost cutting off my thumb
getting hacked by a random guy on Discord - but I still get my own back
almost being sex trafficked
realising that I had desensitized myself while giving my willy death chokes on the regular
while my wife and I were getting it on.
ripping off a panel of linoleum in my room with a dildo
accidentally touching someone’s tits
Today I fucked up by using a cock ring and it fell out on the floor of my living room
getting a raw BJ from a hookerWatching an anime movie in Theaters
heavily salting my food
when cooking dinner...
smoking tobacco while sleepy.
trying to fix a stain by making more stains
Getting my friends car towed while taking with my ex
getting my brand new iPhone 11 pickpocketed at a music festival in Mozambique - and turned down a selfie with Sam felt
forgetting where I left my edibles and accidentally getting my gf high
not being careful of my loose WASD keys before going to sleep
expressing my opinion on Reddit
trying to save my Father in law
having a dream about Mark Wahlberg gently slapping my t!ts while singing Le Festin by Camille
By liking a few month old picture of a girl I'm interested in.
cause my girlfriend thinks I have a small dick
absolutely ruining what was a great first zoom date over 10 seconds by having a big dumb stupid mouth
Accidentally Cussing Out my Roommate After we Made Up
ejaculating on my cat.
I got permentantly banned from r/memes and r/minecraft on the same day.
update* on the AirPods Pro situation
being harsh with a coworker
listening to my boss and doing what she requested.
send nudes
texting my ex trying to get us back together again.
getting a stomach bug in a foreign country and living the waking nightmare of pooping in front of an audience— multiple times.
telling my DoorDash driver I was lonely
waiting until I got my raise to complain that it really enough of a raise
carrying my exam paper out of the class without realising.
TFIU by telling a coworker all about my underwear.
shitting on my GF's floor
forgetting to make a meme on my first cake day
TIFUpdate by confessing to my crush bc I forgot autoplay exists.
accidentally getting too drunk on a tinder date
arguing with my parents in front of my online-classroom, without properly dressing..
Taking Sleeping Peels before My Final Exam
giving my mom a heart attack by letting her see my phone.
leaving my LED lights on (NSFW)
introducing my Girlfriend to Interracial Porn
telling my step niece I thought she was hot, black out drunk while drinking with her. Im fuckin 28.
misunderstanding my dad
deciding to not take Advil at work.
Stealing a car
I was banned from my favorite discord server for saying simp.
convincing my company to advertise on Reddit
coughing into my maskoopsie
playing kpop in a class
not having any memes ready for my cake day
TIFUpdate -  accidentally sending myself into alcohol withdrawal
helping someone cheat on their SO and ultimately strengthening their relationship
not paying enough attention to the itinerary of my trip.
Fighting with my GFs roommate about Die Hard and calling her a Nazi as a result
playing with fire
making the sexiest sex I ever sexed
Losing My JP Bandori Account
Im as smooth as the Cybertruck.
because I laughed
using a bullet vibrator during sex
showing my doctor my nudes
eating my cats food
forgetting to plunge the toilet (nsfw/kinda gross)
i accidentally swallowed washing up liquid
crying over potato salad
Cat rescue gone bad.
joking about my moms book idea
letting Samuel L Jackson beat me to the punchline
creating a literal soup monster on the school property and leaving it there in front of the camera.
being a shit biker
thinking I could turn my mattress alone
looking like I was making a bomb
Mom found the jizz rag.
almost dying of chocolate milk... Without the milk...
Sue them for False Advertising or Myself for Being Me???
playing with a knife (repost)
sneezing at work
going into my fathers “recently deleted” folder on his iPhone.
asking a loud cat lady one simple question
driving over a puddle
posting an article on r/Keanubeingawesome without reading the whole thing, and not realizing that the link would link to a video as well as the written article. I was banned as a result. 😭
META] This subreddit ought to be rebranded as "IFU". I don't think I've seen a post that actually happened "today" make it to the top of the sub in months. There may have been a few that did, but actual stories usually get lost in the mess of stories from months and years ago.
sleeping in sweatpants
at work (plumber)
pooping in my pants at work.
I have a question for the ladies!
letting sexual stories take over this sub
and I called my kid's teacher a fucking idiot.
letting Flaming Hot Cheetos destroy me from the inside on exam night
having a wank with the window open
elbowing my girlfriend square in the face.
browsing reddit while playing LoL with kids
doing the laundry
fucked my boyfriend off the bed then pissed on him in our air bnb
my racking myself and breaking my grandfather’s walker.
fucking with oil
accidentally doing a juice cleanse, pooping my brains out and thinking I had anal bleeding.
screaming into my towel in front of a new female friend.Funny spam
trying to get into the shower with my son
exploding milk in the microwave.
I left a glockenspiel (instrument) in the trunk of a rental car and didn't notice until today.
i ate a banana
missing mass
having sex with an Afghan translators wife in base.
getting a blowjob while my dick had a blister (Bot Generated Post)
eating a few to many Jalapeños
potentially ruining my chances with my crush
I really screwed up
having my username as Pussy Eater 69, most likely outed to my homophobic family
creeping out the pizza delivery girl with my new puppy..
6
donating to a food pantry
sticking my dick in a grapefruit.
attempting to using my wife’s sex toys
looting even though I’m a millionaire
having my wife smell my cock while my girlfriends vagina juice was still on it.
using improvised dildo fruits to be discovered by my family
When the shit hits the fan........duck
trying to be friendly and helpful
trying Prunes
getting wasted with a colleague “shit talking” my crush.
trusting my husband to put away our sex toy
asking my wife to re-align my dick
talking to my dad
losing my virginity to a masseuse
inadvertently making my hookup think I’m a killer
lieung about my age on PayPal and never getting my money or PS4 back
refrigerating my iPhone
eating Chinese before surgery
being unattractive and trying to flirt with a woman
and broke my back
my making homemade hot sauce and in the process of cleanup teargassing my family.
letting my dog drink my piss
for not listening to my girlfriend
not muting myself on an important call
Getting In A Pillow Fight
asking the guy I’m dating how his job was going
not realising I was invited to the office Christmas party
passing out on a nurse picking my dad up from dental surgery
not understanding how to get the most out of a gaming PC.
turning the stove on when I left for a week vacation
wearing Leg support
I accidentally bought my grandparents a pocket pussy
doing my job
I called my wife old trying to explain an interesting thing about the super bowl
accusing a brother and sister of incest in front of their family, 20 other people, my coworker and manager
Ate an edible and fainted
reading R/
THC OIL FOR VAPES
and got our suv stuck on a tree stump
eating food I found on the ground and setting fire to my face.
overtaking a cop @ 100mph into oncoming traffic, while black
competitive dictatrix
crushing and splitting my thumb open, then immediately and completely soaked myself in water
making a huge mess in a gas station bathroom
ignoring my constipation and not eating for an entire day
cancelling the wrong ticket.
filling a slam book in a way that i would look "cool"
accidentally saying “That’s an L” to a kid with cancer over roblox
wrecking my motorcycle
by asking a girl if she has/had cancer.
giving myself the weirdest tan ever
NSFW By not looking at the toilet beforehand.
Concussion no nomy uncle's favorite vehicle. Twice.
texting a Karen
not checking my blind spot
losing my AirPods
making a catfish account
flashing my nipples during an online proctored test with my computer's webcam on
drinking a whole jug of dole juice.
Losing my wedding ring in 2 months of marriage
stalking a person I don't really know on LinkedIn
thinking by eating a noodle cup I'd fall asleep easier but ended up eating smoke and now feeling nauseous and if anything I'll pass out from the fumes.
making myself look unhinged, deranged and stupid on r/stupidpol
pretending to be a girls boyfriend but coming off as a creep and getting banned from a restaurant on my 30th birthday with the police present
trying to go to a College/University
trolling my daughter’s principal who called to inform me she had condoms.
choosing family over self
drinking chocolate milk remains
getting high and causing a gas leak
not wearing my dental retainer
not feeling
Today I fucked up by thinking I was in love
giving my girlfriend the ring type nightmares for the rest of her life getting a silly gift for my boyfriend
grilling salmon which nearly caused our house to blow up and then scaring my cat into running away.
talking too much
on zoom lecture
drinking on my lunch break
breaking into a stranger’s house to take a shit and getting caught on the toilet
declining my gf for sex the first attempt.
friend got DUI and why not to do prescription drugs for fun.
slurring my words with Alexa
not being able to sleep after being sick
telling a widower that my family is "living"
ranting to a recruiter
not supervising my new cat
pissing on my TV while sleep walking
getting sprayed by the gardener while having sex
confusing the word "tea party" with "massacre".
telling a secretary she will be fired in a week.
trusting my cousin’s aim in the toilet
interrupting my daughter's online test
not knowing what an orgasm was due to porn
fixing a washer
getting lost in the reddit sauce
not checking to see if the toilet seat lid was up Eating Mexican Food and Taking Acid on a Date.
grabing a video game,
not realising i did not have a facemask on
telling my girlfriend with a mental health history that she’s “hellbent on destroying herself.”
thinking fairy floss grew on farms
getting my helix pierced
eating Habanero cheese and not thinking it through...
accidentally telling my son Santa doesn't exist
factory resetting my internet router
sending a short sex video to my step father
locking myself and my practically naked mother out of the house
so a package arrived in the mail...
complimenting a woman on her picnic
leaving my car keys in a building full of people with Alzheimer's.
Slept with my ex sister in law
Not Taking The Police Seriously
playing ring of fire
By taking two of my meds.
I gave my wife a crappy day.
being too thirsty
thinking my metal straw was safe to use.
almost drowning in my pool.
pouring sprite on my laptop and not doing anything about it
Sex? not checking my fb archived messages earlier. Lost a job opportunity.
bc i didnt lock my door properly
crossing the line at a pedestrian crosswalk while driving and getting screamed at for it
forgetting about an invoice for 20 years... twice.
calling my doctor for an anti itch cream
not asking for the price of an item
I walked in on my teacher on the loo.
farting in a small room with 2 technicians
forgetting that I was sharing my screen during a work meeting
shitposting on r/AskReddit
not knowing what sanitary towels were until the age of 25
All moderators of have been kidnapped!
thinking dish soap was butter
booking a flight to the wrong airport
forgetting to stay in the zoom zone. Reposting to fix title.
talking trash about a supervisor
saying just what I thought about my kids teacher while he was behind me.
not understanding the claim in an toothpaste advert
but sending a “late night” snap to the wrong girl
telling my coworker men can still ejaculate normally after a vasectomy
opening my microphone while watching youtube.
A firend wanted to be something more. I agreed.
almost prostituting myself
The day explosive “runs” landed me in jail for 3 weeks
gifting a condom with my face on it to my crush as a joke at our Valentine's date.
I killed a baby bird years ago
smoking THC concentrate w/ a girl from Facebook Dating
Today I fucked up by having more protein in my shake than I bargained for.
asking my girlfriend how she does her hair to help her.
trying to get sexy with my milk filled jugs
not getting a girls hints
The case of the rupturing lemonade.
asking a dude to "watch his cigarette"
and my dad walked past the window.
being pro mask in a post
with a blindfold, petroleum jelly, and a butt plug
not being protective enough of my phone / gallery
sewing on a button that fell off.
watching anime in class.
not telling a store clerk I was using the restroom
when my dad saw my saved labia posts on reddit
crossing the street.
trying to fix my work laptop and breaking it more
looking under my parents bed
gifting a Crock Pot on my wife’s birthday
sending my boss a job posting
Today I Fucked Up By Throwing Myself Down Half a Flight of Stairs Because I thought I saw a Spider.washing my clothes in fabric softener
I called my friend a retard. Turns out she has autism.
trying to get tonsil stones out
scaring the family's dog into the woods (He got home safe TLDR)
implying that I never shower
making some guacamole
cooking bacon in the oven
making my boss handle my shit, literally.
Nsfw:  not realising my phone was connected to my housemates speaker
forgetting a. Large (buck) knife on my hip when walking into a highschool
cumming off my balcony
accidentally running the US border with weed in the car during the 9-11 lockdown
telling my girlfriend to lose weight
making drivers Think im suicidal
masturbating with corn
playing Minecraft while having Snapchat sex
giving a house to my high school crush without having my wife with me
playing my nsfw music too loud
I Hot Glued My Butt Cheeks Together
dying my skin blue
paying for a meal twice
YIFU by completely shattering the freaking glass rotisserie oven window at the BJ's Wholesale Deli Department (where I work).
Accidentally told my boss to human centipede the leader of North Korea
sending my boss my bf's text
getting partially kidnapped by a cabbie, nearly getting arrested and embarrassing myself at my job.
attending a webinar on zoom completely naked
My mom stepped in my nut
getting locked in a toilet and banging on the door so hard my knuckles bled
having sex while my girlfriend is on her period
burning my pp with acid
Throwing Bottles Into a Bin
pronouncing the letter W wrong for thirty years.
Unintentionally forced my way into a funeral procession on the freeway
unknowingly agreeing to a gauntlet of pain
having anxiety attack at my cousin's wedding
touching my face and feeding my guinea pigs with habanero hands
bathing my dog naked
accidentally superglueing my hand to my vibrator
leaving my bedroom door open.
accidentally triggering a close friends dysphoria
Today By Swearing To a Teacher In Google Classroom
calling my friend's mom a hoe
the day I learned not to give my 5 year old a stinky sanchez
Accidentally drugged someone?
I fucked up by using acne medicine instead of lotion while masturbating
playing Pokemon.
When I almost set our apartment on fire
carona penis
clean shaving my legs
falling for a scammy website
Giving myself Tinnitus and I haven't slept in a week and going insane. I don't know where to turn
playing a game on family computer
oversharing with my chiropractor
giving my dog a bath and having a big butt
seeing the ghosts of WW1 Veterans
letting my thieving father have access to my mail
doing the Paqui one chip challenge while having CVS (Cyclic vomiting syndrome)
deleting the video files i needed to make a youtube video
not sharing any of my hot hamburg sandwiches with a hungry hobo.
trying to let my cat get on top of the hutch and probably permanently scarring my face
making my girlfriend's friend's car failing to start
I dipped a needle in pen ink and stabbed my thigh and it went in too deep
Not exactly a but more of a generic life FU
just wanting to enjoy some quality time with my friends
using Clorox wipes for an unintended purpose
Thinking My Earplugs Were Plugged In
buying a 1000 guitar only to regret it the next day.
using Tomato ketch up
falling for one of the most common scams, jeopardizing my safety and losing over a thousand dollars.
forgetting to send out my naval academy deposit.
accidentally walking into the women’s restroom. causing ~$3k in damage with a $4 fuck up
having my own definition for the expression "sow my wild oats"
making the delivery guy think some Jerry springer shit was going on
sending a customer a free pair of shoes
unknowingly naming and branding my new app and website by a slang term used for bisexual black men who have secret homosexual hookups
waiting too long to poop, literally breaking my toilet and bursting pipes.
pooping my pants in the second grade and making the whole class evacuate
drinking too much rum and vomiting.
accidentally calling my aboriginal friend a slave
sending my dad a Facebook meme
ordering a giant box of condoms off amazon that my dad opened
giving my neighbour a free show
Going to the Park
misreading a word on my Pokémon extra credit assignment
Oh no no no no no
looking up an old fling...on LinkedIn
keeping a spider under a cup instead of killing it right away.
for eating beef jerky
offering deodorant to a follow classmate
washing a textbook
not washing my hands properly after cooking and trying to put in contacts
getting hammered and painting my friends house with vomit.
stealing a soccer mom's wheel
pushing my gf into the oven when I went to slap her ass.
probably sleeping outside because I waited for a girl who now ghosted me
Most embarrassing thing that has ever happened to me...
masturbating in the living room with my dad
shaving my bits for a dick pic like a teenager, instead of a 45 year old, grown ass man
mentioning Terry a. Davis in class
rejecting my ex best friend AGAIN.
a embarrassing poker game
being and trying to help an old man
getting a metal rod stuck in my wall (pictures included)
By Agreeing to watch a friends dog.
Did some things I'm not proud of
Today i f***** up bad
moaning infront of my grandparents.
evacuating my office building... with my gigantic fart.
masterbating during a prayer meeting
when my boss saw Richardo Milos on my Bag
Last summer, My grandparent’s dogs locked me out of their house, and I caused myself and my mom an unpleasant amount of stress and physical pain.
eating habanero chips to clear up my sinuses.
Getting Too Competitive In A Game Of stag
my misnaming an actress
playing with a dildo and dumping lube all over my phone
attempting to get a glow-up
forgetting to kill a program with camera permissions while on a video call with my parents
joining a company out of ego, with poor planning.
i ate a whole bag of dates
Ghost pepper vs 5 year old
Eating Marijuana Edibles on Purpose for my First Time
posting an article on /r/WorldNews with an inaccurate title that got 130k upvotes
mistaking the UPS guy for my mom
watching to much anime
accidentally turning on my face cam while streaming on Discord
when going to the hospital for an MRI
eating an ice cream in an ice cream cafe
starting a fire in John Lewis
telling my 3yr old that spiders are scary
getting locked out of my dorm at 2 AM... in my boxers... I think
bringing my suitcase carry-on
microwaving a cup of milk
lit a firework in my friends room
throwing my plate of food away after telling her I would eat it
masturbating and being seen by my younger brother
going down a hill at high speeds
going to smell the roses
mixing up the famous painter and the famous Titanic actor
pulling an all nighter for my Chem exam
leaving an oily outline of my naked body, on our hallway wall....and it won’t come off.
This post was generated by a Neural Network
taking a sick day off from school
cooking soup
bothering a worker and making a fool of myself
blowing my cover while sleepwalking.
sharing my screen with my squad and SSG
having to leave at 2 in the morning bc of false fire alarm
being a victim of extortion and blackmail
adding my stepmom's phone to the blacklist on my WiFi Extender
hacking and almost getting banned on my friends minecraft server which we have been playing of for a couple of years.
mixing up 2 way different words
telling my mom to keep sucking until she gets the little balls in her mouth.
going to the bookstore and buying Diary of a Wimpy Kid even though I'm almost 18.
TLDR by eating edibles for the first time in a long time
using powdered sugar insted of flour for a sauce base and noticing later
forgetting to wipe my nut of the floor
throwing up all over a client during sex and ending up in the hospital.
failing No Nut November which caused me to break my tooth
not realizing who else was in the Zoom breakout room
getting body jewely stuck in my penis and making it way worse
pavloving my self to smoke
calling my friend's mother "f*cking disrespectful" as a joke.
finding out what a simp is.
cracking my computer lcd
deleting an essay on the bar exam
trying to buy some milk and a pack of smokes.
slipping on wet tiles and not cutting my toenails
updating my Mac to Big Sur
finding a mouse under my fridge!
eating takis
recycling package peanuts
I pushed,pushed,pushed as the doc in my dream told me but I delivered diarrhea in my host's guest room bed.
falling for a April fools in a pharmacy.
talking about an ex-FWB during sex with my girlfriend
throwing a trashbag
from a misclick and deleted my discord
I have braces and well...
Reading Fifty Shades of Grey to a Senior Citizen
not flushing whilst my grandma was staying over
shoveling snow for my neighboors
shaving my taste buds
telling my parents my boyfriend's private information
rushing towards a large booming sound after a power outage
not realizing my computer has an option to play DVD scenes at random instead of in order.
dreaming I was happy
unmuting myself in a zoom call with my students
not telling my boss it was my last day.
locking myself out of my house while carrying no food, water, spare key, or t-shirt
partying like I was ten years younger and then trying to ride my bike home (with security cam footage)
kissing my brother in law in the cheeks
drinking tequila and getting to third base with my roommate NSFW
(Serious)  lying about an important exam score
blowing my nose before work
having sex with my dominant girlfriend.
taking what i thought was acid, with a bunch of strangers
showering today.
making my parents think I am suicidal.
not following instructions.
Random ik
trying to steal a sign and throwing my whole life away in the process
watching my mother-in-law accidentally brush her son's cum all over her teeth. (NSFW)
trusting a internet stranger
accidentally flashing my neighbor
destroying the only thing on the menu
forgetting to end the Discord call.
throwing out my PC's retention clips.
Poor little cats...
Broke my friend's iphone
Today I fucked up by faking Depression.
T making a really bad joke during a serious job interview.
taking advantage of my unconscious husband
needing to run for my bus
drinking Pudge's butt water
not checking my e-mails
up by sticking a flute up my ass and blowing shit in my face
joking around with my father in law
droping my phone on the soap.
Showing my Nephew the Herb Garden
damaging my flat's wooden floor
pooping on my work bathroom floor
thinking the cute girl at the mall was into me
got high and lost my friends
buying the expansion for the wrong pokemon game
being an entitled person.
asking a girl I like to go on a date
Taking lot's of acid in Bali... waking up in bloody sheets with no belongings.
Oopsie Doopsie
drinking 2 litres of water before bed
Sought cover in a garage and almost died.
Tales from Quarantine 69
kissing my female bestfriend
the dinner is ready
streamed porn on the family TV
I've been sucked by a jacuzzi
eating Girl Scout cookies
drinking cockroach eggs because my dishwasher is broken.
Chatting a Screenshot of a Naughty Game in a Work Convo
not continuing cutting a conversation short with a girl who recognized me
not telling my girlfriend I gave a pack of condoms to a friend
getting cought wanking
using my mom's dryer
bringing a homemade grenade to school
accidentally pinging all server admins on discord.
lying to my boss in order to get PTO approved
getting too cocky stealing.
not muting my mic during a online class
trying to teach my neighbors dog to swim
seeing my mother in law naked
letting my radioactive clit explode my brain and send me for a 5 hour hospital visit
my relationship with my gfs neighbor
crossing my legs trying to get comfy
when I accidentally blew up a baking dish
not confessing that this dude's fiancèe in college would participate in frequent group sex with our athletic team after meeting him face to face.
coming out as bisexual on accident
Today I fucked up by wearing shorts
having a thigh gap and drinking poop water
misgendering a major client at my job
showing my friend nudes on my discord
washing my clothes and making them smell worse
running out of shampoo
forgetting to wash my bowl i ate noodles out of and ate cereal in it
thinking the toilet seat was up
accidentally walking to a nearby town.
saying "amen" in church at the wrong time
air playing porn on the apple tv
Hit on by a girl, I blew it
My mom walks in on masturbating for her pleasure
getting caught spaffing on my wifes flowers
promoting safe at a christmas party.
watching a movie with my door open amd scaring off the girl I liked
retrieving a rogue parasol from a roof
Tried to impress a girl on a skating date and got cut by her skate blade a couple inches from my penis
My girlfriend's entire family hates me and has forbidden her from seeing me or contacting me
buying a fiberglass bed on Amazon and injuring my hips
kissing my boyfriend with a peanut allergy
commenting on my friend`s nephews unibrow
Hire Us for Professional SEO Services in India
thinking my back pain was nothing serious
Ugly Sweater Contest
flying home for the Holidays
wanting to know if she’s happy
accidentally swallowing a cherry seed
not checking my emails
going back in time
because of a groupwork
getting curious with gum
I fucked up by cutting my knee while masturbating
texting the wrong person and oversharing my personal struggles with an older professional I work with
blacking out and cheating on my girlfiriend, and now i need help
talking about my dildo with my husband
telling a friend that i will listen to him rant about his problems.
farting while wearing an N95 mask
23 i am down for sexting and fun with trades nudes on kik:arnisa111
parking in front of someones driveway...
Well not Today but two weeks ago IFU by playing BDSM with a crazy woman...
that time I learned that laxatives were not to be trifled with. alternately, the plane trip from hell.
finding an adult toy manual in my mom's closet
destroying my side mirror
seeing our handyman using my bathroom without permission
explaining to a muslim kid how kids are really made
Not clearing my history. (short)
exposing myself to my mum
yelling at my mom and crossing a line
not closing my underwear drawer
having the wildest sex of my life with a stranger then finding out the next morning she thought I was someone else.
refusing sex with the only girl I have ever had feelings for, and loosing her forever.
having sex with my boyfriends twin
asking for a can of cola to stick in my...
putting the wrong college name in an essay I copy/pasted on my application and submitted without revising
having the sexiest sex I’ve ever sexed.
I accidently pointed to a classmate about his disability that he didn't know he had and embarrassed him..
spending a night at a police station because of my dick
trying to roast people in class.
being too insecure
letting gf know I won't break-up after she got diagnosed with an STD
Buy Angieslist Accounts
By saying "i have green beans" on my company's flight coordination message board
indulging my mother’s abusive behaviour for too long.
trying to kill a mosquito in a tree and then getting attacked by hundreds of them.
accidentally confessing my love to a stranger and dating him for many months.
Cooking with chili before touching myself
trying to use the bathroom without checking the ceiling
and almost hit a work colleague
I had a panic attack
taking a (maybe?) dad joke literally
bringing a knife to school
not me but my dad told me.
giving my girlfriend chemical burns while on LSD.
when sending a buyer some excplicit adult content via chat, but sent the message to my family group..
accidentally stealing 9/11 decorations then getting detained by hotel security for wrecking the bar.
sending an apocalypse themed work email
TFILFU majorly
telling my mom to f**k off
killing my pc
putting tea tree oil on my lady bits.
using the very wrong choice of words
almost destroying a microwave and giving myself food poisoning.
taking my chainsaw to the "professionals"
So I made a wholesome post calling for people to send me messages to cheer me up ... didn't realize I made this post on my throwaway sex account
message to my cousin
breaking a rule in my non-monogamous relationship.
reverse image searching a very odd picture.
not calculating the friction constant of wet feet and linoleum
ruining my new car
having anxiety, being self conscious and having a best friend
giving myself a stick n poke
telling an inside joke to some random strangers
telling the wrong person about the diaper stuck to my clients butt.
biting my dog, really hard
accidentally giving my dad an SD card full of nudes.
ruining a dinner with my family in the most mortifying way possible.
carelessly leaving a chocolate bar near my girlfriend's dog
trusting bees
using the wrong toilet in an airport
walking in on my moms' colleague getting dressed.
taking my dog to the beach
LYING TO YOU 6 TIMES BUT BEING THERE AT ALL DARK DAYS
Having Sex in the Dark
Cockblocking a guy with my farts
thinking I am a plumber
bare knuckle speed-bagging my freshly drained sack
trying to be cool at the skatepark
and told a cop that I break the law every single day.
trying to get a hubcap back on the wheel 200+ km from home
asking a colleague if I can touch her birth control.
Possibly missed opportunity to hookup with a gorgeous guest at my hotel.
using an old air freshener
getting in trouble due to a broken printer at school
accidentally flashing my dick to my Mum and sister
accidentally ruining my junk for life in the middle of a pandemic
And America wins the war"
dating my bosses ex fiancé.
accidentally messaging the wrong person and I’m so embarrassed!
accidentally breaking my penis
accidently swiping on dudes on bumble
offhandedly mentioning a snowstorm to my mom
accidentally crashing into someone’s car with my bike.
trying to funny with a guy who rides with other guys on Motorcycles while wearing patches. Nuff said.
taking a giant dump on the freeway in broad daylight.
being my sensible self
giving my wife a Hall Pass with stipulatuons she agreed to but did not honor..now what do i do?
bu humping my bed
Going To The Bank
possibly contracting corona.
going into an abandoned asylum with my friends.
No Roommate for Sophomore Year
Welcoming the Host to His Own Party
Driving my friend to see a cool view and now her boyfriend thinks we had sex
taking instructions too literally and locking myself in a strangers garage
making a Star Wars joke about Hurricane Katrina
I was distracted on my phone, and I dropped my cookie in the trash instead of the plastic spoon. 😢
letting people believe I was a a white supremacist
Taking Out The Trash Before Eating
making shrimp tacos giving a severe allergic reaction to my dad
posting a Sexting story on my IG
SPACING OUT AT THE WORST TIME POSSIBLE
convincing my driving instructor that I was into some real nasty shit with my Aunt.....
urinating on my Les Dennis body pillow
how to have anal sex with no pain
getting DFACS called on my parents
walking in on my friend having sex and alerting an awake teacher
forgetting my friends birthday and then asking for history notes on her birthday
New pants. laser tag ate them
ruining a 3 day baguette recipe.
and used well/tap water with Neti Pot. Worried about Amoeba. Help calm my nerves!
giving a fake name at Starbucks
letting my child say "Hi" to an elderly lady and her adorable golden retreiver
forgetting the anniversary of my most embarrassing moment
walking away from a girl who asked for my number
leaving a hotel room looking like a bloody murder scene
ordering for 7 at 2 am
shooting myself in the head
I am such a dumbass
sending my friend a valentine letter as a joke and pretending it was from a girl
Anybody got PUA Recently?
not throwing out trash
having my zippers open the whole day while roaming around college
spitting gum in my wife’s hair
never wearing my glasses in the shower
giving myself bangs
designing a 'Sorry' greeting card.
Today I fucked up by walking into the bathroom without knocking.
jacking off in the elevator (double
unmuting my friend in an online class
falling asleep by my computer and ending up in the ER and getting 2 stitches in my face
behaving like a child in the snow
accidentally making my family think I'm racist because of pokemon go
being too nice to a potential roommate and inviting a creep into my apartment
I got the one friend who had been sticking by me to stop responding to my text
Fuck my life...
blowing at least 17 loads into my girl in 1 while day and her sis joined in when she opened the door. Then her mom came from work and caught us...
being a little ‘too’ spicy
mooing at horses.
misusing the toilet at London Paddington
exploding my garbage disposal
donating literal garbage to the needy
nearly killing my husband
Fox tail butt plug
Strip Club Edition
breaking lockdown rules to make out with a guy I haven't been quarantining with
locking myself out of my office.. and then the evidence being found
pissing on my daughters breakfast.
Fastest way to the doghouse is the classic call your girlfriend the wrong name... shit..
leaving my cell phone with my girlfriend all so that she could find out I cheated on her months ago.
taking out the recycling
asking a veteran where he was hiding his legs
pulling a grey hair from my nose
TIFUpdate by drunk texting my crush
doing the sex!
browsing Reddit
accidentally bringing a concealed knife to an airport.
eating a crumb
путем drining слишком много водки
because I got stoned on the way to the pet store
forgetting the most obvious thing at home on my way to another city!
finishing all over myself
taking acid even tho i got tinnitus and thus ruined friendship and a fun trip.
NSFW:  drawing a penis on a white board at work in permanent marker and writing my name next to it.
losing a $250 piece of work equipment
being rude to my mom
getting caught watching nudes by my granny while shes praying.
ripping my light off the roof, whilst asleep
meeting SO's BIL for the first time and persistently trying to initiate a handshake...forgot about COVID and protective dog.
after watching the usual suspects
flinging a spider at my wife across the room
Said inflamed ball sack out loud
scratching car in a stupid way
clicking schedule now on a text message instead of edit
thinking I could help technology that works just great on its own. VHS edition
texting a racist girl that I met on Instagram
not telling client my photography rate
spilling sprite on my brothers macbook
telling a lady i didnt care she had cancer
being super kind and mixing in my boyfriend’s laundry with mine; his socks, pants, shirts, boxers, cellphone...
getting black catpisswater all over myself
buying my wife clothes for Christmas
accidentally calling the Police
not wanting to move a sleeping cat off my lap
telling an old acquaintance to send her mom my wishes
accidentally revealing my roommates status to my classroom
telling my GF my Ex was more good looking 😢
spiking my own drink
locking myself both in and out of my house.
stepping on my housemates cat
playing with my kitten.
making a joke in class
assuming my coworker was laughing at her dad who died of cancer.
saying to my teacher "well f**k you, you f*****g fat b***h!"
fleeing from my helpfull friends
Bought the wrong size fridge
going thru my bfs phone
eating my cereal wrong, passing out and nearly concussing myself.
Found a 3wk tampon inside me
believing in an american.
I peed on my girlfriend and laptop (SHORT VERSION)
i touched my crush in a weird way
sending a reddit link about tiktok spying cussing a rift between me and my sister
using conditioner in my bath instead of BW
wasting my savings trying to go back to college
having no-strings sex with my hot ex from high school from a decade ago in a hotel. My wife doesn't know.
leaving the self checkout without my $40s cash back
requesting dats off for medical reasons
Please tell me if this was awkward and embarrassing or not?
calling my professor “mom” in front of 30 other students (I’m 19)
not wearing a mask.
not taking my dorm room keys with me to the shower
at my work
putting myself as the ultimate creep
having a fight
having hiccups and scaring my dog
ban me from existence
putting hand sanitizer on a sunburn trusting my aim
forgetting that the bathroom was being repainted
changing my google account name
ranting about my roommates dog WHILE HE WAS HOME
By telling the truth about my mentality concerning sex.
making fake people and losing a friend over it.
It only takes 0.5 seconds to destroy your £1,000 PC
I sent a dick pic to my bank by mistake!!
going to a BLM march
not listening to the friends who cared
forgetting to mute my microphone
My mom found my vibrator im so fucked
when my mum found my fleshlight
falling infront of everyone in the canteen
trying to follow my clinical instructors orders
leaving a thermometer in a boiling Bunsen beaker in class.
I kicked a guys dog and almost walked into his home.
Gave away hard earned money to a stranger for my own delight
TIFI By Agitating My Bloody Nose
accidentally looking like a rapist
telling a shitty joke
pissing in a hotels plant pot
I got a smoothie thinking I would get a frozen yogurt
breaking a guy's "little buddy"
letting go of the handrail while taking a picture at platform 9 3/4
AVE IN GLORIOSA NOMINE SATANAS
not drying my pants
looking for a tissue in the dark
forgetting to be the tooth fairy
Almost drank a spider
rubbing toothpaste on my balls.
buying a watch worth 8.000€
letting my mind wander and almost getting suspended for it
forgetting it was my brother’s last day of entrance exams to college
leaving my sex toy out by the sink..
I was given the perfect Dad Joke opportunity and blew itI blew the perfect dad joke opportunity.
moving my Windows install to an SSD.
taking precautions when being scammed
almost ending myself in the stairs
getting caught jacking off by my nephew.
for mistaking my superior as burglar
taking my most glorious poop ever
vaping and making myself sick off and on for months
flashing to passenger’s underwears who is sitting next to me
cutting my fingertip off, NSFL
getting caught having sex in my bfs car by my parents
sharing my ex’s privacy
By making a joke about my old boss who recently passed.
pissing my pants in front of my mum
convincing myself I have depression
impregnating my step-mother
not cleaning my belly button for 21 years.
shitting on my hand
picking my nose and eating it on a zoom call
probably breaking my nose by motorboating my girlfriends ass
letting people peer-pressure me into returning to work pre-maturely.
accidentally turning down hot girl
making my brother think that I'd killed myself
not changing my Snapchat password
accidentally (not) coming out to my childhood friend
sending a snap to the wrong person.
falling for a graphics designer scam.
thinking it’d be a funny to attend an online class with a toy up my butt (19f)
Getting A Wooden Marble Stuck Up My Butt.
accidentally creating a civil war in a club before I even joined.
I’m never flying a drone again. my brothers Christmas, (ALMOST)
spilling Burger King Coffee all over an AIRBNB Comforter.
brushing my teeth while nauseous, getting too hot, and eating low carb
sending a snap to the wrong person
writing a post that endangered and angered a lot of people, again by not including a TL;DR.
smoking weed with my boyfriend
dropping my Ganja between two fences
wanting to do sexy stuff while high
trying to have sex with a toilet paper roll
being mad that my friend was at a funeral
I give the impression I’m really stupid because I’m not used to speaking to people and I get nervous
probably losing my scholarship
trying to pass a drug test
thinking I could have nice things
playing fortnite NSFW
when I decided to wipe with sweaty gym butt.
spending 100 dollars on something useless.
lying to my students
emailing my future college without spell checking
getting scammed out of a $120 videogame item,
Sending My Little Pony porn to my Psych 101 group
accidentally swearing in a college assignment that was read by my teacher
and bricked my $300 motherboard being 2 hours to early in school because I didn’t realized that I only had to come to the 3rd period
eating chicken pot pie that wasn’t cooked properly
making overly sexual noises when farting, which led to me getting the “Birds and Bees” talk
trying to make my family laugh with a fart.
I accidentally bought a ticket for Ihsaniye instead of the Cobanlar
letting my friend date my ex
I didn't know I was a spendthrift until I had 200,000
forgetting to mute my mic in my online class
losing a spider in my room
discussing a celebrity crush with my colleagues
I got scammed today due to my own stupidity and hope in human decency.
Forgetting Some Mousetraps
trying to make my own weed extracts at home as a teenager living with my parents.
watching on a big screen burning/exploding boiled eggs. Again.
putting my son to bed
TIDFU IF U LIVE IN ENGLAND LOOK AT THIS
Today I fucked up and made a foot only fans....
skipping school
saving my neighbors life and thus ruining her life.
almost accidentally coming out.
trying to full-send snowboarding on straight ice
masturbating for the first time in a while at work, while high.
assuming all of the posts in where accounts of events that transpired the day of posting
accidentally sending a nude to my works groups chat and lost my job because of it
regurgitating food in front of my superiors
telling my girl I would like a blowjob
slayyy sis
ordering Chinese food.
almost burning down a Subway.
searching for pornographic content
running towards my caged cousin, which let me to being pushed down the stairs by a screaming smoking sex worker who told the cops and a bitch paramedic that I’m a paranoid schizophrenic to get me sedated. But my tree stump- built cousin came to save the day.
teaching my 9 year old step daughter safe kitchen practices
practically pepper spraying my apartment.
finding out my parents hobby the hard way .
sarcastically implying that there are a lot of spiders in the back yard
on Christmas DIY
falling for a blackmail scheme on Facebook
months ago, realizing just now) by throwing away a piece of furniture while moving that had all of my original pokemon gameboy games in it
taking the blame when my “friend” laughed when the teacher was talking about 2 dead students
drinking tea, again
overindulging in bean stew
Today I fucked up by inviting a "Karen" to our party.
asking Tim Schafer for his job
attending a friends birthday party
I confessed to my girlfriend that I had sexual relations and feelings for family members in my past and now she’s disturbed and uncomfortable with it all. I want to know whether her break up with me for that is a legitimate reason or rationale. Please help.
Today I fucked up by losing my wedding ring. being forced relieve myself in my backyard.
leaving an egg out
tried to have sex in a car with BF and got caught by cops
taking the phrase ‘the blind leading the blind’ way too literally
getting drunk and playing hide and seek
bu deleting my reddit account
trying my wife's breastmilk
mispronouncing a word and introducing a kid to sex
accidentally deleting my instagram account
accidentally getting unbelievably high
giving cardboard to an homeless person at work so he wouldn't have to sleep on the pavement
being awkward and running away
fake closing my store
it can only go up from here.... i hope
trying to help my brother find a wallpaper.
buying nudes (NSFW)
using a slur.
I was describing my senior thesis research in Triple Negative Breast Cancer and got reported for HIPAA and sexual harassment
burning my ponytail off trying trying to make mac and cheese
telling my 3 year old daughter that she's the cutest kid in the world and making it look like I'm kidnapping her, and getting punched.
How I’ve messed my own life up.
People aren't always who they seem to be
making artichoke syrup
Today i fucked up by jacking off to my aunt's 20s pic.calling my dad- bro.
leaving my eyeliner on the counter
accidently showing a colleague a dick pic
only being interested in women with dicks/trans women
when my girlfriend spent the night at mine for the first time, only to end with her dad carrying her out of my house and taking her home
having sex with Shub-Niggurath
riding my bicycle in 40 MPH winds and when rain was forecast in the next hour and wasting valuable time sitting in roadworks for ten minutes instead of using the pavement to save valuable time.
leaving a faucet on
I made my teacher cry because I tried to comfort a classmate
using my dad's computer to print something trying to help a little girl in a departmental store
trying to stop a shoplifter
trying to help one insecurity
posting a Copy Pasta into a live online classroom with all the Science Teachers
my entire future
I (23F) wanted to surprise my brother (18M) and instead burned through half of his bank account
By sticking my dick in a hornets nest of white-boi's
leaving a sock out of my drawer.
trying to buy porn
ดารากักตัวอยู่บ้านนานร่างกายต้องการวิตามิน SEA
eating a moldy muffin
urinating in a school bin
I locked my hotel room from the inside then got myself locked out of it without any key...
I got god awful timing.
pissing off my entire block of new neighbors
smoking mouldy weed, through mouldy bong water, with a person who was sick.
farting in the hallway
not using protection
watching the wrong Little Shop of Horrors
suggesting a new tag for r/totally not meta or anything)
accidentally recording for two hours straight without noticing.
yes, I am allergic to Weed
After some movie style Christmas sex
outing myself.
Silly story, not too bad of an f up, forgot to lock bathroom door (or lock unlocked?)
trying to dry a brush
breaking into my own house
taking my anxiety medicine after a can of Bang
break checking a cop, then cussing him out.
although it was 23 hrs ago) by making a post about being worried about a girl liking me
I couldn't unmatch my mentor on dating site
LPT:  proposing to my gf as an April Fool's day joke
masturbating too much
I’m mega mega fucked.
I lost my job because of a 69 joke.
hitting my dogo while playing beatsaber
Good Luck Buddy
hitting a random child with a pool cue
letting my boyfriend gab my ass
getting on Space Mountain and shutting down Magic Kingdom
I killed the best relationship in my life because she complimented me
spilling my fragrance bottles
changing the rules of two servers
becoming an anti-masker
daring my husband to eat a GIANT clove of garlic
driving off without pumping gas
taking laxatives for the first time in my life
destroying my car door
falling for a girl who was too young
making an inappropriate comment for a funeral
Wet My Pants - Stupid Belt
not washing my hands before a blowjob.
apologizing to my professor
destroying my son's innocence.
I accidently laughed at my best friends pet dying
agreeing to be tied up (a bit NSFW)
spreading some holiday cheer
cooking my Chicken pot pie incorrectly and eating a little bit of it
waiting too long to ask out my crush.
mising my cake day
Today I fucked up by looking at my boyfriends old phone
telling my gf of one month I love her by accident.
handling jalapeno peppers then rubbing my eyes
not wearing a mask while bicycling
accidentally 'sounding' while taking my medication
LPT:  taking my night meds at 730AM
messing up with my girlfriend who's on her period
smashing my friends phone into a toilet
wearing platform crocs
**UPDATE**  sending a highly disrespectful email to a Major in the military
getting a job at McDonald's
letting go of the handrail at platform 9 and 3/4.
2 of my college professors 👩‍🏫
trying to be prepared against COVID-19, only to make myself sick
pooping on holiday
calling my dog a bitch in the middle of class
telling my husband he technically raped me in college
mixing shampoo
being oblivious
making death threats to the electrician
making a video exposing racism and lack of education in Poland, got disliked into oblivion by polish patriots
talking in a server without knowing what things meant
ignoring a couple in Prague
looking at porn before tesxting a friend.
By accidentally
ordering $500,000 worth of supplies because I didn't pay attention to one small detail.
realizing it was my cake day yesterday
packing a wedding guest gift into our suitcase and go through airport security
washing a car too slow and causing my parents to maybe getting a divorce
cleaning my bong in the dishwasher.
Taking Opiods and Almosy Dying
smashing a mustard packet
is just a fake sex story sub.
touching my dick after trying a hot pepper
feeding my cat my semen
ruining my chances with a girl
Cast iron isn't friends with me
zooming in on my friends butt while recording a promo video for my schools upcoming play?
Reading Fifty Shades of Grey to a Senior
throwing a Starburst at some guy’s head in the movie theatre
breaking the rules
kicking in the door of a trans prostitute (sorry for my language I'm not a native)
using my phone during class
having an abortion on my birthday.
slapping my friend with a fish
taking my glasses off
walking in on my friend having sex with his step mom
I lost my scholarship for "Innapropriate Behavior" and feel ashamed yet duped
ruining a livestream
losing £1000 in under a few hours.
a job offer by using a reference who may have had past indiscretions with employers wife
watching questionably acceptable porn on personal computer while connected to company VPN
kicking a dog at 50 km/h
streching in the morning.
forgetting my fathers birthday, for 7 days, even while calling him 3 days ago.
5 Months Ago by taking too much chinese sildenafil.
swearing at a manager from another country
sampling my cat's urine
setting my girlfriend's vagina on fire
sending my dick pick and getting blackmailed.
deleting my old Nintendo account
deleting my Minecraft world
wasting $700 on a plane ticket
Looked at my wife's phone of nude pic her friend sent her
googling a bunch of symptoms, accusing my girlfriend of giving me a venereal disease, and breaking a window
Had adult conversation with a 6 year old
giving the girl I like my dads number
buying FourLoko
21f) by having big feet and embarrassing a police officer.
using a T-shirt to strain my home made oat milk.
I told my friend to go to runthegauntlet.org
not realizing a girl was asking me to prom
pooping my first day at a new job
shitting my pants during a test.
My Gram put my nephew into the wrong car
ending up on a 400K views YT video in a foreign country
letting my maid know i was watching xxx videos
making my friends think I was going to hang myself
being nice to my parents
Got a job in a car stereo install bay with no experience. It...didn't end well.
accidentally farting in front of my boyfriend
looking around a bit too much in my moms room
trusting a fart too much... right before my final exam
in not canceling office 365
getting my nephew excited about the end of the world
French fries
letting my friend play a clip of a guitar solo on my Bluetooth speaker
Washington high school celebrates nuking Japan 2020
getting reported to my company for an argument I had on Twitter.
receiving gift from my uncle
*having a good time* in a pool
not getting this adorable lady’s number
saying sorry
meeting a dentist from OLD
blocking friend requests on the PSN.
eating spicy food while not wearing any bottoms
got drunk before alcohol test
trying to roast an online celebrity.
with an embarrassing typo at work.
leaving my phone unlocked and my son forwarded a nude to my MIL
dropping noodles on my dirty ass kitchen floor and ate it
not realizing my friend was still with his girlfriend
taking a dump in the outdoors
By taking a single step
singing ‘Rock the Casbah’
TIFY by eating too much
drinking the forbidden white soup
calling a 12 year old cute
giving baby spiders a place to stay
trying to get my blanket from behind the couch recliner
masturbating with a detachable shower head
saying I hated Obama.
making my 2 year old daughter cry with a bedtime story
unmuting my mic during Spanish Class.
buying a tampered hand sanitizer product
accepting my overseas Job
I got jumped.
not questioning why my doctor didn’t follow up with me about a chest X-ray
sending the wrong resume to over 50 job applications
Just accidentally ate a ghost chilli
telling a homeless woman that I hope she gets to go home soon.
thinking my cat was a female.
selling my car and forgetting about the cash
jokingly booking a flight for my wife and designating her suffix as "Jr."
going on this subreddit and spontaneously combusting
redecorating my aquarium, with cats.
getting my bank accounts drained by a scammer
burning a frozen wholegrain bread roll in my microwave, splitting the plate half in the process
taking my trypophobia friend into a volcanic cave
telling my boyfriend that his band sounds awful so much that my ears hurt
letting a minor use my phone.
My boyfriend saw it...
sticking my finger in a humidifier
taking shit
buying a new phone.
petting a dog during a meeting
accidentally sending a text in a group chat saying something mean about one of the people in the group chat thinking I was texting a friend outside of the group chat.
having a coughing fit
shooting my shot and then finding out that hes married
TIFA by impregnating my ex-wife
accidentally sticking my hand in a hole (kill!ng two bäby skünks and injüring a mother skünk)
changing my med routine
Removing valve cover gasket before a long trip
getting my sunglasses
having a crush and liking a girl
calling my teacher my grandma
sanitizing my lungs
doing noodles
Spelling error in an email to lawyer
firing a coworker
not being aware of the "not actually today" warning
trying to spraypaint next to a group of crackheads
cutting my wiener on a fence
My dad found my pocket (b)pussy - Embarrassed.
zipping off a piece of my nipple
My new fitness watch got me caught having a personal "marathon" during my nap; after the fact!
joking with my little brother
not realising that my teacher's could see my work.
ordering fleshlight
trying to drunkenly unclog a toilet
my life and ended my marriage, now I have to work on things to smooth it out so it will be better for my family with out me.
Today I suggested kids could get aids from animals
training my dog to give me nerve damage
TIFY FOR EMBARASSING MYSELF IN FRONT OF MY CRASH
rushing to hook up a trailer.
asking a lady doing my ultrasound how my balls looked
completely blocking my throat with food (for 15hrs)
trying to avoid a road rage confrontation and possibly making a new neighbor think I was stalking them.
reminding an ill girl that her condition could kill her
doing my comatose wife by accident
letting my bro open the door
when my boss announced someone in the team was pregnant and I thought it was me
going into the other room to fart
having a chafed taint and getting high (slightly NSFW)
because I got drunk
doing my laundry at the worst possible time
using Olive Oil to season my grill
and I realised that I was on the bright side of reddit
trying to teach my fiance how to do a shot.
offering a cop candy
accidentally pepper spraying myself in the butthole while at work
almost setting my house on fire
getting a Prince Albert piercing stuck in my vagina
Don't be stupid
dropping my diva cup in the toilet
putting GoldBond on my balls
forgetting to bring my water bottle to cross country practice!
Having Sex in Front of My Dog
blaming it on the nuts
telling a nice cashiers boss and crew she premeditated quitting.
playing a prank on my friend getting oral in the back of my truck
drinking Cola light
eating mozzarella wrong my whole life
mistaking my boyfriends internal hemorrhoids for his prostate
reading my little brother’s journal...
trying to achieve multiple orgasms
Called my match fat as a April fools joke...got roasted and unmatched with....
fapping in front of my grandma
failing my license test over one cRiTiCaL dRiViNg eRrOr
getting caught banging my mom’s son and not getting cake.
shitting myself on numerous occasions in front of witnesses...
never telling my boyfriend my actual egg preferences, ultimately causing a burn on my nipple
almost wearing slippers to school
turning on my blue light filter.
thinking an elderly deaf woman was actually having a medical emergency.
Asking a Classmate Who Her Dad Was
kissing a girl while drunk, even though I was in a relationship
making an omelette in a bag of chips
getting into the wrong car.
calling my college class 'mongrels'
not wearing my glasses while getting ready for a hott night with my bf
eating bat soup in Wuhan, China
thinking I had cancer
jerking off with glitter pens
not asking my date who he’s voting for
swallowing a pill while partially lying down
paddling the pink canoe.
not paying attention to the moral of a different and ruining a great breakfast with a trip to the hospital
lying to my mom and possible getting someone arrested.
exploiting a website's security for fun.
washing my car with kitchen sponge.
almost burning my house down
Finishing off inside a hookup
asking my friend how his dead dog was doing.
By getting a Tinder match
hearing voices that (almost) wasn’t there
masturbating on my Twitch stream and getting banned
and I must tell you how
cheating in an online exam and leaving my friend’s name in the exam sheet
costing two coworkers $450 each in overtime wages.
making an inappropriate joke and made myself seem like an insensitive asshole
flying out to meet someone that wasnt quite ready to start a relationship
using a nicotine patch even though I’m not a smoker
calling a number in another country
I accidentally made out with my stepcousin
recycling.
helping my son name our squad
going to far out on the trail.
firing it from the friendly zone
taking a job and then quitting to take another job.
trying to report a crime?
going to Tijuana
showing my dad porn
calling out a creepy looking old dude at a college bar
having a meltdown at the dinner table over something really inconsequential.
accidentally sending my boss a horrible text message about herself that was supposed to go to someone else
sending my grandma mostly naked pictures of myself
My Life is a big Depression and I'm trying to over come it I hope there is hope
watching Evil on Netflix and triggering my PTSD
getting breathed on moistly by a stranger at 2 am.
creating more work for myself by accidently doing more work
putting the old batteries in the microphones used for performances and rehearsals.
Mindfulness - A Beginner's Guide To Mindfulness To Improve Your Body, Mind, and Spirit
having severe arachnophobia.
offering a co-workers services as a hit man
NSFW when I accidentally let the lady at the tax office see the porn on my phone
suction-cupping my dildo to my forehead for laughs
purposefully selling a fake Supreme hoodie to a frat boy
failing to have a remote backup of an almost finished novel.
dropping my pants in the woods
telling two tweens I don’t know that we should get home.
TDIF: by leaving a very weird sex toy underneath my bed and my bedroom door unlocked in my packed family house. Yup, the dog got it.
visiting the wrong subreddit.
accidentally hurting my girlfriend twice in 24 hours
Going to Work on Magic Mushrooms
asking my coworker when her due date was
By accidentally hitting my girlfriend in the mouth with a load.
hbvc
coming out during an agrument
giving plasma and getting into a car.
buying a Flare Gun as a Christmas gift for my father.
calling my teacher a boomer TL;DR
letting my wife give me a BJ
playing a game and calling my cousin "Noob".
having the cops pull up on me while I was trying to order a taco because I accidentally wrote a suicide note
cause my gf caught me having sex with a stuffed animal
taking food from a stranger during a pandemic.
BREAKING MY 2DS
gave a girl who’s tryna attempt ways too alivent
saying the wrong thing
spitting in my trash while my camera was on in class (several times)
calling someone a humidifier.
cumming on my mom's underwear.
asking an Australian why they always say 'cheese'
jumping from the first floor to ditch school
Sexting with my classmate
Sent porn to my religious cousin i don't even talk to
basically teaching my kid swear words, not on purpose but you know they are sponges.
trusting a fart in the shower
inputting my real age into twitter.
being too impatient (still shaken) (F16)
playing penis music
not kissing the girl I like
letting my students use their phones in class and getting caught for it.
....I accidentally liked my friends baby mama on tinder, but only to ask what’s going on/if I can help. Not interested for real tho. (Not his first baby mama I’ve had to be chill w after they broke up. Never hooked up w any)
Cutting My 8 Inch Long Hair to 2 Inches
not believing my dog and ruined Christmas
trying to open the door for my gf
assuming my travelers’ diarrhea had subsided and let one rip in the windy hilltop
binge-eating on the job
making a joke about a taboo while playing Taboo
oopsy doopsy poopsy
I WAS SCAMMED BY SOMEONE I MET ON TINDER
carrying mace on my keychain
completely shattering the freaking glass rotisserie oven window in the deli at BJ's Wholesale
showing a female class mate a picture of a d*ck in a pamphlet
not being able to post on certain subs if your post doesn’t meet a certain requirement.
trying to prevent my friend from cheating on his GF.
smoking weed at the end at the end of dark alley.
I Are my own cum
smashing a bus's window with my bare hand.
Oil spill in the pond
waking up middle night and listen to my gf masturbate
breaking glass all over my cake
eating Oreos
thinking this sub has good moderators
Hi im a dumbass and here’s my story
getting aroused at the Arboretum
So  getting baby shit all over my cream carpet, shoe cabinet and walls
not knowing my teens can hear me doing the deed...
letting my baby sister eat Dalgona Coffee
laughing during a sad scene in front of an audience
cussing in front of my religious dad,uncle and cousins
saying All Lives Matter when I would see people post.I honestly didn’t think that was offensive until it was explained to me today . I learned the protest is not about saying everyone matters . It’s about the pain and suffering that African-American people have been feeling all these years.
telling someone to not ask about my deformity.
ignoring a broken knee
eating a chocolate eclair after clearing up dog poo without washing my hands.
smearing shit on my face and having to go to the hospital
walking into a plane with a phone.
Idiocy catches up
losing new SIM card.
eating nothing but a large bag of Takis
taking too much Benedryl
The needle is gone!
Dating a guy with an explosive temper
opening up a Snapchat on my girlfriend's phone
playing the song YMCA
miscommunicating with my therapist accidentally leading them to believe that I grow marijuana.
leaving shackles attached to the coffee table (NSFW)
Losing a bong at my parents house
posting a story about me and my peepee
trying to meet someone I only knew online
dropping my phone and successfully catching it.
It was a while ago but I think abt how embarrassed I was.
getting a handjob
blacking out i
accidently friend requesting my brother's newish girlfriend on Facebook
turning on the wrong burner and cooking my cell phone instead
Apple Cider explosion
here is the link ok guys sorry
not listening to the main rule of Q-tips.
not recognizing Reddit co-founder and having him take a picture of me and Serena Williams
walking around a gorgeous nature preserve
eating my own cum and giving myself and angry dragon
used my real name for a reddit account a few years ago, only to realize now that you cant change it.
no no you don't understand.... They are nice SwastikasThe Best Music From Indonesian
introducing my friends to the concept of "negging"
showing a picture of my penis to my professor drinking too much and making my gf think I don’t love her
being a sarcastic New Englander and offending some Hawaiians.
accidentally raping a male dog...
sending my girlfriend's nudes to my college professor
not disclaiming that Patrick is a pony not an abusive boyfriend and Black Pearl is my horse not my vibrator
I didn’t get the chicken out of the freezer when my mom told me to
missing out on a kiss.
knee boarding
Confusing Orgasm With Organism
being naked in my room - update
leaving not flushing the toilet after masturbating.
sending Rudy Giuliani’s dripping hair Dyed Face to my Wife’s Family Group Chat
forgetting it is 2020
Today I F**ked Up... Making Cookies.
sending in hetnai instead of my assignment
accidentally terrifying a stranger at an intersection
fighting back
texting my friends a p**sy pic
almost killing my laptop with milk
telling a girl that talking to her was a waste of time
saying "Look at that ASS" in front of my crush
cussing my friend loudly in front of my dad
waiting too long to open a "sealed" LEGO set
opening my dads phone in front of him.
misinterpreting the CEO's arm gesture in a job interview, and then locking arms with him as if we were Best Friends 4Ever. misjudging the CEO's arm gesture in a job interview, and then locking arms with him as if we were Best Friends 4Ever.
pushing away the girl of my dreams
because my grades are lower than ever
making a 'that what she said joke' in front of the teacher.
I came in my boyfriends shower
I could've gotten paid to stay home.
when I accidentally shit the bed during sex
writing what I meant as a pregnancy reveal letter to my husband and he assumed I had a miscarriage.
telling my grandmother I stole a bottle of wine
sending our friends dog in for emergency surgery.
doing a disgusting act at a bar
trying too hard for an Instagram worthy food pic.
taking a new dose of ADHD medication and trying to entertain my family
when I went on a date with this guy’s immediate family
Sorry Omegle Waifu, RIP
walking in on my dad naked
yelling at my boyfriend when I was sleep walking.
telling 3 of my managers I have a cock stud.
being Power Ranger
acting like my 1-yr-old who puts everything in his mouth and nearly poisoned myself with a plant...
asking a cute coworker if she could work for me
Fans hurt
not staying home and watching Dumbo- ended up crashing my car through the barrier of a parking garage.
Clogged The Toilet
leaving some old-school porn on a work computer.
suggesting my class was fingered by our teacher
If you say "That  isn't suspicious at all" you instantly create suspicion.
singing All Star with a bunch of friends in a google class meet
Nicky Nicky Nine Door incident
looking at my little brother's Reddit profile and seeing his dick
not properly washing my hands
Girlfriend is going sick
letting a non-Asian friend probe me with a pair of chopsticks
assuming I'd be going via the most direct route to my required destination.
nearly killing myself
using the nuclear option in a game of Monopoly
commenting on a post at r/unpopularopinions
sending my friend a photo of his gift
jizzing in the sink and forgetting to wash it down
hooking up with a girl while my friend was in the house.
Ate Carolina Reaper, Didn’t wash hands, Touched penis with said spicy hands, penis on fire
unknowingly showing a stranger(girl) a piece of porn in my phone
posting for the first time
because all of the sex
drinking black tea and loosing control over my bladder
giving myself an accidental enema
and have a massive cut on my foot.
A warm fuck up!
eating a cookie from a VERY sick, contagious friend
Today i f*cked up
saying "what's the good news then?"
slinging dog poop onto my house
cumming on the back of an iPad
listening to my friends and not buying the right shoe size.
Got a job in a car stereo install bay with no experience. It...didn't end well.
assuming it was about me
talking about my colleagues nut juice
shitting on my feet and almost losing them to a bacteria infection
when I unintentionally made a sex joke at work
telling my co-workers that I stand up to wipe
forgetting to eat for days, collapsing at the dorm and missed uni for a full week.
when I recycled some of my most costly possessions
Trying to make a move on my best Friend even when i knew she had a bf
My children saw our nude pics on my Alexia including others.
sending my FOB brother-in-law to the hardware store to buy some “elbow grease”.
accidentally sending a political photo too a gc, almost started a politics war
This sub 75% people saying “ having sex! Haha”... congrats you’re not a virgin!
eating a beef pot pie for lunch
following a girl i liked
not paying attention when i pee
accidentally revealing to everyone (including myself) that I have a tiny willy (NSFW)
not thanking my uncle for helping me build my pc.
"cuddling" with my teacher's daughter
shitting in the bed
getting a bunch of people think I was sexually assaulted NSFW
I fucked up today by fumbling the dates...
sending my professor a Panty drop GIF
making my best friend think I was fetishizing them.
moving 780 miles to be with a married woman
forgetting to save a post and losing it.
experimenting with my ass.
being 5km or so away from the HUGE atomic like explosion that happened in Beirut
trying to be extra quiet, late at night in my neighborhood
messaging a one night stand
waking up early and going out of my way
thinking today would be a good day
reading this heartbreaking post
wearing slippers while mopping the floor.
peeing on my car seat.
I took 50mg of claratin (im 15) and i made myself throw up but i have no idea if i got them am i going to be ok
picking my girlfriend up off of the floor
racing some teenagers into McDonald's
calling a customer on a delivery
Douching Before Anal Sex
making a whatsapp spam messaging automation
asking for a punani instead of a panini
getting myself uninvited to my own birthday party.
not making pizzas the same way my manager dose.
dry humping our comforter to the point my dick was bleeding
The tale of the dildo and the washing machine
figuring oit why a landfill is called a landfill.
misinterpreting my blind French teacher.
By trying to get a gorgeous females phone number as if I ever had a chance
(almost) doing the thing where you make mustard gas with your dick
almost letting my disgusting grandmother ruin my relationship
drinking a shot double espresso one hour before my first ever 10k race
having sex with my wife while I had Discord unmuted
not emptying my food bin for 6 months
telling the Physio receptionist that I like to attach electrodes on my "funky places".
putting a 60lb dog on a partially metal leash
melting my wifi router
(accidentally) commanding my friend to tell his autistic sister to stop being lazy and get a job
e agreeing with a homophobe-
Doing Shrooms with Ex-Lover at Zion National Park
having delicious char siu
drinking pork juice
being late to work and getting robbed.
not closing the blinds
giving a note to my friend with my crush’s name on it (this story has homosexuality in it so if you don’t like that then please scroll past I don’t want to deal with hate)
telling my mother who was single most of my life that I’d rebel against the matriarchy.
teaching young migrant children the alphabet in reverse
trying to speak Cantonese
answering a call about a job while using Reddit
I accidently told my teacher she's a piece of shit
having a Haagen Dazs ice cream bar behind my husband’s back.
calling the cops over dog bones
letting my mom borrow my phone without checking my browser first
smelling my son’s fingers.
running from the cops while butt ass naked with my also naked girlfriend
getting a covid test
ordering McDonalds
putting a meme in my instructional content
drinking coolant for my car
SADA
having a little white goat pull a David fucking Blaine on me. I also need a new dog collar and tags.
accidentally up-skirting my colleague
getting drunk, getting into a political argument and storming out.
holding up the bathroom line at the mall...
making a joke about my teacher’s wife
downloading a shady file, and getting a virus on my PC.
sneaking into my dad’s room and finding some weird shit in his closet
getting a hold of my nanas computer duster and inhaling it to get high.
Punching a woman in the face
showing my crush/best friend my search history
hoping for better jury duty cases
spraying my bathroom with excrement.
drinking too much coffee at a job orientation
getting drunk this Thanksgiving
thinking my baby had an allergic reaction to shellfish.
not turning on the light before brushing my teeth
shaving my pubes
having sex with every single member of my family.
breaking my new roommate’s Ninja blender
For Letting My Mom Get Ahold Of My Succing Pics 🍆
trying to hover over the toilet to poop in the middle of a shower. Weird twist at the end of the story.
driving with my high beams on
eating an entire pack of Oreos in one sitting.
not realizing anyone was home (nsfw)
accidentally drugging my husband
doing shrooms with a gay furry
embarrassing myself in front of a lot of people I don’t know in my School
inhaling death juice and nearly dying
pulling the wrong cord
showing a psychologist hentai over video-call
trying to make popcorn while talking on Discord
trying to be a good neighbor. Now my neighbors hate me.
forgetting to take hayfever medication and almost being arrested
sending a nude to my dad
letting my boyfriend put a new tempered-glass screen protector on my phone.
possibly messing up my future
checking the terms and coditions
accidentally sending an entire Church a picture of me holding a dandelion covered in my own semen.
My Boyfriend Fucked Up
2 years ago I said Thank You (sarcastically)
shutting down a kids hopes and dreams.
assuming two men were married.
pulling hair off my asscrack with duct tape.
having Pornhub open in safari
accidentally going to an Asian massage parlor
cutting my hand so bad I needed stitches over a game
FINALLY realizing I need XL condoms
helping my mom look for her lost debit card
letting laundry make me its bitch letting laziness win...big
moving a table way too heavy for myself
peeing during an interview
falling through a makeshift toilet paper roof
giving a clever insult
riding my bike too slow and getting stabbed (warning, graphic)
Trying to Set My Apartment on Fire
eating Daim chocolate
accidentally getting my dad arrested with paedophilia
giving a 12 year old boy a songbook
trying to get easy money through a sugar daddy (being a desperate idiot)
accidentally suiciding my dick (NSFW)
telling the wrong person “Sorry for your loss”
farting in my wife’s face when she gave me head
showing a friend my Reddit account.
Digging up my dead hamsters grave.
saying my best friend hair sucks
not even knowing the capital city of my own country!?
trying to end it all
got stressed, punched a wall , felt relieved, hand hurts and I can’t do my work now.
getting conned by an escort and her boyfriend
procrastinating and it cost me $400
complaining about my wife's family during a mini-crisis.
Calling Out My Dads Cheating Without Realizing By Quoting TLC
trying to spice up my sex life
recalling my memory
puking on my boss
Selling Yeyo
reading spoilers on how my favorite manga series ends
peeing on the shoes of another man.
moving out of state too fast
not asking questions about math class.
signing a lease worth over half my monthly pay
shitting on my passport in Burma
shitting the bed.
Making guacamole and then "adjusting" my man parts.
almost asking if a pregnant coworker knew who the father was
showing my main Reddit to my coworker... but not as much as he FU'd showing me his.
pouring tea and giving myself 1st degree burns
using the wrong toothbrush.
Accidentally Talking About My Roommate Right After We Made Up
unintentionally calling my "plus-sized" best friend unattractive
I think idk) by causing the power to go out
getting super turned on by my sister-in-law, right in front of my wife.
wearing latex
I wasn’t asleep, I turned off the TV because I panicked.”
I nutted on No Nut November
showing my classmates my girlfriends naked body
assaulting and “shooting” my friend.
buying bananas
Googling "jizz face" with my safe search turned off
showing my dad and brother porn
Question
accidentally showing my gfs and old Amazon order of sex toys I used with me ex
killing a spider on accident
for eating dinner late
saying congratulations for her new baby
Drove through my gate and got a dog killed
didn’t use my hotel safe and had my passport stolen 1 week before I fly out stateside for work..
using many rolls of toilet paper because I was jacking off extremly
Not Saying I Love You Back Not Saying I Love You Back
My new found friend unfriended me ;-;
nearly losing large chunks of glass in everyone’s drinks
ejaculating in the toilet the moment my mother and my sister opened the bathroom door
making the most delicious milkshake ever for my girlfriend.
trying to make Instant Ramen while drunk
Lighting a Dried Chili Pepper on Fire
giving a blowjob and dislocating my jaw (NSFW)
telling a job interviewer that they "just missed me"
choking on my own saliva while walking into the pharmacy.
unwittingly joking about my crush's late wife
getting someone a gig only for him to ghost on the employer
playing beer pong...
having a flimsy rucksack and ruining my chill time
being a naive teen wanting some money
thinking my fatass could ride a waterslide and come out unscathed
I stared at my friends sisters ass
hooking up W/ my cousin
sending a picture of naked gnomes to a group chat out of 1AM hyper panic ness
accidently dropping my weed pen which rolled out the door and was picked up by my super-religous mom
taking a shit at my friend's house.
Hey Reddit,  almost not saving my friends life
peeing in my friend's cat's litter box.
forgetting 3 birthdays.
Breaking up my sister in law and her boyfriend on the day of her aunt's funeral
Today I fucked up by ripping apart my headphones
sinking my car
for losing my virginity and getting caught
having sex!
Almost Getting Sold as a Sex Slave on Grindr
not telling my family not to travel.
lowkey ruining my friends chance to date his crush
running down a hall without shoes
forgetting to remove a stupid sticker in my $1700 pc build
Found this $ honey hole, share link and make $10 over and over!
I’m no angel
letting my dog drink salt water and ending up with poop in my mouth
playing cod with some friends
telling my gf I use a prostate massager but she doesn't seem to know what it is
TIFUpdate - My Anime Addicted Sister
GETTING INVOLVED WITH WORK DRAMA
paying a 3 day pass ticket price for just 1 night of a music festival
not pushing to get help sooner
for daring my crush to give me a blowjob
preparing the house for showings. NSFW
Did taking any of these fuck up your sex drive/function?
going on a nice walk
My friend thinks I have covid and I played along with it and I'm moving in with him soon. My parents will be there and they know I don't have covid.
eating Yogurt
making enemies with a locksmith
getting into a routine.
being called an exes name while being proposed to
trying to raise money to help fight kids with cancer
forgetting to eat and then having sex buying a my friend a ps5 controller for his bday
buying extra spicy Tabasco
telling someone off for something I completely misheard
while giving a presentation at work
putting 2 drops of 36mg/ml nicotine vape juice in my eye
I nearly nominated myself for a Darwin Award
Nearly Poisoning my Family With Cheesecake
asking about a company’s drug-testing policies for hiring
getting addicted to my own dreams.
intoxicating and kinda murdering my girlfriend
I watched The Fifth Element and SO wanted sexy time.
todayIfuckedup when I realized the truth won't get to others no matter what
failing to ask for my job reference in time
not having my wife create a post about my twitch streams
when my brother walked in on me masturbating
lashing out at my coworker
leaving my guitar amp on overnight and channeling spirits.
trying to surprise my dad after quarantine losing my closest friend.
taking a few edibles and locking myself out of an empty house practically naked, during freezing temps, no shoes and my hair was soaking wet
I told my boss that I hope her husband
Fixing a AC unit
finding out I don’t actually have Tinnitus
buying a fake inspection sticker.
getting caught masturbating by my dad.
I asked to be tucked in
posting a question to askwomen from the wrong account. (Mildly nsfw)
telling my ex she stank the first time we went down.
insulting my mother in-law in front of my father in-law when my husband accidentally and unknowingly called them on speaker phone
bragging to my class
shouting at a mum and her daughter.
eating my first brownie and getting paranoid
accidentally revealing to my college class that im a refugee
Misread situation w gf and now she can hardly talk to me
breaking into my apartment building through a hole in the ceiling.
help please?
my scrotum by bathing without my trusty meat thermometer
creating a Reddit bot that probably conspired to take over the world
inviting my friend to my beach house
the air conditioning when I was trying to fix it.
confusing the name of my hand sanitizer.
taking my vibrator to a laundry mat
posting on reddit that foreigners must speak english in America
Activating a new credit card
trying to have a sneezing contest with a coworker.
not recognizing I was with my anxiety on full power and other stories
telling my cousin to “finger me” not realizing the implication.
getting addicted to huffing my own farts in high school
contracting covid-19
asking help from a drunk friend
for promising to buy my friends food
laughing in my manager's face when she told me her aunt died.
After leaving the dentist’s...
letting my son think I have COVID
ordering my mother sushi for the first time without instructions.
accepting a distant family members Facebook Friend Request. As I was scrolling down her page a large caption read “ if you had to marry your SO where you met them at, where would you marry them at?”And she posted the following text: I am speechless. The lesson I learned: My life is good LOL
calling a doctor “doctor locum”
accidentally being the little spoon with my boss
not properly reading my biopsy aftercare instructions
posting on Reddit and getting ripped a new one
assuming the last 15 minutes of soothing rain was coming from my ambient sound playlist
spraying my wife's vagina with Lysol
putting the wrong name on dozens of applications
going to get my nails done
blatantly insulting one of my crush’s friends in class
flashing my elderly neighbors and appearing like I participate in beastiality
putting a dildo up my ass
striking a deal with a "friend"
To The Man I Love The Most
making a joke..
So my wife and I are wondering
Basically getting myself (21m) kicked out of uni and home in one go. When I didn’t do anything..
fapping while cleaning the bedroom
drinking red wine on a Tinder date
flashing my class over zoom
pranking my roommate
letting my dog off the leash too early and she hit a car
Accidentally telling my Uncle to watch me masturbate in the pool
when my 4 year old told the postal worker about his mother's "blood cauldron".
making all the wrong decisions. getting scammed with cryptocurrency by a Tinder match
trying to find a funny video infront of my parents
attending an unusual party with a lady I barely know.
standing on my table to check my smoke alarms
trying to move my soon to vomit cat to a hard floor and ended up with cat vomit all over the carpet
sharing my real political views with my wife.
sneezing while driving after trying anal
making a nurse think my husband was beating me
Sexting
joining this fucking subreddit
starting laundry and then leaving the house
getting in the wrong car
spray painting
overdosing weed and almost dying.
making chloroform without a plan
thinking I had a moment to jerk off
not helping a blind person
I am officially the biggest pervert and I 99.9% deserve it.
By texting the WRONG person
blindly digging through a box
Being Forced To Partake In Bestíality
looking at my poop too closely
ending a relationship of 10 years for selfish reasons
spilling a large soda on the order machine at work.
FTFY doesn’t mean F*uck that, f*uck you
Okay, I didn't fuck up, as much as my friend. He choked to death while trying to stab his throat to relieve his breathing passage with an open pen container. I was on facetime with him instructing him to open his airway. No I won't release the video, and I was 10 miles away. I need closure.
not being aware of my surroundings
agreeing with a complete stranger he could help me with my All-State band music
jerking off in front of my Precalculus class
How long until we see a post of someone injecting disinfectant into themselves?
indirectly trashing my friend’s birthday gift for me
believing that Arsenal could beat ManCity today. I was sorely embarrassed
being arrested for using a fake ID to drink underage
making my neighbours think I’m a racist
going on a cooking bender
not saying “when” while getting parmasan
belching in my date's face. Twice.
inhaling bromothymol blue
doing yard work.
making fun of a gun owner
infesting my whole apartment building with maggots!
Lighting Popcorn On Fire
I did my job
talking about Penis Plushies in an interview
and I'm really hoping I don't get fired
not knowing the definition of bereavement
smoking weed as a 16 year old and almost dying.
using Ben Wa balls that weren’t connected and had to birth them out myself
lol mods gl defending urself
racing a slow car
Wholesome  playing minecraft
ripping a fucking hole in my favourite fluffy ass hoodie.
made an offensive/ignorant joke
locking myself up at a distribution center's parking garage
forgetting I was standing on a table
asking about a controversial topic
posting my vagina on facebook
saying a shitty covid joke in the ER where i work
making a joke about flat earthers
A guy messaged me for explicit pictures and I (17) basically gave him what he wanted
entring a 16+ cs go clan
nearly getting hit by a car for being stupid
playing with a trumpet during quarantine
and got one more thing than I bargained for.
not deleting truly disturbing photos in my phone for my 5 year old to find.
testing my constitution in times of crisis
finding a condom, having M&amp;Ms out of it, then thinking I was going to get cancer.
insulting a former member of my favorite band
accidentally turning my camera on
trying to taste soy sauce with my testicles.
I weighed myself and weighed like five kg more than I did last time I checked. Only realising my mistake the next day.
Can you ask a woman if she is feeling sick?
accidently bought 999 Chromecasts
embarrassing myself at a Burger King.
elevating a nerf gun fight into a fist fight
slapping my wife in the face with my dong
not checking a house before showing it to prospective buyers.
nearly getting an employee fired at my local comic shop.
buying a nightclub for my kids....
Fire TV exposes me
getting scammed in csgo
blasting gay porn to my new neighbors
scratching car in a very stupid way
accidentally wearing boob armor into work
accidently formatting my harddisk and deleting phone back up too.
pranking my girfriend with a fake illness when she was diagnosed with one
getting a UTI again
Accidentally Soaking Pee Water in My Carpet
making my gf think I am going to commit suicide
Was on a meeting with clients casually browsing other jobs... forgot my screen was still sharing and no one mentioned a thing. Kill me now.
bringing my pregnant girlfriend out to dinner with my parents
making my best friend realize she was dating her dad
deciding that spicy ramen was an appropriate pre-workout meal before a 14km company charity run.
sharpening a pencil
almost drowning in my pool
so I'm fairly certain I just accidentally tramatized my toddler
attempting suicide
accidentally sending my gf my Tinder verification message
trusting someone...
not paying attention to which language I was reading.
Experimenting With a Japanese Smart Toilet
not asking out my best friend/crush
accidentally telling a little girl that Santa wasn’t real.
trying to purchase a dildo with a politician's credit card
at work by going into a home and getting mildly assaulted by a junkie
False Poop Plumber Alert
I accidentally fingered My Mom
throwing out my back while having sex on my period (NSFW)
saying thanks to my teacher
unpacking and wrapping my wife's gifts before bed.
encouraging my daughter to remember her cat
trying to help a friend
cracking a dark joke on the phone
getting blackout drunk, biting someone and sleeping on a random mattress.
not turning off my Bluetooth
Today I Fucked up by walking up to a screen door to ring the doorbell while a large dog barked his ass off at me.
pavloving myself over my roommate's poop fragrance.
playing porn in Modern Warfare game chat
accidentally wiping my ass with the shower curtain
getting cut sharing a pic by it's subject
babbling in front of the cute cashier
insulting the interviewer at a job interview.
parading around my workplace all day in jizz covered clothing.
being shit at dealing with my own emotions
getting caught during sexy times
Saying NO to My Boss
sharing Scotch Whisky with friends.
ghosting a girl from Tinder and not listening to reddit
calling a special needs girl by her illness
playing porn at full volume in front of my boyfriend
pinple popping by my mum
Broke a wine glass and cut myself.
thinking that any of the stories on this subreddit where true
accidentally implying to my tutor kid's mom that I may sleep with her husband
Went too wild in bed
Replacing my Headlight Bulb
going to get a haircut this morning and having my cut delayed by a crazed coworker with a baseball bat.
underestimating Mexican Rum
telling my teacher that my dad was a poacher
saying I was apart of the British Monarchy (going to a mental hospital)
asking a truly stupid question
having nearly blind eyes
unintentionally swearing in PE class over zoom.
making my teacher think im into overwatch pregnant porn
leaving porn open on my phone.
having sex in my van, shitpost, NSFW
swiping right on my cousins tinder
getting high and going swimming
binge watching The Raid movies
getting Biofreeze in my vagina.
flirting with an off duty cop
telling my ex the truth
Today, I fucked up by breaking my computer
and learned I have a weird allergy
boyfriend mistaking sanitizer for lube and burning my kittycat
chowing down 2 plates of chicken stir fried chowmein right before soccer practice
shitting in the bed and letting my husband roll around in it.
forgetting my bus pass in my jeans and accidently washing them.
tanking my dream job interview
remotely factory resetting a user device
smoking weed and projectile vomiting in a girls car.
The impact cannot be overstated – now children can learn to read, making them far more likely to complete school
accidentally mailing my prof my brother's n*des.
calling my client a politically incorrect term
throwing an orange in class.
watching $800 worth of porn
scalding my colon (nsfw)
finding love early ?
taking my moms money.
trying to make a sweet thing... while being lazy
trying to impress a girl but instead getting the car hopelessly stuck in a snow bank.
destroying a tv because of WWE 2019
I left her hanging, and I'm not sure how to fix my fuck-up
flaming the shit outta my friend
thinking
eating alcohol moose.
I didn't get the joke
making my kid think I abandoned him at a park
Sank my neighbours boat
Dismissing bright red blood in my poop for years thinking it was hemorrhoids. (Please read if you are currently experiencing this issue)
making a poor choice of colour for my underwear
not spellchecking and assuming iPhone would and caused a huge rift among my friends who now all think I’m a racist asshole.
asking my dad if i can search something on my dads phone
getting in touch with my parents
killing my laptop with a not so brilliant attempt to safe it
not cleaning up a stranger's pee.
sending an email which was only meant for my boss to our costumers too
texting a bisexual threeway porn video to my 80 yr old mom. participating in No Nut November
Today I fucked up...by talking about the Astros sign stealing
summoning a demon
asking grandma what happens after death
shitting in the shower
getting my Facebook privileges reduced by posting a controversial picture of myself
asking my sister to spend the night with me after she offered me kissing lessons.
Scraping Ice Off My Car Windows
I accidentally saw my sister topless while walking across her room
trying to make cookies from memory
telling my 5 yo brother that prune juice was Dr pepper.
breaking my hand
having an internet crush who moved to another country
listening to erotic audio.
showing my friend gay porn
inviting my sister’s family into the back den.
making my calculus professor think i'm a genius.
attempting to clean my ear with a pencil eraser
probably ruining my music career/future
my handling my mmj card to my new boss at orientation
I got perma banned from r/pcmasterrace
going for a run at 2 am in the rain and forgetting my key.
allowing my nephew to ride on the back of a bike with his brother
trying to match on OLD with my hot doctor
interfering with nature's natural course.
not pooping
being too confident in my driving abilities.
letting a girl use my phone
sex lol
fingering my GF. Maybe NSFW
telling my teacher I was bored in class
Never use toothpaste for acne..
improperly managing the stove top.
using a gaming PC without removing the internal packaging
caffeine overdose
Flooded a bathroom a day before my grandmas cousin was coming over
trying to walk a grill home
leaving my ring on
making salsa nsfw
not looking in a box before throwing on the fire, moments later molten expanding foam is exploding, covering everything in its path, including my hands, face, and hair
destroying my sleep schedule for a contest
Today I fucked up by drinking my own puke..
fingering myself into celibacy
falling asleep in zoom class
hearing my friend talking to a 14y/o girl
getting my earring caught
stopping a kid from getting run over.
ruining a sexy surprise as my kinky handcuffs were confiscated by the Airport securities
falling down concrete steps with my mom's gift
helped neighbor cheat
seeing myself on camera
making my parents believe I had hurt myself/commited suicide
accidentally posting a vid of me fingering myself as my Snapchat story
wearing a sleeveless dress
claiming a song from my dream exists
while working with a patient with a double amputee
sending a message to the wrong person (The guy I like) after I told them I was going to sleep
losing my ID at the airport
making what I thought was guitar strumming gestures to a woman.
saying STFU to my teacher
getting a free vr headset and $100
sending my brother our best friends suicide note that I thought was a fanfic.
getting high at work NSFW
TIL by lying to my students
announcing that four times is a lot of times to be married
TR:DR TR:  accepting a distant family members Facebook Friend Request. As I was scrolling down her page a large caption read “ if you had to marry your SO where you met them at, where would you marry them at?”And she posted the following text: I am speechless. DR: My life is good LOL
Today I Fucked Up and got high
exposing my bosses cheating
wanting to surprise my boyfriend with cooking in foreign Country when ‘Greetings from ass’ is the only thing I know how to say
referring to my little sister and her friends (11-13yo) as my harem
My accidentally having my son look up porn
I just texted my girlfriend the n word
wiping my ass in the woods.
dying my hair while drinking
trusting my 1993 Toyota Camry and not checking oil
messing up an email. twice.
taking edibles at a young age
I accidentally tore off my mom's door handle
Failed exam twice in Hong Kong Secondary Examination
mooning my entire extended family
reflexively dunking on a guy I wanted to date
renouncing to my home and family to go to University City in times of Covid
trying to spoof my friend
and got myself diagnosed as an alcoholic
taking my medication
being stuck in quarantine alone and horny
forgetting it's the 15th and not 16th
trying to scrap a broken vibrator for parts
driving home from work and getting the cops called on me
allowing my BF to be publically humiliated on Twitter
asking a disabled person if he needs a hand
having sex with my coworker
Clam chowder day
I'm stoned as a fairy right now, AMA
wanting sexy time after lunch
ruining an assignment worth 25% of the courses grade for a class I don't even have, and making everyone hate me
using charcoal toothpaste
Black eyeshadow massacre
thinking this sub has good mods
SECKSCHUAL thing gone wrong.
175mg edible
asking my dad for a receipt
that stands for Today I Fucked Up and not Today I Found Out
shouldn't have asked
letting my cousins bird out of its cage
driving over two hours one way and taking a half day off of work for a job interview scheduled for tomorrow
sending bandmates a video of me moving one eye independently and now my eye feels messed up
buying a $7 scrambled egg
panicking in an Emergency Room
showing my 12 year old nephew the wonderful site that is Reddit
being the goalie in a game of handball
catfishing someone
Messed up my macaroni
swearing on a online class
killing a fish
revealing a personal details of my dad's life to my colleagues.
making my ex think I was stalking her.
relieving myself with a Q-tip
eating to many Smints
Sending embarrassing photos to a stranger
not pluging in my monitor correctly
accidentally doing anal.
going on a keto without realizing my body can’t handle it
running out of my Uber
having my medication pretty much be a placebo for the last 10 years.
angering the upstairs neighbor for raging in games
"Quiet" bathroom choice becomes an unwanted solicitation
using a cotton pad to remove superglue.
“helping someone move”
destroying one of my uncles car.
to my omegle waifu
I had... An 'affair'?
letting my neighbors daughters dog and ended up flash her at the same time
not going to the doctor before all this happened, now my dick head’s turning white.
hit on by a woman
laughing at a mauling turtle story
sex in grocery store
sealing my hand shut
eating to many shrooms
Silly mistake.
When saying the wrong word goes horribly wrong
pee pee in vagina (gone sexual)
not realizing my husband is the major cause of my illness
getting a blowjob from a male friend
crashing a truck into a cooler at work...twice.
forgetting I wasn’t on the Internet.
nearly shitting myself in an outpatient mental health therapy group
accidentally opening up the e-exam paper before my deferred exam and NEED ADVICE
trying to text my mom after getting my wisdom teeth out
CRYING IN FRONT OF THE SCHOOL BOARD COMMITTEE
almost losing hope in humanity on reddit
posting a fake ad on kijiji
nearly wrecking my sons truck in a parking lot
getting too excited during NNN
when I tried making fun of men on my girlfriend’s Instagram account.
ordering my official transcript before withdrawing
Letting My Kid Air Dry
trying to but my dog
cracking my phone
telling letting it get out that I know my brother in law is a cross-dressing furrie and now my sister wants a divorce
using a mask as a cum rag
scrubbing my butt crack with a soapy washcloth.
Fast Food Served Without Gloves... and I Ate it :(
I just got caught with fake pee while taking a drug test for an important job
having my AC on
telling my girlfriend when and where I was going to propose to her.
still being logged into my NSFW reddit account when I got to work
Best Relaxing 3 Minutes Of Your Life | Into The Wild | An Escape To The Nature From Our Busy Life
probably scaring some chick off Reddit..
thinking my girlfriends parents were asleep
making myself puke after blowing my nose
or should I say tonight I fucked up walking into my girlfriends parents room naked
scratching jalapeño pepper oil all over my naughty bits.
scrolling through r/AskReddit before scrolling through porn
making homemade salsa with habanero peppers and not properly washing before using the restroom
giving my girlfriend of 3 years diamond earrings...and she doesn’t have pierced ears
letting my guy friend leave hickeys
letting my husband shave off all my hair two days before a major job interview
leaving my collar out
slicing my foot because I broke a plate
breaking my leg....with thin air?!?!
black Friday edition
calling the cops on my wife...
making overly sexual noises when farting, leading my mom to believe I was masturbating
after years of pressuring to have kids I learned that my Son in law can’t have kids
not for the first time with xxxxing pubic hairs
thinking female fighting game characters moaning was funny
ogling a well-endowed woman who's husband is high in my chain of command
I overslept and missed my flight, and I'm now stranded at the airport for two days
asking the dentist if she would seduce me
trying to placate my cat with snacks.
My Mother is Getting on My Nerves. Please Help Me With My Anger Issue
By creating a pressure bomb and exploding it on my self
For Lack of a Shoe ...
nearly hitting someone with my bike thinking this was a sub where people share they mistakes, and not a literally fucking/porn sub.
not knowing that testicular torsion was not normal
Being Addicted To Pornography And Still Fucking Up | TL;DR Included
accidently flirting with a high school teacher
causing a couple to break up because I unknowingly snitched and now I feel bad.
My boyfriend getting high for the first time.
watching Gordon Ramsay during a work meeting
accidentally revealing that I’m gay.
being late to school with my girlfriend and making everyone think she was pregnant
eating few cheese balls just to prove a point, which later became a literal pain in my ass.
drinking for the first time, taking wife’s computer and deleting all photos of her ex
putting my house on fire
losing my Galaxy Buds eating a sushi that was probably going to celebrate it’s first birthday
losing my license (Ls)
and caused a neighbor incident by cleaning my car floor mats
dropping my little sister and breaking open her chin
convincing my brother to eat an entire scoop of butter.
booking flights for my honeymoon
buying a new hair straightener
accidentally made fun of a friends dead mum
Destiny Outreach Center’s Haiti Initiative end of the year video. FEED THE CHILDREN
not liking Rslash YouTube video
forgetting it was MLK day today
posting a photo of myself in r/pics stating how I was proud of the steps I’d taken in my eating disorder recovery
pretending to be Gollum in front of a video call in only my bra.
missing an internship offer from UPS
becoming friends with my disabled neighbors
drawing a smiley face on an online lesson and not admitting to it
learning how my workplace alarms work
drinking my own urine while thinking if my urine was a laminar or turbulent flow.
popping what I assumed to be a mint into my mouth
wearing tights.
taking my brand new podcasting kit to a video shoot
taking free condoms from my college
butt dialing my mom during a war movie
showing my dad my login for a dirty Website
taking my dog to the beach and essentially creating a dog-fighting ring for hundreds of innocent spectators
discovering that something being soaking wet makes it hard to set on fire - and developing a fear of mattress fires
giving my dog a brief handjob
accidentally caressing some random girls hair
going to Subway and asking for a specific type of cheese.
cumming on Joe mama?!?!(!? 😱😱😱😱
calling someone’s kid, their grandchild
reading the real story behind The Conjuring
eating snacks but no real food resulting in a pretty shitty situation
not using detergent in the wash and broke out in hives.
in Marching Band.
talking about a sensitive issue directly in front of the person involved.
using a coffee mug with the C word on it in a company Teams meeting
typo'ing on a TIL
blowing my nose
Not Taking Cyber Security Seriously!
Sending My Aunt a Picture of My Boob
sending a picture of my crush to my friend
Sending A Picture Of My Cats
trying to make my presentation interesting
calling my boss a retard
having ricardo on my phone
almost burning down the house
because I didnt lock my door.
joining discord and actually thinking people were trustworthy
eating chicken noodle soup.
making my car smell like a corpse
asking my dad to fix the wifi
having a synaesthesia attack
ejaculating in my grandmas mouth
rating an item as 1 Star and losing my best friend because of it
having sex while my roommates were watching sausage party
shooting an obese home invader who turned out to be a benevolent supernatural being beloved by children throughout Christendom
revealing my to my ex’s parents that he was not a 25y/o virgin by agreeing with a very awkward movie quote.
geeking out to my crush over an unintentional Sam Raimi's Spider-Man reference.
letting her smoke salvia NSFW
well that was awkward
for showing up to school when my only class was cancelled
popping a zit
asking a disabled friend (has one hand) if they need a hand
using the wrong Google account
not treating a UTI and ending up in the hospital.
watching a movie about a viral pandemic during a viral pandemic while on acid.
spraying dog vomit everywhere.
sending a scandalous picture of my Valentine’s Day lingerie to my fiancé’s dad instead of to him
Missed my deadline and scolded by my favorite lecturer
Searched for patients second shoe only to find out he’s an amputee.
trying to have period sex
not noticing my lights were on
wishing happy cake day
saying something terribly wrong that I shouldn't say in front of the whole class
TOFU by trying to swim with dolphins
answering a question online honestly then saying the word "yes" in a phone call
buying an item on Ebay
trash talking of a teacher without knowing she was listening
not buying tickets to a show when give an opportunity
trying to turn on a computer
getting really drunk and ranting online about how my friend wasn't attracted to me
sticking a paperclip into an outlet
trying to make a funny comment
missing out on meeting my favorite band
getting addicted to farting.
trying to fuck my best friend
thinking this sub would be filled with crazy insane screw ups rather then weird sex stories.
Balloon
Today I (realized) fucked up by turning off the light
Hitting My Friend In the Cheek After Opening a Car Door
trying to pay for a beer with my organ donor card.
Grandma ate my edibles
breaking our tv
trying to update Nvidia graphics and fix an issue where it didn’t pop when I opened GeForce experience. Had to reinstall Windows.
starting to make bread too late in the day.
at work.
not deleting browser's gay porn suggestions(while on closet) before Zoom session with my teacher
trying to chemically straighten my hair.
getting my hair cut
Letting my neighbor in my home
thinking masturbating with ice would be a good idea
drinking a bottle of water on the table...
going for a walk with my cousin
punching my fridge
I left out the orange juice
and am totally cliché.
making a dick joke next to my teacher on a school trip
going out with my friends.
introducing my sister to anime
because I forgot to do one simple thing
blowing my farther in law all over the livingroom.
trusting my phone to tell me a date and believing it
Just thought I’d let you know that I played two games of jumanji on New Year’s Day this year, the first of which I didn’t finish.
Sending My Aunt and Uncle A Nude Photo (Not Of Me)
adding cloves instead of chili powder
inhaling chlorine fumes
Misplaced an Entire Paycheck
I Said The F Word In An Assignment Presentation
taking 9 seasons of a show to realize an acronym (NSFW)
realizing I’ll be in danger if I get in a risky situation with my family
causing a motorcyclist to crash
not going to the bathroom before a drive.
failing the bar exam
Being punished because of kahoot
my 6 nephew calling the SWAT team on me
having the world's worst hangover
For being the worst being in the world
painting a Bob Ross painting on the back of my exam paper.
not wearing a mask
Weightlifting for the Majority of My Life
trying to hook up with a robot.
confiding to my new wife on our honeymoon that my "greatest sexual fantasy" is to be bathed in tarantulas, thereby resulting in the end of my marriage.
overestimating power of a motor
getting high before flying.
joining my school meet with a cringy old youtube channel I made in grade 5
for cursing at a mailman who I thought was a scammer
letting my boredom overpower me
Today I f*cked up by saying white people couldn’t be Mexican
not making a move on my crush
I rejected my crush because im an idiot;(
forgetting to get rid of the hentai I had drawn and remembering it only after my mother saw it.
joking about cost of limb loss in front of the limbless.
snooping
not picking up after my dog
accidentally forgetting the lube...
during trip to Slovenia
leaving the house with no money
mankind the grossest mess
leaving my phone w/ my dad to let him see that a friend of mine in discord sweared.
catching a mouse twice and somehow its still loose in my house.
bringing a karambit to school
masturbating to my Best Friend posting nudes with consent
What to do?
for answering the phone?
telling a friend that we are here for them.
mentioning the word "vaccine" during an interview.
ejaculating all over my face
I got slightly mad and demanded a manager to help me immediately.
deleting my old YouTube videos.
I (F25) said orgasm instead of organism during an online biology teaching session
WELL DAMN!
adjusting my curtains at 5am &amp; nearly killing my cat
giving a client my pricing calculations
Accidentally closed all the 500 tabs I kept for later reading
not proofing a document
asking for a rubber at work
touching my balls in a truck stop stall
Tonight I fucked up by asking out my co-worker.
waving bye to a coworker causing him to start flirting with me.
relieving myself in my girlfriend's family home in something that wasn't a toilet
accidentally having phone sex with my ex-girlfiend's sister
killing my good friend.
defecating on top of my friends toilet
letting my wife have her way with my body.
being under the covers while my dad walks by
letting my neighbors kid pet my dog
pranking my girlfriend
confusing Thai chili peppers for string beans
giving my girlfriend a piggyback ride
not cleaning my splooge and now my wife thinks I have diabetes
walking into the bathroom
deciding to see what my bestfriend posts in reddit.
finding out what sleep paralysis is like lol
fucking my goldfish
I fucked up bad
getting drunk &amp; exposing my bicurious tendencies
eating an entire box of Fiber One bars.
not checking my paycheck for 2 years and missing out on $16k
dropping my phone into a toilet 2 times this week
buying my grandmother an inappropriate Christmas gift
forgetting how my brain works
holding in my sneeze
laughing uncontrollably when my wife asked me how she looks
figuring out my bf's username.
for feeling bad for a stranger
not bringing sanitary pads / tampons with me aborad
accidentally locking myself in my bathroom during my COVID quarantine
flashing an ENTIRE city!
Moroccon Sextortion Scam
asking the girl I like for her Instagram at the wrong time and place
washing out my fleshlight in my friends sink.
buying flavored creamer
almost cutting off my thumb
self banishing myself from a supermarket with my words.
thinking Arsenal would beat Manchester City
getting high made me realize I have autism.
getting married
my period coming at the worst time
trying to remember a deadline
and discovered that I FU over ten years ago
Let me transfer you...
stealimg an essay off of reddit and thinking the teacher wouldn't notice
UPDATE: .308 Gunshot Pics NSFW!!!
My BF is having his first colonoscopy today. I shared this video with him... on social media. 😏
trying to surprise my my mum with breakfast in bed on Mother’s Day (NSFW)
not putting on my glasses right away
hitting my crush in the face with a wood swing
accidentally drinking my own piss
drinking barbecue sauce milk instead of chocolate milk
touching ‘down there’ after cutting jalapeños
putting grapes in my vagina
failing to clean up evidence
eating a handful of buttons
helping my boyfriend clean up his phone
having sex with my wife
leaving my food at home
being a workaholic.
Today I f'd up - Didn't realize I was having a hang over
seeing if the newer generation knows about =3
shitting myself in airport security
insulting Ringo Starr
being catfished
I ####ed up at lunch today
because I cried from a leg cramp I got during sex
bringing up cheating in front of a couple
with my foreign boss with my American potty mouth
prepaying a hooker
popping my massive pimple into my new boyfriends mouth
attempting to move out of my house share, failing and now reaping the consequences of my angered housemates.
assuming managers gender
telling my brother or dad hid his cancer.
unknowingly showing a delivery driver my gun.
ruining my orgasm causing gluteus muscle cramp
getting myself sent to a psyche ward for two days because of bad seafood
beating a rising player so bad he stopped showing up.
drinking soap
having a conversation with my s/o
shitting on the stock room floor at Dollar General
not closing the door before jacking off
playing GTA 5 too loud and the cops showed up
Today i almost killed myslef...
creating buffalo steam
ignoring a sound in my house
Hello tifus
awkwardly linking arms with a person I was interviewing.
not confirming my university enrollment and potentially forfeiting my spot and scholarship
running with my dog
telling my father he had gone “full oompa loompa”
running a red light
deciding to slap my brother
getting my “meat stick” caught in a vacuum cleaner, ending up in E.R
accidentally sending my teacher nudes
saying "man the lady who drives this car must be short"
joining this subreddit
letting my male and female friends sleep in the same room during a highschool sleepover party.
TIFI By Not Reading the Card"If you're seeing things, that means you're old!"
jacking off in the ocean
getting back together with my ex who is now "pregnant" with her best friends baby.
trying to microwave dry my phone
Probably Revealing the Answers to a Math Quiz
making all my friends think i have a dirty relationship with my father.
having really bad migraines that allowed me to discover a new side effect of my pain meds
saying my parents use viagra
making edibles
forgetting that ”Latin” has multiple meanings
getting helping a girl who dropped her phone
Got an Oculus Quest VR Headset for christmas. And destroyed it in minutes.
giving myself PTSD to the legend of Zelda theme.
not checking my old email
not staying with him
having my mom catch me how i nutted in my own face....
crashing my bike in the exact spot I crashed a year ago while showing a friend the spot where I crashed.
pounding into a half heap cow on my way house for Xmas and obtaining stranded in nowhere Arizona.
making my cousin believe that I am hitting on her. Because of some unresolved memories from the past.
finding my student ID
telling a lady that she needed a car seat for her kid.
during cottage dinner
making a yo mama joke and being sent to the office
telling a woman to enjoy her period.
farting in class
and almost blinded myself.
watching mindhunter with my possibly soon to be Ex GF
getting pregnant at 15
punching my boyfriend in the balls
spilling whiskey into my laptop
telling a community of disabled people anime was called hentai and making everyone hate me
ruining my chances of BJs forever
eating steak
accidentally telling the bank my wife died
causing my girlfriends oppressive Arab family to be ashamed of her.
not chewing properly and ruining New Year's Eve dinner.
reporting a found winning tix to Vegas security
attempting to promote myself
trying to have an open and honest conversation about finances between me, my wife, and my parents.
accidentally sending screenshots to my mom.
asking for a bribe and losing my job
ordering condoms at a summer camp
masturbating and ending up in the ER
introducing my girlfriend to PC gaming using Portal.
burning my balls under hot running water.
taking out the gas nozzle while it was still on
launching a snot rocket into a baby’s mouth
sending cute/love memes to my boss
going down rabbit holes that never existed and making my GFs family think I am a lunatic
forgetting about my almond milk and having sex.
thinking my father in law was a racist
taking too much LSD and weed
Gf caught me having sex with a man wearing her lingerie
leaving the roomba on while taking a shower
NOT HAVING MY ZOOM ON MUTE
forgetting to turn off my speaker
going straight across a park in my friend's gated community, IN MY CAR.
coming off as a burglar to my brother
ignoring my hydration and basic mineral needs
accidentally grinding through "Iron Passage" in DK2
trying to be in a loving relationship
taking double my regular dose of ADHD medication
My poor toe
losing a butt plug inside of me
forgetting to cancel my internet service.
asking a friend if he put ice poles between his teeth as a kid
ruined my cars carpet forever
A Scientific Way to Understand Your Personality
Not sure if this goes in here, but I left my keys inside my Jeep TWICE this morning.registration form is empty
inhaling ants
giving my friends and family a notification about my NSFW Twitter account
flying my drone in a bad part of Old San Juan, PR
splitting my head open
telling my wife about parallel universes and infinite possibilities.
doing yoga
finally using a cart.
slapping my girlfriend’s dad out of his hand
sending the army an email from the wrong address
using the bathroom at work.
dropping a coke zero
having a mispeling on my resume for over a year. Also, TIL that MS Word doesn’t put a red squiggly line under “catherization.”
calling my Coworkes son a dying cow
pressing "Images" too quickly
leaving the gas station without pumping the gas
borrowing my brothers build-a-bear
dropping food multiple times
getting caught by my wife for being a troll on reddit
hitting a toddler with a swing, TWICE
back in the 5th grade I told these girls that I hadn’t had a bath in months
sending my boss a picture of my social security card with my feet barely in frame
touching ghost pepper seeds then going pee without washing my hands before.
swearing at a two year old
running for the school bus
accidentally calling my fiancé's uncle a fatass every single time I've ever seen him for the past five years
The day I fucked
attending my sister's wedding
Calling an Overweight Woman 'Big Girl'
sending a screenshot in the wrong group.
for also making an unfortunate typo in an email.
relentlessly laughing at a special ed kid taking a shit and her caretaker
playing with magnets
flirting with my wife
loving my Nana to death.
not telling him I had a boyfriend
letting my parents use my phone
buying air needles I didn't need, then popping my brother's bike tire.
Accidentally flashing my GF’s mom while on FaceTime
putting too much soy sauce in the fried rice
wanting to finish my cigarette
Today I fucked up by tipping $2 on a haircut
How does social media creates impossible Beauty standards?
having a zombie-vibrator wake up my neighbors and possibly my friend
poisoning my boyfriend
trying to find a bathroom at a crowded high school football game.
my parents' sex
I cut across and and along my wrist
because I Didn't listen to my friend and he turned out to be right.
Trying to Have a Nice Birthday
trying to learn how to plunge a clogged toilet, and letting it overflow over my brand-new socks instead
acting really out of character for my self. sending incest porn to my mother
shitting under a bush in broad daylight
scaring away the family dog into the dark works for a few days by setting off fireworks
I became the host on zoom call
getting up while lightheaded
trusting a girl on Omegle and getting my nudeness posted on the Internet
cheating on my girlfriend at my own party while I was drunk
almost dislocating both of my knees
eating a carrot tower
running a cat drug den
today I fucked up by mentioning the "weedwacker incident"
participating in a hate subreddit
spending 20p on a bouncy ball
Playing On Reddit And Causing Our Family 40,000 Dollars Of Debt. (We're fucked)
having to break down my own bathroom door.
accidentally jerking off by my window
being a dumb teenager
taking pills to get high and setting off a time bomb
clicking on '10K titties' on r/PublicFreakout
trusting a stranger and letting him change my tire for me.
getting my non binary friend to come out to her mom
Can i do better?
I Just Faked My Own Death and Now I Regret It.
not realizing I was only using 1/2 of my PC Ram for years.
pissing off my ex and her dad
I spilled Deodorant on my SHIRT, and It LOOKS LIKE C*M
asking my wife for something she didn't want to do.
when I cut my toes with a chainsaw
insulting an acquaintance’s fashion style
not understanding how wasp nests work
playing the same song to my mom while she was an induced coma ignorant to her growing rage toward it.
having SEX‼️‼️‼️
texting this to my crush, and she thought I was comparing her with an order
throwing away $8,000, fucking up a date in and banning myself from Disney events
trying to Dutch oven my wife.
flashing my boobs to a truck full of Donald Trump supporters at the grocery store
OP didn’t know how to cross post, gave me the rights. Story is perfect for this sub
taking the wrong test and thinking I was pregnant.
squirting soap into my butthole
showing my friend a NSFW subreddit
getting way too drunk at a posh restaurant
posting by junk to a porn sub (NSFW)
taking a walk.
making a typo on my Tax Returns
Welp...
Over Masturbating Before My Karate Barbecue And Almost Killing My Neighborhood Friends With My Mom's Car
accepting two jobs at once.
because I didn't fall asleep in time
calling 911 after I dropped my phone and my arm got stuck behind the couch
eating Korean rice with a bad soy sauce..
Not listening to doctors advice.
confidently chatting up my neighbour but it was actually his twin brother
wearing a sack on my face
dumping a pot of boiling water on my hand
buying chocolate and whipped cream
blowing out a candle too hard
losing my clothes at a nude beach and my friend was caught basically naked as an effect
shitting
getting my car towed on my first day in a new city
taking 400 mg of caffeine
I drank milk
getting frustrated and making my son think his parents were going to die.
ordering a guitar pick with a swastika on it in a super lame attempt to be edgy.
saying I was gay
when a student went missing
letting my fiance's mom find our blowjob polaroid
making a bong
laying on my bed, chewing gum and texting in front of my professor and class of 120.
rolling my shoulders
My Dad found my Pocket Bussy - Embarrassed
giving my friend a nosebleed.
making a sexual comment about cheese in front of my foster family's friends!
breaking the shitter on my first day of work... Which made me leave the job.
not wearing pants for a job interview
pretending to like a girl although I'm gay
my brother actually, calling me from my mother's number.
Accidently Sending All My Files to my Recycle Box, a OneDrive Nightmare!
suggesting a quickie which turned me into an old man
eating my protein bar in the bathroom while getting ready for work
failing No Nut November and breaking my tooth
giving my puppy puppy chow...
trying to make Jalapeño poppers but accidentally made my balls burn like hell.
waving/smiling at what I thought was the first horse carriage of a parade turned out to be a funeral horse
training my puppy to respond to roaring
discovering my hair dyer and AC run on the same circuit, in mid-eyeglass-repair
watching porn after work
not unplugging the hand mixer
forgetting about our cake day
speaking in an online class without muting myself.
not realizing my best friend's feelings
listening to a guy at the bar
jumping backwards to the pool.
relapsing
TIFY by telling my Father to pray for me.
Okay guys my first Either I get fired on Monday or I don’t
registering on an international student association with a shameful pseudonym I had for my character in wolf RPG
Brother Uses a cleaning toothbrush on his teeth
?????
showing my parents my animal crossing island being a horndog
telling my crush that I love her
Accidentally Shooting Sanitizer In My Son's Eye.
Laughing at a friend in hospital
using the wrong acronym
getting drunk and dressing up
Tofu by making a holiday sex joke in my class
eating some ‘cashewnuts’ out of somebody else’s backpack
PSYCHEDELICS MATES ONLY
paying $300 for Macdonalds
asking my boyfriend a question which resulted in being dumped like he was Shakespearean. ruining my employment possibilities
sending the bitchy message to the person I was bitching about
fucking a my gf who just bleached her asshole
puking all over my husband for his birthday.
getting horny while on a river
not buying a mask which resulted in a near death experience.
Eating Chipotle Before a Train Ride
trying to donate to Salvation Army
locking my keys in my car... twice!
messing up repeatedly at work
Today I fucked up. I accidentally made a ‘racist’ remark to my professor.
eating a 200mg THC edible and ended up in the Emergency Room where I screamed “Costco Chicken Bake is the devil!”
not inviting my Best friend to my weeding
touching my eyes
taking my shirt of in the middle of a MS Teams teleconference.
accidentally destroying a gift to my grandmother.
pointing out a supply teacher's childlessness
I rick-rolled my biology teacher
refreshing my page so much that my school website that I was on crashed entirely.
not admitting to a Grindr hookup that I'm 11 years older than he thought.
making a silly bet and accidentally convincing my parents I was gay
not realizing that too much popcorn can cause severe constipation.
insisting my team met right away
my crush had an accident in the bed
forgetting at home ticket to a concert I was looking forward for three months. It is too late to hop home and pick it up.
NSFW With Carolina Reaper CBT
going to see my mother in law on my birthday
assuming my kid would be asleep... like she always is.
Get married , still love boy from the past
not knowing how to send chat messages in Reddit
Stumbling Upon Nudes While Drunk
r/ Choosing a Certain sequence of number as my Kahoot name.
R/lost my family
having my girlfriend have sex with the judge in a court
My Work Laptop
purchasing very expensive classes,and my weak ass computer just stopped working during this whole fukin quarantine shit going on...
リᒷ⍊ᒷ∷ ⊣𝙹リリᔑ ⊣╎⍊ᒷ ||𝙹
accidentally sending nudes to a cute stranger trying to be a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle
taking a nap
not owning up to my snobby side when dating my partner
asking my coworker what today was
I pissed the bed while my girlfriend is asleep next to me
getting locked inside a water park
accidentally insulting a strangers dead mom
send a private picture to the woman I have been best friends with for ten years
running around my neighborhood in socks screaming and accosting strangers.
using science to cover people in ketchup.
getting a haircut
trusting my dumb ass friend
drunkenly adding my friend to PS4 voice chat while dirty talking my BF (23)
having a very beautiful woman come over after 2 years of celibacy and not closing the deal
having the loudest fart in the history of farts with my coworker as my witness; she later captured me on video saying I will try not to fart again.
getting blackmail on fb
forgetting my video was on for a zoom work meeting while I scrolled on my phone and emphatically picked my nose.
AirPod retrieval gone bad
eating too many jabuticabas and blowing my bathroom up
asking for a wine opener at a liquor store
not reading the instructions on my prescription bottle
leaving the house with an gurggle in my belly.
getting hit by a ball
letting my foster daughter play The Sims
mistaking my friend/coworker for my boss.
starting an unneeded manhunt in a hospital
giving my dogs sprouts
chemically burning my p***y during Christmas dinner
today i fucked up by trying to make soup
not searching for a missing fish
Hurts to read. TL;DR guy thought he was in a relationship and was duped into being friendzoned, gf is screwing one of her friends with his knowledge.
possiblity poisoning hundreds of people at my ex-job
giving the wrong card number to an Obamacare scammer
cutting my hair and looking like lord farquad
I was fired from my job. It was a good opportunity, but it didn't work out.
leaving my browser open on a page that said “Good excuses to miss work” and then requested a day off.
having bf rub tiger balm on me
realizing what someone actually meant in a previous post and now being kinda embarrassed
being drunk
slicing open my vagina at work
making it look like I jacked off onto a hotel mirror
accepting random discord request
making my mother scared of food after a movie suggestion
learning too much info about my favorite drink
attending a zoom webinar naked.
Complimenting a Girl’s Skirt
selling special coins.
buying my mum what she always wanted
hiring a prostitute who later turned out to be my relative
accidentally deleting one of my youtube playlists.
blowing on my neighbours croch
peeing in the pool while my parents were gone
having a coughing fit at work
found out my favorite porn star is... my sister 0_0. OMFG!
getting stuck in zip ties while I was home alone
ruining all my favorite songs one by one
trying to install clients for my Minecraft gaming experience
falling asleep in class and in the process accidentally turning my mic on.I almost got my skull crushed from a prank
accidentally flirting with my teacher
making cookies for a friend after her aunt died
sedating myself for 48 hours by accidentally taking a heavy dose of sleeping pills in the morning
eating breakfast, almost dying, and having eggy coffee.
dropping a bomb of terrible news on top of great news
pooping my Pants and ruined 140£ pair of pants
At work as an in home caregiver. Thought the grandson living with them was calling the house. Told him all about grandpas diaper stuck to a scab on his butt. Turned out not to be grandson.
trying to take something for my headache with a bottle of cherry pomagranate drink that I had been filling ashes from a cigarette into.
vomiting onto the brides breasts
Work vibes of the day
spending $300 on useless things without my mother knowing
casting spotify to my neighbors TV
biting into what I thought was a delicious cinnamon roll
putting a marble in my crack.
not locking my computer and sending sexual emails to a lecturer
playing a joke on my boyfriend
being banned from my absolute favorite discord server.
For debating in the Reddit's comment section
on telling a young girl about the stupidness of sloths.
With porn hub and car insurance
flashing a dirty Wordle to my unsuspecting students
cutting myself with a razor
slapped breastfeeding mom and infant
learning about microdoseings benefits and took a quarter of a LSD tab before work and ended up communicating with aliens.
confusing the hadjob oil bottle with the hydro alcoholic gel bott
Too tired to use words properly while at work.
accidentally signing an email with the r-slur
calling a girl a not-so nice word
helping my girlfriend look into her ancestry
tripping over my gf's dead dog
not realizing I had my Reddit location set to Australia
showing a coworker a picture of my cat
having a poor choice of words
leaving my mealprep lunches on the stove to cool, and then going to bed.
nine ways to Sunday.
playing League of Legends
making security think a United States Senator was in danger
throwing my phone out the car window while spilling piece all over myself..
sending my stupid pictures to an annonymos person
accidentally yeet-ing my cat
singing the song that Barney sings at the end of an episode.
adding salt instead of white sugar, and cornstarch instead of flour, and I just realized it after I delivered it to the home for the aged, it's stone hard.
unsaving a hentai gif
trying to see how long it takes a starburst to lose it’s flavor
not wearing a facemask when heading to the pharmacy
sitting on my roommates new emotional support animal.
mixing strawberries and "custard"
Asking The Wrong Girl Out
sending a revealing video of myself to my highly religous friend...
closing a door
stating a wrong opinion.
WALKING IN ON MY GFS MOM NAKED NSFW
being uncoordinated and ruining social isolation and my hand
exploring abandoned WW2 bunkers in Pointe du Hoc and triggering my sleep paralysis
visiting the bathroom
duolingo gods
making hot chocolate
Told my mom I get my news from Reddit...
wanting to trim my dog’s nails
when my mom caught me masturbating
making friends at a pub
watching a guy give a girl oral sex on the same couch as my boyfriend's conservative parents
being THAT new motorcycle owner
By trying to make an awkward first day on the job moment into a funny get out of jail free moment with my new boss
being an accidental rugby racist
Not realizing I was technically still drunk.
making my Brussels sprouts mushy
making my roommate fear for his life.
walking in on my naked dad
Lost 8 hours of work and ten pages
ruining my career and financial security
running away from ticket inspectors after handing them my id
wishing people Merry Christmas
setting my kids art project on fire
going to pick up dinner
being too stoned to realize I wasn't doing a Google search
blowing up my rifle
immediately cursing at every French person but the French seemed to enjoy it ?
sleeping through my entire finals exam
letting my disgusting grandmother ruin my love life
Got my feet "golden showered" by stupid drunk me
using 10% of my meme powers.
Calling a Guy's Penis Basic
being the crazy neighbor
getting too drunk before meeting someone
replacing a return valve on a sewage system
How i perfumed my asshole and got in trouble
helpo
giving my bf a blowjob while he's on medication
playing inappropriate sounds in front of my parents friends
playing a new VR game
when I shamed a member of my community
getting high in the zoo
throwing my cat during a zoom meeting
forgetting to tell my best friend happy birthday
wearing a stained dress shirt to the dry cleaners
joining an optional Zoom meeting that I thought was mandatory
falling from a treadmill
Buy Trustpilot Reviews - Get Trustpilot Reviews (5 Star )
trying to reassure myself that my ex-friend and rapist still lived hundreds of miles away. Instead found out he lives super close.
thinking I could function with a brain being starved of oxygen.
protecting my self respect a pride in a battle with my mom
Rest in peace zeus and leopard
not checking if I was still connected to the company network
going near a wolf pack in rdr 2
using a fly swatter to cook eggs making a lewd joke about my partner’s grandpa in hospice
accidentally writing "hh" instead of "gg" in my favorite Minecraft Server
ruining my family's old home videos and their Christmas
sending the wrong Screens in the wrong whatsapp group
giving my wife a UTI
giving the business manager at my new job my medical marijuana card instead of my social security card
Tub drained slow, thought I could fix it and it took a year!
not knowing where they kept the water.
and disgusted a little girl so bad she couldn’t go to the bathroom
too bluntly explaining skin color to my 4 year old.
today I fucked up by Writing "Shut The Fuck Up" on online class chat
living with a baker
ignoring my husbands complaint about mystery cigarette butts
elbowing a blind girl in the face
TIFUpdate by maybe giving my girlfriend herpes
accidentally leavingmu favorite stuffed animal outside
shitting my pants in school (NSFW)
banging a hot chick
remembering the game...
I fucked up in high school and urinated on a girl for a split second when very drunk, if this comes out will people hate me and I lose my career over it?
having sex on our anniversary
not burying my cat deep enough.
ruining my favourite games for myself
posting on askreddit - "What does the death of RGB mean for America?"
not downloading all my wedding photos
was a horrible wife, please help me get him back.
Today I fucked up by calling my teacher "balls"
ruining a conversation with 1 sentence.
hurting the feelings of a special needs coworker
having the same last name as a popular boy band and nearly getting a small child killed
removing my 'earwax blockage'
LPT  rooming with someone who deep-throats their toothbrush every morning
This mans weekend couldn't get any worse! (obligatory not me)
selling something that was mislabeled and not having the money to refund it.
offering a bag of dog poop as candy to some kids
constantly readings as “did I fuck up”
lying to the IRS during an interrogation
checking out that sweet ass.
making a huge mess out of a Yes or No question with my history teacher and class ending up thinking I watch shrek porn.
eating a full loaded tick from my cat
TEFU - today elves fucked up) and ruined my sons Christmas eve
trying pure nicotine for the first time
realizing the true meaning to a song I used to listen to while getting over an ex
leaving a vibrator out while a friend comes over to pet sit
sending an unsolicited nude to my course coordinator
getting high and writing a very mean send a message on Instagram
Sent my Ex wife underwear with my new gfs face on them.
getting caught urinating in a sink
leaving the outdoor tap on for an unknown number of days
sending myself my girlfriend’s nudes from her phone
eating vitamin gummies by the handful
Swallowed a Quarter
monochromizing a twitch emote for a keychain
blowing at least 17 big loads in my gf and a couple in her sister and their mom caught us...
faking my own death in class
using a fishlight
not understanding how effed up my student's (29f) divorce was before setting up my friend (33m) with her
Filling Out a Job App
Pooping the Bed
commenting on a Youtube video
going overseas to teach sex ed and ending up in hospital for acquiring multiple STIs while I was there
telling a cat lady that I hoped she didn’t have children.
attempting to smoke jazz cabbage outdoors and accidentally came across something... unsettling.
intentionally then accidentally invading a friend’s personal life
losing a guys number
Being Discriminatory to someone who is Asexual
letting my friend go out without me
telling my whole school about my sister's fuck up
losing my phone
thinking someone named their book character Chickpeas.
brushing my teeth without checking the labels
drinking and driving.
ignoring my little brother
eating ghost peper
letting my squirrel in from the cold.
eating 2 edibles after already taking a massive dab.
supporting the KKK
mishandling my penis in a public toilet.
flossing my teeth
a google broadcast
AITA? DPD driver tried to open my front door delivering a parcel. I posted on a local Facebook community that it made me uncomfortable everyone replied that I'm an asshole.
not reading laxative directions!
crawling on the floor of a haunted house.
ranting about Covid-19 in nursing homes, forgetting that my step-father's mom is currently on lockdown in her nursing home
spanking a random female classmate thinking it's my friend
stretching out my hand to shake the hand of someone I profoundly admire, and not paying attention to the current pandemic culture change...
laughing while eating hot sauce
not posting a non-sexual topic on
making my girlfriend think I was going to propose to her
thinking I could win a giveaway by entering about 323 times
opening my door to quickly and causing a 5 by 6 foot mirror to fall on me, resulting in needing 20 staples
queefing and peeing in my car in front of my boyfriend.
getting baby shit over my cream carpet, shoe cabinet and walls
TFIU by melting my finger with a drill
borrowing swimwear
recommending the school to play music during passing time.
getting ancestry.com for my very German father.
thinking I had flatulence at a funeral.
sdfasdf
doing 69 with my girlfriend for the first time
using acetone for removing superglue
Help me please
trying to cheat on my wife.
by not paying attention to which pill bottle I grabbed
Sodom and Gomorrah...that’s what we are now
forgetting my video was on during a Zoom work meeting,
letting my university classmate think I was friend with the guy who made fun of me in junior high
forgetting to change my Zoom name and making my teacher nearly cry.
trying to eat something with the wrong consistency
going outside to pet my cat
taking a heroic dose of Psilocybin mushrooms
buying an exercise bike of off Amazon that had an asbestos break pad
Masturbating to what I thought was my upstairs neighbors having sex... it wasn’t
flipping off my daughter's principal.
My dick got me swindled out of $700
asking Alexa to play Christmas Music
getting McDonald's sued
not understanding what a queef is (is that how you spell it? Idk)
letting my kids watch a scooby-doo movie that had actual haunted storyline.
accidentally asking my crush on a date
masturbating with a shampoo bottle
letting my mic on while on a zoom meeting and burping like Rick.
walking in on my Step-dad giving my mom a facial
being caught by my wife watching porn for research purposes
putting a whole vial of perfume on my penis *NSFW*
having my mom clean my semen stains off my bedroom walls.
allowing my neighbour to see me at my worst
setting myself on fire
going to the bathroom at the theatre before the start of Star Wars The Force Awakens and heard a huge spoiler
buying a duck tape that looks like a scotch tape.
keeping nudes of my best friends gf.
ruining a family sing-a along
I think I might be stupid
kissing a finger
walking out on an argument abt race
speaking in the wrong chat
using a banana peel as a fleshlight
accidentally liking a dating profile of a friend
drinking my make up remover
insinuating I have genital warts to a client
burning the bottom of my feet.
: Sticking a toothbrush in my ear,and it getting stuck.
eating spicy food
calling my mom a boomer on her birthday
walking out of the bedroom naked only to be greeted by my best friends teenage son.
breaking up with my gf while asleep
saying the word orgasm in front of my religious aunt
jumping into bed too hard, causing my girlfriend to end up with an open gash on her head.
pretty sure
One leg at a time..
putting swear words in academic paper.
sending nudes to the wrong person in a big way
destroying my girlfriend's minecraft home
and ruined a vacation cruise by forgetting passports.
false advertising my event
trying to Venmo a buddy $37.31 and Venmo'd him $3,731 instead.
smiling at a turtle mauling story
accidentally revealing my fetish to my parents
trying to get some exercise in by roller blading
taking my electrical scooter the first day at university
thinking my new inhaler would grant me superpowers
trying to put on my crushes hoodie ripped it and got it dirty
Predictions for 2021 from our Collegian staff.
accidentally giving a vacine to a child of an antivax.
making a joke about what turned out to be an urn full of my friends husbands ashes
Dad accidentally steals my allowance for months
saying another girls name while my gf tried waking me up with a surprise
driving my car off the road with my little sister in the car
using a self-conceived cooking hack
sleeping
my relationship, because I am just purely dumb.
installing a bidet attachment on my toilet
Today I realized I’m a massive fuck-up
calling my professor “Ms. Girl”
taking one too many mint pills
walking home from the bar.
wearing a PornHub hoodie to work
trying to kill myself
Trying to Lose Weight
Masturbated with head and shoulders. booking a trip to Bali at the worst possible timing, which resulted in me getting swarmed by thousands of moths and almost choking to death
yelling at my cat during a seminar.
kicking a massive whole in my wall. flair:s
shaving my balls without having learned my lesson
accidentally getting drunk
My sister caught me
sleeping with my phone on
not wearing underwear while i walked my dog
looking for the belle delphine video on my iPhone
falling behind in French
smelling my own ass*
pooping.
or did something pretty cool, can’t decide
getting mad at the gas station
masterbating in front of security camera (which wasn't hidden and I was aware of)
jet streaming ground white pepper into my own eyes
at work and cost the company 100k
getting the courage to ask my crush out for lunch
liking a post from a porn account on twitter on my main account, just to be told by my old friends by their tweet that they could see it on their timelines and say something about me indirectly.
By trying to be a good neighbor and thinking it would be appreciated and not waking away when it wasn’t (long)
going to the eye doctor stoned
touching an electric fly swatter
crying during my driving lesson
Watching porn loudly and didn't know that my roommate is home
running across my boss’s house naked
I called my ex
getting distracted and not filling up my tub all the way
drinking too much and blacking out under my bed
trying to apply to a college class on another campus
texting a real estate agent what was intended for a close friend
putting too much ghost peppers in my pasta
working at my terrace
giving myself a raging headache and swollen face in an attempt to kill a spider
trying to pass a counterfeit bill
not listening to my employee about Hiroshima b0mbing
not showing for the test
saying Trump looked younger than he was
My Friend fucked up), by jacking into a Teacher's tea and ending up the whole school drinking his juices.
drinking Sauerkraut juice and eating Sauerkraut and violently shitting myself
FUCK THE MODS
asking my sister infront of her boyfriend for a kiss without spesisfiying the chocolate
forgetting to wash up after cutting poblano peppers.
not knowing what my wife's doctor meant by pelvic rest
sending management Cardi Bs nude Boobs.
putting my grandma's cell phone in freezer
humming for a good minute before I realized I was unmuted on my zoom call.
letting my 3YO think she would have to stay at kindergarten FOREVER
carrying my drunk girlfriend
NSFW when I accidentally had porn come up on my phone when the nice tax lady was holding it
ordering Kung Pao chicken while having a peanut allergy
Broke my elbow with my kneecap
flashing the rehabilitation therapist and her trainee while being warded at the hospital.
I smell bad. Here’s my story. TL;DR at bottom.
talking smack about my date with my mom
Damn you broadband router.
just need karma ignore me
rewinding my film roll.
showing my grandparents a picture of my boyfriends crown jewels
masterbating
leaving my vibrator on the ledge of the bathtub.
giving myself rugburn in a bath
breaking my keyboard
telling my class I was going to breastfeed
not coming clean about my diarrhea
using hair gel instead of lube
mixing up reality and my dream.
breaking my monitor window, placing a replacement incorrectly, and paralyzing my face
forgetting to use formulas in Excel
asking my tinder matches to send me $5 and ended up making $350.....
for spreading rumors about myself "Raping Angela"
spending extra money I received by a company... because it may have been accidental on their part.
letting my hair down
peeing in my first ever one night stand's bed... while we were having sex
not talking to my boyfriend
giving myself testicular torsion
wrestling with my husband
lazily cleaning my discharge
eating Burger King
accelerating across lanes too fast
having IT knowledge
Giving Myself a New Rectum &amp; Nearly Burning Down My Flat
introducing dirty Disney song covers to Disney Employees
Today (Technically Yesterday) I fucked up by flipping off a cop
making my mother think I’m suicidal
wearing a BLM mask to an affluent bar
not registering for Smart Serve during the free enrollment period
making my dentist think I'm kinky
rearing maggots in my classroom
batting my chin with a knife
constantly grinding my teeth
laughing off a customer
failing my speech test
lightly toasting grandma's body
asking for more chicken wings
falling into a river on shrooms
making an yard think I suck dick
ruining my chances with the love of my life saying the word "crazy" in front of a psych patient and ended up getting accused of telling my patient the details of my sex life.
trying to cook macaroni and almost setting my house on fire.
using the nickname for my sister on my phone.
blocking up a dishwasher and throwing away some expensive silverware...
deleting Instagram to reduce time spend on my phone and now spending even more time on Reddit
I spent time making art the past couple days to be auctioned as an NFT and spent 120$ for the auction fee. Almost no one saw my work or even given me any feedback. I feel sad and stupid.
Taking My Water Pill.
smashing my phone less than 24 hours after paying for it to be repaired at great expense
introducing spiders, sex, and cannibalism into a job application
how to make anal sex with no pain no tears!!!!
drinking last night.
thinking I could hold back a 55kg mutt from chasing an iguana
blocking my exam
my coworker misunderstood my South Park reference, instead thought that I wet the bed
telling my baby momma she a piece of shit
not realizing I skipped a past episode in MAD MEN. Yikes!
leaving our new cleaning lady a 'welcome gift' (NSFW)
finding out the hard way how much more quickly a Subaru WRX burns oil than previous vehicles I'd driven.
going to a concert, running out of gas on the Thruway, and having my Dad's truck towed
being too nervous for an internship interview.
not checking if a transaction went through
going outside
taking a picture of a clown at a circus
not going to Russia because of 4 letrers
Possible Drug Entrapment
getting caught jerking off...
making up a break up for karma
having hot sex in the shower with my daddy
getting baked during the Great British Baking Show
and nearly broke my leg. Three times.
messing with my girlfriend
spraying a car with the contents of a doggie cleanup bag
thinking my students were talking about a porn star
making myself a murder suspect
missing the kiss.... TWICE
stopping a bag theft right after buying some weed and getting busted.
kicking my husband out of ketosis.
TIFI by ending up naked on a hoverboard at a Christmas family gathering
writing a song to my boss instead of writing my homies
ALMOST falling for a scam
Wanted to give pizza to a random dude via a throwaway account, cant remember his username or my password to the throwaway...
throwing a frisbee
making Carolina Reaper sauce indoors
thinking my mic wasn't switched on
mistaking hallucigents for sweets and eating 8x the safe dosage.
locking too many doors.
wanting a coat and a shirt
sending a picture of my boobs to my sister
taking my 12st Mastiff on the train
mowing the grass
peeing in dreams.
Nudist summer by accident
convincing my students the government is brainwashing them
School TL;DR.
telling the girl I've been talking to that I love her
using fire sauce as a lube, again.
trying to decorate our new apartment.
convincing my friend to try the Secret Santa exchange here on reddit.
procrastinating and being misinformed
eating a Carolina Reaper
trying to put Command Hooks on my ceiling
interrupting a death notification
joking about having a burp fetish
my leaving my vibrator in my Airbnb
Today I fucked up by saying something stupid
sending well wishes to a colleague
leaving my vibrator on my mom’s bedside table
pissing on my girlfriend’s floor and now I’m trying to prevent the fuck up from getting worse
coughing into my mask
trying to win an argument with a talking dog.
choosing a wrong university
going to a Heat game
today I fucked up while making my bed
using Zoom
Confusing Masochism and Misogyny
creating a tinder page called Virgin Scientists and getting banned
changing clothes in front of the delivery guy that I forgot was in my home.
Im dumb as sh**
I crushed my balls with a bike seat.
What kind of “job” do you have?
making a suicide joke to my friend and then showering directly after
slamming my finger in a car door
getting caught with alcohol
Told my Spanish teacher to suck it
I made a girl uncomfortable around me
defending myself against an “intruder”
being American
accidentally making fun of my coworkers accent to him
being conned into what I discover is money laundering
trying to eat healthier while at work
trying to buy psoriasis with my GF
making my favourite teacher think I'm a fascist
My reddit account was banned
So I might have screwed up just this very moment.
allowing my outdoor cat to sleep on my bed, thus getting a tick on my...
Keeping My Son’s Fish Alive
sending my Cub Scouts on an adventure of inappropriateness
going for a walk
Messaging my crush for saying Happy Birthday
I'm missing my cake day
watching a video my father's friend sent my mother.
leaving my door open
killing my nephews chicken with a cigarette
Not Looking Where I Was Sitting
my mom accidentally introduced me to internet porn.
So, so sorry to hear this news
Embarrassed my self in front of 30 people
really enjoying headpats.
eating jalapeno potato chips for breakfast
not paying attention to what I eat
changing my bedsheets
being an dumb 14 year old
taking a big cheese!
assuming my coworkers were anything more than ignorant, uncultured swine.
using a glass patio table as a workbench
not answering unknown calls
trusting a quiet child...
Got so drunk I created a new username without even knowing it
Drinking a Bit Too Much.
trying to be a supportive friend
my big cat sanctuary was opened up by rioters
falling off the treadmill in my basement, hitting my head, and almost dying
calling my waiter by his name
playing geoguessr with my girlfriend
impersonating my mother over the phone
acting insane when my house got broken into
i accidentally cut off my dick with a margarita glass.
letting COVID wear me (and my hair) down
drinking at a renfaire
selling my smartphone to pay for school's registrations.
rubbing off the beef with room door unlocked
having an epileptic attack while watching porn at work.
uploading my school's zoom meeting link on 4chan's /b/ and was forced to watch porn along with my principal, 2 teachers and other students
I had sex with a girl under the influence of alcohol and now i am afraid that she might sue me for rape
I lying myself into a hell hole
Today I fucked up by dropping my DS game into the toilet and it nearly got flushed down
hiding drugs so well I couldn't find them in a hurry
assuming my (outdated) ice skating skills translated well to rollerblading
driving my dads car without permission and caused some pretty significant scratches on it.
letting my social anxiety+depression get to me and ruined my 17th birthday party
going to bed being way too bored.
cleaning my room and donating new Christmas watch
Drinking too much coffee at a job orientation
sending my mom a recipe for a grenade
arguing with my Husband &amp; punching him in the face
swallowing toothpaste
going on this subreddit
dropping a wet wipe in my toilet for the second time
not eating eleven cookies
petting a cat and ending up with $200 medical bill
speeding up a Dr. Seuss story and getting my mother-in-law hospitalized ...
ramming my car into the side of a horse barn
squeezing the sanitizer bottle too much and getting my left eye blind for a week
peeing in a room full of people
slapping my daughter
almost dying on Mt Fuji
giving blood and then taking my first edible
calling 911 while in the dentist chair
living in the UK and finishing my studies while a global pandemic just isn’t being dealt with.
stopping before the door for no reason
lying to my teacher and getting snitched on by my friend
being fluent enough in Russian to convince my best friend that I had cheated on my girlfriend with my roommate's brother, but unfortunately, not quite fluent enough to realize that I had done so... until today, 2yrs later, when my wife approached my BF about an electric blue hair on our bed.
showing my GF this sub. NSFW?
Best tendance
By Driving to the Mexican Consulate in Los Angeles
giving myself atropine eyedrops for a funny pic
accidentally texting my mom instead of my girlfriend
drinking coffee on the train
and goatse-ed my 5-year-old kid.
snapping my whammy bar
following a misleading subreddit
screaming profanities in the neighborhood around small children
getting high with my brother's newly wed, but now ex??, wife's sister.
not talking much to my friend
dropping my 2 yr old into the toilet.
getting cum all over my sister
my mom caught me drinking
at the gym
packing for pleasure
rollerblading home.
sending a kpop reaction video to a dude saying he didn't like me
writing out a paragraph on r/confessions and fell asleep
drinking boiling hot water and obliterating my taste buds.
Might have fired an employer at a restaurant
using surgical shears to trim my pubes
in Spanish class. (Actually a couple months ago but wtv)
landing myself in the ER for drinking pancake batter.
forgetting to log out of my school account
trusting the internet...
eating too much chinese food.
throwing my back out and exposing my dad to my sex life.
not studying for a math test
telling my girlfriend that teaming and cheating is bad in an among us game
bullying my brother
Talking to a Manager
unleashing a stream of butt juice into my face.
I've clogged both my toilets with pizza and my mum's going to disown me when she wakes up.
not changing my tires before it was to late
trying to open a beer bottle
not realizing how hiding posts works
sharing meme from r/dankmemes
putting my new jacket in my bedroom
when my shit flooded my friends house.
Putting paper in my ear
My penis is swollen because I got bored
when I told my highschool crush that I was glad I'm not the only one who got fat.
not muting my headset while on a work call
and now I’m overstimulated.
Not reading rules on r/askreddit
dumping body lemonade on a baby
smoking weed and ending up in the hospital
Said “Great how are you” when my teacher said that she heard about my grandma’s death
getting to high to complement my Gf
failing so much that a majority of schools in my province might ban me for the rest of my life
hyperlinking entire company staff a directory of every porn site ever made.
having my hand lotion next to tissues
making grilled cheese in the toaster
posting nudes on flickr for everyone to see
posting a dick pic on the neighborhood watch WhatsApp profile
I tried to one-up my scouting mates in a rock throwing competition, then ran for the hills when things went south.
being a horny drunk
HAD SEX with My AUNT (I'm not Happy with it) .... Now I'm Pretty F#ED UP... I'm ATTRACTED TO OLDER WOMEN NOW... I Don't know What to do.it was not Something i wanted.. But now i can't control it. I'm now Constantly ATTRACTED TO.. OLDER WOMEN...in a UNCONTROLLABLE WAY..... Their DRESSING.... SKIN...
accidentally drugging myself
coughing in the wrong place at the wrong time
dropping my bluetooth earbud in the hallway
cleaning the floor
accidentally ordering an Uber eats...
getting help for my mental problems.
saying the wrong slang term for guts in class, out loud, with mostly girls.
masturbating with Icy Hot.
Dyed my wall blue
I posted a sweary left wing politcal video into my largely conservative church's whatsapp. asking my old friend if I could fix the friendship
accidentally spooning my GF's daughter
using gang slang meeting my girlfriends grandma for the first time
Risk of diabetes
trying to cheat in an exam, and then fucking over my teacher
accidentally almost burning down my parents’ house
using clorox wipes on my penis
leaving eggs in my car overnight
accidentally spoiling Anne Frank's dairy for a friend
teaching a girl what the C-word means in front of her brother
not being near a toilet the morning after my bachelorette party.
asking my uncle if he could keep it down and making him go crazy
taking 6 times the amount of my prescripted medication.
teaching my toddler where teeth are
fighting with my GF &amp; not making it up to her
farting in the elevator before my crush gets in with me.
mby getting caught in a lie to avoid an interaction
offering to blow my AP Language class
Today I fucked up by eating
accidentally going down a mogul run while skiing.
not knowing about "big poppa"
doing number two while the sewer pipe was open.
I’ve no idea where it’s headed.
not responding to an email
ordering a sex toy and not warning my tweenage son to not touch my packages.
saying my friend's pet could die soon
being me
breaking my 800$ computer
simultaneously mispronouncing a place in America and totally effing up a cartoon characters name.
smoking weed the night before an important interview.
confusing the term "racketeer" with "musketeer"
at the doctor
dropping a pair of used panties in front of a lady at the grocery store
slapping my brother
watching the Trump 60 Minutes Interview
eating with my boyfriends parents
telling my pregnant wife to abort the fucking kid
formatting my backup drive on accident.
masturbating at night and got caught by my uncle.
taking allergy medications less than 24 hours before an allergy test.
touching my dick a few minutes after cutting poblano peppers.
Forgetting a paper was due and thought I would get away by turning in a corrupted file as a research paper.
looking like a "homeless drug addict"
fracturing 5th metatarsal / tearing tendons in foot and will need surgery
screaming while on a Zoom call
telling the truth
when I realized I've been using boxes wrong my whole life
sending the police to my work.
walking outside I guess.
almost shutting down an amusement park ride
I nearly set the house on fire with a tortilla.
clogged my MIL’s bathtub
Didn’t realise my fly was all the way down until I got home
understimate a hit on my knee
founding out my ex has reddit...
Take the time to look #covidcrazy
smacking the shit out of my boss.
requesting nudes over work group text filling my electric kettle with instant coffee
watching a movie and sharpening a machete
bursting cracker on my landlord.
I gave my fun buddy a boner while he was working in the hospital and now he won’t speak to me.
cutting my boyfriend’s hair
loudly passing wind several times during a Microsoft Teams meeting for serious cases review, unmuted.
answering a “no caller ID”
not reading the instructions on my medication with near fatal consequences
identifying as black to a racist black supremacist white grandma
thinking that there was someone suspicious outside texting someone to like do some bad stuff.
doing an ancestrydna test.
thinking my air conditioner in my car was broken, when in fact, it was not... for months.... during the summer.
Thought I had a flu, it was just withdrawal
being Gay
squirting on my computer and breaking it.
Noise Cancelling Headphones Backfired
i accidentally molested a cow
watching a certain anime.
ordering 27 Tesla cars with a combined value of 1.404.000 Euro.
not knowing what Preparation H was.
for ordering a burger with onion rings and big soda
losing my bracelet
Cried wolf by ringing an emergency bell.
in the fetal position.
putting a logon sound on my laptop
today I messed up by downloading a "Minecraft Alt Generator"
dropping my phone in a bucket of paint
sharing porn in Zoom with my coworkers
Time I f’ed up. (Meta)
telling the dentist I have a high pain tolerance
Intel Core i9-9900K Desktop Processor 8 Cores up to 5.0 GHz Turbo unlocked LGA1151 300 Series 95W with 29% off
That time I dated a dolphin trainer
accepting candy from my kid.
acting like I couldn’t smell my dates fart.
i need to get over a guy PLZ HELP
blowing in a dogs face
dicing a sweet pepper
at McDonalds
going out on a first date when I didn't feel well.
filling gasoline in a diesel truck, twice. forgetting to change my bio
using the bathroom on my phone
not checking my email.
asking my boss if she wants me to impregnate her.
Made corn on the cob
Mele Kalikimaka
burning my hand on pop and my wife is mad at me
breaking azur lane crosswave the day i got it
I Wasn't There For My Wife And I Don't Know What To Do
trying to keep my patient in his bed.
accidentally attaching my name to an anonymous email to my CEO and Senior Vice Presidents.
Sleeping In Comfortable But Toxic Foliage
unknowingly hosting a fruit fly breeding hub, in my closet, for six months of my life.
TIFUpdate - matching with my stepson on Grindr
cutting off a part of my finger
dropping a ball and being accused of murder
Ordering McDonald's In New Mexico
quitting a job i only worked at for 2 days that my brother vouched for me and now i feel like shit
Posting my girlfriend completely naked on my Snapchat story.
wanting to see my phone while I'm driving
Crop Dusting A Cave And Accidentally Activating A Karen
explaining my sister the story of Attack on Titan not knowing that my cousin (8 years old) was listening from the other room.....
not washing a toy after sex
not hiding my toys properly (NSFW)
being stupidly jealous and pushing it to far with my gf
after my mother finds my homemade fleshlight
driving my Tesla in ludicrous mode
using a public toilet.
insisting on seeing the monkeys
stepping on Lego and possibly spreading Covid-19
spreading poison oak over my whole body
being so paranoid that I think I made my crush hate me
Dropped a full bottle of urine in my cars carpet
eating a bunch of ants while stoned
getting an ass pimple
ejaculating on my mother in law
accidentally putting an ice cream cake in the fridge
drinking water from a fountain at an old french public water place
serving slices of watermelon and being unintentionally racist
accidentally starting a conversation at dinner about one of my dad’s old college FWBs.....right in front of my mom:/
accidentally saying the N word in front of a black person
Never trust a hot fart
making chicken nuggets explode
blending and drinking an entire pomegranate
making my boyfriend call me a "cum dumpster"
missing out on sex with my milf neighbor
My teacher caught me jerking off to my crush in zoom class
missing a Parcel while sleeping
and possibly lost my husband
TIFY by getting drunk for the first time on my room mates bday
I REALIZED I WAS TRAUMATIZED
forgetting I am almost 30 and playing with my nephews
beliving a porn game quest is canon to the show series.
sending a text to a medical professional instead of my brother.
Why God???
slapping my dick
farting directly in my bfs face
grabbing my best friend by his balls
I Accidentally Ate Shit
deciding to treat myself to a wank
forgetting to deleted porn
not charging my wireless headphones.
My graphite story
having a YouTube playlist called “Music for Hot Freaky Sex”
insulting someone's social status
Screenshotting A Meme At Work
telling my brother Dad is sick
drinking coffee on a LazyBoy
telling my gay friend I hate gays...
sending a boy to his death.
writing to my boss a song instead of writing my homies
By shooting myself in the hand, pointblank, middle palm, with a BB gun
losing my tickets
reading my dad's message to my mom
having unplanned sexy time with my SO
jumping onto my bed.
clamping my nipple in a friend.
telling a girl I didn't like that I liked her.
masturbating with headphones in.
I missed my cake day.
TIFI by not seeing what my cat knocked down quickly enough
ruining an entire buffet
because I didn’t read the school newsletter and today is Superhero Day
accidentally telling my dad he had a grandchild
getting a massage
My Man Witnessed Me Shart
telling my friend to take down an unflattering picture of me
I came during my physical.
having my reddit exposed.
How has Digital Media changed.
projectile vomiting into my wife's vagina.
clicking on a sketchy video on Youtube
burning my vagina with jalapenos
going to the park
Finally a place where I can let out my cringiest memory from middle school. (might be hard to follow because I’m fucking retarded when expressing my feelings or thoughts ).
Never left alone at the dentist again
taking my pregnant GF and out loud mouth son to tour a fancy Catholic Basilica
asking someone i met on Hinge to come over
marinating my cat!
HELP I SENT A GAY SHREK PORNO TO MY 82yo GRANDMOTHER
not realizing that the internet can be very hateful
sending fan mail to Marvel Comics
sending porn to every computer screen in school
using a potato to smoke
10 HOURS OF SHITTY MUSIC 10 HOURS OF SHITTY MUSIC 10 HOURS OF SHITTY MUSIC 10 HOURS OF SHITTY MUSIC 10 HOURS OF SHITTY MUSIC 10 HOURS OF SHITTY MUSIC 10 HOURS OF SHITTY MUSIC 10 HOURS OF SHITTY MUSIC
crying in front of my dad
not checking the ring size of an ebay auction
accidentally opening a porn video while sharing my screen on a Teams call at work
getting stoned while my wife was away with her dying father
not telling my crush I love her when she confessed her love for me
Accidentally knocked my gfs tooth out her mouth.
ifu by not knowing what sanitary towels was until I was 25
snapping at my girlfriend for complimenting me
getting a hand job
Read my wife's journal
saying something that could be considered racist in front of a black man
I fucked my brother
Which one?
letting my cat's ass come near my keyboard.
today, I pissed granny off (it’s a pretty stupid post tbh)
purchasing OnlyFans on my bank account my mom monitors
shaving my leg with a facial razor
forgetting the Alamo
letting slip that I don't intend to live if I develop dementia.
waiting too long to fix my grade. Now I can’t graduate on time.
confusing orgasm with organism
accidentally sending a Playboi Carti meme when I was about to ask a girl how she felt
letting WFH get the best of me
making the entire company I work at panic
becoming a member of the Arbor Day Foundation
trying to stick my dick in the garbage disposal
Got in a drinking competition, eventually was wasted, threw up on myself and the floor, and was too dizzy to stand up by myself, and someone else cleaned it up like a bro.
gaming in my own room
half listening and telling my daughter that she is "the greatest hooker I've ever had"
telling my best friend's girlfriend that he was cheating on her
eating a poisinous plant with my classmates
accidentally showing my girlfriend a nude catalogue of one of my clients.
catching feelings for a Cam girl
when i almost fell in the sea from a 20 meters tall rock... but i didnt know how to swim at that time.
while changing my son's diaper
having blown a tick somewhere over my apartment
having sex with my roommate
cumming inside a woman on birth control who I barely know after 90 days of not ejeculating
waiting to take a crap.
teaching by boyfriend how to yawn
leaving a family sized package of chocolate chip cookies on our wicker couch that our dachshund found, opened, hid, and gorged on leading to an emergency vet visit and a $2,000 bill.
burping as loud as I could during a zoom lecture.
Eating a Roll
vomiting in front of my crush
not doing laudry sooner.
ruining my relationship with my gf
Reconnect with my ex but the convo goes cold and awkward
thinking about my teacher while masturbating
Adnan Oktar'ın Sohbet Programı 6 Nisan 2017
eating spaghettios in bed
graduating college with zero knowledge
killing $80,000 worth of rare fish, flooding my pet store, losing my job, getting sued and getting knocked out by a parrot all in one day
standing while peeing.
forgetting about my boyfriend’s permanent hearing loss.
never being able to look my parents in the eyes again
Made inappropriate comment when I accidentally believed I was on mute. Said “that’s fucking stupid”
blowing a kiss
when I bought fake airpods cuz I wanted to save money and weeks before my birthday
Nsfw Tried to give my s/o head, made him barf.
being trained by my roommates fish
choosing today to protest the underpayment and bad treatment of dance teachers
procrastinating for half a year
sunscreen really does work!Sunscreen works! But make sure you spread it on evenly...
almost deep frying my keys
uploading the wrong file to my drivers Ed teacher(NSFW)
calling my Best Friend a Puppy Killer
fronting several hundred dollars to a dealer I didn't know, got scammed.
eating a prize I won at a baby shower.
sending my supervisor some aweful TXT about herself.
having laxatives shoved up my ass.
mentioning a song without thinking to my coach
My Situation RN
eating leftover Taco Bell for breakfast
By being too horny
just doing what I do everyday after showering
shaving my pubes (badly)
pointing out a naked man to my family
calling out a logical fallacy of an ultra-nationalist on wechat
sounding like a nazi
bringing my mom to the auto shop and almost getting my car repoed
Ruining A Relationship The First Time
not masturbating for a week
falling in love, ruining a relationship, and hurting myself
Do I just give up or fight for him?!
PCB Florida 2005 Tried to give away a 18 pack of beer, Picked up a guy that just MURDERED a Cop.
having my niece bathe my fish
not cooking breakfast...on my anniversary
accidentally interrupting a drug deal
beating up a Chromebook
giving myself an EXPLOSIVE chronic illness and racking up $1000 doctor bill
thinking How I met your mother was two and a half men
thinking my mom was choking
accidentally posting through my friend’s acc on Reddit
basically setting a flash grenade off in front of my face
causing a friend to think I died
using conditioner on my pubes
During the most important final
pissing myself coming back from a walk
Today I fucked up by getting drunk and playing hide and seek
and my parents think I'm into frog urine
going to the gym and getting warts
walking in on a random lady in a changing room
getting my dog high on human poop
forgetting to do the dishes and trying to do them in my sleep, I think
being a horny gremlin
leaving a young afraid girl wanted help to walk her dog because the homeless dogs in our street. I didn’t get it until I left in a hurry.
giving homeless guy 5 bucks
eating more then the recommended amount of vitamins because I AINT no bitch
mistakenly believing exercise turns you on for nearly thirty years.
sending a message to the wrong person
showing my girlfriend what I got her for Christmas
trying to save a huge grasshopper’s life
becoming the front page on an adult magazine
trying to drink more water
causing a lot of pain in my core
going to the my manager office with the coronavirus
leaning against a fire exitdoor
realizing I wasn't supposed to wear pajamas to a career fair
sending porn to every member of my girlfriend's family.
trying to kill a wasp and having it fall in my shirt and sting me
wearing sanitary towels as sweat-guards in an interview
not pooping, while having allergies.
going indoor skydiving
showing my girlfriend nude photos
Got Intimidated by a client and gave him 40% off
letting my husband bring home a kitten
using secret talk in front of our older child
sharing a clip of a coach chastising a journalist for whining about letting one of his players take paternity leave to my wife. Who is infertile.
trying to make saliva popsicles
thanking my friend for her nudes
getting drunk and taking a shit on my way to the bathroom in my GFs grandma's house
telling an old man where the exit is
having bad vision.
Losing a Family Heirloom
doing molly with my 53 year old MDMA virgin boyfriend...
crashing a drone into my neighbours bathroom
Being in Toxic Relaionship &amp; ended up wasting my 4 years
farting in my pregnancy support group
finding an apple watch
blowing my dog
TDIFU by giving my friend aids
using Persil detergent pods
giving a stranger 25€
for making a neighborhood statement about the coronavirus
not realizing that everyone in the office could hear me say something suicidal out loud...and now everyone is very worried and look at me different
paying for my items on Valentine’s day
feeding seagulls Alka-Seltzer tablets
reversing into a cop car
waching Rape-porn
running up the stairs
dropping acid and blowing a blood vessel in my ass
almost burning my genitals with stew
accidentally telling my 6 year old step daughter I would leave her like her father did when she was 1.
Shaving in the Shower
tweeting about how my Best Friend's Girlfriend pissed me off.
thinking hummus was cookie dough
being caught by police trying to steal a local an oversized bauble from my local huge Christmas tree
bulk ordering 2020 calendars
laughing at my alcoholic uncle
emailing the wrong person
recalling my high school (not so) glory days.
getting high on weed TL : DR
I thought my teacher was talking to me but it turned out she WASNT talking to me...
confusing fake tan for lube and discolouring my dick for years to come (NSFW)
Failing to go to a Job interview
smoking a joint and drinking a tallboy on my patio
Being To Honest About My Misgivings
breaking my phone and getting lost for hours.
unintentionally exposing my family to my private activities
failing to stop my son escaping from toilet cubicle.
Direct Messaging Arnold Schwarzenegger by mistake.
playing the soviet anthem in my private school and now it is a public school
not drinking enough water
throwing out all my joint roaches
making a sarcastic remark and getting myself banned from r/aww
answering a robo call, then hanging up and texting the number
trying to find references for a drawing
sex sex sex sex boob ass blowjob orgasm puke sex sex oops sexy sex sex
leaving my search history on when my brother looked at my computer screen
for breaking a glass jar with heat
wanting my subway so bad my family now thinks I'm a sex crazed teenage beast.
because I published by AWS Keys on a private repository five years ago that recently became public due to my Github plan expiring.
not cleaning my keyboard for years.
joking to Border Security about being kidnapped
Today I managed to broadcast my partners orgasm
possibly (probably) got caught in the act
not using my brain to mouth filter on a flight to Hawaii with a lady I do not know who was terrified of flying
sending a pretty gross porn compilation to my WhatsApp group for Ramblers
The psychic encouraged me to do
forgetting to wash my hands
opening my fridge door
Went head first down the stairs.
showing my dick to my fiancée's family while I was on vacation.
walking in on my friends sister scerwing her boyfriend
take a crap in this guys yard.
fucking the absolute clot out of my girlfriend
ripping my asshole while trying to shave it with a drilling machine
getting roasted by Gilbert Gottfried
measuring an erection as a mass
Not Having a Better Hiding Spot
Old Nudes, Bad Memories
I took a lot of hydrocodone
not reading reviews on the monitor I bought.
forgetting that there are limits to what is acceptable in conversation
being trapped in dream limbo
bumping my dad’s car into another car.
I Accidentally Called An Elderly Man Racial Slur In A Store
taking a shit with my jacket on
telling my daughter her teddy bear is the color of sand.
accidentally showing my parents the sex toys I ordered NSFW
sending a pic of my bloody dick
Norton Tech☎+𝟏-(866)-266-6880 Support Phone Number- Call Now Norton Support
not doing my laundry for an embarrassingly long time
Was a pretty bad day being a cop
being a typical tradie and ignoring a problem. being a typical tradie.
(accidentally) commiting speciocide
shoving my massive 11 in cock into my gamer wife pussy
accidentally playing lesbian and explicit music in the car with my mom.
having sexy time with gf
checking my family’s shared Amazon account
ifu by introducing a friend of mine to another friend
Accidentally Taking a Compliment and Turning It Into an Insult
taking photos of phallic shapes at work.
accidentally getting my dad hooked on a book that will definitely get me grounded.
telling a homeless little girl no thanks I'm not hungry when she asked me for food.
getting scammed
Condoms are made out of latex.....I'm allergic to latex
having a bloodbath with the dog
thinking I was having a heart attack
telling a guy his kitten is very cute whilst it's dead on the ground
feeding coyotes that I thought were my neighbor’s dogs
trying to be funny and missing my chance with a crush
thinking my boyfriend couldn’t hear my flatulence for 3 years
writing a misleading title that frames something that's not actually a as a totally normal event that I would like some validation for
I'd  throwing out my harry potter book-
taking a shit during work
insisting I was gonna faint, then didn’t
Telling a Joke About Sucking Balls in a Job Interview
spend 800€ on things that are worth nothing
forgetting painkillers
Sleeping during Online Class in Google Meet
sending a NSFW picture to my dad.
confessing to my crush... kind of...
masterbating which resulted in my mum booking a doctors appointment for me tomorrow because she thinks I must just have a fever..
calling my girl the wrong name in bed.
cumming in a girl ~20mins ago.
RIPPING OUT MY PUBES
falling off of my skateboard three weeks ago and thinking nothing much of the pain in my ribs, because I’ve had worse...
getting my cat hopelessly addicted to earwax
asking a waitress to give me a blowjob
Today I fucked up my TV
taking Tylenol PM even though I know what it does to me
thinking I could beat a SUPERRRR hard MGS: TPP FOB &gt;:(((((
not following my brother and got “lost” for 7h
TweFU by ordering food from 2 places
pushing my limits of consciousness to the limit and it (probably) cost me my job.
Slid my hand through my wife’s legs while we were spooning
I had a car crash today
calling a friend “CCP’s bootlicker”.
seemingly following someone, getting pepper sprayed by them, and missing my final exam.
Calling Out Those Breaking Social Distancing Guidelines
entering the wrong locker room
screwing up my chance to turn my life around by throwing my work underwater, giving myself a concussion by being poor, and reading an email that shouldn’t have been sent to me.
dropping a boiling kettle, burning my foot
kissing my dogs butthole.
it appears I’m allergic to tingling tanning lotion.
getting the COVID-19 vaccine
getting my former flatmate a Christmas present
Talking dirty and calling myself a bitch
not taking someone showing potential self harm scars seriously
getting diddled by a spider
sharing my porn addiction with everyone on Twitter
quacking then throwing up on my Fiancé
Beating My Dad at LaserTag in front of his office
Stepping on Bubble Wrap Next to Rescue
asking a 4 year old his mom's Name
thinking it was normal to not taste after using mouthwash
"blowing" into a full milk container
when I accidentally took too many Vicodin from the pain I was in
recording a vulgar rap song as a joke then posting it for my hardcore Christian parents to listen to.
sleeping with the window open and posting on Facebook.
not knowing a unisex first name was a unisex first name and misgendering a recruiter
Test, please ignore
going to a "special" massage place
I made a big mistake and now I’m freaking out
making light of my teacher’s dead brother
not confirming my order with the waiter
letting my dad use my en-suite toilet
doing my job at the wrong time
Horse loving 3 yr old caught us having sex
saying “ok boomer” to my parents.
leaving the " dirty " note from my girlfriend in my pocket
singing girls just wanna have fun at karaoke
sweeping while angry
repeatedly closing an elevator door on a man in a wheelchair.
putting cabbage leaves on my sandwiches
I fucked it
going to the mall to get a massage.
making the classic "it's not a fart" mistake.
accidentally not getting killed in a car accident
not cleaning up my ex boyfriends cum socks
cleaning the house.
not confirming with a family member and made a giant mistake on their EDD claim form.
getting into TWO car accidents in one day
forgetting to prop open the bathroom door....
not being direct about sex
not getting my partner of 4 years (as of tomorrow) a birthday present, and posting it on Reddit.
unknowingly roasting my teacher on Zoom
drinking salt water
drinking cola light
having an anxiety attack during my AP test
asking my coworker to guess what today was.
trusting a random Facebook marketplace seller
finding a lost phone
browsing reddit while on a work call
watching Criminal Minds at 2am so I was scared af and couldn’t go to sleep easily.
sex
forgetting to remove the curse words in my story
allowing my cousin to touch my dong
sleeping during online class
drinking a Daddy Long Legs
stabbing a coke bottle.
agreeing to box a 6,5 giant and getting the shit beat out of me
smoking which resulted in getting stung by a venomous caterpillar
entering the bathroom while a guest was in.
holding in a sneeze so hard that I pulled a muscle in my leg making a library toilet look like a murder scene with a hand dryer
not realizing my new headphones auto turn on the mic during a zoom work meeting
drinking too much pee pee poo poo.
eating edibles for the first time and playing guitar.
ghosting a very hot girl
I will never sleep again...
telling my girlfriend that she had a spider on her shoulder.
taking out pent up anger on the wrong person, for no reason
"hanging out" with a coworker (NSFW)
eating too much. showcasing my period to my boyfriend and his parents
using a clean Portasan
letting my grandmother ruin my love life
My dad fainted today and was unresponsive for a little bit because of me
By showing the whole lunch room of seniors the whole of my ass
I Amy have damaged my liver by taking headache medicine and alcohol
not setting an alarm for petsitting
By trusting my brothers car
telling my mother where my personal journal, and sketch book are.
Applying to the Wrong Program
drunkenly thinking (as a woman) it would be funny to pee as a man
using a swiffer incorrectly
playing with my balls in the bath
chugging chocolate milk.
eating frozen candy
leaving my current job for a better one
Not understanding the WAP jokes
burning my Penis
mishearing the surgeon ask about my ski hobby during a case.
almost setting my neighbor's house on fire with a trashcan
eating too many prunes during a road trip
telling my team about the PEBCAK error
ignoring a person in need
telling a girl I liked her
saving softporn on my parents TV receiver
letting my pets stay at my aunts house
faking a squirting to make a random guy happy
Cheesecake Factory
meeting one of my favorite YouTubers
telling my famous aunt she got so much botox
accidentally creating pepper spray and gassing out my house.
indirectly calling my superior fat
being an incel
trying to eat a sub
looking at my crushes tik tok
drinking boiling hot water
eating raw pork
crying on the floor in front of black belts
starting a reddit war I will never win, I am a bad looser
telling my cousin I was ace..
helping my father dig up the backyard
getting arrested for auditing police
making a spelling mistake on my Oxford University application
pretending to have sex with my friends as a joke
shooting my load on my friends face.
taking acid, making all my housemates hate me, and not even getting high
giving a homeless man a home and making him homeless again. (Update)
getting high with friends and calling campus security and self-disclosing that I was smoking weed.
Suspended &amp; maybe for expired goods
buying something online without my mother's permission
locking up the basketball coach...
trying to move a spider, rather than squashing it
loosing my bank card in a dumb way
deleting some apps on my phone
using my house key to clean my herb grinder
dreaming about my elementary school friend, which ended ruining her marriage
falling asleep 15mins too soon..
accidentally getting a baby bird killed
Smoking weed with my dad...
a 2000$ wank.
leaving my cum sock on my bed.
French class funny story
taking out my P.E class.. and teachers
Today I fucked up by shoving a pencil up my classmates ass
for having a jacket that matched my seatbelt.
sending my mom a nude picture of a stranger
because I came back to social media after a 3 month Haitus
sending my homework to a classmate and putting a Watermark with the n-word in it, which he sent straight to the teacher
TUFU by telling my 6 year old son that his dog will die sooner than anticipated
sending a dick pick to the wrong person....
linking to a DIY adult toy on the news outlet I work for
jumping off the stairs
trusting my stomache
giving my butthole a minty fresh mauling
making spicy triple sec
hooking up with a Ben Shapiro stan. NSFW.
I used too not brush my teeth at all
Pinworm Date
Asking a female coworker if she is sick
responding to unsolicited nudes with an unsolicited dick pic
accidentally messaging my friend calling her a fat a** bi***
playing pornhub in the porta potty
forgot it was April fools day...
showing my small brother anime tiddies
Unsolicited singing for colleagues.
openin the work truck hatch while one of my collegue was tacking a sh*it in the back
thinking I could light a candle
not spellchecking a stupid meme I made that wound up making the front page. It's now my highest post ever.
17M) by saying “I know you (17F) need a hug” rather than “do you want a hug” (my intention)
going to Texas
joking about how fat I am
hello im new! help me
choking the chicken on the floor
Creating a River of 💩 in Our Airbnb House
being a lazy slob
being predictably feminist.
Swallowing Pepsi Wrong
drinking a 35 year old can of Coke.
calling my Mexican bf a little French boy
letting my little brother play on my computer
scaring a waking person
helping a crazy man
tickling my boyfriend's feet
trusting my co-workers
buying a watch worth 8.000€
I might be arrested for posting edgy stuff
sending a text meant for my wife to the recruiter I am speaking with during the last phase of my interview process.
exploding a box of packing peanuts at a clients home.
douching together with my date
driving into oncoming traffic. Because apparently one way roads are a thing.
because I accidentally put the sound from my porn video through a speaker right next to my mom.
accidentally showing Hentai to a friend
accidentally overdosing on caffeine
using bear mace as fruit fly killer
listening to reddit
fucking a DVD
Telling my Date about why I wasn’t drinking that week
decking a teenage boy and making him by me snacks
Twack from Bradenton fl
getting pranked by a 3 year old April Fools joke and wasting hours of my life
not logging out of Reddit on the shared work computer and now my coworkers know about the time I clogged the toilet on the train and had to push my shit down the drain with my hands.
breaking my left foot on my 21st birthday.
being oblivious to a friend hinting about romantic feelings
using siri for the first time in a while at the dinner table
not realizing that a meme could actually turn into intense sex
cussing in my Spanish meeting
for posting a rant on Facebook about some professor who harassed me in college
translating word to word from one language to another
Eating a Whole Pot Brownie Obliviously
I ACCIDENTALLY PLAYED A YOUTUBE INSTRUCTIONAL VIDEO ON FISTING FROM MY PHONE ON THE LIVING ROOM TV
being full of shit.
buying tickets to an event with 1 star reviews on yelp
my mask almost killed me
My MacBook was stolen by the world’s dumbest criminal; the police aren’t helping so far.
downloading adware through google play.
telling my brother his hero was sitting in the audience of a play
getting COVID TWICE and making the whole family isolate again
kicking a massive whole in my wall. kicking a hole in my wall by accident
wearing my dick cage to work, removing it to fap and then accidentally dropping it in the toilet
throwing out a bag of wires
stranding myself on a delivery job
asking my sisters for some sex
entering my full SSN details into a scam website
giving my father ice cream which had my cum in it and forgetting about it
automatically flushing a toilet
Making My Garage Smell Like A Rotting Carcass
finding out that I had over 75 malwares on my PC
spinning a pan
showing my Neighbor and his wife my Genitals.
sending a dick pic to the Facebook recruiter
I broke my parents marble peen ashtray
LPT:  showing a couple old ladies the GOAT
shoving a pencil up my ass and possibly causing an infection in my rectum
grabbing my 67 y/o mum's boob
forgetting my cousin’s last name.
pranking my Dad with a bad pun.
not liking Rslash YouTube videos
saving a cat which did not need saving
my relationship with my boyfriend
I decided to take on my grand babies cat that their mom got before thinking about it.
trying to make sure my roommate was okay
reminding my grandma her spouse died
allowing a female friend to sleep in my bed.
saying two transphobic slurs on an LGBT subreddit as a trans person
parking like an absolute idiot.
ending a professional call with "I'll hit you up."
sending a private message to my workgroup whatsapp group
accidentally flashing my gardener
getting a bunch of my friends to review bomb a resort's Facebook page because the owners were blatantly homophobic to me when it was actually a case of mistaken identity &amp; they did nothing to me
embarrassing myself in front of the members of 3 football clubs (and their parents)
not reading closely enough.
having access to my parents Amazon Prime
eating a ton of garlic before bed
accidentally spilling my drink on my cluttered desk.
having hot sex with my girlfriend
doing edibles and getting an allergic reaction
Meeting my old friend
trying to breaking my bread machine, a glass pan, and my glass oven door all in the same day.
Today i fucked up by quessing random credit card number by chance.
more like f***** up last night by not leaving when my family engaged in unpleasant conversation about my brother's gf
throwing away an unfinished hamburger in our dumpster
having sex for the first time (NSFW)
telling my friends I filled a sandwich baggy with lotion and stuck it between the mattress and fucked it
being bad at getting IDed
having a 1 night stand on Valentine's Day
accidentally commenting a roast in toast me instead of roast me...
Misread situation w gf and now she can hardly talk to me
reading my school schedule wrong
with a customer ordering
coughing in the middle of swallowing my tea and almost spewing tea on a customer
not flushing the toilet after masturbating.
showing my best friends mom's my tits. NSFW
accidentally ruining pregnancy reveal
texting my dad instead of my friend
Today I fucked up by hugging someone that wanted to do the elbow shake
when I got blocked by a girl because she didn’t read my last text in time
sending passive aggressive texts to my sister after she went back to college and made her cry
introducing my bf to Reddit.
for searching up the the answer I wanted to know.
insulting redditors instead of dealing with my depression
talking about a past suicide attempt with a side of humor
chipping a tooth in bed
introducing a card game to a 6 year old
Steam Mopping My Bunny's Pen
Today I fucked up by ignoring red flags in a guy I’ve been seeing.
not moisturizing (long story)
making the absolute worst possible joke in front of the absolutely wrong person.
having my girlfriend watch Togo with me.
zip tying my wrist to a car door as a joke
not listening to my OBGYN about a bump on my girly parts, huge mistake.
punching my mum in the face
not realizing my class mate only has one arm
(On Friday) IFU by talking in a baby voice with the mic on during my 85 person grad school Zoom class
having some “me time” (short)
Today I fucked up a friendship.
weeding my garden
insisting we have a three-legged coffee table
for getting caught sexting .
almost drowning my older brother deep inside an underwater cave somewhere in Mallorca
story
plugging a gas station toilet and leaving some lost hikers stranded
telling my friend he had a nice red rocket
pulling out half my eyebrow
accidentally sending my mom porn
running to put out a (BBQ) fire
not following lab instructions and convincing myself I'd lost my sense of smell
making a Insensitive joke in earshot of a teacher
playing with a laser pointer and nearly sent my high school into lockdown
asking a girl's chest size
not double checking my address
dropping my phone, trying to grab it,
eating psychedelic mushrooms and going to hell and back, nearly dying in the process (NSFW)
peeing on my friend
rubbing hamster piss on my face
witnessing my friend's set herself on fire trying to smoke a bong
not knowing what a sub was
buying a large hot choclate
Spamming my teachers grub
eating too many spicy noodles, then holding the aftermath in.
headbanging in the shower.
losing my virginity in the mall parking lot
causing a bunch of neckbeards to harass my girlfriend!
riding my 20yr old skateboard
eating prunes and using mouthwash
I watched porn
getting Shake Shack
my GF using her father's Walgreens rewards number.
losing me and my roommates rent money
looking through my pregnant wife’s phone.
and got a new tv and xbox
thinking I needed poison ivy to masturbate
reminding my vet they forgot to send me my dog’s X-rays
Failed Rickroll
writing my date of birth in an online reservation for a restaurant instead of the date I wanted to make the reservation
using my asthma inhaler
Searched up NSFW site on school laptop
reprimanding an employee for a mistake that wasn’t his fault.
trying to use the volume buttons on my phone to turn down the sounds of my grumbling stomach, then proceeding to cry when it wasn’t working.
assuming that "deaf voice" was just a "Canadian accent"
dropping a barbell on my foot
sending my condolences for someone who hasn't passed away yet
sparing an ant pile
failing to be a good boyfriend (T/W SEXUAL ASSAULT)
leaving a 91GB screen recording on my mac, thereby maxing out my hard drive space for a year and a half
using the same zoom link twice and catching my music teacher jerking off.
accidentally calling the cook at Five Guys remaking my burger a Dick
accidentally sharing my music with my middle school students
Jumping Over a Fence
trying to ask my parents about Capitol Hill
stealing an expensive fungus from a collector
getting my phone repaired.
Posts being falsely tagged as NSFW for clicks
making a ligma joke
burning my boob.
getting caught pissing in a sink in a public cafe restroom
(over)thinking my sound card died
taking a zinc pill on an empty stomach
update: I really did FU by getting myself pregnant
putting my apron in the laundry
almost killing my childhood friend
Let my very Christian dad know I masturbate in the worst possible way
inhaling a flame
Sending My Girlfriend A Video Of A Guy Touching Himself In Minecraft
stepping on the gas after hearing an explosion.
shaving shaving my beard after a girl I liked look right at my patchy bit
picking my nose after handling Habaneros
partying during quarantine and damaging my laptop
sucking on my brother's nuts
sexy sexing with a sexy girl and her dad?
TFIU by smoking weed on a work Zoom call
Faked being a different nationality for the accent to pick up chicks but now I’m in too deep.
searching for "bolle" on Google in front of my class.
getting sun stroke whilst on a date
shitting on my buddies girlfriends hair brush
watching porn in the bathroom while my dad walked in
wasting my money on the Steam Community Market.
almost dying of an allergic reaction.
really goin at it orally on my wife.
being dumped by a guy for the second time
Grass before glass for a reason!
unmuting my mic in class
losing bladder control in front of my landlord and his whole family
Today I fucked up by not getting enough sleep and accidentally convincing people I’m crazy.
trying to help potty train my toddler
following a tip I saw on Twitter
fuckup/10
By accidently eating my blister
I might have swallowed a small spider on accident today"
doing the sex with my partner when it was definitely not the time to be doing the sex!
x2 in the worst ways possible to a human being
being on my phone and watching my ex's tiktoks all dayGouged out my knee
not going to work and now my company thinks i have covid.
because my son misunderstood what I said about my friend's pre-teen daughter
accidentally inviting my housemate’s brother into the bathroom with me while I was in the shower
eating mysterious cookies in the freezer not realizing my Zoom audio wasn’t muted
giving my friend explosive (ya know)
accidentally making a friend think I send nudes to strange men on the internet
fucking up a month long friendship with someone who had a "crush" on me.
staining my clothes with cum and having to hide from my sister
nude snapchatting my sisters
putting my sourdough starter in a warm place
It was a Tuesday FU. But today I am living in hell.
letting my cousin give me a blowjob NSFW
having 6 cops and a K9 unit called on me
meeting my Hinge date after serious red flags
not hiding porn better when I was sixteen
missing exam
catching my sister having sex with my girlfriend
Tried to update my uber account information and accidently sent a nude
By not closing the window
spraying my date with poop and lube (NSFW)
watching anime with my wife
I accidentally told off my weed man on Facebook
getting a Halloween costume too late
when my girlfriend shouted at me "I HONESTLY CANNOT BELIEVE YOU SOMETIMES." I responded "That is why you fail."
walking down to the grocery store with my buttons undone and bra visible
By working late
Tofu by sex
because didn’t do anything but looking at druggies beating their dog from a car?
clicking on a suspicious looking link when a friend's mom was around.
not realising that by naming a familiar face with a smart doorbell, it will say the name text to speech when they ring. I only found out when my speakers and doorbell itself exclaimed that "Mr Fit Man Next Door is at the front door"
plugging my Zune into a friends computer. NSFW
Sex toys
resetting my e-mail password
Ok so I seriously feared for my life.
having my entire family witness me getting head in my car from my girlfriend (at the time)
living next door to my crush and not realizing it
not knowing the girl I like was Jewish
going to my brother-in-law's house
having my windshield replaced by a reputable company that ended with my car turning into a popsicle. using a reputable company to replace my windshield and getting locked out of my car.
Bathroom Buds
bringing the wrong dog home...
ruining my 2 year friendship my best friend.
driving much too close to the edge of a dam
accidentally making a ‘racist’ remark to my college professor.
liking dicks in and out
not responding to an email.
posting a comment that was funny to me, but ended offending the artist
anally masturbating before going running
God help me
submitting a maintenance request on a clogged toilet
nearly sending homemade porn to my boss's boss
Agreeing To Animate A Sex Movie
Eating food and having intercourses
a suggestion
searching my name on Reddit
Forgetting it is September
when my crush told me her ex had a bigger penis
Cuz' My Mom Probably saw me watching Porn
accidentally buying a shower *stall* curtain liner instead of a standard one
eating a green banana and Tesco came to get me for it.
telling my 8yo brother what "blowjob" means
in the shop by asking a black assistant "Do you have any vinegar" but I had a brain fart and accidentally paused after "vin"
getting excited for the holidays
playing GTA IV with my 6 year old sister
missing a $100 fee that has since cost me my entire savings, a job that I loved, and an additional $5,000
telling my Latin girlfriend that hates the term “LatinX” that she’s being “real Latin Xtra” today.
barebacking a girl who doesn't care about missing her period twice.
recording my nephew drinking his own piss
not remembering my PC hates hotkeys and ended up corrupting a recording
losing a possible friend.
Anti-squirrel juice made me cry
for twitching my elbow back at my dad when getting tickled
taking a piss at my girlfriends house
Lost access to my two-factor authentication app, when my phone started acting up.
doing the namaste sign to a Nepali man
thinking I didn’t exist
saying the wrong thing post-sex Kissing my Mom on the Lips
trying to draw with sharpies in my ass and damaging my rare vintage guitar in the process
sleeping with a married woman
accidentally posting in an infertility subreddit
becoming my own grandfather
not making sure that I was buying the correct software.
"experimenting" with myself
being both inexperienced and overly-excitable when it comes to soda pop machines.
trying to go outside
logging into a public account anyone can access, that was meant to be a social experiment.
trying to hit on my best Friend even when i knew she has a bf
doing drugs on a weekday that my parents weren't home
not reading through my answers twice
caressing my bf’s dad
My mom asked me what I thought of her red and green laser lights splattered over her house and I said I don’t really like that type of light because they look kinda tacky.
betraying my friends trust and telling a secret that wasn't mine.
pointing out something my friend's insecure about
not saving a 500 word essay
getting scammed with cryptocurrency by a Tinder match
yelling at a stranger on a dark road in the middle of the night
sending a voice message full of curse in watsapp group chat with the teacher in it
asking my family what they were planting
sharing intimate details about my sex life with my brother. (NSFW)
getting caught watching porn
thinking I have balls of steel but obviously don't and trapping myself and friends in a nightmare
Kkhggl
high kicking my own ass
Accidentally spicy up sexy time
Googling my wife's name.
wearing my earphones and watching a yt video while in a foreign country letting my mom smell my sex puddle
not having my zoom audio blocked
sending nudes to a girl i just met online
trying to attempt suicide
sinking my quad in a random creek
being sick
in his home gym, but it wasn’t all my fault
Talking about the Coronavirus at a kids bday
getting too drunk with my friends and then completely destroying my girlfriend's bathroom
calling my wife a hippo
drinking Kratom on a date
not putting a onesie or pants on my kid
stopping next to an old lady on my bike ride
calling my uncle a mfer
contacting a woman whose pictures were stolen, leading her to believe that I'm the one who'd stolen them
leaving my butt plug on a pile of laundry
getting a old woman stuck in a ditch.
trying to play it too cool
flooding my grandmothers house using my nut
tipping the school principal that Mr. Bean was staying at our house for the weekend
accidentally telling my 4yr old a dirty joke
testing the validity of a friends porn site theory
Wubby
telling my fiancé a pun during sex
pissing myself at my brother's wedding
almost swallowing one of my airpods pro while sleeping
Lost my Files of two years
being too honest with my boyfriend
I Took LSD And Went To The Zoo
letting my dog have a little extra dinner
being a lazy ass student
telling my mom to cancel her lottery participation
sleeping with female and straight telling my gf about it
I Had A Fight with A Very Good Friend and said a lot of hurtful stuff while being drunk. Now she isn't replying to any of my apologies for the last 2 weeks.
finding the crosspost button on new reddit after asking /r/tooafraidtoask if there was one
not telling my gf I was uncircumcised
reading a Facebook post to my parents
trying to play matchmaker with my favourite Twitch streamer
look at the front page of this subreddit right now
accidentally sending a insult to what I thought were scammers
not checking my headphones for earwigs
laughing and sniggering uncontrollably during the Armistice day 2 minute silence.
not taking my foot away when the guy sat in front of me gently stepped on it
Any buffer advice???
locking myself out out of the house and climbing neighbour's fence in my PJs
making a joke in Science class
HAd to give myself an in home enema, almost passed out etc.
giving my husband’s bosses a hearty peep show
falling on a a treadmill in a gym.
possibly sending porn to my brother
leaving my 7 month puppy alone while I took a nap.
Almost murdering myself with accidental chloroform.
politely offering sex to my Chinese teacher
missing my singing for Christmas.
masturbating at school
not taking inventory of my belongings
entering my flatmate's room
when I the wrong thing in a zoom interview
kicking my friend in the leg
Calling my gym teacher a peto
Soo my girlfriends out of town...
Ignore The Pain In My Lower Back
opening my vacuum sealed mug
dumping a bucket full of hydrochloric acid all over myself
destroying my eardrum in a really idiotic way. unconsciously "stealing" from my boss
not checking if i pooped myself
breaking my toe playing with my sons' new VR
almost giving myself carbon monoxide poisoning trying to cook a loaf of bread
putting an engine in the back of the car.
By making a joke about my black friends mom
telling my girlfriend about how I’ve been drinking
trying to be a good dad.
not telling my client that our meeting is going to be online
making my whole family think I was gay.
trying to seduce a guy at the gym.
when I accidentally cut my boyfriend’s Penis **NSFW**
Today I fucked up by developing an allergy to ants
logging onto Reddit...
taking a picture of my asshole
leaving my “brewing” fertilizer in the garage with the garage door closed in the Texas heat.
buying a shirt with a horrible, disgusting, racist movie reference (and nearly showing my boyfriend)
drinking too much and breaking my face
Visited friends with problems
Whiskey in my nose
Free iPhone Xs &amp; iPhone Xs Max Mockup PSD Set - Good Mockups
chili juice entered my privates
Tofu by squirting the lotion directly on the back
snitching about a crazy person
Telling My Aunt to Basically Get Over Herself
Microwave v chick-fil-a
using a “younger sister” as a pickup line... but i don’t have a younger sister
Trying to Pick Up My Mom
I glitch out of a vr event I’ve been looking forward to for over a month, I didn’t realize how to get back in
wanting to hug my grandma
Time I fucked up and bad my mom throw out my smart TV and a good sum of cash...
clogging my best friends toilet during her birthday dinner
accidentally showing naked pictures of my wife to my boss
having hope on an old friend
posting a status on Facebook
TIFUpdate: my old sister and my brother in-law are getting a divorce
needing to use the restroom.
accidentally exposing myself to a group of kids
reading a redditors comment aloud and ruining a delicious home cooked meal
setting up a tent in my little backyard and sleeping overnight outside in it with my house bound bored kid(5) to entertain, only for a heavy rain storm event (20mm in 9 hrs) to soak our tent out, and flood the inside. Didn’t check the weather, now my kid may never want to camp again.
being all friendly to a woman and her baby
sending a message to my son instead of my best friend.
Ate so many biscuits I threw up
shaving my pubic hairs
yelling at the women's rugby team like dogs
letting my balcony door open.
for wearing my broken belt.
calling 2 of my teachers fucktwats
playing Zelda : Ocarina Of Time the wrong way
making mom cry
cancelling my phone insurance and then breaking my phone.
trying to fix my hair
while going down on the missus
wearing socks on the stairs
giving my wife a BJ
failing my Exams/Coursework. So I got screwed with results yesterday (UK) and I now can’t do the degree I wanted and it all feels like it’s over and I have no options.
emailing my online order to my bosses email
shitting my pants in public
Today, I really fvcked up
thinking my colleague was asking if I was Gay
Colonoscopy Cuddle
having an ass-slappingly good time in Walmart
Driving my car anddd
leaving wasabi out on the counter while I ran out to pick up my husband from work
trying to give my s.i.l sex advice
being a spazz to a coworker
ringing the doorbell at 1am even though I had a key
accidentally peeing on the floor
trying to cheat on my wife
putting silly putty on my eyebrows
going on a GTA heist
forgetting to bring my topical ointment to a doctor's appointment
accidentally jacking off my dog
parking my truck on top of some dried leaves and catching it on fire
leaving a floating King Kong’s finger
giving my Sister in law a bag of dicks for Christmas
having Shake Shack for lunch
potentially find a scary/illegal site
Literally just got denied by the girl I liked and I thought she liked me.
falling in the shower and breaking my arm while dancing
blurting out what I got my mom for Xmas, when checking the shipping
encouraging my partner try Da Bomb hot sauce
I broke my phone and probably wont get a replacement
making a joke about me being black (I’m white) on my first day of college and now everybody thinks I’m racist
falling off a skateboard and ripping my foreskin
Pregnancy Craving Edition
breaking loads of alcohol bottles
desk my SO and I bought 2 months ago fell apart, have to order a new desk.
getting kicked out of the house on Mother’s Day.
waiting for my partner to finish work
cooking and working during my lunch break.
I accidentally told off my weed guy on Facebook
showing my sister a picture on my phone.
As an Irishman visiting Papau New Guinea. I scared a tribe of native Papauns, who believed I was a ghost due to my extra pale skin and blue eyes.
inspecting my dick
accidentally breaking into the local jail
offending my cat
texting while biking.
my left pinky
jumping off a deflating water slide and almost breaking my back/getting spinal damage.
unknowingly asking an off-duty cop for a handjob...
faking a diary entry
Finding a Tick on my Dick
accidentally killing a bird
leaving my”toy” on the bathroom counter
being nice to an old man
chopping spicy peppers before s*x
taking care of my gf's dad's kitty.
purchasing a rock tumbler to pass the time in quarantine
alienating my specialty mechanic by not being sensitive enough to their needs.
calling my black geometry teacher "boy"
"inventing" a new illness.
trying to take a bath
making my friends, boyfriends grandma thinking that he is cheating on her
trying to spare my wife, and saying her cooking was great.
sending a NSFW Snapchat to the boys instead of my girlfriend.
giving my 11th grade Math teacher a “funny” nickname
Snapchat troll
getting stuck in the bathtub and having to be lifted out by two firemen and then I peed on myself
getting scratched by an undetonated explosive of some kind
changing the permission of my workplace Server
So I Accidently Asked My Crush Out but It Went Right and Wrong at the Same Time and Many Unexpected Things happened
being on reddit for eleven years.
joking around then losing the right to see my child
sitting in Jon Voight’s bourbon.
making a bad sexist joke to my S/O.
I wiped my arse
taking senna tablets instead of caffeine tablets
thinking a woman was a boy, and groping her boob. (kind of NSFW, though it happened at work)
letting some kids at the mall use my cellphone
I got drunk last night and dislocated my left hand pinky and my right hand has a finger that's bent. Will I be able to not have to tell people who don't need to know?
when I suffered from an anaphylaxis (severe allergic reaction) during a threesome.
eating a few to many jalapeños
going through r/conspiracy
searching for pictures of Kenyan tribe people in a fairground themed pool.
having sex in a shower.
having sex in a car and being caught by cops
learning motorcycle driving and went into incoming traffic in a curve (near death experience)
having a poo in a zoom meeting
attempting to take a bullet through airport security on my way back into the US.
having sex with my stepsister
sharing the bed with my wife
telling my (f) bf that I had a bat dick
Don’t keep you phone in hand while panicking
scratching my balls during my grandmother's funeral
getting scammed out of $315
eating a cheese pizza
spreading my atheism into workplace.
getting my wife pregnant while I am unhappy with her
Mẹo học tiếng anh hiệu quả đến từ HomiesMOS
getting stuck in an automatic car wash
sending a section of a satirical novel to my editor.
I nearly brained my pets with the heaviest book I own
trying to save money replacing my own headlights
Not Buying A Bus
using a really inappropriate virtual background in class.
trying to help my mum
drinking too hard on my quarantined birthday
blowing up the school laboratory and almost half the school
Buying festival tickets on the weekend my dad is throwing my mom a huge birthday party.
meeting Harry Styles
mispronouncing a word as a racial slur
causing mass hysteria while eating some fries
being extremely clumsy around my computer
ordering biweekly groceries... while experiencing sugar withdrawals
trying to prank my friends
I need your help!
vaping a heroic dose of a psychedelic, getting but ass naked, and rubbing baby oil all over myself
What secret are you willing to share anonymously?
thinking I can handle legal weed from a dispensary because I’ve been fine smoking the weed back home.
trying to work thru a pulled muscle
giving a computer to a stranger
blowing a load too early
taking too many melatonin supplements
abt wiping my nose
making a spell to attract ladybugs
وفاة الدكتوركمال الجنزوري وهو صاحب فكرة الخطة العشرينية
wanting a milkshake
When I Fake Moaned on the Phone with My Mother
when I wanted some peace and quiet
throwing away my wacom intuos box, not knowing that my SBD key is there.
telling my little sister that Silksong was coming out by her birthday
Getting my wallet stolen immediately after withdrawing my stimulus check
posting a stolen youtube thumbnail on reddit
not checking my water shoes
being too arrogant to crushes crush and losing in tennis
telling the whole mall that my dad was illiterate
giving my contractor my keys
accidentally making fun of someone with polio
Didn’t take the drugs and needed up messing up my butthole.
not liking the taste of wine
losing a fight with a spider
accidentally giving myself an enema and trusting a fart
and was the first locked out of my room in University
leaving all my laundry detergent in the laundry room
making my family believe we have a ghost in the house
getting banned by a sub using a quote from Mean Girls.
calling my mom a motherfucker
Locked myself in the 24/7 gym and can't get out also homeless.
accidentally sending an inappropriate message to my boss during training
helping an elderly man make a drug deal
TYPO: I told my current boss that I hope her husband wasn't..
Looking Up My Dad's Criminal History
wearing earbuds while sharpening knives
Might get fired
yeeting my girlfriend off the bed
using an orange peel as toilet paper
missing a call. It was their last attempt and courtesy call before they closed my file. My car no longer has a warranty, and it doesn’t even have 5000 miles on it yet :(
moaning after peeing
By telling my wife she stinks
inviting my parents to vacation with us
being too shy/awkward in a professional setting
not registering a car and then blowing it up (unintentionally)
Bird "tale" embarrassment
I ate candy I found in a drawer
rickrolling myself a year into the future hurling a book on the floor in front of a member of parliament
spilling my bosses coffee on company laptops and then accidentally offering oral.
searching for vibrators, leaving the tab open for my mother to see
giving my brothers The Talk
setting my WhatsApp profile picture to an edit of me, my sisters and my cat.
fainting in front of my urologist
because my brain won't handle being pissed
being an awkward human being
confusing my current girlfriends piercing placement with my ex’s piercing placement.
losing $2000 in 5 minutes at the roulette table.
a grilled cheese
Forgot to take my retainer
accidentally showing my boyfriends mom my nudes
kissing my boyfriend
trying to fish a dust pan out of the dumpster
calling a student by their chosen name.
getting declaring war on a bully
burning and consequently ripping the skin off the palms of my hands.
I attempted my own finger surgery.
sleeping with a direct report and having it reported to HR
searching "large black and white nipples" instead of "large black and white ripples"
By storming out of the house after an argument with my wife and forgetting my wallet.
forgetting I was ALREADY on mute.
TIFI by walking in on my parents
almost destroying my sisters house because I sleep walk.
trying to impress my crush.
trying to flavor my soda stream water.
I accidentally flashed my stepbrother
for buying my husband new boxers and a favorite food he’s been craving.
losing my weed and having it turn up later.
PLEASE READ ALL - IN DESPERATE NEED OF HELP
playing the Tooth Fairy
asking a classmate for homework help
Trading Cards with a Potential Drug Dealer
trying on a suit jacket shirtless
Predicting theLatest Mandalorian Episode
making my manager think I'm a racist.
gossiping about the new girl, making a giant pener out of myself, and potentially ruining one of my closest friendships.
making a moaning sound in a Zoom class
telling the girl I'm dating, who recently had a breast enlargement, that I'm looking forward to XXL portions on the weekend, when we meet again
giving myself the power of anonymity/ talking to my ex's brother/ existing with my naive-ness
inviting the janitor to look at my turd.
eating hot chips the night before my 18th birthday
leaving my laptop unlocked, which allowed my dissociative identity to use the internet
and ruined masturbation for myself
assuming I was home alone
Telling My Parents What I’m Studying in School
putting something in a garbage bin.
misreading the date and thinking we wouldn't come out of lockdown until November 2023
confusing a suitcase with a toilet
letting someone else drive my car and forgetting about local wildlife
leaving out a note that my friend wrote to me with "no homo" written in it
accidentally smelling cocaine.
telling by BF (M33) that he could feel me up if I am asleep
talking my boyfriend out of wanting the iPad I was going to surprise him with for Christmas
deleting all the tasks our math teacher gave us for home school
giving a girl gas money
being careless and unintentionally bringing my phone to an A-Level Examination. (didn't get caught)
telling my crush I like her
sending an anon cake with my full details.
telling my friends my reddit username
leaving an enormous dildo and other sex toys in the bathroom for my grandmother to find
bringing a dog to an ashes scattering ceremony
making everyone think I want to secretly be a girl
Getting On The Wrong Side Of a Bull
showing a mean letter to someone I hates best friend
wasting the Midas flopper.
putting my car key onto of my car and having to Uber home
thinking a professional interview was also a mature interview.
Would you rather
getting home late from a beach trip, getting handsy during Shark Week, and chugging lemon juice.
deleting my game right after it took a week to download.
not being "girlie" enough to buy make-up
accidentally making gas
FIFU by teaching my kid how to train cats.
asking my girlfriend how I looked.
releasing bodily fluids on my boyfriend
Do you want a safe travel during COVID-19?
feeding my dog food he was allergic to for years.
asking my sister if she was still going to therapy
wearing a strapless dress!
trying to buy cute panties for my GF and the old lady at the shop not believing me
working on my guitar
asking POC if they were going to rob me
confessing I use adult diapers
putting my daughter to sleep every night.
asking an elderly woman why she can't get more pictures of her dead relative.
not muting my mike
probably contaminating my bf with covid-19
calling my teacher a bitch.
misreading the price tag
showing my friends what kinda porn I watch
Im now the asshole to the new neighbors
taking a massive sh*t, ripping my ass, and clogging the toilet
smelling my bfs butt
Stepping on a roofing nail chasing an escapee
covering my nipples
doing the Gooba Gooba with my dog
asking our new barmaid when the baby was due.
Giving Sugaring a Try
getting caught with weed and being suspended probably expelled from my boarding school
taking an odd job that led to them wanting me to sleep with an old lady
taking photos of another boyfriend's gridfriend too much
writing things on my notes and losing my best friend of 10 years
punching my cat
not checking my microphone during a meeting
unknowingly flashing my boyfriend’s step brother
forgetting about my newfound lactose intolerance
having a pillow harem
forgetting my SO was having lunch with his grandma
causing a student to faint while reprimanding him after he laughed at a smart board drawing I made that looked like a cock and balls.
believing that Trump was on a ventilator
making my therapist think that my father grows pot.
My chance at law enforcement and made the man u looked up to think I'm awful
parking in Section C
asking a customer to pull up their mask
flashing my HUGE BOOBS to my neighbor
Tldr,  getting glass in my eye
earn money quickly and free
Airpod falls, shitty mistake
being a failure
not going fishing with my family
going barefoot and electrocuting myself on a water spigot
I think my sister caught me......
In-flight Snack
Delaying a $5 million mission
I think you guys heard of this before.
when I told my friend his girlfriend was hitting up on me
masturbating after eating takis
scaring my sisters best friend
forgetting to save a post and loaing it.
clearing miscellaneous files on my phone.
making my physiotherapist hate me.
underestimating the strength of a horse.
not censoring my dark humour around my girlfriend's parents
not checking a water bottle at the gym
checking out a junior in high school
telling my all my nursing cohort, instructors and dean I wanted to have sex
:|
saying "come on big girl" to a self conscious girl
accidentally calling the woman I love babe in front of her husband
giving my mom my personal journal
not knowing Snoop sang Drop It Like It's Hot
SENDING MY CRUSH A NSFW VIDEO
pissing off my friends by insulting their instrument families
making a dinner for my boyfriend
believing the actual height of the "low clearance" sign
not liking and commenting on the most hilarious post i have seen on reddit
tearing my asshole
saying into a little girl's ear "I hope she gets the cucumber" while her mother watches in horrer
poisoning my own cup of tea
knocking down and breaking all of my teachers framed photos of her family
trying to be a good barista
A bad timed laugh
having sex with a water jet.
asking someone if they had drugs (as a joke)
ticking my head under the water in my bath without plugging my nose
leaving lesbian webpages open with my buttplug in plain view and my mom who doesn't know i'm lesbian walked in
ejaculating for the first time in my life
laughing at a racist meme on Facebook
letting my ego get in the way
thinking I got covid from eating tortilla chips
losing my virginity to a die hard Christian before marriage
not setting boundaries to my mums tidying up
fist-bumping a customer that didn't want to be fist-bumped
letting a stranger shoot my gun.
destroying someone’s haul in Sea of Thieves
showing my divorced father a Phil Swift meme
peeing on a wee-wee mat to show my new dog how to do it.
selling Tesla stocks to early
thinking my brother was trying to annoy me
showing hentai to people I don’t know
opening up a subreddit dedicated to a pornstar at the DMV.
not locking the fucking door :)
being too optimistic, flirting with one of my now ex-best friends, not responding well to rejection, and losing said best friend
masturbating so much that my balls rotated.
throwing blood against the wall
The day I wore the wrong coat to the Ann Frank House
Givin the globes a trim.
being right
faking a marriage proposal with my new(ish) girlfriend and sending it to my family group chat as a prank
R/
almost crashing an airplane
calling my mom, and making it sound like I was going to kill myself.
Knocked my friend out three times and turned him into a tank.
NOT sending a message to myself.
having sexy sex with my sexy girlfriend while being sexy.
asking someone for their food...in a weird way
making my friend say a slur that I didn’t know was bad.
holding a roly poly
masturbating with headphones in my room
forgetting an important client meeting then permanently stained thier carpet
sending my Dad and sister a photo of my junk
asking my nephew for a funny story about my dad for Dad's eulogy
calling the girl I really like a sociopath
reading a comment in a post about queefing.
Accidentally almost blinded my sister on purpose
showing my mom’s dildo to her whole work conference
sneaking into my old apartment
searching for the perfect gif of my work computer.
shitting myself while trying to fart infront of a friend
sending a cat over the Rainbow Bridge with one final message.
fighting bubble wrap
chugging some chocolate milk.
wore brothers fap sock to school
getting my engagement ring fully stuck
calling a Non-binary person a completely random word
forgetting about power buttons
misunderstanding a text leading me to see a movie that my dad that he wanted to see without him twice
not telling my best friend I liked someone
telling a girl who likes me that I like a boy
accidentally sending a blurry dick pic to my friend who is about to come over.
eating expired Rohu eggs.
TIFUpdate he is actually ddosing me and hes gonna turn my internet off anytime soon
and inhaled some ants
Greed made me blind and in the end I lost 350$ due to it.
guessing Portuguese words
slowly moving out
spilling coffee on myself during online meeting
forgetting about chewing gum stuck in my mouth and swallowing it with Laddoo (food)
accidentally revealing my girlfriends real sexuallity to her best friend
interviewing for a job I’ve been doing for a year...
I have wireless earbuds but the things holding in the squishy part fell off so I have to put that in my ear and then the actual earbud but then I fell asleep with them in and now its stuck way deep in my ear. help.
getting into anal masturbation as a guy
becoming a transphobe
My friend never updated the mirrored sliding closet door in his home office
buying soap
watching a lets play on YT with a sadhapppy ending (IDK it was wierd) .Then rewatching a show from my childhood
sneezing while in the shower
thinking my dog respected my privacy
accidentally updating my Reddit app
becoming extremely sleep deprived and mixing medication which resulted in the single most terrifying day of my life.
saying “ I got called into work,” and accepting to go on a date
having sex with my sisters best friend.
trying to hide my girlfriend in the closet from my dad
shitting on my housecoat
teaching my 2.5 yo daughter to “Make it Rain”.
being drunk and bipolar in Hawaii
My friend thought the letter I gave her was from a stalker and called the police
punching a stranger in the tit
doing a stupid fistbump thing with a friend/ex-crush
robbing children of their Innocence.
making my friends think I sharted
saying I love you to my boyfriend's cat before saying it to him
jerking off infront of security cam and sending the video to devs to "help improve services"
getting a marble up my ass.
I embarrass myself in front of my dentist
throwing away 2 hard drives.
responding to the story
almost) by doing thing where you make mustard gas with your dick
putting on pants
whispering the word peanuts to a female.
2 years ago..
accidentally sleeping with my girlfriends best friend.
pranking my classmate with a song that has her name.
sitting on my foot
relying on my peripheral vision
wearing a small shirt
accidentally making colleagues assume someone was attacking me in my house.
Tofu by not knowing a very common phrase
not washing properly &amp; burning the hell out of my vagina!
playing Among Us on my phone
not realizing a unisex first name is in fact a unisex first name and putting my foot in my big, stupid mouth
getting tiger balm on my vulva
forgetting to save my post and losing it.
almost starting my house on fire
Walking up the stairs
insisting that some stranger looked like Quentin Tarantino and now I’m having a Tarantino overdose
slicing my finger real good with scissors
burping my GF
nearly killing myself every time I made toast
making an off-color remark about a student's death
picking up my cat.
Today I fucked up by trying to socialize on Facebook
chugging coffee
keeping my phone in a fanny pack
Today I lost my 679 days streak on khanacademy.org
throwing water accidentally
eating my ex roommates after she ate tacos bell
not knowing I've been cursed with the Hell's Itch
Literally just now.
MASTURBATING with TOOTHPASTE...
studying computer science at my home
fatfingering a button
Deleting My Novel
A two part video series ruined my childhood and now I’m irrationally paranoid
pooping
sharing my opinion
Misreading a Question
forgetting time zones exist
For all that's good and pure in the world, please don't mix pills in one bottle.
accidentally using bleach on a painting
taking a bath, which led to spending V-Day with my SO rubbing antacid all over me.
inadvertently showing my boss I actively use PornHub
unlocking my phone in a mental health facility.
pissing on my cat
setting an alarm on my phone and broke it afterwards.
when my boyfriend’s mom found my nudes
making 3 cars crash
taking fake lsd
selling my dresser full of adult items
trying to save my phone from falling to toilet
trying to cut my own hair.
eating the corrupted Cheezits
using a condom that contained latex..
being sexually extorted
showing off phone case
almost tearing a hole in my septum
LPT Look into the toilet bowl as you pee so you don’t piss on your cat
when my wife found my porn downloads
NSFW/Gobbling that resulted in a teabagging
putting Polysporin on a ton of bug bites
Pretending to feed ducks
writing erotic fanfiction on a notepad, which I then left on a table.
Misjudging the Squeakiness of My Bed
getting what I ordered
having sex in the car at a parking lot which I thought was closed
drunk dialing my parents last night
walking in on my mom giving a BJ
dropping my AC out the Window
accidentally letting my dog rip a mouse to peices! :(
leaving food our
I got knocked out by my Dog...
crashing 90+ computers throughout my district
starting a new job where my direct supervisor is a tinder fling from a few months ago, and calling him out on it.
reporting a post on social media for misleading content and potentially getting my dumbass fired.
mixing up my social groups at work...
accidentally telling my dad that had a wet box
By confusing my bfs balls with someone else’s
calling 911 on my brother
letting my dog eat an edible
Cumming from gf's blowjob in front her little sister(unknowingly)
We come in peace
taking a piss in my girlfriend's house in something that wasn't a toilet
discussing religion with my family
jokingly calling my girlfriend my "daughter"

licking my boyfriend's bellybutton
accidently puttning on loud porn in The local store
sexing sexy sex tityying ass tit penis awesome sex
Do y’all wash your reusable bags? Like the fabric ones
giving my dad my ice cream
trying to prove cartoons wrong
saying my ex-girlfriends name at my wedding ceremony
not planning about sleep
giving my friend the D
saying I “didn’t see the problem” with hardcore Nazi support
going numbah two in a plastic bag
being tall.
getting fingered
wearing glasses over my mask
trying to quickly excuse myself from a conversation
accidentally making my family listen to pink guy
chewing instead of swallowing
six year thinks bat's are fake.
calling my gf heavy
dropping my diploma at graduation.
falling on top of someone in the street
at a casino, with an unstartable car and a discarded ice cream
trying to transport a dead dog
I should’ve read his post more closely
not knowing what being blue balled meant
joining a tournament and having to fight two of the best teams right from the start
insensitove to a quadriplegic
linking to a joke subreddit about kittens, getting temporarily suspended from reddit for sexualizing minors, causing my roommate and his gf to think I'm a pedophile, and now I'm anxiety ridden and looking into getting a lawyer so this doesn't somehow ruin my life.
not bringing paperwork with me
Made the spiciest chili
Forgetting I Can't Take Long Walks
Pinching Off My Piss Stream
getting stuck in a swing
Cv
By turning my bike to quickly going down hill
Aunt caught me and my cousin having the devils tango
making my wife think she miscarried
Bye bye 1k
My sister went DUMPSTER DIVING
accidentally stealing from a store
starting to catch feelings for my best friend
discovering the StupidSlutsClub subreddit
I opened A coke by instinct
attempting to steal a couple LEGO figures from a store.
for saying I’m against killing anyone, even slavery advocates.
almost getting T-boned by a cop.
Addressing the Wrong Name on a Linkedin Message to a Grad School Recruiter
eating and taking a shit
accepting water
Doing the deed at work (NSFW)
handling chili spices after defeating a soda cork
being brutally honest with my wife...
drunkly trying to set a spider free and almost (potentially) killing myself
Telling a customer I love her
snorting white powder and making my whole family think I'm a cokehead
having a dream my dream girl was my girlfriend and telling everyone
and used hair remover lotion on my dong. (21yo btw)
flashing an entire subway car my underwear
listening to music and not noticing someone following me home.
seeing a girl that looked cute from far away then realizing she was underage as she got closer
smoking weed out of the evidence locker in the 70s and having 13 drinks today
answering a call thinking it was another bot call...it wasn't
looking towards another passengers legs
ruining an oil painting ive spent 2 days on because i dont understand How glass works
lying about my operating system of choice
chatting up my manager leaving my therapist a voicemail
trying to groom my dog myself
I finishing inside an old and unwashed sex toy (NSFW?)
putting my book in a bag
having a wank
organized a group of people at work to challenge fine print in our compensation policy.
swallow some wet plastic bonder
not realizing that coochies can (and will!) burn
throwing my shoe at a duck
confusing smell and sound while watching porn really loud.
I broke a tooth in the stupidest way possible
Yesterday (The Beatles)I trusted someone and they told everyone my crush please help :(
brewing a silent alarm on accident
cutting down (2) white pine trees over 100 feet tall... on earth day.
Not Double-checking My Work
going to work
ordering dinner after losing my virginity
impaling a bit of dirt in my eye under bit whilst gardening...
submitting my exam an hour before class
jerking off too hard and breaking the toilet paper, therefore cumming on my face.
clickbaiting the World
I splotched my better half with salty nastiness in bed
going onto a weird ass furry tiffing gif subreddit  going onto a weird ass furry yiffing gif subreddit
mistakenly sending a Link w a dick pic to my coworkers
keeping my dead dad in the kitchen
giving my f buddy a f’d up haircut
biting my dentists finger
opening my oven with my head over the top while it was at 250 degree C (482F) and full of steam.
peeing a bladder worth of pee on myself in a crowded bus
I fucked up in class.
breaking lockdown and accepting a blow job from an older woman
saying something very embarrassing in a mens bathroom that I will surely regret tomorrow.
leaving my car running while working.
for message hot things an a girl like a stupid
waving at a stranger who wasn't waving at me
having hot sexy sex penis pussy cum etc
kissing my sons finger better.
confessing to my girlfriend that I had sexual relations and feelings for family members in my past and now she’s disturbed and uncomfortable with it all. I want to know whether her break up with me for that is a legitimate reason or rationale. Please help.
Talking About Sex Dreams
accidentally playing porn in front of my whole family
shaving!
now knowing what the definition of a short answer is.
turning my anus into a whack-a-mole game
twerking in front of my boss
mistaking a balloon for a bat
unintentional sexual innuendo at corporate workplace.
slipping on my dogs pee and ruining antiques
girlfriend’s partner-controlled vibrator fell out during dinner with coworkers
calling my dog a pet name
trying to rub down my sore legs with a liquid muscle rub
I learned what urine tastes like
accidentally killing a bird.
Sending a Giant Dragon Emoji to Someone Confessing a Heroin Addiction
asking my nan to moan for me
not caring about my body and possibly stunting my growth
ruining my gran's funeral
at the gym for asking a guy with a mental health dog: "What's up with the dog?"
(finally) having sex after my prostate biopsy
nutted and shitted in a public pool during a business trip
Let's boycott Amazon, Apple, and Google in support of Black Lives Matter. Maybe they'll listen to the three most powerful companies on Earth
sending a nude to my roommates
somehow overstretching when I woke up, causing a disturbing cracking sound at the base of my skull
getting drunk on wine and having sex with a guy (32M) while my roommate was sleeping in the room.
sharing a fanart with my friend.
teaching the wrong class
reading too fast and getting important information wrong and that's gonna cost me money
getting to drunk and having a one night stand gone wrong. NSFW
didn't pay attention to movie and paid the price
trusting my BFF while being drunk!
being on a terrorist watch list toe punting my cat in the face
underestimating my daughter
Got a DUI
leaving the keys in my bike lock
accedentally burning my pen*s
technologically cock-blocking myself
cheating on my girlfriend and failing miserably at the same time
shoving something in my ear that shouldn't have been there.
oiling the garage door before deciding to masturbate
My boyfriends mom
enraging the parents of my girlfriend by pretending to not know what a potato is.
taking my girlfriend’s virginity
trying to Wax my own eyebrows
letting a bunch of high school kids know I watch porn
accidentally getting Salonpas all over my genitals.
assuming THC gummies were like fruit snacks.
being pro masks
accidentally sizing up
asking a new co-worker if he was DTF and getting reported to HR for sexual harassment.
assuming soap was stupid and testing my blood sugar after using a vitamin c cream. I will now forever associate washing my hands and Mint Milano cookies with with possibly killing my unborn child.
asking my daughter if she liked sucking the salt off her dad’s nuts. (Must read for context)
choking on a jalapeno
thinking that mustard was a liquid cheese sauce
buying birthday balloons for my daughter
miss spelling horror in a gmail to my teacher
speaking to my ex-girlfriend’s friend who made me fully realize that I destroyed our relationship and made me realize I’m a shitty person
applying for jobs with the wrong resume.
trying to seduce a foreigner
misunderstanding the top comment on a meme and smashing my phone
So today my sister had some friends over, they’re about 10 so still innocent. So my dad and I make a lot of jokes to a normal person would be absolutely inappropriate...
venting on a Discord server
thinking I could do math
throwing out her toothbrush for the second time
playing this video on max volume.
running around my neighborhood in socks screaming and approaching strangers.
so bad because of a water pipe
fishing for my pyjamas. killing someone in front of a bunch of people.
kicking my teacher in the face
using a roll of paper towels to clean my toilet
sticking my name label on my head in a university interview
scratching my ass
hitting my girlfriend in the face in front of all my friends
with omegle waifu
eating a bag of flour.
letting my cat into the bathroom
trying to be sarcastic and an idiot
drinking beetroot juice before a doctor appointment
I might have unknowingly aided in a crime
passing on a tree
Caught beating it but really bad.
saying “eat ass” at bedtime
pressing the x button and left my windows while i was doing my midterm
leaving my buttplug in the shower
ordering a Chicken Caesar SALAD
forgetting my mask.
permanently disfiguring my dick, leading to an STD
spending all of my school grant money($500) on funko pops?
accepting a free couch
waiting a year to get a decent office chair, and living with terrible hemorrhoids
when my coworker found out that I talked shit behind back by implying she is fucking crazy for paying so much for her puppy
calling my nurse GF gorgeous.
being sleep deprived at work
accidentally sending my new colleague an emoji suggesting a threesome on the first day of my new job.
trying on my sister thong underwear. (I'm a dude)
and texted my whole family that “I’m waiting for the weed to kick in.”
Coughing on money as a joke and someone seeing.
changing my Microsoft login email.
napping too hard
but getting drunk and accidentally offending people
Damn it hurts
absolutely destroying my closet doors in an effort to defend my point in an argument
locking myself out of work.
putting my AirPods on wrong in front of a music producer
embarrassing me and my family at a fancy hotel
paying $4000 to a ransomware company
breaking a $5,000 gate at Enterprise
playing song russian roulette with my gf on Valentine's Day
impersonating my (ex) GFs ex.
in a Target bathroom
accidentally sending my roommate’s boyfriend a picture of my boobs
forgetting to hide sex toys &amp; bong when mgmt, maintenance &amp; the fire inspector did unit inspections
making a shitty joke trying to impress my friends parents.
Still Nauseous.
mistaking my bipolar meds for candy
toilet accident
almost getting mauled by a bear
driving to meet an internet friend
taking a huge dump on a bus
cutting the skin right above my asshole
urinating in a sink
4 Big Times in a Week
going streaking in front of a professor with a vendetta
getting high and repeatedly stabbing myself with a piece of glass
playing the Russian National Anthem on my Bluetooth speaker
using super cheap toilet paper. NSFW
using the wrong toothbrush for over 26 years
calling out normzy for psychologically torturing me and now hes hunting me down
accidentally breaking my moms chair
MY WALKED IN ON ME
mistaking a plant and brewing a pot of tea out of it
ignoring that my computer was running low on battery
accidentally turning my normie boyfriend into an adorable memelord and starting a meme war between us.
playing cards against humanity...
watching gay porn in my bedroom. I had the volume down.
having a farting fit while getting head from a girl I just met
using Imgur on Tinder
not understanding how my U-Pass works.
telling my boyf that i had sex over the phone with someone he know (supposed to be a joke)
when trying to do a good thing and buy a dog who needed a home.
farting at my job and getting fired immediately.
telling my wife I’m in the mood because she’s attractive. She got mad, it didn’t happen, and she’s now sleeping in the guest room. I’m a filthy pig.
Visiting a Subreddit I Should Not Have
being awkward and scary
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ALiinventors.SubbyJump
staying at work late to work on my Jeep. Also rule 3.
posting on r/
calling my friend while he was having sex with a rando
using a slur in my office-wide "goodbye" email
letting my girlfriend give me a hickey
filing important paperwork the wrong way.
going to Wal-Mart
telling my SO that I don't like to look at flaccid penises because they seem sad.
talking about messed up stuff with my dad on the phone, not knowing he had put the call on speaker
not listening to my doctor
I might've ruined my relationship with my only friend at school
breaking social distancing
I’ve been fucking up.
blowing up the power socket at my school's laboratory and then lying about doing it.
pretending to be Curious George and hurting myself.
stealing $80 from my grandmother
passing out at my friend's shower while masturbating
letting my cat hang out in my office while I work.
So there’s 7 billion people on Earth
Acdentially smoked my moms friend
while trying to pleasure myself
spoiling Endgame for a girl who was going to see it with her dad who just got out of prison.
accidentally insulting my mom in gift-form
I had sex
half of the exams of the class
eating three bags of sunflower seeds.
visiting my GF on Christmas Eve
Accidentally Catcalling Women
saying "My wife is gonna kill me"
accidentally making a piss bomb and saving my life
Help me stay away from smoke?
cutting the skin of a cat
potential almost getting murdered.
Watching Gremlins with my Kids
not staying in bed
not pooping before work and receiving Poseidon's Kiss
missing COVID protocol, and cratering my business
Am I over reacting about my boyfriend being too close to his family?
showing my tits at work
teaching my 4 year-old nephew the value of money
falling for my dad's prank and making me look like a man-whore on Facebook.
peeing when I thought I was gonna nut
watching porn with Bluetooth on
bleeding on a girl and my dog
shooting jizz all over my textbooks
Made a nice lady cry twice
LPT:  making the company I work for lose about $40,000
telling an older grocery cashier I used to have their job
accidentally bleaching my anus
getting blackout and calling out friends
not knowing how to get into my sis' phone
Fuck help quick
being an absolute and irresponsible idiot, and possibly trying to do what I thought (and still do) was right
Setting an imposible deadline for a project
putting vinegar in my eyes. Ouch.
I really screwed up and blacked out is there any solutions to my problem?
asking an old friend’s (now grown) little sister if she wanted to have a threesome
interfering with nature's natural course.
looking through the window
eating a mystery fruit.
drinking chunky “normal” milk and making myself sick.
13 years in the making, today it finally dawned...
they are conducting our exams as surprise exams
deleting someone's drunk texts
forgetting the baby monitor was on and flashing my MIL.
LPT  speaking South African Lingo in Australia
not asking the gorgeous new waitress on a date.
not having a v Goose (Canada Goose) and loosing an online friend.
learning I have a doppelgänger that does porn.
catching chlamydia
being an asshole to my pure and very sweet puppy
cutting the red strap while assembling a treadmill and it blew up in my face..
Awkward moment with person I didn’t realize I was speaking about
using a community bathroom and flashing somone my balls! (NSFW)
accidentally revealing to a friend I wrote fanfiction
not taking the time to investigate a wasp sting.
trying to go down in the 'going up' escalator.
lending my best friend/roommate money
conditioning my puppy to expect food when the “boing” alarm goes off on my phone
The Other Day When I Tried to Fuck My Little Sister's Friend
listening to the Radio Short Post
I dint pronunce the kitty’s names right
not unfollowing my Ex’s family on social media
telling a girl she's a flatboard
changing my virtual background in Zoom.
accidentally calling 911 and sending a message to my parents with an awkward nickname
eating an edible and discovering music and for the first time.
microwaving my panties
getting political with my mum
unsuccessfully saving a baby bird
accidentally texting a subordinate about absinthe and edibles
kicking mashed potatoes across my kitchen
in kiss the pretty girl
by trying to sing my baby bro song
I  coughed when my tinder date and I were spooning, and a ripper of a fart came out. (TL;DR at the end)
ignoring the laws of physics
when i spilled my chocolate drink on my car seat
not realizing how much my friend deposited inside me
My mask almost killed me
taking a morning walk and looking stupid
trying to get it on while high
legally changing my wife's name to Arronna.
jerking off at the wrong time
being an inconsiderate fuck and accidentally tripping my nearly 90 year old grandmother
searching for "dog fort" without a space in between.
saying “colored players” while watching an NBA game
delivery a package for my job.
TI(A)FU by having 2 toothbrushes
going for a run without my phone
I sign up for a VR event, waited for weeks, glitch out, and can’t get back in for the stupidest reason ever
accidentally lighting a menu on fire in a restaurant in France
going outside and getting stabbed in the face by a murderous insect
almost ruining a couple's marriage by screwing with a YouTube playlist.
Today I fucked up at school
getting annoyed with my boyfriend's surprise
rejecting a girl
leaving my car in my mechanic's parking lot overnight
telling my mom it’s like she wasn’t even there.
thinking my bank card was compromised
showing a sweet old lady my ass up in the air and my black lacey thong in a dressing room disaster.
listening to random peoples advice about hygiene online
not realizing that the most beautiful woman I have met in years was flirting with me.
not going out with a girl that shared the same interests as me
creating a poopnado in my basement
showing my mom how to play Candy Crush.
almost being banned from disney world
trying to buy a PS5
getting covered in gasoline and Heroin.
spoiling my proposal plan to my girlfriend
buy sharing my schools zoom online. (With tldr)
shitting on my bully's yard
telling my little nephews that Santa isn't real.
telling my best freind I like her
on Zoom...
letting my husband be my designated driver
sharing my weight loss progress
with fake snowballs
saying the n word at a g eazy concert
unzipping my pants while walking into the women’s restroom. (I’m a male)
writing an apology letter to a police officer
not checking the inside of my shoes
Telling My BALD Teacher that I 'Liked his Cut G'
sending a dick pick to my ex-boyfriend
mailing the letter to my prospective in-laws informing them of the intent to marry their daughter to the wrong address.
almost giving botulism to my girlfriend and i.
my wife getting a flu shot
assuming a test was closed book.
playing with my glasses case and splitting the table in half
taking a dump on my carpet
treating my wife Nora like a side girl while I fucked other broads
hooking up in a church parking lot
making my husband's job think he has some rather prehistoric kinks
thinking I was wearing a diaper.
I left my phone resting at the top of a furnace
says no "SMART" hedgefund manager ever...
letting my friend keep my hoverboard
not wanting to travel for Thanksgiving
getting a girl's snap from a zoom lecture
doing exactly what the midwife said to do *warning, childbirth* shaving my pubes and creating an exploding bathtub shithole
telling my best friend he can't come to a party.
breaking my little toe for the umpteenth time
shaving down there and cutting my anus...
asking my grieving friend if I can speak to her dead grandmother
ordering pizza for my grandma’s birthday
not reconnecting with a friend.
SUPER GLUE ON STONE TABLE!
drinking too much water before sex
nu**ing in my own face
talking to my girlfriend on discord
mislabeling an item I was selling and spending the money, therefore when they ask for a refund I cannot give the money.
realizing that you can open images on reddit
picking the movie to watch on Christmas
sending nudes to a random girl on the internet
thinking it was normal to have a permanent layer of fecal crust on your buttocks.
introducing my pastor to a friend.
forgetting to throw away my cum tissues
not checking my GPS and ruining a date.
falling on the ground in front of 100 people with my butt out
using that Gender Filter on FaceApp
forgetting how a retractable leash works
flashing my principal (accidentally)
shaving off my eye brows.
thinking a topless photo of my wife was an older woman. NSFW.
locking a breastfeeding women out of my “safe space” because I thought she was a corona-cleaner
right at this moment there are six workmen inches from me. I am currently on the toilet. If I move, they will see me. Looks like I'm here for a while.
trying to meal prep, falling down the stairs carrying all my meals, and losing a weeks worth of food..
Tofu by trying to console someone I love
Today I fucked up by "erupting the volcano" on my phone's screen.
thinking my mic was muted during class
accidentally calling my neighbors son a beta male while talking to her
getting a wiff of post malone
snitching on myself
taking a $1,000 client payment at work and forgetting to put it in the safe.Phone Number: +1 (254) 902-3603. REAL SCAMMER! CASHAPP: $senmartt
not putting down a grocery divider.
going hiking after drinking milk the night before
Today i fucked up by pretending to be a dad and faulting my gender
Messed up at the liquor store
popping a bag of chips open on a 5:00 AM plane ride
leaving delicious bread on the table.
accidentally going to Sweden
sneakily eating the party salmon
if I make my mom realize her boyfriend is a disgusting psycho who most likely imagines fucking me while being with her??
trusting people in general.
shitting myself and letting a dead guy take the blame
dropping my weed in the bath tub
melting plastic on a hob
repeatedly remotely wiping an employee's phone and making them quit
talking shit in YouTube comments
emptying the trash out of my car.
raging at game and breaking my hand
jamming too hard in the shower and eating shit
Fapping while Diving Underwater
Becoming What I Hated The Most
So... This happened :/
not approaching the hottest girl on the pool that was visibly interested in me
I got ghosted for the first time
as I realised I've pavloved my 10 month old baby, into responding to our Google Home
Being Racist
typing &lt;3 on virtual classes
Emailed my class the exam answers, accidentally included professor
cooking dinner and poisoning my family
having too much sex last night
revealing a red flag and not noticing
getting high from Benzos before a work presentation.
starting an illegal money laundering and gambling ring at my highschool.
Got drunk and things were said and done
backing up in a Wendy’s drive through.
petting my cat
correcting my employee on the new color of our boxes.
allergy edition
printing out p0rn
my finding out I have been telling people "I do not speak their language" in their language incorrectly.
a friend’s dad passed away and I inadvertently made an insensitive comment
smashing loads of alcohol bottles
Alcohol and Hair Removal DON’T mix!
accidentally sending my Medical Marihuana resume to the wrong company.
giving myself an ear infection
Convenience Store Anxiety
being a real McAsshole
missing my cumshot and eyeshotting my girlfriend
eating horseradish
not answering the phone and possibly ruining my engagement.
but yelling fuck you while on the phone with a customer.
hitting on a girl that was already in a relationship for three years
letting my boyfriend fist me
avoiding a kiss from my crush
trying to be healthy
when my Mom called the cops on a break-in that never happened.
hitting my friend in the head
making a fool out of myself by sending a cat fact into a private message
reading some of my girlfriend's past posts and comments and seeing the relationship reddit posts about me.
eating breakfast
coming out to my parents.
❓ Question ??
underestimating the power in an edible.
being a dumbass
flashing a camera flash in my eye
pissing myself at a job interview twice.
buy writing a diss track with my best friend.
trying to take my shirt off
clapping at a Remembrance Day assembly.
setting a s'mores maker on fire trying to deliver pizza to the wrong house
sending my grandma the Butter Dog song.
Oh shite. (Posted originally onto r/teenagers by me)
brushing my teeth with shaving cream
breaking a microwave and almost causing a fire.
thinking my period was over
going to a strip club alone for New Years and getting bullied by a bunch of strippers
getting a replacement phone
i accidentally ruined someones day :(
trying a new treatment for my chronic constipation and now I can’t face my boyfriend
Today I was too lazy to think of something to do so I went in to work to do something
trusting someone off of offerup
getting a new puppy
throwing my phone on my couch, directly onto my wire frame prescription glasses
but sitting in the family room with a towel on after my shower.
When I parked at work and got fired for it.
shaving with a new razor
Hello All! I have this for you
I really f’d up this time
heating water in the microwave
letting my sister make my soup
giving a weird answer to a kid who was impressed by my athleticism.
By sneakily taking my shoes off under my desk to air out my feet...
not closing Reddit.
Am I weird?
banging way too many wymxn with my giant dong 😎GONE SEXUAL GONE WRONG
misreading a post online and ruthlessly swearing at a teenage girl
participating in back yard fireworks.
missing out on being very rich.
screaming !Savages! at my partner, when he tried to gently wake me by kissing my cheek
holding in my pee to the point of extreme pain
being too good at Mario Kart and nearly becoming a father
not checking my Starbucks order before drinking it
poisoning my boss
not editing some parts of a resignation letter template that I used to write my letter for the company I’m leaving
stripping for my colleague
repainting my kitchen
making a Rick and Morty reference while having sex
having a little to much Faith
crashing a wedding, hard.
wishing my dad Happy Father's Day
asking my ex if she would ever have sex more than one guy at the same time
taking meds and vomiting on a kid
looking up my childhood best friend on Facebook
sending an "SOS" message with my phone!
acknowledging Jews are a more dominant race than blacks
not checking if my flight was right
wearing dusty boots to a late night smoke sesh
Just watch a women get shot to death and another one stabbed 60 times .
By saying "I have green beans" on my company's flight coordination message board
Running Out of Lighter Fluid
implying that I want to hook up with my students during conversations with their parents at school.
giving my dog too many treats to keep him busy
blaming my manager for my furlough last month
having the biggest stoner moment I think I've ever had. (The amalgamation of a bad to worse kind of day) accidentally seeing my father's personal photos
cooking enchiladas
You’re car doesn’t come with shocks
not knowing how Snapchat works
fucked up by adding a girl to a girl's surprise party message group
sleeping on the couch
Looking For Obedient Slaves
giving myself tynitus (ear ringing)
cheating
making Mac and cheese
purposely drinking hydrogen peroxide and then getting sick
getting misstaken for a pedophile
pooping in the woods
forgetting to hang up on my boss
hopefully my last day
I used a pumice stone where I shouldn't have
accidentally calling native Americans "pure bred"
taking a nap and forgetting what evening is.
shaving my pubes in the shower and clogging the drain
joking about fucking my friend’s mom.
thinking 2021 would start out to be a good year and going to a new years party
finding years of missing clothing
Completely Missing the Point of Something Someone made and got a Fuckton o’ Backlash for it
ordering sex toys NSFW
muting my entire company
not lunging at the queer
putting my brothers ice cream cake in the fridge overnight
going to fast around a turn to the on ramp
hitting my pop on the wrong end
I’m secretly dating my only friends ex boyfriend
claiming squirtle was gay for April Fools day
accidentally outing someone as a suspected peado
robbing the wrong kid
accidentally taking a lube bottle into the county courthouse.
going to my first strip club and getting a handy with a condom
forgetting the built-in camera on my laptop
slurring my words to Alexa
Machine destroyed, cost millions
droping some paint at work
not securing/locking our house's main gate before sleeping.
getting so shitfaced my aunt and mom had to clean up my puke...
draining 2 miles of canal to make my commute easier
misinterpreting my Ex's messages as an invitation to sexual intercourse
when I used old eye drops I found in my desk at work.
pooping out my tampon
assuming my coworker cuts his own hair
AITA for despising and being vocal about hating the wierd girl in our school?
Parent supervision SUCKS
leaving a butt plug in the middle of the bathroom
flipping through Reddit Live Feed and witnessed a gang style torture/murder.
puking inside an airbnb dormitory..
accidentally find out my dad is a cuck
thinking me and my FWB were home alone.
getting high off of weed in school
mastrubating and breaking my frenulum ( Banjo String )
trying to use gel deodorant as shampoo
Left $150 of weed at a food truck. Fuck.
shooting a condom in a girls hair
Help
streaming my sex tapes at our family Christmas party
harvesting spider infested guavas from my backyard.
overestimating my finances
trying to be environmentally conscious
suggesting to use a small vial necklace filled with my girlfriend’s dead brothers ashes as a cocaine container
causing a literal shit storm at my school
Super Tuesday
telling my daughter to stop being a wimp resulting in an ambulance ride
getting scammed on facebook market place
playing ram ranch on my moms spotify account constantly
cutting my knee open and breaking my toe
having my phone with me in my pocket at work.
accidentally corrupting my keycard used for work
Throwing a Discord Server into chaos because of a NSFW fanart
waking up an entire mental institution with a Reggie Watts comedy set.
Wrong number
getting food poisoning while taking my dog for a walk.
trying to get quick comment karma in order to stream on RPAN and making a comment about micropenises
I got my brother kicked out of rehab
I failed miserably in front of 7 interviewers on a product jam
leaving my tripod out
dancing and singing silently infront of my mom
TIFUby almost blinding my girlfriend
telling a coworker about a short fling I had with one of our mangers 9 months ago.
doing a simple home repair, then  using super glue to repair the initial tool I fucked up
possibly getting my sister pregnant at a furry convention.
Today I become a predator for trying to give away money.
Redditers Never Assume
calling my girlfriend worthless
peeing in a tomato plant and watching my family eat it.
Dumb Arachnophobe
losing my car and job
puking all over the fire chiefWatched the wrong movie
punching my son in the face as hard as I possibly could
moving a tree
showing my parents Long Beach Griffey on YouTube
calling the suicide hotline
remembering the Kars-4-Kids song
going to a gym in a sketchy neighbourhood and thinking my wallet was stolen only to find out mid call with the bank that it wasnt and it was on the floor in front of my car seat
visiting 7/11. AT 3AM AFTER JERKING OFF FOR HOURS
trying to rescue a bird.
running someone else’s food to a table.
Kiwis don't do that
ejaculating into Lychee juice
making a sexual innuendo while hosting an online church service
buying a lot of games on my phone
giving the guy I liked a rub and texting him in order to repeat it, and eventually get further.
telling my mom that the toilet bowl got blocked.
making my mom suspicious
unknowingly mocking future boss in a teacher's group meeting
misgendering a trans girl and (i think) causing her to have an anxiety attack
offering to play music at a church gathering
Tici
Level
having sex with my best friends wife while intoxicated, then never telling him.
at cleaning my computer
Messaged my gf about trying butt stuff
trusting my priests and missing my last chance to see my favorite rapper.
pretending to know a girl that I've never spoken to
getting a handjob.
Aquele cheirinho...
playing fetch with my dog in the yard while barefoot
telling my Asian mother that she treats others better than her own children
making napalm
#todayIfuckedup when I realized the truth won't get to others no matter what
trusting my friend's BF and getting way too high
eating pizza. Maybe send help?
infamously sleep texting, again
Going to War Against a Mud Wasp
making fun of the murder and decapitation on a greyhound to a family member of the victim.
vomiting all over my friends ex-girlfriend
when my pregnant wife was taking a in the bath tub and I referred to her as "Tubby"
pooping while loosing my virginity
showing up in an illegal chicken fighting area wearing clothes similar to polices
saying someone had died on a conference call, even though he didn’t
Accidentally insulted someone
dropping my phone in jizz hugging my uncle who was a suspected pedophile over 15 years ago and ruining new years before it even started
drawing a dick on my friends truck
I contracted HIV from masturbating
accidentally meowing for two straight minutes in my online class
By taking a job and quitting to take another job (and not responding to my voicemail)
Two for One fuck up at work and somehow still kept my job.
trying to let my baby sleep in just a diaper
Wearing boxers instead of briefs, and probably more
showing my dad 4Chan
sitting on a wasp.
sarcastically telling someone my crusader knight tunic was a Klan robe and my Imperial German flag was a Nazi flag:
having a toasted sandwich
leaving after I get my drink at a coffee shop.
pushing away the girl I loved (and still love) out of my life due to my own insecurities
farting on grapes
Broadcasting my Toilet in an Interview
replacing cocoa powder with hot chocolate mix
submitting my info to Lending Tree
getting a barracks tattoo
watching S01E01 thinking it was a recap.
getting too excited over a new novelty account
I might have lost my closest friend
Stereo porn
wearing a shirt that says “MASTER”
r/ Chossing a Certain sequence of Numbers as my Kahoot name. being a sheep and not looking at the el loco bandito comics before showing them to my sister
trying to donate plasma
going somewhere with no WiFi
Coffee + oats
sharing fitness notifications with my mother-in-law
throwing boiling water on the guy I like
calling my fiancé an Ogre
telling my teacher I was bored in class leaving a condom I jerked off in in plain sight for my dad to see
smoking weed on a date
calling out my friend Blackest Star and his mom (and maybe him) heard ‘black as tar’
putting two of my managers into the hospital by eating peppers
trying to subscribe to onlyfans
Added my psychotic ex back on insta
buying a new setup for my gecko giving my dad back a hand-me-down suit
spying on my GF's IG Account thinking she cheated
starting to ugly cry in the middle of a psychiatrist session. I'm in my 30's and I'm male.
pre-ordering cyberpunk 2077
sending a link to my onlyfans to my brother
dipping my finger in hot caramel.
letting the neighbors get fined and kicked out instead of us
Literally. *Then* I fucked up.
not drinking enough water and ignoring the issue
I slept In the vicinity of my girlfriend
r/ comparing my penis to a cucumber I found in the kitchen.
Watching Black Mirror: Bantersnatch
eating cheese quesadillas and farted on a date. It was a great date and the guy was hilarious. I kept trying to get up and go to the bathroom but I was scared that if I stood I'd fart. He laughed it off and thought it was cute and asked me on another date but I'm embarrassed as fuck.
squashing my ma jewels
apparently because I confused a friend and her boyfriend.
shaving everything but eyebrows
fucking around with a chair
attepting to buy pads for my girlfriend.
mocking a stranger, injuring myself, and bleeding profusely
almost burning my tongue and digestive tract
I sent an explicit text message that was intended for my girlfriend(SO) to the wrong girl
via unsolicited singing in front of a major customer
taking too much lsd
sending condolence flowers to myself instead of my sister.
using my husband’s washcloth to clean the shower and then he used it to shower with!
Worst 2 hours of my life
jumping into a relationship
not emailing my references to a job I interviewed with.
accidentally mocking someone with Bell’s Palsy
By telling my ex I had sex with two of her friends.
trying to get upvotes
talking dirty with partner on the phone while we were masturbating and accidentally saying “I wanna lick my cock” instead of “I wanna lick your cock” and effectively ending sexy time
accidentally sending my supervisor my diary instead of my thesis
Who’s
swalloweling after I came
Petition to ban all sexual fuck ups for a month
I scorched my feet on the pavement.
eating a lot of garlic
telling a customer their food had placenta in it
making my SO think I gave him an STD with my hair
calling my girlfriend babe
being toxic on Xbox Live
almost getting shocked by 120v of electricity
discussing politics at Thanksgiving
accidentally scamming someone.
shitting my pants at my boyfriends house
calling my boyfriend by his dead, abusive mothers name.
telling my boyfriend of 3 years that he’s not the best sex I’ve ever had.
peeling in the shower
Hcj
NSFW  cutting my balls while shaving my pubes and accidentally almost giving myself involuntary GRS.
Being selfish while trying to be selfless
unintentionally taking out my GF's tampon while viewing TV
forgetting I had sex toys on my amazon wishlist, then sending it to my family.
trying to drink a gallon of water
loosing no nut November after an hour it already started
my friend really fucking up
getting epinephrine shots in my head
Cut of cat while grooming
trying to motivate my teacher
telling my husband he’s clingy.
telling a complete stranger the bathroom smell was my fault
getting my friends toenail ripped off
buying plane tickets for the wrong dates because of brain fog from training for a half marathon.
needlessly telling my parents about my threesome
telling my friend how I want to skip science in front of my science teacher
when I swallowed my anal beads!
not erasing my browser history.
trying to find my dogs buried treasure
Has anybody ever forgot their mask in a store&gt;
I didnt show my dick!
Broke my guitar strings during quarantine
being downstairs at the wrong time
punching my tomcat in the head.
trying to help a small restaurant's Thanksgiving Dinner takeout website, but wound up making things way worse
kissing my dad.
getting locked out of my own house and having to break in
trying to take a shit In the woods
accidentally throwing a brick at a car
talking about tobacco
vomiting Exorcist-style on my new boyfriend and his family
drawing my teacher as the devil in my homework
accidentally calling my friend fat and making her think I’m in love with her.
having long hair and being confident around a candle
saving porn on my camera roll
falling asleep in class and confusing everyone
sleeping naked on my couch.
choking on a peanut
accidentally exposing myself to a student over zoom.
Blue Shower
deciding to have a bath
telling a coworker all about my underwear.
leaving my camera on and pretending to drink alcohol in my Zoom graduation
Today I fucked up by not checking to make sure the gas station bathroom was stocked with toilet paper before I took an explosive shit.
giving my FWB the same zoom link as my group project.
getting a concussion with an inflatable ball and going to the hospital
making my boyfriend think I'm a heroin addict
ruining my wife’s family Christmas card pictures
asking a cute friend if I could touch her boobs
making friends with the wrong person.
"FUCKED AT THE SHOPPING MALL
My 42nd birthday sucked in 2020. I guess I should’ve known. WTF!!
eating really strong hash brownies
being an accidental racist
Tfu by going to My Friend’s house (who had a Hand washing addiction)
Cheating While the Teacher was Looking
standing up to my mum. Again.
giving my coworker an actual heart attack
not taking care of my teeth and now I have a dental cariec cave.
sending my teacher softcore gay porn
getting a very painful erection (NSFW)
firing off emails in Outlook before having my coffee.
performing the "Major Tom" technique and now I think I'm going to be disowned
thinking a video interview was a phone interview
leaving a near empty plastic cup of red wine on the side
not knowing how Venmo/CashApp work
partying with a too young girl
falling out of the ceiling of my high school art room
breaking a ping pong ball
being horny and ended up pulling 5 muscles
I spun a knife on camera when I was supposed to be In class
trying to hookup with a robot.
singing “shut the fuck up” by Filthy frank
my CS Exam with reddit.
forgetting how long an inc is
taking advantage of COVID to skip a few hours of work
leaving my phone number on the check for a bartender
letting my friend slap me with a condom filled with water
flashing a bunch of people
charging my mom’s PayPal 40$
shaving my butt and joining my friend group's best butt competition while being a guy
not checking the inside pocket on my carry-on bag
and asked my boss to introduce me to his wife
mistaking another chick for my wife.
Tonight I Effed Up...
ignoring some red flags and brining a girl home, who then flooded my bathroom and gave me chlamydia.
fucking up my maths exam
having an unconventional sexual encounter that ended in a river of blood and fecal matter
my friend went into the wrong house
showing an inappropriate joke to my friend’s sister.
throwing a snowball into the face of a foreign legion soldier
making up an excuse to cancel raid night with my clan
not answering a call from jail.
making chamomile tea
not checking autocorrect and turned into a predator.
not getting my oil changed
telling my husband the cops were in the driveway during sex.
not realising screen record also records sound outside the phone too.....
I shaved my head after growing my hair out for almost a year and I hate it.
losing my temper and braking outdated equipment.
smoking too much possibly mixed weed.
saying something I shouldn't have said to a community that is notorious for giving the opposing community hell
leaving my purse next to my bed
A group for me
talking with my drunk friend
having a miscarriage in Church.
I fried my PC's accessories when trying to do something I thought was smart.
meatgazing in the locker room
getting a pedicure from an Arby’s door
lying to a bunch of strangers
accidentally body shaming men...
trying to have a conversation with a neighbor's kid
indirectly licking squirrel pee
almost electrocuting my face
buying a pink case for my new red iPhone
wearing a Bad Dragon dildo in my ass on the way to a drug deal.
microwaving a bowl of ramen at work and forgetting to add the water
not realizing the Mio I was using was caffeinated.
This is Vapid
FORGETTING MY BRA
discovering that my half-Ukrainian girlfriend is actually half-Polish
leaving a thermometer in a beaker with a fire under it.
leaving my phone on silent and having DPS show up at my dorm
misunderstanding common, modern slang....yelling "That's the money shot!" when taking pictures of my toddler
being insensitive to a quadriplegic
cumming in my trousers/pyjamas.
Update:  not realizing the cute gym employee thinks I'm a trans woman.

walking around a public nature reserve butt-ass NAKED.
saying a few choice words over phone with friends mom nearby. NSFW
peeing in an empty apple juice bottle and leaving it on the counter
trying to stay active under quarantine
My last drunk story
holding my nose during a sneeze
taking vitamins
Almost killed the cat (but dog) and ruined a load of laundry
not handling a miscommunication well
getting bitten by a cat, serving spicy chicken, and scratching an unfortunate itch
farting in front of my wife
letting my cat be in my Zoom meetings.
starting a fire in a gas oven the first year I cook a turkey
praising my dog when she pees outside.
not muting my zoom during sex
installing Raid Shadow Legends
getting a blow job from my biological sister
leaving my phone on
and had sex with my girlfriends female sibling and it didnt go well
I broke both my arms rock climbing.
accidentally creating a black market
calling my wife a “Karen”
drinking river water in the Scottish Highlands
outing myself as bisexual on tinder
calling my classmate a curry-muncher
uncovering my car from snow
wearing a Soviet hat and Chemi-on glasses to a Zoom meeting
unleashing an avalanche of farts while half asleep in my date's bed thinking he was outside smoking but he was next to me the entire time and I kind of want to die
being in a Discord call during my Zoom meeting
having an oily forehead that smelled like alcohol.
doing WWE takedown to an innocent stranger.
attempting some DIY electrical work in my car.
3.6 MIL gone in a click
putting on Icy Hot after taking off KT tape
I'm so embarrassed
handing in my paper with an inappropriate title.
telling a teacher/church deacon that I’m not a Christian
looking for something fun todo
hello reddit  asking my bestfriend whats wrong.
Tofu by downloads raid shadow legends
having sex with my boss
participating in a stupid internet challenge
sicking my dog on the amazon delivery guy.
Baited by cuteass cat on CL
walking in on my teacher pooping.
burning a Toaster Strudel in the microwave.
cutting jalapeños
making joke to my little sister
sitting on my toe
By taking garbage to the bin at night.
Drank bad milk.
forgetting my dog
accidentally having porn up on my phone when I showed a minor my phone:(
By giving my cat(s) their flea treatment
shitting myself and shitting all over bathroom floor
If You Go To Work For A Business That Is Family Owned....
telling my mom that I am no longer a virgin.
creating Permanentlybanned69420
Bite mark for a month because I am an idiot!
getting psoriasis during a pandemic
thinking I had become so overweight that I gave myself a hernia and nearly died
essentially naming my social media account lesbian
Tofu by weed whacking..
mixing up my fucking words at the customer and got in trouble with the manager.
getting annoyed with my boyfriend's surprise visit
reminding a girl that she could easily die.
my partners mum walked in on us having private time
"raping" my girlfriend
accidentally smashing a bottle of Campari, leading to an A&amp;E visit
attempting to pee in a cup. (kinda NSFW)
sleeping on my brother's couch
blue balling myself
My mom caught me drinking
being scarred for life by not being aware of my surroundings
giving in to peer pressure..
This Sub Is Fake
shoving a marker up my ass
using an orange peel as Toilet Paper.
You said you needed a “piss”
having somewhat of erectile dysfunction
with my bad parking at work.
keeping our sex lounger in our walk-in closet and lying about it to the exterminator.
I Took A Piss On A Pile Of Leaves And Almost Had A Heart Attack
getting caught by the dishwasher repairman (NSFW)
not recognizing one the most recognizable people in NFL.
realising I've been the culprit of the puddle on thw bathroom floor
walking around all day with "my balls" on my chest.
texting a client before thinking about what I was sending
pissing off my girlfriend's dad
misunderstanding the meaning of a nickname
accidentally eating a Tide pod. Hear me out.
trying to be funny and ruining my shot with a girl I liked
"resting my eyes" and missing out
giving myself a panick attack for leaving Cooking oil out
liking someones old periscope post
having too much caffine
screaming too loud that my cats did me dirty.
interrupting a doctor notifying a woman that her son was killed in a car crash.
forgetting how knives work
accepting all the coupon "offers" that the USPS gives you when you change your address.
TIFI by get distracted at work.
not realizing how loud my vibrator was
almost having my cat put down because I didn't know he was eating my mint plant.
enjoining music.
knowing two chantelle’s
talking dirty
trying to be kind to the elderly
not properly turning my Bluetooth off while watching porn
trying to text my wife and ended up texting my EHS Manager
getting more than a package
eating a snack without looking first
misplacing TL;DR
moving a chair and setting off a small but devastating chain of events
Qtip ear damage/annoyance
putting my cellphone in the washing machine
washing the bottoms of my feet in the shower.
I need your help..
being unable to fathom I could fail to get an interview at Oxford University AGAIN
Being too Honest on a Zoom Call
comparing a man to Jeffrey Dahmer
Light of The Universe, I F*cked Up
doing origami at work.
accidentally being xenophobic
deleting my long-term save.
I accidentally stuck my middle finger up to my classmates in 4th grade
having a global pandemic teach me that I had been showering wrong my whole life
taking out the trash without a flashlight
taking a shower with my bf in the room
not being good at spelling.
letting 2 toddlers drive
driving 1045km to 'Vienna' to see the canals and ride those boats, just to find out i mixed up Vienna with 'Venice'
MIL sents a pic of SIL in bikini to several Craftsmen
telling my younger brother the wrong definition of BBC
sexting with my second cousin.
making myself drink vagina.
getting fabreze on my asshole after eating spicy food. Possibly NSFW
almost burning the house down?
Today I fucked up by my mom seeing my brows r/hol up and r/make me suffer
not hiding my phone before sleeping and dad unlocks it in morning to see nsfw app and multiple tabs of nsfw videos.
having random nudes of redditors which almost ended my 3 year relationship
Terrifying Myself and Giving my Laptop the Power to Speak
leaving a ziplockbag on my desk
biting my wife's boob
poisoning myself repeatedly
HI
bringing ruin to my PC.
trying to beat the Covid Blues by pre-celebrating my dad and I’s bdays with pie and sparklers
trying to get my boss to enforce the mask rules
only being interested in women with dicks
Area 51 of the United States is no longer mysterious.
dropping my girlfriend out a window
mentally scarring my 5yo by putting on a moisturising face mask.
not seeing a text about someones Grandpa dying.
almost burning my face off while I was grilling.
researching frogs
swiping right
trying to sit up at the dentist.
drinking dressing instead of a milkshake
when I went for a walkabout
running the dishwasher.
I saw a shoe and said nothing
believing a “friend” didn’t want to just have sex wit me and then ghost me
I accidentally turned camera on and presented to the whole department.... in my fuzzy polka dot bathrobe. 🤦‍♀️
trying to be polite
accidentally sex-shaming my wife. Not sure I'll ever get set again.
overdoing my physio and ending up bedridden
actually last night) by preparing for the Civil unrest.
Rip AirPod
cheating off my friend's paper
being too lonely.
and saw a familiar tattoo
forgot my wallet on a transatlantic flights
unknowing leaving a small crack in my room that leads to outside.
smashing a zit onto a desk
coming home really, really late
getting black out drunk, eating too much and waking up to my friends house covered in my shit
peeing in a McDonald's cup
trying to get a photo of the NEOWISE comet and bringing my wife with me
using a spicy pepper without gloves
burning my dick whilst smoking.
joking about the fact that I got to celebrate New Year's Eve with my dad when My BF did not
pissing all over my pants before meeting my girlfriends parents
I told my 10th grade science class corona was a myth.
almost killing my boyfriend with a chicken shwarma
TIGU by posting to the wrong sub
trying to show off to my girlfriend
My Nintendo Switch Lite
deadlifting heavy and ending up with an old man's finger in my asshole
Keeping My Kid’s Fish Alive
jizz-blasting my date from 3 feet away and handling it badly
creating a meta post and reaping the benefits
doing the WimHof Breathinf
asking in r/airforce if Texas seceded, whether Texas military personnel would fight against us, if it came down to it, and then crossposting to other subs, without sufficiently clarifying that I'm opposed to the idea and never expect it to happen
sticking my dick in suave condition coconut bottle.
making a wholesome edit
dropping my keys down the elevator shaft of my condo building on a long weekend, while attempting to take my cat for a walk.
asking a customer if they wanted bags without looking at the customer.
being exhausted.
drunkenly admitting to my best friend that I love her
bbb
forcing myself to eat a fish full of worms
I let my 6 week old kitten suck my male cats dick.
thinking ‘bout those beans while a friend was having an emotional episode
telling a waitress to “pick up the pace”
Realizing a Prostitute stole 100k "Again" thinking with the wrong head!
pretending to accept a trade on steam
making instant oatmeal
not realizing that I wasn't muted in a meeting
Not Checking My Underwear Before Pulling Them Up
Boyfriend Blew Up MInecraft World, Way To Reverse???
interrupting sex and smiling creepy
courtesy flushing
putting motor oil in my windshield wiper tank.
trying to make someone see the logic when I didn't know the facts on an anonymous posting app
keeping the window open for pigeons to party in my room
Never forget to turn the hallway light on
saying that I would beat the shit out of a rapist on Reddit.
getting canceled on a roblox sub reddit
leaving my cat outside of the house
not going to the bathroom before I left work
laughing at very serious event
walking in my step sisters room
Giving My Husband a BJ
not dancing with my tinder date
snipping my vag
I lost my main Gmail account.
Forgot my house keys TLDR I clown faced myself and went to my bfs job for the keys
signing up for a Pornhub account under the family email.
pissing off some virgins on Reddit
making peanut slices with laxative cookies
smelling like a dretch for atleast a year
and learned why the leader of the Third Reich's name is mispronounced in my country
Zoom School
annoyed a bunch of cry-babies
tripping over my own feet
getting banned from r/instagramreality and having my post removed from R/
letting my drunk parents meet up
letting my dog eat used tissues
breaking $900 worth of water pipes...
chugging a red bull and attempting an all nighter and forgetting I have diarrhoea.
scaring the hell out of an old woman by accidentally making it look like I'd just coughed up blood right next to her
I accidentally asked my Chinese teacher if she was “curvy”
Today i fucked up by messing up the happy birthday song
trying to adopt a dog and ended up testifying for a court case
leaving a Judy doll out when guests came over
talking politics with my crush
eating a slice of fruitcake
Today I fucked up because I have opinions
giving a load to a idiot
Shoulda worn protection
putting deodorant on my toothbrush.
breaking up with my girlfriend
pretending to have COVID-19 and actually contracting COVID-19
landing myself into the ER for drinking pancake batter.
Missed college basketball history literally 5 hours ago. staring at a coworker I like.
accidentally abducting a Granny
disturbing my cat’s hunting and accidentally letting a rodent in the garage?
droping the weed (hash)i just bought, and the dealer stealing it back..
don’t smoke/fuck with your hair too much kids
GO FUCK YOURSELVES GO FUCK YOURSELVES GO FUCK YOURSELVES
kicking a can
I accidentally kissed the twinsister of my SO
pooped in my MIL’s bathtub
having a drunken mental breakdown in front colleagues
eating spicy food after holding a peanut eating contest with my brother, causing severe burns to my asshole.
when I told my highschool crush that I'm glad I'm not the only one who got fat.
giving a stranger an STD
jacking off in maths class
getting blackout drunk for the very first time and making my sister and friend clean up my vomit and bathe me wearing my mum’s menopausal after-childbirth tampons.
My girlfriend discovered my dark secret and weird fetishes
shooting my 5 month old son in the head with a rocket launcher. smoking a cigarette after quitting 2 years ago
reading the great gatsby
shitting on my friend's bed
letting a homeless guy make a phone call
and forgot about asthma and went bike riding
not knowing how to tie my shoes for 10 years
not having hemorrhoids
going on a drunk 7-11 mission
I hooked up with a guy in my airport hotel room this morning before checking out. Turns out he is on the same flight as me and guess what, he’s traveling with his wife and kids.
being nice to people who no doubt don't even know I exist and who don't give two shits about me.
Breathing in my sleep. (Yes, this is serious.)
trying to make leftover oil soap
violating my cat.
getting banned from a sub for the third time.
expressing my feelings for my friend to her in the wrong ways.
closing the dryer and locking my cat in. (No animals were harmed!!!)
Lost my survival world that I've had for over a year
trying to repair a fence.
fooling a person get on the wrong (family) cabin of train!
Sending My Half-Naked Weight Loss Progress Pictures to A Random Email (Please Help)
sharing private stuff with my ex’s best friend
being pervy and forgetting Online Stranger Danger 101
Self-Critical Commentary on a Voicemail
swearing at a person who I thought was a scammer when it was someone’s cousin
almost doing to my phone what I'm doing to my life.
stealing my friends bike as a revenge prank
having sex with my wife while Discord was unmuted
waking up in the middle of the night and listening to my stepsister masturbating
my late semester exam
commenting out of context
saying a curse word.
giving my girlfriend cannabis candy before our Valentine’s dinner date
making a joke about car accidents
My class now thinks that I’m into incest
By getting my wife pregnant again
putting a cake in front of my ex-gfs door and not putting my name on it
because I asked a Woman i had unprotected sex with, when was the last time she got tested NSFW
accidentally showing one of my teammates furry porn
tofu by putting diesel on Petrol car.
getting my Minecraft world deleted
wearing a sex toy and a thong to a wedding. (I’m a guy)
calling a group of ladies “unique and understand why they’re kept in the garage.
jerking off in my online lecture
being the idiot teenage boy that I am
nearly calling the cops over nothing
signing my contract for current employer
getting out my car to pee in a traffic jam because I just couldn't wait
telling a stranger to wear their mask properly
Today I unintentionally listed myself as “Mike literus” and said “f*** you” to 2 attorneys my guest law teacher and a district judge
pouring water all over myself at the gym
shortening "Et cetera" as 'ect' instead of 'etc' for fucking 21 years.
smoking weed
getting caught having sex in my car.
My Place To Live
(22M) convincing my roommate(22M) to make a pornhub account and post content.
putting something inappropriate in my coffee
buying tickets to an event that has shit reviews on yelp. They're not refundable
Being recruited to join with a bunch of white supremacists' in middle school
almost getting myself arrested as a cashier
making my family think I have a fetish for bald guys...
telling my (M31) longest running girl friend (F32) (actual friend) that me and my wife are swingers.
agreeing to enter a girls room
sh@tting almost in front of my neighbor
FACTORY RESETTING MY MOMS COMPUTER
scratching my voucher wrong i got for christmas
inadvertently telling a girl she had gotten really fat, really fast.
calling my wife old
Accidentally Encouraging a Self-Harming Classmate to Cut Herself
doing sexy sex sexy sex thing
Using an Unprofessional Name for a Work-Related Zoom Meeting
feeding my weening child some fairly spicy chicken.
accidentally dissing my school while commentating a game
getting caught cheating by my girlfriend (without even cheating)
saying a girl uses the angles
taking a swig of muriatic acid
picking up pizza
assuming it was only a fart at work and shitting my pants
unkowingly helping some steal
Teeheee I had sex
giving my boss a cute novelty name plate listening to my grandma’s alcohol and pepper advice
destroying 2 phones in 1 day.
I am a straight guy, and I got intimate with a transexual
looking up how much a keychain I lost is worth
because people will exploit your good gestures
making myself look like the Joker unintentionally
unmuting myself to scream and quote Gollum during a video call
having sex with an AI, then posing as my mother to lie to her about my death in a car accident
spilling a coke zero
snorting lemon flavored drink enhancer on a ten dollar bet
insisting a one-armed man provide curbside pickup
laundering my jockstraps
dropping a new roll of TP in the toilet
accidentally doxxing someone in Brawl Stars
for accidentally sending a weird tiktok video to my old middle school classmate
searching "cock" on google images in front of my boss
giving my wife a hug when she got home
getting my hair cut and now my dog thinks I'm an intruder.
punching myself in the nuts.
telling the church kids to "f*ck off"
sending my mother a huge dong via text in lieu of a Coronavirus update
F you DIY
forgetting to leash my dog
deleting my original reddit accountI locked myself out of my google account
destroying my mother's work documents and replacing them with 1400+ porn images.
masterbating over the phone
forgetting to check my rental book before returning it
forgetting I ordered food..
following along with someone's request to complete a BuzzFeed quiz over the phone.
going to my mechanic with a “broken” AC
waxing my face
I broke my company's VPN almost setting the house a Blaze
drinking tequila
In learning the lesson that just because you can buy the thing, doesn't mean you can drive the thing. A story of trying to be cool, and falling oh so hard.
cheating on my wife with my girlfriend who moved in with us
trying to take nap
volunteering to demonstrate proper lift form and shredded my pants
SETTING THE NEW KID ON FIRE AT WORK
casting porn to my neighbor's roku
repeatedly sneezing on everyone's pizza at the dinner table.
predicting my grandpa's death
I cost my boss thousands in water damage
not doing my math homework.
sharing my entire life story with my life insurance person
getting contact cement in the sink...
not knowing how to eat food properly.
not drinking water after giving head.
asking a man with only one arm if he needed a hand
eating fast food for the first time since I’ve had my gallbladder removed.
and called the COO of my company a banana
full speed tackling a literal statue while on LSD
having too many tabs open and joining my online work meeting
getting caught by my wife for humping Ted (the teddy bear from the movie)
putting milk in my Keurig.
Today I fucked up by kissing with a girl who has a crush on me but he has a boyfriend
somehow getting poison ivy on my dick...
I think I saw the death. The came back. Then now decided to come out.
Singing All I Want For Christmas Is You.
calling my boss's sweater ugly.
breaking quarantine for sex and setting a horrible domino effect in motion
when I loved my cockatoo so much she's now dying
calling my dad "daddy" at work as a joke.
Coming clean
giving myself rug burn while I was pleasuring myself
TIFUpdate accidentally expecting a casual hookup with a virgin
rushing at work.
”destroying the toilet with shit”
forgetting how to read a digital clock.
spending a ton of money to fly my ex to visit me for her birthday, and spend a shit ton of money taking her out and caring for her here.
bring my brothers escaped dog to my home.
not checking my flash drive before having something printed off of it
Accidently Bad-mouthed a store in front of the owner
nearly getting fired for a whole lot of minor mistakes doing a job that you'd think would be pretty easy.
Never ever ever use soap as lube.
forgetting I had a bread bin.
getting over emotional in a game of Rocket League
finding my friend’s “work documents” folder, and ruining one of my few remaining adult friendships. NSFW
going out to hand my grandpa a magnet
sending my old coach a drunken mean Facebook message.
leaving the headset mic on
figuring out i ate dogtreats...
not shaking before I pulled up my pants.
Mentos cola
Sending embarrassing degrading photos to a stranger peeing in a bottle in my work’s parking lot
got vaccine jab in the wrong arm
making a selfish wish on a community project
When I picked the video in my drug recovery group.
being accidentally mean to a kid and maybe racist
Changing My Clothes In Front of My Roommates Extended Family On Her Skype Call.
throwing a mug full of spiders at an 8 year old boy.
trying out an old e-piano that we had lying around in our new apartment
damaging my nails with Nair
unknowingly leaving my dildo out to be stolen
telling the girl I cheated on, I cheated on her.
my hearing
unknowingly enabling my niece who has just got out of prison for beating/ kidnapping his ex
telling my epileptic girlfriend that she’d have no way of knowing if I raped her while she was seizing
making half the block lose power
homemade furniture fiasco
on my decision-making - cake day post!
skipping breakfast and lunch, fainting during a committee meeting about COVID-19, and breaking a $4000 camera.
I sexted another girl while being in a relationship
reading part of the book my very religious elderly Aunt is writing, when she left the room and left her laptop open.
not realizing how much my dog pays attention and listens...
AMA: Rather stoned right now, please Ask me Anything
i have this female FB friend and I told her she has nice legs from a pic she had posted.
climbing a rock.
Half an hour...
letting my boyfriend finger me after hot wings for dinner
Messed up oil change
blasting an inappropriate song to my class
having car sex before I went to my parent's house
accidentally tricking my mom into thinking I do heroin
chills while on an online school meeting
not recognizing morphine withdrawal symptoms
giving myself a caffeine poisoning
Got scammed by an indian dude
Sending a dick pic in the moment and it backfired .
nearly killing my fiance
eating moldy bread.
The day I learned what a HBCU was.
throwing away valuables
uniting all my hair
consuming too much alcohol at my friend's wedding
accidentally telling my friends family he banged his cousin
spilling half a can of Dr Pepper on my Keyboard.
masturbating too hard and pissing blood throughout prom
eating out my gf (NSFW)
swearing at my girlfriend's friend's religious mom
Vaping at my In-Laws
not talking to my crush
calling my teacher a retard
I Scooped Poop into a Trashcan
wearing holey pants to work.
saying “what’s up” to a lady.
not documenting a potential threat to lives.
Accidental nudes
emailing horny
trying to prank my wife and accidentally making her have a panic attack.
Again) by not looking before I leaped (NSFW?) Definitely NSFW
not reading and being lazy
attempting to masturbate using the shower head and then the knob broke
Today I fucked up by getting poison ivy on my vagina.
but I have no idea what I did wrong
writing in cover letter that I could start working in the past
passing by an old classmate and not saying hi
almost committing a war crime.
on my first Reddit post and got permanently banned from a sub-Reddit.
getting addicted to hugging my own farts in highschool
saving a baby squirrel
making everyone on the bus nervous of me
sending a “scammer” memes
forgetting about my hard drive
lying about being a serial killer and getting my mom a phone call from the FBI.
not realizing NSFW means I should probably browse reddit when I’m alone
accidentally touching a girl’s boob.
poisoning my whole family.
getting food poisoning, not waiting till 10:30 to take my medication... I roofied myself, almost died and threw up all over my bed and fiance...
putting the school into evacuation mode
several times in the mountains and ended up being search &amp; rescued
wearing a Hawaiian shirt...
confusing asphyxiation with Coronavirus hysteria
watching a movie only by its cover
Weigh Feeder Belts: Contact (636) 349-2388
shouting expletives at my neighbour
texting and driving
nude while on work web meeting
almost getting sent to the principal’s office for roasting a teacher
I called a Lieutenant Commander a Chief in Navy boot camp.
calling a customer by his office nickman
ruining a winning scratch and win
letting 2 birds nest in my workshop.
telling my zoom class "that the best way to get though life is to be rock hard"
Taking the wrong meds at the wrong time... work is about to get interesting
I let my cat sleep on my bed with me
setting my manager's desktop wallpaper to Shrek
almost blinding myself
eating Ramen on the couch
playing with my cat and making everyone think I'm going to kill myself.
having my social skills cut out mid-sentence
ruining my artwork because of a little mosquito.
forgetting my email address
Today I fucked up by losing by cat on the side of the highway somewhere in Kentucky.
cock blocking myself by browsing reddit
and was nearly arrested for indecent exposure in the Paris airport
messaging a friend Happy Easter.
burning my principal’s garden while he watched.
deleting all of MS Office from my Dad’s PC
eating a chilli
Having an Aneurysm, or so I thought.
drinking putting down my drink without looking WHERE I put it.
making a $500 mistake
Lady asked for help, didn't want money.
falling for THE DUMBEST scam imaginable
defending my gay brother
but nutting while sneezing
letting my girlfriend's dog lick my foot.
for never listening to my dad
because I realized I should have never made video content for my people for almost 9 Years!
not paying close attention
nearly dying because of a piece of meat
not waking up after valentines day
flirting with a "Chad"
By telling a cop I know where he lives.
saying “good riddance” while passing a Jewish cemetery.
asking Google to play sounds of sex for my parents
smoking to much weed in mexico.
accidentally ghosting a girl and telling her my brother was in a car accident
exploring a dried lake and getting stuck in quicksand nearly burning myself ( and my school )
disappointing a Prostitue and also myself.
buying a moped (See Description Below)
being shocked at what a antibacterial spray claimed to do .
for posting on r/memes via mobile
traumatizing pet store delivery driver
using all of my senses to figure out what something was
Going to a Cops house right after I got out of jail from him arresting me...
not my fuckup but still hilarious
trying to go biking with a friend
not logging off Discord
talking to a bunch of Finns on Discord without being prepared
being both autistic, and an egotistical asshole.
getting a Tinder match
farting while on an online lecture with 200 other students.
circumcising myself
eating too many mcnuggies
making spaghetti with four to five cups of chicken boullion
wolfing down a bag of chips with stinky pussy fingers.
Being a Bad Driver Being a Bad Driver
trusting a fart in my In-Laws' shower.
doing my laundry.
Lost my AirPods for the 10th time
giving my cousin a blowjob
Glandex please sponsor me
eating a ghost pepper
clean up trash bags full of magots
Getting Engaged and then Making my new Fiancée Lose Confidence in Me.
yelling at a pastor.
leaving my room
taking chocolate to bed
locking myself inside a janitorial closet.
How long does it take for a black woman to take a shit? 9 months
Having An Office Affair
having sex with my boyfriend- NSFW
hanging out with a girl.
drinking tea
by scolding the drunks in a see-through shirt
forgetting to text my best friend on her birthday
getting high before the dentist
Starting A FOOD-FIGHT
not disabling TTS in Discord
telling my gf to fuck off
getting got in a sneaker wave, soaked knee deep and bailed on a job. Rock and Didn't Roll
texting my dad while on the phone with my friend
dropping a ball and being accused of murder
almost getting hit by the tram
almost destroying my phone in anger
smoking too much weed at once.
burning my hair
not letting the scissors fall
when I realised I’ve been taking 40x the RDA of B-vitamins
forgetting how to break on my rented moped and crashing into a parked SUV.
watching porn during online class and not muting the mic
who is my gf?
shitting me shorts
The splash hit my entire existence.
hurting my left ball after jerking off
i got or not sure i got caught jacking off
mistaking a customer’s girlfriend for his mother
Me and my friends having fun and watching cat sex and getting regrets.
exposing a teammate’s period
(nSFW) getting really high and unknowingly masturbating in front of my cousin
"Breaking In" to My Own Work (NSFW maybe?)
taking the day off to play Cyberpunk 2077.
saying something inappropriate
joking about my Kink
putting myself into an endless cycle of masturbation
sexting my DAD (M)
when I called my district manager after 10pm while wiping my dogs’ butt.
Missed class to take a shit
forgetting there is a right way and a wrong way to ask someone not to say offensive things
I asked a psycho to water my houseplants while I was away
telling my parents to take a break from technology.
and Ruined my Christmas with underwear
taking Cialis / Viagra
I overslept, missed my flight, and almost had my parents file a missing person's report
being so thirsty that I drank my own pee
being connected to Bluetooth headphones and not realizing it
for not attending school and procrastinating all my work.
when the girl who’s supposed to help me with my crush told me she likes me
disappointing my best and only friends
being mistaken for a trans man
TIFY by having hot sexy cum sex
thinking I had to fart
wearing headphones while driving
kissing my mom goodnight
stalking the same people on LinkedIn multiple times
creating a game called Radar and destroying my parents' record collection.
asking my mom to take me to the hospital
browsing this shitty subreddit. thinking this subs mods could take criticism
Check this if you or your parents are suffering from type2 diabetes
tm going to the supermarket
Car pulled Bluetooth audio - sex subliminals
I overdosed last night
Best of r/2019 Nomination Thread!
accidentally posting my penis on my Snapchat story
not being one of those idiots who are hoarding tp
making my dad cry
(NSFW)  licking a girl's asshole
teaching my toddler how to say "eat shit."
breaking my MacBook Pro (13inch) LCD retina screen because of cum.
not cleaning the bath properly
drawing a spooky Halloween ghost.
putting a homemade peppermint scrub on my most sensitive areas.
Ate too much hot sauce, got flagged by airport security for being sick.
making my wife go to work
adjusting my maternity belt at the grocery store parking lot
rejecting the girl i love
when I left the house without my glasses
blowing a worm out of my nose
Hurt my wrist yesterday, and got called a wanker today
not knowing how ounces work and being to socially awkward to say anything about it
playing Rock Paper Scissors
telling my parents about Zoom security issues
playing with my roommate’s dog
accidentally going out in blackface
going outside and leaving desktop unlocked so my brother could post on reddit
Slapped a small french girl in the face
indem ich meine Freundin nach 2 Jahren Beziehung nach Hause schicke
repeatedly saying “cock and balls” in front of my in-laws at dinner.
crashing a discord server and another server member’s phone, then was unable to fix it because my phone crashed
covering of blood the face and the mouth of my gf
My Mom Found Out About My Secret Relationship
accidentally uploading nude video to Snapchat.
deleting game files on steam
leaving Warzone up on my PC
opening my gf Twitter account on my Mac
eating mysterious chocolates from the fridge.
unblocking videos in YT Kids!
being caught smoking a cigarette (NSFW)
accidentally calling a Native American man “chief”
dating a guy 11 years ago.
By driving my car in third gear for four years
throwing a trash bag filled with soggy food waste inside a homeless man's tent
falling for an obvious scam
telling my gf‘s mom that I‘d be going down on her daughter
buying a car
getting the company car towed
having shower sex
rotating drivers on a road trip
having a drink after 3 month
joking that I put something in a girl's drink
thinking if I sprayed Raid on hundreds on spiders that were on the ceiling they weren't just going fall and land all over me
taking acid before I got to my destination
deciding to use the bathroom before bed and discovering that a secret Walter White lives in the household.
You know how adults always tell kids to not play with knifes since they might hurt somebody? Well... I stabbed my friend´s couch with her own katana... yeah I kinda screwed it up lol
not helping my sister microwave a burrito
driving 30km looking for my lost wallet
causing my parents to have the biggest fall out in all the time I've known them.
talking to a lesbian about nipples!
Today I Fucked Up by almost electrocuting myself to death
telling a group of 13 co-workers that I (F25) swallow.
accidentally picking movies about cheating and watching them with my parents who are on the verge of separation
Not Speaking German.
telling my husband his mom can get f**ked.
taking my cat on a walk to the park
my friend inviting a homeless man to live at his place
talking to my friend while on the toilet
Today I fucked up cause my mom caught me fucking a guitar
picking up a j infront of one of my teachers
getting stuck in a pit of sand
left my “adult toy cleaner” in the bathroom my brother, sister and I share.
2 x SBD = empty shop
not correcting my daughter
Wisdom crumb #1
being my own hairstylist.
showing my midde finger to some kids
confessing to 3 guys I used to have a crush on them.
Need Help Please
pulling over to have a cigarette
doing xans and lying to my best friend about it
making leche flan
New Dad trying too hard...
buying a 700 dollar bike.
for syncing my phone to the wrong TB
being too kinky
Had a invasive sexual dream of my step father...
Wanting To Fart In A Person’s Face
butt ordering DoorDash?
Over a million dollar... feeling dum now don’t know what to do 🌏❗️
ripping my pants and walking around town with students
getting cold feet on my first gay experience
painting my ceiling, floor, walls and curtains with mayonnaise
letting myself get talked into a very expensive personal trainer program abroad
accidentally getting too many presents
giving my family weed
making my entire country taste my cummies
making myself an exhibitionist perv in fron of the uni chancellor
meeting an old classmate, only to hate every second of our apparent date.
making my (maybe) future boss think I'm a pervert.
getting a fishing hook stuck in my hand
taking mother in law to doctor
attempting to flirt
getting a serious concussion during sex
with a sticky note
not realizing I had daily work for my college physics class
I introduced a tiktok girl to the reason why the rest of the world hates tiktok and all it's contents
exposing myself to my Precalculus class
I fucked up a 1000$+ TV that I was still paying back
telling my mom to look at my cameltoe
putting on a terrible impromptu concert for the workers fixing my house.
Tried to eat lunch quickly on toilet at work, ketchup had other plans.
mistaking my friend for an 8 year old
almost getting my girlfriend and I into a serious car crash
telling my friend's family member on Facebook they're a creep for writing a nice comment.
breaking my laptop screen
Sun stroke in Ireland
eating a spicy taco
cheating on my boyfriend for a booty call
doing a hard workout programme in exchange for nudes
forcing an 8 year old to do arts and crafts
I missed the mail delivery driver at the door, and walked to the post office after calling "them".
not looking at my schedule right on the first day of college
eating a burger off the floor
having a crush on my best friend
TIFI by not knowing that a memory card was a thing when I was younger
asking for a virgin Shirley temple
not believing in myself
accidentally factory resetting my step dad's phone
leaving my mic unmuted
freezing my finger trying to clean a TV
drinking helium while knowing I would over think it later
being a good man and meeting my wife at the airport at departures instead of arrivals
forgetting to hide a semi-sacreligious sign from my extremely Christian in laws.
forgetting to attend my online class again 2 weeks in a row
pissing all over myself at the dentist
scrolling the Reddit app while drifting off to sleep. And accidentally giving away reddit gold for a foot fettish video by rolling over onto my phone.
Any guy interested to hook up and fuck me over here should text me. Mind you,it's not free but very cheap
doing the dead with the girl of my dreams nsfw
buying my GF a ps5
not saying good morning to my father
trying to tidy up my workspace
So I just fucked up and accidentally stabbed myself in the upper thigh 5 hours ago.
wiping my nose after wiping my ass.
commenting on my girlfriend's appetite
putting a brand new bank card in the bin
indirectly calling my superior fat.
accidentally fucking my cousin
Tonight I FU
telling the girl I date my Female best friend is way hotter then her
telling my mom my Twitch username
using my father's toothbrush for almost a month
showing a song dedicated to my mother to my boss
being polite, leaving to the worst sex of my life
Bad experience with an ar-15
being semi-naked during a kindergarten class zoom call
because my girlfriend found my reddit account.
asking the lady dentist a question.
delving too deep into Reddit
sucking on an AirPod
JAREN Dunn instead of Jared Dunn
smoking my entire apartment and destroying my popcorn machine
Today I fucked up cause I made fun of my friend for being Asian without knowing
staring at girls
small talk isn't my strong point...ever.
Don't give hints!!
not doing laundry enough
in a drive-in cinema
my friend) by saying to my overweight friend “that’s the only thing that funds in your family”.
being rude to a nice girl who showed interest in me...
revealing what my granddad's WWII deployment was REALLY like. Glad it wasn't a worse fuck up.
trying to take a break from life
thinking I was telling just my bf that I'd dribble his balls in my mouth
losing a bet
never trust a fart
forgetting my 5 year old is more intelligent than I am
making my therapist think I do coke and want to fuck my mom
burning a rug at a vacation rental home with a cooking pan.
pouring urine into my new car
Finishing NNN and Subsequently Dislocating My Shoulder.
yelling “What the fuck?!” in my zoom class.
turning on my laptop
not getting a massage and crippling myself
moving back to my hometown
My Prank Ended My Third Grade Teacher’s Career.
insulting an internet friend killing our friendship permanently
Cast iron is not friends with me
I got kicked in the google meeting by "Not responding too early"
not insisting people take off their shoes in my home leading to a poop incident
trusting condoms
not checking my Zoom username
mixing chocolate milk and orange juice in my lunch.
eating an edible and forgetting about it
having the username “Soundman1488” for 15+ years of being on the internet and been unknowingly identifying myself as a Nazi.
sitting in my friends lap until her p*ssy went numb
TDIFU, Not me, but my parents
eating hedgehog
I accidentally flicked off my best friend and she didn’t notice
saying F*ck in front of my toddler. She proceeds to teach the word to other toddlers in her daycare class.
Affordable rehearsal/recording studio in London. Rates start at 6,5£ and 20£ per hour respectively. Visit www.blueskystudio.uk for more info.
First time video chat sex fail
Letting My Entire Company Know I Shaved My Balls
using Tinder the opposite way and i wondered why am matching with girls that i have nothing in common with.
sending a Discord invite to a 4chan user.
telling a customer I have "a lot of junk in my trunk"
accidentally sending my parents gay porn.
giving a facial to my beloved childhood toy
coffeeshop job interview
telling my boss i dont want to throw up yet
taking an evil girl home with me
voting
You'll never believe it
working out on pain medication and hurting myself.
telling my crush/colleague I liked her
thinking my front-facing camera was broken and wasting my entire bank account on a new phone for effectively no reason.
At home mole remover
running into a table with a pencil in my hand.
doing my neighbor a solid and taking out his trash.
smoking weed with my crush
Habaneros anyone?
spraying my date with lube and shit from pegging
embarrassing myself on the dance floor in front of everyone.
squashing a cockroach with my bare feet
pulling on a bungie cord like a dumb ape.
fucking cats and dogs everyday for a year and getting arrested for bestiality
not realising I received a back handed compliment with a slightly racist undertone
I touched a car cigarette lighter AFTER it was hot
dropping my wedding ring in the Brisbane Rivee
visiting my grandparents
going back to my ex ..
giving my boyfriend a blowie.
jerking it with my door cracked.
explaining history to my dumb classmates
shoving shit up my nose.
bringing “weed” to work
cooking with dish soap instead of oil
grabbing what I thought was wild mint
beeping my horn at some random car
attempting to do my own hair
letting my dog sit on my knee
tearing part of my lip off
not telling someone that their partner of almost 5 years cheated on them frequently with multiple people including me and a friend.
when my Mother-in-Law saw me fully nude (M 38)
accidentally flashing my TA and prof my tits
Nutsack Icecream
using spray paint.
leaving my phone out with audio porn on the screen
celebrating my new year by going back through my 2020
I didn’t get my food from a delivery place
saying something I didn’t mean that I thought would hurt them
shooting a basketball inside my home
panic parking in the first spot I could find.
being too 'Canadian'
smoking weed with my muslim arab mom!
letting my dog have the zoomies too hard.
Forgetting my Camera was active during a video conference.
projecting my dick onto my bedroom wall
My fuckup made my crush block me. I want to fucking hit myself in the head with a baseball bat. I'm such a dumbass.
updating our digital display sign
while using firecrackers.
restarting my laptop :(
telling my girlfriend my penis looked like Mel Gibson from Braveheart
telling my girlfriend she had a spider on her.
acci🅱️entally raping crush uh oh
sharing a gag article, getting it to r/all, and crushing people's hopes
telling a girl about /r/tendies
doing the one chip challenge
using my gmail account for the McDonald’s drive through app
Left my 3 year alone with his girlfriend and she tried to make him a man.
trying to make stock
comparing my mouth to a vagina to my dental hygienist.
not proofreading well enough.
telling a hookup I am (technically) a virgin while having sex with her
insulting my aunt
miscalling my grandpa and nearly got police called on me
wanting Krispy Kreme donuts instead of Dunkin Donuts but got a car accident.
not deleting browser history.
killing by cat by crushing
telling my sister to get rid of 'our neighbour's underwear'
being a human bridge
using lotion for prostate orgasms
losing all credibility in the career I aspire to have, when all I had already was just my ambition.
confusing a 01 with a 10
Today I got ghosted for the first time getting caught in bed with best friend’s brother
For accidentally letting my dog chase an old women
sexing my unsexable sex sex
using an airplane bathroom
procrastinating the crap out of online classes and adding a year onto my course
unknowingly telling friends and people on Reddit that my dog had passed away, despite me not even knowing that he'd passed away when I was telling them
New VR Headset had too much "Fun"
using spiced vanilla lotion
trying snowboarding for the first time as a 47yo man.
not removing my bibrator from our bathroom
Wisdom crumb #2
playing The Sims 4 with my window open
asking Mormons to "Tell me more"
sending my girlfriend a sexy text, which she played in her car with her coworker.
when My dog cut herself in an inappropriate area which led to quite possibly the most awkward moment ever.
Did I waste $10,000 in loan money?
dry firing my new compound bow
Worst Day of My LIFE
asking my wife to show me her asshole.
THIS IS THE BEST MUSIC EVER
getting battery acid on my hand because I didn’t know what battery acid looks like
calling my face cleansing brush my "face vibrator"
forgetting to turn the hose off.
calling out my stepmom’s name during sex.
making a salad by my 1 year old
faking a cold to get out of work
I lost the worst bet possible to my younger brother.
being smarter than the restaurant employee
I’m talking to someone and I made a crappy joke.
booking a trip to Bali at the worst possible timing which resulted in me getting swarmed by thousands of moths
spilling wax in my freezer. Any advice appreciated.
not trusting my gut
putting engine oil into fuel tank
using the wrong computer
asking to see a girl underwear in public
i fucked up a 4 year relationship over girl and Minecraft
getting a DUI on the early morning of my dad's birthday.
accidentally being mockingly racist to my favorite Thai resturaunt.
eating 3 grams of weed in edibles
falling asleep warching YouTube
I used a pumice stone where I shouldn't have.
We skipped the line to enter a famous museum and I feel guilty af getting horny, resulting in my gf's period being a week late.
not checking my roasted peanuts carefully
screaming a kids song and having my dad recording it all while im playing sea of thieves
eating a frozen dessert with erythritol
accidentally pressing the SOS button on my phone
not taking any of Reddit's advice -An update to " sleeping with my roommate"
subbing to a sub for made up NSFW stories
getting asking my husband about Pokemon
Unknowingly Insulting my Teacher
riding down a very big hill on a cheap bike.
Gave my conservative mom a vajayjay wink
By making a dumb joke and possibly unintentionally flirting with a younger woman.
burning my lady bits with nair
cumming on a dildo
accidentally deystroying a monitor ):
naming my hotspot password dickbutt123
causing 2 people to throw up by showing then a picture of Rudy Giuliani
leaving my porn tab open
bad
going to the bathroom after starting my workout
crashing my car and the last opportunity of my life
offending a Trump supporter
sticking a popsicle stick up my ass to dislodge my constipation
not hiding the ass plug and the bondage straps.
almost telling my dad where my mom lives.
leaving my soiled underwear in the laundry instead of washing it right away
: Going to my cousins house today
eating leftovers filled with maggots (with pic)
TIFUpdate: Trying to ghost a friend
giving myself a 2nd circumcision
getting angry in front of family today (4pm pst) about guns
because I went through my bfs comments
thinking I was alone in my "fart room" at work
buying a much stronger vacuum
not knowing my earbuds disconnected.
accidently turning in a friend's assignment instead of mine and now we both lost credit for it and I might lose my scholarship.
kicking my SO
wanting to make a rope swing and accidentally making people think I wanted to kill myself
forgetting to buy new power cables for my backup drives
leaving my soiled underwear in my laundry basket instead of washing it right away
remembering my cake day a week late.
not committing sucide
greening out with my sister and my parents found out
letting a homeless man get into my new job's building
keeping a can of bear spray in my passenger side door pocket
tearing my asshole while "having fun"
assuming I'm as good as I was 10 years ago.
updating my phone to iOS14
wanting to play Pokemon Go with a coworker
said stfu to my teacher
looking down the barrel of a .357 magnum
forgetting I have feet
leaving out the orange juice
openly discussing racism at work
R/ trying to close a bidget
grabbing a tin of hot chocolate instead of coffee &amp; camping 115km from the nearest grocery store
This is why I hate Mondays
kissing my girlfriend's twin sister.
not realizing I’m smothering myself
smacking my head on concrete
getting covered in friends pee (NSFW)
getting rabies from the first cat I saw in person
shaving my pubic region and inviting Hell to colonize that area
lacerating my anus at work
to watch TED in a movie theatre full of young families with their newborns
being blinded by emotion
deleting my first Minecraft world
going to the wrong floor with my laundry
going over my gf house to "watch" Netflix but ended up watching Netflix
going on the dark part of the internet
I told my teacher her son was weird...
being an unobservant dumbass.
looking at a C&amp;BT video on accident
sending my dad weird porn.
Icy Hot does not make good toothpaste
screaming at two attractive men
telling a scammer's mom on her
following my dreams
itching my nose after a wank.
Beat up by girlfriend twice and she vandalized my home. Judicial system sucks. Loving someone who abuses you sucks.
Bum wipe
accidentally deleting my own post with loads of upvotes and awards
inviting my tinder match over
sending a topless video to all my coworkers on Snapchat
Having Something Sexual Happen
accidentally selling my bike
Wasting A Good Nut
biting my Dad's hand over sleeping pills
being a horny 15 year old
STanding up for Myself
riding a full jeepney
During Fun Time With My Wife
sending my wife hardcore pornography instead of pictures of our preschooler
not knowing that I blasted a sex podcast on the topic of sucking dick in my parents home.
I realized that remembering starboard is the right side of the boat because starboard and right both have r's in the word is inaccurate
going through my gallery
sending a dickpic to my gf
almost killing my dad with popcorn
when I gave a $500 order of tiles to the wrong customer.
masturbating at work and possibly getting caught
mentioning that my older sister used to live with her ex-boyfriend in front of my brother in-law
setting my wife's loins on fire.
jacking it then not being able to cum
being relaxed about when and where I charge my secret phone.
not being a good enough guitar player
confusing when Mother’s Day is
By answering the phone and then breaking both my ankles
playing obnoxious (and inappropriate) music really loud
watching tv while angry/having a panic attack
not just drinking water and giving myself hemorrhoids
being annoyed by my earwax
breaking a guys nose in Mexico, gettind drunk,possibly roofied and making loud sexy advances to my bf in a cab,losing my wallet with all my money and ID in it and getting attacked by dogs
accidentally showing friend my nudes
ruining a girls life
Upvoted a post from the UK and now i cant get rid of them.
Ate some cookies and could have killed a whole lot of animals
Parked on a van-accessible parking spot
making coffee
wasting 6 months of excitement and $1,200 on a broken PC.
grabbing the wrong cup in the dark and drinking it.
ripping a fat one during an online meeting
and ended up in Madrid instead of Barcelona, and spent 12 hours riding Spanish public transit
accidentally kicking a woman in the head with a soccer ball and sweared in front of her too
peeing from the rooftop of my College building.
borrowing my dad’s face mask to use as PPE so I could give blood, but accidentally gave myself an anaphylactic reaction
putting a bell in my ear
risk of losing friend
I forgot the girl I'm seeing's birthday
using my dildo while my dad and stepmom were out grocery shopping.
not realising what a basic words meant
pushing a red button under my work desk
watching Twitch
AITA for doing gross menstrual jokes with my bf??
almost calling my girlfriend’s mom who is disabled a vegetable…
Introduction
mooning a car.
trying out a suction cup dildo
sending a cute backup gift for my mother to open with family on Christmas Eve, to the wrong person
M19) by agreeing to hookup with a married closeted 25yo guy (SPOILER: he proposed to me)
unknowingsly going on a verbal rampage about my christmas present
getting Caught jerking off in the Most embarrassing way.
looking down and getting pulled over
Got a huge speeding ticket in my Mum’s car (Australia)
ranting with my mic off
watching Attack on Titan session 2 at night and I'm too creeped out to sleep.
feelings
using the wrong method to wash my hair wich made it worse
drawing a dick on a students class presentation
not knowing that they were coming out
suggesting my teacher give points for spelling our last names correctly.
telling a female coworker she was "Drippin rn"
typing to my mother in law that I have aids
Asking Out The Wrong Girl
misunderstanding live video
Submitting a Blank Quiz to My Professor
trying to make chocolate milk cereal
failing to mention Dr. Seuss on Read Across America day
my step dad accidently seeing my "silicone toys"
letting my cousin play fortnite
telling a lady I don’t care she had cancer
Tik Tok Viral Girl
answering a survey falling naked dripping wet
sniffed my cunt
grabbing my girlfriend's boob
getting nervous
thinking I had to throw up
Genius toddler locks up grandma.
scaring the shit out of my neighbor and getting the cops called on me.
fucking my stalker
going to the car wash
coming out with mother
letting my curiosity get the best of me
when I gambled on a fart and lost.
texting my wife a dirty joke
going into work early to fix my phone.
I called the cops on myself
ruining relations with my partner
offering a homeless man a meal and then driving away.
I traded my body and I can’t get out now.
Today I might of fucked up by streaming porn over chromecast to my girlfriends roommate’s speaker.
giving someone creative mode in minecraft in my server
sharing my reddit account
sending a racist message to 270 people
rear ending my dates truck
boyfriend said I never congratulate him on his accomplishments
building a propane bomb in my kitchen?
making night ramen
Check this out
accidentally slapping her.
accidentally taking my sleeping medication when i woke up instead of my SSRI
not thoroughly washing my hands
when I told my friend about a transphobic guy
rejecting my crush without even realizing.
being a complete ignorant *potentially offensive*
Almost hit a pedestrian’s dog.
breaking into my exs house and getting caught by her roomate
waiting too long to commit suicide.
riding a near full jeepney
starting a video chat with a friend while i was beating my meat
Accidentally tasted my own shit causing me to explosively vomit all over my wife and tiny flat.
making my dog think I was going to give him dinner than ruining his dreams
spaghetti explosion
wearing white pants on a very hot day
trying out my wife’s clay mask skin product and forgetting it was on when I went out to run errands.
sending my dad to buy a lesbian BDSM comic book
pausing to take a picture
starting the dryer while my kitten was inside
deworming my mother in law’s poor cats
walking around the city in a PornHub(inspired) t-shirt
By looking at twitter policies
not listening to my wife and finding a mouse under the fridge!
when I accidentally left my USB key at work, my boss’s assistant found it, assumed it was hers, looked on it, found my husband’s porn stash and my work assignments... and had to return it to me.
sending a picture to my dad, not realizing there was something in the picture he wouldn't want to see
having a spider roommate
making my new neighbor think I don’t want to be friends or even have a conversation
forgetting to take my sleep medicine.
making an instagram account.
fucking the computer lab
supergluing myself.
because a man knocked on my door by mistake and I thought he was my new housemate but after all he just wanted to pay for a prostitute
I fucked up today by going 60 down a country road and sliding into a ditch.
accidentally chugging vodka to help with a sore throat
trying to get rid of my erection
doing a slip-up on school.
making my own sex toy
prioritizing my Girlfriend over my best friends grief from a suicide.
flipping off the wrong person
bringing whipped cream into the bedroom
accident
Where is that noise coming from?
I pissed a tall black guy off by just looking at them.
eating my grandmas ass
Any advice would mean a lot
trying to be sexy in a movie theater
Being Polite to my male waiter
Trying to Scare My Older Sister
leaving my wireless earphone case on the kitchen worktop and it ending up in the oven
searching on how to murder my mother.
TIDFU by buying cheap a$$ water shoes on Amazon
making my wife think I have secret criminal charges
BDSM in Poly Relationship
indirectly posting an image of a naked babe into microsoft teams which the CEO ended up seeing.
using a wrong computer
breaking into my work to train
Letting My 6yo Watch A Gory Movie
slapping my mother’s ass instead of my girlfriend’s
taking a dump while on guard in Iraq, infamously becoming known as the Phantom Shitter afterwards
nearly broke my leg twice
crying over being hurt
reading my boyfriend's old messages with girls he talked to before we met.
playing minecraft (wholesome)
kissing a cat
losing my virginity to noodles
getting banned on ask reddit
introducing my niece who just entered puberty to reddit and accidently showing an nsfw reddit
I snitched on an entire class
opening my home email in class
not linking an email to my main roblox account.
over thinking a fight with an ex friend.
not taking No for an answer
I tried to watch South Park today. I got grounded instead
quitting my job too early
taking a crap in my kitchen
Four leads out didn't mean what I thought it did
passing gas
going to the toilet immediately after chopping chillis (NSFW)
squirting on my boyfriend’s face
asking the universe to get rid of an incompetent work colleague and having my wish granted instantly
tipping my waitress $20
letting my girlfriend use the computer
getting too drunk
not taking my moms advice and staying with her
My parents used to rub my butt to help me sleep
breaking my balls while parking
not wearing sports shoes while working out
sending nude photo that was for my husband to a friend from mistake
I think I will never be as embarrassed as this
not remembering who fingered my butthole
Today I fucked up by testing positive for COVID-19...on my first day at a new job...in a respiratory rehabilitation facility.
letting my roommate show me an anime.
GETTING MY FIRST SEMEN CULTURE
slicing the top of my finger off (warning: blood)
accidently sending a photo of my ass as a verification photo [NSFW|
telling my brother the truth about the razor he used
When I accidentally showed an embarrassing video at my high school reunion
talking about how the hot “waitress” was attracted to me to my friend
I made a Westworld Theme Song hip hop remix if anyone wants to listen (It's a beat not a song)
Is there anymore good person nowadays?
when I asked a customer how big her cans are
giving my mom my instagrammable pics just for her casual viewing
becoming a knight errand
scaring a cat we naked terror
placing stickers under my children's plate
hiking a volcano
getting caught with my pants down (literally) saying the n-word in a voicemail to a customer
almost killing myself trying to toast baguettes
when I asked a coworker how their dead father is doing.
falling out of my truck bed and spraining my ankle.
telling my team I’ve not got a new job
living in Massachusetts
handing a child mail
going home instead of hospital
being in a community with gallowboob
insisting we have a three-legged coffee tablewith porn hub and it'll cost me.
getting my girlfriend pregnant during a pandemic
drinking “water” that was dripping from my ceiling
Drowning in a Cup of Coffee
trying to get laid
rejecting a girl I didn’t know had a crush on me
not ordering the new game at morning
writing my password in the wrong box during a webex
(Possible) FU by trusting someone and giving them $60 for something I was looking to buy
making my dad think I had a threesome with a guy from my school
3.6 MIL gone in a click3.6 mil gone in one click
feeding my pet unicorn star dust
showing my friends parents disturbing images
Who let the dogs out?!"
taking a shortcut
leaving the lid off my tide pods
MASSIVELY!!
watching the presidential debate.
getting a COVID-19 test
maybe impregnating a girl
telling my boss he could cum on my feet for $500.
just holding it in for three days
making a joke that ultimetly predicted the future
giving my science teacher a love letter
actually sending a dick pic to one of my friends
masturbating and almost dying
slaying the dragon
playing porn on the tv on a family movie night.
mistook THC oil for CBD oil.
This Search Engine for Real Estate Investors &amp; Wholesalers Sends The Best Deals To My Inbox Daily
letting the dog clean the serving spoon
showing my boobs to my guy friends and half of the restaurant
forgetting my student loans got cut
saying the n-word in a voicemail to a customer
hopping out an old metal dusted tub, falling, and slicing my no no square
getting my mom killed because I didn't buy baking supplies
I Bought a Cat for my girlfriend the day before we move out for the first time
GIVING THE CUSTOMER THEIR ITEMS AND LET THEM WALK AWAY WITHOUT PAYING FIRST.
reading my grandpa the about a boyfriend reading his girlfriend the about a mother telling her child that Bob Ross is dead
wishing my professor whose husband is terminally ill a happy Valentine’s Day
I ruined the best thing to ever happen to me
hugging a stranger.
showing my b-hole to a yoga class
Going to a nude beach fur the first time.
it is serious I'm f***** up please wait till the end
cleaning my dildo. (NSFW?)
Battery charging
Why do people Keep calling me a child molester?
telling the teacher their lesson was stupid
using a toilet seat cover
coughing during a meeting
smashing my computer monitor.
messaging a girl, things got spicy, had an accident.
letting an Amazon AWS cloud computing service run for several months.
telling my parents I’m feeling depressed
taking my handicapped german sherperd too pee
AAAA AAA AAAAAAA AAA AAA AAA?
jizzing my pants
getting gum stuck in my pubes
eating all the cookies
Dogs are too curious
Ordering $160 of Used Games on Ebay
leaving my phone out
Today I fucked up by having adhd
complimenting my SIL's nice boobs
telling a manager to pull his mask up over his nose
shitting in my dads car seat
thinking my delivery driver was a cat and calling him a name
jerking off at an extremely unfortunate time
racking up 4k in high interest debt
try to find candy on the worst possible time and place
not simply checking my passport
asking for ass dust. (NSFW)
not locking my ohone like an idiot
giving my dog Mongolian BBQ chicken
I forgot about fathers day...
losing all my savings on cryptocurrency
shitting my pants on a work night out.
telling a kid in a wheel chair to slow down.
overbooking
forgetting my dogs name.
Tried an edible and then got random drug tested at the job I love
using the washroom with the door open
showing my family my reddit account
showing my dick to my cousin in a videocall
accidentally sending an important letter to a state agency to myself,forgetting how to send a letter by mail
LPT: Always filter your PC before you let anyone on
attempting to walk across a midden
knocking over my 3 day old pee cup
I deleted all the contents of my laptop.
accidentally feeding my cat
taking edibles before work
drinking a ton of water
giving myself a concussionToday I really Fucked Up
accidentally defacing a war memorial
listening to "Last Dying Breath" with my convinced anti-Serbian mother in hearing distance.
dropping my glasses in my diarrhea
getting my wife to buy the bird seed
showing my teacher the nudes I took of my former FWB
He over did it.
my lungs
leaving an old condom on the floor of my bedroom
making a friend think I didn't appreciate his work
asked my 5th grade teacher a question
Today i fucked up and tracked shit inside my apartment...
reporting an unknown car blocking my neighbour's driveway
showing porn to my entire class.
On so many levels! My 16 year old daughter found out we are swingers in the most horrifying way possible. OMG.
not having a drivers license
UPDATE - I asked my sister "who died" and my sister responded "her baby".
going 180 km/h (112 mph) while Life360 recorded it all
leaving something in the shower
acting very badly and now my mom can't watch me and my siblings alone.
thinking my new inhaler would give me superpowers
when I got a huge zit on my butt on a date
swallowing my cousins cum
accidentally ripping hair out of my head.
going to a motel with a guy
making monkey noises
trying to protect my sister from suffering like I had too.
getting excited at the gastroenterologist
I Screwed Up by Getting Caught "Reading" and Naughty Book During a Religion Class
ordering the wrong iPad case
accidentally saying i know how to shoot a gun, now everyone thinks i’m a school shooter
eating an entire bag of spicy Cheetos in the course of 24 and nothing else
letting my girlfriend take an ugly photo of me
having sex with my husband
thinking my dream was real, and telling people I work with the Dixie Chicks were tried for murder.
telling an Uber passenger I wanted to f*** her
not hiding my porn
accidentally deleting 500+Gb of memories with my GF
admitting to my wife that I learned massage by giving them to my mom
almost causing a car accident.
Insect in my uncircumsized penis
I always  being straightforward...
Locked out
annoying my dog and ending up rolling on poo
accidentally calling my dad asshole
twice by getting locked out of the house, trying to pull a spiderman and breaking the water system.
holding a conference call and accidentally leaving my camera on while making fun of my coworkers for doing the exact same.
making a joke about my co-worker’s kids drowning which fell flat.
slicing my clit while I was shaving.
confessing to my crush
sending a DM to my colleague
wanking a bit too hard (NSFW)
forcing three fingers into my ass (NSFW)
walking in on my girlfriend’s mom in the bathroom
Omegle
accidently start loud porn at The grocerystore
Kissing My Crush
A splash of jizz accidentally sent a horribly pornographic gif to my sweet old mother
Tried to sell a punchbag but ended up inviting round a cock flasher
help us out ehhh
stealing from the families of sick infants
Video chat phone sex fail
bringing my coworker a beer when he jokingly asked for it
Financial Paranoia
locking my keys in my home. With roommates/landlord gone for three months. On my birthday.
making lasagna
reading the book my very religious Aunt has been writing, when she forgot to close her laptop
fucking my bestfriend
showing my Telegram account to my Mom
Pebble stuck in my ear
fucking almost 50% of my hearing in my left ear
I SHOULDN’T HAVE GONE CAMPING
playing porn over my car radio
trying to learn animation... From an unreliable Steam app.
playing porn on the bluetooth speaker, with all of my family members at home.
LPT REQUEST  doing a Ownage prank on my 66 year old mother.
My daughter is masturbating with bananas
joking with the hairdresser like I do with my sister
eating a cookie my 9 near old sister made and ended up with one less tooth
Washed and dried my new AirPods Pro
using my Reddit acquired knowledge and ruining grapes.
“cheating” on my final
telling a client at work he deserved to have his mom die.
giving my gf a facial in the hot shower
saying Fortnite sucks in a room full of 14 yr old Fortnite fans
sending a dank meme to the wrong group chat.
trying butt stuff
getting cocky and twisting a testicle
going crashing fullspeed into an old woman, with my bicycle
shaving while wearing sun screen
having the sexy sex sex please give me attention
TIFUpdate: I got Buck-Ragged.
being hungry but no spoon
having my friends brother chase a homeless white dude.
after lunch by appearing stingy
Last night I brought up a sore subject
using cleaning wipes as toilet paper
asking my parents for weed paraphernalia.
I caused my oven to explode
evacuating a military gym.
playing Pokemon Go
making dinner before removing my contacts
getting attacked by a raccoon after my chemotherapy appointment
Falling for A Webcam Scam/Blackmail
Will need surgery after fracturing 5th metatarsal and tearing tendons in foot
having too good of headphones playing basketball
offering a potential supervisor $1 off an exorcism
walking into the wrong apartment
confusing the guy I liked with his twin brother on the first date
health anxiety
asking for a girls number in a cheesy way.
wanting to fart into a person’s face
when I crashed my crushes wedding
my sister's marriage over a cup of tea.
not pressing Ctrl-C properly and pasting some #NSFW tags into an online document review
forgetting to delete my dating profile
thinking my male cat was a female
passing gas beside a boom mic operator
allowing my anxiety to overtake self control at church
Avoiding germs and fucked up
getting my arm caught in my car window
sending my girlfriend the Sex Offender Shuffle
messing up sleep patterns
not thinking logically about stock
masturbating with Flamin' Hot Cheetos dust on my fingers.
accidentally telling a policeman to fuck himself
using my wife's pen.
destroying one of my uncles cars.
That time i almost blew up the chemistry lab
opening my chest freezer
stealing money from my manager
joining discord (title title title title title)
leaving out my candy.
setting the woods behind my HS on fire.
helping my sister get pregnant.
not reading r/politics rules before commenting
sending my girlfriend a big CHUNGUS video
popping a cum condom.
Sneezing with a Nasal spray in my nose.
Prosecco + Eurotunnel =
destroying almost $1 million dollars worth of guitars at the music store
being dirty minded
saying I want to have sex with a drum in front of my entire class
accidentally presenting hentai as my school project
Accidentally followed the ex of my ex from about 10 years ago
putting on a bomber jacket while wearing a cast
telling my wife, “You’re the only one that can make yourself upset because you control your emotions,” during an argument.
telling my friend to go back to Africa
wanting to masturbate in school
not giving my professor the credit he deserves.
not doing preventive maintenance on my trailer.
subliminally telling my daughter that boys are better than girls
I picked tonight’s winning euromillions numbers (£105 million)
Accidentally marked myself as Dependent on my 2019 Tax Return...
used girlfriend’s stoma for sex, now she’s in surgery
telling my wife I started the dishwashing machine.
accidentally ending my growth spurt
falling into an obvious prank
leaving my window open, and losing $4000 worth of stuff
I fucked up..
drinking tea in a bath with a hangover
yelling into a bath towel in front of my new female friend
stealing my parent's alcohol
Pissed on a couch
my car
not realizing how divisive my username would become
calling it like I saw it.
accidentally opening weird p**n in front of my sister
singing a song from Heathers: The Musical when I thought I was home alone
recording the screen but not audio
Nobody cares but I broke my phone by pressing an X button.
thinking a cactus wasn’t prickly.
Scaring a Child about Adulthood
scaring everyone in the village where my dad grew up
A birthday present
saving a concrete floor from ... ... nothing at all, probably.
conditioning my girl to kiss me every time I tooted
being the only one to watch my s/o live streams and now I have to take the secret to the grave
not washing my hands after ghost pepper wings
or last night rather I fucked up, but walking into my girlfriends parents room naked while drunk. It’s hard to explain your way out of that one.
taking "Netflix and chill" too literally
pissing all over the Saint Nicholas holiday food. Literally.
drinking pepto bismol.
cheering for domestic violence in 2nd period
flashing my high beam at a cop
sending an old flame my ring size
making my friends think I was gonna commit suicide while I was taking a dump
getting a covid test at the wrong place.
ignoring lack of sleep and little to no food, and waking up in a gas station with no memories
Family Christmas Wine Night
carrying around a notebook.
Static
putting my head underwater
letting my toddler eat a raw chilli pepper
forgetting to take out my key
More stuff.
sending my 18yo niece a creepy text
accidentally posting my post in actual r/instead of r/circlejerk
having a fire pit.
answering the phone rudely.
spending too long pooping
getting used to being alone in the house
At work &amp; felt like a creep
By eating the bread pudding before it was baked. Now I don't feel so great.
saying inappropriate things in a class chat.
taking antibiotics
rubbing my eye
locking myself (and my brothers) in the bathroom
letting my little cousin play with my ps4
watching the last episode of Hunters first
accidentally getting high off an edible
milking everywhere during online class.
Home Decor Stroe in Carrum Downs
on the school bus
trying to clean my ears
burning toxic wood and then screwing a wood screw into my index finger.
snuggling with my bf
don't breakup with a text
telling my boss my back hurt.
believing the butter was cheese
slamming my dick in the draw and needing a needle down my urethra
trying to buy a house online and losing $4k
going full split.
Tried to enhance my furnace, broke it instead
trying to explain the coronavirus to my 4 yo using a cloud as a metaphor, now she's terrified of clouds...
accidentally Thanos snapping away half our shoes
mouseproofing my kitchen and incentivizing a wild mouse to infiltrate my pet habitat
Daddy İssues
when I invited a previously unmet masseuse to my domicile
banging the Condo Owner (nsfw)
when I melted through a container in the microwave
calling my new boss and A-hole
giving myself a headache every night for a month
sucking on my brother's nuts
screaming “UP YOU ASSHOLE BITCH”
saying “have fun” to my friend who was visiting her grandma who is passing away
opening an app
not paying attention to a recipe and burning my tit
Accidentally Zoom Screen Shared My Drug Usage ‘trip report’ with classmates
drinking outside of the club I was about to go into and ending up stranded at the club by myself because an uber was too expensive.
thinking a manager wanted to dine with a zombie
blaming Samsung for my hygiene problems.
forgetting his mail works.
real bad
d on a history exam
taking a tour of a Catholic Basilica
calling my husband’s aunt the wrong name while panicking and not being sober
not doing my project on time
explaining song lyrics to a couple of 20 year olds
sh***ing myself at the grave of my gf’s father in front of gf’s entire family.
I'm looking for a beautiful man to have some fun with me !
overwhelming my local mailman and now he's not happy with me.
giving my mom a political opinion 🙃
Getting Blackout Drunk &amp; Defecating in my Mates Cupboard for his Dog to find
inviting myself to my daughter's teacher's house right after telling her I tested positive for COVID
Today I fucked up by getting my mom to log me into the computer.
telling my mum to buy drug paraphernalia
misleading my buddy about the nature of queef
not having an idea what I'm worth.
jerking off into a sock for the first time
lost a friend, hurt her feelings badly, and I feel like a fucking smuck.
turning my vision blue
not going to the dentist for over a decade
replying to a company email.
going to a nail salon
leaving my phone open while writing a lab report
rushing through foreplay
riding a folding bicycle
I gave a snapshot of my Driver's License and Utilities bill to a hiring manager who was interviewing me for a job through google hangouts
dropping my friends and having no back up friends in line.
accidentally blasting my ass trumpet in my sexy date's bed thinking he was outside
ordering a vibrator while staying with my Nana
listing an oven for free on fb marketplace...
(successfully) replacing my class hamster...
Wish me luck...
trying to win
turning on my wifi
I forgot where I live, and burned my hand twice.
Waking up coworker at 3am!!!
accidentally giving myself facial...
wearing (M/38) my daughters pink-butterfly hair clip to the supermarket.
leaving a game chat with my friend of 8 years
accidentally giving a ride to a prostitute.
only now realizing that I have been ruining my hair by doing something after every time i showered.
forgetting that I gave myself a stupid nickname on a Secret Santa site two years ago.
playing wap in the car with my uncle
shitting myself in public
I burnt my ass
Stupid thing I did to get a scar
cutting up jalapenos then picking my nose
letting a slightly inappropriate song play in the car with a 3 year old listening.
watching a video of a girl getting a letter from her dog who passed away, in front of the kindergartener I nanny who lost her furry best friend a few months ago.
pissing myself in my car before work.
How I almost got suspended
locking myself out and being too scared to ask for a key.
Seeing Double
trying to impress a girl at camp and nearly died in the process
buying cheap twinkle lights and burning my hair
breaking a guy's "little buddy".
potentially exposing my collection of probably illegal images and videos along side private family photos to a complete stranger.
not washing my vegetables
tipping over about 40 gallons worth of glass from a beer bottle machine.
Arguably the most embarrassing thing I’ve done for a while...
putting cheese in my girlfriend’s water bottle
making a bad joke to a homeless man
but atleast I made a Billiant effort
not labeling a bowl in the refrigerator
back pissing off Gary Sinise at the airport and peeing next to Thomas Haden Church
I got caught beating it my by cousins girlfriend
trusting a ‘stranger’ on the internet
thinking that the delivery guy was an indian tech support scammer
throwing down a large pepperoni pizza and then throwing it back up by triggering my gag reflex
pretending to "kick" my cousin
Last night I fucked up real bad
getting a blowjob from my wife
taking some benadryl for my cold and sleeping my entire shift away :(
5 minutes ago I figured out how to put my underwear on as a 30yo man.
downloading a key logger in my computer
printing a document
racing a slow car
lying to my girlfriend. She lost trust in me and we broke up because of it
punching a man's face
trying to save money by repairing my own fridge.
R
TIGU and I accidentally kidnapped a cat
Getting 5 cop cars called on me and my cousins
using fertilizer for aquatic plants
passing out after a vaccination
walking around the city in an adult site(inspired) t-shirt
purchasing Persona Endless Night Collection
playing with my mom’s vibrator when I was a kid.
sending my wife on our 1st Anniversary trip... by herself
taking a shit in school
piling up boxes near my bed
leaving a mess in the toilet
turning a $30 tip into a $45 tip
learning my deceased girlfriend was actually someone escaped from a psychiatrist
trying to get my long distance boyfriend ungrounded
getting sick at work.
making a shitty joke
losing my job over a second warning with a speeding ticket that happened outside of work.
getting caught with weed
leaving my car unlocked for 5 minutes and lost $1500+
entering the wrong billing address for my PS5 order
accidentally sending my crush horny ramblings about him
spending £700 on a cam girl for nothing
drinking bath water.
trying to put sheets on my sister’s bed
going urban exploring with my BFF and a girl as a first date/hang out, ending up with her in the hospital.
admitting past shady job practices to my boss
being suspended from work for 4 weeks pending an independent psychiatric review, because I shared a few dark memes and called out management for underpaying me.
my older brother caught me watching lesbian porn
booking a hotel
I voted for Trump in 2016
Tried to meet my biological father after 33 years..
when my parents found my friend’s note about him smacking a girl’s butt.
not checking my browser history and private browser before handover of old iPad mini 4 to my sister
I accidentally taught my 6yo nephew how to draw a swastika
wearing a bra on my head
changing in front of the window.
telling my sister to stop picking my pubes
rejecting a job in the middle of this pandemic
not drinking enough water and almost passing out... Again.
letting my cousin use my ps4
accidentally screaming at a teacher
stealing my own car.
clutching at a random woman.
scaring away a long time friend.
masturbating to
lying about being in an accident so I could get plastic surgery but the surgery didn't happen.
not pooping at the gas station.
Masturbating to Demon Slayer Hentai
starting to stream at night.
risky clicking a reposted)
nigga nigga i'm 100 percent nigga nigga nigga i'm 200 percent nigga
me masturbating to a pornstar who looks like my sister
purchasing a game I can't actually play... Twice.
making a very important typo in a work email
my being an elusive poop bandit.
sleeping with my braces
whipping out dick for my 11 year old sister and her friend to see.
partying instead of bedtime
accidentally coming out to my dad
trading classrooms with my identical twin brother for the day
making hummingbird food
falling asleep with my vibrator
breaking my GF's ear drum
using Microsft's Onedrive.
sticking my hand in boiling sealing wax
trusting a dubious man on the internet and getting threatened for it
My dark humor causes problems and I feel guilt af.
showing a teenage cashier a picture of my husbands junk
performing a penis ritual.
showing my nephew how to take drugs
checking the full cast list of a tv show I was watch and spoiled how long certain characters are in it.
Free Masks is available now
throwing a tootsie pop
checking my messages
not dressing appropriately for a Mexican dance and almost failing Spanish class.
downloading Fortnite on my iPhone while I was playing Fortnite on Switch spilling flour down a heating vent
getting shitfaced
I‘m so stupid
rubbing one out to fetish material when I didn’t think my roommate would be back
setting the woods on fire behind my HS
calling a female customer “sir” about 3 different times in under 2 minutes.
urinating at my long time crush's workplace ...
giving a homeless dude chicken
Msgd a Hott Mess from my past life, even though nowadays I am trying to get my Act Right
for Disrespecting a Neighbor
signing up for SPAM calls
going live on Facebook
buying a Justin Bieber singing toothbrush
having no sexy times
Not closing my store will cause me to miss the birth of my child, and possibly lose my business swallowing what u thought was my meds.
going to class with a hickie
putting my graphics card under water just to proof a point
accidentally drinking acetone
signing up for my ex girlfriends best friends only fans
whistling the National Anthem of Nazi Germany in front of some elderly Jews.
LANDING IN THE ER AFTER S***
when my brother walked in on me masturbating but theres still a chance he doesnt know
Not Realizing I Was Supposed to be on Zoom in Class
letting my girlfriend be ignorant
listening to a debunking of alt-right BS
trying to spark up our sexlife. asking out my cousin without knowing we're related
jokingly telling a black guy I won't feel bad if he is hanged
asking my boyfriend if he's just waiting for me to break up with him. Then he did break up with me!
suggesting we try anal after eating at Olive Garden
getting a lifetime ban from Walmart.
getting lead poisoning from my fucking coffee cup.
taking my medication not knowing what the hell was going to happen
sending an inappropriate link to my college students
getting a plastic bag stuck in my radiator fan
calling a girl ugly when she had complimented me.
exposing a customer as having an affair
doing acid with my ex's mom.
Not Realizing My BF’s Mom Was In The Room
cumming in my own eye
telling my mom about “the second wave”
Accidentally Bringing Religion into Bed
I spilled homemade deodorant on my shirt, it looked liked c*m
TIFUpdate: I survived my suicide attempt and I got help, thank you!
letting go of my dog's leash
almost blinding myself with a nerf gun
missing obvious signs in a tinder hook up and getting creepy
making an inappropriate joke to my nurse.
reporting a preventive medicine distributer to the police
getting pencil lead stuck in ear, getting dragged to ER twice and social services getting involved
icing a box cake and for charity and having the Dean and President of the school end up bidding on it.
sending my Medical Marijuana Resume to the wrong company.
throwing away a plate of food my mother cooked for me after I had already told her I was going to eat dinner at home
trying to attend a cancelled college wind ensemble class
being permanently banned on the subreddit and now created this new account to bypass the ban by posting posts again
using Face Unlock
Taking Linzess While Traveling Out Of Town
telling my cousin that he have real super powers like Batman which led to him jumping from the balcony.
accidentally grabbing a girl's ass
reading some texts
getting scared looking at my own mother's face
venting about someone that was in my chat party
being a friendly IT yes-man
asking a bald girl if she had cancer.
setting the New Kid on Fire at work
Mowing
laughing at someone after they asked why their debit card kept declining
getting in a zoom meeting while going to the bathroom
eating a pickle
USING A CANDLE AS A POCKET PUSSY
wanting some privacy for a private business
chewing on a bottle cap
Walking to a Restaurant Instead of Driving bc It was “Easier”
telling my mother of rebel against the matriarchy.
Need a serious relationship.
Pranking My Pakistani Relatives
soberly peeing in a public park in the middle of the day.
Hello everyone,I will appreciate any support to my channel.I livestream and upload videos!
Got scammed out of all my money I got as a gift for Christmas.
telling someone their (deceased) dad sent me to get a package from them.
trying to blend in with the group
Ordering a 30 Count Box of Candy Bars
(eating) frozen candy
telling my girlfriend i have suicidal thoughts
accidentally playing "The Sex Game" with my mother.
falling asleep with a chewing gum
walking in the dark with a glass of lemonade down a flight of stairs
flashing a single boob to husband near a mirror
Dry Erase Marker on Concrete
submitting a grad school assignment.
i ruined 2 puffs i just bought
taking a bath... then ending our Valentine’s Day by having my SO rub antacid all over my body.
copying and pasting on Zoom
being a nosy bam!
creating an account called permanentlybanned69420 in a game last year
douching
almost getting my ass beat
trying to get my friend to post something and having admin find out
Taking cbd before a drug test
washing my penis before sex making peeing feel like flames.
gesturing about a banana hammock to my lead at work
with the company truck
Flirting with my cousin and exposed for it
thinking cleaning your ears was just for old people and not cleaning my ears for just under 18 years
blowing my nose in a silent online class
forgetting I had the car.
as an older cousin looking out for his younger cousin
A Freudian slip?
doing the sexy sex with a rubber ducky and all the soap got all over my face.
buying clear wrapping paper
slicing my buttcheek open
not trusting my symptoms.
sleeping on lunch break
not knowing that i have radio in shower cabin
telling my friend that her fiance is not that good looking.
almost blowing my USB hub up
not showing my head properly during a test
with a kegel ball and a long vagina
keeping a pagan altar in my bedroom and sleeping naked
introducing crows to loquats.
doing a prank that almost ruined my life
messing up my midterm 1 submission.
drying clothes
masturbating with my roommate's vibrator
I tried to be compassionate with an inexperienced college kid and now I’m screwed
having a semi in a family picture
posting a guide on how to build a gallows on my company chat client
going to a live stand-up comedy show
asking my ex-girlfriend how she was feeling today
I accidentally ate roadkill because I thought it was a jelly from a donut.
meeting my dad for the first time
not disconnecting from the Bluetooth speaker
using womans Brazilian bikini wax on my Male undercarriage.
forgetting I scheduled apartment maintenance
Well this happened...
thinking I’d get laid from a phone charger
cumming to my puppy face
not turning on the hallway light
Accidentally posted pornhub link in MS teams chat
Scatmanning a girl I was dating
going to see John Cleese
because i cum on my aunt’s underwear
What should i do
New to Reddit how it work
pouring hot water into a glass pitcher.
leaving a glass of communist lemonade on my desk
Skipping Class
talking to myself during work
Missing Dinner
squirting an enema out of butt while having sex.
jumping off of a rock while hiking and breaking both legs.
playing a video game and making the cops show up
i feel like an asshole
I'm big dumb
getting what I orderedwife got raped, my friend laughed and i proceeded to fuck him up. (hard)
calling my brother a bitch ass whore...
falling in love with my best friend who leaves in 2 weeks
by asking my doctor to write me off to get my hip fixed in February
pulling something straight out of Mean Girls
letting wife take care of bedroom funtime arrangements
trying to use my fathers credit card to get a gym membership.
pouring hot grease down the drain at my college dorm causing multiple leaks in the building.
pouring petrol in my machine’s hydraulic oil tank
losing my phone and ruining my tracking methods
walking into my room and making sex noises and gestures.
deciding that dealing was a good career choice and subsequently destroying my life.
accidentally charging a customer money for what he claimed to be a “free” watermelon.
getting high during a video conference.
using social media as an excuse to douse my wife with water... now my legs are burning.
realizing my penis was average sized
trading oral favors from a single mother in exchange for rent
accidentally queefing into my boyfriends mouth
trying to be a decent person and help someone in the disability community out (long read)
being first in queue...
calling out of work
Sleeping With My Best Friends Dad
getting Zip-tied to a fence
saying I would smoke p.c.p. And rape some guy named Duke.
Not racist!
I gave my friend my reddit username. sneezing
giving my abusive mother a second chance
Trump must Hang.
picking up a candle.
telling my dad I caught ligma
ignoring my plants pest infection
well not today) by shattering my parent's window.
eating half a dry baguette
almost breaking my ankle
typing orgasm instead or organism in a science assignment...
SOMEONE HELP I DONT KNOW IF MY BALLS ATE OK
TIFI by eating cheese
eating hot peppers, beating my meat. Burnt my dick
Accidentally Conditioning my Cat
letting my wife laugh-vomit water and cookie crumbs all over me
teaching my girlfriends' daughter how to "jersey" people.
How do I approach this situation?
tidying up after myself
accidentally getting sexual with my dentist, again.
putting my couch outside in my apartment balcony
venting to my boyfriend about feeling passively suicidal and unhappy and expecting validation and support instead of advice.
logins into a Zoom call as Mike Hawk
driving past my ex's place
masturbating while dad was home
“looking” at my sister’s crotch
Télécharger
Scaring My Cat and Getting a Real Gross Surprise
Today I fucked up and drank my own puke...
cleaning my septum piercing for an interview
sending a NFSW text and pics to my entire work team!
not looking around the parking lot when copping from my dealer
Thinking she was too good to be true
getting fired for cursing out a pregnant customer who threw her dirty mask and napkins at me
leaving one block out
drinking soy milk with pizza
air vomiting (massive burping) on a Covid nurse
yelling at someone in a restaurant parking lot
Telling My Daughter Chocolate Helps Period Cramps
putting something else in my bike other than gas
walking in on my bro swinging the snake to his n*de gf
ordering a pizza instead of spaghetti in front of my crush
S A RESTAURANT, KEEP MOCKING, YOU PAY MONEY
not realizing my phone was still connected to the family chromecast outing myself as a degenerate weeb.
answering a message on reddit and losing my faith in humanity
I've been mispronouncing my ex's name for 5 years.
shaving
breaking up with my girlfriend because she had the wrong nose.
clogging the toilet and ruining thanksgiving
refusing to go to sleep.
rip $30 on minecraft
Pinning the Throttle
leaving my expensive new headphones on my bed while I was asleep.
going on 3 dates with the same girl and not realising they were dates
having my mom *almost* wipe her grandchildren off the floor
confessing to my supervisor because I thought he was into me
Pepper sprayed by my own girlfriend
sleeping with a hooker
accidentally telling my friend his Christmas present was half-assed
my mam seeing a condom fall out of my bag
supporting a terrible post.
got my friends some girlfriends
implying my sister was leaving me sexually unfulfilled.
catching a Pokemon at 3am and almost dying
Wearing a Uniform to a Football Game
accidentally getting my 66 year old mother high
allowing my grader take decisions on his own
when I broke a long awaited replacement in 16 hours.
not eating spaghetti
missing every cue my crush has given me.
Masturbating In Public For Years (NSFW)
people who grew up in orphanages, what is your fate?
multiple times by trying to talk to a girl on the way home but couldn't because I was too shy
dropping deodorant on my cock after vigorously jerking it to anal porn
burning my hair with a lighter...
turning the sprinklers on some solicitors.
getting so heavily drunk I (maybe) dirtied the bathroom and my girlfriend blamed it on the cat
Holding A Random, Wild Mouse.
trying to jump over a rusty stake
smoking weed with my really good white Christian friend which led to him cutting me off
not eating enough, then going for a hike in the sun.
Exposing Carolina Reaper to Direct Heat
sneezing in class
commenting underneath r/darkjokes and mods claim that i’m a pedophile.
accidentally making my 9 year old think I have COVID.
Telling my parents I was planning on moving countries
Different Meanings
riding in a canoe
picking up an order for Indian food (I'm allergic to cloves).
Eating Bad Foods Causing A Seizure
I fucked up by shitting my pants at Auto Zone
accidentally swallowing a cherry seed flying by the entire police corps doing twice the speed limit and almost losing my license
and used 3 months worth of birth control on a month
my foot and a potential piggyback ride
presenting a video to my class that had strippers in it
possibly contracting covid
looking up while on the toilet
insulting my in-laws religion.
accidentally deleting 10 years of my life
saying I wanted a baby
losing body control, my girlfriend and a great pair of jeans
leaving the fridge open for a couple months
letting my Godfather hit my dab pen
LPT :  taking my night meds in the morning
Ordering An Extra Large Butt Plug
going with someone some place i didn't know with 25 Grand and almost lost them and my life...
Showering
City Curfew
performing a little home DIY surgery.
missing my flight. THREE TIMES.
buying a surge protector
smoking medical weed for the first time
giving Trump ideas of injecting cleaning agents to fight Corona
Getting sprayed by a skunk and smelling like trash for a day
having an emergency SOS text system on my phone
gifting my neighbor/FWB one of those erotic coupons for Xmas
dropping my mom
making a farm on google maps at my coding teachers house
not going to the store because it was raining
taking advantage of someone who’s young and hurt.
taking money from a blind person
fucking myself in the ass with my best friend's Iphone
mixing up the words chauvinism and chivalry on a date
leaving a major uni assignment to the last minute
asking a community of assholes a simple question.
refusing money from my elderly neighbour.
getting my penis caught in a zipper
and was too fast with a period joke
for letting my husband ski with my shitty ski gloves
not shaving and spooking a mother and her daughter.
reading erotic fanfiction to my 3 year old son
coughing in public
smoking weed while my parents were home
eating cereal with milk
and she might break up with me
throwing up in my girlfriend's face.
breaking my guitar string during the quarantine
prank texting a grieving mother pretending to be her deceased son.
This was a few days ago but i bought a cloak with the intention of using it in everyday life.
sending a text message to the old man fixing my car telling him he’s a fucking weirdo.
a lot, left my car parked outside school and now its been towed
setting my hair on fire while cooking
scaring my boyfriend, ouch...
going to the bathroom in just boxers while having morning wood
vomiting on my car stereo.
breaking a fan while I was testing its strength to hold my body weight if I plan to commit suicide
sledding into a wooden fence
mistaking a small elderly woman for a minor
i had sex
messing around in the comments on reddit
hooking up with my second grade teacher
telling my mom way too much about the new guy I’m seeing
getting on the wrong train
giving myself cancer via LEGO
having my boyfriend over while my brother and his friend where home
punching an old lady in the face at the Air &amp; Space museum
Not attending my own birthday party
trusting a girl I met on Tinder and accepting her home baked goods
telling my bf that I KNOW I'm bi because I have feelings for his 79 year old grandma
moaning in front of my entire online class
getting high before I walked to the vending machine
well last night) by falling asleep with a damned chocolate bar
Put potatoes in a blender to make mashed potatoes quicker.
Went in for surgery and ended up really annoying a nurse
taking leftover cake from a complete stranger during a pandemic.
trespassing on an Australian Navy Base
learning I gave myself tinnitus with a $20 dog training trinket
not moving my collection
dropping my works Food Cart on the floor
trying to pop my neck
and now my son looks like Mr.Clean.
texting my crush about SpongeBob
SWEARING in a Class Meet!
snapchatting the wrong person
Today I fucked up by trying to help a sad teenager.
not realizing in time what my neighbor was like
thanking my dog for peeing on me
posting a nude to my snapchat story
NSFW My dad thought the house was burning down and I saw his whole dick
almost burning our house down
leaving my neighbor’s meat pastries at Walmart
Today I fucked up by getting in the wrong car
letting the Christmas tree fall over..
for pretending to be my biology teacher in middle school
making my mom think I was fingering my self
my brother’s fiancée thinks I’m a misogynistic asshole
sprucing up my sons guitar
going to my local recreation center and entering the locker room
mixing 5 substances, barely sleeping, going to work and questioning the meaning of life
leaking my wife’s sex tape
taking doxycycline for a UTI and subsequently giving myself a gut infection. (SIBO)
accidentally following my mom on Reddit
thinking it was a good idea to stand up on a seesaw
trying to be honest in the worst possible way
getting scared when suddenly tickled by dad
almost breaking my finger for life
got caught cheating on my girlfriend
asking Alexa to play a song by the wrong name.
accidentally making a really friendly co-worker cry
r/i accidentally made fun of my friends dead mum.
not turning off my TV
sending profesor 159 page long cheat sheet
drinking a Spike
Told an ESL student to read the book (which is in English)...
masturbating in a sock and getting frost bite (not really)
opening up a panic alarm when I was told not to open the panic alarm
eating white chocolate coconut balls.
betting on the wrong team
making my sister cry pointing out she uses government backed programs
combining parkour and childish stupidity.
standing up too quickly from lying only to Black-out and collapse onto the ground
not doing my job right and nearly getting blamed for tens of thousands of dollars of damage
wearing a pink frilly dress to a ballet in Paris, France
Breaking My Chair
because I wanted some tacos
trying to teach some driving basics to my GF
ruining my whole relationship with a person I genuinly cared about
Trying to better myself by abstaining from alcohol and stimulants for 1 week, falling short and probably getting fired.
They wanted to cut my Cheerio baby out of me and I said No.
BUTT FUCK BUTT FUCK BUTT FUCJ
being too polite
embarrassing my bf in front of his class
I'm ZOOPHIL!!
coming on this wack ass sub
shaving my beard to see what I look like without it
accidentally cold-turkeying an antidepressant notorious for its withdrawal symptoms.
not investing my money in a 401K at a job I worked for 9 years.
breaking a fan
losing my best friend
falling asleep in the school library
taking my anti depressants
being too lazy to buy eye drops
not using my mic for the past two weeks of school
not being aware of the "not actually today" warning.
accidentally cumming in my blanket
using the toilet in an unventilated and public space inside a hospital.
getting really drunk and breaking a glass window with my elbow
nutting in my own eye
waiting too long to claim a ticket and attempting to purchase one on Craigslist twice
Costing myself $300 after buying a new car
*UPDATE*  trying to surprise my boyfriend and accidentally flashing his parents in the process.
trying a cana vape for the first time
reading a at work.
peeing on my girlfriend during my orgasm
opening my friend’s Safari app
getting drunk for the first time on my roommate's bday party
letting my friend use by Bike!
not shitting at work
learning body language to well
puking in front of everyone at the gym.
almost light myself and my house on fire.
I continued a message to the wrong person
almost losing my finger
possibly having sex with my daughter
telling my customer that there's tons of money in this building i work at
feeding my foster sister's daughter vegetables
getting a prolapsed hemmorhoid
cleaning out my old makeup
accusing two guys who came to my home to put together a bed I bought of stealing an expensive item I hid
sending a dick pick to not only the girl i like ,but also her best friend .
getting caught with "Adult" toys.
Awkward Rick and Morty post on my instagram feed at my new school
pissing my pants in the middle of the street
Marrying My Highschool Sweetheart
getting my living room trashed, hitting my fiancée and getting 'arrested'.
taking my puppy into a store without a lead
sending my nudes to my dad.
TIFUpdate thought my switch was stolen when it wasn’t.
beating up my sisters fiancé after mistaking him for a house robber and the police got involved.
accidentally having really hot sex with a girl (female with big boob).
forgetting how we got our couches into my apartment.
eating a bag of hot cheetos in one hour, causing me to have spicy diahrea every few hours
rating the girls in my classes
finally having my "have to drop out of school" Zoom call
leaving my phone at home and giving my 18-year old sister the password
calling a dead person with the intention of asking if he wanted to work.
while being on a date and crying like a waterfall
being declared a missing person.
rolling down my window while stuck in traffic.
What???
stepping on a garbage bag full of broken glass
5 steps to get a six-pack ab at home without hitting the gym
hooking up with my sister's friend
watching my dog
arguing with my mother
ruining christmas for my siblings.
giving someone an edibles card ‘Astrocakes’ I had in my purse instead of my work business card.
falling on my ass after seeing a dead pig in the fridge
working with a broken toe
sticking something up my ass.
having sex in my parents’ house
thinking it was a good idea to freeze candy before eating
letting my boyfriend smack my ass
staining my house with cum
swearing at my friends mum thinking it was my friend
forgetting my friend’s birthday for three weeks
having my colleagues caught on CCTV
being over hydrated for an interview
breaking the trust of someone close to me
Setting up fire works
misunderstanding a word
faking a Haunting
I ripped my vagina.
slipping in the bathroom...
almost getting my Mom fired from her job
being a good employee
Looking At My Dad's Screen While He Was Looking Through Different USB Drives
projecting my frustration onto a recycling bin
losing hundreds of dollars in a day because I was born with a body type of a woman.
Post bath mishap
screenshotting my best friend's sexy snap..
having only 2 days (compared to months I though I had) to ask a girl out due to coronavirus about to shut the schlll
having asthma.
Dead kids
exposing myself to my father in law
Today I fucked up-state NY actress Emma Roberts
using scented candles
attempting to make fermented hot sauce.
Nice to meet you... Crushes hand.
Accused of starting a fire
I have been stuck wearing a particularly... feminine... skin suit for a while now.
cleaning my PC,
being naive in student dorms
accidentally unmuting myself during a video conference call
posting a tiktok video that popped up on my 9 y/o sister's phone
assuming I got bday present from my cousin
getting a vibrator stuck in my butt
setting off fireworks over a lake at my family’s vacation home and almost killing my entire extended family.
wanting to use a hairbrush as a dildo
masturbating ferociously
letting my toddler dress herself
deleting 2 years of pictures from my phone
accidentally talking baby talk to my new boss
encouraging my fiancée to fact check.
I made a fork explode
leaving a quesadilla in my sweater.
wrapping goo around my Dick
destroying my TV
having my phone on silent
finding out that I'm loud during sex.
for acting like Leo, in Titanic
Playing Otep in My Garage
financial paranoia
teaching my dad to use a Bluetooth speaker
not replacing our water filter in 2.5 years ***Picture***
Giving a big hug from his family to my best friend 🤗🤗🤗
for letting my husband ski with my shitty ski gloves.
forgetting to clear phone tabs.
not closing a door.
trying to feed young kid and making myself cry
not being cautious and aware
trying to test if my super powers had suddenly awoken.
spending $50 on accident
accidently saying my crush "I love you"
Talking With My Ex's Pyscho Dad
taking a CBD/THC gummy that was too strong and giving myself a heart attack.
sending my official transcript to myself
Cell Phone Troubles
finding out that we've been mistreating our chessboard
calling a friend “CCP’s bootlicker”
Almost Killing Myself and 2 Friends
using a racial slur accidentally while talking to my new manager
trying to be active and healthy
letting my coworker put the fear of a heart attack into my mind permanently
falling asleep while sunbathing and getting sunburnt
convincing 12 yr olds our house is haunted
falling over
drinking tea.
having sex in a messy bed falling thru a glass table
Today I f'd up getting coffee from McDonalds
slicing my eyebrow open on my ps2 and going to the hospital
calling dad annoying
Accidently had my mic unmuted while having sex
not closing the washroom door.
my finger by using a packing tape dispenser to pack boxes
going to a gay ballad
possibly busting a nut in the wrong hole...
forgetting about music
eating Popeye's and blowing up the toilet and my social standing
not muting my mic and my whole class heard my sailor mouth.
making a hole in the drywall of my friend’s new house
Masturbating has got me fucked up.
giving bad attitude back to an angry tailgater
i had sex
drinking cold water
drinking my finger nails
needing to drop a mud monkey
doing the dishes and ending up in urgent care.
Improving my dream-fu &amp; axe-kicking a table
getting scammed for almost all of my savings that was in CSGO items.
needle stick on Hep C+ patient
trying to impress my neighbors by jugglingUPDATE: .308 Gunshot Pics NSFW
My 11 year old story is a lost lottery ticket.
big time... (sorry this is so long!)
ending a sales call with a customer by using calling her Karen
moisturising my face with foaming shower gel Shooting Bullets Into My Dad's Winter Gear Bag
yelling for help in a bad dream
Accidently pointed out to a classmate about his disability that he didn't know he had and embarrassed him..
overcooking some tacos, leading to lots of bad things.
my trusting the toilet paper holder
"loosing" my menstrual cup not realizing I was wearing two at the same time
slicing my clit while shaving.
ordering take out
taking a dna test
eating one of my dad's weed muffins
comparing my penis to a cucumber I bought
Sending a rant about my mom... to my mom
leaving my tabs open and my little sister finding out that I watch porn
getting a handjob on new years
Today I fucked up by giving myself a second asshole.
not being able to upload a photo on my tinder
Almost killed a friend by recommend him Keto Diet (also some info if you want to start Keto diet)
drinking too much at my cousin's ring ceremony.
letting an elderly woman go before me in a bus
I wrapped my underwear into my sister-in-law’s gift
by yelling too hard and making my ass sore
not asking for a stranger's number
choosing a course that I cant handle, and not taking college seriously
By giving a friend a ride and breaking both armsfor being a hearless bastard by caring about someone I care for
Today I fucked up by using my real voice in front of my longtime girlfriend
self harming by slashing my forearm with a blade and now I have to wear full sleeve clothing because I live with my parents and I don't want them to see.
TIFY by Thinking I had to deliver Chinese food to my ex's house
children singing
but also got extremely lucky
shooting cum in my girlfriends face
showing my boss my “some bones”
I fucked up by not breaking a mans jaw?
emailing my wedding guests
getting accidentally high before an interview and then crying out of ONE EYE halfway into it.
during my most important final.
pulling the world's most unnecessary all-nighter
Telling My Friend She Wants To Her Friend Die
accidentally fapping my meat in front of all my classmates
having the sexiest sex a sexeaezer could evrrever sex up
showing a screenshot to my cousin
Wife travels and don’t want to watch porn
having too much chocolate milk and not enough attention span.
snorting Coke Cinnamon
asking a young girl to put both her legs out of the tube
inspecting an empty hotel room.
baking cookies
going to court for a speeding ticket
sending a whatsapp sticker to a friend
and Holy Moley did we fuck up....
discovering this community and reading a post that gave me anxiety.
accidentally looking up porn on a work computer.
showing a stranger my butthole
going for a walk at 1am
accidentally starting drama with 20+ people
pushing my babysitter down the hill in an office chair.
My first awkward sexperience as a parent
ordering my lunch off of grubhub and accidently sending it to my former employers.
self harming/burning
for mistakening a rare mouth infection called Ludwig Angina for a sore throat! - Get everything checked out!,
making my friend's crush think he was gay.
“yelling” at parents and their child with cancer
talking shit behind someone else's back
making homemade dog treats for my dog
attempting a movie reference in a shop
accidentally calling a customer old.
writing the wrong apartment building
misreading my work schedule
cutting jalapeños and then rubbing one outI'm not sure if I lost my Best Friend
using the restroom at the DMV
my relationship
My newbie Reddit ass forgot simple rules and screwed up big time
By telling an 8 year old that her Dad’s Parkinson’s was ‘Super cool’
not following the 5 second rule.
ejaculating on my cat
assuming I knew where someone worked
quoting from a British comedy
getting my girlfriends pizza for her
I accidentally slapped a small french child in the face
offering a child’s ticket to a mother
getting my Talklife account permanently suspended
relating a story about a MICU death I recalled which upset my adult child
drinking from an open water bottle, freaked out thinking it was bleach water and that I was gonna die, realized it was watered down hydrogen peroxide, and then profusely vomited.
thinking school was over
talking about my girlfriend's grandparents
broadcasting my sexy dream to my partners COD game
streaming porn to my married neighbor
accidentally telling someone I'm a hairless gay man and receiving an unsolicited dick pic.
lying to a friend about her tarot reading results.
I looked up my boyfriend's reddit
eating peppermint chewing gum
road raging at my uncle
3
trying to treat my itchy penis
getting my nipple stuck in the showerhead then ripping it off
making make-shift dildos.
thinking that "Nigatoni" was a real type of pasta
saying ‘what?’
ejaculating into a woman’s dirty panties.
sucking my own dick
trusting the nutrition label
having le sexy sex
spraying deodorant up my ass
burying my neighbor's dog in snow
correctly guessing and, at the same time, making fun of my girlfriend’s birthday gift for me
buying oregano containing a liver disease causing substance
accidentally ejaculating on a floater in the toilet
unleashing a pack of vampires onto an unsuspecting village
turning into a human bread making machine
pretending I knew jail house etiquette
falling asleep on the job and forgetting what day it is
sending my bandmates a video of me moving one eye independently and now my eye feels messed up
revealing to my parents that I am a semi-functioning alcoholic and having to take out a $70,000 loan as a consequence.
I fucked up the relationship
brother shot me in head with a pellet gun
opening an email and spamming potentially Millions of people
having a spicy time with my wife
I’m sorry
asian squatting on a hospital toilet bowl
provoking an actual hacker into deactivating my internet.
singing a dirty song during my online classes
stretching in class
talking smack in a mobile game
Accidents happen lol
masturbating inside a minion
By not checking my insurance coverage before taking a job.
telling my guest his gift sucked
almost burning my house down.
Gave blood, stabbed myself and copped a covid swab up my snoz hole.
breaking a 2 year dry spell
Today I fucked up by almost hitting a elk cleaning my husbands tv screen after he told me not to
forgetting my coworker's last name and ended up getting my manager sued
cleaning my teeth while waiting in line at the drug store
telling my friend "at least im not a ****ing rigger"
feeding my whole family my cum on Thanksgiving.
walking on a dead leg and subsequently breaking my toes
giving my child (3M) reward stickers
skipping an exam to eat really strong brownies and my mum got a phone call from the school
Ignoring a phone call
Buying Peanuts
spilling water on my painting I’ve been working on for four hours.
NOT DRYING MY HANDS AFTER I WASH THEM AND MAKING THE WOOD ON MY DESK ROT WHEN I PUT MY HANDS ON IT WHEN TRYING TO USE THE MOUSE AND KEYBOARD
kicking my father in law out of my house
masturbating myself until I passed out.
cleaning an old communications receiver and getting interrogated by my parents
vomiting on clothes at Brandy Melville
making a child swear.
I ate Arby's
taking too many ED supplements
throwing up at a wedding
rebooting my friends computer
giving my partner a haircut
talking with an ex colleague
thinking I was God of Love Making in Bed
buying a used PlayStation 2 on Letgo that caused me to face my worst fear.
telling my mom I remembered my endoscopy infront of nurse
jerking off my grandfather.
hurting myself and not getting help
watching the finale during health class.
spending a bunch of my parents money on my internet "girlfriend."
discovering I have mistakenly washed clothes without detergent for the past four years.
eating my sister’s crust
stealing from an old Veteran.
I think I just had sex with someone with Visible Genital warts.
picking up a hitchhiker and then showing up to my own funeral.
being too polite about my dislike for raisins
getting a haircut during COVID
accidentally getting incredibly stoned before presenting my thesis
showing my balls to the neighborhood, and probably to more people on a Zoom call
trying to take my girlfriend to her favourite sushi place.
falling for a discord scam.
mistaking my shadow for a shark
sending a dick pic to my sister
having ginger ale.
not taking down the Christmas Tree
serving my fiancée my toenails... twice
trying to kill myself and losing a friend by doing so (possible TW?)
adding too much magnesium to my water
doing a Ted from HIMYM
wearing AirPods and a baseball hat to a job interview
not confirming the bet I placed
My cousin saw my boobs
TIFUpdate Putting my phone in the pool
creating a new game called “radio vs 3000 pound tractor”
bringing a sex toy in the shower
Obviously years ago.
mixing up my present and past addresses for delivery and embarrassing myself
How do you get over stage fright ?
My account
fucking my best friends ex
not knowing NFL colours
silently panicking while hot oil spilled everywhere
I got my wife pregnant while engaged to another woman.
being late to a Mrbeast event.
turning my ex girlfriend into a pornstar
sexily sexing a sexy sex
well... this dude
going down on a dude and accidentally desecrating my father's memory
staying up with people on a discord server and waking my parents up
driving to the store without my wallet
trusting my farts
having drunken sex with a friend while my wife watched
standing while peeing
telling the girl I like that I have a GF (hear me out)
thinking that I am loved
buying mens (F) pyjama pants
putting the wrong solution in my contacts
talking about how awkward lessons are going to be (back in school) in front of my teacher on zoom
thinking my butt gas did not have a smell
Broke the windshield
being curious
trying to teach my toddler to say "Mama"
burning myself trying to hide my lighter
contacting my Ex after 12 years
accepting an online date
breaking my glasses and trying to fix them with superglue
teaching my mom how to use Facebook
texting one of my exes
taking my eye off my three year old for 30 seconds
reading the words on a graphic tee out loud in front of a random family
almost making myself deaf
not eating lunch
I was trying to send my current girlfriend a pic of me from a couple years ago and sent a nude of my ex from a couple years ago
Best
eating Chic-fil-a and drinking caffeine
leaving the sunroof open in my car
masturbating with a belt around my neck then taking a nap
thinking whilst walking to the bathroom
sending my father the receipt for my sextoy
not understanding the Scottish accent
slicing my foot open
Answering An Ex's Text To Met Up
climbing on the roof
almost killing one of my managers with edibles.
not reading a label
spilling a large container of tea at work
being a dumbass in the worst location possible
inferring that my college’s quarterback should of played basketball
spending all of my school grant($500) on funko pops?
accidentally planning a 3some with 2 well-endowed guys; Former hates Latter, and Latter is obsessed with Former
spilling hot soup literally on my vagina
not asking his age and then by not measuring distance from his school
telling a girl I like she looks like Yennefer from The Witcher
following gps
burning off half my beard and the hair on my right arm.
exposing my bare ass to a load of horrified parents &amp; kids whilst attempting to wash a strangers wee off my butt in a basin
wearing a grey hoodie in the subway and being almost beat by a man and his young son for that.
missing the 'o' in reddit.com
wearing a valuable item.
eating a bud when I ran out of edibles
A guy I trusted shouted out who I like in English what do I do?
shorting out a school computers PSU.
I was Framed by the feds and sent to federal prison because I was exposing federal corruption online while on federal probation.
I accidentally witness my cousin sexting her BF
revealing my cock size to my family
taking the most expensive piss I’ve ever taken
eating mystery takeout left at my front door
getting an entire 7/11 to think i was a white supremacist.
Today I fucked up by picking up someones air pods for them
trying to clean my drug test cup.
putting my shoe on without checking.
sitting on a toilet seat with poop on it
exploding hot oil in my sink
when my wife showed me her Snapchat filter
6th grade stupidity
locking myself in the back of a dark van and not being able to come out
realizing my power sockets aren't actually broken.
flooding the school bathroom, securing everybody a 2 day "holiday"
really, really observing daylight savings time
giving myself capsaicin poisoning.
forgetting which line my audio was on
looking super creepy while attempting to prank my boyfriend
trusting a man on a dating app.
I made a girl throw up her dinner at this strangers house and since I wouldn’t help clean it up, this other girl cleaned up it with her bare hands
peeing in the woods
adding coffee to my special cake
crying like a baby in front of my family
gifting friends cat catnip for xmas
letting my disguising grandmother ruin my love life
taking on a
Facebook Marketplace
packing three backpacks for a trip
Sc user
waking up my kitten
not realizing anyone was home
and was scammed out of £1,200 (so everything I had basically) and right before Christmas...
killing a baby rabbit..
watching porn on my moms phone.
not cleaning out my purse
listening to dis
Talking about sexy burping
joking about my potential son in nyc during my green card interview
having Mexican food while on my period.
Leaving the Dryer on for TEN HOURS
explaining what a furry is to my manager.
not clarifying a pickup location with my mum
exploding Orbeez inside my vagina possibly ruining my life by (maybe) breaking the law
scaring the shit out of my family
looking at a girls tattoo
I cheated on my girlfriend with a friend's ex-girlfriend.
taking an entire day’s limit of Tylenol in a few short hours
This guy I have been seeing 3yrs+
kind of) By ruining a friendship
Shit at dealing with emotions
forgetting that bluetooth exists
TOFU by flipping a stranger off
EVERY DAY
telling a woman I was on a date with that I was excited to date some men.
almost killing us with a Costco chicken pot pie
screaming *that* F-word...
attempting to purchase a game ticket on Craigslist
trying to drive
not proofreading and coming across as a racist, homophobic monster.
My next door neighboor had a crush on me and now im stuck in a relstionship
writing a public post about how it was such an unfortunate coincidence that both Beirut and Lebanon faced such tragedies on the same day
jerking off on my phone
yawning.
getting my prostate checked out by a doctor in front of my dad
Toilet paper
accidentally calling 911
getting drunk and sending a meme
losing my mom’s Tupperware.
outing my own lie in France
Swallowing Listerine
opening reddit to show a post to my family
placing the helmet on the fuel tank instead of wearing it on my head while driving a bike
using shampoo as lube
when my brother left his Halloween candy out and my dog ate all of it and he won’t stop throwing up
accidentally making myself look like I was doing something shady in a freak coincidence and spent several hours in the hospital with my mom panicking that I was going to be arrested in my mom’s doctor’s office
waiting until the last day to take my exam
getting a boner after calling the cops on very vague grounds.
I just played video games all day instead of working
going for a bike ride
accidentally ordering a takeaway to the wrong house which ended up with me sending my Dad texts full of expletives &amp; my mate ending up threatened by his elderly neighbour
shaving my head
because I had an overdose of asthma meds
outing my gay friend in a group chat.
asking my parents for their left overs
gutting peppers with my bare hands.
Been getting finessed by sex workers
accidentally breaking a bird’s leg at a pet store I worked at
jacking off to myself
telling my granddaughter that the worst place to be in school shooting would be is in the washroom.
using IcyHot
asking an anti masker why they don’t wear a mask.
peeing myself at a public train station
not realizing how backed up I was and now my custom made back brace no longer fits
I broke out the house at the age of two and went on an adventure
accidentally seeming like a terrorist in a super-market.
and could have ruin a nice man's life
cutting myself and not noticing
could just mean THEN I F'd Up instead of Today and it wouldn't change anything other than people apologizing that it didn't happen today.
Talked shit in class without realizing my mic was on
Parents found my weed stash again!
doing a flip
talking smack about a coworker when iphone was mirrored on office TV
chromecasting graphic scenes from a movie to my neighbour's TV
sending the wrong CV.
trying to save power
framing a celebrity as a sexual predator
because i called in a stripper, and Im a minor
losing my job, and got extra security hired.
posting a rant on my main Instagram
straight up blanking on an important teaching job, effectively putting myself on probation
insulting an important client
murdering 4 people
showing everyone in CVS my womb raider
I thought my headphone was in my eyeball so I accidentally poked it.
trying tell a wholesome fib and came off completely NOT wholesome
not reading the labels
accidentally pushing a disabled man off of his wheelchair.
walking into the wrong house.
using my dumb phone at my grandmother's funeral
Today i fucked up by getting my company charged with 2580 USD in linkedin ads
accidentally spitting onto my phone
talking to a human.
I fucked up by losing No Nut November by 6 hours
putting my mother in a VR headset.
but not rlly, but might get blackmailed
sending a “when you bust a nut and she keeps sucking” joke to my Wife’s Family Group Chat.
assuming my dad was anti vaccination
big big time by accidentally driving my friend to suicide.
getting intoxicated and showing a stranger my johnson
just fucking do it
being logged into my NSFW reddit account when I got to work
eating too many jabuticaba skins and shitting my whole bathroom
popping a pimple on my penis
getting addicted to farting
Today i fucked up by accidently sucker punching my crush
spoiling the first graphic novel I ever bought.
accidentally coming off as a racist
I wrecked my Uncle's BMW and paid £1500 for it
trying to cook some chicken - tell me what I did wrong please
Covid is destroying my life.
being so huge and tearing a woman’s vagina
believing CDC when they said my gf might have Chlamydia
forgetting to pay a speeding ticket
implying that my friend's dead boyfriend didn't try hard enough to live
not understanding how to communicate like an adult.
flashing my junk to kids
abandoning my drunk friend
pulling my friends hood
asking a woman if she needed help writing
I sat on my roommates new emotional support animal.
turning over a dog I found to someone who claimed it without asking for proof that it was theirs.
letting my boyfriend control the vibrator.
causing my brother to break his toe nail by playing the trolololol song and he is in terrible pain now.
mistaking interest in me for interest in pizza
telling my GF that another woman was out of my league
shutting down an entire store
Showing my boss at my new job a D pic
my psp
hanging out with a predator.
not knowing how to start my new car
smelling some panties
dropping my very full Mudjug that had started to ferment on my white carpet
accidentally spending 100 dollars on McDonald’s
teaching my nephew how to use his Christmas present
not looking hard enough in the fridge
joining a coke session in the office and ended up losing my job right in the middle of a pandemic.
buying my cousin a dog toy
trying to save money by doing my own car repair
not going to class.
just wanting to see some pretty earrings
walking on the beach after a night of drinking.
Today I fucked up by shitting in a water bottle in the back of my dads work van at a job we were on.
beating up the man my ex was cheating with
believing in evolution sending a link to a "how to build a gallows" article to my company chat
accidentally "stalking" a jogger around town
telling the mover where my dildo is having deviled eggs and nearly pulling an Elvis
not knowing how ounces work and being too socially awkward to say so
traveling around my entire school
spending my dad's entire paycheck on Fortnite.
sex balls dick sex balls nsfw balls
taking a screenshot of a Reddit post, and had to deleted my original account
accidentally mocking a disabled man
when I realized that I've been completely shallow in my approach to dating
not checking the documents
having 3rd graders act like slaves.
cracking my monitor
Can people not post about stuff that happened a while ago? its TODAY i fucked up, not, A couple weeks ago i fucked up.
giving a homeless man a home then making him homeless again UPDATE
hooking up with a married woman
getting my head stuck in a cheese packet- a cat's tale
dropping my works Food Cart on the floor.
mistakenly joking about my uncle’s suicide
getting into politics with my father in law during holiday visit
Dancing With The Wrong Girl
not realizing that daylight savings happened this week.
looking through my deceased grandfathers floppy disk drive.
using hand cream before going to my friend’s bday dinner
On no food and 2 hours of sleep by trying to mount a curb sideways on my bike.Today I fucked up on no food and 2 hours of sleep by trying to mount a curb sideways on my bike.
telling my dad my friends dad got a motorcycle
messing my pants
trying a menstrual cup for the first time.
texting my bf to hopefully make everything between us inline again.
being a lazy parent
cumming the precise moment that my girlfriend's dad looked me in the eyes
making a lewd joke
getting fingered on the couch by my boyfriend
buying someone lunch and getting my card declined
following my monkey instincts
Lost Everything
breaking my hand after raging at a game.
asking my daughter if I could eat her peach.
walking home
talking back to my parents.
eating a mint at a bad time
giving my friend a hentai game with all of his favorite anime girls loaded onto it
thinking a guy's face was a mask
playing music at work
peeing on my Jordans because i tried to scare away an insect with my foot on my leg.
tasting my piss
Made the mistake of wearing a beer branded work shirt
Negligent Discharge in my Apartment..
accidentally letting my brother see some lewd videos.
trying to spit while breathing in
not including a "-" in an email address
when mother found out I have threesomes with my sugardaddies of whom she thought they were separate fuckbuddies
Second date=double date what could go wrong?
wearing my new long sleeve shirt to play hockey in before washing it and creating a code 3 in the hospital.
Someone broke into my appartment to have aex.
Bought a $600 Apple Iphone from a Scammer on EBAY
making the new Asian girl at tennis practice think I was racist
trying to help my friend
cutting my self with a chisel
being too trusting
wearing frost walker boots in Minecraft
telling the internship program management I wasn’t making progress and I got fired
being an idiot in a car
getting indigested at my girlfriend's house.
I was watching a documentary about the coronavirus and laughed at a dead person
putting too much trust into my menstrual cup
tripping over the stairs in middle of a College lecture
not mopping the floor after using starch when ironing.
repeatedly calling the Locum doctor who was filling in for my normal doctor “Doctor Locum” for the full 20 minute session
saying "Love you too" to a girl I've dated for a Month
poisoning my friends food
buying a condo with no conditions
Cucked by the Coronavirus
accidentally exiting super old reddit account
Shit storm
sending a photo of the hickey I received, cheating on my girlfriend
calling this old man I was serving a ‘lady’
I basically fucked up my entire school life that day,
yelling at a boy.
Today I fucked up my letting my dog loose
making a Lowe’s cashier think my house is 5 times more ghetto that it actually is.
saying that I was single instead of in a relationship
saying Fortnite is bad in a Zoom Call
picking at an acne scab
doing laundry at my parent’s house
not respecting peppers...
trying to give an insecure girl advice on reddit
not doing my online classes
Telling Dads Wife to Get Her Son To Help Instead
peeing on top of a closed toilet seat.
I accidentally got blackout drunk last weekend and made a fool of myself
meeting my girlfriend early
leaving a porn video for my dad to watch
introducing my bf to the “relationship_advice” subreddit. Now I can’t post with thinking he’s gonna see it
sleeping with a friends ex boyfriend.
borrowing my brothers build a bear animal
dropping my favorite earring into the toilet
misreading the end time of my exam as the start time
trying to smooth talk with a classmate
slipping in the shower, causing a dislocation of my shoulder, and spraying the room with water.
apologizing with a potential racist remark towards a teacher
Today I fucked up by getting high.
taking edibles for the first time.
looking to see what the chewy bit in my drink was
noy buying razors
making my girlfriend’s class think she passed gas on zoom!
putting E-Juice into my eye
When I Had Sex in the Back of a Car and Almost Broke a Window
managing my tourettes badly.
mistaking which great uncle had passed away and thinking I was seeing the walking dead in my kitchen after his funeral
smoking too close to my garage
ruining my possible perfect love story
meeting up with a person who gave me their number anonymously . I didn’t call or FaceTime first.
Well damn.
cumming in the eternal pickle jar
Almost electrocuted in flooded apartment
playing the "Welcome to the CUM zone" sound during a family quiz
sending my manager an unsolicited duck pic
My family know I like (M) no body hair
I admitted to swearing when I didn't at school.
putting Carolina Reaper hot sauce on my pizza rolls then taking a leak
calling a cashier the N-word
sending a venmo friend request to a girl from gym
hugging a tree while taking a s**t
Not Telling My GF I Loved Her (until too late)
farting in a weird position
The system that makes passive stream of income every month for you
Today I fucked up by getting drunk.
impaling my foot on a knitting needle
for calling a little kid a fucker for getting a ps5 for free
going to the emergency room instead of calling the doctor and scheduling an appointment.
calling my wife a "10."
leaving “small gift for the next guy going to use the elevator”
spending 40 bucks on a Starbucks Frappuccino
Got blackout drunk and a new friend saw my room
getting distracted by my dog
Accidentally mentioned a tweet I had recently read about suicide to my friend, who was sitting next to someone that had committed suicide a few months ago
burping with my mask on
asking a pilot "Are you an angel?"
getting in a fight and kicked out of my home
telling someone the smell in the bathroom was my fault.
throwing a stone at a 9 y/o and making him bleed from the forehead.
accidentally showing a my underage dog sitter porn
i lend my white roommate my SD with my Asian gay ass in it
trying to do high school sports and ended up bankrupting my family
entering a raffle
Reditting too much.
being friendly to a Chimpanzee
thinking this sub was about things that happened today.
losing my temper with ex roommates gf
wearing a jumpsuit and using the bathroom.
offering to host a weekly Risk game night
sending a text to everyone instead of sending a private message to my friend during online class
quarantining with someone who had COVID-19
after hiring movers from Craigslist
Spamming My Sciences Grub
making a joke at a kid with no dad.
continuing my habit of peeing in inappropriate places while sleepwalking on Christmas night
wearing slides
laughing at baby
exhuming my family pet.
swearing loudly at night at my grandparents' place
kissing a girl I met on Tinder on the second date
TIFW by giving myself a chemical burn NSFW
cleaning a pink xbox 360 controller.
not locking my bedroom door
shitting myself in the parking lot before a school dance
trying to clip my sideburns
intimidating a raccoon
trying to impress my crush *ahem ahem* and hurting my misters .
dropping my last joint
forgetting to blend my foundation and ended up looking like someone jizzed on my forehead
farting in my wife's face
telling my sister how I really feel
getting spider bites
locking myself out of my apartment and realized just how easy it would be to break in.
taking a job that paid less than what my old one does.
being lazy and not collecting my dog
Going Into The George Floyd Protests
getting too salty with my girlfriend
being the only one to watch my friends twitch stream
giving the wholesome award to the wrong person
I gave up the JACKPOT for $5!
yelling LSD in the dining hall next to a bunch of visiting students and their parents.
eating spicy food and then attempting to masturbate.
by offering myself to do something for free when I thought I was charging
not cleaning my ears properly and now it feels like there is water in my ear.
not plugging in the cable all the way
eating dry beans
wearing a hoodie to school
causing a car accident
Today I fucked up by telling my girlfriend my real age
attempting to clear driveways
sedating myself for 48 hours by taking sleeping pills in the morning
changing my Apple ID and passwords constantly and now I can't even access them.
getting my cat high af.
not getting a baby kitten out of the street.
Landing in a Pile of Literal Shit
fellow redditors, what do you think?
Told my mom memorial day is next weekend
accidentally torturing my pet fish while trying to euthanise it
swearing to loud while mom was around 🤣
not working because of being depressed.
accidentally pepper spraying myself before work.
Breaking Something Important to My Friend
pretending to like a girl despite me being gay...
releasing gas at the traffic lights and c**kblocking myself
falling into a polluted creek on my bike
eating a jolly rancher
looking at penis pills in the gas station
ranting...with my mic off
I tried to make a table for Christmas and ended up almost cutting my thumb off
trying to go to work.
asking my wife to get me an octopus.
accidently grabbing a stranger's butt cheek
Playing with magnets
sending a "private" picture to my girlfriend
sleeping with 100$ headphones on and breaking them.
Summoning Two Police Officers
commenting on a haunted house
https://youtu.be/DrqZhIjLjx4
First time being sick rolled... sadness
when dealing with different kinds of gels
trying to get easy upvotes because I'm new to reddit with no karma.
refinancing my federal student loans and potentially foregoing 10k in forgiveness in addition to a freeze on interest.
going from my high school's human rainbow to the school's ruthless villian.
aggroing another car
forgetting my dildo was on the bed and my dad walking in
being in a secret relationship for several years.
leaving my wallet and phone in the car
trying to pay for beer with my organ donor card
beating my brother way too hard
Constantly falling short of the fisheye lens bubble due to technology woes
severing my brother’s finger
Using Draino
getting wayyyy too high
drinking 4 cups of coffee in 1
not ending a Zoom meeting and talking shit about my boss
falling off of my scooter and screwing up my right arm and banging up everything else.
Jackin Off in San Diego
your car doesn’t come with shocks
on tinder
hurting my penis while trying to honor Kobe in the bedroom
trying to microwave an MRE
New to anime, thought I saw eren cosplay, found guys insta. Was not eren cosplay.
falling victim to a sister's "prank", even in my 40's
leaving my shaved pubes in the basin
getting personal wifis forbidden on campus.
Went to a Japanese restaurant and burst out laughing when waitress said "Would you like some pepsi" Sounded like she said "Would you like some pussy"
trying to multi task while drinking tea.
lying about COVID-19 and then catching it with my wife
making pizza rolls when I forgot my mom was making breakfast
getting high, then eating all my edibles
because my father found me drawing Hentai
dropping a condom on the ground in front of my platoon sergeant.
calling my husband into the room to show him a meme and on the way in he stubbed his toe so hard it broke
cross dressing while washing my car
What’s the sexiest sex you ever sexed?
telling my girlfriend that I had sex with my sister
Engagment Rings are are different than Wedding Rings.
spilling rotten meat all over my carpet
leaving my lamp on.
Hard boiled eggs.
essentially sanding my asshole with cinnamon sugar
trying to text post to iamatitalpieceofshit about how I am a total piece of shit for brakechecking a truck and trailer
sending my friend a steam game
Felony to misd..
what was the sexiest sex you’ve ever sexed?
trying to boil pasta
swallowing a piece of plastic
because I ended up losing to th Ender Dragon in hardcore.
posting a guide on how to build a gallows on my company chat channel
causing my wife to publicly vomit on herself and an unsuspecting waiter, due to my ignorance of healthy restaurants
using waaaay too much lotion while masturbating
using an otc retinol face regimen.
breaking my laptop
eating some crackers
spending $20 trying to cheat Reddit.
going to the dentist in handcuffs
riding my bike led to emotional death.
smoking a cigarette
playing guitar naked.
not telling my kid about CTRL-Z
eating a habanero
squashing a cockroach with my bare foot
projectile vomiting on my bf
assuming my mother in law was asking about my boobs.
Moving my leg while sleeping
taking a yeast infection from my wife
sending an inappropriate video to a girl I’ve known for years.
cutting up a Jalapeno
on R/Guns....
Ghost pepper vs my 5 year old
I locked my self out of dorm and now my supervisor thinks I am alcoholic.
not going back to my job after being furloughed... restaurant during COVID POST!
trusting both my wife and my cats
trying to bring the neighborhood cat to the vet.
wiping my nose
my chance of introducing me to the hottest girl in college.
making an impulse buy ay Home Depot
accidentally finding out my mom is gay
Today I Fucked Up by exposing my furry bf to my best friend.
driving blind
telling my dad i was stoned.
making out with my cousin at a party.
pissing myself on a date
getting a divorce from my wife and damaging my friend's bong while playing CSGO
beating off in the shower
accidentally walking in on my sister masturbating with a carrot
almost) by working 12hr overtime on new year's day
nearly losing my v-card at 14
breaking my ankle for a pair of headphones
telling my friends I'm dating a Indian-Black foreign exchange student
telling my friend "It's a bloody mess" while watching his kids.
spreading communism in my 6th grade class and fucking everyone over badly
cumming inside a woman on birth control that I don’t know very well after not ejaculating for previous 90 days
New to dating at nearly 40, sent my first drunk text. Laugh with me. =D
never washing my belly button
thinking about my bf messing around with another guy
chopping some chili
expecting my family to care
having snapchat
losing my keys at a lake
noticing I had iMessage read receipts on for a whole year
making fun of my girlfriends cousin with celeberal palsy. Enjoy.
getting rabbits that broke my rib.
thinking about a while eating
singing my heart out
not using the bathroom before my morning coffee.
accepting a challenge from an online friend to search something
doing anal on a white couch
Believing the wrong person and nearly get an innocent person fired
not replacing a temporary fix
grinding for the first time and not being ready
breaking a Non-Disclosure Agreement and almost getting an agency sued and out of business
I farted while presenting in class
going pee
Accidentally Letting My Kids Watch the South Park Pandemic Special
I made a face
I killed my turtle. Maybe I should've given him away
being racist
joining
I smashed my brother's car into a sign going 60 without a license, told him a fake story.
Going into DUNKIN DONUTS
not doing anything sexual
shoving my arms into a mystery box
telling my GF I had a kid
taking to strange children
using a credit card for a fleshlight and feigning ignorance when questioned
A FANtastic ending.
not telling my mom my microphone was on.
leaving dirty dishes in the oven
Cops Looked Through My Place- Found My Darkest Secret
Going Out During a Pandemic
I burned up my tent
sending n——a to my black tenant
thinking I had lost my silicone earbud cushion while out running and stuck uncovered device into ear canal causing irritating swelling and discomfort.
giggling when my boss told me he had a special needs daughter.
having sex with habanero fingers
feeling a blanket in the dark (NSFW)
making my sister want to kill herself
doing naughty things in church and getting caught
meds, co-workship and having integrity
I accidentally added my grandfather to the parent–teacher association whatsapp group
cried first time i had sex
letting my dog out of my sight in the middle of nowhere
accidentally showing my crush my search history (not porn, maybe worse)
teaching my dad how to use a Bluetooth speaker
I offended a fast food worker by trying to clarify the name on my mobile order.
letting my brother find out I’m a furry
looking up something I shouldn't have looked up.
getting robbed
petting a decapitated squirrel.
not bringing period supplies to school
accidentally syncing all my photos to play as a screensaver on my parents TV
letting my cat outside in the snow
scaring husband
Document Translation, Professional Translation Services
burning my penis
being too competitive with my friend who had just lost his father
locking the balcony door
punching my friend in the face
Trying to catch a piece of sheet metal
joking about suing the school with my guidance counselor
pranking someone on discord
surfing the web at my job twice.
kinda sorta trespassing on US Army property
not telling my boyfriend...
forgetting the tooth fairy last night for my 6 year old
LPT :  remembering the wrong Butt comic
when
showing a picture of my wedding dress to my fiancé
telling my 7th grade Social Studies class that my mom was a prostitute.
typing F because my teacher was gone
Weed delivered to the house
snooping and finding debt
asking a man-child to commit.
fucking my coy sub during quarantine and cummin inside her
leaving my heated car seat turned on
throwing out an ounce of weed
so now I'm sitting here with sugar wax on my pubes
telling my wife a Jimmy Carr joke.
letting my mom set me up on a “casual blind date”
getting stiletto nails and ripping one off while showering
doing starjumps and giving myself the mother of all headaches.
I almost tackled a disabeled person to the ground, by accident.
eating a pack of donuts riddled with ants.
almost eating a used tampon
formatting) Aren’t all these “ giving x to a homeless man” breaking rule 5?
not watching my baby brother
not being able to transfer the hubby's email to his new phone
Locked in with twins by their toddler brother
clogging my toilet by stuffing a popcorn bag into it.
Grabbing a Stranger's Crotch
accidentally sending my ex's best friend a picture of me in shower
By Flushing a toilet
when I asked my ex to be together again, she accepted and then one of my friends started stalking us, my girlfriend’s cousin is a pimp and he found this out and now there is a huge argument between two clans in our city, because of me and my gf.
trying to hide a bloody nose in class
using my main account to try hookup when I have (had) a boyfriend.
forgetting about the marks and bruises from a kinky night and showing them off to my colleagues telling a girl that I like, " I love you. "
and failed a University course
eating healthy
buying the wrong version of Minecraft
ripping my hangnail out
going fishing
almost killing my new kitten
pranking my wife
calling my classmate his “name”
proposing to enter the Dome of the Rock
this morning where I find a house in the woods with an open door and entered it
probably crashing the school servers
forgetting to clear my search history
watching Shrek with my girlfriend
making awkward eye contact with a person, followed by an even more awkward text message
not informing a possible gf that I changed my number
putting too much faith in my german skills when meeting my girlfriend's parents for the first time.
baking $6000 cash that wasn't mine
stealing from myself with a fork and a knife
calling someone the wrong name for six months
not checking my phone
ripping my shirt, covering it in piss and having to walk with my crappy jumper on.
at work with an excel sheet
and realized that I was driving with my headlights off for a year and a half
trying to fight my best friend’s girlfriend and causing them to break up
got addicted to drugs, ignored my problems and destroyed my parents trust in me
not understanding how a pregnancy test works.
breaking my girlfriends finger and having sex with her immediately after
accidentally telling my mom I took shrooms and ending our vacation
puking at the gym
not having Facebook on my phone
by drugging my dad
playing porn in front of my family and my dad's friend
using scrap paper as stuffing for a stuffed animal
by cooking a delicious chickpea curry
innocently explaining masturbation to my family doctor in front of my mother.
with pop and a keyboard
doing shrooms and ending up in the hospital
I souffle'd Jesus
willingly using a homemade peppermint scrub on my lady parts
sending a poor-worded message to the whole class.
admitting to my girlfriend that I pretend she is a giant cockroach when we have sex.
using a handicap stall at the mall
Tryn 2 smash wife while she was conference call....
farting the most terrible fart in my life while having car sex
How To Talk To Girls And Never Run Out Of Things To Say.
texting while driving.
Today I F*** up by awarding a moderator bot.
transferring money to our house phone
sharing my supply of curing salts
Gave Finger in Company Holiday Photo
trying to get into a delivery guys car. Twice.
watching porn with others in the room and with it reflecting in the window
Worried to do shrooms again taking a triple dose of LSD and writing my dad a poem and actually sending it to him
accidently fucking my cat
Because the Dodgers Won
sending and insensitive meme to my crush she didn't find funny
cleaning my husbands bathroom and poisoning myself
I just love my dog so much
Poor fella
giving my sister an edible at a family dinner.
seeming like I don't care in a group project
trying to catch a dart
unintentionally bringing up my coworker's pregnancy, who miscarried and I had no idea.
not getting medical insurance for next year.
answering a question
passing out drunk with my crush
turning in my brothers homework
Having A Conversation With My Mom About Sex
10 psychological facts that will blow your mind.+=
Lump under gum/jaw I don’t know..
accidentally kicking my dog’s nose while playing with him
teaching a 5 year old that he has eleven fingers
impulsively going on a date
Indirectly Rubbing My D*ck on my “in-law”
accidentally showing my friend a very sexually suggestive scene.
Coffee confusion
forgetting to make a cake day meme
By rudely hanging up on a brand new doctor who called me because I was sure it was a repeat telemarketer call.
creating a Wikipedia Article and pasting the entire Bee Movie Script in it
getting my ear(s) pierced.
Today i fucked up by using a (pun intended) shitty life hack
Maintenance man sees my motivational post-it’s and dildo collection. At the same time.
making cookies
using a different sized tampon than I usually do
farting on a team call
saying I have a tattoo of a used tampon on my inner thigh
By using a stressball as a sex toy
joking that my bfs dick taste bad
sending all of my contacts my AdultFriendFinder/Fetlife/Secret Snapchat account
getting drunk losing freind picked up.by the police and fucking
"Banvideogames"
telling my friend’s high profile mother that I already ate, after I had already agreed to join them for dinner which she herself cooked.
not putting ALL the groceries away
AITA for demanding my bf to wear a condom
accidentally posting a nsfw manga link with nsfw preview on my personal Facebook account and not knowing it was posted for 10 days
doing a dalek impression in class.
asking my sister about a mysterious substance she left in the bathroom
blowing a tick all over my room
refusing anesthesia and thinking I was going to die on the operating table
giving myself a headache every evening for the last month
not helping somebody
trimming the shower curtain
sending my teacher porn instead of school work
jumping into a small pool and breaking my head,nearly cracking my skull or dying.
being clumsy as hell
following the running water sound
sending a Teacher an email.
consulting WebMD before my SO, a doctor.
FOR SEX HAVING SEXY SEXER SEX (NSFW) (PENIS!!!) (BOOB!!!!!!) (VIRGINIA!!!!!)
telling my crush I like pineapple on pizza
purchasing the entire Adobe CC Suite just to find out my laptop can’t even run it
leaving my dildo in the bathroom for my sisters to see, and I'm a guy
being a third wheel while snorkeling in an open sea
asking my crush if she wanted to f*ck by accident
telling on my brother for cursing when no one else did
Almost Dormer Fire
farting in bed with a tinder hook-up
forgetting to read my email
TIFI by trying to make a young child smile
trying to mess with my buddy.
leaving my Vibrator out
sleeping on a flight
trying to save a diaper
Accidentally Offending a Twitch Streamer
beatboxing the porn hub intro next to my mum
ordering a fursuit
recycling
drinking lemon water and getting 4 cavities
I took too many of my pain meds
fucking a dead fish...
washing my boyfriend’s water bottle
My dad unknowingly got a girl from my school, who I don't even know, into DEEP shit with her dad
lending money to a friend.
laughing in science class
Yawning
not going to Horny jail in time and paying the price(s)
losing the one person who cared for me and loved me the most.
not verifying a patients information and accidentally being racist
AI Post Generator First Stable Release!
kept playing softball after falling on my wrists
Sprained my ankle &amp; made a dent on the ceiling catching a mosquito
In attempt to not set off the fire alarm with burning food I accidentally started cooking my laptop instead.
sending a text to the wrong person
Buying a bracelet. This post sucks.
letting a date knock over my toilet.
Forgetting To Trim My Nails
today
took 10mg adderall for the first time ever on Saturday evening and had a drug test this morning
getting rejected from a job interview before it started.
making a facebook dating profile
being an degenerate alcoholic, drinking a full glass of a Mexican pepper sauce thinking it was some kind of spirit
getting permanently suspended from Reddit
calling my professor “babe”
| I'm gonna be honest... i'm kind of retarded... haha!! guys, guys, ok, Hear me out on this for a moment will you? :P
using a new type of glass
choking while giving my bf a blowjob
telling the Special Olympics kids they sucked.
trying to close the hatch by myself
crapping myself in a publicly poo-nami style incident that probably scared my 10yo daughter for life...
Giving myself covid symptoms
thinking that any of the posts on actually happened today.
forgetting to turn off my microphone on zoom
leaving a fake gun on my bed
reading a comment in a post about queefing in front of my girlfriend
accidentally letting slip to my new long distance boyfriend that I would marry him if he ever asked.
hitting my friend in the hand with a ruler
asking my dad a question.
I might have screwed everything up with my fiancee
showing my mom a drawing of my sleep paralysis visitor
talking shit on a conference call
picking my nose on camera in an online class.
Today I fucked up by having too much to drink before the McGregor fight
driving under the influence of cannabis with my mother.
blocking someone who was obviously co-operating
This isn't too juicy just embarrassing for me
when i left keys from office at home
forgetting you shouldn't microwave a hardboiled egg.
Don't use candles in an apartment
shouting a meme in warning before my friend ht a car on his bike
thinking that bees can be my best friend
making a snide joke of my superior.
Finding one of my students attractive
during sex.
not staying away
using a bannana to rub my cock
rebooting my phone at the wrong time
trip and drop food
borrowing my moms phone and reading her message
telling my professor at the end of college we can call her the "n word"
pretending not to be a greedy fat pie
trying to set a best time driving into work
opening my window on christmas
punching my mother
telling my dad I was going to pick out his nursing home
I sent my nudes to a Nigerian scammer
scaring our blackbird babies out of the nest
accidentally wiping scorpion hot sauce in my eye
LETTING MY MAID KNOW I WAS WATCHING PORN
deleting an instagram account and making one in private
drinking eggnog and almost shitting myself at a holiday party. Luckily my dad saved me
feeding the tick on my dick
sneezing and saying “thank you” after sneezing, but no one said “bless you” first
putting glass in my apple juice
accidentally sending a friend a load of love emojis and she took it seriously and wants to date me
causing a hallucinogenic drug trip with Rogaine.
letting my cats in the bathroom.
Accidentally pooped in a celebrity’s change-room
interrupting my parents' vows at their wedding
dropping my glasses in my diarrea
spilling water into my (paper) trash can
ghosting my provider
shot my bed
ruining my marriage in 2 sec
Toady I fucked up by comforting myself finding a liveless body while breaking in a school illegally
making my company lose 4 FTE by lying about my race.
making my right eyebrow look bald
trying to jerk off to hypnotic porn on acid and ruined my balls for 3-4 days.
eating so much pineapple my mom thought I was in a fist fight.
doing a Muay Thai lesson when I'm extremely sedentary.
raising my hand to repeat a cum joke to an entire law school class
Today my mom fucked up by washing some clothes that had been forgotten in the washer
forgetting to tie up my horse
Falling For FBI Call Scam
telling my mom I’m the pussy wizard Gandalf -.-
giving head NSFW
creating a mummy rat in our salt container
buying my GF a stuffed penguin
running over an elderly with my bikelocked wife out and pissed away $150
saying that jezus is going to die
Leaving my (M23) bag at a girls place before we went out
I made the whole class think the document we were working on had a virus
laughing at the word aspergers
grabbing what I thought was a clump of hair
Texted my boss accidentally instead of a friend about a new job
making an insensitive joke that relates to my friend (they read it)
trying to close my window blinders
lighting a firework off in my friend's room
sharing a little Johnny joke with my elementary school class I did not fully understand
showing my brother a graphic video. lending my housemate $48,000.
making fun of this kids dead dad on accident
unintentionally malking my friend believe that her boyfriend cheated on her
TUFU by not locking the door to check myself
Dropping My Blind (Literal) Date Multiple Times
ruining my marriage
cutting of part of my eyebrow
Today I fucked up by shinning my shoes and inadvertently pepper spraying my self.
feeding a dead person to some ducks
laughing about Germany losing the war in front of a German
completely bombing my interview
shooting my shot with my crush instead of going to work
biting off part of my finger
touching someone's pizza posting it on AITA getting downvoted to oblivion trying to fight back then getting banned from AITA
shocking my penis
swiping someone into the subway and then missing my train
accusing a regular customer of stealing when they in fact were not.
trapping a guest in my house for an enitre week without knowing
not killing a cockroach.
squeezing a lemon without realizing I had paper cuts on my hand
dreaming that I was in a game of tennis
eating at a Chipotle with my new co-workers mid-pandemic for quite literally no reason.
my happy meal elsa toy.
putting away some soup
Tifupdate: “ getting a Covid test”
bu driving over my computer
not knowing that Girls don't have a penis
rotating my bed
Accidentally Referencing a Suicide Song
throwing a ball at my daughters eye
I broke my laptop
trying to prepare my daughter for life
answering a job interview call by claiming I wasn't there
posting a status
and I fell for the Tesla Bitcoin scam
trying to be clever when naming a file *NSFW*
Probs don’t send nudes to your landlord??
But I Dont Need a Haircut Anytime Soon
accidentally sending a video of my Camera Roll
washing my dishes wrong, likely for weeks
doing a job interview
vacuuming my coke on the table
eating a cookie at work.
joining a school Zoom call anonymously
trying to announce to the store I have a wife
giving my wife food poisoning just as she is recovering from a heart operation
watering a baby rabbit
washing my hands with dish soap for the last few years
hearing my 21y/o friend talking to a 14/o girl
convincing a buddy he has AIDS
betraying all my friends.
forgetting about my old PayPal account.
listening to my Mom instead of trusting my gut, which sent me to the hospital.
farting on my husbands head
cooking myself
getting a bruise and my back hurt while trying to suck my own cock
putting a spoon in my mouth and pulling out my tonsils
talking smack about my teacher
opening a bottle of fox urine in the house.
calling my friends mom a cunt
because everyonw thinks I have a crush my friend
getting angry at my phone
skipping class so much resulting in court.
growing weed and getting caught by the police - but I enjoyed it
crashing into a government building during a revolution.
telling my school counselor I wanted to have a "bondage" experience with my parents
not closing my bedroom door and traumatizing my mom
tofu by not getting in the car with my dad
creating toxic fumes in my bathroom
taking a walk in a nature preserve
saying "gimme that ass" to my cat
Freshman year is always wild!
I broke my Nintendo Switch by accidentally cumming into it.
TIFUUpdate the one that got away is here to stay
surprised my gynecologist during a pelvic exam
Missing My Cake Day
forgetting how paralysis works
getting chemical burns from my gf's mom
wetting myself in thr living room
hugging a classmate and touching the no no zone.
not knowing what milk porn was
dropping a log on my friends face
Anti-semitic neighbors
falling asleep while watching futa hentai
forgetting I left 2 weeks worth of trash in my car trunk for 5 days
giving away my Nintendo Switch to my coworker’s 7-year-old son.
groping a boy in a baby chick suit
I pissed my self in front of my mum
not being open with a new partner about my past trauma.
unpackaging and wrapping my wife's birthday gifts.
commenting on how a guy walked.
and lost the worst bet possible to my younger brother.
chewing an Airborne
buying a new cordless drill every time the battery is empty
accidentally giving a private concert to a whole restaurant
Cooking with hot peppers and burnt Penis.
showing my door dash driver something unpleasant.
calling a woman a "dike"
breathing wrong for my entire life
thinking about this subreddit
sleep-hallucinating and making my husband think I was possessed.
i tell my dad im bisexual
I flushed my keys
eating Salami
almost saying “I love you”
sending my condolences to mt high school ex
giving my friend terrible advise then getting completely destroyed by M (17F)
not double checking before I checked out on my schools payment plan.
tryouts for a high school sport
making my principal think I'm suicidal
introducing my new-ish boyfriend to Classic WoW and destroying our relationship
forgetting the girl who was giving me a blowjob was deaf (NSFW)
stealing 836$ from my parents without knowing it until it was too late.
unknowingly promoting myself as a racist.
telling a adult my friend's plan
Overusing Homemade Mouthwash
standing up while peeing.
breaking a tooth kinda.
coming out to my friends while blackout drunk
getting in a fight with my roommate while blacked out
accidentally revealing my snack stash
making my neighbor think i was a depraved sexual psychopath
using an offensive slur.
buying a jacket without checking the pockets first
I was 34 euros short on my second day as a cashier
waiting in line behind a senior citizen and hearing him farting
letting a coworker drink a cup of coffee
buying cat food
throwing something at a student
getting jealous of a dead girl
listening to a gay podcast on Spotify and outing myself to my brother
leaving my newborn sons umbilical cord in the open...
forgetting my dildo was in the sink
exposing myself to the entire walgreens store
trying to make my own lipstick
using the wrong razor and got the cops called on me and a gun pointed at me
hanging my clothes under a cracked pipe, resulting in them being covered in shit.
accidentally calling one friends another’s name
screaming a tiktok anthem with my windows open
lighting my hand on fire.
falling asleep while the Hanukkah candles were lit
getting hypothermia
not realizing I’ve been broadcasting my Spotify for several years
releasing my one of my classes zoom codes
basically telling my dog to run into a strangers home
streaming pickle asmr right in front of my class.
stepping on a shit land mine
My humour isn’t exactly appreciated in my workplace...
telling a pizza man to “go piss yourself you fucking nonce”
letting my neighbor get robbed
insulting a new Mother on the Postnatal Ward for something she neither chose herself, nor can she change quickly
writing erotic fan fiction about myself and former New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, causing my girlfriend and family to falsely believe I am gay.
sending a good friend a dick pic
ruining/spoiling my mom's Christmas gift
buying myself a 50$ Amazon gift card
posting about friends forgetting my birthday on CasualConversation
practically confessing to my long-term best friend.
not washing my hands well after cutting peppers.
OAJFOMAOVMOAMPOWAPWMQPC
making a shrek is love, shrek is life joke to this girl I’m talking to
tripping balls without taking into considering my state of mind or incredibly dark and unhealthy environment.
SUPER RALLY CARS CRASHES
Leg Day
neglecting to copy an image to my clipboard
by screaming that my cousin would never get married.
kissing a girl while I had a runny nose.
fingering my cats asshole
putting my unlocked phone on my pocket
telling a kid that we could eat his dog together
Tofu Christmas by getting an Xbox bundle
failing to land a job after being a finalist
dissing Kobe when my friend told me he died.
It's not exactly a very funny story but very embarssing and stupidity by me
deleting all my steam files on the game aoc2
having "quick" sex
I asked an elderly man to give me a ride to work
implying it's been a very long time since I got laid
suggesting to use a small vial necklace filled with my GF’s dead brother’s ashes as a cocaine container
pulled a sickie and nearly got caught watching porn by my dad
forgetting an old friends name
getting a UTI after I just cleared up my last one
using the camp toilet
drinking a milkshake on a bus.
passing out drunk in a nightclub and getting a concussion
calling the cops after overhearing a line from the Hunger Games on my university's campus
accidently giving myself a squirting orgasm and peing all over the kitchen floor
lying to my parents about getting a degree &amp; committing plagiarism
saying “that’s fucking stupid” on a whole company zoom call
getting caught clapping cheeks
singing in my room while I left Discord open.
taking a dab in public while being a complete failure.
using "Daddy" during sex
Listen bro, i get that your not ________ and all but why would you do that?
doing burpees in socks only instead of shoes.
15 years ago ifu getting caught when having sex at young age.
whispering on accident
eating the wrong cheesecake
getting a ride home from work from a coworker.
posting a pic of myself to a fetish subreddit, thinking it was a mixed girl positivity page.
dressing like a Neo Nazi in my work headshots
losing a bag full of used condoms and cum filled latex gloves outside.
Walking Too Close To Someone
sending the wrong snapchat to someone
in a Sex Shop With My Dad
Tried to console my brother in NY
replying "ok boomer" to mansplaining in r/nyc and getting banned for 3 days for it
getting too drunk to smell
thinking I'm better than all of you
parents walked I hadn’t met walked in on us
telling a woman, which refused to wear a mask, that she needs to put on a mask because she's ugly as hell.
sending a girl flowers
getting robbed by an escort!
opening my camera roll filled with hentai in front of my teacher
eating burger kings chicken nuggies
not washing the dishes when it was my turn
When is it acceptable to kick a guy in the balls? debate with friend)
killing Hitler
calling my neice ugly.
trying to learn how to ride a bike
asking an online bud what voice modification software they used.
making middle schoolers cry... and making my fellow club members take a class on genocide
because I (m,18) don’t know how to feel after my father got taken away for the second time.
jerking off too much and spraining my fingers
locking myself out of my PC
jumping down the rabbit hole.
taking my medicine before my coffee.
losing around 40 bucks.
asking for an Adderall substitute in a pharmacy and getting cops called to my address.
ordering sex toys
basically telling my parents I watch porn
that time I fucked by by almost murdering a dragon.
creating a fake identity in a certain social media platform, and just now leaving it.
at work while giving a briefing about the virus
I destroyed the relationship of two close friends of mine
admitting I have seen one of the Twilight movies
overestimating my tolerance to weed and alcohol on a second date, leading to a toiler dive.
accidentally fucking my couch
pushing a little too much blood out of my face.... my senior photo pics are in less than 48 hours..... help me
purchasing iPhone
need help with discovering my
not having a hose on standby
postponing an interview
trying to find a new job and now I might have no job.
going down on a dude and accidentally desecrating my father's memory.
stealing arts.. definitely not hearts
weilding
making a dark joke
using an expensive condom and disappointing my family
Today I fucked up by flashing my principal (by accident)
not putting on bug spray, and then getting injured
responding to my entire training team, trainers included. Need sympathy!
I will advertise your book to 100k readers with one book teaser
posting a nude to my Instagram page
opening a fridge 4 months after the power went out
It is my cakesay
hooking up in a public park
eating too many carrots
allowing my cat to escape.
playing VR and possibly breaking a finger
licking a cold pole at work breaking up with my gf
Get free cash app money
not picking up my dog poop
big time with my gf
saying “Val Kilmer didn’t age well he looks like shit!” not knowing he had throat cancer
Locked out
peeing in a litterbox...it gets so much worse
scaring the shit out of my grandmother.
getting too greedy my trying to add one more to the party.
I had to give it a try
Just exposed my ASL partner to my oversized toddies on Zoom
My boyfriend's mom watched me oragasn.
getting a full rectal exam.
I ate chicken that was 3 weeks past the expiration ate
teaching all of my middle school students to Rick Roll
eating my own booger accidentally.
Taking Too Many Painkillers
getting bleach on my penis
Taking a Video Update
spending too much time browsing reddit on the throne
using shaving powder to shave my nether region
laughing too much at my client who just burned himself
I’m ruining my life and my self
getting a bruise on my ass
Lose weight 5-Second Water "Hack" (See Before Afters Pics!)
smelling my wife's butt.
LPT  Binging Grey’s Anatomy Instead Of Doing My Assignments.
having my one challenger be partners with my crush
playing my teachers “adult material” on her phone in front of all my classmates
giving my friend the wrong address.
choosing my own adventure on Or, how to win at
getting fucked in the ass.
being a helicopter parent
I found to much about my dads “personal” life from trying to help him.
Voicing My Honest Opinion
drinking an expired Five Hour Energy
looking at a certain account on Reddit
pulling the stove in the kitchen, causing my left foot to burn
I ASKT A FRIEND TO HAVE S*X
going through puberty and getting pubic hair before everyone else
calling someone a butthole because of how they parked and they walked right by there
getting my son acquainted with Stephen King's work
Smashing Random Keys To Unfreeze PC.
coworker relations
driving with google maps and almost causing an accident.
accidentally showing one of my nudes to my sister and cousin
pooping in the bushes next to a public road
choking the chicken in front of a window
Today i fucked up by trying to move my mom's car.
watching naruto and walking up the stairs
not Rickrolling Rick Astley fast enough when i had the chance!
looking like a perv in a McDonald’s
finally after years of struggling, telling my parents I needed help with mental health, only to have them to completely disregard it.
telling the bank my wife had died.
thinking a stranger was my sister until she sprinted away from me
I lost 44$ USD to a "my paysafe account" online, AND I'm not old enough to have an account.
eating salted peanuts
trying to bolster my punk credentials
locking myself out of our hotel absolutely naked.
projectile vomiting on my mum's boss and her new born
911 FU
trying to slap my friend.
ruining the night of my proposal
washing my light and dark clothing together.
I  saying ef your mom to a kid whose mom died two years prior.
finally having enough of my dad's anger issues
brings my DS Lite to a concert
losing my company's credit card
slicing My finger cutting cabbage and screaming at an imaginary intruder.
trying to hand in my homework in under an hout and a half
Just waiting to see what will happen.
starting a fire
having tea with the meow meow
letting my boyfriend put a bottle in my mouth
having sexual intercourse.
mayonnaise cakes
washing a dildo, in the washing machine.
driving my mom’s car into my sister’s wall
touching what I thought was a leaf
doing molly with my 53 yo MDMA virgin boyfriend....
eating a giant chocolate bar that has been expired for 9 months
attacking my girlfriend in my sleep
"Hey, that's pretty good."
telling the friendly delivery driver “I was looking at her on the tracker” 😳😳
leaving my camera for 5 minutes and retuning back to see it gone.
making my Cyberpunk character look too much like myself *kind of NSFW*
loosing by wallet with 2k in it.
holding in MASSIVE gas in front of my new girlfriend.
and gave someone the benefit of the doubt.
showing my mom how bad my sunburn was and lifting up my shorts only to reveal cutting scars
being super awkward at a party I wasn't even invited to
calling my teacher bossman
during mating season
watching my best friends twitch stream
getting stuck in a long conversation with my neighbor
Making Young Waitress Cry
Telling My Daughter That Chocolate Helps Period Cramps
squirting a nurse in the face...
or did I?) By applying for a job before I knew how far it was from my house
chucking 20oz of pee at a window
By dropping a bad news bomb immediately on top of a great news bomb
drunkenly telling our friend what my boyfriend was actually doing after leaving his birthday party.
turning my friend's basement into basically a war bunker
seeing and anime singing video to my english teacher
punching my girlfriend in the throat
getting gum stuck in my armpits
filling my hydro flask
Tofu by posting this
not cleaning up sufficiently after masturbating
thinking NGL was the n word.
listening to radio for 7 years
accidentally spilling the beans on a mistake I worked really hard to cover up.
showing a 'sorry' greeting card that I handmade to sell online, to my Brother-in-law whose mum is dying of cancer.
losing my 3rd phone this year.
making my boyfriend call me a cum dumpster
choking on one piece of bread twice.
as a parent 😂
By telling an experience
sleeping with my ex who is in a relationship
scaring my pregnant wife
inviting an SJW to live with me
wanting my boyfriend to choke me
thinking it was Thursday when shaving my balls with my headphones in
letting my best friend text my crush
being dehydrated after a workout
Sending porn to my friend at 5 am
HOW I RUINED MY LIFE
screenshotting a friend's sexy snap..
when i showed up an hour earlier for work
pouring piss into my car's washer fluid tank
and lost $20k in the market. Cheated and disgusted.
Missed my Cake Day
fakenessfake
giving my boyfriend a blowjob.
eating a veggie bowl
confusing a singer with that country's Prime Minister for years
trying to hold my breath underwater
finding out my cousin's Reddit account.
getting caught in the act by a stranger's step sister.
Accidentally Turning Down a Kiss
slicing my index finger open and having to use super glue to close the wound.
not only washing my clothes but also a book
DEAD BOY REPORTED!!! PLS HELP AND GIVE ME SOLUTION!
not checking a house before showing it to a prospective buyer
throwing a rock...
What to say to someone who’s dying? Not this!
not doing basic math when buying exercise equipment
taking suboxone at work, throwing up 25+ times, telling my manager I was high, and getting fired.
Spiders
reading reddit erotica
Weird Naked Experience
giving my delivery driver a $22 dollar tip for absolutely no reason other than the fact that I'm an idiot which in turn ruined my friendship.
leaving the door open while masturbating
thinking I was alone
watching Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. NSFW
stretching so good in my cubicle that I have just shit myself.
I smashed a tennis ball on my tinder dates leg
falling for a wiring scam
getting an Acer Nitro 5 laptop.
locking myself out of the house and trying to break back in
vomiting and almost crapping my pants at the gym
putting diesel on Petrol car
eating waffles
confessing to my crush...
lying to my girlfriend.
leaving 10lbs of raw chicken in my wife's hot car.
viciously insulting an old school friends photo of their dinner on Facebook.
telling the entire family of my gf that I'm a (male) prostitute
flicking a fish pie into my eyes
trying to give a bully a sick burn
messed up a wr
drinking too much water at work
Yelling at my Disabled Grandpa
sending my friend a private school discord server link
quoting Shrek to my wife.
destroying my relationship with my mother
TIFUpdate Almost fed a wild mouse to my Rabbits again...
giving a girl chocolate with maggots in it
Not Realizing I Had an Extreme Magnesium Deficiency for 5 Years.
Eating Hasbrowns
fucking someone other than my wife for the first time in nearly a decade and I didn't take proper precautions.
I lost my main Gmail account
telling a friend’s friend how I felt about first friend
thinking cellulitis was a saddle sore.
putting my dick in the vacuum cleaner and pissing in it while it was turned on after which it broke and my parents found out
reposting a six year old story on this sub
talking to dogs while in a van while on the job.
Drunkenly confessing a crush
leaving a full cooked chicken to cool
Accidentally Sent my Best Friend a pic of my girl
LPT:  opening a can
Rubbing Cannabis Lotion On My Cock
when my angelic child cursed HARD
showing my girlfriend’s brother his sisters nudes
Flashing My Longtime Friend/Ex
drinking a full bottle of milk of magnesia.
triying to make waffles at 2am and accidentally waking up my whole family.
lying to my parents about my grades.
brushing my wife's teeth with diaper cream instead of having sex with her
deleting my old Reddit account to get a new username, I am now known as Erectile_Reptile9....
running around the classroom using a chromebook as a beatbox when I thought the teacher was out
puking in a litter box
being rude to a cashier (by accident)
getting soap in my dick and subsequently wanting to die
making a groupchat for drugs with a few mates but instead inviting my whole friends list and my girlfriend
because I left the bedroom door open.
not realizing there was a new Stay Home tab on Reddit for the whole day
joining my school zoom meeting as a clown.
Bought my first car, realised i fucked up and i need my money back.
banging a sewaty chick
sending porn to my boss
helping a lost dog
grabbing a wrong pair of socks
not caring about what extracurricular activities I did.
letting my ADHD, depression and put me laziness rule my life and probably ending up £350 out of pocket
drinking a beer half full...
when i was sitting at bed naked I tried to fart and accidentally pooped myself
leaving my dog in the hallway all night
coming to a realization
Did I not f up?
looking through my aunts email and seeing she is subscribed to multiple quick f*uck email letters
thinking my teacher was someone else.
fucking a possible renter.
not alerting my fiance to a parking sign
preheating the oven for a bit too long.
fucking my high school physics teacher
IAKSKXKYKYK
accidentally popping a ear pimple at work
accidently getting locked in a closet with my girlfriend at work after hours.
ชมความน่ารัก น้องมะลิ ทำของขวัญให้ พ่อปอ-แม่โบว์ ครบรอบแต่งงาน
pouring a bottle of vodka on my head
joining this subreddit thinking there would actually be good content
getting the date wrong on my flight, and consequently, missing my only chance to go home for the holidays
ignoring the pain and swelling in my testicles and as a result I now only have one ball.
accidentally waging chemical warfare on myself
doing the 2020 one chip challenge
First tinder date went horribly wrong, couldnt get it up, went to her toilet 10 times and jacked off
Fake id
dropping a batch and a half of mac and cheese at work
telling my boss to say hi to his mum
bad trail etiquette
eating a bowl of soup that was actually gravy
forgetting to stay after school for a project meeting with my advisor
because I ruptured my penis "string" while having sex with my (ex)GF.
spamming a 1000 chicken stickers on a photo of my crush
accidentally giving a bus driver a "free show"
walking in cold water and shrinking my dick.
making my closing time announcement
leaving my door unlocked for a year
rejecting the Holy Spirit
accidentally stealing my friend's phone
painting a target on my back in college, even before setting foot on campus.
trusting a fart
getting set on fire
eating way too much dark chocolate
mistaking my friend for someone with cancer
Expired milk
giving my daughter a skateboard as an early birthday gift.
taking Miralax two days in a row and chugging some coffee
giving spill the tea a whole new meaning
giving myself chemical burns making kimchi.
eating sticks of butter at a conference
misreading a shirt
not realizing that "slide into your DMs" referred to a sex position
accidentally scaring the shit out of people having sex
trying to outsmart a large loan institutions policies for no reason in the end
water+more water=less water very smart I am
feeling the need to inform our client's Girlfriend's house that they were dry humping....
wearing a mask and glasses
not checking the mail
killing my sister's goldfish... plural
Flat tyre ruins entire day. Possibly entire life if I was to be dramatic.
Bullying a Female Friend to Hang out with Me
thinking all lakes were standalone bodies of water
having the police let my mum know I'm dating someone
waking up an entire floor of a mental hospital in the middle of the night
getting in a mild accident during my drivers test.
breaking up with my boyfriend right before Christmas smelling like shit
I almost blew up the chemistry lab
saying my dog is going to be 12
deep throating my boyfriend and ending up in intensive care
asking my boyfriend’s mom for semen
hurting and scaring my friend under psychosis, now he will not speak to me.
throwing away my (M24) last chance at university.
lying and not having a doctor's note for work
bruising a rib with my bra...
not checking my school email and missing a week of assignments then getting dropped from a class
Killed my aircon. Didn't know that it was already overheating
Getting caught by my mom
snooping on my then-girlfriend’s phone and regretting it.
making my coworkers tweak on amphetamines on accident
getting sunburnt
screaming in online school meeting
maybe chickenly refusing a mysterious shaggadelic man of mystery job (or by being insane, you tell me)
when I threatened to shoot up my school in 7th grade.
telling my sister that somebody died, who didn’t
oversleeping an hour and some mins into one of my 2 hour Final Exams.
extracting a .jar file to my desktop
letting my kids stay up late
driving to Target to get a PS5
taking WAY too much preworkout!!!
signing up to the pornhub free trial
making good on a threat my wife made to my daughter but I didn’t know that she was only bluffing to prove a point.
asking for a Blizzard at a McDonald's
accidentally making fun of my CO worker
insulting a guy without knowing he is diabetic.
giving myself a black eye with my laptop
not remembering my cake day
drunkenly telling my friend what my boyfriend was actually doing after leaving his birthday party.
making a list of rules to my Xbox girlfriend, putting Fallout over her, and being an ass.
sharpening knives while wearing headphones
Had a brain malfunction at work today.....
sticking my nose where it doesn't belong and making a joke
my friend fucked up real bad
burping at work
Dropped my phone in a pooper with poop still in it.
predicting the latest Mandalorian Episode
and turned my three year old into a monster flayer
scratching my balls.
cooking pizza pops
correcting someone’s pronunciation of without knowing how Reddit says it.
Customer ServiceCustomer Service
breaking up a marriage with my phone?
How To Interact And Approach Beautiful women
Listerine in Eye
I Walked Into A Store Display
TIFY by missing my first cake day
remembering about a explosive ive hidden and forgotten about
watching "nasty stuff" in my boyfriends laptop, and I poured some sparkling water on it
while traveling in Prague
burning steaks until they became greasy coal husks of their former selves
posting my opinion on facebook
potentially scarring my step-uncle (nsfw)
I (21M) don’t know if I should trust my gf (21F) with a very muddy past
pretending to have a Scottish accent.
forgetting to send a newspaper to press
switching birth control
My cat jumped in a toilet full of poo!
Watching YouTube on a zoom call.
dropping my mario maker 2DS
unintentionally threatening my professor over zoom
selling on eBay
squishing my grandmas pull-ups in my hands.
sending $900 of doge coin to a random person and can’t figure out how.
having my legs fall asleep at work
using retardant condoms
put my name and picture on a post on Reddit
I only have one writing prompt and it’s sex
Swallowing flourinated toothpaste and dental fluorosis (Heres for you anti flouride nutters)
getting sick at my GF's apartment
doing 100 squats at once after not exercising for a year.
picking up the woman I cheated on my ex-girlfriend with at my ex-girlfriends apartment building.
as I blamed a noise that sounded like me farting by screaming, “IT WAS THE WALL!!!” to my entire high school class
Traumatizing My Son
I took the same pic in a rated PG and R form. Sent them to the wrong groups.
swallowing a effervescent tablet
cleaning the neg drain
walking into the wrong house for a real estate showing
Big fucked
deleting my sons FortNite account for his bad grades
having a mind-blowing prostate orgasm and being unable to get the toy out after
asking my mom who she thought was prettier me or my sister
and now I’m stuck in bed, unable to get up to pee and I’m about to cry.
shut up you're mouth and make money
googling what a chode thumb is
agreeing with a guy that he was fat.
using laundry detergent liquid pacs while living with my dad
Today I REALLY fucked up, by thinking...
not believing I can tell the future thereby losing $50 million
trying to work out
Accidentaly told my gf to calm down
realising how I have been ruining my life for the past 4 years. And not mooving with my OWN personal life for that time.
making an old lady call me an uncouth asshole
Vaginas and hot sauce
I went to a happy ending massage place
Doing the dirty in a girls bathroom
up by offering to help a homeless woman in exchange for oral pleasures.
making crunchy enchiladas
Getting Myself Banned from ASDA Over Social Distancing
rubbing rotten blue tac all over my lips
i lost 32 gigabytes worth of porn in a bestbuy
BUT I DONT KNOW HOW?
almost giving my girlfriend and i Botulism
Sending My Aunt AMONG US NSFW
texting my school’s head of charity about juuling
giving my girlfriend a dutch oven
Accidentally trespassing onto the track at Indianapolis Motor Speedway (Resubmit for TL;DR)
asking the girl i like some dumbass questions about if she "love" me...
for not wanting to watch 13 reasons why
Leaving My Dad on Sleep
placing a suspicious activity call to the police
Today I freaked up by accidentally misplacing my iron or in Minecraft
I dropped a clock causing my coworker to waste $35,000
Ordering the Wrong Pant Size
eating a late night mint
forgetting why I was replacing a plug
getting so engrossed in Mario Kart 8 that I missed out on group sex
clogging the shower with my cream
eating a full bag of Carolina Reaper popcorn in one sitting.
sending a friendly emote to the wrong person - TLDR @ The bottom.
accidentally doxing myself and my search history on a Zoom call.
making a scene Infront of my whole college
looking at the security camera on a bus
shaking hands in a meeting and THEN telling everyone I'm sick.
telling my dad how we feel
putting a logon sound on my computer
forgetting to log out of an email
Wildy getting a woman’s age wrong
almost losing my life when I came between a mother and her children
sharing an iTunes account with my dad
don’t tell me that’s her...
not understanding basic technology
I walked in on my headteacher pooping.
accidentally awarding a reddit post while I was writing a post about how stupid awards are.
Putting On Pants
leaving my cum boxers downstairs
giving away my new cars.
making brownies
I want to die
going double the speed limit and then running a red light in the same trip with my parent's car.
accidentally wiping my harddisk
reaching down in the dark to raise the toilet seat.
not knowing EZ pass suspends your privileges if you speed through their tolls
shattering my phone screen
peeing through an automatic door and passing out in the hallway of a hotel
letting my 3mo puppy get too comfortable with biting me
taking a nap in the cool-rtroom
almost giving myself a literal heart attack by taking the wrong meds
potentially not seeing flirting.
rick rolling my friends class and getting some random kid in trouble
sharing my boudoir photos with my father in law
smashing the back of a friends car
Playing Too Dumb
not getting the money sooner
being covid skinny
freezing up in front of my best friend's parents
"hiding" posts from my profile
calling my friend a f***boy
calling my buddy's, cat's ashes "So cute."
asking a girl if she is in her period, now I have bruses on my arm
outing cousins' incestual offspring
saying "congrats" instead of "condolences"
letting my sister use my phone. almost getting cops called on me for a diamond transfer
itching my ear.
going home for Christmas and probably getting Covid.
TYFU by sleeping and letting my bf in the door for the second time
farting while making a joke about a meme
banging a whore and blowing a raspberry on her belly.
drinking so much beet root juice that I thought I was dying.
accidentally having a Nazi soldier on my Reddit Avatar and making internet users seems as if I'm a Nazi.
leaving some really strong pot cookies on the counter
leaving my high beams on
shooting my 5 month old son in the head with a rocket launcher
shitting my ass (not my pants so it doesn't break the rule) so bad
not checking my baby's nappy before putting him in the bath with his mother
Letting my friends drink too much in their own home where they live with their parent.
scratching my leg at lunch
leaking my phonenumber in a random brazilian hentai group chat
picking head
not fucking my girlfriend
showing my 8yr old kid videos of minerals on reddit.
walking around an airport with a condom very young and showing my mom
telling my friend my feelings...
I used my husband’s washcloth to clean the shower and then he used it to shower with
being a big sulky mess in front of the person I have a crush on
driving thousands of miles making my "friend" money and believing he would pay me
The wrong anti-itch cream.
ruining Christmas and making my sister cry
trying to cut open a Lithium battery
Welp, I’m never being dumb around sticks again
convincing myself that im not attracted to my girlfriend
What are my chances?
(not) sending the email with F-word to my biology teacher
posting a bad meme
confusing Indonesia and Monaco
buying a bunch of lighters!
answering a phone call while masturbating
mooning my new neighbor that I didn’t know I had
14M)By possibly dislocating my (14M)best friends (3F)little sisters armwhen i told my teacher about him marking my test wrong.
كيف يتم الإجهاض عن طريق حبوب ( الميفيبرستون + سايتوتيك )
seemingly ruining a relationship over a joke.
accepting to be a wingman
letting my cousin go to a website on the family computer
not realizing my zoom audio wasn’t on mute
playing Pistol Whip
cleaning up powdered bleach with windex.
trying to be a grown up
letting the neighbor kid look in my wife's drawer
calling an executive the wrong name on a zoom call in front of a lot of other people
sneaking into my hookup's place and not locking the gate
giving a stranger a ride and almost being shot.
installing a dog door...again
not being muted on Zoom
pissing in a cup!
Turning an entire concert off
wearing 2 necklaces at once
shaving
yo continue posting my dudes
calling my baby cousin a radish monster
trying to be socially responsible
barely missing a donut (spare tire) on the interstate
TOUCHING MY D
sticking a knife into the pit of an avocado
showing my doctor my massive destroyer.
basically waterboarding myself on the bus
making my cat a hammock
revealing to my employer that I've spent one year being unemployed
TIFUpdate by kissing my best friend
Orange juice accident
turning in my assignment on time
getting a dog i couldnt take care of
accidentally spilling water on my 1000$ laptop. Now the keyboard won’t work!!!
stealing someone's dinner
Said “that’s fucking stupid” when I thought I was on mute in response to a new policy at work
thinking I can take a walk at work. In the woods. In the dark.
or more my dad) By attempting a dad joke and making my entire family believe he had Corona....
getting tied up before a family dinner.
Cigarette burn
not getting my best friend's phone number.
My girlfriend pepper sprayed me
buying my husband a vibrator for Christmas
puking in my trash can
trying on panties in a fitting room
almost balding myself with an electric whisk
shitting on my best friends new apartment's bathroom floor.
leaving the door open to take a piss
Today I Fucked Up by destroying the chances of getting my dream job
biting my inner cheek
not taking Reddit's warnings seriously.
becoming g comic book guy from the Simpson.
going to Disneyland with my (ex) girlfriend
I ought to of simply closed the damn door
accidentally sending hentai to my younger sister
drinking from a bottle that had mold in it.
(almost) having emergency services show up at my house.
letting a cute girl go through my phone
binge drinking half a bottle of whiskey
accidently deflating my grandparents tubes for years
pooping everything on the bus
leaving discord wide open with gay furry porn for my dad to see
buying $2100 worth of App Store gift cards that can’t actually be used to purchase a phone at Apple Store online
Foreign Language F*ck up
getting scammed on a payment by a company, accidentally contacting customer care for its biggest competitor and wondering why records didn't match
got arrested for public intoxication near my wrecked truck.
calling my girlfriend Big Ed
saying “see any thing cool?!” at a crime scene
today I fucked up by letting my stalker find me again.
making my step sister mad and depressed.
Got my photography featured on an article but didn’t get credit for it.
my not telling my ex how i felt sooner
Today I Found Out
Me saying a word I thought was not bad
misinterpreting my friend cry for help
Exposed myself to my Best Friend
Test an old phone and screw up my phone's plan.
realizing why I started to sweat so fast lately
LPT : asking out my crush while constipated, and her nearly fainting.
drinking a latte
sending footfetish hentai to a discord sever I joined less then 24 hours before.
not taking a customer’s order
lying and telling someone I'm gay before being seen with my girlfriend
letting my roommate’s stepdad help me reinstall some bookshelves.
getting drunk on Thanksgiving
asking my wife if she liked my singing
accidently finding out about the kinky sex live of my collegue
smoking in my friends garage while parents were on vacation
dropping too much acid and missing a dope free concert.
I feel like I've wasted my teen years?
spending $126 on two lottery tickets.
getting my boob out for the postman
asking a woman about her lost shoe
I'll borrow your bike and be home in a minute...
not cropping a video I filmed of myself.
splitting 3 items of clothing at once..
by sharing I (36F) could dress up as Steve Erkle
revealing my fetish to my mother and sister (NSFW)
breaking my only mouse
introducing my girlfriend to PC gaming using Portal as her first game.
getting used to kicking things at work
at the grocery store
getting high and going swimming.
not taking my time to dry off or slow down before putting on my skinny jeans that were in the dryer too long
letting my 3 year old watch Wizard Of Oz and potentially ending my marriage
not realizing my meds interfered with eachother
iPhone related -  deleting rather than offloading an app and now I kinda regret it
scratching my balls with pepper spray fingers
while being Black
talking about my date at work - TLDR at the bottom
for using vibrator on my grandma
showing off my ass to a whole bunch of people
committing one of the Cardinal sins of Reddit
watching a horror movie and scaring myself so much I can't sleep
suggesting we spend some time outside with the dogs
accidentally killing and eating one of my professor's pet ducks
mixing languages and using the wrong words to describe my hair
being a catalyst of grand cheating scheme
forgetting engine exhaust is hot
giving all my class 7
farting myself awake
eating chili and pumpkin seeds
sneaking out of my house in my own risk while my mom told me not to leave the house to go shopping while she at work while without anyone at home
being desperate for a PS5
Smacking the Kraken.
making a non racist comment that sounded an awful lot like a racist one.
So my entire class thinks I'm a snob...
unintentionally shining a light on my neighbors while their child may or may not have been taken away by CPS
making a joke about not caring about my friend who needed emergency surgery
I asked my sister who died and she responded ...
not turning my location off while I was being a hoe
I smell bad. Here’s my story. It’s super long.
accusing the optometrist assistant that they sold me defective contacts.
apparently
scaring the hell out of an old woman by accidentally making it look like I'd coughed up a bunch of blood right next to her.
My weed smells like pickles.
being scared of confrontation
not giving an artist what I promised I would
TIFUpdate: I survived and got help
secretly learning German
trying to be a handyman
burning my hand with what I thought would be warm water
buying my GF flowers on Valentine's day
having sex in the sea and ripping my banjo string
accidentally sexting my ex
accidentally sending my bf the middle finger emoji
Turning on discord notifications
telling a nurse I do drugs.
eating cookies
saying “ok boomer” to my highschool Principal
implying that my "plus-sized" best friend is conventionally unattractive
leaving my porn collection exposed to my grandpa
TIFU_By trying to float bread in a bath
inadvertently making a racist comment and running out of Staples
while catheterizing a young female patient
breaking my school computer twice
wearing a bandana over an R95 respirator mask and getting sick from lack of oxygen.
forgetting to clean my humidifier
with the Papa’s Abortion Clinic and Pizzeria prank... on my teacher.
telling my muslim grandparents I tried pigs foot
breaking my sisters phone and a nice mirror
My mom can't be alone with her children because of me.
being replaced by a robot.
checking my mail at work
shaving my butt
trying to solve my problems alone
not researching when my testicle was in severe pain
not checking my pizza order
snapping a school whiteboard.
burning my vagina
Lifeguard
bringing brush pens with me to a kid's museum.
sitting down to pee...
doing hand stuff with my boyfriend while my friend was right next to us
I ruined my friends,friendship with his crush
pretending to hit my friend’s truck and then actually hitting my friend’s truck.
seizing an engine with no oil for a car I finished paying off last week.
shaking the hand of the man who fucked my wife .....in a garbage can.
berating a mask wearer at a store for spreading COVID
NOT REALIZING THAT ANY GOOGLE ACCOUNT THAT I HAVE LOGGED INTO AUTOMATICALLY SIGNS INTO EVERY SINGLE GOOGLE FEATURE ON MY PHONE!!!!!!
kissing a girl and accidentally telling her that I don't want more
flipping off my niece
trying to show compassion to bees
simply ordering coffee
trying to be like Michael Jackson
destroying a marriage at work and may end up being fired
I Should have googled myself sooner.
"shearing the sheep"
playing porn on a bluetooth speaker
buying a speedo
stupidly setting my house on fire with cologne
stepping on my phone
dying my asshole blue
publicly announcing to my Zoom class something about cheating.
trying to smack a street sign that was quite high up...
taking out my contact lenses with redhot Cheeto dust on my fingers.
seeing my elderly relative naked
missing my college final exam.
not fixing the gauges in my truck
WTF youtube
TIFI by dropping my airpod into a tikka masala giving my long distance boyfriend his present for Valentine’s Day.
eating a chocolate bar after using it for my pleasure
starting a rumour at work
telling my girlfriend’s family that we needed the living room for sex
pouring gasoline on a fire and not diesel
aiding and abetting cultural genocide on Wikipedia Looking At My Dead Grandparents' Computer
being late to a job interview. An interview that then ended with an arrest.
after I told my bestfriend I was watching a TV show on a free streaming site instead of on Netflix
letting my 4 years old chew a used condom.
calling the cops on my new girlfriend.
causing a three car pile up when I drove into the median.
cleaning my mask with all-purpose cleaner
for not keeping a secret
burning my lip on hot titanium
texting my boss something not meant for him.
I mistakenly called a Koren family Chinese
while crabbing at night
Typing in the Wrong Direct Deposit Information
getting a horse hair in my eye
having sex with my friends older brother
accidentally changing my business email name to ‘Hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha’
By Telling My Autistic Son we are going to Disney Land
being in denial about my weight
I thought I lost it all
cancelling my eyebrows
writing down a fictional character's name on a question about my celebrity crush.
Disappointed my favourite teacher
going back to see what’s down that road.
getting caught making out by a teacher.
telling Duke I would rape him in front of his girlfriend.
almost telling my boss I had my clit pierced
The moment you feel a sneeze coming and you have a hot beverage in your hand.
burning my butthole
podding in my brothers face
I miss my dog :(
leaving a cup of pee on someones desk
not realising my household was being paid to be tested for corona
going for a night running.
I thought Space Folding was real
accidentally stalking my crush
losing my glasses
walking in on my parents.
running in my house
trying to be rid of my cough
I went on Reddit. SMH.
loosing my dads autographed baseball
going out in public
Today i fucked up by making reddit think i am a pedophile
taking with my webcam after an online interview
being mistaken for my mom
(NSFW)  eating a full bag of hot Cheetos and nothing else
listening to my new earbuds while cooking dinner for my family
sending a rude text about my boss to my boss
calling my girlfriend "Mommy" during sex
By trying to talk about about a subject through text that I knew need to explain in person
going onto a weird ass furry yiffinh gif subreddit
getting drunk and making my girlfriend feel like shit.
telling my 4yr old a dirty joke
blowing a federal agents cover
using an old t-shirt to strain homemade oat milk
Why not just split and NSFWinto 2 separate subs?
trying to "zoom in" on a paper flyer
shooting my dad in the nuts with a LEGO gun
trying to wax my legs and instead accidentally burned my skin off
crying at a job interview
getting hedgehog pee in my eye.
getting pranked by a 3 year old April Fools joke
By Being Honest
smoking at my girlfriend’s house while her dad coincidentally looked at the security camera.
TIFUpdate -  ironing a shirt
having explosive diarrhea
talking about smoking with my teacher
indirectly smearing cum on my sister's face
Just play safe
I said to my little sister to put her adopted dog to sleep.
almost losing everything I’ve done in the video game I’ve been making for the past 8 months
sending myself nudes.
eating spicy food before a phone interview that I had forgot about.
volunteering to speak in class.
purchasing a groceries for a girl
accidentally dropping my sex toy and leaving it in the bathroom.
I got a boner when my sister sat on my lap
being an absolute crybaby.
By going into the office
breaking my nose from bouncing it off....
not making sure my drunk roommate got to bed ok and letting three floors of a hotel get flooded
posting a guide on how to build a gallows on my company slack channel
trying a befriend a squirrel.
f*cking up my life like a master for months
jerking off with Bengay
returning to the town I left in August 2018.
not knowing limits of jokes
I accidentally ended my email in reply to my teacher with vulgar words
not wearing a mask at a public place
melting candle wax
saying that "brown people have to go back home"
breaking into a store and receiving instant justice
waking up late for a yoga date with my friend
Cutting In Front Of My Sisters Boyfriend
telling a girl i love her
trying to surprise my girlfriend in the shower
losing a game of beer pong
Today I fucked up by inviting a "Karen" to our party
going to a kids' birthday party
stealing back my PlayStation
opening a link
letting my dog lick my dick
WELCOME TO CARIBBEAN CRUISE LINE VACATION
biting my tongue off
complementing Kobe Bryant on how well his kid played soccer
becoming the local panty sniffer
using accidentally leaving my voice changer on for the first day of online work
proposing to my gf as an April Fool'd day joke
trying to be funny with surgery admissions staff
I think I was sexually assaulted by my dad but I don’t know.
leaving a receipt for sex toys in a communal area leaving a receipt for sex toys in a communal area
not listening to my dog when she's tried to warn us. Could lost house and life!!
I crashed my car twice!
doing number 2, forgot about it and moved outside home.
not getting pregnant
probably eating too much and moving less.
being a shit dad and doing the same thing I accused my ex of
I broke my roomies $100 wood cutting board
keeping a cactus in a saucy planter in my window
fucking with a stranger and forgetting about karma.
I just talked to a maskless person while not wearing a mask.
Feeding the tick on my dick
nearly killing myself at work.
overdosing on burnt weed.
shoving my 3ds stylus into my urethra
trying to chug a root beer.
Misplaced an Entire Paycheck
removing a piercing
eating Taco Bell
longboarding on a steep road and did not wear protection
not paying for $80 worth of Chinese food
betraying my friend group.
thinking Phil Collins and Joe Cocker are the same person.
Didn't buy my mom a Christmas present.
farting on my gf while we had sex.
eating my roommates period blood
interjecting between a white man hitting a black man on the trolley.
eating out my wife after eating spicy hot wings and sending her to the ER
forgetting both of my parents' birthday.
potentially ignoring covid symptoms
forgetting my bedroom door no longer closes itself
asking a co-worker how long they’ve had a speech impediment
wearing flats to an interview
Do people forget the T in r/
having my boyfriend be a cuckhold while I slept with a tax accountant (NSFW)
Today I was born accidentally pushing Coca Cola promo boxes and them falling on my really stroblng peper spray.
making my boyfriend blind with sex 🙈
using the self serve checkout
sending hetnai instead of my assignment
trying to kiss my homies goodnight
asking a blind woman to visually confirm her order
cleaning out my mailbox
giving my SOs best friend edibles and having to call 911 naked
not buying shares of gamestop
LPT  jizzing on a female nurse
while trying to secretly masturbate at home whilst having company
Contracting High Risk HPV
a huge parental fail and a dead chicken.
allowing myself to fall for my best friend...
Shit!
my left picky TLDR
trusting a fart in the bath, gross
accidentally attending a ballet
douching with my date
not telling my wife I’m Autistic
accidentally calling a panel of my Senior Consultants “retards”
I smacked someone in the face
Today i fucked up by going to the wrong fastfood restaurant to pick up our order
doing not doing laundry enough
going on an African Safari with my pregnant sister in law
not using soap, ever
showing my host father a YT video
forgetting my microfone OPEN during online classes while playing rocket league and having a rage with a lot of screaming and curses during my french class
Exercising.
planning on giving my wife the gift that her mom got for her and her 2 sisters.
" not breaking up with my boyfriend and him shitting on our bed, and the finally breaking up with him!" -telling for a friend.
attempting to duel a bat with nothing but a Hefty garbage can.
Nsfw I have to tell someone that I don't know this story.
getting epinephrine shots in my head
calling a black man a half a person.
smoking a lot of pot
real life stories from a real dude
(feeling up) touching my sister in law's butt
installing Blender 2.81
accidentally telling my grandma her food tasted like cum
twice at the same time
laughing loudly in a funeral home
having diarrhea shrapnel get on my cat’s back
Fucking Riley Reid
When I Sabotaged My Wife During a Baking Contest.
Corona virus
making my friend smash my window and him getting 3 stiches
not writing a cover letter for a job
Losing a Pencil Down My Cast
volunteering to write a crossover fanfiction
getting in a fender bender
combining two phrases to say “Your problem.”
letting a cleaning service in my house.
Wife's Cousin Came By... Mistakes were made. But fun mistakes.
finding my old ski jacket
being a nasty ass and basically becoming depressed for two years
taking a long nap on Thanksgiving.
not logging out of my nsfw snapchat
having a pee dream at my girlfriend’s
Tis was funny at the time but the aftermath isn’t good
cutting my self nearly to the bone and squirting blood all over my room and on my open computer.
telling my trainer he never goes down
mixing alcohol and marijuana in rather copious amounts of each substance.
having quarantine sex.
not setting my alarm
gushing about my boyfriend’s dead dog
having an edging session when I was home alone
asking my new friends if water polo isn’t really tiresome for the horses.
writing "Dead Mr ..." instead of "Dear Mr...", and then SENDING it
accidentally rickrolling everyone in a meeting
missing him
spraying a toilet in Europe in my shit.
not telling my girlfriend how I really feel
Because I literally almost died due to giant pig testicles.
assuming my ex blocked my number and becoming a batshit crazy exgirlfriend
peeing on a spider
screaming "fuck you" at my family just before midnight
Inflamed Ball sack guy
making the same mistake I made literally a year ago... only this time I caught it before it really hurt.
let a Dog ruin sex
crashing myself to a parking barrier while riding with my escooter
accidentally drinking caffeine
running and forgetting to bring my athsma inhaler
Masturbating And Cleaning Myself Afterwards
seeming super racist
burning our marriage certificate
accidentally airdropping a nude video to my brother
Help with karma my guys, I’m a karma believing kinda guy but would just like to post stuff in general. Seems kinda useless without that feature and all but I get it.
I fucked my 3ds
asking my colour blind chemistry teacher whether a colour change had occurred during the titration I was doing.
keeping a toy in my dormroom
laughing at the dead
circa 1986) by asking my toddler to hold his pee
ripping of my sweatpants' tag
Remember to read your labels
sending a pic intended for my LD boyfriend to a WhatsApp group with my parents
not washing my hands before using a tampon
making my therapist cry
touching my dick after cooking with chili.
using my roommates Waterpik as a bidet for three months, angering him.
rejecting the girl i like because i didnt want it to be awkward.
Today my Crypto wallet got hacked
smoking pot a month before my wedding
when SO has a court hearing through zoom.........
commenting on a YouTube video
going to the wrong bathroom.
sending my girlfriend a nude picture
trying to make coffee.
slicing the tip of my finger off
offering someone from my gym a ride home.
accidentally gatecrashing a funeral.
being a overexcited nerd
banging a glass wall while texting my friends about my first acceptance to a PhD program
eating half of a 600mg Infused Nerds Rope
sending a client my pricing calculations
saying me too
eating fart cookies
So it turns out by putting the space in the wrong place, you can very easily spell "I sucked a tit" instead of "I sucked at it."
giving a friend my phone
accidentally tagging myself on girls FB picture
using this text to my crush, and she thought I was comparing her with an order 🤦‍♂️.
summoning a birthday demon
destroying my balls
I fell and scraped my hand against the sidewalk, then licked the wound.
donating my nudes to a neighborhood library.
and my dad walked past the window.
Asking for help
telling my electrophysiologist my three month old daughter is “nice”.
trying to "safely" microwave an egg
calling boss out
getting my mom to help wipe jizz off my body.
accident flashing my private parts to a popular girl.
almost getting arrested for breaking and entering
putting vinegar in my iron
sending out a link to a motorized male masturbator to my entire company
right in front of my salad.
making my touch rugby debut
accidentally wearing a slightly racist mask to Walmart.
for not getting it with a cute girl
Accidentally tasted my own shit and vomited everywhere
This time I fucked up very hardly!
drunk moment)
sexting my virtual best friend.
saying you'r fun to play with to my friend
By ever trying ecstasy.
outting my best friend at his funeral
lying and dissapointing my mother.
exposing myself to gf's roommate
not eating before one of my fav band’s show and passed out during my beloved song
dehydrating my self.
playing my porn on the living room speaker
talking to a friend on speakerphone as my date walks in the room.
opening my door to terror
flipping a stranger off
icing a cereal box for a charity cake auction.
having too much gravy
answering the phone after eating Gas Station Food.
Locked out at Work
getting too adventurous in Virtual Reality
showing tiger corpses to 8 year olds while they ate lunch.
using the wrong card on psn
going completely off on people who were putting shopping carts full of toilet paper into their van, only to find out they were donating it
sending a dick pic to the wrong person
I shot my shot with a very attractive man and I got swerved HARD joining a p0rn group on Facebook and forgetting about it.
walking in on my parents doing it while trying to bring breakfast in bed for my mom’s birthday
Im screwed
not wearing pants
not cancelling my Dentist appointment
badly
drinking cat piss thinking it was yoghurt.
telling my doctor I have anxiety
mentioning Hitler
accidentally consuming one of my mom's edibles and destroying my weed virginity
inappropriately doing a job interview
TIDU by dumping a bunch of money
almost snipping my PP with a picnic table
not pooping at work
smoking weed and passing out on an inmportant live interview on national radio
I accidentally drank from someone else’s water bottle at the gym
changing lightbulbs with the switch on.
being ambiguous when trying to be nice to an old lady and her dog
nearly setting my badminton cort on fire
having digestive problems as a teen for years
almost having a ‘sex sent me to the ER’ moment.
LPT:  accidentally filing a complaint against the downstairs crackhead
sexing the sexiest sex because I have a vagina
losing my favourite bra
I can't do my sexual desires
seeing my female coworkers pussy lips and causing a super awkward relation between us.
reminding my friend about his dead dad
I just ingested weed infused bath oil
Offering Bananas and Making it Awkward.
Writing the Time of a Friend's Funeral in a New Calendar
By flooding my apartment. TL ; DR
joining a discord call
accidentally kicking my cat
getting myself probably kicked out
ordering and paying for food then leaving without it
taking a shit so big, I absolutely destroyed the toilet.
mentioning a streamer’s ex whilst she was streaming
leaving liquid in my trash can
teaching a 6 year old to swear.
throwing my controller at my PC monitor.
not reminding my wife I hadn’t seen Star Wars yet while telling her I hadn’t seen the new season of The Mandalorian.
trying to blow bubbles from windshield washer fluid
taking out the bins and tearing my arms to shreds
By having birthday sex with my (23F) boyfriend (23M)
telling a random fast food worker that I love her at the checkout window
trusting my body
using Messenger and almost buying a rank in Minecraft that i didn’t need.
attempting to masturbate with the shower head and then a knob on it broke.
taking a shit on my dog's dick, then he ate it..
sexing the sexy woman
asking to change into new lingerie in the dressing room.
Called my professor mom in front of 30 other students (I’m 19)
dropping my weed grinder in a river and then breaking my bong
mixing opioids and monster
asking a stranger an embarrassing question.
making the impossible, possible.
picking up a free car
paying for Big Chungus porn
ruining my life and the pretty, popular girls' birthday party with toilet humour
in the school group chat
drunk texting my good guy friend and telling him how I really wanted to hu with him
tasting a customers drink in front of her.
letting girlfriend pee in my mouth
letting my parents find my Reddit account..
when I wouldn’t stop smoking during corona lockdown
buying a vibrator, my mom thought I was gay and she almost died for
writing my gf name of my forearm with blade and didn't even got to show her.
popping a zit about a day and a half before a date and it ended up looking like I had herpes.
eating edibles and ruining New Years Eve
gaining 20lbs overnight!
accidentally opening my camera while attending an online class
Shooting A Rat
getting horny and putting in my card info to a porn site
when I decided to get a bj and fuck my girl on her parents small couch in a small apartment
not getting a cyst looked at
saving my cat?
discovering a friend is a thief
showing game of thrones to my mom
thinking I was trolling a hacker and probably getting placed on a FBI list somewhere
telling a chick they had a nice beard
at a protest rally by shouting loud enough for everyone to hear that celebrity chef Alton Brown has been a victim of police violence
interviewing my Grandmother and learning WAY more than I wanted to find out
jacking off before class
anonymously messaging a girl on Instagram.
not removing my ex from my Google calendar
And It Cost Me My Childhood
making a giant deer smash through my neighbor's living room window
forgetting where I was and faceplanting the floor.
leaving $50 in cash at the self checkout in the grocery store.
hitting on a guys wife at the gym
doing homework and studying all night
I accidentally called my coworker/ trainer a retard.
being honest
when the tech guy found my "deviant" porn stash
my first time buying condoms
complaining about sex during the first time in 6 weeks.
sending a picture of my shit to my mom then telling her to fuck off
posting to the wrong subreddit
accidentally alerting the taxman to the large liability of one of our clients
What goes around, comes around, yeahh (said Timberlake)
Making my Boyfriend Ride the Zipper at the Fair, Where He has a Seizure and Passes Out
deleting all of my solo album recordings
ripping my pants at work.
having a tinder date in my car
catching my house on fire... again.
not cleaning my room
sending a crude video to a new employee
reddit during orchestra
being to passive about defending a baby bunny from a hunting cat
resetting my router
putting sticky slime in my friend's hair
brushing my teeth with my boyfriend’s spare toothbrush
at work and could have ruined someones career
Blowing up a condom at Jack in the Box
having only 2 days (compared to months I thought I had) to ask a girl out due to coronavirus shutting my school
telling my kid about the dog’s balls
wasting $50
trying to buy a used game console.
not helping my wife clean
asking my daughter the sound of our life
slicing my face open in the shower
making a friend of mine have a major existential crisis
installing an Apple TV and exposing my app history
accidentally revealed online name to real-life friend
I just came into my soon to be ex wife.
setting my face on fire
backing into a shop bay door with a new customer car, smashing door, and boss hurts himself afterward on my first day at a new job.
I was Called a furry for liking scorbunny
nearly killing everything in my aquarium
stabbing myself in the mouth with a wooden skewer using google without logging out of my school email. (NSFW)
writing a troll story about my friend getting pregnant
Rick rolled for the first time
trusting a spicy gas station hot dog
telling a female new joiner that i wanted to impregnate her.
Forgot his birthday - wait, I got you this
catching a pigeon with my bare hands
masturbating inside a minion.
letting my robot vacuum work around my dogs while I was in the shower.
asking my coworker if she could die
punching my CPU tower so hard when playing BoxVR
setting my alarm for work on the calculator app.
reading to the girl next door about the  reading my grandpa the about a boyfriend reading his girlfriend the about a mother telling her child that Bob Ross is dead S
forgetting I was not on mute
NSFW by joking with my three year old son.
leaving pornhub on my open laptop.
making myself look like a zero pump chump and the biggest pervert on Earth... At work.
Get free amazon gift card
not staying home sick
calling someone the c-word in my school’s black student union office. Yes, THAT c-word.
roleplaying in Overwatch.
flicking my girlfriend's daughter in the vagina.
sliding down the schools banister
being immature
yelling at a deaf lady, twice.
letting my virgin gf give me a bj
not putting something securely away last summer
making a TikTok about the Cuomo brothers
biting my girlfriend's clitoris
Work and .....
getting Tinder on my Apple TV
drinking too much and accidentally becoming the Shit Bandit(mildly NSFW)
deleting Tinder
Covered in BLOOD going to door to door
I almost got a teacher fired due to my sub-par photoshop skills and the power of rumor spreading.
googling my ex
accidentally walking out naked in front of my husbands friends while complimenting his bedroom skills
dancing to "Let's Go To The Mall"
Today I(19) fucked up and forgot my religious sister(24) and her husband(25) were in my discord server, and now i might get blackmailed by them
joking about getting hit by a car while riding a motorcycle
missing the toilet vase and shitting the whole bathroom.
kissing my wife during a romantic interlude. (NSFW)
not walking away during an argument
I threw away a vintage cap gun
not muting my microphone during a rant I may or may not have said out loud.
trying to swat a fly.
getting terribly stoned and ruining a date
putting on a charcoal face mask
bringing 5 year old half brother to the a slaughterhouse and Scarring him for life
I made an oopsies.
trying to help someone find a character creator
Oops. Wrong person.
poisening myself for the 3rd time in less than a year
accidentally stealing my friends phone
teaching my cat a trick
talking to a girl
accidentally swearing to my friend's girlfriend in group chat
trying to guess the name of a bear.
elbow bumping an asian and came off as racist
pointing a knife to two cops
Googling Health Insurance Benefits
getting my order messed up at Taco Bell and almost instigating into a fight.
confessing my feelings to my crush.
allowing my niece to impale my car on a fire hydrant.
and trusted the wrong fart
laughing at my toddler's new song, now Mickey Mouse is on drugs.
laughing too hard at night time
getting fooled again
cuttinf my midle finger with a fan
eating pistachios
telling a black lady the carriers are only for the whites.
hitting on a cute nurse on accident
never coming forth with an old lie
mishearing a question during a job interview
Today I fucked up by trying to skateboard
Coughed in a store
responding to unsolicited nudes with an unsolicited dickpic
accidentally rubbing my deaf brother’s dick with my foot
when my Grad school Professor asked me to screen share my computer screen during my zoom class, and I forgot that my only fans account, and Botox websites were all open for them to see. I wanted to die
having sex next to my sister
trying to show off to my wife and ordering an $80 shot of whiskey
CUTTING UP SOME PEPPERS AND TOUCHING MY NUTS
TOTALLY having le WILD sexy sex with my SEXY gf
letting my wife clip the cat’s nails in our marital bed.
handing off a task to someone else
acidentally posted a video fingering my vagina on Snapchat.
Today I fricked up by flopping a ruler
doing sex in place I wasn’t supposed to sex
spilling boiling water on my foot.
putting a blindfold on my neighbor's cat and he walked into the pool
going through my parent's trash
staying out after everything was closed and not being able to find a restroom.
Driving a stolen car and getting caught
and told a battered women that I looked up to her abuser
almost stealing a grill.
saying I do barbiturates
ruining my brother's wedding
Decided to have a bar mitzvah because I went to one and had fun.
lying to my best friend.
By sarcastically telling my wife that the coronavirus is man made to get rid of old people
Locked myself out of my house while getting pizza
accidentally sending child porn to a room full of 16 year old boys during my family reunion
TUFU by making this shit from not today
heating milk
ordering a pinky snorkel online turns out looks like a big cock.
telling everyone a new word I learned from Lord of the Rings
dropping the mic on France national day
meeting someone on grindr
painting a Bob Ross painting at the back of my assignment
the top of my head
because i sat in a mcdonalds
participating in a circle jerk.
suggesting a rhyme as a solution on r/amateurroomporn
letting my employer know I use weed.
for going to the doctor for an infected thumb.
Masturbating with My Lush and Pulling a Muscle
Don't give your house keys to family members
sending a girl gas money
trying to be nice and leaving in a hurry
buying the Kindle with ads
telling my gf of 3 months that I love her
making a girl I was dating extremely uncomfortable
playing porn in front of my roomates
when my sister sat on a sex toy
drinking and eating vegetables from my garden.
really badly by forgetting to babysit kids I had promised a week prior.
being catfished and almost getting her pregnant.
Accidentally Biting My Dentist's Finger
drying my face with my older sister’s chepa (vagina) towel
not having medical insurance for next year.
asking my substitute teacher what profession he was studying to be.
organizing a climate sit in and getting blacklisted from an entire industry
hurting myself in the shower
dropping a brand new PRISM+ 144HZ gaming monitor...
trying to smoke Vyvanse soaked in flammable liquid.
snagging my nipple on a zipper
entering
splitting wood barefoot
not preparing for that special time of the month and going to church camp for the second time
throwing concentrated hydrochloric acid on my crush
almost shipping my wallet to China
looking at my dads computer history
Towing My Best Customer's Car
feeding my neighbor's pitbull
eating my dad's underwear
punching my kid’s plush toy
accidentally overcharging customer tips for over 4 months without knowing
breaking the news about the election to my boyfriend.
not getting my lab coat and shoes earlier
broadcasting an adult movie to my tv infront of my unsuspecting, pentecostal family
trying to get easy money on a casino website because I'm poor now I'm even more poor.
hiding in a corner waiting for a group of teens to walk away
cleaning the drain in front of my husband
leaving underwear on the floor
accidentally drinking my own urine
making an incest joke
forgetting how a door works
not deleting emails over the pandemic
walking in an airport
Flfkfkflail
Testing My Table Saw With My Finger (spoiler, it's SHARP)
drinking my Arizona tea!
mentioning queefs in a family chat room
Today I F’d up by feeding squirrels
getting in a debate about racism with my dad
because of a quarantine induced sex dream
making a racist joke
driving my dad's new jeep and it caught fire
manscaping with the bathroom door open
unadvertly being a perv
forgetting that I had the change in my pocket...
making a reddit akkount for my friend's krush
stacking two vintage glass mugs and now they’re stuck together
getting my head stuck in the climbing frame
spraying a one night stand with farts, lube and shit (NSFW)
going straight from the waxing salon to the tanning salon. First I chose to have hair violently ripped out of their follicles which, let's face it, removes 3 layers of skin at the same time and THEN I went and lay on a sunbed to 'tan' that traumatized skin...
forgetting I ordered Thai food and thinking it was Chinese.
TIFI by grabbing chickie nuggies from the back of the freezer
NSFW  hearing "anal sex" instead of "anal sacks" when discussing my client's dog.
LPT: Don't fuck up and don't use oil as lube
probably killing my date's dog
when I preheated the oven without checking for what was inside.
delivering for Doordash
Caught Spouse Cheating Secretly
confusing my friend from Dominoes Pizza with a lady with deep voice
My day
canceling a party invitation i really wanted to go to just so i wont feel bad for not studying.
having coffee at night
cleaning my glasses before going to the bathroom
sharing my desktop screen
Thought I just accidentally hit my lip, turned out to be something more painful
taking a quick nap before the gym.
today i fucked up by burning myself
sending a snowy Dpic to superior at work. Day 8 of quarantine...oops.
not understanding how putting an offer on a house works.
touching a wedding dress
being traumatized by weed
accidentally trolling someone and losing a chance to play together in a video game
jumping over a dog
texting my son that I love and miss him and I’m sorry.
Thanks Facebook live
sending a video of me doing drugs in a class group message
taking acid and I have to get up in 8 hours
telling my brother he was adopted (it was an accident)
telling my friend her mom deserved to die
breaking my leg in one of the dumbest ways imaginable
overestimating how good I was at parkour.
convincing a manager to quit his job
acedentialy flashing my pp in the middle of class.
giving away hundreds euros worth toys
pretending to be dead
grabbing what I thought was my girlfriend’s butt
not locking my hotel room door.
I've lied a lot about myself to a close friend in my hometown and it's been going on for a decade, and I don't know how to come clean.
telling a girl in my 6th grade science class how her anus was circular.
showing my little brother peppa pig
making my brother believe that I'd killed myself
chugging gatorade
Got bamboozled by the dispensary.
glueing my dick
when in my ceramics class, I gave a handjob to a large clay dildo. It came.
ordering live pet food
accidentally leaving my mic on while shagging my boyfriend
hitting my friend in the head with Hotdog shorts
arguing with a college student on Twitter
also having a cat. deliberately stinging myself with a wasp
shouting my McDonalds order in my sleep
R/ sending my mom a sticker thay said; Don't be an asshole.
accidentally being racist in front of my whole class at my new school
resetting a restaurant network.
drinking a glass of my father's "leftovers"
insulting my exchange student's mother and therefore ruining our classes exchange relations forever.
tried to sell a life insurance quote to a dead woman's widow.
WATCHING BVS
getting the wrong medicine
diving to catch the ball, in a dream.
GETTING DOODOO EVERYWHERE
I shaved my hair right down the middle for 40$ I am really regret it knowing I have a zoom meeting tomorrow
downloading a cracked program
telling an old man his dead wife was disappointed in him
I cut someone's hair, messed up and tried to glue the ends back on with a glue stick.
brushing my teeth with hand lotion
losing it all to pepper,, and a potato
ripping ass during one of the worst time to do so.
inviting my friend to her own surprise party
By accidentally insulting my wife’s feet.
Perforating my ear drum by getting WWE slammed
almost killing a person
getting blue balls and readjusting my pants
flipping out during my MRI
staying loyal to my employer
having really rough sex and potentially getting pregnant, by being really loud having sex disturbing at least 50 of his mums employees and by getting injured in the process ....
Spotify almost got me evicted
calling my brother a retard
saying a bad word
Sandbox Incident
playing tag with my cat
eating food in the shower
Regurgitating food in front of my superiors
trying and failing to log into my older brother's PSN account getting my mom a Christmas gift.
accidentally soliciting shit-quotes from students
fucking my STEP DAUGHTER. ( Real story).
df
serious please read till the end
not keeping an eye on my apprentice
attempting to shovel driveways.
just straight up shitting on my rug.
almost burning down a field giggin frogs
I fucked up by not being more fiscally sound.
Bought Sex Toys using Mom's PayPal
selecting a "quiet" bathroom which becomes an unwanted advance
forgetting what I was wearing
having a conversation with my nephew.
doing the laundry...
thinking I got pebbles for a grave stone as a Christmas "gift"
sending my wife a pdf copy of our marriage certificate. She is mad at me and I don't know why.
apparently not paying enough attention to my school email
talking to strangers
I fucked up so badly this year
accidentally showing my sister a screenshot referencing 101 Dalmatians rape porn
peeing in my own mouth
having sex with my boyfriend while his parents were home. (NSFW)
farting in my sleep every day for a month straight in front of my family.
This sub is ass
no
watching a video about Poopsie Slime Surprise during class.
becoming a sex vampire by accident
getting too stoned with my brother's friends
Telling My Friend A Joke
Today I fucked up by getting my drone stuck in a tree.
starting something petty that ended with my husband shoving a female to the ground
saving a dog from choking
having le sexy sexy sex
checking on my dog.
but I dont feel anything about it???
Fell asleep at the worst moment possible.
Shitting Myself
Today I fucked up by grabbing an assToday I definitely fucked up.
going virral
giving my friend a lap dance
Myashore23rd birthday
creating a Google Account Underaged
GIVEAWAY $100
getting high instead of taking my antidepressants and missed my midterm because of it.
thinking my wife was asking for sex
asking out my friend/casual crush
poking her pooper.
Today I stopped traffic
not renewing my ID
buying a used washing machine
linking to a porn account
accidentally dropping a cat treat between my legs whilst wearing very thin trousers
putting Splenda into my bubly sparkling water and it erupted like a volcano.
drinking lube
od'ing on shrooms and locking out my partner because he was a replicant.
forgetting I bought a Fleshlight
doing an Asian accent at work, when I’m not Asian
You said you needed a “piss”
letting my mom eat carrots
unintentionally hitting on my co-worker.
talking dirty to my girlfriend while her mom was eavesdropping
focusing too hard on taking out the trash before leaving town for Christmas
making my mom think I'm gay
googling for Floppy Dicks
reaching between by my wife’s legs
burning my dick twice
taking a stroll through a nature preserve to get "one with nature"
getting smart with a dildo
for Not Letting the Horse TAKE A SHIT!
sleeping with the best friend of my fiancee
accidentally flashing a group of people my bare breasts in front of a McDonalds
telling a heartbroken acquaintance that she wasn't cute...
throwing a ball at my wall
accidentally spooning my GF's daughter.
Apparently I don’t known how to be anonymous
stumblin on sick things on dark web.
Typing f4m when i meant m4f. Flat out. Got so many PM's in less than a minute. (Not an exaggeration)
Left a condom on
ran down a hill and got hit by a car
Confronting handicap faker
putting an E-Collar on my foster cat
being racist
not seeing the wheelchair
with the toilet
freezing my lady parts during a bike ride
blasting my music in the shower not knowing there was people home.
leaving my nightstand drawer open
laughing at a virgin
going clubbing without planning a route home, knowing my phone was dead.
accidentally flushing a clogged toilet and not telling my mom immediately.
getting contact cement in the sink
testing the circumference of my favorite cup.
I wrote a lenghty emotional letter to a strict faculty over a 'late submission'.
Poopy Run
j walking to get to work faster
loosing my phone and cars running over it
not understanding how rain effects Longboard bearings
bringing home a surprise for my wife.I hate it....
Bless you!
losing my credit card inside my wallet.
trying to sneak into my old school
making bacon cheeseburgers
telling my cousin I'm looking for her in my dates
causing ants to get all over my house
writing cunt on my job application
accidentally spending $18 on porn.
cooking burger patty
inadvertently making a man who’ve known for years to fall in love with me.
not checking the Promotions folder (on Gmail)
listening to a friend, and making my mom go to "www.poopsex.com" where she saw things she never dreamed existed.
not confirming my bet
not crying at my Mother's funeral and instead, smiling
not bringing my EpiPen to work with me
coming home for thanksgiving
making OP relive his horrible birthday
when the Home Alone movies made me break my arm
witnessing a guy get hit by a car, and then ran out of gas.
letting my sister use my laptop
accidently sending an adult caption photo to my college's department whatsgroup.
burning my nipple with my hair straightener
softening cream cheese
peeing near a tunnel
ordering a large size chips at a Mexican restaurant
paying tuition deposit and regretting it instantly and then trying to stop my parents from finding out.
pissing all over the Saint Nicholas holiday feast. Literally.
playing Fallout New Vegas.
spilling cosmetic wax in my freezer. Please help.
looking like a weirdo at the office.
trying to buy cigarettes with a counterfeit bill
not checking my bowl of cereal and eating hundreds of dead ants
having sex
eating moldy beef jerky
narrating my dog taking a shit whilst my son was on a live online high school class
eating an orange in the shower
driving into the hospital
telling my dad I thought the protests were an overblown and now he thinks I’m a callous and don’t care about black people
boarding a newly NEUTERED dog, unknowingly
providing the wrong form of ID for background check
not listening to reviews
I washed electrical wires with water
breaking the cardinal rule of athletic events
walking into a drug dealers house without permission
finally ordering a PS5 and putting the wrong zip code.
pushing a bug off of my shoulder.
leaving edibles in the fridge
casting porn to the main tv
when I let the longest and loudest fart in a public restroom
yhrowing my bf a surprise party.
trying to impress a girl.
flushing my laundry down the toilet
I feel like an actual potato
flirting with co-worker as a joke
I'm in trouble at work for leaving early and lying about it.
walking my dog in a new interesting place
leading my boss to believe I'm a member of a sorority
Dad heard us have loud sex
making a rookie spelling mistake.
sharing my life with my guy, got ghosted.
sending a picture of my butthole to my supervisor by a mistake.
endangering my girlfriends life for our two year anniversary.
doing hand stuff with my boyfriend while our friend was asleep next to us
I smoke weed on class
waxing my ear hair
breaking almost all of my plates and bowls
Holiday
falling for the Instagram free watch scam
being in the anti-vax discord (I’m pro-vax). this is my story
craving a banana split
spicing up my sex life.
going bi on tinder to find a bench spot
confusing my Puerto Rican girlfriend for Mexican.
toilet accident
shopping online.
buying an Elton John CD
going to a hookup and not double checking my Lyft destination
showing a girl a dick pic
opening an AskReddit thread
going for a run on Christmas going for a run on Christmas.
Wear your helmets kids
forgetting it’s NOT my girlfriend’s birthday.
TIFUpdate:  asking my friends if there was "anything I can do to help"
singing 'shut the fuck up' during online school
falling of a skateboard, biting through my tongue entirely and broke off my front tooth. Got the tooth fragments stuck INSIDE my tongue.
sending memes to Christian girls
Group Chatting my adult kids and a couple of their friends during sexytime.
for sending my wife a pdf copy of our marriage certificate. Now she is mad at me and I don't know why.
telling my fiance I'd pick guns over her
holding in a fart while using my water pik
asking for ME AT rub at World Market
I lent money to a neighbour.
filing a formal complaint against my cable guy
By reading my phone while lying in bed and dropping it on my face.
looking for my dad's old phone charger.
being uncircumcised and not knowing how to pee
flooding the entire 3th floor of my flat
opening the curtains naked and not realizing the painters were here
Smelled my Fart Underwater TL;DR
cursing when I thought I ended a voice message
letting people believe I am getting kidnapped
mistaking the "hide game" function on steam as a tool that actually hides the games existence, playtime etc. on my steam profile...
waiting and now my family might be homeless
having sex while she had an upset stomach
giving a drunk guy a ride home from a bar.
plugging in a router wrong
accidentally asking a girl to flash each other
Yanked My Menstrual Cup and Gave Myself A Prolapse
I'm now a proud owner of two awkward group chats I don't belong in
/ sending my gay friend a sext about oral sex
wishing I had a Poo Knife
not knowing that Victoria’s Secret is only a Lingere store
angrily interrupting bible study
trying to have a conversation with a Trump supporter/ extreme right right sider
when karma caught up to me, doing the deed
forgetting to put air in my tire.
sitting on my feet for too long
trusting a lie detector
LPT:  making my waitress think I was deaf
Bbs
getting into an accident without having insurance
not making a sexy post
getting scammed by a guy acting as a girl on fb.
probably going to work high as a kite.
I forgot to bring a bag
when i almost fell from a 20m tall rock. The sea was underneath it... but i didnt know how to swim back in the day.
getting Need For Speed: The Run instead of GTA IV
NSFW  gobbling and getting teabagged
Today i fed up by accidently locking 3 iphones
brewing pruno in my collage dorm
leaving my bathroom door unlocked
trying to be a good person.
Phone still connected to Alexa
accidentally being a furry at the store
not paying attention to the PC that I built.
missing multiple red flags and losing $500.
petting a dog
accidentally feeding my sister-in-law my cum
because I chose to eat taco bell
posting my girlfriends boobs on facebook
By reading a tidy about someone eating to much garlic, then eating to much garlic.
jokingly leaving a note that may or may not cause a coworker to be fired over
i made a stupid lame joke in class and i embarrassed myself infront of everyone
putting my contact lenses in.
There’s irony here I just can’t put a finger on it
asking my boyfriends niece to add me on animal crossing
Comic sans has struck again.
having stupid big dumb flat feet.
accidentally sending a nude to my brother.
browsing reddit while working from home
swiping right on my kid's roomate
choosing a volunteer to join our team. Now I have to listen to her slurp and gulp her way through two meals a day, 7 days a week.
taking vitamins on an empty stomache
wearing a bra that was too small to a hook up
being a registered Democrat...
not fucking..
Accidentally said "I love you" to colleague
accidentally missing my final exam and going from nearly an A in the class to an F in the class.
not plugging my phone in all the way and having my friend I met on Xbox live stranded in a foreign country.
washing cum down my friends bathroom sink
getting high alone
liking my name and then realising I was named after a mass murderer.
Oopsie poopsie
What comes around goes around, yeah
feeding my cats
streaming my work to my teammates
sending my girlfriend the invoice for her engagement ring
Getting Locked Out Of My Dorm Room On My First Night As A Freshman, While High On THC Gummies.
I f up
Online girlfriend has another online boyfriend who thinks I'm her real boyfriend but her real boyfriend also exists but is someone completely different
feeding Alka-Seltzer tablets to a bunch of seagulls.
ingesting an uncomfortable amount of insects
never moving the couch when cleaning. Spiders, spiders everywhere (video)
trying to pass a car while going 80 mph on the highway
insinuating that my Gf should wear a bra on webcam chat.
eating a squirrels nuts 🥜
masturbating with the wrong lotion
ruined sis’s bday present
not knowing about the “reply to all” function of mail programmes for all my life
challenging god
Send a cat fact thinking this is what they wanted and made a fool out of myself
Very   getting caught during auto-felatio.
running a red light
asking my bestfriend whats wrongLetting A Patient Use Phone, Accidentally Call Bumble Date
jsjsjsjsj
Literally just got denied by the girl I liked and I thought she liked me
Asked my crushes favorite podcaster to wish her a happy birthday
not listening to online tips and naming mt cat after food.
A 'never do this at home' but I did
throwing a rock on my head
forgetting I took an edible and going to Walmart.
saying ‘it sucks’ on a Webex call when my mother was listening.
mixing up the pressure cook setting with the slow cook setting on instant pot
when I called my cousin UGLY and SCARY AF to her face in Target because...
PRO TIP!
sous viding the baby
not locking the bathroom door.
Date canceled due to load management
I bought an aux cable at an american convenience store that says 10ft on the package when its actually 6 ft.
Spent the last 2 whole days (And night) painting a portrait And joined it once it was finished
suggesting to rename this sub to TIF
scaring a grandma to death by cutting myself and coughing
giving my cat her pill
สัตวแพทย์ เปิดผลชันสูตร เตี้ย มช. เจอเศษไม้ลูกชิ้นในท้อง
having one of the shittiest moments of my life
sending a voice message to my boss of me taking a massive shit in the mens restroom.
eating chicken
TIFUpdate - Prank on my son went wrong.
I worked onboard a bleeder ship and it f**ked me.
making my new neighbor think I'm a perverted mentally ill person.
TFIU by trying to fart
getting drunk during school
using Arnold Schwarzenegger's voice as a klaxon alarm during a high profile tour with our investors and stakeholders
sending my mom an accidental dick pic
Crush accused me of sexual assault now wants me back.
discharging myself from hospital early
accidentally peeing all over the floor
I used Donald Trump's credit card
accidentally deleting 500+ Gb worth of memories with my GF
smoking a joint I left in a baggie for a few months
swimming two hours with my phone in my pocket.
putting a kool aid sachet in the same pocket as my keys
leaving a turd on the bathroom floor
peeing in my gf’s cat’s litter box.
jerking off to hentai when my dad was still not asleep. (NSFW)
I sold my virginity for £3,000
eating glass.
attempting a home DIY
giving away 600$ Worth of games Steam account away
TDIFU by not reading the label
leaving tinder installed on my phone
copying my backup mp3s and photos to a hard drive
when I almost died by anal
stinking the bus with my heavily sulphur scented fart
misgendering somebody
accidentally hissing at my mom
clicking on a link
being asked out by 2 girls
doing 25 shits in a day because I was an idiot and gave myself food poisoning and now I understand how important hygiene is
my bank account
eating mini M&amp;Ms and then pizza
FREE Health, Diet, and Fitness Audible Audiobook Promo codes.
Today I fucked up br dropping a heavy wooden toilet seat on my penis.
wackingoff on a company video call
Today I fucked up by cheesegrating my arm before my interview.
eating a whole pack of altoids in less than 30 minutes
picking letting a feral kitten crawl all over me.
m 20) by having gay sex with my roomate (m 22) and ex best friend(m 20) and possibly a whole frat(m 20 through to m47 probably)
I am an asshole
projectile crapping on my husband (round 2)
Such an embarrassing moment!
letting my teenager find out her parents are swingers
getting a roommate off craigslist that led to attending a bird funeral
getting a real life mushroom stamp while releasing my bowels
trying to make my brothers 10th birthday very special
going weewee on my daughters breakfast
being polite
By not blocking a person and now my bf (probably soon to be ex) is pissed
stealing my cousin’s neighbor’s food.
eating old burger
tackling a little girls’ cheerleading squad.
confronting my mother-in-law about posting to Facebook
Making Myself Have To Pee Every Six Minutes
feeding the birds
By eating an edible at a socially distant BBQ
dad walking in on me and my gf
noise canceling headphones worked TOO well.
I walked downstairs to say hi to my dad at 2 am (nsfw?)
bringing my mom with me to the doctor (medium)
Bad Bad Bad Vibrations
cooking a curry for my gf, resulting in gas attacks pt2
not being muted in an online lecture
crashing the whole districts internet, server, etc.
telling my mom I found my dad’s porn stash
inappropriately laughing during our sexual harassment prevention training
for try help my class
making my arsehole bleed
buying LSD in a white neighborhood
accidentally stealing a coat from menards
going to the wrong college on my first day of school.
hitting a pothole and stumble
getting banned from my 3 favorite subreddits.
tying my friend to a rope
hooking up with my ex, who's new roommate knows my mom
making my school think i am depressed/suicidal
creating a virus on my school’s computer.
Recording A Children's Movie
I searched something on my phone I DID NOT want my wife to see. Forgot to delete it and she saw it on my recent search history while on my phone, because I told her to look something up.
not wanting to be in the hospital
Today I fucked up by stopping my friend from being rude...
exposing my very small friend circle
Flashing a bunch of young kids
barking back at a dog
loudly announcing that someone with no arms isn't worth saving in my lifeguarding class in front of my teachers who is married to a man missing an arm.
taking my medicine with a cup of water on the nightstand
using my phone at grandmother's funeral
trying on a dress at a friends house.
creating a sex tape with a furry prostitute and sending it to all my coworkers.
passing up on a professional baseball player in highschool
loudly saying to my husband in the grocery store, "we can't do fondue tonight, because you're sick!"
having a ridiculous 2019, falling in love, and pretty much destroying my life
cremating my dead cat
literally holding my bladder and breaking my penis
cleaning up my work email and basically notifying my boss that I ignore him
drinking paint
crossdressing for school
telling the cute TA that i would marry him
discovering something super tragic about my new coworker.
calling a client's dog Ass
when my gf was scared about first day and I wasn't there for her
ignoring: "CALL THE POLICE! CALL THE POLICE RIGHT NOW!" Karen said.
screaming at a cyclist "JESUS LOVES YOU!"
making a grave joke
actually it was on Friday) by talking in a baby voice with the mic on during my 85 person grad school Zoom class
when I said yes to my ex that we can get back together
describing period sneezes to my boyfriend....
achieving orgasm during my abortion.
Today I fucked up by removing the NSFW settings on Reddit on my phone.
because I forgot that the pan was hot.
saying ‘it sucks’ on a Webex call in hearing range of my mother.
being accidentally racist and crossing the street when a black man was walking towards me. I didn't have a mask, he didn't have a mask, and I was just trying to socially distance.
agreeing to go camping without realising I was the designated carer for their first attempt at taking LSD
blinding myself while golfing
messing with my family's router
putting aloe on my sunburn
for laughing at a coworkers attempted suicide story
being a drunk and scary. Now I'm scared.
CATastrophe
not realizing the Evil Queen was breast feeding
setting the number of seconds on my microwave to my iPhone password
using a bug bite thing
incinerating my underwear on my FWB’s new stove
sending a potential landlord an adult video from Google Drive along with my rental application
wishing someone a happy new years
I once was late for work, because i was looking for a little boy's ball.
cleaning cutting boards with window cleaner
so bad, VICE wrote an article about it
underfeeding my puppy for the past 6 months.
listening to my father's sexual adventures. NSFW
making a stranger think I was car jacking them.
posting a photo of my dildo drawers to imgur
I had an attendance module that I had to hand a simple task in for and somehow I messed that up.
making an incredibly inappropriate joke during a zoom lecture
ingesting an unknown amount of insects
goodmorning and goodnight
mailing a journalist about anti-white supremacist affiliations with Heathenry, with an email that has "Heisenberg" in it.
Accidentally Starting a Memorial Fund for My Rapist
my boyfriend explaining my nickname, the cum gobbler
telling my family I’ve always wanted colorblind glasses to see if I’d cry
falling in the school bus and giving a nice view to the boys in the bus, and something to talk about!
trying to drive through an angry mob.
pity banging my grieving parents’ friend
testing a light switch without putting the cover plate on
Lost the one to stupidity.
I fucked up
accidentally going to the grocery store with a certain german leader's mustache.
having my social skills cut out mid sentence
for Resubmitting the Wrong Paper
using myself as a household accessory.
ending a 6 month long online friendship
accidentally masturbating to the fake image of a child actress.
being sarcastic in court *SOCRATES APOLOGY/CRITO PARODY*
playing basketball in 90F weather when on too many meds and nearly fainted.
accidentally leaving my erotic fanfiction open on my laptop, I may be have been disowned.
getting exposed on Snapchat
attending my parents divorce hearing and getting fired from my job.
dropping my Mom's phone.
accidentally showing someone a meme about porn
walking by next to a car pulling up to the curb in my apartment complex bumping lil Jon. I make eye contact with the driver and he had his windows down so I said hell yeah bopping my head up and down while I was taking my trash to the dumpster.
breaking my phone in the stupidest possible way, at a very inconvenient time
getting a blowjob in the car
wanting to see Kathryn Hahn naked
Today the employee at the Apple Store fucked up when I saw porn on his laptop.
sending my ex (not spoken since 2012) a pornvideo via whatsapp
awkwardly kissing my date on the neck while hugging
doing the naughty in a dark parking lot
YouTube advertising shows borderline porn.
throwing a axe through my wall
using a vaccum
leaving my bedroom window open on a hot day
the dinner is ready
leaving my keys in my car and thinking they were stolen
accidentally tripping shrooms at work
Busting a Nut at the Barbers
eating the worker’s pizza
using dish soap as dishwasher detergent
approaching my girlfriend's alter ego account from a throwaway account asking her if I could buy her nudes
pretending to be deaf for the entire quarantine.
jokingly telling my boyfriend “we need to talk”.
taking one step too far in the joke war at my tennis club and cry laughing about it
getting my girlfriend pregnant
smashing my laptop monitor
I showed my boyfriend one of my favourite pictures of him- it was his brother
telling my best friend that her husband sexually assaulted me while she was sleeping
asking mom if her life would be different
Jalapeño peppers
having an "Accident" while working
Naked Pokémon Go
making my skin fuse to my shirt
accidentally waking up the CEO of my company in the middle of the night.
having some light bondage fun with my wife
threatening a police officer
assuming that washing your hands twice is enough
not wishing/texting my best friend on his Marriage. First he was disappointed with me for not being there but now he won't reply.
Reaching For the Back Cookie
beating the heat with my meat
not paying attention to my bills.
trying to teach my family how to play Risk
hitting a car
missing my opportunity to get an adorable girls phone number
pulling out ahead of a truck.
almost being arrested for child sexual abuse.
having a good conscience.
leaving my A/C on while my septic bed was being pumped
My mom found out....
almost dying by electric current running through my body while i was sleeping
becoming a human kebab
watching Salò/120 days of sodom in my mom's house
trying to outsmart some spiders.
jerking myself off to sleep.
not being a tidy house guest
giving someone on my discord server admin roles
eating rice
getting my nephew excited about the end of the world.
proving that Holocaust was a lie to my class
fainting and falling into my parent’s fan, breaking it and hurting my collarbone
house sitting for my parents
Today I fucked up by calling my teacher my mom
watching the presidential debate!
peeling a walnut and giving myself a chemical burn
buying a scale with a weight capacity lower than my husband's..
leaving Acid in a paper bag
not having my Bluetooth on, while listening to heavy music in class and everyone thought that I was Satanist...
telling reddit I was a victim of child abuse
testing
stubbing my toe so hard that i woke up my dad and had to miss school the next day
eating Popeyes and blowing up the toilet and my social standing. GRAPHIC.
making my new barber think i am a pedophile.
having my dad find out i play gd.
not knowing how to smile for pictures for all of my childhood
flying a $1500 drone into a tree
stabbing my finger with a needle
attacking an old woman on a plane.
trying to light a candle
Welp today I fucked up
studying my brother's erection
moving to a different seat so I can win a game of UNO
making silverfish with my cum
nearly dying in a very stupid way during these trying times
Leaving this subreddit
realising I read and watched the Harry Potter books/films all in the wrong order.
forgetting a word.
sexy night with wife...did not go as planned
giving a stranger $600 cuz I felt bad.
breaking a $500 instrument
and I mean a few years ago) by not protecting my phone password.
shutting down 10 cinema screens mid-performances.
not answering my phone
wearing my kinky Dom/Sub necklace in front of my mother (NSFW)
getting up too fast
poisoning a customer
not controlling my cumshot (NSFW)
Trying To Substitute Barbecue Night For Pierogi Night
thinking I had hurt myself from having sex
riding a bicycle.
Threw up while giving a bj
I accidentally killed an entire pond of Koi Fish
my MIL sent a picture of my SIL to some craftsmen
updating my xbox in the front room
Not Wanting to Deal With My Friend's Depression
holding a stranger's hand
leaving my underwear and pads on the toilet before we had a guest over.
getting back into bed the wrong way
flushing
NSFW  letting my bf choke me
adding a legit number into a scam registry
making a fake Grindr account to catch my pervert neighbor....
attempting tantric sex
taking down the ENTIRE office network.
not paying attention to the vacuum cleaner.
making my vagina bleed without being on my period
what are you most proud of?
using the bug bite thing
getting locked out of my car by my dog.
having an anxiety attack at my bf’s friend’s mystery dinner party
congratulating an estranged friend on his engagement
calling police on my wife putting out the garbage.
giving a girl a poem
paying a person $370 that was recommended on reddit.
breaking my Laptop
dumpster diving
This is not worth the read so just TL:DR
not cleaning the trash can sooner
ordering sex toys with mom's PayPal account
my dad saw me looking at hentai
being friendly and gay at a train station
on a math quiz
asking to smell my fiance's "ripeness"
being mean to my wife in her dream.
becoming a vampire
completely ignoring my stomach pain
having morning sex with my girlfriend.
reading a recipe wrong
making a r/KarmaCourt case on a subreddit that was minding its own business
making a too "rough" joke/compliment
and ruined thanksgiving
calling into a meeting.
not backing up my photos appropriately
giving my 16 year old dog Xanax
asking my girlfriend for the millionth time if she got her period yet
not making sure no one would open my door...
mentioning the weed-wacker incident
looking at memes
Calling my dad bitch and then saying scandalous bitch
not realising what &lt;3 means
being extorted into paying a full price weekend pass ticket for just one night at an EDM festivalRetro Buying a house in/or around Tacoma, Washington
almost drikking hot glue gun glue.
Almost Ruining My Friend’s Broadcast
continually accidently subscribing to people's Reddits. They probably think I'm a stalker.
telling someone to fuck off in a religious online class
Telling Story about Santa not real in front of kids
not paying attention to my social life and outside life
Punched myself in the eye
trying to impress a girl I was into by sleeping with her friend.
being too woke
using a corrosive chemical to kill a cockroach in the bathroom
I think I killed my cat and I don’t know what to do (xpost from r/Advice).
putting a gold plated plate in the microwave and starting a fire
taking someone's else suitcase.
trying to give myself a Brazilian wax at home
Today, I fucked up....
letting Uncle Roger teach my 4 year old to swear
reading a at 4am
e bye 1k
Using bleach as lube
not realizing my boyfriend's scale is wifi enabled
buying a bikini trimmer
Stepping into 2021 with $5000 gone in my bank account
hiding from maintenance
letting my girlfriend's friend's name a new body part
copying my scary reddit post to my Uber eats customer.
not checking the expiration date of some cookies.
breaking my mom's favorite mug
not paying attention as I was shaving.
letting my mom clean my room..
using the wrong word
By Making A Shitty Post On r/canthaveshitindetroit
I took a lot more hydrocodone that I should've
measuring my wheelie bin.
speeding and passing in a construction zone (and getting caught)
ranting on Facebook.
Secksy sex sex sex! Sexy sex? Seckcks!
not recognizing the capability of karma
jacking off in my bedroom
eating that bomb ass burrito.
not eating, drinking a little wine, vomiting &amp; cockblocking myself
sending My Little Pony porn to my Psych 101 group
forgetting to lock our bedroom door.....
not checking what I eat
I texted my son,,,
having a breakdown at work
calling a passenger daddy
taking fake lsd.
drinking trader Joe's matcha green tea latte that I impulse bought
catching part of Thanksgiving dinner on fire
masturbating in a new way
with my new electric trimmer
waterboarding myself in the shower
Goofed Real Hard and Owe the Government $1,000...
sleeping naked
after a long shift I decide to be lazy and piss in a bottle resulting in me pissing all over my bed and walls.
Telling a Student Not to Squeeze My Balls
killing my laptop with a not so brilliant attempt to safe it from a power outage.
My classmate fucked up
when I stayed awake all night for an important date and then slept in the last minute and missed the whole thing
Running Over My Little Cousin
putting a knife in my sink pipes
I'm Freaking Out Right Now
Not muting during a faculty meeting.
contaminating my entire apartment with fiberglass after removing my mattress cover
mixing up the hot and cold buttons on the water dispenser.
telling my brother a lie that I definitely can’t back up
accidentally slamming my left foot into the corner of my bed frame. Resulted in a dislocated and broken toe and now I’m wearing a walking boot.
For Slicing My Hand Open After Watching An Epic Anime
sending a misogynistic sticker in the classroom group chat.
NEWSFlASH:7 YEAR OLD SHOT DEAD AFTER SAYING N WORD AT BLM PROTEST
using my balls to get a laugh out of a mate which resulted in him being temporarily barred from government payments
accidentally giving my dog a brief handjob
using the first bottle I saw when getting out of the shower
airdropping my number in the school disco full of like 250 people to 60 people.
grilling without tying my hair back.
telling my close friends I'm single
giving myself a chemical burn on my crotch.
saying I’m proud to be white to my Hispanic friend
eating too much subway before giving my roommate a blowjob (NSFW?)
cosplaying for sex with my boyfriend
going for a run getting too excited at my friend’s wedding
going to trim my beard and hair
shaving off my sideburns
giving a pack of condoms to a friend
paying for a custom NSFW video
getting drunk and ranting online about how my friend isn't attracted to me
when I bought weed.
calling my boss to say that I will come back to work
touching my crush ass
posting a tasteless joke on tiktok
unknowingly getting a prison/hate tattoo across my chest.
sending a video to my teacher.
making people think I use sex toys on my cats
allowing a kid to look at pornagraphic images on my phone
buying cards from a potential drug dealer
for attacking the strongest players in a mobile game.
asking for vinegar
not helping a kid
realizing I’ve been squirting wrong my entire life
I feel guilty for doing this..
Micro finance
almost electrocuting myself
having to drive a date home in my own shit
pumping my breast milk while exhausted
forgetting I was attached to my computer
watching Borat Subsequent Moviefilm during lunchtime
I accidentally blew a kiss
going on a picnic.
nearly knocking myself out while sitting on the toilet
going furniture shopping alone
asking my ex if he wanted to get back together
swallowing gum
at school
volunteering to coach
taking a shit on a hike
babysitting a freaking brat!
dropping my keys down an elevator shaft
going on this sub
sleeping on the ground in a park
fingerraping the girl I liked at her birthday party
So my friend texted she liked me in French and I told her I understood what should I do?
not preventing a car accident
getting an Xbox one with Forza Horizon 4
and forgot to turn off my camera...
thinking the coke in the coke bottle was actually coke.
accidentally guessing "Larry King" in a word game where the prompt involved a deceased celebrity host
puking on my girlfriend in a restaurant
Can anybody advise?
Thinking It Was Cool To Do The I Want To Eat Your P***Y Sign
asking my dad what is a condom
Unintentionally Soliciting Pictures of Poop From My Students
thinking a girl had feelings for me
I have to move
claiming to be a pedo
when I offered my seat to a pregnant woman
undoing my fly way too far in advance at work
saying fuck you near a Starbucks barista
not properly washing my hands after handling a jalapeño and a poblano pepper.
ruining a threesome for my husband by trying to chug my "money's worth" of Vodka at the restaurant beforehand.
agreeing to start a drug empire.
fat shaming my new neighbor and getting a harassment notice from my landlord.
running so hard my dickhole started bleeding
when I got stopped by security after buying a pink vibrating pleasure stick.
leaving the room's door open which resulted in literal shit
using my girlfriend's "pussy soap"
for trying help my class
sending a highly disrespectful email to a Major in the military
miswriting my name and getting called an Idiot by my Law Teacher
cheating on my physics exam
spilling a whole tub of popcorn in the movie theatre
MC'ing a concert on ecstasy and mushrooms
slapping a girl’s ass in gym class
not cleaning my belly button for 15 years
not knowing enough about testicular torsions.
NSFW Is it gay to get your d sucked from a boy while being drunk?
taking a 1am bath
ordering two takeaways
crying in the cinema and bystanders believing my boyfriend was abusing me.
masturbating with the window open
taking a pot brownie at my best friend’s family holiday house
not realising the water I was using for all purposes for 7 days was SEWAGE (NSFW)
realizing that I don't have an onion immunity
today i slapped my best friend in anger and I feel like a shitty human ever since.
texting my gf dad
pirating the new Star Wars movie at work.
telling a boomer to go fuck herself
talking to a cute girl while doing laundry
being careless while grooming my balls, then bring careless in treating the result
training myself to hate watching tv
eating too many vitamins.
for living in a action movie
turning the bedroom into a protest
Get free Walmart gift card - $1000
leaving my camera on
wearing shorts and getting eaten by mosquitos.
downloading my own virus
Today I F*** Up By Watching Toy Story 4 (contains movie spoilers)
leaving my window open too far
taking my Math exam home
getting pranked by my dog..
applying sunscreen topless in front of my dad
getting the raincoat I had inherited from my grandfather stolen.
Getting help from friends in online exam
skipping school again, but because I was nic sick for a few minutes.
trying to walk a dog
accidentally making fun of my mother-in-law’s suicide to my wife’s face
selling my 1 GameStop stock before they blew up on the Stock Market.
Broke my engagement ring
pretending to know the girl who thought she knew me.
Today I fucked up by eating something to hot
wanting to have fun with my wife while I was in the bath
eatting ants
more like DAIFU by copying an answer...
giving myself a chemical burn in my throat.
NOT submitting my test papers
misusing the phrase TURN ON for years on end
I spent 6 hours looking for my AirPods
not changing the name that appears on my Gmail account
cleaning out my car.
getting my girlfriend an anniversary present and breaking it (just a lil bit)
getting my lady bits tidy for my SO while pregnant
trying not to fart for an entire week
barging into the bathroom to find my cousin fully nude while holding my boner
drinking with AirPods in
getting drunk last night, waking up in a stupor, pissing on myself (not the f-d up part), and eating a Taco Bell hot sauce packet.
not looking closely at a picture
I thought I was in labor and about to give birth in my dreams but I woke up to find I had shitted my bed
Stream my album for payment
Giving my step siblings my phone
eating cereal out of a bowl i ate noodles in and didnt wash
revealing my cock size to my family.
bewrifjn lol drunk anfd winning
picking up a friend after watching porn
taking my hearing aids out too early and mistaking the sound of a bat for a moth
agreeing to go tubing and getting surprise anal from lake water
my sister removing the ability to look at e-mails.
Telling a Rude Teacher to F Off
swallowing a piece of gum
putting the milk before the cereal in the bowl.
losing my virginity to a tinder hookup rolling the window down
Splitting up two bestfriends
taking a dump at the office and scaring the crap out of the cleaning staff.
not fucking.
purchasing Persona Dancing Collection for Christmas
not realizing i was allergic to pineapple
sleeping with my coworker
getting tazed by the cops
having the sexiest sex with my very sexy teacher with the big boobs that are in fact big, and did i mention that we had the sex.
missing my exam by a whole day
calling my dead grandfather ugly in front of my grandma.
ruining my grade in 2 of my classes MAJORLY in less than 7 hours
finding what I was looking for
my relationship by calling him Daddy.
not getting COVID19
compiling an "anonymus" survey from my University
showing my top less shelf to my BIL, and possible getting my parents banned from babysitting.
breaking down during one of my practice drives for drivers ed
trying to lie to XFX support and potentially losing a $250 graphics card because of that
getting wine and cheese on a flight
telling a not very close friend that sometimes my suicidal thoughts are so bad I think about killing my family first so they won't suffer for losing me and accidentally freaking the fuck out of her.
riding my bicycle, trusting what I read online, and getting “flap mash”
By getting too high at work
making a school meme page
can’t tell if my dinner was spicy because of chemotherapy or edibles 🥵🍫🥦🇨🇦😂
eating too many fibre one bars
Got too drunk
eating a huge bite of super hot salsa then later drinking a quart of eggnog.
going to live with a guy I obviously didn't know as well as I thought ...
my mom’s google meet mishap
wearing a g-string with leggings
almost choking on my eye at work
accedently saving my mom nudes
accidentally making an illegal Zambian street drug in my backyard...
forgetting to go back and flush the toilet
Discovering my Homeroom teacher’s
blending my fingerwhile talking to my kids in the car
talking about the meat man
dropping a ticking time bomb under my Christmas tree
tried to convey my appreciation to my amazing senior citizen grocery lady and ended up sneezing in her face instead... during a worldwide pandemic
leaving the dog outside after hiding Easter eggs
catastrophically failing at answering a phone call and confusing the hell out of the person on the other end before panic-hanging-up...all because of the silliest meme.
helping my best friend bust a nut in our chemistry teacher’s hand lotion
asserting my dominance.
lacking hygiene and common sense
trespassing into my College’s Business School
lightly tapping my dog with my foot
Shattering My Snow Globe Collection
getting shit all over my boyfriend
writing the wrong word in a Christmas card
probably exposing my asshole with a lil poo to my partner
Yeah news people don't have anything so they're now resorting to this.
offering a duck a cigarette
I WAS SCARRED FOR LIFE ON MY FIRST KISS! being an accidental racist to an intern at the company I manage...
forgetting the tooth fairy for my 6 year old
trying to sit on my ottoman
trusting tinder!!
watching Harry Potter and the philosophers stone
thinking it was Thanksgiving, and making all my plans for today, only to be told: "Uh that would be tomorrow."
a few years ago) by Telling a Drunk Man I Was an American
accidentally uploading a nude photo of my wife to Facebook Story
getting caught reading mother son incest by my mum
leaving a tampon in for potentially 5 days straight
trying to be a hero and save some hatched chicks nesting in my ceiling
treating my fiance's dick as a shake weight
washing fish hooks with my clothes
forgetting my university's $1000 video camera in a salvation army
Deleting Youtube Kids App
Gave Myself a Concussion Right Before Finals
accidentally calling my teacher a crazy woman during s major lesson
not cumming
being extorted into buying a full price weekend pass for only one night at an EDM festival
reorganizing my room
talking crap about korean celebrities in front of korean citizens.
I broke my 3+ year old phone and don’t know how to tell my mother
asking a coworker with MS if they needed an ambulance after I heard then speak.
complimenting my neighbor
These Necklaces will boost your confidence !
making a blind man spill coffee over himself and a person next to him
sending my mom flowers after she had to euthanize our cat.
making Redditors think a stream used aimbot and caused them to get hate
driving past a Dead Deer (while I was Horny)
having the saddest sex dream possible.
accidentally reminding my sister of her scumbag ex and the shitty thing he just did to her
showing my mother pictures of someone else’s d*ck
flirting with a “milf” coworker.
walking into a glass door.
accidentally rickrolling myself constantly.
accidentally unmuting myself on zoom and cussing out my teacher
sending a dic pic to my chemistry class
spitting with my mask on
playing smash or pass with my bf
leaving the bedroom door open
big time by mistaking a male friend for a female friend
washing my ass wrong
not having a salacious story.
showering with my gf
cleaning up after camping
opening the Snap Map
thinking I had period cramps.
calling former NFL quarterback Brock Osweiler retarded in front of my mom.
Going to the Gym
parking in-between two van-accessible parking spots
Today I fucked up by coming out to my (very religious) family using a meme. AMA.
PLEASE READ ALL - DESPERATE FOR HELP
watching the entire season of the Witcher BACKWARDS
sexing my wife
got drunk at a birthday party
trying to get lucky on Snapchat
working on my bike while drunk
wiping my laptop as a reward for its hardwork
TIFI In Church
applying body wash instead of lotion
reducing stress in an unlocked room
messing up 25 resumes.
pressing the silent panic button at work.
because I tried some spicy sauce in Uganda
throwing up on a guy, trying to hide it by throwing it off the bed, then asking him to be my boyfriend
Ruined my VR headset
opening up a strangers car door on accident and scaring a child.
Threw beyond wristband away😣
losing a $100 bill
realising I lost BOTH my daughter's and my husband
cried in front of teachers and got heated
for ignoring a pimple in my ear for weeks
using a fly swatter to cook eggs
incorrectly charging my phone
caught sexed gf dad
injuring my nose whilst showering too quickly
announcing my friend was named why she was because her dad cheated.
breaking my friend's iphone
doing prolonged dick training
giving my son gallium to play with.
getting careless while grooming my balls, and then by being careless in treating the result
How I (nearly) burnt through $25000 in 2ns today.
Accidentally Combining Two Sentences
using a vibrator as a buttplug when I have bowel problems
stabbing myself with a katana
throwing my granola bar wrappers in the wrong trash can
trying to make breakfast naked
going to bed to late
losing $500 for not paying attention to a street sign
FaceTime-ing my wife sexytime stuff.
trying to record myself deepthroating a banana and nearly dying
being lazy and leaving my magic wand out
not muting myself in class
questioning god around my religious parents
17M) by saying “I know you need a hug” instead of “I know you want a hug” to my ex (17F)
because I sent the wrong image to the wrong Whatsapp group
locking my cats in my room
making a joke about a kid and being on track to getting my boyfriend possibly disowned in the next few days.
working a year with a girl without realizing we’ve kissed years back in carnival
accidentally tearing my friend's ligament on her ankle
agreeing to let my ex (F21) drive me (M21) 8 hours home after a break up.
accidentally posting a nude to sc story using a zucchini
drinking a bottle of used needles
trying to take an embarassing picture during class.
inviting a stranger to come meet my breasts
letting my wife trim my son’s hair.
video chatting a girl
telling the world I’m gay when I’m not?
Making A Sandwich
destroying my mom’s bedroom window
licking a strange blue crystal
deciding to wear a cardigan sweater over my bikini
answering a call from an unknown number
Why bother calling this sub Today I Fucked Up
because I couldn't get it up
MY FIRST TIME USING A BIDDAY
Big Multiple Flight Fuck Up
I told my kids it's okay to curse.
wearing a sweater
accusing a man of being a sex worker.
sweating and ranting at my boss after talking on the phone, while unaware that he was still on the line...
Today I F’d up by asking my choir teacher what “sink of patience” ment
letting a stranger drive my Mustang.
almost electrocuting myself
11 years ago ( when i was 7 ) trying to kiss my aunty
angering a friend
'losing' nearly £2000
ruining a six year friendship over a typo
kissing one of my good female friends
Sending embarrassing degrading photos to a stranger
Gave Away Shit my Wife Was Selling
being myself when playing golf with my family
trying to find a yard sale and Instead finding out my favorite teacher is dead
missing English class on finals week.
farting just before my boyfriend and I did the deed
not having kinky sex
running into my girlfriend and her other boyfriend
causing the death of my Great Aunts dog
spraying hot sauce on a stranger's pants
getting stranded with a kitten miles from my apartment
squeezing a mango onto my asshole to be sexy
cleaning my work keyboard
thinking my WiFi was messed up.
hitting one of the nicest customers with a metal bar
having dae sexy sex horny tiam
Today I almost got blackmailed
jizzing right into my eye
followed reddit LPT resulting in cancer scare
asserting dominance by peeing on my cat
taking lingerie bridal shower too far
calling a guy “Thteven”
Having a wet dream, and regretting it later
cooking shrimps
calling my sister the hard R
for allowing someone to talk "good" about myself
taking an emergency nature poo
biting my girlfriend’s vagina with full force of my jaw
using high potent Capzasin as body lotion
pocket dialing
pushing myself too far in hot weather
leaving work early
oh god
I made a huge mess.
laughing when my 9 month old bit me
trying to help my malnourished cat.
Tofu by bringing my 13 year old brother with me to the mall
farting really loud in school video call
giving my friend a birthday present.
when pranking the local Mexican restaurant worked a little too well
not letting my crush know how I feel about her because I think I can't trust her and she can't keep quiet of it
but not sure if I totally FU'd
nearly destroying my laptop's system
sleeping with my distant cousin.
excitedly telling a girl that her bf was dumping her.
having sex with a client and getting caught &amp; fired.
i sendt an email as a joke i fucked up
almost burning my place down
almost killing my sweet grandmother
writing a scenario about my friend getting pregnant
triggering myself
walking straight into a slider door
The Window
at the doctors rating my cock
giving myself all symtoms of corona but one.
I accidentally cracked my new friend's phone screen
sending my dad the wrong text
watching Grease on Valentine’s Day with my girlfriend and we both got to watch systemic sexism to express our love
throwing candy at a girl
posting something on an anonymous posting app "chaterpillar" about my personal life and a friend who also uses it got hold of my situation.
doing a nude photoshoot for my postman
sending an inappropriate picture and email exchange to my FWB
threatening to give someone an orgasm
calling a customers child a dog
wearing my new Christmas boxer shorts my mum bought me.
My friends saw cosplay on my recommendations and thought it's hentai
trying to buy a game from redbox
calling my manager a "fucking bitch".
sending my first drunk text to a guy (new to dating at nearly 40)
accidentally spilling my medication while my dog was in the room
spreading the word
calling my wife “mom” during sex.
having a steamy shower with my girlfriend
having a threesome with someone I met in a Lyft pool
picking up a work shift
making my gf past out during sex
bitching about my boss to my teammate on Skype, while we were all in a team meeting on zoom and his screen was being presented
reading my adopted 4 year old a book about adoption; she now thinks she is being adopted to a new family.
losing all my GCSE work
Flossing my tooth and shifted whole tooth
taking up crocheting as a hobby
Today I fucked up by biking
paying for a meal in a drive-thru and driving away without my food
handling my friends coming out badly
Biting a Fork
getting high on my adhd medication by mistake
watching an annular eclipse and getting a heatstroke.
going to a wedding dressed for a funeral.
When I read the Bible
leaving a dirty diaper in my son's crib
I fucked up while running
having sex with my girlfriend
shitting on my boyfriend’s floor
Answering a Video Call Naked
trying to do a flip
missing out on my dream job
playing porn in school
not respecting the dangers of yoga, eucalyptus oil, and quaker oats. All in the same night. And in that order.
In a stupid and potentially dangerous way. Thankfully I'm ok
telling an edgy joke
watching Good Boys on an airplane and almost causing an emergency landing
Didnt read a letter four months ago so now im down 30$
calling a black classmate a black sheep
and threw rocks at a woman’s car windshield and got the police called and school sued
dancing like a idiot on teams and not knowing my cam was on
actually giving a shit about a man I look up to dying
giving my old job a 1/5 stars
thinking a couple was trying to have a swingers party with me and my mom.
unknowingly bulldozing a wetlands
breaking 2 phones in 1 day.
Why
cutting my penis
deleting an entire database
learning the splits
being myself in a final job interview
waking my roommate up with porn on his bluetooth speaker
saying sploosh in front of my friends mom and family
drinking four litres of of laxatives
moaning my ex’s name during sex with my boyfriend
watching the best series out now. Utopia on Amazon prime. And I want more!!
Destroyed 3 homes and ate 3 pigs with my friends for fun.
telling my family about a guy I wanted to hook up with
buy pouring water on my laptop on purpose.
Reddit during orchestra
talking shit in class without realizing my mic was on
Made my mom laugh too hard she broke her collarbone
texting to some kind of bullshit Baba Wanga service
becoming a strawberry
not brushing the back of my teeth for years and getting gingivitis
By calling the one legged girl I'm intrested in a pirate
getting stuck at an airport for 7 days
drinking orange juice
asking for AirPods Pro for my birthday
selling my soul
making an instragam story post
wearing Half Pant (Bermuda) and waging war on a hive of wasps
putting a microwave burrito with the foil still on it in the microwave....
discovering how to pass out on command
forgetting me iPhone passcode and getting locked out, then restarting my phone which disconnected from the WiFi and causing me to not be able to remotely unlock it.
chewing
Ignoring the phone
typing too quickly
flirting with everyone.
accidentally bringing a bottle of urine through TSA
getting crazy with a swing
putting my phone on silent...
ruining a gender reveal mistaking my cat's hair for a spider
being too into routine and scrolling on my damn phone.
making a Hindu child commit sacrilege.
referring to Jesus as a "well-hydrated zombie"
what does mean
telling my son to look up porn
eating at Long John Silver's
coughing whilst wearing bread
losing 2 million dollars profit
Leaving my dildo in the sink.
attempting to update my mac's OS without having a proper time machine backup.
calling my punctual tutor late at night in panic
letting a semi truck roll backwards down a mountain with my trainer in it?
by catfishing my cousin
Self-esteem makes me lose a once in a lifetime opportunity
recording a lecture on zoom but not realizing until now that they send a notification to every single person when youre recording.
breaking into my school and being stuck.
fucking a coconut
draining water with my shoelaces in it
checking the security camera I had in my son’s car.
killing my vision with Clorox wipes
having a period leak ON an attractive stranger
accidentally supergluing my hand to my vibrator
forgetting my cake day for a third year consecutively
Met my boyfriend’s mother while i was hiding on her balcony
Submitting my school work to the wrong person
The Iceberg Exercise
Asking my Husband to Stop Breathing
A mild *uck up but still unfortunate
getting hypothermia during shower sex
sending my fiancé a nude.
hurting my arm by trying to save my phone
Saying We Could Host Thanksgiving
sending a girl, a meme biology question paper
pulling on my eyelashes while tripping on acid
Consequences of shaving the nethers
losing all of my friends
posting a meme of my fantasy needs and being called a spoilt brat...
walking out into the forest and experiencing 6 hours of hell AMA
masturbating and breaking a tooth
walking behind the counter at CVS
using a bannana to jack off
not telling my girlfriend how to give a blowjob
invading a stranger’s car without realizing it
Verkaufe #fussbilder und getragene #socken 🔥🦶🏻schreibt mir gerne eure wünsche #fussfetisch
Beware of Maple Syrup Joggers
making my mother very disappointed over a song many years later.
Being Republican on reddit.
realising using scissors to cut hair down there (male) is really NOT a good idea :(
Gawking
didn't go to my exam cuz i am sick and i can't pass it now
fish
convincing my roommate that someone had broken into our house
showing up at my crushes house when she told me not to
locking my keys in the manager's office, breaking a vent to get in and hoping my boss doesn't check the cameras.
telling my son to let the dog have a taste of his popsicle.
thinking I could eat fast food twice in a day
Never using google meet in the bathroom again, might even sue google
pooping before checking for toilet paper in my new hotel room.
not watching where I'm going and literally falling over an old lady.
drinking my first 5 hour energy on an empty stomach before a job interview.
listening to rslash in the shower
flooding my apartment kitchen
realizing I’ve been drinking mold for the past few months.
farting in a stranger s face
my parents discovering my most interesting sex toys
forgetting that my body needs nutrients
letting my brother near my best friend
I think I caught feelings for someone I shouldn't.
buying a gift below the "dollar minimum" for Secret Santa
not standing up for black people
Taking My Cousins Xbox Original Without Asking His Parents
NSFW] by keeping it in my pants
losing my brother’s earphones
running on damp grass
leaving my laptop cord on the ground
ugh
driving to the supermarket to help my Mum but forgetting to bring a facemask - They are mandatory here.
misinterpreting my therapist’s metaphor and making him think I’m suicidal
Caught the clap on Thanksgiving
snapping my dick during sex...on you guessed it, New Year's Eve 2020
Accidentally followed an ex of an ex.... from a decade ago
ordering a cab from the airport
crashing into a parked car while the driver was inside
trying to log into my boyfriend's facebook account
flirting with a woman at least 6 years older than me
i didn't respond to my dad's text
Made a joke and it turned into a trump 2020 debate
for almost injuring myself at the sight of a spider
trying to buy sex toys from Amazon
taking a bath
my own memories) after watching Castle Rock from Stephen King
drinking too much pure whiskey
getting a Disney plus subscription
I accidentally touched my teacher’s butt
taking my nervous dog a road trip and possibly ruining my car
opening the window
leaving a bucket of stain covered rags over night and almost burning down our very first home. (Pic in body)
saying gloryhole at a work meeting
2nd vaccine dose goofup
talking about true crime
letting my date know I stalked him
getting a real life mushroom stamp while taking a dump
dropping out of college to take care of my mental health
TIFI by sneezing at the wrong time, in the wrong place.
https://youtu.be/9lfI63eO_zQ
IFU by taking my family on a walk.
trying on clothes
accidentally adding salt to a breakup.
not checking my Zoom name
locking a milipede in the bathroom.
proposing to my girlfriend
mixing tylenol 3 and weed
trying to quench my thirst
asking my cousin when she was planning on having her wedding
withdrawing my application for a remote job
getting tissue stuck in a brand new rotating acrylic standee
Zoom Bombing My Mom
not draining the oil pan
I told my dead grandma I'm agnostic and now she doesn't email me anymore.....
for trying to explain to my boss that the earth is not flat
putting my penis to use and then subjecting it to an icy torment
accidentally putting the wrong amount on a coupon.
inviting in a sleep paralysis demon instead of just getting up
ignoring the 3rd text in so used to seeing from my mom.
tify by cooking risotto
farting on a conference call thinking I’d get away with it but not realising your camera becomes the focus when the mic is activated.
fighting my cousin and putting him in the hospital
using my girlfriend's new cucumber shower gel to was my asshole.
having a friend read my shirt
leaving my bra on my bed
buy using a can of cinnamon as a rolling pin
Test
not reading or even having a copy of the course syllabus.
commenting #fakenews on someone's selfie
arranging to buy weed edibles not knowing my parents would be back at 8pm.
I feel like I FOUND MY COMMUNITY HERE! 😭😂🙈😝:’)
missing my final exam
playing porn over my car radio
evacuating my office building with my... loud stink bombs
farting myself awake on a crowded train
accidentally sending emails about my teacher’s hair to him
mailing myself a giant dildo when I live on the same street and have a similar name as my uncle
posting a selfie to a fetish sub thinking it was mixed girls gassing eachother up.
becoming an ouroboros and becoming my own bathroom
sexy sex boob cock sex cum sex sex hot sex!!!1!!1
vomiting when my friend accidentally sent me a non-sexual photo of her vagina
falling into a river after walking on some rocks to avoid the mud.
opening the NSFW post on Reddit.
underestimating my strength in a high school bathroom
drinking a dairy latte
sending the police to a boy’s house at 1am thinking I was saving his life.
sleep drinking a pack of redbull.
burning some of the marbel countertop in my dad's house.
eating too much meat loaf
going to the toilet immediately after chopping chillis
getting high and swimming in a lake with a colleague while being in a relationship
using really nice handwriting for once.
revealing to my grandma that my whole family makes fun of her on Marco Polo
please fucking help i dont know what to do and i cant find a subreddit for advice because i fucked up
Almost hit a teacher with a pencil
flashbanging (minus the banging) myself
letting the cat in the bathroom while I emptied my menstrual cup
at work by shipping the wrong casket immediately after i just got a raise.. for a client that i always mess up with.
my bluetooth speaker playing hardcore porn for my underaged kids to hear
eating soup at the laptop
accidentally posting my dick on discord
thinking in one language and saying it out loud with another
turning on the hose in the winter
sending a weird inside out joke on Okcupid
Getting Cum in My Eye
neglecting to use the restroom before going to bed- and then drinking a LOT of water right before sleeping.
trying to cut out a DisplayPort cable instead of undoing all the cable ties to get it out
missing my calculus final
sending my roommate nudes instead of my fiancé
ruining vacation plans
giving a year 7 student implicit permission to call people Dickheads.
being becoming paranoid after googling myself and wiping my main reddit account
I forgot about Fathers Day...
hurting myself at work and smoking CBD cigarettes
cancelling a therapy appointment
I told my manager I had adderall in my system before a random drug tes
calling my sister the prostitution master instead of calling her the procrastination master
coming on my wife
almost making my classmate sterile
throwing up, twice.
running around as Hitler in my german workplace
telling my boyfriend about The Game
catching my biggest bass fish and ending up in the ER to celebrate.
turning a teenager into a gangster and getting detained for child abuse.
being too obsessed with my phones
not realizing the phones at my new job record everything
dressing up as Steve Erkle for show and tell
not cleaning well enough before a date
when I sent a nude to a local fwb that connected me to my Reddit porn account
Getting Into the Exact Same Accident 2X
missing my medical school interview :(
actually sticking to lockdown rules
mowing over pipes on the sewage mound
picking up a call from my mom.
thinking I am somewhat in shape
taking too many nicotine pouches
going on a hunting trip.
Bogarting Some Free Postage
eating 2 pounds of cheese
underestimating my food allergy.
calling my girlfriend by an anime girl’s name during sex
I messed up by not wearing a condom 5 years ago and now I'm being blackmailed by my ex.
loosing my glasses
not closing the trash can lid and accidentally giving my dog a “tasty” treat
Trying To Keep My Family Safe, Which Nearly Killed My Whole Family
punching my SO in MY sleep.
trying to be nice to my roommate
almost getting electrocuted.
destroying my guitar jack-hole.
making medible caramels after a tolerance break and getting myself totally wrecked
telling my gf what shmegema is
eating watermelon
not starting my career sooner
sticking my finger in what I thought was a brownie but it was poop
ranting about Avatar: The Last Airbender on a Zoom call during my math class at Uni
Sex Sex Eexy S3x on face and walls everywhere help stop it from cumming
sending nudes accidentaly
finding photos on my Sister in law's laptop whilst trying to fix it
implying to my music teacher that I had emotional trauma related to the song “Take on Me”
blowing my fuse on my daughters zoom class.
ruining a perfect first date by slapping guy i was dating on the face, hard
By keeping a promise.
buying a whiteboard and having a carbon monoxide leak
injuring myself with a bottle of hair conditioner
not paying attention to my speed
sending a woman I just sold a bed to, the definition of the Portuguese breakfast
disturbing asbestos
forgetting about a dildo in the bathroom
By not knowing what WAP stood for
saying a lady bro every time i met her...
I used app to see what I would look like as a female...
well shit. Fml
losing 50$
Petition to change title of the group to IFU
Agreeing to Eat at East Coast Grill's Hell Night
being who I am and whom I’ve strived to overcome.
sterilizing my masks
Using My Fabric Markers On Paper
asking my girlfriend how much weight she gained
questioning why you would want to cross-dress your character in a game eating an avocado
asking if I can take weed gummies, while from anesthesia after a surgery and I barely remember doing it.
making jokes about one of my friends being in emergency surgery and not realizing
r/I was in the wrong class
For debating in Reddit's comment section
I think I need some help.
accidentally sending my bosses wife a text meant for my drug dealer?
flashing my parents
participating in a hacktivism campaign
when I played a trump video out loud in class not once but 3 times.
not understanding German
trying to use Tinder to make some friends
listening to my wife's sex dream while eating breakfast
I just farted in front of my SO, lit a match to mask the smell, it broke and I caught my couch on fire. Am I going to Hell?
Tinder is on my Apple TV
using some really dark humour
muting the boss of my department in a call with over 120 participants...
banned from online school for a week by Sending a Rolling Stones picture and Carl Wheezer nudes to my Class Goup
sleepily buying $99.00 in-app purchase for a dumb mobile game
hairstylist edition.
shoving my phone in my purse and calling the police
adding to my cats brain damage
playing guitar for someone’s recording homework
almost getting ten years in prison and making an entire family homeless
eating too much.
I didnt take into account the level of panic out there.
mentioning my partner's ex should get his own Netflix account
locking the door of my apartment and leaving the key inside. (NSFW)
swimming for 30 minutes with my wallet in my pocket
sending completely wrong link to someone else.Get healthy teeth and get rid of tooth decay
going 98mph in a 60
stealing a rare fungus from a British collector
not checking LinkedIn privacy settings
asking the front desk of a Vietnamese hotel where I could find some “birds”...or so I thought.
following instructions too literally
not realizing you have to clean a front load washer
not waiting until my new insurance kicked in to get iron infusions and almost dying without pants on
when I realized that I accidentally made out with my mother at a Halloween Party
installing a bidet in my mothers bathroom.
hiking trip provided new sensations.
We live in Iran
asking a blind kid if he liked the way his violin looked after I modified it for him.
accidentally implying I was a pedophile...
letting my dog into the bathroom
pooing all over myself and my pug.
as i taught my 2 year old cousin 'fuck'
not bringing my keys
going to get my dick waxed
having my friend swallowed a diamond ring
adding water to my fryer oil accidentally
In a job interview I claimed I could juggle
Why is there so much erotica in this sub?
overdosing on espresso.
getting out of my car
trying to stop a bully
burning the carpet and the kitchen floor in getting rid of a spell
pooping on someone's hand
making 2 words have the same sense in my mind
thinking that I(23f) have a prostate
trying to turn on my Apple Cube.
talking to a girl.
in an important test
telling my coworker my computer randomly died
writing my horny jail thoughts down
ballet is hard.
showing my dick to everyone at a family gathering and breaking my back
not listening to my wife and trusting Google Maps
being a dumb 14 year old
Literally just got denied by the girl I liked and I thought she liked me.
when I sat on the toilet half asleep only to find out my friend didn’t wipe his piss off my toilet seat
getting the wrong type of pokemon cards
feeding moldy bagels to guests at a 5 star luxury resort
driving onto a helicopter pad
taking my dog to the vet
not cleaning my dick for 17 years
adding nitromethane to my motorcycle's fuel.
trying to kiss my freshly new director
having sex after an asthma attack
setting an alarm...on my calculator
trying to post a link to a BDSM quiz on reddit, but accidentally posting my quiz results instead
trying to act 'natural' in front of a cop
being a messy procrastinator
when I tried to cut my own lockdown hair with an electric hair clipper... now I have a small runway on the right side of my hair
almost shooting my sister (accidentally ofc)
leaving a plastic container of biscottis in the oven.
accidentally sending my teacher porn instead of WORK
with my job application
realising I hadn't been using my graphics card for over two years.
playing with my phone at the dinner table.
drinking hot dog backwash from my daughter
messing with an angry snake
lying at a background investigation preliminary interview
Today I fucked up by going to the store to buy food for my parents
thinking that graphite wasn't conductive.
being the subject of a misunderstanding almost completely out of my control, which despite dubious wording in the title resulted in no negative consequences for anyone involved
damaging my new computer for the second time
giving my 12 month old my phone and not looking what she was doing
conning a homeless charity out of a free shed.
smelling something that may or may have been made of lead
forgetting to reload the toilet paper
talking so much that scared away my first date in months
not realizing you take prenatal vitamins before AND during pregnancy
with my sister coming in my room while beating my meat
not being prepared to walk my dog.
Broke printer owned by charity foundation
buying a R.A.T on the dark web
trying to reset the modem at work.
I accidentally unmatched someone on Tinder
ordering a futon cover to the wrong place and accidentally exposing my kinks to support. NSFW
ramming into a pole and needing stiches
almost fainting before a TOEFL test
when I put cumin in my coffee instead of cinnamon.
getting stuck in my couch
napping around my dog
trusting a big guy
watching porn like a maniac, ending up with having to factory reset my phone.
saying my grandma didn’t like my sisters friend, while my sister was on the phone with said friend.
eating a walnut.
eating too much spicy food.
calling the cops on my dogs
Gave an old friend a ride and broke both arms
pooping at my girlfriend's house.
smelling a candle
mixing up two different powders.
reading today.
letting bear spray off in my car
calling my dick holster a gun holster
telling my bald wife that I don’t find bald women attractive
beating too hard
Today I fucked up big time
leaving a bright pink dildo &amp; “Time to play dirty!” coupon out on my bed
taking to many pain killers and couldn’t feel pain.
blacking out
Well my husband and I have a shared relationship fetish....
smashing a wasp nest
forgetting to put on my mask at the grocery store.
answering a phone call from my dermatologist.
quitting my first job without any notice
last night by forgetting my ID while high
listening to reddit's advice smh
giving my friend the D.
tasting one of my co-worker’s wee
biting off tastebuds with my teeth
forgetting to do laundry
Ruining a romantic night
using my arm as a pillow.
Believed in my father-in-law and posted an aww-photo that tuned out to be not his...
accidentally asking for nudes NSFW
I accidentally stumbled upon a gif of my hot sister-in-law showing her boobs and I saved it.
drinking an open water bottle, freaking out because I thought it was bleach and that I was gonna die, realized it was watered down hydrogen peroxide, and then profusely vomited.
Today I fucked up, by being a nice person...
reading my work schedule wrong and missing my shift.
convincing myself I have brain cancer
cheating on a geography exam in 5th grade without knowing I was cheating.
donating blood, urinating in front of everyone in the mall, and ending up in the ER
leaving my dildo in the bathroom sink
By poisoning a customer
leaving Facebook open on my laptop during a class presentation
needing to use the bathroom before takeoff, causing a delay and having the whole plane hate me
letting my puppy stay home alone well I was at work.
mixing liquor and punch to get my friend drunk at a party
Scavenging through my mother's closet.
assuming someone still had feelings for me.
offering to help a coworker which led to her getting offended
ruining a sleeping bag
becoming an accidental WFH pervert
being young and gay
walking outside my workplace for some fresh air
attempting to make lavender honey tea
coming out to my partner
a fishbone
having a panic attack while sick
NoNut November
accidentally leaving the oven hob on.
kicking a sea urchin.
purchasing a MALE MASTURBATOR with my Mum's account
sending a news article to the group chat
I slept with my friend’s boyfriend.
trusting my wife, who just sent a coworker a lewd message on Valentine's day...right after I was diagnosed with cancer. :(
embarrassing myself in front of the members of 3 football clubs (&amp; their parents)
I made a small scratch on my SCHOOL CROMEBOOK
taking the wrong course for an ENTIRE SEMESTER
ny locking my mom in the balcony.
knocking my friend’s tooth out
blaming my fart on the cat
forgetting my dads 57th birthday
electrocuting my dong by peeing in the sink
telling a very inappropriate joke at work
trying to find simp memes for No Simp September and ended up in r/simps
deleting my university assignment. It was a group project.
and now it’s raining.... inside 🤦🏻‍♀️
lighting a candle
playing loud music at midnight in my grandparents house
falling asleep during my zoom meeting.
starting a fire while house sitting.
getting high
waking up in a pool of "blood"
telling a job recruiter I would kill dogs
having sex with my Dominant Girlfriend
opening my balcony door
sleeping
asking for soy sauce
having a bad signal phone, or not
letting my GF 'train' me sexually
realising that I have wasted 5 years of aim training exposing my sexual desires to my locum agent.
pissing in the middle of my aunts driveway.
doing math wrong
accidentally breaking my grandfather's hand
buying kimchi at my local grocery store
correcting someones incorrect statement in a political thread
presenting myself as a prostitute
video calling a co-worker while I was naked as F
not checking my bank account after staying at a hotel
exploding a dead mouse in the microwave
almost dropping my Mom's thong in front of my 3rd grade class.
not realizing the girl I loved may have loved me too
getting the worst case of blueballs and realizing I accidentally took a vow of celibacy
getting owned by James Blunt
nearly accidently castrating my Fiancé
Today I f**ed up bad.
running out of toilet paper.
paying a homeless man to break my car window and then became his personal driver
"accidentally" turning off the sprinkler for a week during the hottest days of summer so far.
scratching my belly button and sniffing my hands afterwards on a work video call
Trying to fix my Grandma’s Toilet
walking a stranger's ill dog when I was also ill
having sex in a 'public' place
manscaping with a new product - do not recommend!
rubbing cat p*ss all over my face
being self-deprecating in my new role
TIFY by draining my laptop battery
for not filming the most trusting moment I had in my life
accidentally telling me new coworker of one week I have a tilted uterus
shot a dudes dick with an airsoft gun
having sex on my period
accidentally changing my profile picture on an online dating app
not asking my little brother if he muted himself during a YT stream...
making my class think I’m a school shooter
parent supervision SUCKS
giving my fb password to my girlfriend 😩
failing an exam in a class I didn’t have to take
insinuating that my former college (female) should hire strippers
getting extremely drunk and giving my wallet to a stranger at a party
questioning Alicia Keyes' choice of the Moonlight Sonata for the Kobe Bryant memorial.
moaning the name of my buddy instead of my girlfriend while getting a blowjob.
accidentally flirting with a boy
using body wash instead of lotion to jerk off
telling my best friend I like her and destroyed our friendship and her relationship.
asking a stranger their dick size NSFW
thinking this sub reddit's rules apply to everyone
smacking away a mosquito
hurting my left nut while jerking off
telly my gf that she is not my type
taking my shit home as a souvenir
by getting more squares checked off parenting bingo
unknowingly assisting my best friend in taking his own life.
not considering what &lt;3 means
wearing the wrong bra
getting locked in my school
accidentaly giving myself an squirting orgasm and peing uncontrollably on the kitchen floor
Help phone dropped in pool (second time)*my life is on the line*
telling an idiotic story at my friend's funeral
Does anyone remember the guy who did the 6 hour amphetamines jerk?
petting my family friends dog
I used a Gold instead of a silver
getting banned
sending a snap of my bubble bath and candle intended for my girlfriends to my family group snap about living with my boyfriend for a week.
changing my period pads during class and accidentally showing my ass.
force feeding myself and throwing up at my crushes house
electrocuting my genitals
when I sent a XXX text to my sister on accident
drinking a coffee with my sugar free chocolate and almost dying!
accidentally blasted my father
Please help
Sending Weight Loss Progress Pictures to a Random Email
Handing in my English Essay at 2am
threatening to withhold rent for a pest problem, and lost my room
(Somewhat NSFW)  using nair while severely intoxicated
All I can say is, I was stupid.
Sticky situation with a girl
telling a sick man he is lucky to have cancer
I messed up my whole life now I’m just waiting for my girl to come back
thinking the mods could take criticism
shaking the hand of my neighbours brother the day after he saw my erection.
I found out I'm allergic to fuzzy itchy kiwi
I formatted a hard drive containing videos of all my fond memories for the past 2 years
saying my stupid thoughts loudly in front of the class.
my stumbling into class 40 mins late
holding my breath
leaving a sweat mark on my chair in front of my crush:( SAD story under
jerking off to my crush in zoom class (OC)
pissing off my sister.
having morning period sex at my (future) in-laws house
not accepting my crush's nudes
Broke my arm while dancing in the shower
making the most obnoxious face at a stranger
doing shrooms for the first time
causing a short circuit in my entire school
showing my wife a charcuterie spread, she ends up with a loose front tooth
Online School is great isn’t it?
telling his girlfriend we’d slept together.
I accidentally ate the HR managers lunch.
overestimating the all terrain capabilities of my flip-flops after some rainy weather
snooping on my teenage son's phone.
misinterpreting moans and slaps
using a coffee mug with the C word on it in a company Teams meeting
TOFU by possibly breaking my husbands foot
rubbing A535 (or Icy Hot) on my stuff.
TLDR:  using an object not intended for its purpose. I'm at the ER now and am waiting for surgery.
my friends saw cosplay on my recommendations but my friends misunderstood it for hentai
quoting a pornstar on my midterm
sharing my favourite hardcore erotica with my history teacher
I sent my mom nudes on accident. That were supposed to go to a client. And she has no idea I’m an adult cam model.
saying the n-word in 4th grade
because I got high and someone died
Always embellish the truth.
Snapchatting a Transphestite that proceeded to try and blackmail me.
ripping ass seconds before our company executives walked in to meet the employees of the office I work in.
hitting another students car and leaving the scene.
admitting my Scalping Side job to my state subreddit.
not directly asking someone to prom
I Left my skyLight window open whilst there was a storm
pulling the stove in my kitchen and getting a burn mark
beating up a kid that said “Minecraft bad”
using a multimeter
formatting the wrong hard drive
bumrushing a guy that I like with kisses and more
crying on my new girlfriend’s shoulder about my ex. High.
making a blowjob joke in my Physics class
leaving my bra at my boyfriend’s place
using my dads Ipad
having diarrhea in my girlfriends newly installed toilet seat.
confessing with my sister
dropping a sample box into the bottom of the cryogenic vessel
Saying the Wrong Name
taking a dump while ordering food
I video called my site lead accidentally... yeah I should just quit
doing acid instead of going out with my friends
overdoing it with an edible
sent a valentines card
ruining sexy time.
my boss ate my weed cookie
sending an odd photo of myself to my grandpa.
Someone hating on my morals
accidentally saying “I love you” to my friend (which is a boy) near my professor
missing Tinder match's clear invitation to make a move and made it awkward during damage control.
trusting my little brother with my diamonds
Cổng xếp inox 304, cổng xếp nhôm hợp kim, cửa xếp tự động- 0913183440
thinking I had sleep paralysis and punching my mother in the face.
getting my class to stop using Google Classroom
spending 2000 dollars on a flight home
ruining my mom's favorite sweets
inviting my professors daughter to a party
microwaving my unit mates phone
accidentally being racist to a cafe worker while making a joke to my girlfriend.
and lost my job.
walked in on my son masterbating to an artificial vagina using VR goggles
Today I fuckd up by trying to call my sister.
possibly ruining my gf's family's upcoming Christmas party
Went to Starbucks for a drink
catching my falling cactus
Brewed a Shitty Homemade Mocha
acting like a 'blonde' in a horror movie
researching about frogs
accidentally turning my cat into a fiend.
forgetting today was April Fool's Day.
sneezing at a meeting as I'm sick with the flu
accidentally passing back car of funeral possession
getting recorded masturbating with random girl from Philippines who proceeded to blackmail me for 5,000 dollars and sending the video to all my friends and family
being a moron and spewing soda all over myself and the house.
making a username for reddit and not checking my spelling.
telling my chamber music coach she has huge tits
Eating 711 Ghost Pepper Jumbo Peanuts on an empty stomach
trying to spice up my bedroom life
doing 100 squats at once after not exercising at all for a year
listening (okay singing along to) Karaoke versions of Frozen 2 on our work YouTube account.
saying Jesus Christ at the dinner table. I've ruined my life actually.
calling the suicide hotline. (TW: Suicidal thoughts and abuse)
my one item dinner
forgetting to put gas in my car...
I drank on an empty stomach and this happened
reading the post chain about bob ross to my girlfriends uncle
I gave myself a hickey at the worst possible moment.
Blacked out outside my apartment building and shat my pants
when my boss’ assistant found my husband’s porn stash that I’d unknowingly let him store on my work USB
cursing in an ongoing class with mic on
throwing my VR Headset
telling people when the Six Flags opens
almost missing the school bus
letting my fiancé nap near me
accidentally airdropping shitty memes to my teacher.
being arrested.
drinking too much with the guy I like
commenting on the size of a pair of shorts at a Big and Tall store.
trying to grab my Great Dane puppy before he puked on the carpet
slapping my girlfriend’s mom’s ass
Today I fucked up by trying to become Sapphire from Steven Universe
getting lots of fake internet points and losing them all instantly
following a pride fall account as a meme
yeeting my daughter and I down stairs
Shitting in the Shower
buying and eating a vegetarian hotdog.
getting lilies for my SO for valentine's with a kitten in the house.
brewing a cup of cockroach poo coffee
getting permanently barred from entering Auschwitz
throwing sweet tea at my husband
Alarm Titles
By Using A Big Note In A Condom Vending Machine
I got threatened by the mafia
bringing a competitive chess board set to the airport.
ignoring symptoms of an infection
kicking a bottle of juice across the floor just as our new landlord arrived
making it look like i’m double timing my physics teacher
Point of no return
appearing like a lecherous ass in front of my close friends.
shitting in the school toilet
Almost kissing my sister
getting trapped in a lift I shouldn't have been in
not closing down porn on my phone
turning on my camera during a school meeting
getting a condom stuck in my ex girlfriends ass
missing my chance
Bathroom buds
Bird got covered in oil
not washing my hands well enough after cutting jalapeños.
blowing someone else's vomit over a car.
not hooking myself to the auto belay before rock climbing
asking my friends if water polo isn’t really tiresome for the horses.
referring to my “DNR” instead of my “NDA” on a work call and just realizing it five minutes ago.
when I barged in the room during my wife’s Zoom business meeting while singing the lyrics from “Reptar on Ice”.
accepting help from my mom (NSFW)
questioning my head designer about the project we were working on
Didn’t know what the subreddit “eyebelch” was...
making someone think I was breaking into their house
wasting 50 dollars not letting my car hear up and crashing it.
Calling The Firefighters Out To A House That Wasn’t On Fire.
Titfu by calling me mum middle aged
watching porn the moment my fiancé walked out the door for work.
after kissing a board memeber who is the ex of another board memeber.
injuring my vag
shitting for too long and breaking my foot.
buying a dog toy
paying my wife for sex
giving myself a Wet-Willy
Wrong person
eating soup with a fork
pussing in a girls bed
never being able to taste sourness again.
casting porn to my neighbor's roku
forgetting the very basic principals of electricity.
attempting to drink a gallon of water in one day
laying in bed with my dog
parking at the beach after 10pm.
trying to relax after work by watching Futurama..
using a bath bomb
r/ assuming someone was taking a picture of me
being reckless in my bengay placement decisions
breaking my leg.... like really bad
holding a big knife to my throat.
sending porn included recording .....
emailing my math quiz to the entire class
How do I respond to an asshole?
almost setting the house on fire
posting my opinions against body acceptance.
putting soy sauce in my pockets
forgetting beetroot
introducing myself to my crush in a British accent
LPT:  getting the COVID-19 Vaccine
planning a vacation starting the day before my job starts
giving my dog unintentionally the best damn day of his life
add me on Kik: lounastoly eating an entire bag of espresso beans
Christmas
sending my bf a dirty text while his mom was in the car (mild story)
making Mint Juleps with $ Bourbon and *salt*
offering to glaze my gf's goggles
Today I peed on my phone.
not cleaning my toes
for losing my virginity and immediately getting caught
telling my dad I was going to watch a porno
accidentally April Fooling myself
I forgot a really important assignment
ripping a mean one at work
losing my car keys
pouring paper pulp down my bathroom sink
telling a Garlic joke during sex.
putting change in a guys coffee cups because I thought he was a hobo.
teaching my puppy a new trick
and left spider under glass in living room
almost suffocating my girlfriend
trying to scare my sister (slightly NSFW)
THIS IS THE GREATEST MUSIC EVER
spiking my transparent plastic glasses on the pavement while running
posting a pic that is being shared. A lot.
wearing underwear on my face at Wal-Mart
trying to get back at a friend...
Being a Terrible Driver A Few Weeks Ago
making my sister rickroll her teacher
accidently telling my GF she was not my soulmate
using Bengay for my neck pain
misinterpreting "leave the toilet seat down for women"
I fucked up putting Old Spice deodorant on my balls and now it’s itchy as fuck!
farting super loud and waking up my wife
scratching my eyeball while cutting my hair the same day that I had to make a statement to my school’s board of education addressing a racist picture &amp; Black Lives Matter protest at my school
deleting nearly all of our family photos
forgetting a subreddit's name
I almost lost my relationship to my mom
drawing a "cool symbol" in class
asking a builder if he’d like to fist me?
Destroying my shoulder in an office chair race, and I couldn’t get my surgery until June because Covid-19
choosing to go for a woodland hike during a wind storm
stranding myself in the city on a delivery job
asking if my oh's grandparents were nazis.
hot-boxing my college dorm with helium
buying a car with heated seats that burnt my ass (and pelvic bone). I have to lay on my stomach for 3 months and will miss Xmas and NYE stuff. NSFW (pics of burn)
walking topless and getting catcalled by an old creepy dude in a car
not stopping when I was in pain
finally getting in with the cool kids and shitting my pants.
giving my sister in law a bag of dicks for Christmas
accidentally killing a person.
TI(almost)FU by almost shouting “jump shot!”during a group photo with wheel chair disabled people.
running the resume I’ve been sending out for the last 5 months through spell check for the first time
approaching a famous actor in NYC
getting tickled
By Grabbing A Hot Donut (Repost)
drugged my parents and ruined thanksgiving
ending up drinking barbecue sauce milk
accidentally coming out to my brother
taking a dump on a bus
losing a tampon (NSFW)
going for a run with my SOs dog
giving my grandmother a pair of spandex underwear for her birthday
pissing myself in a store and going to the hospital exposing my entire boob in class and getting sent to the guidance counselor
sexing the sexiest sex with my hot sexy girlfriend
speeding
r/I accidentally opened notification and instantly closed the app and not reading what was in there
for the past 3 months i’ve been thinking missoula is in washington
passing out while on my back
joining discord smelling like a distillery while trying to board a plane and thoroughly dissapointing my parents
rubbing one out too strongly because my teeth hurt
sending my gf a dickpic
Currently happening- I don’t know if I should leave and let my friends have a threesome.
after getting high with my fianceé (update)
making a non post in r/Memories are usually attached with positive or negative feelings. Using the following technique improves your relationship with the people related to your experience. Become free of negative feelings such as shame, regret, etc
pretending I was mute at summer camp for a week
trying to have a relaxing time at the beach
getting caught ordering magic truffles online.
locking myself out of my sister's house and having to call her for instructions to break back in.
blacking out and getting piss on my couch
being cringe-level oblivious at the end of a hot date.
investing $2000 in a giant sperm killing machine
not closing the Shemale porn tab on my dad's browser while i was using his phone.
shitting everywhere
i withdrew $20 fron the atm but forgot to take the money
giving the girl I just met oral...
not holding the swab
Suprise Dildo!
eating beans in the theatre
throwing a drink at my friend
pooping on my mom’s new rug
reaching for the lube in the dark
I did the sex
Coworker overdosed on LSD, went to looney bin because he thought he was an orange. Today is his 10 year anniversary.
Forgetting Me and My Roomate Had a Google Home
having sex with piss monkey
getting shampoo in my husband's Eyes stinging him using my girlfriend's vibrator on myself while her 15 yr old son walked in - Annndd the title make it sound so much worse now that I read it.
showering in a new place.
Laughed at a customer
messing with airport security, getting the family detained, cost us 300 Euro
in a zoom call with my boss
drinking my grief &amp; esophagus away
letting my middle school classmate dispose of evidence from my period
thinking my 1200$ laptop only had 128gb of space
r/because I asked people to rate me online
sending my math teacher fat fetish art.
making my teacher drink cum
leaving a Reddit page open and my boss saw it
pay a tip with proper dignity
faceplanting into a pool of my own salvia
using Apple Maps
having a panic attack during sex
skipping a test with my most strict teacher yet.
Little Shop of Horrors
creating incest characters in sims 4
sending an email on my school account
because I giggled and smiled and it looked like I was laughing at a guy with Parkinson's disease.
traumatizing my 13 yo when I took her cell phone away
buying a book for a computer language which isnt in use anymore.
Taking my New Rescue Puppy Outside too Early
organising an impromptu BBQ shortly after eating hash brownies
clipping my toenails too close to my face
trying to clean. Cats, chlorine and chloroform.
not wanting to see porn and nuking an entire subreddit
This happened to me today while in Minecraft
A family business idea not working out😒
oiling my toilet seat
breaking phone, messing up the setup, changing password, and locking myself out of wifi
setting off my friend’s house alarm and the cops came to her house.
trying to fix a painful toe
takling My drivers liscense sick
I stepped on my ceiling fan
By thinking about The Game
ruining a funeral..
i shit my pants in front of my boyfriend at his house
watching the new Pokemon movie
going to a uni event
not allowing myself enough sleep.
eating sour cream?
Let me know how embarrassing was this?
using underwear for my boyfriend
mot knowing what "sex" means
socializing with my neighbor (contains illegal activity)
nearly breaking my spine
thinking it was a good idea to remove my own stiches at home.
quantos deu?
watching the movie “Super” with my gramma
telling my friend I support LGBTQ+ (i actually do)
paying a private hospital to do a blood test instead of going to a pubic one.
letting my (Crazy) neighbor watch my cat
waiting too long to remove nair from my nethers.
getting mad while playing a game and accidentally breaking my PS4
offending my "New family"
letting my 4 years old chew an used condom
being paradoxical as USUAL -.-
TI(maybe?)FU by cursing about someone when they were still on the phone
getting Google Home to explain in detail what a bong is to my seven-years-old son
Hello, Did you want to share your horrible moments?
making my sister puke on me
running, writing a whole page over, and feeling like a dumbass over, 2 simple noises outside
when my mother walked in on me “slapping the salami”
pointing out a potential nick name for my friends baby
hitting the same car not once, but twice on separate occasions.
destroying my wife’s vases
Really annoyed my friend..
accidentally letting my 5 year old step niece watch a horror movie
correcting math in a subreddit.
doing my job and actually delivering packages
when I came so hard I shit myself
not realizing Papa John’s garlic dip is a liquid.
accidentally calling a black man a monkey and almost getting knocked out.
having sex with a prostitute at work for the last 3 months
most likely giving my terminally ill grandma COVID-19.
calling my best friend a puppy killer
drinking too much water
causing my parents to have a meltdown
peeing in a cup for an ear infection
predicting my great uncle’s death
snapping at my best friend a few days before he got his heart broken
realising I got scammed 6 years ago
letting a woman shoplift a store
trying to "power through" a sickness, and failing miserably
MY NEIGHBOUR KILLED MY PUPPIES I KIDNAP THEIR CAT .
going to a freshman event when I’m not a freshman.
Throwing Up on my Boyfriend
changing my son's diaper
showering on a boat
putting a paper clip inside a outlet
Mocking my coworker with MS
trying to buy animelab subscription when i was sleepy.
stealing my 7 year old son’s BINGO prize
my mom thinks I'm a psychopath
using a manager card at an arcade
Trying to take a photo of my meal prepping.
faking a sickness for s*x (NSFW)
introducing my pastor.
setting off my car alarm during a drive-in concert
betraying my teacher's trust in me
falling for the same "girl" twice without noticing
because I used the sander—without sandpaper
not grabbing the dog
posting on a buy and sell.
not making any friends before Covid-19
having sex with my dominant girlfriend first off, im a bisexual female.
shooting a load in my eye
bu electeoncuting my cat
Trusting a Dropout to Flip Cash for Me
leaving a heartfelt letter in a random doorway
not knowing what "tossing a salad" meant
sending my children to hell
giving myself an astigmatism
getting shot in a dream and nearly having a heart attack
pissing all over my bed and walls late at night
dislocating my jaw while playing wrestling with my brother
wrapping tape under my butt to give me curves, while experiencing cystic acne
just by talking not prepared
holding in a shit for a week
TIF
slipping after getting out of the shower and busting my ass
trying to sell a dog cook book
being insensitive
sucking my titties
going onto r/guro
accidentally tipping 200+%
breaking my microphone.
TDIFU by coming essay to late at home without telling my parents
NSFW] by sexting my fiancé’s parents.
stealing my parent's vodka
fidgeting with the off button on my phone and accidentally calling the police
getting my co-worker fired
accidentally sending a dickpic to my class group chat
my secret santa (I'm apereantly satan) office gift exchange.
accidentally texting my mom the middle finger emoji.
telling a girl I played bass.
laying on the floor at work
taking a joke about Grand Theft Auto V too far
throwing an icy snowball at my classmate
messing with a pissed off snake
making my (17 F) mom (52 F) think I'm horny minutes after my boyfriend (17 M) came over.
calling someone a dumbass....
being suspected as a terrorist by being absent minded.
eating Cheetos
getting my pet macaw drunk on vodka
wearing an eye patch
accidentally bricking the wrong hard drive
I stepped on a piece of glass
Thinking That Is Still Alive
RAPE CRUSH UH OH!!!
taking a enema before suppositories
grabbing my sisters ass
thinking I had hearing loss
I rang my site lead accidentally... Yeah I wanna quit now
asking my doctor if I can take weed gummies, while waking up from anesthesia after a surgery and I barely remember doing it.
eating Spaghetti when visiting my friend in my university’s Psychiatric Hospital
leaving the pressure cooker on stove and went to shop flour in nearby store
Today I fucked up by leaking my hass exam questions
accidentally finding a beastiality site
Laughed at a conversation between my wife and son, karma got me right away.
for coming out in half costume
forgetting to close the window
letting a kid stick a fork in a power outlet.
legal advice for my roommate
hooking up with a stranger on Tinder, only to accidentally rupture an ovarian cyst during sex and needing to drive her to hospital, with her boyfriend.
Birthday
not clearing my search history
asking my husband to stop breathing
when I said ‘Gamers rise up’ without knowing it was a bigotry subreddit
shitting myself in front of my girlfriends entire lineage
mixing hobbys
getting my friend drunk on purpose to win a bet
letting my virgin older brother walk in on me during 21st birthday morning sex
i cheated, but I’m sorry.
convincing my boyfriend I was murdered.
misusing the verb TURN ON for several years
Left a literal shit gift leading to awkward phone call
Embarrassing moments
doing sexy sex while sexing the sexy sex sex.
almost getting confused with a child predator
and forced the love of my life to leave me
telling a cousin of mine about a new girl I’ve met
trapping my friend in a house in roblox
learning that I've been running wrong my whole life
giving myself a chicken-tugging injury
going to the gynecologist with a child-sized bite mark on my boob
quit online addiction recovery sessions that cost me 2.5k with no refund policy
trusting Apple support to fix my MacBook
when my ultra religious boss’ assistant found my husbands porn stash I unknowingly let him store on my work USB
(I actually fucked up today.)  trying to do something funny on omegle
I forgot my best friend’s birthday and asked for summary notes on her birthday
getting Capsaicin cream on my vag.
saying that it’s a nice day outside in front of my geography teacher, then going to KFC after school.
Possible lawsuit after I antagonized white supremacists
leaving my bed restraints out
trying to sucking my husbands thumb sexily
asking my GF (25) if she had a Reddit account
letting my mom fish semen out of my hair
telling a lady she needed a car seat for her kid.
thinking I was going to get a girlfriend
trying something new
accidentally deleting a post instead of a comment.
forgetting to take antihistamines and almost being arrested
Really idiotic
not packing a spare pair of pants (NSFW)
using auto complete on my address for a new job
not hiding a "candle" better
scammed
accidentally coming out to my best friend/crush
calling a potential employer “baby”
shaving pubic hair into a paper, crumpling it into a ball and forgetting to take the trash out and finally mom finding it.
covering a girl I like with my blood
moving into my new room early
not reading the paperwork before my physical exam at the doctor’s office.
buying my Dad's laptop
accidentally changing my profile picture on an online dating app.
when Said I would bleed on the microphone in front in front of my FIL and his friend
Open Mic...yikes..
popping a bubblegum bubble infront of my toddler
new bangla dj remix song 2020 | dana kata pori dj | durga puja dj song s...
mistaking germX for my contact solution
Pavlov'ing myself into testicular agony
emailing my teacher before class saying I’d be in class and then sleeping through it
lending my brother my Bluetooth earbuds
using Spotify at work
forgetting my debit card
almost detaching my testicle
TIF by spilling clam chowder in my brand new car.
saying my black colleague looked like property
thinking a dog was asleep
walking around with my wife's thong stuck to my ass.
eating 4 year old flamin hot cheetos
Walking Into The Opposite Genders Washroom By Accident
giving a fraudulent recipient my card details without a second thought.
Mistaking my apartment´s door with my neighbour´s
choking the chicken in front of a window in school
NSFW] by scratching my penis to the size of an tomatoe and almost dying
pissing off a biden supporter
finishing my Duolingo lesson at midnight
forgetting we got a new kitten.
getting "one with nature"
calling a girl i dont like hot, im a male.
looking up "lol" (league of legends) ONCE
going in to a salon and saying "I'm hairy and need a haircut"
writing a bad yelp review of my now, ex girlfriend forgetting to check if I was muted in a zoom call
my DA exam with reddit
showing porn to my hole family
dropping my calculator and insulting god for it
while talking to my fiance
thinking this subreddit had actual fuck ups on it
taking a pre-workout supplement
trying to help my coworker book tickets for a band.
violating the subreddit rules for a test This is a testThis is a test and a question
letting my teacher see me with a tampon
breaking my phone that I thought was "indestructible"
anyone know how to stop freeze framing/freezing/crashing only happens to me in this modpack
Pepijn Wolterinck's connection with last year's triple suicide bombing of Istanbul's main airport, an attack that killed 45 people.
doing insulin
showing off some Japanese phrases that I thought I knew to a Japanese colleague
watching porn on my "phone"
playing moaning sounds at MAX VOLUME in class
going to sleep at 10 am
leaving my computer on with a very sleepy cat around.
having got soap in my eye
FIRST STABLE RELEASE OF AI POST GENERATOR!
I lied about covid to work.
hi..i want a serious relationship partner.
letting the wrong pussy near my dildo
accidentally making myself look like a pedophile
losing my prescription and forgetting about Twilight Princess
listening to Metallica
eating a disfigured cricket.
breaking my future employers couch right after he offered me the job of a lifetime.
passing a police officer who told me to stop
potentially ruining my ex's relationship
Lost a card game bet and got an eyebrow slit...
RESTAURANT MEANS PAY FOOD
I pissed a tall black guy off by just looking at him.
creating a fake acc......
yelling “I’m coming for you, cute ass” at a girl
copying project from Internet
breaking my shoulder but the consuqueces of being in a coma, having 2 surgery's and the last surgery nearly dying.
jerking myself off to the point of requiring a CT scan for a suspected brain injury.
Eating too many mcnuggiez
blocking and unblocking my flaky “friend”
underestimating the power of cayenne pepper
burning my arse
(potentially) Streaming To The Apple TV
not cleaning my belly button for 16 years
leaving my window open all day, several days in a row.
puking on ten people and a puppy on an airplane
breaking my GF's finger by sitting on it.
tried to talk to my father about his alcoholism, ended up with him going out for a drink
Painting Boyfriend's Bathroom while He was on Vacation
using mint conditioner as lube in the shower
letting a fart slip out.
drawing a bunch of religious symbols on my hand
kicking a sea urchin
destroying my friend’s minecraft hardcore world
(accidentally) pissing in my mouth.
taking my friends dog for a walk
congratulating my mentor on not being dead
leaving a frying pan with oil on my stove
Call Centers Services for E-waste recycling company
moaning “big floppa” in bed
completely demolishing my English teacher's bathroom
ignoring my gf while she orgasmed next to me. While my driving licence online course played in the background
masturbating in bed
sending my mom a pic of my cat pooping
sprinting to give someone their “left behind” groceries
stabbing myself in the throat
taking my mask off when i went to the toilet
not reading over my answers twice
putting my manager as a reference for an application for a second job and texting him about it.
sitting between two of my family’s loudest open-mouth chewers.
telling dad about my dating history and the real reason I showed up at his work so often
whispering to Alexa "Volume level 2" while half asleep
Not really my fault but a big oof
cumming on my cat training myself to be unable to differentiate dreams from reality until I wake up.
adding water to a grease fire.
Nobody told me Miralax was a laxative.
when my parents discovered I got a 22/30.
missing my first math class of the semester.
2020/5/2
going outside to get my mail
making jalapeño poppers then using the bathroom
drunkenly outing my daddy kink to my parents.
not knowing how to use hands free hand sanitizer dispensers
Bitching about my problems waking my sister on both ends of the day and forgot to wish her happy birthday.
What do I do?
contacting tech support for a simple issue
Watched porn for the first time, accidentally downloaded it, and had my dad see it
accidentally spilling water
scratching my dogs tickle spot
having sex
not closing my tabs with porn on them and my little sister finding out
accidentally poisoning myself
getting a puncture ruining entire day. Possibly entire life if I was to be dramatic.
listening to "horny ASMR"
making my grandparents call the police
wearing my charcoal face mask while getting food and being accused of black face
scheduling a “Brozilian” and I’m kind of scared but can’t cancel now.
breaking a almost new dresser as I wouldn't fit in I my car
eating a Caesar salad and going for a run.
talking to a mailbox
buying game cheats from a terrorist, who then got me arrested and forced to marry my GF.
thinking my company gave MLK day off only on the second week.
playing full volume hentai to my dad on fathers day
Melting My Instant Pot
browsing reddit in college
taking 200mg dxm, 80mg cpm, 4mg xanax
sending nudes in a family group chat not deleting browser history.
https://viraldiggers.com/2020/02/24/earthquake-in-turkey-iran-border-at-least-seven-people-confirmed-dead/
Wasting My Time Reading Obviously Fake Posts On
not falling asleep.
Mom offends Therapist
trying to use my broken vibrator at 1am in a quiet town.
trying to watch TV at the gym
deleting my aunt's multiple family photos
overtightening the oil drain plug the last time I changed oil and now the drain plug threads are shaved away
finding out anal and antibiotics are a bad mixture
but saying the word divorce
Let my entire private Christian school know I had gay parents (circa 1990's)
following reddit advice and shaving my a-hole
opening a box on my porch
craving candy
Inadvertantly joked about co-workers lazy eye during conference call
dropping my red bag with money on it!
not checking how much room I had while sliding a pallet in the shed
giving my daughter unrealistic expectations about death
Those aren’t Vitamins
listening to music too loud while doing heavy squats
having a very vivid dream which came true in an unexpected way
not drinking water
sending a picture of the test answer key to my teacher
trying to buy Minecraft with an Xbox Gift Card
texting while walking around my house
picking up my dog
Using a homophobic slur by accident
inadvertently flashing my first grader's zoom class
By not helping a woman break into her own car
falling for a scam email similar to the ones I've spent my career warning others about, and losing almost $3000
trying to fap...
being a good citizen and updating my phone as I left work today
not getting a sore throat checked before NYE and almost dying
saying catcalling a friend
going through a Taco Bell drive-thru and getting my friends pulled over.
getting toilet water in my mouth.
agreeing to being tied up (a bit NSFW)
sending a picture of my face to somebody i don’t know
insulting a woman in a parking lot
scaring my girlfriend by accident.
thinking I had covid
Advertising on facebook.
having good sex
Faked an accent to pick up chicks but now I’m in way too deep. Causing Myself to Beg for a Coin on the Streets
Had to search my girlfriends vagina for ticks after being in the forest for 12 hours
stopping at a bar to have a drink after an outrageous car estimate.
leaving my puppy for a moment
having bondage tape delivered at work
Well.
sitting awkwardly in the car
stocking the wrong aisle
getting walking in on by my parents
dropping my balls at work.
talking to a pornstar
agreeing to let a total internet stranger help me.. through Google meet
Forgot to read a link's name, got harassed
getting a new phone
making a post on r/JuiceWRLD
Make Money Working Online. | Work From Home
getting caught in the heat of the moment by my girlfriends little sister. NSFW
In English
posting something offensive at work.
causing an allergic reaction
shitting on my floor.
not chewing my food all the way
forgetting my limits
not looking into G2A before purchasing a Steam key.
telling one of my former students that she's really "grown up" while inadvertently staring at her chest.
By making a complaint at work
requesting a custom porn video and handing my phone to my wife
getting in the shower with my son
filling my wifes diesel powered car with unleaded or "regular" fuel.
attempting to use the shower head to jack off and then it broke
Today i almost cried about penis size. (NSFW?)
dropping my balls infront of my coworkers.
inappropriately shouting “Invest!” at something I shouldn’t have.
eating ham
putting too much cheese on my pasta
hearing my best friend and my gf's cousin having sex.
hosting a morning party where someone shat in my bed
Sung happy birthday for washing hands and got smacked across the face.
forgetting to get my kid food (again)!
making my friends think I'm a racist jerk, and didn't realize it until years later.
getting reported at work
I could have burned my house down (little bit clickbait)
telling someone to die and got banned on a subreddit
flirting to a CBP officer
playing a voice mail at a funeral
hotboxing the shed in my backyard with several neighbors, one of which had coronavirus.
Not Making A Move
speeding and the lying about why
looking up "lol" (which stands for league of legends) ONCE
getting high before going to my mom’s house for Thanksgiving dinner.
getting cut by scissors
telling my mom that I posted about an argument we had in r/AITA
Probably not my wisest move
I may have stolen my friend's girlfriend. accidentally slapping my boyfriends balls
asking my teacher about her sex life
send the wrong meme to wrong group chat
By not being the person I need to be
having sex with a 4th classmate in a row
I dont have a Roommate for my Sophomore Year
because somebody threw my toy across the classroom and it bent my friend's computer
going to the bathroom in the dark
trusting a fart
buying my boss a joke vanity name plate
helping a guy hear his wife cheating on him
About sixty seconds ago, I fucked up using the wrong powder on the wrong area due to the wrong undies in the wrong seat.
Lost a bet (NSFW)
jumping onto a treadmill
making my coffee taste like onions
looking into my GF wardrobe
making my wife laugh while we were in bed.
telling my secret crush's body to 'Stop it'
Overcome your challenge 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 Analyze competitors, find gaps, and outperform your marketing strategy
casting porn to my household.
Wanking In The Morning
spraying AXE on my dick
ordering the world’s hottest pepper off of the Internet
jumping in the car without checking the seat.
telling my parents to have fun on their “date”
submitting an essay that was completely wrong
not spending as much time with my dad as I could have before he died.
getting a new piano and feeding bugs with my cold blood
saying yes to be set up for a blind date and the date hasn't even started yet.
when asking a girl out
furiously masturbating in plain view of neighbors
mistaking a legitimate phone call for a scammer
forgetting I was on the phone...
losing a piece of Psilocybin infused chocolate and my mom thought it was Hash and smoked it.
loosing my girlfriend and my bestfriend
Nsfw  accidentally insulting my boyfriends penis i guess
getting my credit card locked
:)
Fell asleep on work zoom call...
I caused a panic alarm by burning my food to charcoal at work.
spending one hour to troubleshoot a problem that doesn't exist on my laptop
burning my mouth
Blowjob rejection
letting my parents know I read manga and ending in the ER because of it.
ruining one of my fiance's favorite Animal Crossing villagers ruining one of my fiance's favorite Animal Crossing villagers
sending a video of myself climaxing to a friend's friend
Posting a video for me on the school page
calling chips weed
almost electrocuting myself
talking a record footlong dump before remembering our water was shut off
calling my bestfriend's uncle a weirdo
10 minutes ago) by professing my love to someone online
letting my husband takeover thanksgiving dinner
holding $GME and $AMC stocks to long
sleeping next to a wall
not going to the bathroom when I have a UTI
telling my friend that I thought her friend's name was urethra.
not pre-screening a show before watching it with my kids.
flashing my sister
trusting an Instagram stranger and selling pictures of myself to him.
taking my grandma to show and tell
grilling dog shit.
Told our driver we got rid of a client because she was being racist
trying to relive my childhood and ride a mattress down stairs.
calling my friend's love life a joke
shaking the hands of the two ladies who did my job interview
NSFW  jizzing in my briefs and leaving them for the ants
using a paper plate
going on a tirade on a customer.
looking at the NSFW photo featuring the French teacher’s decapitation.
when I forgot I was not home alone, and got caught splurting my brogurt by my cousin
thinking my Lyft driver was hitting on me
crying in front of my crush
petting my dramatic dog
peeing while on the phone and not realizing the public toilet had automatic flushing.
turning my brother into a Trmp Superfan
Complaining About Tobacco
having faith in mankind and believing he would keep the uncovered shaft outside
Building a fertilizer bomb and blowing up my door 8 months later
hooking up with a stranger at 1 AM in my car
trying to make ramen noodles
food pickup with broken car window
when I spilled the beans about my friend's dad's arrest
eating a tablespoon of ghost pepper sauce.
Grabbing a Garlic Bagel for lunch.
accidentally creating a card game called "Jack Off"
clutching at a random lady.
not logging out of my dropbox
having sex with my cousin…
doing more push ups than my body can handle
going a little too hard during Sex
beagles don't mix well with pet chickens
trying to clean my toilet bowl
getting in following argument via text with good friend. Thoughts?
not wearing a seatbelt
I lost the one to stupidity.
taking a friend's sarcasm too seriously and getting him into trouble with the school
dreaming I was a paraplegic and wetting my bed.
Someone posted pictures of my boyfriend
offending a Karen and getting my Snapchat leaked to a porn site
pissing behind a wardrobe for one year
not submitting my final exam
laughing at sausage
Nearly cut in half
up messaging my friend why i was still out
taking something stupid
being so new to Reddit
I stomped on a lego brick and possibly fractured my heel/foot
using a spare condom that expired 4 1/2 years ago
not updating the weather app
telling my wife she owes me a BJ right in front of her mother.
leaving my phone in the toilet
killing a perfectly good Motherboad
why gravity, desks and kids was a poor decision
finding out my cousin's Reddit account
asking if the carpets match the drapes
turning around while peeing
What’s the easiest/best and most efficient way to OD on over the counter drugs?
Grabbing my best mate by the balls
trying to make a doctor’s appointment
trying to beat the heat
getting caught cheating on a university midterm
pulling out a hurting tooth.
accidentally joking about my kink
watching hentai in my room.
Not knowing how to use switches
somehow managing to ACCIDENTALLY delete my main Reddit account.
trying to have my first ever one night stand.
I made a big carbon footprint in my house
making a fireball in my sink
Fucking your Mom without a condom On
making the hospital staff think I was beating my fiancee
Needing a Poop Knife but do not have a Poop Knife
using an eraser program on my laptop and now my parents are fighting
breaking my car window overnight
TIFI by peeing on my Xbox
egging a Dodge Camaro...
spending the morning naked in bed
standing on the side of my tub
Snap sexting with my dad..?in the supermarket jamming a French baguette into a random shoppers behind
shredding my neighbors electric car charger hidden under snow with a snow blower.
going to a party when I was younger
joining this sub
letting my buddy/ co-worker fuel up my car as thanks.
going drinking
screen-sharing to my entire class the kinky porn I watch
not understanding a joke
getting my b*llsack cut by a toilet seat
Oops...
letting an old woman steal a kid watch
wearing a Trump hat as a Black guy troll
calling my grampa a pussy
a work email by misspelling “shirt”
accidentally ignoring my parents
laughing at a girl who fainted
playing Mortal Kombat X for Mobile in front of My little cousins.
putting chocolate syrup on chicken tenders
cooking noodles at 3 am...
using the word "sensual" instead of "sensational"
pretending to be a velociraptor
having a day off to go tattoo
winning a PS5 and didn't realize
I read this on r/relationship_advice
I AM NIGGER SLAYER I AM NIGGER SLAYER I AM NIGGER SLAYER I AM NIGGER SLAYER I AM NIGGER SLAYER I AM NIGGER SLAYER
Peppermint Patties
deep conditioning my hair.
correcting a swastika
making an assumption about a drunk patient while responding to a 911 call.
accidently dropping a nuke on Los Angeles
thinking this sub could improve at all
watching porn.
letting my 4 year old sister walk home alone.
calling my fiance mom
accidentally flashing my pp in front of my class.
treating a customer like an idiot
flinging a piece of KFC into a strangers purse
buying mens pyjama pants (f)
accidentally doxing myself.
being caught turning of the camera monitors pc at my school
speaking Norwegian at the grocery store
Words matter, they really do . . . or how I almost had Maggie put down!
Accidentally screenshared my nudes to my TA on ZOOM
Puzzle piece
losing my prepaid debit card.
This is my dad’s story not mine also short story btw
trying to fix that pesky ice cream machine.
thinking I still have the tits of a teenager.
As a Zamboni Driver
The (almost) Jimmy Savile Ecard
opening a package that wasn’t mine in front of my GF. Scarring us for life. potentially (NSFW)
messaging god knows what to this guy
forgetting my buss pass in jeans and washing it away.
TI:FU By embarrassing myself in a Subway rip-off!
drinking Tropical Punch Kool Aid
cleaning out my pantry
asking my friend he wasn't out protesting. He broke down crying and said his parents had tested positive for COVID and now they're quarantined.
Rite Aid Shenanigans
angering 9 street dogs
accidentally clicking play on Tv Button on Pornhub and porn automatically started playing at the living room where my dad was watching TV!
This sub
thinking I was dying when I was dyed.
Lied about stomach pain as a 10 year old, ended up costing my parents $1000
3 years since this happened...
forgetting how fragile my fiancée is
trying to make chores a bit more fun for myself
leaving my underwear on the floor at my boss's girlfriend's house
getting a Disney plus subscription and trying to get out of the friendzone
using my puppy's nickname in public
Caught smoking weed (short)
not knowing what espresso was.
throwing a small fit in the middle of Target.
Get free $200 Amazon gift card V2 - SOI
telling my best friend i’ve always had feelings for her
getting a bus driver in trouble
taking a preworkout on a full stomach.
wearing leg suport /splint wrong way and complaing to vendor
screwing with something I shouldn’t have been
filling awkward elevator silence
smoking the devils lettuce
making my mom see a text I sent my friend
using my school account for reddit
bc my phone died
not knowing how a vasectomy worked.
Fake raffle scam - we are NOT running any raffles
getting too comfortable on a plane.
ordering dinner
assuming my wife was cheating on me and getting undeserved revenge.
CUTTING MY HAIR
By sending my mom a Mother’s Day card
using involuntary reflexes
Period story
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
watching a documentary about my buddy's childhood friend being a murderer
shitting on my carpet
agreeing to help my father clean the drain pipes.
missing the Great American Eclipse in a car wash
accidentally sending my homework to everyone.
when I took wayyyy too much ADHD medicine
Mother ate my edible on Christmas
trying to clean up my pubes with a beard trimmer.
Wasting Around $370 to buy One Textbook I Could’ve Bought for $70
Cheating on Test
sending a 69 joke on my College's admission and getting denied.
eating my AirPod thinking it was a chocolate raisin
making a dick joke
accidentally buying cemetery flowers for my mom and girlfriend.
pretending to be Santa
All these "stories are hard to believe.
making my sister upset who is enthusiastic for pranks
trying to be David Lee Roth
assuming other people communicate directly
blurted out something, and my wife has been paying the price for it all day long.
asking what a gpu is on r/pcmasterrace.
telling my previously disabled friend to walk.
losing a pay monthly phone without insurance
cleaning my shit stained underwear in my school
with a Christmas Cookie
making my husband think a threesome (FMF) was waiting for him when he got off work.
Is it wrong for a 25 year old female to date a 19 year old male
asking my boyfriend to get me a shiny wooloo
sending a friend some baby gifts
forgetting a Bollywood celebrity's name while introducing them in public.
Today I fucked up by not uploading "my bad beats" sooner.
not listening to my GF and ruining our carefully planned fishing trip
falling in love with my co-worker
Forex Trading is Not Investing. What do you guys think?
not excepting to have lunch with my crush
complimenting james charles (insert cherry emoji here)
Taking a Video (NSFW)
returning my cousin's longboard from my psycho mom
not telling my family I was buying a house, resulting in them shredding a $25,000 certified check due tomorrow, and a breach of contract.
Today I fucked up by trying to annoy ducks and almost drowning myself in the process.
expressing my attraction in a parasocial relationship.
making my coworker look up porn
getting caught with my bf by my brother
sleeping in my mom’s room
I fucked up trying to Post something on r/softwaregore
falling asleep while having semi-nsfw gay porn open.
Today I fucked up by having sex with Dolores Umbridge
I’m bored
going for a shit at my friend's house.
because I have horrible vision
Impregnating my Cousin
licking something very, very cold
telling my neighbours to fuck quietly
accidentally outed someone as a suspected peado
and discovered I had FU over ten years ago
losing 10 worth of pictures by trying to organize them on my PC.
peeing outside the bowl
having my roommates friend accidentally lick my cum off her hand.
peeing on myself and going to the supermarket.
not knowing what was on my own resume.
using too much sunscreen
cause my gf caught me having s*x with a stuffed animal
TIFUpdate by trusting a cheap chinese toy to do my business
scaring the crap out of an adorable couple
eating doritos
my missreading/misunderstanding my whole childhood insparation in under 30 seconds
posting a nude pic to my story
trying to go camping
with my sarcastic comment
Pissing On My Girlfriend
showering a kid in milk
tilting my head back during a nosebleed, therefore almost choking to death on my own blood.
accidentally showing my older brother my porn.
What next generation console are you looking forward too? PlayStation 5 or Xbox Series X?
I sent all my clothing to an animal hospital
telling my teacher I should teach his lecture
failing to adequately contain my baked goods
seeing if shouting is the best way to exit a dream
when I learned that my group forgot to turn off the AC in the classroom, before classes were suspended because of COVID.
looking under my own restroom stall
being careless with a hedge trimmer
having too much confidence in a foreign country
attempting to come up with a good rebuttal in an argument about a blanket
Time my friend sent her manager the wrong video
installing dropbox and accidentally
posting a picture of kink books on FB
asking my boyfriend to be meaner in bed
giving too much info...
because I rejected the help of two very kind girls, who offered to carry my oversized Amazon-packages to my home with me
shooting my boyfriend in the face with his own dong water
getting scars on my knees for no good reason
so bad, I let them just think I smoked weed instead of telling the truth.
breaking my Taco Bell record and ruining someone’s day
telling a woman I’m dating I’m getting a Covid test
Forgetting to Wish My Best Friend a Happy 50th birthday
flooding by basement with my sisters toilet water
shitting in a plastic shopping bag while on a boat with 7 other people
I shit my self
my birthday.
being so musically uneducated
being too caring, too horny, and not wise enough to give a damn
accidentally ejaculating on poop
telling a girl to rip out her teeth to lose weight.
Saying the wrong thing
letting my dog out with me at 5am
shitting myself on my lunch break
watching r/dontflinch
capturing my boner on camera
using the same shampoo for as long as I can remember.
telling a coworker that I look forward to watching adult movies with my 4 y/o daughter
kissing my friend's crush
giving my cat a ride
spoiling The Prestige
I shit myself in front of my best friends grandpa on a run today.
When I was accused of being a hitman to murder my Destiny clanmate for his wife.
talking shit about an employee while my mic was not on mute
having an all nighter and entering psychosis
forgetting to hide my sex toy cleaner
not reading the label
when the dream became to real NSFW
removing our bed frame which killed our ferret. (Helpful for ferret owners)
not calling in for work
forgetting I had a winning 1000 dollars lottery ticket
I talked to my friends mom about porn
getting trapped in a building
looking in my shed for a screwdriver
attempting to climb a 50 foot cliff at dawn, wearing only shorts, flip flops, and an embarrassing lack of dignity.
falling asleep during my online class
about 10 minutes ago by making one of those DIY fleshlights
forgetting how to do basic math.....
accidentally being sexist to my company’s CEO
r/ leaving pornhub open on my laptop.
I was involved in a short but rather intense relationship last summer, that was only meant to be casual....but wait!
mistaking ear wash for eye wash.
staying up too late and hearing my parents do the nasty
CUZ I TRAUMATIXED MY WHOLE FAMILY ESP MY 8 YO SISTER
trying to run a couple errands while being home from work with the Flu.
trying to kidnap some kids.
encasing my hair in a thick layer of taffy torture.
I think most of the posts on here are BS. just my opinion though.
parking my truck on some dried leaves and catching it on fire
getting splinters in my dick because I didn't beat my dick
not listening to my doctor
not eating condoms, despite how it may have appeared.
taking a speaker magnet to school
popping a zit about a day and a half before a date and it ended up looking like I had herpes. pissing on my girlfriend
taking a $200 dump.
jumping in the bathtub.
Find print in Zoom meetings
Splashed ketchup on two girls
having sex with a dead deer (My 2nd Experience)
asking for directions
My ocd got me labeled as a tweaker
My stupid ass just dropped metal pliers onto a maindoard, thus
trying to outsmart Wells Fargo policies for no reason in the end
eating edibles before a waxing appointment
Will need surgery for fractured 5th metatarsal and torn tendons in foot
tinder chat disaster
asking a cop for weed.
telling my crush I love them which lead to a terrible venting walk
years ago) by killing an ISP company
using my parent's dildo
tripping at the gym.
cooking bacon
accidentally hiring a happy ending massage
letting a toddler lock me and 2 yr old twins in a bedroom
purchasing $80 worth of Reddit coins with my boyfriend's money.
watching the first season of Westworld back to front and only realising at the end
not hooking up with a beautiful woman about a month after a very hard breakup
making popcorn shirtless
my killing a frong confusing it for an insect
physically hurting the one person that showed me passionate love.
being racist in the drive-thru
taking medications having interaction with each other
being hot in Mexico
25 and dating a older man, oh and I’m meant to be a lesbian
talking about politics at work
consuming edibles at the age of 15
Edibles
Falling Asleep Early
Stapled my index fingers together
leaving my clothes on the bathroom floor (PUPPY DRAMA EDITION)
The cure for anxiety – first of all follow God, then your problems will be solved:
Reaching out to your ex on Christmas is a no no
eating the world’s hottest chicken wings
trying to download Duo on my phone.
leaving my dildo on my bedside table
dropping my cup FULL of pee at the testing center
taking Chemistry instead of Physics, but still staying in Chem anyways.
not knowing the true meaning of Gee, Thanks
but boyfriend edition 🤦🏽‍♀️
offending my carer
drinking too much and puking on my date.
being an asshole to my caseworker.
and now my apartment smells like oysters.
drinking a week old coffee
showing my mother a picture of my girlfriend's bloody bumhole.
getting drunk before flying home from Mexico
inviting my Wife's ex Boyfriend to our childbirth.
bitch-slapping a five year old across the face
using my dad’s DVD player..
trying to be a “fun” Dad
When my Dad brought my dogs a new rope bone to play with
trying to hide an Easter egg.
locking myself out of my apartment and maybe almost getting molested.
picking a fight with a police officer
wanting to build a rope swing for myself
getting lost at a park
completely flipping my lid, breaking a stick, and berating my own mother for the way she's been treating her new dog.
starting off really, really strong in my public speaking final.
getting a haircut from my dad
causing a detonation in a pet store, potentially causing manager to have PTSD episode
By pooping in a celebrity’s changing room
putting pepper on my freshly made cereal -.-
shooting cum up my eye's
signing up for Onlyfans with my google account and sharing my real name.
Mattress in a box returns during pandemic
and I've no idea where to go
Buy TripAdvisor Reviews - Buy 5 star TripAdvisor Reviews
being pro-BLM
blasting porn on the surround sound speakers
playing with hot oil
shitting on my brother-law's recommendation.
having the confidence of an extremely average white man
not paying attention to extra charges.
taking money from the mob
lighting 8 candles at a time and not ventilating my apartment well enough.
farting at the most inappropriate time possible.
stupidly falling for a kid’s toy.
How fake is the butt plug
getting into a bed in the dark without checking under the covers.
Facebook creeping a cute coworker then lying to the point of no return
hitting my knee on a table
smoking too much weed and wandering into the apocalypse.
messaging a scammer and having my gf think im cheating
I ate my grandma's laxative laced brownies
today i felt a vag### for the first time and am not taking it well
Accepting a check and later finding out it was fake after depositing into my bank
not assisting a customer with a disability.
contacting my friend on the wrong email for 4 years
A Whole Lotta Banging Going On
using Face Unlock
masturbating a little too hard
joking that my wife's sexy bits smell and taste gross
I walked into the wrong classroom
conditioning myself on being horny when I'm at the gym
forgeting my glasses, not paying attention and tripping on a LARGE CONCRETE BENCH.
calling a very senior supervisor “Mom” instead of “Ma’am” when debriefing her in public about COVID-19 planning and response.
reading to my niece...
making my crush throw up on our first date
Eating a salad with a knife.
playing with a staple gun
having tattoos which are a symbol for gay anal sex
being a FedEx Package
Messed up sister’s AC village
letting my cousin move in as long as he helped pay a portion of the bills
Today I fucked up by driving my Ford Ranger with the air conditioning turned on for the past ten years.
Is it true the ice cream truck jingle was from a song called “N****r Love a Watermelon “?
telling my girlfriend she smelled like the Burger King Rugrats Go Wild Scratch n Sniff strawberry patch.
using my boyfriends mothers private part towel as a hand towel
stapling my index fingers together.
today i fucked up by sending my grandma my nudes
cutting my GFs (f19) privates
thinking the clog in my straw was Metamucil powder...
getting mc donalds
Most expensive pancakes ever.
waiting two and a half weeks to go number two.
buying a motherboard on Amazon and not properly troubleshooting it.
ordering a present for my so
last night] by f_cking my boss.
losing my gf
sleeping through a work meeting and accidentally volunteering for a year off of work
taking a dump in a strange's fridge while I was drunk, and not even remembering.
deleting my relative's entire photo gallery from their phone
trying to prank my friend
asking my teacher to teach me the Seinfeld theme
reading this sub and was disappointed to find out that half of the anecdotes came from Today! T.O.D.A.Y.
f*ucking in a university's public bathroom
shitting all over a 3 story house.
helping my grandpa work on the house and maybe accidentally killing a kitten
How to ruin dinner
dressing up like a girl and blaming my dad.
asking the guy I've been texting to send me a sexy voice note.
mailing my potential employer information about my mental health.
not showing up to my own funeral...
not using safety equipment
trimming my dick in the shower.
accidentally deleting 4 Quintilian Public Discord posts
Lame fuck up.
leaving my vibrator out
thinking my 8 year old started her period
leaving my bra out in my room
tossing my Glasses into a River.
making my bf puke with my poop
Lovense - Bluetooth Sex Toys for Every Bedroom!
Getting My Main Account Permabanned Site-Wide from Reddit
sexing sexy sex tityying ass tit penis
trusting kids
Saying The Wrong Thing To A Friend In Discord
sniffing my friends panties
when I posted furry smut in my classroom.
By Sneaking Out The House
Roaccutane
forgetting I was on camera
fucking my dogs asshole
actually kissing/flirting with my new gfs sister
not locking the door while feeling myself
Anal hurt me
falling asleep with my headphones on
telling a friend I can't help him advertise some products he wants to sell using my Facebook page
dosing off in class
not knowing how to behave appropriately at a house party full of complete strangers.
splitting my rent with a drug dealer
sending porn to my girlfriend
getting a stranger blacklisted by a job recruitment agency
giving my husband a blowjob
talking to my grandma about sex
being a dumbass on a first date
almost getting arrested by the state police and thus nearly missing my transatlantic flight back to Europe
taking LSD and being exorcised by mom
eating less to try to save money (tw: eating disorder)
laughing at a dead body
might have gotten a teacher fire on accident
punching my ex
horny texting my girlfriend
walking into the kitchen
I am 96% sure that I farted in a girls mouth at the gym. A short story.
not having a fishing net
Today i fucked up by leaving my porn open and towel on a chear.
putting on my socks
accidentally seeing my friends dickpick.
forgetting to put earphones on before going to bed
sharing my NSFW phone password to my dad. logging into a work call while checking in for a vasectomy NSFW unfortunately
saying 'Cunt' in front of my whole family.
accidentally showing my family a very short video of me fingering my girlfriend.
spilling boiling hot water on my pants
I accidentally texted my new boss instead my husband
laughing at a customer
with rubbing chilli oil in my eyes
My Mom Got My Sex Toy Order Confirmation Email
I accidentally called my friend out infront of quite a lot of people
ruining my friendship with my cousin
making the grossest mess
having a gay radar
Flirting with friend's mom
getting caught playing inappropriate games
patting my cat. Never underestimate your cat...
TIFI by suspending 45 lbs from my dick with a carabiner
lending my lil brother my timebomb Ipad
and watched TED in the theatre in a session for young families with their newborns.
going to work and trusting my bladder with an UTI.
trying to join an extremely successful startup
paying triple for Amazon Prime for possibly 4 years
hitting the same car twice. On separate occasions.
letting my best friend kiss me
not knowing the mic was on and telling my husband I want to fuck right as videoconference mass started at the seminary where he works.
getting my friend hazed at a frat house
hanging out with the wrong people
taking too much Ambien (20mg) which caused me to blackout and travel interstate.
falling asleep and farting in a conference call
accidently trying to pimp out my boyfriend
More like... Today I Eroticad myself
dancing so hard I dislocated my knee
because I spoke in English slang
I was a catfish, and now all I feel is misery
mixing up two classmates with the same name by sending an incredibly personal message to the wrong one
PRANKING MY SISTER
whoring myself out (and I am a guy)
referring to our HR rep as a b-word and her boyfriend heard
calling my girlfriends dead father a "fucking idiot"
deleting my server
up by accidentally outing myself as a furry to my coworkers.
trying to do a haunted house but losing a lot of money
calling my girlfriend a pink penis and a balding hairy scrotum.
pretending to offer someone drugs at a conference
postman saw me naekid
Not Reading the News
letting my friend take my phone on the bus ride home
biting my nephew
making a girl at church think I like her
sending an insulting gif to my teacher
not stressing hard enough how bad the blood test results were for this person and he died few days later
checking a Onedrive account I share with my dad.
wearing new socks
getting way too high and dumping macaroni on my girlfriend's bra
buying a game for a kid and getting bitched at by his mom.
in a online game
hugging my ex
looking at someone’s post
big time
supergluing my mouth closed
saying a mix-race newborn looked like George of the Jungle
brushing my teeth with Ice Gel Pain relief
when I told my boss I didn't like him
I caused an entitled kid to get angry.
lying to my EX that I’m not on Tinder.
looking like a NAZI at BLM rally
Okay so i wasnt really me that fucked up and it wasnt really today it happend
Tuned Passive Harmonic Filters Market Scope Emerging Trends, Analysis And Forecast 2026
getting in someone else’s car
going commando
going to a random website
drawing stick figures with penises
not going to work
So I managed to broadcast my gf's orgasm to my online class
for low-key gaslighting my partner for five years.
using mouthwash.
exposing my torn knickers to the boys in the bus after falling over my head!
not shaving my beard.
losing a buttplug
thinking my hair would naturally turn black sometime after bleaching :) Cant wait for school to start in LITERALLY TWO WEEKS AAAAAAAAA MY MOM WONT LET ME BUY BLACK HAIR COLOR
gaming with built in mouse acceleration for years.
testing the limits of reddit.
making a joke to my dad about playing in the snow in the inner city
giving my weed dealer a lift in my car to pick up a large sum of money owed to him by another dealer. giving my weed dealer a lift in my car to pick up a large sum of money owed to him by another dealer.
naming my penis
letting a criminal sneak in illegal weapons using a wooden horse
trimming my man junk
when my wife found the soft core porn in my laptop.
having the OR nurse read my texts out loud
putting transmission fluid in my coolant
assuming my mother In law was asking about my boobs.
popping what I thought was a zit
forgetting i had an exam test
not being observant
surprising my GF
posting to r/whatcouldgowrong before sleeping
wearing wrong facemask
Calling My Friend By The Wrong Gender.
not knowing what graveyard meant.
not having autocorrect on for my phone
I missed the mail delivery driver, so I walked to the post office after calling "them".
when wifey discovered my Google searches for "1/2 inch female nipples"
grating butter
drinking ants
telling my girlfriend’s dad I’m bisexual in response to something he said
eating a whole bag of Takis last night
sucking my dentist's finger
unintentionally subjecting my Mom and SIL to a barrage of dick pics.
leaving my staffy (dog) at home on nye
brushing my teeth while using the bathroom in the morning.
pulling an anal bead out of my cats asshole
TIFUpdate: Exposing my secret on Facebook and possibly becoming the target of a family conspiracy.
Depop Limited Fee
dropping my phone in the toilet for the very first time and..
Lost my virginity (kinda) could only get up a semi.
trying to make a joke in health class.
Snooping In My Girlfriend's Car and Finding Her Massive Collection of CHEWED UP Dildos.I banned one of my clients account for 2 weeks while boosting him in LoL
nearly choking to death
being socially awkward!
i fucked up my life
My vape shot juice into my eye.
cheating on my husband
leaving bluetooth on and streaming porn sounds to my Alexa while people were in the living room
shoving shit up my ass
taking a bath
letting my girlfriend know I got a boner while making out
running out of my house
accidentally getting my dick sucked by a guy.
When your phone doesn’t mute the background apps...
putting the Cast Iron grates in the dishwasher
getting drunk and texting my mom
trying to calm my brain!
calling out someone's sexism.
making out with my girlfriend
wearing pajamas during class
accidentally flirting with a guy in front of my boyfriend
trying to cut my fishing line without scissors and got hooked through my finger
making my fb birthday 4/20/69
getting ragged on national tv, have your whole town watch it and become it’s laughing stock for times to come.
not being able to wipe the wife's butthole
breaking my nose while trying to go down on my gf
ruining Mother’s Day
using the word ‘pervy’ instead of ‘privy’ in a mass email
asking to have a day off over Christmas.
letting my toddler grab my glasses.
slamming my laptop closed on my manhood
For dealing with an angry customer
I'm a health care worker to stupid to realize I was having an asthma attack
letting my wife look like a neo nazi
not knowing a garbage bag had leaked at home near 11-month old baby
showing my dad my dildo
F truly is for Family
really enjoying the smell BFs new cologne
wearing shorts with a thin material
telling an amputee how to bowl correctly.
giving my cat attention
pretending I had a drivers license and a car
giving a double pint of bloodI called my boss "Boomer"!
I like 90s movies about music. Like Empire Records and pump up the Volume. I feel like I’ve seen them all.... Surprise me.
breaking my pc again a few days after getting it back
losing the bathroom key
snoozing my alarm
Trying to make glue from turkey bones
not eating at a New Years party
getting hammered and roaming the city by myself.
dismantling my new air conditioner
taking Tussin on an empty stomach
defending a handicapped dude from an intoxicated douchebag.
Weapon laws in Ireland
Today I  dropping my pants for the wrong person
smoking to much
sending a video of my photo gallery to my friends
Not knowing how a p***is works is dangerous...and smelly putting deodorant on my dick
running through a puddle in a bridesmaid dress stoned before the ceremony
texting my friends my p**sy pic
forgetting cake
wearing socks at home
letting my anxiety get the best of me
accidentally dropping a metal tablespoon measure into the drain.
forgetting my username
bringing my toddler (14mos) into the ocean on a rough day
breaking into the wrong apartment
messaging my BF's father
trying to be empathic
accidentally bleaching my eyebrow’s many shades lighter
making my roommate drink a coffee with a spider in it
TIGU with writing a complaint about a bus driver that I thought complemented my boobs turns out he was complementing something more wholesome
having phone sex with a guy who “cared about” me.... in the same way he cares about starving children
Shamed by my sarcasm
trying to have fun
How to do Christmas magic
Father in law found my wifes sexy surprise
being inconsiderate, selfish, and rude towards my girlfriend.
running 50 miles on LSD and realizing I was gay
pissing on my bedroom carpet and ruining my mother friendship with someone she has been friends with for 13 years.
getting pepper-spray in my nose.
That  swearing at an english speaking cockroach
puking on ten people and a puppy
being too shy to talk to my crush in person
not understanding the concept of a lozenge
Guy pulled out in front of me
going to clean my dads room
leaving my pc open
trusting my youthfullness.
TIFUpdate by asking my 4 year old cousin where her imaginary friend lives (Update after 5 years)
first vape
Cards against humanity
getting dressed in front of the window
thinking a amputee student was joking about her arm
shouting how much I love a coworker at a party while black out drunk.
I burnt my face with moisturiser.
trying to talk to a pretty girl
Coming clean
flipping off family on Facebook
getting laser hair removal
reporting my motorcycle stolen and then finding it - where I parked - 2 weeks later
wanting to play destiny 2
a while ago) by flushing a banana peel down the toilet.
accidentally molesting my dog
not realizing my microphone was on in zoom
letting my father's car get broken into and left that way for days
Michael Scott almost ruined sex for me
Teaching my 4 year old the Touching Butt's Game
economizing 1.8 usd
Trimming My Balls
gapping out that we take apple pay
not talking to someone
excitedly telling my parents about my guns.
dropping my Airpod Pro in the toilet, soon after dropping it in my cum
for being accidentally racist.
getting good at a game to impress a guy I had a crush on
inviting a buddy from high school to my 21st birthday festivities.
ruining my chances with the perfect girl
asking my coworker how his newborn baby was
forgetting to turn off the stove
not knowing what an effervescent tablet is
showering with a bidet
taking shrooms for the first time and watching Midsommer
getting drunk with a company executive.
By being a smartass on a zoom call at my teacher
Putting hand sanitizer on my Irritated balls
sleeping with my friends wife while intoxicated, and never told him about it.
my bluetooth speaker playing hardcore porn for my underaged kids to hear (NSFW)
smoking weed and getting a panic attack on an intrview on national radio
accidentally paying down my new-to-me motorcycle.
texting my crush on shrooms
not checking my bee suit before opening a beehive
showing a guy accidentally some fetish screenshots and photos or me
posting with my throwaway account
sticking my phone in boiling pot of pasta
Que hacen cuando estan tristes
trying edibles at a concert.
having a late night shit and ruining my sleep.
shaving my balls and then going in the pool
while trying to tell my brither his teacher died.
sleeping all day instead of listening to my body and going to the bathroom
letting an vodka bottle on my sidewalk
screwing up the inspect sample task in Among Us
showing my dick to my stepmom and waving cheerilyJust found out I haven’t properly cleaned my dick for almost 19 years.
not knowing what constituent means
getting crushed by a recycling bin
If Im staring at you, its because I can’t blink.
I got scammed out of my CoD Mw account
I need some advice.
Bug in Code cost about $6,000
having the hearing of a jellyfish, and having the brain of a turtle
submitting the wrong draft of an essay and almost getting exposed to my entire class
i horny
when I writted about a inexisting shooting in my virtual class
Courtesy u/therealshouvik
Had my manager see my lovey dovey side
covering my self in hot chocolate .
deeply insulting one of my company's cleaners and not realizing it.
not putting a pizza box in the fridge
Letting A Creepy Man Almost Torture Me Outside My House
I unknowingly wore a sexually suggestive badge at school for months before the headmistress of the school spotted it and told my parents
being a ID thief?
Today I was hungry
masturbating high in my house
singing along to a Weird Al song
turning on airplay because i was curious
unintentionally trolling an old man
nearly slicing my finger off, breaking a plate, illegally opening someone else’s mail by accident, flooding my bathroom, and forgetting to close the window before sitting on the toilet for all my neighbors to see
being too metal
a new potential house mate
fucking up EVERYTHING
not switching accounts
setting fire to my exes pussy.
forgetting to turn off a space heater
telling the students at the school where I work that I do cocaine.
dropping the urn of my late uncle
Getting Caught By My Father-In-Law With My Pants Down, Rubbing My Belly
not knowing how to divide
nearly causing my house to burn down. turning an assignment into an aggressive rant
forgetting dried plums and prunes were the same thing
Mammoth Mistake at Mammoth Campgrounds.
missing a class that I was supposed to teach
throwing up on my crotch on a university trip bus so it looked like I peed myself for the entire day
I accidentally used the girls bathroom at school
I Accidentally Called An Elderly Man A Racial Slur In A Store
There's a bird somewhere in my house..
playing a game of kickball that ruined my life
giving my coworker a message
tossing my buddy a beer
giving my partner COVID during sexy fun time.
running with my happy puppy
stepping in my dogs poop
jizzing on my best friends wall
Explosive diarrhea landed me in jail
well that didn't go as planned
not rushing through building my PC
unknowingly refusing to lose my V-card with a girl
choosing videogames over a family dinner
reminding my sweetest student of his mom's death
getting high at work.
watching Parasite from 1982 and wondering wtf am i watching.
telling a dead guys family that he lived.
walking home 2 miles home from the gas station without my bike
accidentally revealing that Santa doesn’t actually exist to my 8 year old cousin
bring too versatile of an employee.
walking home for 2 hours in the snow
getting my braces stuck on a popular youtuber’s sweater during a meet and greet
with a depressed patient in the hospital, encouraging her to stay positive.......
getting drunk at my friend's house
deleting a 4 year old Reddit account.
marinating a steak in fabuloso
giving myself a new intimate haircut, kid saw and asked about it at the most inconvenient time.
making a joke in the wrong place.
forgetting my towel
peeing on my bedroom floor.
making the air unbreathable in my small apartment while a stay at home order is in place
Have a bloody good New Year
eating a baby's butt stuck with poo
yelling at some random lady
using my Apple Pencil in bed
getting caught by my girlfriends dad
accidentally death gripping my junk mid climax
becoming extremely overweight to look like Peter Griffin
when I bought weed
making it look like I peed in my hospital gown
having sex with my stepsister and then my dad
thinking I have phimosis
telling a thick and heavy cute girl she would be hungry soon.
assuming joints would work
getting my parents divorced
being a persistent POS
17M) by saying “I know you need a hug” instead of “do you (17F) want a hug?” (my intention)
sending my mom a weird ass picture.
punching myself in the face whilst trying on a dress.
putting the CEO of my job on hold
making a woman think I was suicidal
saying to my bf that at least I will celebrate new year's eve with my father
inserting Jalapeño Cheddar Cheetos into my eyes
trying to show up early for a lasagna dinner
accidently posting an NSFW link on MS-teams
my vacation to Taiwan
driving in the rain
I need advice
taking my double decking friend to a work colleagues party.
yelling at my husband over the phone because he ate my breakfast
pissing in my own asshole outside of a daycare
Big Time, I think-
sending nudes to my crush.
being a Muslim.
Telling My BF I Was Picturing His Dad While Making Out.
getting a bookmark
falling in love with my roommate
having sex with my best friends mom several times
dating a fake person and realising this a year later
accidentally handing over a promotion to someone else
not farting in front of my GF
having my pants down in my room
person I hired for SEO is cyber attacking me with 600+ BAD backlinks per day!
being a stereotypical Ignorant American, by accident.
not listening to my mom and now being stuck in a different country.
getting both me and someone else banned from one of the only servers we could join in an obscure multiplayer game that almost no one plays.
binging Shark tank with the flu.
not locking my bedroom
Trying To Climb Through My Girlfriend's Window
“I’m not going to put it in your mouth”
trying to workout.
calling my girlfriend's mother mentally disabled
Fucking
using dark humour
smearing chili juice alll over my goodies
mentioning furries in front of my little brother
Vegas woes
sending a pedophile rape fantasy to my professor
calling a 16 year old minor “fine”.
riding a horse
washing my sheets before remembering my hookup is coming over tn 🤦🏻‍♀️
almost deleting my entire game library
wearing an inappropriate shirt to class and derailing my entire presentation.
writing happy Valentine's in my mother's day card 🙈
Almost Getting Ejected from Church
forgetting that I was sharing my screen with a student
uploading my baby nude on instagram
licking my wife then wearing a dust-mask the next day
putting hand sanitizer up my butt
This girl recorded us video calling and masturbating and then attempted to blackmail me
knocking and entering without waiting to be invited in.
Wife travels and don’t want to look at porn
almost burning the house down
giving my sister syphilis...
This year I fucked up by getting back together with my ex
when I forgot I was not alone and got caught splurting the brogurt by my cousin
having unprotected sex
putting a cow in a canal
only using one hairtie before an important interview
Accidentally deleted my Minecraft city
sharing a cat video which resulted in a break-up
being accidentally xenophobic to an old friend whom i met after 4 years.
not finishing a course
Accidental Racism
yawning
Looking at Reddit NSFW and forgot to use VPN
failing to ask for a job reference in time
spending 51 years with an unknown wheat intolerance
im prolly goin to jail
forgetting to change my utterly retarded whatsapp profile pic before the Stanford interview
dropping rent in the rent box instead of hand delivering it
pronouncing wrong way
not bribing my key with me to shower
Evex.pro i'm here.
Told a woman I hadn't seen since high school she "didn't change at all."
being to anxious
being an edge lord near my mom
dating the bosses daughter
throwing a plate in the trash and forgetting to flush
Today I fucked up my flashing our local PSI my knickers (Police Sub Inspector)
nearly crapping blood in front of the governor general of Australia
destroying a tv
Today I fucked up by trying to train my dog in English.
BUY TRUSTPILOT REVIEWS
eating free pie
bu yoloing my entire life savings on Trump's "guaranteed" victory.
trying to swim to a mini island on a lake.
thinking I was getting gas for $1.
being the best dad and taking my daughter's to build a bear.
letting a moth in.
not being the only male in a six person orgy
streaking at our vacation rental and locking myself in between two doors (separate incidents within a 24 hour period)
replying to a girl who I thought was messaging me specifically but later realized it was in FUCKING GROUP CHAT!!!...FUCKkkkk!!
agreeing to step in for someone doing the 200m event at my school's sports day
buying an f/4 camera lens as a brit
accidentally emailing my co-workers a chapter of my pornographic Avengers fan fiction.
Ordering a Pint of Guinness in Dublin
giving false information by saying that a guy in our school has coronavirus symptoms
In the last day of competition
opening porn in the middle of my university class on the first day back
trying to write very unconvincing fictional incest erotica and posting it in r/
getting sympathy scammed out of my last £30 in front of my son at a anti racism protest.
mixing chemicals together in science
not going to the dentist
I tried to keep up with a lurcher
peeing when I woke up
letting my friend acess my furry reddit.
Free training and website
I'm a mess.
snooping on my then-girlfriend's phone
eating popcorn
I stepped on a peice of glass
exploring my high school campus, getting caught, ripping my hand open and needing stitches
My cat jumped in the toilet full of poop!!!!
overestimating my caffeine tolerance
in work by ringing a random number wrote on a railing.
buying Toblerone.
torrenting without a VPN.
ignoring my body's inability to process lactose...
spraying my cat with my bidet
with the pretty girl
pretending to be vegan
ominously threatening a young woman
ordering pizza online
coming off racist to the neighbors
matching my cousin on a dating app and then sleeping with her
Awkward Breakfast
piercing a friend
outing myself in front of my homophobic teacher AND the whole class
making a post to
my friend fucked up
getting an innocent man arrested.
telling my class I'm going to be a cam-girl.
telling the girl I’m dating that I’m visiting my ex’s parents
shitting my pants in front of my boyfriends mom
eating coffee grounds
Nut
hanging with a Pedo and not telling anyone.
making someone thing I was stockpiling because of Coronavirus
forgetting my vibrator in the bathroom
insensitivity pestering my friend, who is grieving over the loss of a family member, about band competition results without offering condolences
changing the toner
nearly having sex on top of my cat
walking into a stranger’s apartment in a Kung-Fu Panda speedo.
I didn’t know his name
Dad sent a sext to family group
getting fake nails
roller skating during quarantine
accidentally practising black magic
having police break into my room
By trying to be environmentally conscious
letting my 2nd grader listen to the radio before school
questioning the likeness of leprosy, leprocauns and Irish jigalos with my parents and nan.
thinking with my dick and forgetting my rectum
losing some work pics in my brother’s laptop
making my religious neighbors believe a saint is unhappy with them
writing a completely misleading clickbait title for karma
letting a pedophile into my apartment and offering him tea
when I called out the mods of this sub
trying to purchase gin on my 21st birthday (as one does)
(#) snitching on myself
renting a bike with bad suspension and temporarily paralysing myself
looking at my gmail for a contest
being dyslexic
walking downstairs to see my parents doing it.
shining my phone flashlight at my « sleeping » sister
not admitting i had jerked off (NSFW)
mistakenly getting into a stranger's house rather than my friend's
skipping lunch
“assaulting” a drunk girl
lucid dreaming about being mega sized and destroying a city and cumming in my sleep
giving the impression i was jacking it
and learned the difference between Twitter and Reddit…
Nsfw foreplay gangbang
throwing rocks at someones car?
sitting the wrong lecture
almost telling my parents about being bi.
calling a friend in middle school deceased father ugly
¿Cual es la situacion mas rara en la que la cagaste?
By leaving my keys in the worst place...
leaving my teeth on the table
waxing my lady bits while drinking scotch
listening to the beat of a song, and not the words.
pissing while my crush was driving buy
giving my (26M) girlfriend (23F) a second chance
accidentally letting my uncle's dog free
shaving my asshole and making myself constantly horny
completely killing the mood during sex with my laughter
Sending Flowers
Wirkung with a broken toe
blowing my girlfriend a kiss
getting too lewd with someone.
telling my best friend how much I'm making at the job he got me.
doing coke on Friday and having a first date Saturday
asking my straight crush out on a “platonic date”
this was actually twenty years ago
mistakenly giving sweet and sour sauce to a customer when he asked for BBQ
UPDATE:  giving some extra effort in the bedroom and sending my wife to hospital
thinking coffee grounds were chocolate muffin crumbs
writing my math exam in pink
Bike And I dont like the fence too much
Today my brother fucked up
encouraging my little cousin to kill someone
trying to do the splits
having sex with a former soccer player who I used to coach.
thinking that R/would be recent FUs and not just karma grabbing stories told years later over and over again.
ordering two slices of beer
buying dildos.
By trying to masterbate with cooking oil.
making a black man uncomfortable on a train making a black man uncomfortable with my idiocy
putting a pizza in the oven and not hearing the timer or telling anyone.
doing pushups.
holding in a sneeze.
pushing so hard while trying to poop that i literally leaked brain liquid out of my nose
not recognizing Paul McCartney
going into my basement
telling a roomful of my relatives a racist joke
cutting my fucking leg open
borrowing neighbor’s shower
nearly freezing to death half naked
going to the doctor with 23 butt plugs inside
sleeping in my brother’s room and getting scared
catfished?
Teaching a cat to open doors.
making a pulled pork recipe with a lot of peppers and scratching myself NSFW
telling my parents my cat isn’t fat.
not showering for 3.5 days
My wife left me.
For Greeting A Kind And Charming Man From The Other Side Of The Fence
declining a live chicken being given to me
asking google to fuck me
skipping a warning in a video
I accidentally convinced my brother to eat batteries
sending abusive messages to guy that I ghosted
being seen as a monster
lying a lot about myself to a close friend in my hometown, for a decade, and I don't know how to come clean.
Not thinking before picking up one of my kids
adding a girl from Tinder on Snapchat.
not understanding different kinds of lube
Today i fucked up by being careless and being suspected as a terrorist.
realizing I sold a piece of artwork for a fraction of its value.
selling BlackBerry when it was at $7
Pissing in My Girlfriend’s mouth during head.
sort of forging my Professor's email.
paying attention to my phone and not listening to the super hot waitress.
missing a chance to finally make some friends
helping my girlfriend to cook and now my crotch is on fire!
not seeing an insect infestation
TOFU by eating gas-station tofu
going on the roof to pull trees.
wearing the wrong thing
accidentally leaving my earphones in the washing machine
giving a restaurant worker a $50 bill
My fingernail got caught in my zipper
going outside crossdressing with my boyfriend
not thinking about what I'm singing along with.
yelling "Im gonna get an erection mahn" at my teacher during my zoom meeting
donating my eggs and not getting paid for it
I told a Stanley cup champion to go back to school
discovering first hand, the feats that people’s colons are capable of.
not knowing the meaning of a word.
waiting too long to take a shit (did not shit my pants)
not being careful while moving my dying dog
continuously releasing gas in front of my parents
making my friend think I like to smoke weed too.
Diarhea + Pool...
letting my girlfriend's friend's confuse me
not paying attention to my math exam due date
Eating Ice Cream Cake
trying to buy a decent gift
Misreading Directions and Roofie-ing Myself with ZzzzQuil
asking my mama regarding a time I screwed up
forgetting my reusable water bottle at home
sending a recording of me peeing to my husband's friends.
T (my friend) FU by putting a "nose guard" on his face not realizing it was a nut cup
taking the dog for a walk that resulted in me vomiting in my mask
typing cock instead of cook.
going in the grocery store with balaclava and bandana on, and forgetting my spare airsoft pistol in my backpack
making a joke about a coworker browsing Tinder at work
leaving my phone unattended in class
playing the Soviet national anthem during my orchestra class.
jacking off with my friends good lotion
catfishing my sister
being jumpscared by porn
Paying My Verizon Bill Twice
NSFW  masturbating.
accidentally cumming on my mom.
switching my coffee milk
Pls help me, "NTFS FILE SYSTEM"
buying the season pass for a game I don't own
keeping water next to my bed.
Got a good one and kinda need advice
leaving the house with no money
I by calling HR "Retards"
asking my partner for consent over a hot mic
Thinking My Teenager Was Seriously ill.
taking a shortcut to the bus station
did a dumb thing in my art class
watching the office with my window cracked
getting dressed in the bathroom
going beyond boundaries and almost ruining a friends marriage
making myself a sandwich
accidentally being racist
stealing 20 liters of beer in a foreign city
wanting to show my mother my cat in my jacket
and almost got sent home for having a high temperature
throwing a blue shell at myself
slicing my vagina open at work
allowing sexy time
triggering an angry clown
Kissing my ex on New Years
Cancelled an order too late
eating the rest of the ice cream, buying a replacement tub and eating it down to the same level to save myself the shame.
eating pistachios during class.
Embarrassment
trying to teach my dog not to eat poop
Attention all Lesbian mudhuts crackspackle wiener toads 🥸🥸🥸
I taught my toddler to road rage
Introduced myself with the wrong name
thinking of something funny and ruining sexy time
having keys to both my parents' and my sister's places
not telling my SO about a funeral
going to my friend’s birthday party
shoving acid up my butt
getting a VR headset for $200
licking my wife's butt in the shower, and cutting myself NSFW
accidently poisoning my dog
Today I realized that I f-ed up for 13 years
doing a celebratory dance after someone's death.
aSas
Called the teacher the n word
cutting my own hair when originally not having planned on doing so and sleepy as heck
selling a TV.
using a Bidet at my boyfriend's parents' house.
using unintentional innuendo
I arrested the wrong person
I clogged the toilet but not at my house.
posting a CopyPasta into a live video call with classmates and teachers
nearly killed someone with a sword
being a terrible step mom
TIFI by convincing 15 kids to eat grass, then puke
messing around with the keyboard
commenting on a picture of friend's special needs son.
nearly burning myself ( and my school )
trying to reestablish a relationship with my son
Go Green Go Silent Go Electric - it would be fun they Said
reconnecting with my father and hoping for a happy ever after.
being caught chanting something very racist
only just learning how to say my ex's name after 5 years
ignoring social cues
I thought George Floyd was Stephen Jackson
Got ghosted for the first time
getting stuck in sand up to my shoulders
accusing the real estate agent of leaving bloody footprints in my flat (and failing to come up with a better excuse for my mistake)
farting during my sister's online class
I updated reddit
watching a suicide and laughing
saying I raped Angela to my Parents
selling my little brother for $17 to someone in Taiwan
shitting really loud during a company meeting
laughing when my teacher said Suck It
Sir I just walked into your office like i was 90
using DuckDuckGo
leaving a sex toy on the table.
showing my young cousin nude white women
forgetting my passport
Frying my Cousin's Computer Build
He's Just Not That Into You
touching someone not cool with being touched
essentially murdering my girlfriends entire self image.
too nervous to ask, messed up my car!Too nervous to talk to someone, messed up my car
accidentally tipping 100 dollars
lying to my kids we’d have a fun time at a strip club
my life by lying to my parents about studying because of my depression
reading a post
having a wet dream about Curious George (I'll explain)
putting my dick in a dvd
taking a shit while ordering food
trusting a cheap Chinese toy to do my business (NSFW)
removing my own ingrown toenail (only part of my toenail)
breaking my arm out of boredom
multiple times by letting my child cook chickenless chicken from tik tok.
Itchy nuts
macing a dog and now I feel bad
not seeking help for my mental health issues- leading to bloody shits for 3 years, 3 fingers up my ass, a colonoscopy, blood tests.. all cuz my undiagnosed anxiety was causing it.
AITA for potentially messing up my friends wedding?
calling my girlfriend stupid for voting third party
Chromecasting my special time.
commenting on a r/Porn post
going swimming with my family wearing a white bikini
i lost my fgo account
making a woman get off at the wrong bus stop.
getting a cookie book instead of a Covid test
taking two of my medication
picking hot peppers
Ghost text
shoving my massive 11 in cock into my hot gamer wife's pussy
writing a song in my notebook
Forgot to clear out the keef collector before I threw out my old grinder
watching vrporn while being a 27 year old male in parents house.
I didnt get the joke
not looking up a cosmetic procedure properly beforehand and having to call in for being "stung by a bee" - went home looking like a love child of ET and a bull frog
not considering what would happen if my neighbors didn't get rid of their dog. NSFW
Mistaking some obvious vibes.
unintentionally flirting with a male coworker, and now it’s awkward and im hurt***
leveraging a rusty needle into my eye
trying to channel my life experience into a response to a (24M) asking if he had overreacted by cursing out his girlfriend.
putting deep heat on my balls on pissing in a sock
almost killing myself by injuring my nuts.
eating the extra kitkat...
punching a girl in the face...
accidently leaving a note in my desk for my teacher saying I hope (teachers name) you choke on a condom and die.
leaving my cellphone connected to the speaker
I (28m) Lost the love of my life over a text
telling a friend I'll see her at her wedding day
Smoking weed for the first time
not putting paper in a folder
putting hair removal cream on my balls
seeing my friends and cousins nudes on my phone
shaving my pubes in the shower and then jacking off.
not shooting my shot
Slapping m' Boi During Play Time
making an asian squinty eye joke
knocking myself out in a hotspring and almost losing a front tooth.
renting out a room in my house to not feel so lonely, then getting a huge crush on my new roommate
proving antimaskers are stupid
i let my boss know my porn cache folder
Family Friend Gets to Excited
crying uncontrollably at a social gathering
pocket dialling the police
Seeking for a loyal submissive
i am Horny
making face masks that look like they're already infected...
accidentally spoiling the last of us 2 for myself and my friend
the wrath of god is upon me
not putting on panties before going outside to say hello to guests
Scared the whole management staff and my boss!!
calling my boyfriend over to see a meme right after sex, causing him to stub his dick on the wall
saying "a cuckhold" several times in a meeting.
blocking my ex for the second time.
Not Clicking “Confirm Purchase”
I ALMOST SET MY HOUSE ON FIRE AND POSSIBLY BLEW MY ROOM UP
letting an eight-year-old play Skyrim
not backing up my computer
old turkey broth...
playing games after helicopter parents got a notification that I got 22/30 on the first homework assignment of the year.
not going to the toilet after school...
showing my parents an “adult” video
returning an fully functioning oven
saying “I hate Jews”
leaving my phone in random places.
Meeting a Stranger to have Sex in Public
leaving a behemoth behind
having a radar for people that interest me and stalking a crush acc
Going On With The Show... and ended up barfing my guts out on stage.
inadvertently telling my English teacher a sex joke
trying to do something good for my family!
with my sister in law
Husband and I hooked up with pastor's wife explaining which is a more painful death
almost getting my BFF's BF shot dead
making a calzone and playing my ps4 while my cat taste tested.
my proposal.
walking up to some middle schoolers aftger work and staring shit.
locking my keys in my car
having an intervention talk with my alcoholic dad, ended with him going out for a drink
being lazy about taking my dog out
flooding a Trump Hotel bathroom
thinking I have Corona, I'm actually just stupid
talking about the poop knife non-stop during a job interview
putting my earbuds in my pocket
not clearing my camera roll before handing my phone to my colleague
drinking too much water in my newfound sobriety
sugar + me and my friends = trouble MWAHAAHAHAHAHAAHHHHAA
ruined family's front porch with tomato sauce curse words
hooking up with an ex and ruining the song “Put your head on my shoulder” forever.
not looking at my belongings and not understanding spanish
hanging with a buddy, getting baked and eating an old chicken sandwich, breaking my favorite bong, and getting food poisoning.
saying orgasm in front of my super religious aunt
talking during my girlfriend’s driving exam
“The Mandy Story”
doing my job!
trying to win a contest
hitting a bus just by walking without looking (srry for bad English)
celebrating my biggest legal win
bringing my 13 year old brother both me to the mall
during my Google Meeting
showing my assistant a few subreddits
swiping left on Tinder on Halloween Night.
talking like a boomer to a guy I like.
resting my arm on the extractor fan above my stove
accidentally slipping and falling while naked and accidentally having amazing sex with a hot MILF (NSFW)
...now that I have your attention:
encrypting my financial documents.
trying to recreate a csgo animation with a recently sharpened Bowie knife
trying to grow more beard.
Alcohol and home alarms dont mix
teaching my toddler to metal sing baa baa black sheep
eating a tablespoon of table salt.
Being Me and Being Annoyed
giving myself a paper cut while tonging the glue strip of a rolling paper for the purposes of making a marijuana cigarette.
typing too fast
I cooked my back because I was impatient and I ate Cheese...
getting into my car
missing my CPR course
severely underestimating the zeal of the wind in relation to my dress.
asking Reddit for advice.
trying to get in a customers house with crazy ace Ventura hair!
Peed Myself Visiting Future In-laws
Overcommitting
knocking out my fiancée
taking a shit, not flushing, then Masturbating and getting caught
putting my faith in humanity.
today i fucked up by being bffs with a p*do ?
talking to a female co-workers.
not reading the TOS
downloading roms
landing in the ER after knocking myself TF out trying to hook up.
shooting goo on the loo
killing my husband's boner with a Reddit comment
thinking I knew Spanish
assuming sexuality
holding my shit in for a week
Catching Bees
Suggested increasing diversity on board of directors. Didn't go well.
Being blackmailed
SHOOTING my teacher with a pen!
pretending to be an expert on construction machinery
trying to cook bacon for the first time
Accidentally stopped ten people from doing their job for 2 hours
extinguishing a joint on my scrotum.
accidentally getting high in front of my family on Christmas morning
being a little idiot
beating my meat too damn hard
thinking someone stole my phone
trying to get some sleep
not disconnecting the dollie from the train and pulled up on the eye with all my strength. RIP my back.
buying games
trying to change a cartilage piercing too early
playing football with a kid.
and the rest of the year
going into a job interview with dog piss all over my sleeve.
lashing out at my older cousin who I love more than anyone else
Just a little something for you guys ;)”
walking a dog and getting the cops called on me
taking too long to make a decision
when i went to fetch some water in the middle of the night.
thinking I was getting a promotion at work and made a complete fool out of myself.
trying to find lube in the dark
giving a Vietnamese child an English name
going to a party
saturating my privates in organic peanut butter.
not closing my blinds all the way
losing my room key and making things worse
apparently going full-underage mode while trying to buy canned wine at 9:30AM
wearing a shirt that said 'anal rapist' to meet my best friend's parents.
believing the "low clearance" sign
making an Instagram account, accidentally sparking a malware investigation.
not realising it was someone’s first time smoking weed, and ruining them.
I got a 30 day Zuckbook ban for a typo
Today I fucked up by scaring away a really good friend.
I'm 21 and beat the fuck out of a drunk 58 year old but for good reason
cockblocking my sister (I'm male), without knowing we were sharing the same person
pressing the home reddit button while being way down and took me to the beginning
getting my cat launched by my mom
telling HR my dog died to avoid getting fired. It didn’t work
pooping next to my gf
posting an r/ouija post that forced me to eat my family.
reading about a caver who got trapped upside down and died
setting my exes pussy on fire
buying a book for a computer langauge which isnt in use anymore
ordering 80€ of food on Uber Eats
coughing while I pulled my mask down
trying to go on vacation with my wife and friends.
sending nudes while stoned.
accidentally tagging the owner of a major furry site instead of using the hashtag I had intended
sending the kiss emoji to my boss
helping a funeral director
I peeled have my nail off and ended up at the ER
thinking my neighbor was going to kill me
Target destruction
dropping poopy TP into next stall.
watching Queen's Gambit in the wrong order (no spoilers)
pushing my car down a hill into my parent's car.
breaking a row of bongs thanks to Christmas
thinking I was doing awesome with a girl I met online.
joining
opening reddit. opening reddit.
using perfume where I shouldn't
conditioning my snake to thinking it was food time and him having a hunch on my girlfriend.
calling my boyfriend “grandpa”
texting my boss accidentally about a mishap at work
wishing death to my grandpa
forgetting to ask for her name and number
another Vera died
being caught masturbating
seeing a prostitute, and now she wants to be my girlfriend.
making meringue cookies
forgetting what day it was
selling a coin 24 hours too early
forgetting to wash my travel mug and setting off a rancid explosion in my bed
because I tried to put my credit card into the check deposit slot at an ATM.
not reading an email thoroughly enough
flushing hemorrhoid wipes
answering the phone in my female voice
USING A USB I SHOULDN'T HAVE TOUCHED.
helping my girlfriend's 7yo daughter choose a Valentine's Day card without reading it properly!
putting a daycare on lockdown
almost killing my girlfriends cat
having sex with my girlfriend's twin
being way to efficient.
Took a huge crap in my bosses bathroom and it won’t flush
having my family think I got kidnapped
dropping a glass thermometer
getting myself banned from r/aww for reposting too many times
crazy dancing in front of a window with my neighbor watching
losing my giant penis statue
naming my vibrator Fabritzio
leaving my computer with my furry fan-fiction on.
jamming an ethernet cable into my family's WIFI router and getting it stuck
ruining a perfect first date by slapping guy in the face
blasting Hentai sounds next to my mother
forgetting how to count money at a job that requires me to know how to count money.
making my best friend realize she was dating her dad...
My girlfriend wouldn't have sex with me so I made her watch me masturbate
shaving half of my eyebrows off
revealing my suicide plans to a friend
not washing my hands after eating ghost pepper chips
not knowing what happens to cum in the shower.
Failed to ask someone out and now they are with my bsf somehow
r/ accidentally rejecting a girl...
forgetting my Aunt's photo frame in the bathroom.
joining in with my girlfriend's family messing around with her dad's Amazon Echo.
not eating before getting bloodwork.
having a "weird" picture as my email profile picture for a decade
trying to act cool
sending my friend a meme
getting doo poo on my face.
accidentally throwing a rugby ball in my step moms’ face at full speed
inadvertently making a racist comment and practically running out of Staples
eating Satan’s breakfast.
making sex joke at school
choking and stabbing my husband to near death, causing me to loose my family heirlooms
[wrong text :| _
my chances with the most and only dateable woman in this piece of crap town
figuring out a locking mechanism failure in my car
Sending a Consensual Lewd Photo
My "Nasty Secret"
not muting the TV while making out
breaking the plastic cover of one of my computers cables
conditioning my cat to associate me with the smell of marijuana
not hiding my vibrator well enough.
Today I fucked up by picking my nose on a video call.
changing the diaper
asking about our home leading to my parents filing for divorce
inserting the wrong input into a mother server ignatitantor
mentioning Ashley Madison infront of my 9 year old cousin
SEX with a mom
Acidently gave my English teacher sex adviceI’ve been getting tons of scam calls.
not going to the Canadian Amazon
changing my iPhone contact image to the guy in the huge penis prank
calling my dad whore and annoying on the same day
not waiting long enough for the edibles to kick in
using shampoo while masturbating
I fucked up by butt dialing my interviewer
Christmas gift gone wrong
spoiling Star Wars for a friend
linking my phone number to my Twitter account
eating a whole weed brownie
telling the tale of Darth Plagueis the Wise
watching John Wick
stepping on a lightbulb
accidentally wearing a see-through shirt around my boyfriends parents.
thinking something interesting would come
flushing a tampon down the toilet at my inlaw's
going to doctor google for help
masturbating in the same room as my brother
sharing my reddit username
throwing away my blanket while sleeping naked
ordering sextoys...
when I tweeted "being in a interracial relationship doesn't make you a c***!"
talking about butts to my would be English teacher
sneaking into my stepsisters room after watching too many you know what...
accidentally making a racist comment
thinking I got a prank call
climbing a fence.
sending the wrong text
commenting my problems on Facebook
spanking my ass in a FaceTime call with my foreign grandmother
becoming a therapist to the girl I'm seeing.
making my reddit account on the 29th of februari
letting go of my bowels while donating plasma...
rubbing one out too hard
I thought there was a bomb in my house
vomiting in class
getting mac and cheese on my nutsack
suggesting watching childrens movies to my wife
using all my mobile data to download a 1G of Neko Hentai (Neko=Cat/Cat girls)
taking Xanax and telling my friend/roommate that I hope his new puppy dies.
spanking my girlfriend in the kitchen and making her potentially break her toe
fucking myself over trying to troll a FB scammer
getting caught helping most of my class cheat on a hard test
tasting a sauce made of one of the most spiciest peppers, directly
asking someone if they needed to use the restroom
some is running fake Bitcoin giveaway running on youtube live stream by "SpaceX Live" 17k watching and 63K sub to that channel
Had to hike 600mi. from northern Cali to Seattle Washington (hometown in Massachusetts)
Talking by myself in the bathroom when I was 7
not putting pants or a onesie on my kid
accidently showing my student porn
taking Shrooms for first time and watching Midsommer !
having an epic gym session before a blood test, and then ignoring my wife and friends advice.
almost getting an A to ending up with a C
When I let my boyfriend finger me before he washed the jalapeño from his fingers
walking in dogshit
partying at a friends college house and the toilet broke
leaving steel wool in my pocket, and then did laundry
needing a wee.
playing cards against humanities instead of doing school work during lesson
Accidentally sent messages to the wrong person, about that person.
yelling penis as loud as I can
Breaking Three (3) of My Limbs
trying to open a door.
Left party with dignity intact, got home without it
spilling syurup on my phone: a sequel.
scarring my niece and nephew for life
finding my dog's G-spot.
trying to eat in bed while naked. NSFW.
finding a golf ball
putting ice on a vein and not an injury.
merging into almost the very front of a funeral procession on the freeway
eating Sonic for the first time and getting hemorrhoids
being horny around my cousin
sprinkled cayenne pepper in my eyes.
trying to cheat Reddit
twice by making a bad joke during sexy time then making a dumb request
unknowingly planning my own intervention.
pulling out my memories tote.
Today I fucked up and accidentally sent a former faculty advisor and current colleague a pic of a big naked guy.
leaving a cucumber under my bed. Nsfw
having an orthodontists appointment while being a girl
douching my blocked sinus too close to having sex.
literally closing my bedroom door
Shooting My Idealic Relationship between the eyes
getting my hurting back rubbed with fire disguised as a heat cream
nearly breaking my older brother's girlfriend's laptop with VRChat
trying helping my grandma use the TV remote... and scalding my crotch in the process.
eating cookies from the freezer
shaking a Sharpie
leaving my funny ringtone on
having a skin drawer in my desk.
wrong reference to wrong person
asking a little boy how fast his toy car can go.
eating too many spicy noodles, then holding in the unholy aftermath.
breaking my vacuum
cursing in front of my whole year on zoom
not wearing sunscreen
showing my exposed ass to my dad
with my bean bag chair
holding my crap for too long , breaking my toilet, and costing my family hundreds of dollars
forgetting the Tooth Fairy
MY RESTAURANT
I ate a hit pepper, wanked the willie and burnt my cock
putting a hole in my septum.
telling my wife she could fuck our neighbor.
because I tried to change people's minds
pitting my siblings against each other and blowing up our family
buying my father scotch
Warm n cool
buying a German Shepard
acusing someone of reposting
telling my grandpa my 21st birthday plans (sensitivity alert, involving legally purchasing a firearm.)
stammering during class
pressing enter...
breath shaming my wife
heading to a Mexican clothing-optional beach
situation
there is a coin in my ass
stinging my coochie on some stinging nettles
poisoning almost all of my school
I got in the wrong car
laughing at my mom
Getting The Nicest Teacher In my Class Mad
accidentally getting shrimp brains all over my fingers.
emailing my junk mail to someone with the same name.
and its one of the worse things that could happen to a person.
realizing I’m an accidental Nazi...oof...
playing with my dad's dick as a child
reading this sub
impregnating my sister and making her think she was adopted
squirting on my bed.
running into my girlfriend with her other boyfriend
not realizing too late how babies are born
coming to class late and asking the lecturer about time
deadlifting with tummy troubles
just realizing i fell for a scam a couple of years ago
almost becoming the next star of sex sent me to the E.R.
having my school think I'm a pervert.
redditing while going to the restroom
touching my girlfriend in an area where she wasn’t yet ready and caused her emotional pain.
My sister overheard a very private conversation about herself
for not helping a damsel in distress
forgetting how we got the couches in our apartment.
using an orange as a fleshlight
giving myself a facial.
giving the GF hickeys on her cheek bones
letting my fiance put a wig on me
My letting someone who dislikes me my greatest weaknesses
abandoning my only taxi rule in Thailand
double tapping a bug
getting a tissue causing me to have hand surgery
Accidentally sent my boss a Letterkenny clip
sending a very embarrassing picture of me into my work groupchat
make making my own buttplug at work
Omegle
making an order on a nonexistent email address
looking at my naked neighbour with binoculars
The was when and eraser went in my ear for three years
trusting my scale.
faking a medical condition to get out of work
having my own version of a waffle stomp
Accidentally Texting My 60yo Mentor Instead Of My Crush
trying to elongate my penis...
cumming so hard I shit myself
not following the washing instructions
not realizing my teens can hear me doing the deed
trying to help the neighbor find her lost puppy
doxing a girl who tried to kill herslef
(maybe) unknowingly downloading notes during an online exam
forgetting my keys
getting stuck in a cornfield
accusing two guys who came to my home to put together a bed I bought of stealing an expensive item hidden in my room
pooping my pants.
setting my penis and balls on fire
skipping school
mixing up classrooms
... Urinating on my testicles... Yuck.
taking a shower after going for a no2
“NSFW] bought a sawzall attachment on my families combined Amazon account after telling them don’t look at it till I get it removed.
farming pests in my house
calling an innocent stranger a sex offender.
Maybe I’m not as Funny as I thought...
having sex with my boyfriend at the wrong time
The Korean girl and the importance of butthole hair!
getting ready for Mother’s Day.
leaving my trimmed pubes in my mates toilet for his girlfriend to find.
mispronouncing the French word for “line”.
breaking a school chair
ruining my husband's christmas gift to me
and ended up with a flight attendant holding my legs up in the air
getting lost in vegas
drinking a ton of milk even though I’m lactose intolerant.
Wanting to go to the Theater on Christmas Eve
** cutting myself on dishes then ignoring the injury it caused.
saying “HELL yeah” when my partner’s mother died
tripping my friend's dad with a skateboard and spilling his coffee on his new car
trying to sneak my girlfriend over for a sleepover.
buying a vape
telling my Teacher I deleted my history.
accidentally swallowing a mouthful of isopropyl alcohol
trying to be funny in an email... to my boss.
insulting a cancer patient
laughing at a handicapped kid.
having an allergic reaction to WATER 💧 (25 F)
inhaling a lump of my own shit and almost dying (NSFW)
locking myself out of my car while it was running
going to the bathroom while on LSD and not verifying if it had toilet paper
pooping in my car
calling a woman a dike
starring at my older brothers girlfriends boobs
being a dumbass and spending the night in jail.
agreeing to a minor medical procedure.
sticking my hand in a hole in the yard.
having morning sex with my girlfriend.
drinking two cups of refreshing tea too late in the day! Now, at 3am, I am WIDE AWAKE!
letting a secret slip.
lighting a firecracker
cracking a raw egg between my stove and counter top
accidentally convincing my wife I had coronavirus
getting way too high and posting it on social media
failing my class twice
for being stupid
Help pls!
being careless
letting my dog eat lube
wearing my favourite pants to an interview
some fun at zoom
eating “flaming hot” chips and then masturbating after.
giving my friend a condom
up by asking a cancer patient if they were in a gang
not closing the men's restroom door behind me
trying to fix someone's phone during the pandemic
Dont make this too big so i dont have to dlt it also
eating the ends off a chicken wing.
talking to a kid in the bathroom.
going on a hike with my dad that ended in a hospital visit.
dying
believing I was contributing to medical science and discoveries in human health for the past two months
telling my friend her Father was still alive.
visually groping an innocent gentleman on the subway.
my toad got into my coffee and my house is now closed off for a team to study
pouring piss all over myself
stretching on my mom's lap and accidentally giving myself muscle strain
sending my friend a birthday gift without asking her her address and now she thinks I'm a creep!
potentially getting caught looking at porn by my mother in law
trying to see if my roommate was okay
moving money into a USD savings account from Canadian without consulting my wife.
Not Knowing How Snapchat Works
helping my son on his Zoom call and giving his teacher a great big eyeful
NSFW - having drunk sex with my fiancé
when I came in my gf (but not bc of it)
my house smells like a Christmas candle exploded
breaking the windshield of a car with a can of pringles
saying the man who plotted forced gender reassignment surgery on my family desired for us to be “transgendered”
I might lose my job for giving unsalable beer to my staff
what do the flairs S M and L mean in this sub
teaching my dad how to find porn on the internet
kissing my cousin
French class
Mom opened my mail
having a crush on my friend
flashing my whole pre-K through 12th grade school
trying to overcook unburst corn kernels
telling my dad there will never be a cure for diabetes
RE: Wedding Woes
eating too many (sugar free) cough drops
giving my friend full access to my computer
sending in the wrong SSN my whole life
saying an inappropriate joke in front of the wrong person.
fake farting in a public toilet
spending extra money a company gave me
accepting a cupcake
missing three days of online school
TIF by Being Around while a Friend Dropped an AirPod
ranting about online classes
going to the bathroom at work
going back to a hotel with a guy
Sought shelter in a garage during a storm and almost died.
almost killing my friend
reposting without noticing
getting a hickey
accidentally tipping my New Years pizza delivery guy $2
not having a threesome
eating super hot chilli, then eating out my wife.
not checking my Reddit DM
sending my girlfriend a poem to try to cheer her up
misunderstanding the Zoom annotation feature
Technically, it was my wife. She said hello to a guy eyeballing us threateningly while walking by our house.
This kinda ruined my night and by kinda I mean like, yeah
confessing to two murders I didn’t commit
cutting the end of thumb off.
eating a grilled cheese
trying to sleep with a 16 year old girl!
giving myself chemical burns on my genitals
accidentally canceling 25 customer orders
popping a boil on a pillow during a sleepover
having anal on my period
insulting a customer and her "Father" for a meeting and made a very awkward hour long appointment.
#1 Forex Trading Course|Best Forex Trading Signals|Mithun’s Money Market
writing my downstairs neighbor a note and leaving it at their door.
making a poop sandwich
when I sent a professional email at work from my personal account named “But Whole”
getting super drunk, clogging my sink, and flooding my basement
holy shit just read
doing door dash
when I got a ruined orgasm from my surprise hangover
sharing my wife's personal info with her 2 least favorite people
forgetting what the interviewer was saying.
possibly having a future problem with an old frenemy.
letting my friend hit my vape
Condom Ripped...Currently Freaking Out
accepting “friends requests” from my colleagues
telling a friend my grandma died last week
pooping in my pants, while I was already on the toilet!
trying to skip Sweet Caroline by Neil Diamond mid shower.
bleeding on my boyfriend...
conditioning myself to be aroused by Japanese men
having RP
being oversmart
getting a google home mini and not muting the microphone.
misspelling the name of my to-be interviewer in the salutation of my cover letter, and it is likely to be addressed in the "Are you detail orientated?" segment of said interview later today.
wanting to see how HIGH I could pee
accidentally breaking a kids glasses, in front of his Year 11 Eshay friends.
telling a rude joke to the wrong person
getting a leg cramp during sex
spilling boiling milk all over my left thigh burning the lower-inner portion of it.
I let the horny size queen in me hijack my usual prudence
Told a blind person I couldn’t see
trying to be nice
ruining a small town festival for generations to come
not sniffing my daughter's fingers before allowing her to stuff them into my mouth
sending an angry text to my friend's mum.
not knowing what “friends with benefits” means
eating the cheese off my friends pizza
hitting my date's car
forgetting that my girlfriend was having surgery.
not sleeping at Night
letting my classmate know our mothers used to be best friends.
being a "shrunk butt" looking up my (18F) crushes (17M) name on Google...
Reenacting the Scene from Taxi Driver
causing my parents' inevitable divorce
The Peanut Butter Incident
deciding to have a Bath
hooking up with girl under the influence of alcohol and now i am afraid she might sue me for rape out of anger
teaching elementary kids about krampus
driving in snow
changing a character’s catchphrase in Animal Crossing
having WAP play on zoom
not getting new tires sooner...
accidentally stealing 24 bottles of Tipp-Ex (white out).
I venmoed 4,000 dollars to a friend when I wanted to venmo 4 dollars
wearing my moms bathrobe...
Shit post... But for real
TIFY by setting wrong alarm cock sound and ruining best moments with my loved ones
What Thing Needs To My Work?
dropping out of college over a girl ( didnt happen today but today I own up to it )
quitting when I was set to be promoted during the pandemic
pretending to play piano by using a song recorder on my electric piano
online school
calling a girls religious outfit a costume.
not fixing the Convertible top and it rained damaging the interior
trying to prove to my friend that the government is eavesdropping on us.
cussing out my professor in an assignment
telling my sister to put her dick in me
not knowing my GF's grandpa died
letting my cats sleep on my bed.
leaving my skirt tucked in behind the elastic, leaving me strolling through town in my underwear.
trying to go to a Church
accidentally making my mom believe that I've been recruited by ISIS
The Fly, The Foreskin &amp; The Fourty Degree Day
not understanding a girl was hitting on me
taking someone’s shorts
breaking my road bike rim at insanely high speeds
butt texting some stickers to a group of 120 parents and students.
buying a shaving machine?
using personalized shampoo/conditioner
taking a triple dose of fiber supplements and drinking cold brew.
Important Points to Know before Outsourcing Order Taking Service
sending my Dad picture of my fiancé’s boobs.
attacking my friend while she was in a vulnerable mindset
eating a chocolate bar while I was masturbating
Squirting hot sauce into my eye
opening this link which my friend forgot to mark as NSFW.
Nice to meet you... Crushes hand.
being a slob and ignoring an ant
huge nicotine boost headache and porch cover in vomit
knocking a butter knife onto my foot
texting a friend that her race was getting eliminated.
ruining my oven instead of cleaning it
almost getting arrested for searching for a plush bunny at 1AM
telling my in laws Employer about his drug habit.
kramering into a shower.
comparing a teacher's eyes to a chameleon's
trying to show off my guinea pig during zoom and making myself look like an idiot
not cleaning my earrings for months
getting caught jacking off
trying to earn money selling nudes
going to the supermarket
(of all things) cumming in a sink by choice
not checking my toddlers nappy before I took it off!
vomiting on a cat
giving my girlfriend a 2nd hand iPad with my personal Apple Account including all my porn bookmarks
mistaking my grandmas ashes by sugar
giving myself two hickeys on both of my nipples
I hit a car, the car didn’t hit me...
getting a sex toy stuck in my ass
getting naked in front of a security camera at work
submitting my Mums erotic novel as my university essay
Stupid blinking.
accidentally having sex with...
started a fantastic new job lots of opportunity and great pay. On my first day, I broke my foot.
trying to Headstand next to my laptop
sending my professor a pdf that has a comment that says wtf
After some romantic, movie style sex.
using acne medication to help masturbate
I Didn't want this but here it comes
getting my colleague and I in trouble with our boss by taping a small sticker on his mouse
farting in the work truck heading to work!
accidently telling an inside joke to a strange
accepting a chat invitation on Houseparty
making my dad get in a wreck
expressing disgust at the idea of babies
eating 80 cough drops in under 6 hours
forgetting a celebrity's name while introducing them in public.
thinking online school was a day before it actually started.
making my RA think I'm on blow
confusing APIs with IPAs
trying to be considerate of other people’s sense of smell.
not changing out my spray bottle for my cat &amp; plants and tasting what was inside of the bottle
I shook hands in a meeting and THEN told everyone I was sick.
I accidentally made a suicide joke...
taking an odd job that led to a family wanting me to sleep with their grandma
accidentally making a shop manikin look like it was holding its nuts.
angering my girlfriend
being courteous
dyeing my kitchen and everything else black
Just want to let everyone know that god loves them - Wrong sub i know, but fuck it
giving myself some sweet chemical burns
letting my boyfriend choke me in front of my father
showing up to class high and fighting with my professor, only to find out she's my new academic advisor
trying to take my cat out for a walk
letting my friend catfish my boyfriend
or more accurately the reddit app is, by unbluring all the NSFW posts on my homepage (NSFW)
SHITTING MY PANTS
thinking my shower drain could handle cum
โต้ง ทูพี น่าร้ากกก โพสต์ทำเครื่องดื่ม แต่มีรูป ปราง กัญญ์ณรัณ รัวๆ
not taking into account that emojis may look different between systems
accidentally texting my uncle instead of my friend about my personal issues
airdropping my nudes to my family’s iPhones.
singing " I am Bin Laden, I will always win" in front of my parents.
opening my garage door
taking far too much acid, freaking out and calling the cops on myself.
shaving my asshole to the nines. not muting myself in an online class
refusing to admit my little brothers are growing
Realizing Something
saying the letter W wrong for thirty years.
mistaking a customer as a young girl’s grandmother, when in fact it was her mother
watching an Irish speeding advertisement and now I can't not break down every time i see a car or hear an Irish accent.
pretty well outing myself to my boss.
Exposing racists, homophobes and sexual abusers at my school
accidentally telling a married man that I’d like to fist him
using a nose hair trimmer to manscape my nether regions (and subsequently revealing one of mankind's greatest secrets on Reddit)
sending a text asking for sex in a group chat with my mom and wife.
not going to the Doctors and getting my Lymes Disease treated
wiping my face with a baby wipe that I just wiped my ass with
telling a classmate I was gay for him in middle school
getting drunk before my alcohol test
using my hands near fiberglass
pretending to be a pedophile in my own discord server
almost castrating myself with a pair of scissors
spilling coffee on my 1 year old macbook
sending an inappropriate message
dislocating my kneecap twice in 1 day
leaving my wet clothes to dry on the wooden chairs in my dining room.
commenting on the thread about calling out the mods.
I got a cap stuck in my asshole 😂
shaving my (22F) face
I Stayed In My Marriage.
not charging my phone
leaving my tabs open :(
having loud sex that my entire apartment complex
tried to have sex in a car with BF and got caught by cops
ruining a surprise anniversary party.
using a throwaway email
outing myself as the ultimate creep
and asked for sex
asking an anti-masker why they don’t wear a mask.
spending $100.00USD trying to get a rare skin for Call of Duty Mobile from bundle crates
TIFI by leaving an oily imprint of my naked body on our hallway wall....and it won’t come off.
offering alcohol to a minor!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit! accidentally slipping out two extra words at the end of a sentence
going to a rave for the first time
eating old rice
washing my hands with water because they had water in them.
going to school in the middle of a pandemic.
eating bad salami
not wiping, losing my squad the game and paying the price
reading about prostitutes at a Catholic wedding
This aint good....
accidentally allowing my cat to chew my used condom
shitting my pants on a date
grabbing my wife's ass.
Today I fucked up by drying my hair with my older sister’s chepa (vagina) towel
and took an Accidental Golden Shower
buying dildos
not mentioning my fingers being trapped in a car door.
Not Paying Attention to Where I was Jumping
stealing a cancer patient's hat
holding a shit in
calling my teacher and “Idiot” (by mistake)
on Valentine’s Day at 730am
Mixed Up Days
having a whale try to eat me
talking about Coronavirus with a customer
and went full Scomo by forcing somone to shake my hand, even though she had a physical disability that prevented her to do such.
ignoring spilled soda at a dance
crying in front of black belts
I’m in love with my friend’s dad, and I think he feels the same.
saying "Thank you" when the compliment wasn't for me
going to Starbucks
scratching my nose 111 times
posting a WhatsApp status about the work.
making out with my mother while both of us were high on weed, and getting caught by my girlfriend.
sharing my screen during on conference call with my squad and SSG
not monitoring the mail.
i scared my boyfriend and hamster
accidentally making it look I had a meth lab (and some stripers with powertools) in my basement on a online reptile hobbyist group.
stealing weed from my dad.
CARING
culturing mushrooms at the foot of my bed
almost choking to death on a vitamin
Cumming in the toilet
almost getting eaten by a whale
being a cuck
taking my cat out off my house
not checking my phone charging cable
doing the helicopter
accidentally a finding out my neighbors are getting divorcedput 99% isopropyl alcohol in ear
letting me (then) gf sleep with other guys
taking a quarterly examination and accidentally sending a picture of it to the group chat with the teacher in it.
breaking my little cousins nerf gun
announcing that my grandmother sent me nudes.
"Sleep-walking-up"
forgetting the name of the girl I was introducing
sending an .. explicit text to a group chat of my bosses
potentially being put on a list
almost killing my friend with a wheelchair
with Fish, Chips 'n' Milk
accidentally revealing my religious beliefs to my in-law.
and received all my pharmacy shopping free of charge
fucking up my phone.
accidentally sending a LONG text to family that shouldn’t have seen it.
submerging my wife’s phone underwater.
I text while being drunk
eating an entire 72 piece bag of Hi-Chews
I had bottom surgery yesterday. Everything went great and now I'm finally done with the whole transitioning phase of being trans. Even bought myself a support shark to help me recover.
I kissed him and like it
buying a ruler on my Aunts credit card
riding the banana too hard and fast.
tricking people into eating a disgusting snack
I donated a graphic novel (very short f up)
showing my uncle my gay hentai collection
swearing On the Air (broadcast radio station)
getting myself "Fleeced"
being manipulative in an online friend group.
taking my girlfriend to watch “Uncut Gems”
Snorting three lines of spice
That one Thumb story I have.
eating dog meat , and then later also heard how it was cooked and am puking now
I don’t know who the father is and they all have strong opinions about what to do with the pregnancy
thinking having everything I ever wanted would make my suicidal thoughts go away.
Nsfw  using a laptop that my mom's Facebook was logged into
working out and not being able to wipe myself after shitting.
telling my coworker that sex with me would cheer him up
installing my new processor
starting something petty that ended with my husband shoving a female to the ground.
eating an entire box of TGI Friday's jalapeno poppers
linking a "how to build a gallows" wikihow article on my company chat client
Today I fucked up by lending a book
dating a guy I didn't like
being someone’s fake friend for over a year in highschool and finally telling them about it so I could finally be honest. I think I ruined their life.
'Losing' my phone whilst speaking on it
wanting to write a schooldesk review on r/italy
keeping myself warm after a shower
not listening to my stoner neighbor clearly and freaking him out.
thanks to multi-tasking and autopilot.
being the same height and shape as my cousin.
with shortening a work computer (second time in 3 months)
trying to change my profile pic on PlayStation
showing a new hire what Reddit was.
Today I'm fucked up.
ripping my bridesmaid dress
using a toothbrush as a cleaning tool
Hitting “Reply” Instead of “Forward.”
not paying attention to the puppy
Helping a blind man.
making a song about wanting to have sex with the president
spending most of my saved school money on Pizza with room mates
I Stupidly Let Mother and Wild Child Use Store Bathroom
eating nuts for the first time in over 5 years.
almost passing out from a smoke
passing out before sex
Update: Re: My sisters affair with her boyfriends dad.
eating too many edibles
I broke an old ladies toilet
ruining my ps4 controllers
wearing new shoes to an exam
having “Me Time” during an earthquake
revealing all of my darkest secrets to a crush, and then harping on how embarrassed I was
unknowingly hooking up with my ex’s best friend
Today I fucked up by getting too involved with my talk about Demon Slayer with my mom to realize I hadn’t put on a mask, and that we were in a public grocery area.
flicking a spider
threatening to kidnap an old man
not paying attention to conversations happening around me
getting drunk and telling off a former manager
wierdo preparation before sex. Sorry for the wall of text.
My poop was so round like PanCake, and it couldn't flush when I was in office.
Calling my friend a joke. Now he is ignoring me
telling multiple people they had dirt on their faces.
Got scammed on donedeal
walking out of a trial shift before they paid me
Mammoth Mistake at Mammoth Campgrounds.
almost melting my hands
joining a work meeting with a picture of shirtless Alex Jones as my background.
telling my whole office I won’t date white women again
making brownies and being a dumbass
being - "Not Ugly"
more like last night, but...
showing a nice cock poster in front of my entire class
accidentally soliciting myself and friend as prostitutes.
I gave my unlocked phone to my bf’s ten year old daughter. Where she somehow immediately found my sex toy app.
when I joined the wrong class.
making the girl I liked think I enjoy smoking weed too
eating a bunch of Carolina Reaper wings on an empty stomach.
not realising my soundbar was covered in plastic
going to Disneyland with my (ex) girlfriend while being underage
Pavloving myself during a newborn baby visit
buying an $800 ticket for $7,000
sending a link to the wrong person
accidentally making a bunch of kids call one kid a gay sex term
accidentally playing footsies w a guy who I know has a foot fetish
not reporting someone ASAP
over-diagnosing a car.
telling people at work I was the queen of vaginal infections.
Telling My Store Manager To Sit Down And Shut The F Up
realizing I ate orange dog poop off my shoe when I was 7
puncturing a pallet of spray paint with a fork lift.
well anniversary of I broke a glass and now have permanent retinal scars.
blowing up my cpu by forgetting to switch OC profiles
drinking too much apple juice.
accidentally getting my scrotum squashed by the toilet seat cover because I needed to poop badly
when I share nudes with the same girl as my friend.
making my Dad punch a stripper in GTA and tearfully ask God for forgiveness in front of my entire family.
leaving my laptop open
picking up the wrong cat
reading hentai in front of my mom
wanting to bang on the recliner
calling my crush's dad "this"
calling my Mom (NSFW)
needing to destress during my midterm while leaving the camera on
running out of toilet paper
sexting my brother
By tubing into a downed tree
pooping on my boyfriend crawling out of my friend's mom's bedroom without knowing she came home.
trusting an untrusty toot.
not letting anybody see me with my ma mask off
having out of date milk with cereal (warning, might make you feel ill)
My Cousin Or The Summer Of Awakening
thinking my hearing selectively blocks singing
Bailing Out My Meth Head Cousin
pissing on my neighbors house
misreading the timings of my online class.
Today I fucked up by listening to my friend and searching 'how to join the IRA' as a joke
misinterpreting a text from my mom
Accidentally grabbed my teachers ass
getting concussed from a cat
eating cat food
pranking my friend allergic to nuts
Drain Cleaner in Eye
sending my mom a picture of me holding my diploma
accidentally training my dog to shit on my neighbor's lawn.
washing my sheets.
asking my 100% deaf born girlfriend of 2 years if she'd ever played BopIT.
No glove, no love
telling my Father I have used Marijuana Edibles in what was probably the worst way to do so.
making a video call between my wife and her boss awkward
Uncle daddy vs bad kids whooping him
my airbnb house cleaner saw my dick
This year i fucked up
telling my crush I liked him to early
Working at the election center
running “ sudo chown -R ohBoi / “
making my grandmother laugh
grabbing my best friend's penis in front of the entire school.
sending nudes to a random girl on the internet
I found to much about how my dad spends he’s “personal time” when I tried to help him
ending a dry spell while hurt (NSFW)
stepping on my cats tail
almost texting a parent a nude
getting a child told off and made them cry.
having horrible eye sight and a massive phobia of spiders and large bugs
putting a suppository in the wrong hole
asking how the school bully’s dog was doing.
not scheduling an Orthodontist appointment before quarantine.
leaving flavoured condoms on my grandma's sofa
I was the reason my girlfriend found out her parents are in foreclosure, and now her family hates me and is borderline falling apart.
leaving work early because I felt a bit groggy.
This was funny at the time but the aftermath is not good.
I went exploring in Eugene, Oregon and found a neat cemetery.
laughing at my friend getting abused and almost killing himself
betting $50 I could lick THREE entire party size bags of Doritos Spicy Nacho
For many years, I have been unknowingly asking couples if they eat pussy!
Today I fucked up by betting my friend that he wouldn't lay 5 girls by the end of the month
TIFUI confessed my dark secret to my sibling but I regret it
ordering an appls pie at McDonalds.
walking in a creek by the river
Today actually my cat fucked up.
I set my oven on fire by cleaning it.
when sawed all the way across my beer pong table.
simping for a girl to get my heartbroken
watching High School DxD in class
sleeping with wet hair and giving myself dandruff for 15 years.
sending my Grandmother a video of Butter Dog.
playing a video of my cats
shooting the wrong arrow
going to the strip club
and probably ruined someone's wedding.
showing an apple employee my dick.
clogging the school pool filter
setting the wallpaper on my personal laptop and ending up with a 10 month jail sentence.
I feel scummy
sleeping really sweaty next to my gf
smoking spice (happy ending)
Today I fucked up by getting my dog high
making pasta
i steped on nail
saving my girlfriends resume without double checking the new file.
doing a tarot card reading for my superstitious friend
getting robbed and swindled out of all of our money on my first day of vacation in Paris with my GF
making my dog go hungry for no reason
being broke.
trying to kill a bug with a sword
not checking who I pressed send too
for saying the wrong things to my partner which I didn’t mean and she thought of...
listening to music while I slept
telling a girl to go to Señor Frogs
going viral
believing my new friends about a college tradition
taking a DNA test and getting my parents divorced.
proposing sexytimes to my wife and traumatizing our child.
lacerating my anus bleed at work
throwing around a flaming alcohol wipe
provoking my drunk Friend
Refilling a detergent bottle with a completely different chemical
telling my girlfriend (23F) what my record was for masturbating in one day.
debate with friend. When is it acceptable to kick a guy in the balls?
blowing into the nozzle of SUPERGLUE
By forgetting I F’d up years ago, and doing something naive, and hurtful. Karma is a B word.
talking out loud to myself
accidentally making my friend's dad buy him a new car
telling someone I deeply care about, I didn’t care how my actions made them feel.
taking shrooms for the first time and watching Midsommer
asking google the wrong question
causing a toilet clog at my girlfriend's house that ended up lasting for 8 hours.
UPDATE: Not answering a call from jail
grabbing spicy seasoned salt instead of an alcohol pad
getting drunk last night and I'm paying for it today.
Wearing glasses while playing Volleyball
leaving discord open while I took a walk.
By watching porn while my phone was connected to sisters speaker
ordering only Papa Johns pizza instead of Dominos
making a joke at the end of my job interview
getting nosy while looking for lightbulbs sending a picture of my sweaty nutsack / toilet bowl with poop in it to my entire sales team.
Just cost my company a good amount of money
Buying Girl Scout Cookies
Married then divorced. Then he tried coming back...gone again. me f(33) him M(39)
waving hello to my asthmatic coworker
teaching my kid how to train cats.
piercing my own nipples
talking about my friend's problems to his GF
walking into class 40 mins late
accidentally ordering pregnancy test kits to my parents' house
mixing up Walmart and Cost-Co
litterally by fucking a butt plug up my GF's ass.
my walking in on my very new friends about to have sex
Customizing my Wife's iPad
accidentally letting my parents find my body pillow..
playing fallout 4
and created pain by choosing a movie based on length rather than content.
ignoring the signs of a rip current when there wasn't a lifeguard at the beach
lying about whose gum that was
complaining about my arm
Accidentally Putting a Call on Speaker
announcing I was going to "get on that ecstasy" in the grocery store and almost getting arrested
pepper spraying a roach
not locking the door and cracking my laptop screen
Drinking The Night Before Work With 2 Hours of Sleep Then Forgetting The Keys to The Coffee Shop I Work at Home
requesting a Venmo for “Contract: Osama Bin Laden”
bringing my phone with me into the ocean
trying to be social at work
cleaning my glasses then taking a piss
Like around 10 years ago today) by being clueless about a girl wantinf to date me ( Yeah, original but hear me out...) (Also fair warning, Omega Gargantuan Long post so yeah...)
jerking off next to my girlfriend and now she thinks I'm cheating on her
for promising to buy my friends dinner
Probably worst fuckup you guys will ever see :/
bursting out laughing at a prayer on a Christmas Eve dinner
By accidentally drugging myself.
accidentally calling my Landlord while high
climbing my dorm building
LPT : Got many items from the grocery store but I forgot my money
playing this video
almost breaking my friend's finger
having the Rollercoaster to hell
Alexa why
telling my Girlfriend’s Dad that our relationship was in decline and I would be asking his permission to have an affair.
inviting my folks to my wife’s family Christmas
Thought I just accidentally hit my lip, what actually happened is more painful and long lasting.
confusing sweetbread and sweet bread
typing a distasteful password into a zoom chat
I was exposing federal corruption within my own federal probation officer’s office. They warns me to stop, I didn’t. They framed me for assaulting a federal officer and I went to federal prison.
By letting my cousin on my fortnite account.
becoming violently ill while in the middle of doing a tattoo
ignoring a debt collector.
I called a gown man a cat
I want to leave school
going on a drunken rampage during a camping trip with my GFs family
trying a tampon for the first time
turning myself into a real life Harry Potter
telling my coworker that she looked like Phyllis
getting my friend grownded
when I drank too much rum and vomited.
Friend asked me to do as a wingman, told my GF before going.
asking if we had homework
shaving my ass hair
being impatient.
trying to make the cat think I is a dog, so my parent put me in the therapy
stepping on a dead dolphin.
r/ sending a meme to my ex-boyfriend
clogging the toilet of an innocent home-seller.
Made a colossal mess up at work and got publicly shamed for it getting myself depressed because someone didn't accept my friend request.
insinuating to my boyfriend that he's ugly.
teaching my twin daughters to stand up to bullies.
almost stealing a woman's shoes
doing the giving some extra effort in the bedroom and my wife ended up in hospital NSFW
ruining Taco Tuesday
talking to my friends on discord.
getting with a crackhead that is now having sex with my father in law...
I embarrassed myself
telling a poem
thinking my privilege will let me on the plane without a covid19 test
loosing my headphones because I dropped my Phone.
hitting and running in a parking lot
breaking the rules of a secret society the moment I was invited
taking a puff of a vape pen
misreading the bowel-prep instructions for my colonoscopy.
being overmotivateda
with my grandma.
pranking my fiance on our "anniversary"
breaking my glasses while waking up from a dream
ordering extra chicken wings
I accidentally got Hot Sauce in my Eye via Mousetrap.
By eating two pounds of walnuts over the course of three days.
I set my self up
wearing my mum’s menopausal after-childbirth tampons
inviting a girl I recently met to a boattrip with my close friends.
trying to use hand sanitizer to clean my willy at yoga camp
and accidentally texted my boyfriend's mom she was a b!tch.
wearing a Christmas prop
amassing an inhuman amount of cum socks
21f) by having big feet and embarrassing a cop
puking in the the litter box
causing our pipes to freeze...
making myself physically ill over a fantasy romance
almost putting myself into cardiac arrest at the age of 17
leaving the freezer off all weekend
accidentally stealing a dog.
Parents Found My weed stash (Again)
carrying the litter box by the handle
joining and optional Zoom meeting
swinging and falling on my nuts
arguing with a mod
eating a Flying Biscuit platter
passing gas at work
not checking the toilet seat at a gas station...throughly enough.
finding my mom's little bedtime friend.
blaming my dirty shower jock itch penis on my HSV2+ partner.
making diner.
accidentally posting what I thought was a harmless question to the wrong group.
TL40YIFU
I already ruined the month.
severely burned myself in a interesting way
calling 911/LAPD for an assault in progress using D&amp;D to make my mom cry
getting baked and taking a shit
waving at bus drivers
Marked my work with STD
prolonging my progress
walking my dogs on my lunch break
scaring the literal shit out of my cat
checking if I was good to graduate and then being charged with cheating
wearing a low cut top
being oblivious as fuck.
playing a concert
heating a pop tart in the microwave for 45 seconds
meeting up with a Tinder guy for a hookup and only leaving with an existential crisis
sending a (somewhat negative) message about a coworker...to that coworker
misinterpreting my dad's advice
giving my jewish roommate a nazi maze
on an adventure on the high seas
with Condoms
not giving myself sexual maintenance while in conflict with my spouse.
showing my hotline trainer Trump’s penis
giving unwanted weed to my friend.
Going To Work VERY High
pranking my GF.
cleaning the cat pan a week too late
telling my brother what I THOUGHT a Prima Donna was
letting two random ladies pay for my groceries

making an innocent barista cry in front of her coworkers
selling my soul for a garage roof
Nuking My Tastebuds And Proceeding To Ruin My Master Plan
Dropping my mother's diamond earring down the drain
ordering spicy curry
living in a dark bedroom for 6 years.
r/thathappened
with a potent fart leading to a tingly dick
trying to find a nee word
stubbing my toe at the speed of light
buying $2100 worth of App Store Gift Cards in hopes of buying a new iPhone online but it turns out they can’t be used at Apple Store
putting a strain on my familial relationship with my cousin
blowing my nose into a dirty shirt now my dad thinks he touched my cum.
cutting onions while listening to emo music
helping my neighbor fill out his FAFSA application
eating another dog's poop
i accidentally went to another country
drinking too many probiotic drinks and going to yoga
stealing a Tesla on accident
making a mother think her kids might have drowned
trying to remove a splinter from under my nail. It wasn't a splinter.
sleeping with my ex 🤦
painting Trisha Paytas instead of an Internet rando
accidentally being involved in a porno
cheating on my girlfriend
going out for NYE and a free champagne toast.
killing my turtle.
GF caught me having sex with a man wearing her lingerie
taking my 12st mastiff on the hot train
leaving my door open.
trusting my coworker to lock up for me
not seeing reply to all mail function for all my life
beating my computer because it was being loud
using bengay
seeing pegging porn on my father’s phone.
getting my gf arrested and basically ruined her
going to r/publicfreackouts(m12)
Mistaking Cayenne for Cumin
not googling myself sooner.
AND RUINED MY WIFES DAY AGAIN.
breaking up with my gf
turning down a job offer from a company I had never heard of.
driving across a park inside a Gated Community.
killing a friend
sending inappropriate messages to another woman.
getting a hitler youth Haircut.
Asked a person I met on hinge to come over
using face lotion, on my face.
confronting a stalker who was actually innocent, and very annoyed at me!
not checking with the waitress about food allergy.
peeing next to the street
Being A Nice Person.
almost dying on my first ever non-certified scuba dive and ruining my girlfriends vacation
taking an angry shower
being caught looking at porn in front of all the Hindu gods in my relatives house.
accidentally breaking my brother’s nose
making my freind scared
drinking pancake batter and landing myself into the ER
sucking a plastic bottle then moving it across my face
buying Reddit coins too early
giving her what she wanted NSFW
burning my uncles t4 and a bunch of unpaid and paid bills...
for going to a prostitute NSFW
making a cake
going surfing on my only just healed fractured toe and completely breaking it.
using this sub which has become a centre for light erotica and sexual fantasies nobody needs to know
I was cleaning up my mom's house and accidentally threw away her professional thinning shears (hair-dresser).
“borrowing” my friend’s uncle’s car whilst on MDMA and drunk and I ended up breaking the handbrake
having sex with my boyfriend.
not disabling an old nsfw twitter account
cleaning out my pool vacuum
spilling some beer
having an overdraft in my account
showing my bare ass, covered in poo, to a complete stranger.
having a blood test after a gym session from hell
posting a picture of my girlfriend and I wearing each other’s cultural attire
Sending my friends a cute cat vid
changing a medical document
finding out how get rid of my bad breath.
Accidentally pissed on my fridge
not knowing what cake day was
not looking in my breast pocket.
By getting taped to a tree
listening to music on my headphones while my children were doing remote learning
not realizing other people could hear my AirPods at my work
burning my hair and eyebrows looking down a redneck potato launcher.
not learning about a job
being a reddit amateur
shutting down the computer lab system at my school.
crying in front of my teacher
a moment of silence for this guy
shoving a a tennis ball up my arse
when I tried to defend myself against a monkey that was in my dream and ended up smacking my wife in the face while she was sleeping.
chemically burning my hoo-haa
giving myself a spicy, mint yeast infection/orgasm while my gf was knuckle deep in me
not closing out of the app for speed dating
placing a Zillion dollars on a Furby in auction
eating too many nachos and salsa (NSFW)
I didn’t invite my brother when the cousins got together.
calling myself a "fool" to my colleague.
not helping an elderly person who knocked on my door at 5AM.
Mentioning pornhub to my family
adding shifts I actually worked to my time card &amp; getting shit canned for it.
hitting on the cashier while buying condoms
losing my virginity and nearly killing some chickens at the same time
sleeping with a random Italian woman in Italy on the first date
finding out I might have an electrocution fetish.
sending my doorman a kiss
accidentally using face wash as body wash.
fumbling my phone, and it hit my balls
purchasing vehicles in a game with real money
throwing up on my fiancé while giving her oral for the first time.
cutting my own bangs, regretting it, and going on to do something much worse
my wife drives herself to hospital while I slept
not owning a watch.
watching some porn gifs on the train
going to my girlfriends house
locking out my neighbor’s laundry with my padlock
consuming belligerent amounts of moldy kool aid
2 years completely undone
Making Boiled Peanuts for Breakfast
standing up too quickly from lying down only to Black-out and collapse onto the ground
cheese style slicing a #2
forgetting I had to work and blaming my boss
when I tried anal douching for the first time

I voted for Trump in the 2016 election.
but accidentally masturbating my dog
getting caught growing shrooms
trying to be sexy the night before my valentine’s day colonoscopy
telling I stream on twitch in a job interview
thinking my sales call was finished
offering a teenage boy a ride home
ruining my dad's reputation
accidentally posting a video on my Snapchat fingering myself.
taking an immediate release/long acting gravol.
I got drunk and took edibles and made my pregnant wife climb through the living room window.nsfw delivery and my conservative flatmates received it
assuming all men like their balls powered.
I had an interview and I forgot to check to see if the zoom meeting id was in the email... it wasnt
accidentally fighting a beer glass
spicing it up
including my childhood nickname in most of my usernames
tipping.
leaving my gun in the open
sending a funeral joke to my friend just before their mom died
falling asleep during basic training
telling the guy I liked that I’d name my future son after him
causing $16,302.20 in damages to my leg
asking for help for a homeless partner
using an online testing service
j
taking a shit and not paying attention to my surroundings
not checking the location of my new flat on the map before moving in
hugging my best friend who I have feeling for....she recoiled
shaving my pubes into the toilet and causing it to overflow
making my school think I'm a flat-Earther and causing an anti-flat-Earth program to be put into the freshman science curriculum
making chocolate pudding with almond milk.
cutting a watermelon side to side with a short razor sharp knife.
joking about death in front of a substitute teacher
saying extremely rude things to someone.
leaving a door open
buying the wrong cereal
How my terrible joke became reality the day later
leading my coworker to believe I’m too poor to buy food
doing everything wrong to redeem a gift card
letting a stranger into my car
saying “damn this girl is juicy as fuck!” about another woman to my fiancé
eating my way through a bag of sugar free candy....
weeding my garden by hand without thick gloves weeding my garden by hand without thick gloves
not listening to my cats that something was wrong.
peeing all over my mom's cat
talking about my crush while she was sitting behind me the whole time
meeting my dog
throwing out my recycling.
impaling myself with a shampoo bottle (NSFW)
making fun of a young girl's username
sleep walking out of my hotel room
I fucked up by finding a book
I Lost My Full-Ride Scholarship for "Innapropriate Behavior" and Feel Ashamed yet Duped
attaching magnets to my girlfriend's vagina.
clicking a fake download link
not paying attention to what I was doing while cooking an egg.
sticking a needle into my eyeball
receiving customer support
shaming my best friend's hair
accidentally meowing for two minutes straight in my google meet
unintentionally killing a dragonfly
taste the food I was cooking.
Masturbation and uti Male
ignoring my “runner’s feet” and found out I’ve had a fungal infection growing for YEARS.
TIPU: I ate two large meals one bigger than the other jeopardizing my diet.
because I communicated my order to the waiter
getting a new brand of contacts and they would not come out
running over a water riser
correcting Your to You're
Today I Fell Off My Bike
my girlfriends family hates me, and has forbidden her from so much as speaking to me
giving my best friend an ultimatum
telling my friend to stand up for himself
not taking mom's advice
the dyeing a shirt
fuzzy cat butt
opening my mouth when I didn’t need to
not reading a text
trying to flush meat down the toilet
turning off the light.
running away from a pack of dogs
almost buying drugs on work property from a coworker and now my boss knows he sells
Too horny and too dumb
Boyfriend friend walks into the bathroom while i was there
First Nude Sent to Brother
failed in my last exam
trying to remember a phone number and end up scaring my parents
forgetting to disable TTS in discord...
my chances of a good night sleep
trying to move a shelf and messing up my back
Telling My Boyfriend To Pull Forward
Unintentionally Cuckolding Myself
swearing at a two year old.
underestimating the power of weed and alcohol mixed together and flying to Namek.
accidentally Zoom Screen Sharing a “Trip Report” Word document of my drug usage with classmates
showing my entire family hamster porn
accidentally ripping out my pubes
flashing the maintenance guy
accidentally sharing my nudes on my main twitter account.
and wrote a prisoner.
my spider escape
online dating a friend group
opening my daughters diaper to soon
donating blood
getting older
asking a random kid "Bruh why you got your grandpa's cane?"
calling my best friend (probably my crush) dumb
thinking it would be a good idea to mess with my hideously dry lips
A bet I should have turned down
commanding my friend to tell his autistic sister to stop being lazy and get a job
accidentally giving a coke head and his friend my cell number, then potentially pissing them off.
wanting a poptart
playing VR for the first time.
Tried to surprise, instead got one for myself by myself.
Bagels in Brooklyn Botched
becoming one of the medical problems I've spent the last few hours revising
Ensure that there is significant time between applying "deep heat" and handling your man-rod.
completing a chugging dare.
trash talking my boss when she was next to me
finishing all of my mom's cooking every night
accidentally booking wrong flight.
going camping and immediately hurting myself
opening the door for a robot.
Putting Paper Towel Down On A Table To Make Sure Ever Clear Doesn’t Get On Table.
deciding to eat tomato soup and almost losing $700.
smoking too much weed and almost dying in the shower
being a bit of a slob
getting too high
voting in an important election with very little clarity.
thinking society was going to collapse because of eggs
not knowing what day Thanksgiving is
having sexy time with the wife NSFW
proving my grip strength in the stupidest way possible.
accidentally flicking a roach onto my husband.
I am going to be spending a lonely new year. Maybe we could meet up. Im very sexy mood now so my body want to share with you if yes then you have to sign up here : http://gg.gg/g7k5v
wanting to have an assgasm
riding my bike
sharing a cat fact
putting liquid egg whites in my coffee instead of half and half.
unknowingly acting like a pedo
joked about a friends healthy eating
going to the wrong store and accidently spending $75.
falling asleep with cotton earplugs, only to forget about them for half a year
ripping my pants at the gym
making a professional community in Reddit for my workplace using my very Personal Reddit account.
Four Canadian Navy officers saw me shirtless
forgetting we left my husband's phone with my 6 year old
writing down an anime character's name when asked about my celebrity crush.
for making fun of the guy named Alan
realizing that I had proved Fermat's Last Theorem when I was 6
Technique
packing three backpacks to go on a trip
mocking my mom about sex and now suffering her wrath
trying to assert dominance but ended up blowing an Ass gasket in font of the girl I like
projectile vomiting on my mum's boss and her new born baby
not knocking
comparing my history teacher to hitler infront of the entire class
I know this is basic
thought my neighbor's house was being burgled and called the police.
drinking hand sanitizer
asking the Down Syndrome kid to prom
letting my Bluetooth auto connect to my grandparents Subaru as they left my house
not asking at my lil bro‘s school where he is
having sex with a "woman" on tinder
touching someone else's chipotle bag.
wanting to wake up my father and his so
drinking tea to a medical appointment
ripping off the band-aid.
Today I Fucked Up By Inadvertently Telling A Mother That Her Son Was A Worthless, Annoying C*nt
forgetting my university's $1000 video camera on a shelf in a salvation army
getting changed infront of my zoom class
Cutting Peppers an Unconsciously Itching Butthole
burping without checking my surroundings.
using the school bathroom for my duty
realizing too late that I had bought my Muslim coworker a Christmas mug
not informing my client that the meeting will be online.
accidentally drinking urine
poking a spot on my dog
I f*cked up at a sleepover.
Eliana's tritment
sending my current location
not realizing I didn’t have noise canceling on.
This helped me escape prison
underestimating the power of 1 tab of acid and having to try and function around people
telling my teacher that i wanted his death
kissing my long time friend
using nicotine to calm my nerves.
taking my dog on a car ride
trying to help a raccoon off my roof
because I accidentally stepped on my dogs foot
and $9k is floating out in the world of banking
accidentally showing my grandfather a topless photo while showing him holiday snaps
moaning NSFW
using my boyfriends mothers private parts towel as a hand towel
New crypto mining app that’s new
not looking to the left of my laptop 5 years ago
making 500 people believe I was Turkish
By Living with prison rules
getting makeup and a board game for my daughter for Christmas.
looking for an Uber
getting a tiktok song stuck in my head.
getting a blow job in the car
Never text when tired
because I assumed I just had an upset stomach and ignored consistent pain
breaking my toe while putting shoes on.
peeing in the garden
probably losing my nieces trust ever again...
playing the Soviet national
HASING SAX HUR DURR
trying to eat a watermelon and burning my mouth
letting my baby sister see a penis
offering to fix my cousin's laptop
slapping my ex
Breaking Into Mr. Pringle's Mansion
I accused a black teenage boy of stealing my wallet
not realizing that summer sausage isn't cased.
Made a dark joke and my mom wouldn’t drop it.
calling in sick.
tell my sister to stop picking my pubes
experimenting with pleasure...
agreeing to babysit my friend’s dog
Sending an Application to the Wrong Program
not thinking before speaking
sending futanari to my school WhatsApp group
possibly making my boyfriend sick
gutting a coot in my kitchen
and learned why the coffee tasted a little, "off"...
making a gay couple uncomfortable
waving bye to a coworker causing him to flirt with me.
not handeling correctly while encountering a sexual predator
having depression
giving myself a bald spot. not sharing any of my hot hamburg sandwiches with a hungry homeless.
hooking up with a Ben Shapiro stan (NSFW)
Accidentally Staining My C00chie Cherry Red
accidentally coming off as a racist in a coffee shop
my thinking my curtains were thicker than they are
fucking dogs and cats for a year and getting arrested or bestiality
setting up a betting account at 18 years old out of desperation, only to have lost money in the end
letting ants craw up my butt
hitting my classmate with a metal water bottle in the head
making my bf think I was going to kill myself
asking my neighbor out
forgetting to close the door properly and accidentally having my brother (22) find out I (18) wear nappies
I forgot I was in my period.
making the CEO of my job think I’m in a fight club.
selling when I shouldn't have.
trying to impress a girl
accidentally sending a picture of my poop and bloody toilet to my brother
trying a new "great clips"
checking out my colleague on Reddit
taking a 23andme DNA test.
hooking up with my cousins ex.
accidentally telling my friend my mom died
going to Chipotle
fucking one of my strongest friendships
My husband and I hooked up with a pastor's wife
choosing a volunteer to work with us for six weeks who turned out to be a noisy eater whom I have now nicknamed 'Slurpee'.
trying white crystal with blue pill
forgetting my mom's coworker exists
relaxing just a bit too much in class
saying I watch porn and my neighbor hearing me (accidentally)
booking a flight with a 20 hour layover
mistakenly ingesting THC. Again.
trusting Google maps in a crunch
cumming in my mouth
becoming a therapist to ythr girl im seeing.
when my mom's friend came to my house while I was naked locked in the toilet.
in trying to go to bed early and trying to be punctual for an appointment
accepting a ride NSFW
giving my son gallium to play around with.
traveling abroad and looking for relief
hurting my wrist and being called a wanker by an older lady
soft locking myself out of discord.
Ignoring The Pain In My Lower Back
speaking up
taking a prenganvy test
Need some help nearly just killed our fish
ordering takeout
trying to cut a pizza
setting fire to my anus
forgetting to take my vibrator out of the shower
putting in the wrong menstrual cup...
Today I fucked up by doing college enrolment things by myself.going to the beach
locking my keys in the trunk of my car
taking a joke way to far.
doing chemistry with the kids
2 and 1/2 years ago IFU by making my uncle think I had NSFW content on my phone (not an NSFW post)
giving my boss a Christmas ornament for Christmas
thinking I could sing
Having my dog die and missing out in potentially one of my most important meetings of the year.
thinking I could make myself fart continuously and showing off to my parents
I'm the only reason I'm single
taking a melatonin instead of an ibuprofen.
Today i fucked up by hooking up with this guy and bleeding all over him.
trying to buy my wife a present
believing I was gay and leading on a sweet guy
Walked out on my girl after cucumber insertion
eating a fried egg out of a 60 year old ashtray.
shaving my balls with my headphones in
finding my brother's secret sex dungeon
falling asleep with a heating pad in my pants
buying flight tickets.
attending 6 interviews and not hearing back from any of them
cheating in spanish and got caught
getting caught after living a series of fake lives for 4 years
calling my sister a Halloween themed name.
telling my mom my Christmas list.
Today I fucked up... by taking a final
sending my brother a link to my onlyfans page.
not closing out of the porn I watched
not knowing what a blowjob was
breaking my boyfriend because of Skyrim
letting a customer leave with $100
thinking my sister's friend was interested in me (She wasn't)
giving a less than 1% tip to my pizza driver
being oblivious to getting hit on
leaving the dentist when they still had things to do
reminding my new coworker it’s valentines day
Small talks are a bitch
When I accidentally sent a link to rule34 porn to my crush
“destroying the toilet with shit”
in Sweden
calling my Boss's in-laws dumbasses.
sending "Best retards" instead of "Best regards" to my employer.
telling a mother of three, that she had too many children and shouldn't have any more
offering pro bono photography services
Bad by sending my mom a Di*k pic
not paying attention when my pee split into two streams
searching for a cool image
when this sub has turned into a funny sex story subreddit instead of a real FU sub with consequences.
becoming friends with a clutz
Eating salad killed sexy time on Valentine's Day.
looking for a missing dog and stalking a neighbor
asking my roommate if he wanted to mess around.
Showing my Aunt a Post on Reddit
asking a disabled friend (has one hand) if he need a hand
breaking up with my bf
accidentaly sending Yolo to my teacher
Not my fuck up, but oh my. Reposting this from AITA. Safe to say AH father and son definitely are in the dog house.
not wearing panties.
Selling fully loaded cc... comes with full mum.cvv and zip code + address. 30k limit. Beat off34 gets itn
trying to help a person who put their items back.
Minecraft Dungeons
repeatedly shouting penis synonyms at my all female college class
forgetting my lunch
scratching my leg.
breaking my nose by passing out in a public hot tub
fingering my a**hole
laughing at my teacher
i drank something expired.
asking my MIL if she was being abused.
Insulting my neighbour after him complementing me
By assuming my 10yr old knew Santa was not real
changing a car starter, you can’t imagine how.
snapchatting random Women on Instagram
accidentally liking a tweet of graphic cartoon porn while job hunting and didn't realize it for several months.
new website
menacingly destroying multiple CPR dummies with a knife in front of kindergarteners and almost getting fired
pulling my penis out in front of the engineering director
trying snorting domething i shouldnot have
not muting myself on zoom
Accidental rude email
I've been fucking up for months I may get my whole family kicked out of.
My first cousin
Trying To Stop A Dog From Masturbating In A Bus
filling my bedroom with smoke
Asking Out The Wrong Girl
breaking my father's favorite record who was passed to him by my great grandfather
Gave my mom a vajayjay wink
not understanding a joke for 10 years
not making my humour obvious enough.
I tried to cheat on a test
probably putting myself in debt, by possibly not paying for college tuition and several months overdue books.😬
doing a lil bit too much in public with my gf
NSFW  sexting my fiancé’s parents.
being the childhood racist.
eating a bowl of chips.
going soft on my crush
leaving a kitchen knife in a room with two toddlers
adding the wrong spice.
Maintaining 6 feet and my mother got angry
making a lady fall flat on her face
showing my grandma hentai
using hair removal cream for the first time.
telling my boss what I thought of him (Language Warning)
starting to watch LOTR
TDIF is I though it was late
blowing it
smoking after blood donation
not checking who I was sending a picture to
sneezing and attracting 2 million flies, making the flood externally sticky, and cutting my hands and feet on a million shards of glass
I’m a dumb ass who doesn’t understand political parties...
eating the world’s hottest chicken wings.
eating spicy ramen
going to the police station to report lost items, same police station issued traffic violation ticket for missing red light on arrival
posting on social media I was going to harm myself and getting reported and sent on a 5150 hold(psych ward for 72 hours)
allowing myself to manipulated by the pawnkeeper
accidentally sending my grandma a dildo.
getting scammed from obvious fraud
trusting my roommate.
going hiking with my mom
NSFW Gobbling that ends with a teabag
stepping on a bird's wing
being late to submit my resume to my dream job
Having My Boyfriend In My House
possibly chemically burning my entire face.
calling the police on my wife
writing in the wrong chat group
watching porn in class
fake sexting my roommate's girlfriend's brother
when I realized that I'm basically an Incel
leaving my phone unguarded
not answering my phone and having my entire family think i killed myself
rocking headphones on the can at work...
responding to a prank chat at work
screwing up a break up.
letting my dog join us on a ride
fucking myself
having the munchies on christmas.
trying to poison my 1 year old on his birthday, twice.
i called my friend son of a bitch on the discord call when he was on speaker and in the living room while his mom was there
So I’m a teen (13) and I lied about losing my virginity and I wish I haven’t
snowboarding 10 times.
I got my boyfriend extreme high and had to call his dad
going to Mother Mary’s house with a poor taste in music.
22f. I need some balls to step on . kik me @ MeRoxy20
asking for answers from my boyfriend, ignoring the fact that he dealing with his emotions would leave him in a bad state.
being attracted to collar bones.
publishing my first book with DRAFT watermarks on every page
eating KFC
Breaking My Molar On A Carrot
TFIU by my Dad
trying to write a "quick" email at work
doing my neighbor/close friend a favor and ended up seeing a dead body.
telling my Blind Date a dumb story.
sleeping with my crush’s bestfriend
giving my husband his birthday gift with a full stomach.
fainting while driving
texting song lyrics to my boyfriend
getting aroused
losing a perfect egg shaped rock that a hike was named after
uploading a penis doodle to the client's website
Tifi
bringing my cat to a Verizon Store
admitting to my girlfriend I asked her out because I liked her massages
Possibly Ruining a Friendship Forever
burning the hell out of...
trying to make small talk with a customer.
shaving my beard for the first time in 3 years
not bringing umbrella
making a Call Centre operator think I was watching hard core porn whilst arranging a utility refund.
cherry bombing my mouth
spending and losing hundreds of dollars because I was born with a body of a woman.
not checking my bathroom waste basket garbage bag before walking it down to the trash room
eating a croissant at 7:45 pm
driving 90 mph to evade drug dealers, only to find out that they were really the police!
for making fun of a guy named Alan
getting caught tugging my Sausage while in the GTA Strip Club.
pissing my self at a walmart because of how scared i was after seeing a black person
inviting my mom to see a framed photo in my bedroom
I put my finger in my eye after I ate chips with chili flakes
leaving my dildo out...again
talking about video games
sending a dick pick to my sister
putting milk in my tea and now two of my friends are mad at me
doing finger guns at my ex
What do I dooo
breaking my laptop lcd (accidentally)
calling Hitler "My Idol"
losing $3000
accidentally outing my self to my family
adding too much sugar.
slipping in the shower (NSFW)
Atoning For My Aquarium Sins
Si
not being able to sell my weddings rings
accidentally reminding my sister of her scumbag ex and the shit he did
consuming an alarming amount of sodium in one sitting.
browsing Reddit on the loo
and Exited that way
not closing my bathroom door.
¿Quieres obtener juegos y premios gratis en tu tiempo libre?
texting a picture of my cozy slippers to a girl I just started talking to
trying to plump my lips using hot sauce.
going to a nude beach
I slammed some kids head a door way on accident.
taking cute farts too far
not utilizing my wife's marketing degree on twitch
going ice skating in an attempt to be more active.
losing the credit card which my old job used to pay me.
telling my future boss some very inappropriate stuff (maybe NSFW)
asking a 4 year what his mom's name was.
not following directions and flashbanging myself.
creating a habit.
because my grandma found my Sound cloud
hacking off with headphones on
drawing a demonic ritual in class
taking too much Benadryl
brushing my teeth in the dark
mistaking my deep freeze for lube.
chopping hot peppers before sex
taking naps after I masturbate
dropping some Ibuprofen.
losing a fight with a bot.
yelling expletives at a disabled girl and her carer
locking myself out and being too scared to ask for a key.
looking like I was taking a picture of a girl on her break
leaving some brownies out
losing 100$ by accidentally dropping it
playing 'Welcome to the CUM ZONE' for my entire family on Zoom
jerking off so much that I made my sister uncomfortable.
interrupting an orgy with music
accidentally breaking into someone's house and almost getting shot
using toilet bowl cleaner to clean the tub
essentially sucking off my aquarium and getting a big mouthful of dirty water
watching “the hub” on my nintendo switch
saying something violence related and got banned
eating ground beef
pulling the shit out of my girlfriend’s hair in our(MY) sleep.
apparently bringing a ticking bomb to the library
breaking my bed drawer and thus my mum finding my drugs and sex toy.
running with bone conduction headphones, now I have tinnitus
dislocating my knee and popping it back into place as I fell onto the floor
Forgetting how I lost $20
slapping myself in the face with a bag of warm dog poo
asking how much money my friend would want to never see his cat again
coming out as Trans.
I use cannabis medicinally, I've just been arrested for having cannabis in my system while driving and I will likely lose my business because of it.
accidentally sending a negative email about someone to that person I was talking about
bullying my best friend.
causing pandemonium in my virtual classroom.
jumping on one leg.
hugging sister in law too long
gutting a discount fish from the supermarket
trying to shame my wife for how she dresses
Today I just got banned from r/holup
trying to kiss my college interviewer.
causing a scene at the convenience store
I showed my 12 year old daughter my wife's nudes.
making an old lady think I roofied my girlfriend
insisting on moving my car to give more space for a friend to move in downstairs.
hitting on a girl with looks over personality
posting nudes online &amp; my family saw
causing a "bong threat" at my school

forgetting to turn my green screen off on zoom.
cutting Jalapeños and then sticking my finger in my nose.
giving my bald uncle shampoo as a Christmas gift
going to work getting too competitive against a co-workers bet
holding a sneeze in the office, suffocating and getting nicknamed "patient zero"
issuing a refund for a vacation cancellation
being a slow thinker
swiping right on my cousin
doubting my brother when he said we were having lunch next to a celebrity.
removing our bed frame which killed our ferret.
Concierge eyeful
entering right apartment but in wrong building.
because my nose has been broken since I was 7
sitting in a strangers piss.
accidentally insinuating my girlfriend needed band-aids for self-h*rm scars.. (I'm adding NSFW even tho there's only light mention of self-h*arm)
listening to a D&amp;D stream at work
eating an egg salad sandwich before bed (NSFW)
greeting my Boss's Boss's Boss's Boss's Boss with lipstick on my teeth
getting blasted in the face with my own jizz and seeing my grandmother immediately afterwards
being careless about my important belongings.
Birthday Party
Sharing My ICloud With My Brother
trying to make doros wheels by myself
telling my friend group “K” and getting Death Threats for it
taking about the COV-19 at Urgent Care
sleeping with someone dummy thicc NSFW
pouring Coca Cola in my wok
whispering WAAY too loud
overestimating my ability to kayak
when I said to my co-worker I had a bit of fever
losing a fight with a rotary grinder.
I accidentally kidnapped a kid
not reading the instructions on epoxy resin and causing a significant exothermic reaction
letting my wife give me head.
not fixing my car, waking up in the hospital.
scratching a 100k car
looking up why my cat only lays on me when I have a specific blanket
reporting embezzlement at my new job
shitting my pants while walking the dog
overdosing on laxatives
telling a customer I like spreading my legs.
indirectly (and unintentionally) calling my wife fat
Ran over my cat.
shitting in my father-in-law's multi-million dollar vacation home
and learned about my weird allergy.
breaking an antique piece of furniture
When I set my r32’s transmission on my genitals
not remembering a volleyball position correctly
chopping my ankle with a hatchet.
when my prof heard me go full Samuel Jackson
ignoring a toothache
jumping a battery while sleep deprived.
suggesting to my girlfriend Lord of the Rings could be better
when I locked my self out of my unit in cool weather and no-where to go
telling my girlfriend
running out of gas and almost getting arrested
oversharing with a robo text that wasn’t actually a robo text.
having the audacity to use my computer
possibly losing my earbud on top of a ceiling light.
ripping out a piece of my lip
Burned my eyes.
potentially turning my daughter into a vegetarian.
scaring a cat we named terror
using the worst possible phrase you can use in front of a blind person
almost getting eaten by a mountain lion
coming to work hungover and mad!!
Half eating a dragon fly
eating an entire large bag of animal crackers for 3 days straight
sending nudes to my girfriend
sending a prank text
getting caught playing with myself twice on two different zoom calls in one day.
allowing my daughter to devour crayons
Wait, where’s tfue?
giving wrong number by accident! pls help! DK Copenhagen
making my mom thinks i am into flatulence porn.
when I dropped my grandmother’s new phone
dropping my phone into the toilet while peeing scrolling reddit.
wathcing porn during online class and not muting the mic
getting drunk last night, smashing a bottle over my head, calling my gf a sket and causing over £1000 in damages
ranting about how s#!tty life is white unmuted.
showering sick
I was recommend to share my story. So  thinking I was Snoop Dog.
using a drone to spy on my neighbor’s wife.
making my daughter cry
smashing a window and trying to blame a bird.
ruining my chance with my crush.
breaking up with my girlfriend on our 1 year anniversary
buying a Fairy Wand off eBay
responding to a review
peeing after I made chili garlic oil
thinking I fucked up more than I actually did.
Today I fucked up by leaving my new Samsung 10 0n my car and driving off
blaming my son for killing our kitten
giving my boyfriend a DNA test for his birthday
having a leaking pipe in my parent’s house
not thimking about how i worded my conversation and forcedna some co-workera to think im a pedo.
sleeping with my SO and my SIL and MIL saw (NSFW)
implying my husband’s penis was misshapen.
uploading a ridiculous image to a very SHORT list of internal access work documents
taking my girlfriend to a fancy restaurant, and giving her expensive gifts.
Cleaning my Shower
not knowing how a gift exchange works
listening to my husbands food baby
ignoring the rules, not going outside for a week, and being out $560
accidentally attempted to commit arsonist
I gave in to a predator on Omegle
inviting a stranger/tinder date over for a drink
giving my dog a facial
YIFU by causing my mom's snowman AND refrigerator to be broken.
making my new managers potentially think I'm a perverted serial killer
I called a disabled boy retarded
Ordering UberEats when you’re old
I shouldn't of ate spicy food on my dream date
leaving out a brand new toy
bringing a San Pellegrino bottle to school
forgetting I had childhood seizures
not knowing I was hearing impaired
wearing a tighter hoodie
cooing at a pigeon
broke my phone screen cause I am constantly angry
doing the sexy sex with Chad (it was super hot)
Drinking Monster
sleepwalking
bashing my face into my wife's vagina
watching The Forest right before I went backpacking
scaring off my date with a transformer
cutting myself pretty badly.
accidentally booking wrong flight
moaning on my Bday
putting the wrong blanket on my bed during intercourse
deepthroating a banana and getting caught by my teacher
using my religious aunt's bathroom and letting her believe a demon did it.
I went to fart and I was wrong, i was very wrong... Bare in mind it was my partners Birthday. Sorry babe!
accidentally ignoring my girlfriend without knowing.
Accepting an Invitation to Have Breakfast With Spidey getting lit and turnt
walking the wrong direction with my girlfriend and a GPS
Drunk toilet clog pt.1
Not knowing how digital optical cables work
saying my ex girlfriend’s name during my wedding ceremony
destroying my son's innocence.
saying my ex girlfriends name during sex and probably ruined my chances
farting with my CPAP on.
making my backyard fire explode
trying to not wake everyone up laughing
teaching my nephews about green butt holes
Fingering a Girl to Blood During a Devils Threesome
leaving $150 of weed at a food truck.
thirst following the guy I lost my virginity to.
accidentally not marrying my little brother's ex girlfriend
not being able to submit a timed essay for my college english class
Scooping My Deuce into a trash can
discovering the Fivver I hired is cyberattack my site with 600 Porn Backlinks a DAY
accidentally posting almost the entire bee movie script on r/
being too paranoid about scammers on a hook up sub
Today I fucked up by falling asleep on the bus
almost illegally passing a school bus for the second time
scratching my mother in law’s car.
UPDATE: lost tampon
spitting mouthwash right into my coochie.
Self-Isolation Mistake
finding my wife's anniversary gift to me
I left my dildo in our family shared bathroom
sleeping with my sister best-friend.
I Could Get Someone Arrested
supporting impeachment
getting high and cooking dinner.
Harmless Joke Turned Into Humiliation
purposely getting addicted to fentanyl in order to take LSD during the withdrawals to see if it could ease the symptoms.
not asking the right questions
using the handicap stall to expel my diarrhea.
getting into a pond to retrieve a ball
deleting a whole work spreadsheet trying to be helpful
sex (NSFW)
Telling my friends my junk doesn't work
because somehow I didn’t get my girlfriends texts or snapchats or calls until I messaged her and now she’s mad at me.
getting blocked on IG for first time.
talking to my girlfriends parents with our sex toys in my hand
TD;FU by flooding my apartment.
becoming the star of my own horror short film
kissing my BFF
not Reading the Pages I had to for School
I pretended to simp and the girl I’m talking to might be upset.
having my dad sniff my period blood (NSFW???)
having our sextoys exposed in the bathroom
looking at a Grindr subreddit at work
forgetting my money at the ATM
deleting my aunt's family photos
giving an ex burglar a tour of my house and $30
shutting down a restaurant with my own flatulence.
Reading My Daughter's Email
imprisoning the cat without food for a week.
I didn't know where to post this, but I thought it might fit here
accidenty slathering my whole body with carolina reaper capsaicin oil.
starting a war in my class
telling a dark joke in the middle of class
eating oreos with a piece of my braces
doing pushups while having diarrhea
stalking the same people on LinkedIn on multiple occasions
googling "youngest kardashian".
continuing the week and thinking my run of bad luck would end
ruining my cousin's innocent mind
installing a bidet.
trying to help a spider...
caring about someone way too much.
not knowing how a car works
almost setting my sweatpants on fire whilst wearing them
being disgusting in class....
swallowing a mint.
sending a text while I was still typing it.
eating and then getting gassy.
not realising I put a message in my works group chat!
wearing hospital underwear as a shower cap
using acetone mixture as my eye makeup remover. NSFW? Marking just in case.
making fun of my friends laugh
Accidently Jamming A Metal Screw Into My Penis
Brownies or mushrooms?
Inspired to share by the other  a cat being tied up.
making chlorine gas
accidentally snorting my own cum
flooding a hotel bathroom in the middle of the night
doing Le Sexy Sex happy horny time
letting someone else drive my new car.
accidentally adding an invalid email to an important account
making a Rick and Morty reference during sex
saying "you too" after my Doordash driver said "Enjoy"
letting my daughter ride her bike
blasting the first few seconds if this video
trying to be fatherly to a 15 year old girl at Mcdonalds
going to my kitchen
pay off car fully or invest it. 🚘 balance is approx $12,xxx with interest rate of 3%. invest meant towards stocks?
flashing in photobooth (17f)
Accidentally threw a tray out of a window
so today i fucked up
forgetting the Mail adress I bought Bitcoin with
throwing a rock at my own car
nutting on my own face.
eating to many gnocchis and also taking the urine test cup to the laboratory in my backpack (2x1 FU)
I AM GRAND WIZARD MAN BORN LEADER OF THE KU KLUX KLAN
having been called “gay”
eating rocks in front of my girlfriend
wedding day
preparing for the wrong interview
Müsli
using a handicap stall
masturbating after having touched chilly peppers
telling a 30 passenger airplane they can "spread their legs"
shitting on top of my friends toilet
blasting NSP by a Catholic school
ruining a funeral procession.
clicking on a NSFW post without being able to delete my history on a school owned electronic.
telling my mates that i wipe my ass standing and not sitting
making myself a burger with Cayenne pepper powder
not exposing myself to a cleaning lady
posting in woodworking
today i fucked up by using hot serrano peppers in my eggs
crashing my school's server with pictures of Nicolas cage
while trying to beat my high score in Just Dance
causing a car crash
Girlfriends first time sleeping at mine ended with her dad carrying her out of my house and taking her home
shaving my legs
choosing an interesting transaction reference
getting my 1 year old nephew covered in masturbation lube.
embarrassing my kid and involving the police
large
buying my future fiance's engagement ring a month too early.
when my mom found a heart-shaped hickey on me.
yelling at a gang member's daughter
One more sting then I bargained for.
inadvertently outing my boss to his mistress about his wife being in labor.
telling my sister that her dad might not be her dad.
Serious) I turned on a friend over something fake after accusing all my other friends of doing the same thing. Now I don’t know how to fix my broken friend group or if I even should.
emailing someone when horny
accidentally putting my nudes on my Snapchat story
squatting at my prom
forgetting wind existed
trying to fix the headset form work
breaking the only tool I use for work on the first day
middle fingering my teacher.
grabbing the wrong bottle and subjecting myself to a night of toilet hell
talking to my crush at work
not responding to my crush's joke
spontaneously buying a plane ticket to Mexico
attempting to change my clothes in the lift and getting caught by my neighbours
chemically burning my nether regions... again
not realising the date of my cake day
apple having bad servers
putting peanut oil in our swimming pool
almost getting my Coworkers Sexual Harasser in trouble. Warning For NSFW
When I
shoving poop back up my ass
taking taboo roleplay too far.
letting an older woman buy my drinks at a bar.
queefing during my zoom class
scratching my labia minora too hard.
MESSING UP WITH MY NEIGHBOURS' CAT
rolling coal on some Trump supporters
peeing on myself while taking a dump
going for a run and passed many people (6-feet away) and saying things like “happy corona virus” and asking on person if i could pet their adorable puppy....
telling my boyfriend he has a little one on valentines day
Today I f’d up by using the version exclusive code for Pokémon Sword in Pokémon Shield
having a hangover throwing up party with Disney tracks as the background music
accidentally dressing like the grim reaper when going on my walk
and lost $20k cause of that asshole Robinhood CEO manipulating the markets.
sending my favorite teacher a birthday gif
driving Hwy 190E through rural Texas during an animal apocalypse...
forgetting that my little brother was doing an activity at school
asking if my phone could do a thing
90 Days On Reddit (My In-Depth Review of the Platform) Close
interfering in arguments between mu brother and sister
catching my sister having sex with my girlfriend
calling bulls 'horny bois'
teaching my 7 year old Korean student the "eraser" song
accidentally showing my little brother a picture of bare tits on my phone for a few minutes
having multiple redditors accounts
buying nipple jewellery
leaving an near-empty plastic cup of red wine on the side
when I lit my burn barrel
doing sexy sexual sex sexual sex
Коронавирус создали в США. Эксперт Романофф назвал место лаборатории
fucking Mac and cheese
looking at my crush's instagram story
jacking off wrong
accidentally saying I Love You
with Plans with girl gone wrong
having a crush to my Long time best friend
terrifying a poor person
being a wet whore
Today I fucked up by deleting my wife's photos.
making a racist joke in front of my girlfriend.
falling in love with the wrong guy
I had to live 2 years with my hair half short (neck length) and half long to my waist
Drinking Tea
cooking my eggs a bit too long
almost overdosing on caffeine
shoplifting too close to the cashier
making a kid cry
for having my gf upset at me and running out of TP
searching up "child p**n" on my friends laptop in school (FOR A JOKE)
cancelling a amazon order
listening to a
when I used my girlfriend's bathroom
I screamed “Hey Bitch” towards a crowd of random people and immediately started regretting it
buying new Airpods when my therapist cancelled my online session without tilling me
got my coworker too high before work not knowing how stocks work
thinking Thanksgiving was the 21st instead of the 28th.
Swallowing a Penny
By sending an image from porn to my 12 year old brother without knowing it was him
telling my dental hygienist that I brush with a Clarisonic
not respecting internet privacy
shaving my balls
not realizing my fan was on heat mode
accidentally letting a $3.0k bracelet be thrown in the trash
calling the Queen’s last name as vagina instead of Regina in a class of 15 year old kids
recording myself peeing and sending it to group chat with my husband's friends.
Vandalism
spilling hand sanitiser EVERYWHERE
Supposed to be first day on new Naval Program.
taking an edible and waking up inside of a wall
getting pinned down by a recycling bin
for throwing up in the shower and following through on the floor almost at the same in a hotel room
uninstalling the reddit app
not me but rather my teacher)
accidentally ripping my toenail off
slightly gas bombing my room
killing my dad’s dog on Christmas
accidentally offending a YouTuber I like because I commented a joke that backfired
syncing my bluetooth with my ford
thinking I could go #2 in a bag
Air BNB **Nightmare** TL;DR I trust air bnb and am welcomed into a trashy health nightmareTL;DR Religiously used BNB and trusted the company, ended up in a white trash paradise for three nights in questionable conditions
eating a decade-old pork chop
I need help (I fucked up so badly this year)
drinking and doing f**king thing
forgetting to delcare my party affiliation
letting all my friends watch me have sex via live stream in a bar.
throwing away someone else's whole spice collection
saying the L word too early
I got drunk &amp; ended up chaturbating with a Catholic priest.
telling my mom she was wrong😂
convincing myself when im not horny that i couldn't get a boner for my missus and that it could be due to me being unprepared for a relationship
oversleeping.
telling my mom my biggest secret.
finding out my ex-girlfriend is my cousin
hurting my foot and probably end up wasting 200 bucks.
declining a call to meet my favorite sports player
quoting a painting
getting caught shoplifting
chopping jalapeños and then touching my boyfriend’s penis. (NSFW)
jokingly saying I read Mein Kampf
Leaving a Multi-Thousand Dollar Piece of Equipment in the Room of a Dead Man
My dad's friend thinks I said the n word
Did not realize company VPN was automatically enabled on personal computer and consumed porn outside of work hours
creating a bacteria heaven in my beard.
going on a walk on the beach
because I lost my stimulus check..
stinking up a public bus
The  judging a “kids” movie by its cover and gave it to my 7 year old without watching it first
telling members of a funeral they were being miserable and ruining the party mood
misquoting a tv show in front of my sister and her kids, saying something awful.
taking a risk with a nail gun
accidentally texting my long term boyfriend’s dad
ignoring my poo cue
overthinking
trying the keto diet
getting too drunk with my friends and then completely destroying my girlfriends bathroom
trying to date my best friend’s brother
camming with someone on Google Hangouts
when I returned from the bathroom with a sock in my hand
not putting away the beach bag

being insensitive in an LGBT discord server
fucking my secretary
getting my hair stuck in a foredom tool
saying what my special talent is...
recommending inappropriate books to my teacher
trying to throw up my moms cake and making her think I have an eating disorder asking what an incel was and starting a bar fight
buying a gift card
ate a two weeks old pizza
sound bombing my family at midnight
Becoming the front page of an adult magazine
GOT TOO DRUNK
having the twin sister of my girlfriend walk in on me while getting a BJ
for talking too much
turning on a vibrator in front of my family members while moving.
Making my girlfriend cry when talking about dogs
31 M) by explaining to a management member at my work(70 F) what a glory hole was.
trying to flirt with a boy that I like and it failed big time.
By making my mom cry over an insignificant mistake
using the wrong lotion.
eating extremely hot peppers
accidentally having sex when I told my boyfriend I would only be masturbating for the day (sorry for the long post lol!)
thinking I understood the "cup-check" move
Help meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
I swatted a fly with my hand
playing with animal crackers before eating them in front of my budgies
leaving the pump out
assuming someone was homeless
sending a photo to a wrong group conversation
Girlfriend accidentally made molten lava hot ground beef!
shaving in my teens
drinking and playing games
over reacting to a piece of hair on my cats eye.
for not taking the hint of my crush
going bathroom at school
No WIFI or TV until May
asking a coworker about the death of a Doctors wife.
So I'm sitting there, sugar wax on my pubes
losing my virginity to a girl I met on YahooIM
taking my daily water bottle to work with me
becoming the "Sh*t and get Bandit"
forgetting how mirrors work.
getting into a "red truck" driven by an old man
forgetting my water filter was on while I went to watch fireworks and flooding my downstairs neighbor's apartment
playing a 'Normandy Landing' paintball match
messing a connection during pandemic on omegle
being lactose intolerant
(insert an activity that isn't interesting in itself)
petting the cat.
I cheated on a test and got 0 points and might fail and disappoint my family and professor
having a vasovagal response to inserting my menstrual cup
having over 125$ to pay in fees
making it sound like my husband was jacking off while my daughter had a friend over
making fun of the way an artist I like holds his pencil and then trying the technique myself
Accidently Telling My Brother About A Gay Experience I Had With My Friend
Pretending to Know Something I Understood and got a Fuckload of Backlash for it
attempting to scare my 3 year old with the Boogyman.
posting the news.
putting a bead into my urethra
spitting some food on the ground
accidentally destroying a pound of hash that was owned by MS-13 gang members
drinking way to much alcohol
chewing an Advil gel capsule.
I moaned my abusive ex’s name during sex with my boyfriend
posting my teacher
walking into the girl's bathroom while a girl is masturbating.
tossing an empty beer bottle out of my passenger window accidentally telling my whole school a secret.
making my wife's allergen for dinner
Thanksgiving Dinner
accidentally making my parents think im weird af
chocking a kid and getting punched in the face
telling my mom I was going out
grabbing a cast iron skillet I had just taken out of the oven barehanded
I accidentally came off as racist
I promise I’m not cutting myself
slicing my finger open with a razor...I wanted to open a bag of fruit snacks.
getting an easter egg for my gf and breaking the quarantine.
telling a girl with 1 leg that I’d break her ankles (in basketball)
Essential Oil on the D
doing a dare and spewing everywhere
mispronouncing “confortable”
causing my mates gf to brake up with him.
TodayI Fucked Up by leaving the sunroof open on my mom’s car
flashing a picture of pubes that seemed to be mine to a dude I had a crush on (and a few other math classmates)
leaving the stove on
dyeing my ass blue
There is a Yоutuber callеd "Leon Fаradаy" that lеarns everyweek a new skill. Нis rеlаtives рassed awаy whеn hе was 14, he makеs videоs аbout own еxperiеnсе of mаstering nеw skills and another vidеos for peoplе to keеp mоtivаtiоn to lеarn and try new things, beсаuse we hаve only оnе life
creating a yeast bomb
shoving a toothbrush up my arse
gaining a mortal enemy
Today I fucked up by calling my boss “dad”
licking dodgy rolling paper
destroying my setup in blind rage
bringing pills to school
not knowing how to talk dirty
telling my ultra-religious teacher about onlyfans
going to 1st lunch when I had 2nd
remixing my dorm room's loud "extramarital" activities and then sending them a copy
rubbing my mask on my balls
vomiting on my boyfriend while giving him a blow job (Deep throating) and I feel so damn embarrassed
giving my sister a concussion and getting kicked out of my parents house
splashing my father-in-law with his own beer
not knowing what xoxo meant.
eating clam chowder while drinking RedBull
getting banned in the mall.
I missed TWO of my collage finals and peed on my phone.
firing the employee who knew everything sending Mandingo to 5th graders
shooting a gas bullet in my moms bedroom
dialing 911 for homework
making my girlfriend think I'm a controlling asshole
realizing today that the reason the charging ports on my phones stopped working over the past few years...phone after phone...is pocket lint
trying to clear and area with water damage
getting intoxicated after being gang-raped in the ass
cleaned a nugget off of my senior doggy's fluffy bum and ended up gagging like one of those facebook video dads changing a nappy.
trying to wax myself.
My school project
not locking my foor
not lowering my PC's audio
unmuting during my online class
while going on a spontaneous hiking trip to the Adirondack Mountains
telling a homeless girl no thanks I'm not hungry when she asked me for food
prank calling someone who took me seriously
embarrassing a coworker on shift
NSFW By Having Sex My Entire Family Could Hear
bringing up virginity with my family in the car
Missing the internet guy by 5 MINUTES during lockdown.
being a broke bitch
giving my partner a new gaming chair with only 4,2 out of 5 stars on Amazon
having a small parp
Telling My Close Friend I Wanted to Sleep With Her Husband
not being able to sleep for the entire night cuz I was reminiscing
for listening to my ex's psycho ex's story
trying to explain how to use toilet paper to my 5 year old
making my mom think i am insane
not reading the menu properly
doing 3 tabs of LSD
for not masturbating over a month.
forgetting to discard my pubes
getting my cat turned on telling my friends mom about porn
thinking that my father would never have a phone conversation while on the toilet resulting in my need for a quick cosplay of Botticelli's Birth of Venus
not believing a common movie trope
ruining my morning bj for everyone
breaking my grandma's arm
making a joke about death
believing a website is free with the logo 'ad' next to it
introducing my partner to reddit (and the gateway drug that is karma)
following r/wallstreetbets for the last 3 weeks and NOT buying any GME stock last week
making myself sound like a pedophile in some kids vlog
eating poo.
visiting an escort
forgetting my Good mate's Wedding
writing "Butt Head" on my shower wall and terrifying my wife.
thinking I was on the receiving end of a "restoring faith in humanity" story, but instead, making me disappointed in what people do just to screw others over
breaking my screen, then breaking the replacement screen while replacing it
telling people about this professional wrestler I used to live next door to, only to recently realize he was a stripper and my mom lied about him being a wrestler.
dry shaving my private area and causing an infection
appearing in minimal coverage in front of the worst possible group of people
drinking apple cider vinegar
ruining my one chance to have my song played on the radio
I'm totally f***** up Sirious please read text till the end
Slapping My Friends Ass In Front Of His Grandpa
playing WAP in front of my mom.
borrowing too many video games from the library
Clean Water for Everyone
Another Hinge story
getting a cold and using my boxers as a handkerchief
watching a movie and not checking my phone whole time
using mint toothpaste as lube
I killed my boyfriends baby fish. Killing my boyfriend’s Fish
vomitted 6-7 times on a 1st date.
trying to do Jiu Jitsu with Conor McGregor
Misspelling “
mispronouncing "like the back of my hand"
Inviting a Homeless Man into My Home and He Shat in a Bag in the Corner.
accidentally telling a receptionist I would gr0pe her
mentioning an old Whitest Kids U Know sketch
not stopping sooner
filming a friend's wedding entirely in night vision mode - as the "official" videographer
Convinced friend to pet some horses, Got stuck in beach
Balls in a swing
stripping down and sexually confronting my father-in-law
my day...
reading my friend's rice purity test
getting scammed on CSGO
shitting in my pants on purpose after my brother in law told me: "I dare you to shit your pants, bitch."
telling the cashier "No thank you" when asked to pay
Drinking Almost 1000mg of Caffeine
doing Imgur Secret Santa
unknowingly commenting mean stuff about my gf's appearance.
thinking my farts didn't have a smell
not closing my water bottle
sending a coworker a extra cringe NSFW pic
searching for vibrators on my brothers amazon account
sucking dick for the first time and having cum leak out of my nose
unloading into my pants
My girlfriend fucked up by breaking an egg in her vagina
refilling a toner cartridge... with waste toner.
not wearing a pad
accidentally posted edited and unedited photo of myself at the same time
killing a bird
snowballing myself
having X-rays done on my feet without washing them first
trying to do a nice thing
forgetting where stuff was in my room.
installing a programming software
Throwing my phone out the car window while spilling piss all over myself
getting tricked by a girl from another continent
trying to tell my bf about about my rough work day, messages went to my pyramid scheme friend
Today I Fucked Up by watching One Piece
unknowingly using my boyfriend’s glory rag as a wipe and now I’m pergnaten
passing a stopped school bus on the opposite side of the road, was pulled over, and now have to go to court.
going into my fathers “recently deleted” folder on his iPhone
catching a bra mid air.
not going to the city
not following frozen meal instructions
plugging our unfinished project in our school, caused fire and injured my class president
making my teacher think I'm into overwatch pregnant porn
accidentally UVC my eyes.
being trans and losing weight
pranking my son and possibly scarring him irreparably for life.
Accepting the Kiss of Death Gig at Work
telling someone I raped a cow
going behind my girlfriend's back with her ex-boyfriend.
trying to fix my built in freezer ice maker
screaming “UP YOUR A$$HOLE B1TCH” while my AC was getting fixed
taking an ex co-worker on a date
Having "quiet fun" whilst friend sleeping
for trusting my so called friends at work.
accidently leaving the washing machine on Wash and Dry with my shoes
entering my zoom class with the wrong name
rickrolling the whole university during my friend's lecture!
trying to stake out my (girlfriends) backyard
TIFUby forgetting the leave the Discord channel.
changing my tyres.
technically yesterday) by flipping off a cop
I sent my suitcase down an escalator at the speed of sound.
wiping my ass to hard
being so nice the police had to be called.
spraying liquid rubber all over my hands and ankles
Today I Fucked Up making my son thunk I'm into some sadistic movies.
going to the park at night
getting stuck in a small rock for TEN HOURS waiting for the new low tide
lighting my face on fire
eating cereal for breakfast.
nearly killing my husband while having sex
leaving my phone unlocked
scaring some mysterious group of three people
cleaning up after my dog.
telling a your-mom joke to my coworker.
getting poison ivy on my balls.
when I started sharing porn with my girlfriend’s brother in law
kissing and falling in love with my close friend
accidentally giving my grandmother a tablet with weird porn on it
ruining my wedding anniversary outing.
I voided the wrong check
wearing a bondage collar to the store
neglecting my girlfriend...
eating cake
making my crush realize he has feelings for his best friend.
telling my little cousin that if he want something then he can let me know
drinking coffee on an empty stomach
forgetting where I parked my car and waving down 2 officers on bicycles who helped me file a police report which led to me laying on the ground, guns drawn...
my landlord saw my sketchy porn websites
Destroyed over $1000 of weed.
accidentally jamming my sliding glass door by knocking over the box fan as i walked outside.
using my AC while there is a birds nest on it
calling a guy with ALS a 'braindead moron' over Twitter
forgetting that tipping exists
having a sleepwalking episode and letting out my gecko.
watching a guy go down on a girl on the same couch as my boyfriend's parents
losing my partner £560
opening reddit in a public library
masturbating at a family reunion with my door unlocked.
for refusing the opportunity to have sex for the first time
catching Covid and smoking a dab
asking a coworker how his dead dad is doing.
attempting to save my friend's relationship
leaving my monitor on
sticking my finger in a lobster claw
puking on breakfast for my hubby and kiddo.
being lazy and not looking at what I was eating
having a dream.
going to the LA airport and getting sneezed on
throwing away a rice cooker
being stupid.
destroying a young man's flourishing business because I had to take a dump
Saying "I give up" on a public debate
playing with magnets
...
Apple iPhone X 64GB Factory Unlocked Phone
going to Dunkin' Donuts
when my mother thought She was only a friend.
letting my cat catch a bird
Sexuality
What's something you did that you can't tell anyone because it's so stupid?
eating a whole bag of hot cheetos alone at 2 am
letting my 10yo remove his own splinter.
sucking off another boy, who is my cousin and my grandpa caught us.
trying to microwave hard boiled eggs
getting banned from my fave discord server
using that new 'gender-changing' filter on FaceApp
breaking a bone...and it wasn't even mine!
attempting the straight arm challenge
nearly letting incense burn down my house
forgetting that my co-worker has a kid with my same name
I got caught with my girl by her aunt
relaxing on the top of a garage
eating beans This is a repost because my last attempt was removed for not having 750 characters.
not cleaning the kitty litter so my cat peed on and broke my expensive laptop
not knowing what morning sickness was.
forgetting to mute myself on zoom
instituting a “point system” for my spouse to try to get housework done
using Emojis in a Reddit Post🤪🤪
Bye bye gaming laptop
climbing on a metal wall
tuning my flooring right as we are closing the sale on our house.
I got scammed on Wish and I am about to lose a lot of money HELP!
jerking off online
Pavloving my girlfriend to get sexually aroused by philosophy
forgetting my key and driving on the wrong side of the road
making this post and now my phone won’t stop going off
bruising my penis
letting my ADD get the best of me mid-convo.
jump-roping barefoot
Backed into family dog
up by saying “hand job” in class
being careless with a hedge trimmer.
eating hot peppers and touching my nuts
edging
getting drugged in the comfort of my own home
not closing the men's public restroom door
forgetting my wallet the night I was going to propose
buying gems on clash of clans on his dads ipad
not believing in my BF’s insecurity.
telling my daughter a bedtime story.
listening to my audiobook loudly outside
loving prunes and forgetting that they’re laxatives
yawning at the beach.
going on a date out of desperation
TL:DR  screwing up dinner so bad that neighbors checked on us
reading all the fake sex stories and thinking those were real.
leaving my tail gate down and driving to work.
showing my kid my snood
nearly booting an innocent child from his automobile.
not asking my dad something I probably shoulda asked him
because I realized I should have never made video content for my people for almost 9 Years! TL;DR
shitting my pants at the airport
showing my date the latest porn I have watched
not knowing how to drive a stick shift.
realising I too have been walking down stairs wrong forever sleeping
accidently leaving an old lady stranded in the wrong supermarket
speeding then forgetting about the speeding ticket.
May have killed a dog
turning on a toaster covered in car urine
getting the title of hacker
laughing too hard in front of my girlfriend whilst in my birthday suit covered in whipped cream and wetting the couch
threatening my black husband with the cops.
"burning" my eyes while cooking
trying to ring my ex drunk
masturbating with my sister
sending a Christmas card (NSFW)
giving myself a facial during web sex
taking too much LSD and getting a bad trip
misreading my (25M) girlfriends (47M) sarcasm and having a mental breakdown
leaving the engine running to warm up my car
doubting my girlfriend's commitment in a virtual world which made her dump me
putting Aloe with alcohol in it on my sunburn and peed on myself
trusting my wife on which channels were HD
A Beer Vendor FU The Star-Spangled Banner
texting my friend
thinking my dream was real.
taking my son for a walk dressed as Star-Lord
getting in a relationship
doing everything from this sub
using my ex (who had me blocked) as a text journal.
Taking My Boyfriend to the Beach
letting my curiosity get the better of me.
tasting a cute girls drink in front of her.
NOT being a Trump supporter. And now I will starve to death.
By unknowingly ordering anal lube
I accidently poisoned my wife
attempting to shave my pubes and causing a huge mess both down there and in the bathroom
copying project from the internet and submitting it for my last year viva exam.
having no sense of awareness
thinking of getting a pet fox, and stinking up my whole house
TFIU by deleting my Nintendo account
Can't we just change the name of the subreddit to "time I fucked up" instead of "today I fucked up"?
not clipping in while rock climbing.
staying awake when supposed to be sleeping
reading a of a guy confessing to his crush.
not muting my microphone
sending nudes to my then boyfriend
ordering the wrong taco and ruining my career
talking bad about a company without knowing fully about the company I was talking to
dropping $200 cause I’m picky
and ate meat
pooping at Costco
awkwardly exiting a job interview
getting brown makeup all over my bathroom
accidentally sending my wife a link to a porn video
No snow-tires
having a mental breakdown
accidentally letting my neighbour film me masturbating
emailing a colleague asking him to fight me
proudly calling myself a racist and then doubling down on it when called out.
sleeping with earplugs
googling “porn” at work and got caught
beating Minecraft without connecting to the internet, causing me to not get the iconic achievements i should have got.
Today i (almost)fucked up by having sex with a guy at the bar
overloading my brain
Not bringing umbrella
baking a spacecake that's way too strong
getting attacked by a moose
showing a classmate my vagina
making my boyfriend feel gross
wiping my ass with my white mask at work.
snacking on my tooth
giving myself dandruff for 15 years
Is this whole sub just ironic satire?
shouting ‘Dildo!’ at my boss. Dildo was not the word I was looking for.
shitting in my son's nappy bin in front of my girlfriend
Today I Fucked up and ended up running myself over.
The day my teacher stole my headphones:
Today I fucked up by unintentionally chanting something misinterpreted to be racist
not knowing what CP stand for in English
I farted at the wrong time!
I lied to my gf, subsequently felt guilty and confessed, now my relationship is about to be ruined
mismanaging cats and not paying attention to my FitBit notifications.
forgetting to delete a name of the worse person i have the displeasure of knowing
accidentally burned a fly when smoking weed and caused a fire in my boyfriend’s room.
offering to work for free after getting laid off
replacing the “Dog Butt Scissors” with the “Kitchen Scissors.”
scaring myself shitless by accidentally recording a slow-mo video
looking at a private image
getting my neighbor pulled over and ticketed
scaring my sisters neighbor
please help me
dipping my cookies in milk
attaching a fortnite hack script in the email I sent my boss.
confusing my underwear with my mask at my gym
Finding My Moms Vibrator.
not paying attention to the tide
peeing to a garbage bin
didn't study have a physics exam tomorrow
looking a crush up
leaving the door open
cutting the end of my thumb off on my birthday.
inserting the wrong coin into the vending machine
defending a brutal dictator in class
telling someone with a mental disability to write in proper English
drop kicking Jesus into a crowd.
forgetting to mute my class chat group on messenger.
scaring my neighbor and getting shot with a BB gun
know yelling "RUSSIA!" incorrectly in trivia
thinking I did enough to help my kid adjust to his new school
ordering a prostate massager off of Aliexpress ordering a prostate massager off of Aliexpress
accidentally streaming instead of recording my math class.
I ruined a friendgroup with 1 meme
last night while pet sitting for my next door neighbour.
breaking my toe trying to save some sunglasses.
calling someone with autism retarded.
I cheated on an exam online while in quarantine. I was convoked to a meeting with my teacher. I may lose everything if they find out. Help.
sleeping with a face mask on
Saved 10 m² of the Amazon rainforest
as a hospital caretaker
reporting my own stupidity to the local state troopers
I broke my girlfriends bed not even in a good way
I did the milk first and then my cereal.
spending time outside my room
eating broccoli soup.
forgetting my zoom mic was on
fingering my ex with hot pepper residue on my fingers
trying to impress a guy I liked
letting my gf do my laundry
letting my anger out
making Jalapeño Poppers
going to a small Festival
slicing my thumb open on one of the dullest kitchen utensils ever to be conceived by men
By getting ‘Da Bomb’ hot sauce on the end of my gigglestick.
Dislocating My Shoulder
not taking better care of my teeth
My mom knows to much about my sex life
terribly regretting a decision after having been convinced of it.
by not taking better care of my teeth
forgetting I have food intolerances
blazing a joint when I don't know where I am
allowing my Dad to discover my wife has bought a new vibrator.
accidentally telling my professor that I was on Adderall :))
almost shitting on my plumber
destroying a 4 yr olds heart on Christmas
almost burning down my grandmothers house the day before my mother's birthday
trying to help my younger brother with his bully
Living Near Package Stealing Neighbors
jokingly threatening the Queen in front of her security
saying something on speakerphone with kids around
messing up a word in a sentence
scarring some kids for life
Terrible gas station incident.
TDIF
baking cum over Christmas
washing an errant sock
msging the wrong person about how much I wanted to have sex with her
I have become death, destroyer of worlds
I shit my pants and burnt the pizza
not wearing underwear underneath my stockings
Ripping a Nasty Fart
abandoning my child.
stumbling on 35000 USD and quite possibly giving someone a heart attack.
using an even stickier substance to clean something sticky
Today I fucked up by wining like a toddler.
Cancel my fries!
Jshshdjsj
calling my mom a motherfucker in front of 30 people
cheating Even though I am single.
forgetting my good friend I was playing with is named Karen
taking more than the reccomend dose of enhancers 20m did anybody here had priapism before? If so what was the outcome
swearing in my online assignment
calling a coworker Ed
pretending I was getting kidnapped while my dad was taking a piss
calling a ride attendant in universal studios a trash can
selling my CS:GO knife
thinking that incels weren’t real
making out with my gf while not feeling well.
trying on a bra
not saying the semester's over.
creating a fake news article, and telling a 7 year old kid that there was a asteroid coming for earth.
eating cassava cake that went bad.
going to McDonald's
being exhausted...
wearing ripping my pants
switching pages mid jerk and now my parents think i jerk off to patrick the star accidentally sending a rule 34 art to family discord.
grinding against a poor ladies bum in a McDonald's
making up a story about a prominent figure in public.
getting high with my crush and “petting her”
thinking ill sleep through the night
jamming too hard in the shower
almost killing my grandma
getting caught by my mum with my nana's massager down my pants
being a new driver in the snow
saying "Whose your daddy?" with an upset stomach
wearing a diva cup to yoga class
waking up at 4pm
applying aftershave to my hemorrhoids.
not knowing what 'pike' means
destroying my yard.
giving myself a hitler-stache and attending a christian zoom call.
taking a shit with my dog
wanting a taco on New Year's Eve
eating too many spicy noodles and then holding the aftermath in.
taking Cialis at at 24
telling my daughter the name of a Pokémon
telling a dick joke in front of my grandma
imitating my student while thinking she was a bird
almost drowning at 6
not double checking my shipping address when it auto filled
ruining my surprise party
accidentally calling my friend cute.
not telling my girlfriend I gave a pack of condoms to my friend
almost hitting and probably killing a bunch of little kids in my car.
Today I fucked up by sumbitting an assignment on genetics in which I used the word "submissive" instead of "recessive" three times.
making this self absorbed girl who likes me prove that she can be decent.
forgetting my mother’s work schedule
believing I could flush a carrot down my shared toilet.
(possibly) being responsible for a tenant's death
getting ready for school
saying my super secret catch phrase
handling my phone to mom (dad called) and i forgot about the porn playing on the background.
getting getting catfished and blackmailed for my nudes
โบว์ เบญจศิริ โพสต์ข้อความเจ็บลึก หลังมีคนดราม่าเรื่อง เตี้ย มช.
"หมาก" เก๊กหน้าไม่ไหวแล้ว "มิว" ยิ้มแฉ่งทำเซอร์ไพรส์วันเกิดใน "อกเกือบหักแอบรักคุณสามี"
not wearing anti static gloves upon replacing my PC part being way too fucking honest.
Hei who Want To see This video - Warriors full Movie Battle scene Check link - https://youtu.be/r-of5NjAlhk
giving my baby my frozen breast milk
going out for a run at 2 in the morning and getting locked out, in the rain.
getting caught by my roommate not only wanking but coming.
trying to catch a falling cactus
telling the girl I like,that how much I like her.
telling my 3 year old she was breastfed
broke my arm while dancing in the shower
diluting myself into believing I had at least one person who gave a shit.
I really want to grow on YouTube my YouTube is BlnkzPR
tbagging this idiot
trying to impress a French girl
pranking my sister with a fake phone number
I shit all over myself
cutting jalapenos for my wife
Telling a Caller to "Stick it Somewhere"
moving the chair when my Granpa was about to sitselling my car
unknowingly masturbating for 6 hours straight.
posting a gif of my dog being cute
going to the toilet and ending up with a turd in my hands
spilling Gatorade everywhere
farting during my online class
accidentally asking out a new work colleague within earshot of other work colleagues my ex knows and possibly her too without meaning to
sending a message involving money to my mom by accident.
Today I fucked up by getting my GFs account banned from a sub (and potentially cost us help we needed) while trying to do something nice
sending the fresh prince opening song as a presentation letter for a job application
showing my dad a picture
wrestling my gf
being lazy and losing my chance to play a game I've been waiting to play for years
I think I f**** Up my life
masturbating myself until I passed out
taking off my pants while laying on bed
accidentally quitting smoking.
playing with my dog during a zoom meeting
being honest with the phone company
dropping a deuce during a HS lockdown drill.
wearing wearing a thong while tanning.
causing 2020.
changing my shampoo.
not explaining what an urn was
having my dad get stuff from my exes apartment
calling my male friend daddy
joining an online community
walking into my parents having sex.
doing my research and unintentionally making my heart break
yelling at my cat in the middle of the night
giving a classmate the wrong number
accidentally rejecting a girl.
making my SO cry because i supported her youtube career
muting someone in a MS teams meeting so they couldn’t be heard by anyone
exposing myself to the Amazon delivery driver
feeding squirrels
accidentally calling the cook at Five Guys remaking my burger a dick
closing a door without checking what's behind it
My wife thinks I'm a Bronie. (adult that loves My Little Pony)
being too ugly
telling a new coworker to f*** off
doing an online class while my father played South park the stick of truth
accidentally catching my BF's father watching porn while stroking his cats butthole
Almost Blowing Up The Engine On My Trusty Honda Civic
not understanding sarcasm
swearing at a stranger when I was not in the situation to.
accidentally having Urine in my mouth
putting jalapenos in my vagina
Oh boy....and totally embarrassed my 21 year old son and his gf
eating really, really, really spicy Nashville hot chicken
using a password that describes what I want to do with my wife's bestfriend.
again eating way to much at the bbq
answering a call from a scammer at work and not realizing it was a scammer.
putting a tissue deep in my ear
sending a dick pic to 25 people
texting a customer on accident
making my dad think I want to kill myself because of my bondage kink
sending a nude to my mom
having my whole fingernail ripped of by shopping cart.
asking a dumb question when the answer is obvious
shaving my boyfriend’s head
getting my roommate out of a job interview
leaving "special things" behind at my exes
breath shaming my wife during a quarantine.
revealing my crush/fixation to a fellow Twitch streamer
at a work party
accidentally stealing someone's art.
leaving my turtle out on yard, but then it disappeared.
missing my birthday party
visiting a Website to see what it’s all about
seeping really sweaty with my GF.
thinking a Gucci bag was for sale
HHHB
opening porno in incognito mode.
showing my aunt a love song I had written for my cousin
for putting the Bible under my bed.
accidentally outing my teen sister's pregnancy
Applying for the Same Job Twice with Different CV's
Today I fucked up by Being Terrible at Flirting
Today I fucked up and lost me best friend
accepting to help my cousin writing a song for her GF
teaching my nephew how to take drugs
Bye bye Karma
"manicuring" my gums to fix my small teeth.
dropping an eggplant and forgetting about it.
going down a hill on my rollerblades that was way too steep.
vividly hallucinating and upsetting the neighbours
burning my hand on a copper chef handle
accidentally spooning with my boss
not putting correct instructions on Postmates delivery order.
not letting Chad use the computer
NSFW- - having sex with my girlfriend a repair technician walks in on us.
Ignorance is bliss when renting a beach house.
not taking my earpods from my ears while using the automatic toilet in the stall at the restroom at work.
cooking Enchiladas
finding out the person I subleased from charged me for a security deposit she never paid for.
and made my mum cry
seducing my too drunk fiance
Big mistake
playing with a Fushigi
forgetting to check my room
passing on the perfect woman
Pranking my Parents
getting high and being a dick to a deaf waitress
Making a tomato sauce
thinking Kanye West was joking
shitting in the wrong toilet at my in-laws
TIFA by accidentally flipping someone off
when I smoked a joint
morning coffee tuna breathe
making this post.
not checking what I wrote and then posting it onto Reddit.
hugging my interviewer
almost going on a date with a creep.
teaching a friend how to identify flirting
when my girlfriend caught me hump*ng a stuffed animal
sniping my sis and giving her a bazooka (in game)
Inhaling Fire
asking Alexa to play a song at an mall Amazon Kiosk.
texting my girlfriend if she wanted to have sex later, and her 11 year old son read it while playing a game on her phone.
helping my sister's co-worker cheat on her boyfriend after day-drinking all day.
and wore a bathrobe to work
not shipping a computer with enough packing material.
triggering my dad's war memories
masturbating knowing damn well that my brother was gonna enter the room
being a petty and horrible older brother.
Rolled into a friends car
the photo taken 7-8 years ago.
forgetting to add a W2 when filing my taxes.
wanting another popsicle.
using my roommates crotch rag in the shower.
saying ef your mom to a kid whose mom died two years prior.
looking for used skis at work
not paying attention that I haven't switched the camera to show the recording of me attending class, and accidentally flashing to the whole class
accidentally ruining my partner's orgasm
telling my brother what I THOUGHT a prima Donna was
accidently writing a racial stereotype
telling a customer i piss in bottles
agreeing to a hookup with a woman I met on a dating app
sending a meme to a group cha
ruining friendship over dungeons and dragons
letting my stepdad’s dog loose.
giving probably the largest tip ever...
accidentally eating a Whopper from Burger King, even though I don’t eat red meat.
going on a hike and getting pooped... literally.
accidentally sending Fat Fur art to my friend.
saying “F” in real life
vaping at my school job and getting caught by my students.
having sympathy in a security environment.
falling down the stairs cause my foot was numb
playing “Flash the pizza guy”
Memories are usually attached with positive or negative feelings. Using the following technique you will feel better about a that happened in the past and drastically improve your relationships with the people related with your experience. (Click bait title not intended)
I sprained my ankle trying to defend a helpless handicapped man.
dropping the C bomb in an engagement speech
looking up a classmate on LinkedIn
making a joke to a friend
taking a shit on speed amphetamine.
spraying too much Biofreeze on my back that it dripped into my ass and balls.
blowing out my ear instead of just sneezing inside of my mask
By letting the fat girl sit out
shitting soo hard I tore my groin
using my Fiancés bread knife to scratch my sunburn
falling into a well while drunk and not wanting to shout for help.
I asked my teacher what her favorite condom was
throwing a snowball at my dads car
NSFW; My dad thought the house was burning down and I saw his whole dick
splashing a bloody tampon on another cars windshield while driving
giving my food to my dog and fucking up my teeth.
when I made a driving mistake and was recognized
CALLING my Wife by MY EX-GIRLFRIEND'S NAME.
including the wrong personal statement in my grad school application.
trying to add some humour to a statistical investigation
Trying To Ask Out a Girl I Was Trying To Impress.
eating glazed doughnuts with sugar ants on them.
forcing a fart in the car
not knowing when my period was going to come and bleeding Niagra Falls during sex
throwing roasted chicken at a Passover dinner.
accidentally sipping carbonated vegetable juice
sharing a picture and getting confronted by the subject
introducing a 6 year old to a card game
adding to my cats brain damage.
Missing my tongue
slapping my GF
having Reddit as a widget
not doing research when I had severe pain in my testicles
for ruining a romantic bolthole NSFW
Dildo got stuck vibrating in my ass
watching Borat with my family
telling my entire course about my first time getting wasted
brushing my teeth with face wash.
teaching a bird to cuss
forgetting to check the numbers for the bookings for my sister's bachelorette night
paying a ransomware company $4000
putting olive oil in my hair
trying to be fit.
texting the guy I'm seeing something "cute" and ended up being dumped, presumably for being insensitive.
leaving everything to last minute whilst proving God exists
telling my girlfriend she isnt as attractive as my cousins girlfriend
not putting band aids on my nipples before the morning run
making my two-year-old niece cry using the 3D animals on GoogleTime Disillusionment
محمد العرش المشرف المجموعات
eat shoe
drunk calling my ‘ex’
speaking about my mental illness online.
Trying to Spice Up Sexytime
TOFU by sneezing in a weird way
saying the N word
farting loudly in front of innocent men and women
eating a bag of hard candies
Petition to ban all sex related stories for a month
being bad at spelling
making fake people
using a toy
eating popcorn before going to the dentist
trying to tell my husband he always pleases me (sexually).
shattering my mother's very old casserole dish for Christmas
laughing at a “white power” gaffe
finding out my ex has reddit...
nearly setting my workplace on fire
assaulting my doctor with no pants on
trying to warn a coworker and almost getting fired.
accidentally pantsing my sister during a job interview
being overzealous on a dating app
leaving my car unlocked
opting to tip my Uber driver with cash
getting explosive diarrhea on the first date
spending over 1k on tvs and headsets when it was just one simple trick away
Exit this way (Text)
trying to get health insurance
trying to watch a movie with my kids
Chromecasting gore to my neighbours TV
putting a small cell up my nose.
having sex with this guy and bleeding all over him.
being a social fuck up
eating random curry
joining wrong job interview online conference
not taking a bet seriously
sending my fiance a picture of my shit while he was eating dinner with his family
using the handicap stall
not socialising with the outer world
I splotched my better half with salty nastiness in bed
playing tag with my cat and almost breaking my finger
not masterbating in over a month
Farting directly on a stranger
accidentally getting blood on my bed
Pissing on Myself at Work
Being An Emo in Public
thinking that Jon Hamm and Joseph Fiennes were the Same Actor
working with my cousin to give a girl he likes a gift.
showing by giving my new doctor a full frontal view
helping my dad find houses for rent on his iPad
not carefully reading the schedule for my interview.
accidently giving myself a facial
when I put cream cheese on my balls and let my dog eat it
Putting My Hand In a Kitchen Aid
Flairs
accidentally flashing my d*ck to my mum and little sister.
Thrusting Too Hard !!
having fun time with my friends mom
injuring my Penis masturbating to Bella Thorne
assuming there was only one Asian
showing my teacher a Brandon Rogers video
forgetting to change the university name in the essay that I copy/pasted into my college app
wasting my time with a webtoon creator that lowers the property value of the entire internet.
Worst Tinder Fuck Up Yet...
trying to be hotter than a porn star
taking advantage of a girl on her 18th birthday
Working at the election at the election center
cleaning my bong with a stick from a diffuser. It was the only thing I could find that was long enough to do the job. Just got a lung full of jasmine perfume flavoured smoke and wondering what the side-effects of inhaling diffuser oil are.
asking my brother to rip out my cowlick
shaving against the grain
almost 1 1/2 days ago) by snorting ice (meth) but still feel stimulated
Report My Professor
leaving the house and having police called on me for assault
Calling Myself the 'Ultimate Cuck'
saying my husband that I don't like her sister
missing social cues so I guess I'm just staying up
being caught wanking
slightly mixing drugs and almost dying.
having explosive diarrhoea in school and stinking a whole class.
watching porn
sporklunking the green eyed gizzard
telling a cheerleader off
causing a rubber band shortage
blasting the Russian National Anthem on my Bluetooth speaker
Illegally Downloading a Chinese movie
being dumb btw she was hot!
eating McDonald’s on a empty stomach
not being able to make it to shitter and taking a shit midway to my GF's bathroom
dropping a TV on myself
got hit by a car on my run
making a game way more difficult then it should have.
leaving a sex toy out at my girlfriend's dads house.
eating hot wings
when I unloaded leaky battery cores
being scared of maths
making a remark about valleygirls
getting drunk like I was on a mission
trying to clean my husbands tv screen after he told me not to
express shipping a Fleshlight.
putting my fingers in an electrical outlet.
flirting w/a recruiter going into a female bathroom and smiling at a girl as if nothing was wrong here.
completely standing up the CEO of a seed-funded start-up for a video call
speaking before thinking
Ignoring My Father Who Fell Into An Elevator Shaft
because
leaving an image of a broken glass dildo open while my gay professor came into the room.
being permanently suspended
having a horrid first wet dream at 27 years old
taking a home seller at their word
Today I fucked up by not giving the extra ounce of energy mind you, before deciding to rush to make a quick lunch for everyone!
putting cucumbers on the walls of my highschool
saying I hate you to my mom
saying out loud to my family that my cousin has gone out for a one night stand
missing school &amp; thinking someone was trying to break in the house.
closing my window on a lizard
putting a fruit-rollup on my dick and letting her suck
taking pro-cycling tips from my Ironman triathlete FWB
showing my physio the wrong knee
taking a dump without making sure there was toilet paper
sending an nsfw link to my friend, which ended up with him stealing my ip adress, warning about him ddossing me and he also sent pictures of my face to some shady russian guy and probably a popular server.
diffusing piss in an essential oil diffuser
mistaking a little person for a small child.
Accidentally sent text intended for my drug dealer to my teenage daughter
getting boiling water all over my arm
whistling the intro to a porn site during Thanksgiving
when my dog bit my grandma, I texted my dad and forgot to pick it back up
I tripped on a rock and fell at a police officer
leading people to think I have an abused child
having an overdraft in a Canadian account (Int Student)
smoking what was probably synthetic weed
getting knocked out by a cat
I thought it was hil-ar-ious... while I was high. BUT IT WAS NOT, WHILST SOBER.
/ making a grilled cheese with no cheese or bread
calling the cops on a domestic dispute without all the context.
posting a guide on how to make gallows to my workplace slack channel
leaning up to kiss my ex
"โรนัลโด้" แค่ที่ 2 !ท็อป 10 สุดยอดการเซ็นสัญญาของ "เซอร์ อเล็กซ์ เฟอร์กูสัน" สมัยคุมแมนยู
opening google chrome on someone phone
chatting with a girl that isn't my girlfriend
getting robbed
getting constipation and needing an emergency dentist all on the same day
gifting the priest's daughter a sex toy for christmas.
looking through the window of an operating theatre door.
giving roadhead on the way to work
buying a laptop online
poisoning myself with chemical brownies.
being racist to an old white man
not knowing how to drive a stick shift after a long run
saying I drink whiskey frequently
watching porn on my dad’s computer
TIF by not knowing that I could minimise comments and comment threads.
trying on a new dress
Scaring My Mailman
Four times to be married is a lot
and asked my Boss to introduce me to his Wife
Accidentally showed my boobs
drinking to many emergen-c packets
ripping my stimulus check and then reading wtf reddit had to say about it
taking my phone and keys paddle boarding
unblocking the throne in a rush.
testing my spicy limits (NSFW)
A military story
offering my wife drugs in front of her boss
Rip
not checking my phone, or locking my door.
By Telling My Autistic Son we are going to Disney Land Next Year.
not identifying epilepsy my whole life.
being an ornery hippie about walking down the street with a joint
giving my long distance boyfriend his present for Valentine’s Day.
not having to stop to breathe for a moment when saying “I won’t wear a mask” before continuing my statement.
sending a girl, a meme biology test question paper
I had leftover food from a party and got explosive diarrhoea in school and stunk up the entire class.
forgetting how to spell my own username and wasting my friend's time for 5 hours.
scolding the drunks in a see-through shirt
accidently getting my girlfriend pregnant during a pandemic
taking a casual walk through a public nature reserve NAKED
having my sister and her boyfriend help me move a sofa
sleeping on my back.
failing a backflip
being absolutely intrigued by a towel.
accidently touching ass with girl
christening the car...
accidentally lightening my brown hair almost strawberry blonde. seeing my teacher's dickpick
guessing Maryland's official Sport
going for my usual nightly walk and almost got mauled to death by a 170lb Mastiff.
not Reading the Pill Bottle's Label
being a degenerate and storing my own piss
Today I fucked up by training myself to fear the sound of my door opening
asking out my colleague for cup of tea
screaming so loud my cat shat itself.
watching 10 things I hate about you...
escaping the rain
getting my compliant driver's license.
using Omegle to find girls to “exchange images” with
not paying the groomers
nearly killing myself and 8 others
giving my opinion
Talking about the DJ
not finding an Easter egg
I regret it
almost burning down my apartment within a month of moving in
starting a KitKat trafficking business in school
not reading the requirements for my annual check-up
using my knee oven in front of friends
smoking outside
deleting Reddit temporarely!
getting my wife pregnant while engaged to another woman.
going on a trip with my ex and some friends
climbing a tree and falling without a shirt or socks on.
taking nude of photos of me with my moms phone, forgetting she has recycle bin on her phone
lying to the IRS during a surprise interrogation
My phone got stolen today.
Weightloss strategy.
asking my boss if he wanted a bite of my muffin...
taking my tests without a lockdown browser
mistaking a woman at a pub for a pornstar
having poor communication skills
ignoring insurance agent's advice
playing porn over the loudspeaker at work.
Today I fucked up by building a gaming PC
Tired and angry
eating dinner with my parents.
whipper snipping shit all over myself
sexey sedx avoiding food made by my aunt?
eating a 50mg edible as my wife went into labor.
grabbing a hot pan
Suicide
cutting my hair
making my neighbourhood think the sweet old lady next door died
talking to two girls and they are twins
cutting down 12 oak saplings that I later found out were a memorial for a deceased partner getting unspeakable stuff stuck in my sinuses.
I tried to get creative and ended up at the hospital
using ign on e-learning sites
making my gf shoot a butt plug across the room
throwing away a piece of my husbands expensive Xbox remote.
peeing on my brother's friend's pants.
telling ghost stories
helping my husband!
cumming in my girlfriend's belly button.
getting the hint
touching a hot burner
trolling a troll on r/feminism
not following the hospitals advice
sucking on a spoon with Nutella.
‘losing’ my debit card
Poison Ivy Ditch
at Jersey Mike’s.
smoking weed in my dads house
making front of England in front of an English couple
Washing machine mess ups
Parking on a spot for disabled people.
feeding my boyfriend my nails
sent my friend a discord server link
spending 40$ for a skin in a video game
upsetting my sister who still loves pranks even though I am in my 40's.
going late for work and getting groped on the subway
accidentally calling the EMS
Drinking Tea Naked
figured, why not?
telling a salesman i’m autistic
bringing my own jar of cheese to a restaurant and dropping it
driving into Mexico by mistake
for buying a mock fox tail off of Wish.com
Village of incest, molesters, and worst....
not locking the door
unknowingly leaving the toilet door unlocked
downloading Hinge - 29(F) Worst date of my life complete with blood, dead dogs, accidentally getting stoned, car wouldn’t start, man with a purse, and now I might have bedbugs.
forgetting I’d already taken my ADHD medication and overdosed
Getting My Brother Kicked Out Because of HunterxHunter
letting my friend find my Furry Reddit account.
thinking my phone was broken for months when it wasn't.
eating the brown banana.
20 years later...
accidentally skipping my birth control pills
getting myself depressed because my crush didn't replay to me on social media.
starting the split of my friend group
deciding to get drunk on beer for the first time in a while and also had asparagus for dinner.
buy purchasing the wrong hair clippers and almost choking to death
shitting in a dead old lady's toilet.
not drinking water for god knows how long
Bee code fe7v
TIFY by Accepting an order from unverified client on freelancing website.
having a sleep problem
masturbating at night
getting a pet toucan
pouring chocolate milk in toaster
not defecating in my pants
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
going to a 2 year old's birthday party
making my SO think I want her to die.
Not Looking to See if There was TP
leaving my laptop unattended.
punching a random girl on the arm
Googling only female coworker in 30 person meeting while presenting my screen
"No. Cancer."
Left $150 of weed at a food truck. F*ck.
changing my iPhone contact image to the guy with the huge dong
accidentally teaching my toddler to call breast milk "boob juice"
thinking i was dying while masturbating and, consequently, flopping on a test the next morning
falling asleep on my phone
not knowing how to use a Mac
calling out my friend Blackest Star and his mom heard ‘black as tar’
I fucked up by going bicking with a friend and getting lost
finally checking under my fridge
crying so loud the entire neighborhood heard.
explosively on my Masseuse's dainty hand.
streaming porn on my TV while my grandparents were visiting.
walking into my wife’s work meeting completely naked
buying minecraft dungeons multiple times
calling a trans girl their name when they were a boy
Should have seen it coming
Counting down to take a piss
taking a nap at my mom’s house
sending private video to wrong group
letting my 12 year old brother believe that squirrels kill tens of thousands people a year.
shooting boiling water up my ass
trusting discreet packaging
naming to my boss every person in my work that was not wearing a mask.
Stuck hiding in girlfriends room while her strict parents are home
posting a picture of the Christmas tree
becoming President
trying to change my baby brother’s diaper.
sending a professional email from my personal email account I forgot was named “But Whole”
I lost my wedding ring after being married for 4 days.
accidentally bribing a TSA agent falling for one the few friends that gave me emotional support
provoking my drunk friend
Giving A Homeless Man My Last $50...
searching for a pad/tampon making a generalisation about Asians!
getting my nipples pierced
This is currently happening!
not checking the inside of my straw during summer
asking questions about Germany in their subreddit
touching the computer of a deceased person
rejecting to write an essay dropping my pants while in a wedding and my penis decided to wave hello.
trying to make butter during online class
leaving the gauze in my tooth socket for a week
accidentally making my teacher think I was planning a school shooting
Pi Network Cryptocurrency
buying a MacBook too early.
betraying what was a good friend
not knowing what a Gameboy was misjudging how easily my little cousin is influenced by gangster rap.
not ordering a bidet
becoming a cult leader in secondary school and getting expelled
trying to hold my boyfriend’s hand.
accidently unmuting myself in class
admitting to my GF about my sexual history, including with my cousin.
telling a widow ‘congratulations’ on her husband’s funeral, I meant to say ‘my condolences’.
a spam call app convincing my landlord I murdered my wife.
getting mad at my boyfriend because he’s better than me in every video game
I dont know if he knows
cleaning my son’s drawer.
making a Reddit bot that conspired to take over the world
meeting a friend(BFB/DI spoilers)
Should have seen it coming!
going on Tinder and video chatting.
using deeppeeling socks
Today I goofed but like 4 days ago and actually wasn’t me
putting a dildo up my buttocks
almost telling my parents I'm bi.
for accidentally making a self-h*rm joke about my gf.. (TW: Light mentions of self-harm)
not looking at the picture dates on tinder
spending money on a tinder hookup who threw me off her airbnb because she was too high
prioritizing a Minecraft joke over fun times with GF
catfishing my cousin
calling a girl B(!tch)
Flashed a pub on the way to a first date
insulting a dying patient to his face.
The Cock Whisperer
accidentally showing my dad a porn comic
doing international online dating.
saying the wrong Tommy's name.
not stopping what I was doing for 8 minutes to pay respects to George Foreman 😔😔🙏🙏🙏
Reading
cheating on a college test
getting drunk, having a concussion and running away from the EMT
losing in a chess to a girl
accidentally giving my son a direct view of my lady garden (yes, that is a euphemism...)
asking for a refund
when i bumped my waist into the slowcooker.
taking my meds in the dark
attempting a one night stand.
I made fun of “retarded” people during a zoom call with my daughter’s special ed teachers
being to drunk to obt out of a foursome, and having a panic attack in the middle of the bar.Second Video
not telling my friends that i'm a weeb
chopping peppers.
destroying an entire trip for dozens of people and a couple's honeymoon
accidentally showing my mom hentai.
acedentaly sending a dildo to my grandma.
sticking my penis in a jelly donut
forgetting my screen was being shared during a team meeting.
telling my parents that I love cum in my tum
telling my neighbours to not fuck loudly
DIYing lube.
making my gf jealous of my insect colony
accidentally having a truck in my ass
missing out on a decent job opportunity
Burning My Feet by Walking With no Shoes
saying an offensive word in an argument
when my mom found my cum blanket
sleeping with headphones, being super late for work and scaring my parents to death.
pranking a close friend by waking him up by using a subwoofer and a shotgun sound effect.
telling a girl i want to fuck a pig
(Probably) Giving Myself Salmonella
Cleaning Guns
eating raw garlic
watching 2 girls 1 cup
yelling at a handicapped man in a golf cart
sending my girlfriends mother very NSFW literature accidentally
allowing my cat to chill in the home office.
saying "porn" out loud in front of my family.
I secretly shat myself in front of my gf minutes before a potentially life-changing meeting.
Snooping in My Girlfriend's Car and Finding Her Massive Collection of Chewed Up Dildos
letting out a moan
buying another emotional support puppy for my girlfriend of 7 years
losing 10 grand to a fake cryptocurrency trading app
having my phone cleared
voyeuring on my favorite student on a video call
totally butchering my best man speech
Embarrassed by asking my dad about a donkey dick
thinking a shrimp was a carrot
wearing Dad's shoes
shaving my legs.
accidentally implying my sister's boyfriend should take a shower with me
making a 'yo mamma' joke
19  Kik @ Natalie42119 Let's have fun and some hot sexting too.
I accidentally told a little girl Santa isn’t real.
telling my fiance to get a job.
sexing with my sexy girlfriend, before having sex a sextillion times.
trying to stay active during the pandemic and ending up LITERALLY butthurt
shaving my vagina
making my coworkers think I was an very efficient racist
drinking alcohol and eating McDonalda
getting romantic in a Halloween Costume.
telling my family about how I wanted to hookup with a guy
praising the Nazis on public transport
not changing my Zoom display name from my previous call
setting my friends microwave on fire
giving my wife a facial scrubber for Christmas.
not doing my homework
signing up for something that ended up being something else.
opening a jar of garlic sat in room temperature for approximately 2 months.
spitting mucus directly in someone's face
Took edible before sex - came so hard I seriously hurt my back
making a huge mess on Christmas.
saying boing boing boing
Eating Aloe Vera with skin like a carrot.
A crunchy surprise
in my dms
cumming on my cat
I joe mama my substitute teacher
letting my dog eat 5 grams of pot
almost accidentally amputating my dick
White belt wrong class
making it look like I was breastfeeding a cat
Today I gave myself Jalapeno cookah
getting kicked out of camp for saying the n word
contacting my ex on Christmas from my friends' house who set us up
Shuffling my playlist and getting Rickrolled
thinking outside was safe.
not asking my coworker his age before hooking up. NSFW
pretending salt was "substances"
bringing a guy home:(
drinking chocolate powder... without the milk...
not logging out of my secret account.
I shaved my head
asking my girlfriend if she needed help with her JUMBO FUPA 😬
smoking weed and using Google
Alexa betrayed me.
spoiling the new Star Wars
online shopping for Valentines Day
going to school when it was cancelled, and having to stay there the whole day.
not getting a spare key for a year and then locking myself out of my car
i accidentally turned in an assignment that I did about a week and a half late.
finding my dad's debit card
getting caught smoking with my ex and having to get picked up by a guy he doesn’t know about.
Telling my Boss to “Fuck Off”
going to set up a checking account
forgetting the word for Cherrypicker
answering the door wearing a blanket. My pharmacy tech was way too comfortable chatting with me, pretending not to look when it slipped when I had to sign for my meds. It would’ve been less awkward if he hadn’t just gotten married &amp; I hadn’t hit on him right before when I didn’t know.
missing Tinder match's clear invitation to make a move and made it awkward during damage control
making my dad think I am part of some sort of small penis sex cult
passing out after smoking joint
giving my cell to my fiancee and she saw my naked pictures in the camera roll.
walking in a airport
being lazy in the checkout line at the grocery store
Using HelloFresh (and getting sent a dead lamb🐑)
ordering BWW
showing up two hours late to my 4 months job
feeding a turtle
stress eating more than 15,000 calories overnight
buy taking 2 brownies rather than just 1
gassy morning ruined sexy times
leaving a spider in my room overnight without getting rid of it
Volunteering Slip-up
when I asked the doctor to write lie in her report in front of cops
making my brother a peanut butter sandwich
sleeping inside the cussing out my sister
probaply losing my job
using the wrong words to describe my tangled hair
dropping my brand new scooter
hitting my Teacher with Chalk
cutting everyone in line and not realizing until I left the store
walking dogs
farting loud on a friend's leg while joking
complimenting someone's car
taking out the trash.
asking my mom for help
breaking my mom's car windshield
TFIU Used Condom - airport security
insisting a disabled person provide curbside pickup
switching schools after 2 months on my previous one
blasting porn in the school library on full volume
announcing over the airplane PA that somebody was looking at porn
looking into My brothers phone and finding out he's gay
going on a night jog
getting stabbed in the ass with a sword while masturbating
I promise I'm not gay
accidentally unleashing a wolf spider in my house. TLDR at bottom
spelling "warmly welcome" wrong for almost 2 years
I voted for Jo Jorgensen because I don’t like either candidate. Sorry mom.
making fun of my neighbor for not graduating college on time.
talking to an old friend
I accidentally exposed a my sister
I held on a stranger's arm and said "I love apple juice"
turning in my Oxford graduate Dissertation late
costing myself hundreds of dollars and ensuring I wont get laid for at least the next year
trying the worlds hottest hot sauce
dumping gross really old coffee on my work uniform before work
not wearing a cup to a poker tournament.
swinging on a goal net.
continuing the Bob Ross curse with telling my younger sister he's dead
trying love
trying to dislodge my feces by sticking a popsicle stick up my ass.
creating a webpage hating on a coworker
burying my penis
referring to a married man as “daddy”
Being caught by the horny police
eating some old candy
drinking alcohol and losing sense of reality resulting in me peeing on a friend
masturbating in front of my mom
sending a terrible joke to a group chat
posting a porn link in my works googledoc
accusing my son of stealing a Pokemon
always listening to others
having students I didn’t know existed
Losing my wallet in rural Japan.
trying to shave with one hand
accidentally revealing to my whole family that I masturbate every morning
not being able to focus on anything except what I'm passionate about
sneaking over to my girlfriend's house
sending fake homework to school for 2 months
playfuly throwing a glass of water to my boyfriend causing him to get 13 stitches
kissing my best friend's grandmother on the mouth
Asking the Stupidest Question Ever
refilling my detergent with a completely different chemical.
buying panties instead of socks and getting fap material in the weirdest way possible
Drying My Clothes
giving myself a nice treat for Labor Day.
conditioning my pubes.
Didn’t stand for the pledge in front of a 1st LT
telling my girlfriend she dropped her lube.
giving a homeless man a ride
because I ordered Postmates without my mom’s consent and now I’m grounded
calling a shuttlecock just a cock while playing badminton with my sibling in front of my parents.
inviting unwanted guests up my private parts
loudly exclaiming something in the spirit Halloween
almost burning down my my HOUSE!!!
shattering my bathroom sink
accusing my girlfriend cheating on me in our own bed.
donating to a cult
sending food over to my crush instead of sending to my friend
my birthday that my wife and I have been planning for a year
completely trashing my downstairs bathroom.
rinsing my contact lenses with allergy eye drops
showing everyone at work a very strange shit
almost suffocating in a public pool.
today i fucked myself
getting sympathy scammed out of my last £30
when streaming a game
Monday I fucked up by getting black out drunk at a work event and bit someone
causing a possible divorce at Game Night
being in too much of a hurry while helping my husband change his Depends (adult diaper).
my girlfriend Fucked me
cleaning my ears too much
swearing at my personal trainer
realising cake day is your reddit’s anniversary and not your birthday
laughing at a Kevin
letting reality slap me in the face.
meditating too much that I removed feelings of love, pain, etc from my life
Posting on FB asking for free labor
brushing my teeth with preparation H for 3 years
telling my massage therapist to not touch my privates
wiping my ass with poison oak
having a boner on a table
performing a ceremonial masturbation ritual in full view of my mom's coworkers
when i almost fell in the sea from a 20m rock... i didnt know how to swim at the time.
not knowing that I was in an open marriage for 10 years
not wiping my camera’s memory card
letting a dentist pull a tooth, break my jaw, and shave my teeth down
sharing a link to the movie Borat.
rubbing jalapeno juice on my clitoris
breaking into my own house and getting swatted afterwards
Electrocuted myself by thinking I could help technology
forgetting there are young kittens in my house
ruining my microwave and delicious lasagna with a gold plated plate
wanting a late night Christmas dinner
and am now getting the silent treatment from everyone I work with!
Anonymous and confidential doesn’t always mean anonymous and confidential
exposing my username to my group chat.
waking out to my parents with jizz in my hands
crashing the whole district internet to my school
asking who died
sending my current gf cute photos of me and my ex
enteting my dog's biting range
realizing I've been taking sleeping meds before work.
A small Mistake I made as a 10 year old ;-;
ignoring my intuition and making my wife step on a ,still alive, mouse at 3 am.
on trying to go deeper than I should have
nsfw] by delivering some food
cheating on a quiz
not stealing a coworker's early-in
leaving a lit candle on wooden table.

commenting on my friends dick.
hitting a parked car, breaking their axel and flipping my own car.
forgetting I changed my caller ID to "Banana Hammock"
screaming at my sister
kicking someone in the face in kickboxing
walking into the wrong dorm
texting my ex
listening "rape me" in class
accidentally grabbing a friends butt.
I have almost killed my boss wit a barb wire and a cow.
falling asleep on my toilet
dropping a chefs knife on my toe....
"losing" my menstrual cup not realizing I was wearing two at the same time
talking an edible for the first time
saying the wrong words to my pregnant „girlfriend“
accidentally pissing myself in bed
attending a call while online class was going
TWFU - The life insurance incident
Counting my parents chickens.
liking the "PhD roomies Xmas photo" of the guy who took my virginity...from the Twitter account where I post my porn
goodmorning
having bad karma
probably costing my girlfriend her Yoga Studio.
trying to watch a super loud Youtube video at school
assuming managers gender
adopting a kitten
TLDR for literally grabbing on an butt for dear life at the bus
putting the wrong gas in a mower.
throwing a hitch hook through a litterer’s car window.
threatening to tow someone’s car parked in my spot
putting sexual sounds in my Spanish class and accidentally increasing the volume.
making my "me time" a little too intense.
TOFU by Leaving My Gardening Clogs in the Yard at Night
not being used to the social norms of the pandemic
My Friend Fucked Up
not knowing my TV had a "Game Mode"
showering when the window cleaner was here.
Today I went #1 and as I bent over to flush, my E-cigarette fell into my unflushed pee.
leaving my door this morning
trying to fix someone's phone during pandemic
having nudes on my school computer
I Thought The Jug In My Step-Dad's Van Was Apple Juice......It Was Something Else.
having armed police and a helicopter arrest me because they thought I was planning to shoot people.
had sex on zoom class... unmuted
Tofu by accidentally throwing away 400 dollars worth of company merchandise
shitting myself at highschool
Anxiety over microwave
hitting a friend in public
forgetting a shift and going to work on mushrooms
thinking my appointment was at 10:00 instead of 12:00
Defecation Live
helping a homeless person inviting a homeless person to my house
wanting to believe my brother is a good person
saying white people couldn’t be Mexican
trying to bite off some dead skin
not taking into account my little brother with autism.
saying my friend is ‚too old‘
thinking I was smarter than an obscure dating website
spraying Icy Hot on my balls
pissing off my wife by comparing her to Anna Faris
Accidentally flashed my neighbor
telling my wife I wouldn’t defend my stepson with my life
Conference call bombs
being too fat and losing 25,000 dollars
takin a huge shittin 🤮
uploading some girl's (insta) picture in a Facebook comment.
Has anyone made a mistake this bad on zoom chat?
renovating my bathroom.
visiting the dark side of Reddit
smoking too much weed then convincing myself I was dying of the coronavirus
Did I fuck up bu skidding in a parking lot
complaining to my boss about a coworker
making spicy risotto even spicier and ruining my taste buts and throat for two days
Accidentally slapped a small child in the face
taking food from two senior citizens
forgetting to clean tabs from my phone.
Third mistake in 2 days!
sending a goodnight text to my band mate instead of my girlfriend
accidentally talking shit to violent gang members.
being to impatient
not knowing what a onion was
trying to be the office IT guy
Jumping to the least likely conclusions
wearing a very old pair of ski boots
going on a run with an ingrown toenail
throwing a chromebook
NSFW by smelling myself
sending my mom’s best friend a message that was supposed to go to my girlfriend on Instagram
My brother could’ve died and i was being an asshole
saving my bird feeders
making a soggy pizza
not telling my boyfriend that he forgot our 4 year anniversary today.
rubbing jalapeños all over my vagina
drunkenly revealing my darkest secrets to a crush
being a useless procrastinator
holding eye contact with my daughter during sex.
accidentally soliciting fecal-photos from students
stepping out to talk with my ex when I was with my girlfriend
discovering a new weight loss method
leaving a vacuum pump on my dick too long
declining a bitcoin donation in 2014
and the night ended with shouting “FUCK THE NAVY”
Wife travels a lot and don’t want to watch porn
making a dick joke about my FIL
tried to be efficient in drying my car
being an awkward child
gifting my best friend a vibrator and going out for lunch with her
saluting a Vietnam veteran
trying to sell my wii
breaking my gas tank cover
getting caught making out by a teacher
getting a wood marble stuck up my butt.
realizing that I have been singing an octave higher my whole life
breaking someone’s sprinkler
leaving expensive headphones on the bed
forgetting to take an exam that was 15% of my grade
telling my crush that I liked her
thinking I started to lose my hearing
almost letting someone die because I thought they were trying to prank me.
eating dinner outside with my parents
Trying to do burnouts at 3am in a residential area of town
going on a date
Someone got into my phone and was accidentaly on my school acc
commenting
being stoned in school
stealing from my best friends aunt
I drunkenly attempted to throw out a tenant, at 2:00am to have sex.
shitting on my wife at work
poisoning myself with powdered ant poison
drowning in front of my wife (not wife)
talking too loudly about weird stuff in class
getting yelled at in a different language in a different country
trying to make something sweet... while being lazy
trying to eat my own hand
insinuating I wanted to sell my steam account in a random discord server
flashing my little sister
having my roommate cook a meal.
making a racist joke in a youtube video
sending dick pics to my mom
almost rear-ending a police car.
getting drunk and high af while taking antibiotics
procrastinating the crap out of online classes
Laundry scented candle
masturbating infront of my mom and her friend
backing into Car after getting a Rental same day after borrowing it for 5 minutes.
not double checking the freshness of heavy cream
giving a joint to my friends mum.
I got my words mixed up making a passenger angry and me being really REALLY embarrassed
trying to catch a falling butcher knife.
waking up late/existing/the worst day of my life
explaining how septic systems work to my 4 year old.Today(Or rather a few days ago) I f*cked up
not having a v Goose (Canada Goose) and making my friend mad
getting bested by my shoes.
not having a lock on my door
not knowing that ethylene glycol (antifreeze) is an ingredient in most snow globes.
not putting a sleep timer on my tv and accidentally seeing the ending of a show.
asking a friend of mine to sleep down the hall at our mutual friend’s apartment
pissing off my injured bf
having sex with a DVD copy of a beloved Pixar movie.
leaving the roomba on while going to shower
flooding a room using a defrosting freezer
making a simple mistake at work
driving off at the pump
TIFI by accidentally letting a package thief go free, and totally having the chance to stop her.
when I spent money on a weakling
eating a Daim egg
not putting our used condoms in a closed lid bin so my dog found them, ate them, and shat them out on the lawn in front of my mum who's house we're staying at
trying to impress a girl online
pepper spraying myself in the eyes
liking a video on tiktok of a girl shaking her ass in front of wife
letting twitter have my camera permissions
misunderstanding my father over the phone
helping my grandpa work on his house
Parents of reddit, what incorrect but hilarious names have your children given to things?
having my girlfriend come to my house the night before going home
being lazy and stupid.
telling my entire 5th grade class I was sexually active.
giving out candy on Halloween
forgetting how far away I'd parked.
telling Microsoft support to suck my ****
creating a throwaway email
urinateing all over my smartphone NSFW
drinking Coke
ACCIDENTALLY Dosing my Brother's Dog
buying a Designer Drug
starting a war between my cat and dog.
Cooking stew with super spicy Korean sauce and cheese, we farted all night, can’t even sleep
giving my wife a full naked German suplex
going to the police station to report lost items and commiting traffic violation in front of the policemen
eating too much cannabutter
forgetting my keys, and I didn't even leave the property
thinking I was buying a used PS4 with Guitar Hero when actually I just bought Guitar Hero.
flashing my doctor with gw
arguing with my boyfriend while on a Zoom-Meeting
playing a video game and making the cops turn up
I slit deep into my hand
expressing to my recruiter how lazy I was.
Called the police on my eggs
Gets stabbed by a pencil for no reason.
buying my Mom a dna ansectry kit
squeaking my dogs favorite squeak toy
Over Christmas I accidentally outed my boyfriend's mom to her family about her secret gastric bypass surgery.
not watching out for my drunk friend.
letting my agent destroy my chances at making a feature film
getting blackmailed by a woman in Indonesia
forgetting my girlfriend's birthday
sharing the kissing tutorial I had been watching to my family TV
When I accidentally left Photoshop open during a class presentation.
trying to be funny and embarrassing myself for every Thanksgiving for the rest of my life
watching a show about Hell in front of my religious grandmother and yelling “Hail Allah” with my veteran stepdad in the room.
forgetting to wash my hands after to chopping chillis, then going to the toilet (NSFW)
ordering my medicine to be delivered the wrong day which ends up with me owing my parents $5,000
taking a day off from college
going redit
breaking my moms trust
leaving my hair down while gardening
fighting my boyfriends sister in front of my child
taking baking soda for heartburn after eating grocery store sushi
screaming in a target bathroom
hitting a van
letting muscle memory and auto-pilot take over
relieving myself colon at a funeral
Asian vs Western Flirting/Touching
pressing the silent alarm on accident
pretending I remembered how my date and I knew each other.
accidentally blowing a spice mix contaminated by raw meat into my eyeballs
watching anime while working from home
coming into work an hour late
not letting my pizza cool
leaving my mic on while peeing
I fucked up months agos
ordering a shirt from a sketchy Chinese website
signing for an google account when I was a kid.
not checking Facebook for 8 years
letting my girlfriend borrow my car and nearly lost an internship
PLEASE HELP ME THIS IS MY 5TH ATTEMT TO POST THIS
not accepting my cat's sacrificial offering
playing RimWorld with my friends
breaking part of my jawbone because I have massive roots making a dude feel inadequate....
Update: played my brother's music at a party
scarring myself for life for some caffeine that turned out to be decaff
asking my drunk housemate if I could kiss her when she was drunk !
forgetting Caller ID is a thing, while pretending to be a reference.
checking into a weird credit card authorization
trying to help a lady on Facebook Marketplace
Enjoying Bubbles and Giving Myself a Poop Facial
talking to a dog and getting extra dickholes
right before my EOTM nomination
i destroyed my mum's perfume
Walking up to a stranger naked at home
Yeet
dropping a tree on myself. (a month ago)
needing to use the bathroom before takeoff, delaying my flight and having the whole plane turn on me
wearing my 'sex heels' to church
thinking I had enough time
Rip my blasian shorty
kicking the key in the lock.
coming back to my dorm early NSFW
Watched my 4.5 TB hard disks burn to a crisp because my stupid brain remembered some stupid thing to shut down a computer!
getting the wrong type of almondmilk
eating KFC on Christmas Eve nearly killing my dog on Christmas and going to the emergency vet
almost doing to my phone what I'm doing with my life.
I fucked up by listening to a bad news outlet instead of the "good" folks on reddit.
looking at LBGW  NSFW
TODAY I FUCKED UP
falling for one of the first friends to give me emotional support
cutting somebody off while taking a left turn
today i fucked up by eating a hispanic girls hot chips without knowing they were hers
not knowing that a girl I like likes me back
calling the cops on my dad as he left for work
called my BS on my wifey.
being caught ready to jerk off by my brother
falling asleep at work while eating a chocolate bar
trusting the squirrel that lived in my ceiling
asking my neighbor for help to catch our baby cats
wearing a headset while gaming and never having said a goodbye to one of my dogs
Woke up in the morning with a severe red eye
not eating the custard
going through a breakup and accidentally sounding anti-Semitic
sending bandmates a video of me moving one eye independently and now my eye feels messed up.
underestimating how fast cement can set
letting my wife bake unsupervised
snorting a drug with a sinus infection, having it get stuck in there bc of nosebleed, and now I’ve unintentionally been high for almost a week straight and it constantly feels like I just gave fucking satan a messy blowjob
accidentally teaching my son the wrong three combination of words in a different language...
sharting in white shorts
poking a woman’s boob after attending Sensitivity Training
making a bad joke about my sister
speaking first and thinking later
because all of the sex and my addiction to fake internet points
clogging the girl's bathroom at school when I was 11. I am a male
giving an award to a post I thought was ironic.
I broke my glasses about 10 hours ago
He f&lt;&gt;ked him self really bad
realizing, I've never had a passion.
lying about myself being a creep
not muting my phone
thinking the sub r/asshole was to post about shitty people
leaving to take a new job during the Covid19 crisis
bleeding all over an ex-military base and shitting my pants
because I tied my gym shorts too tightly, clipped my nails too short last night, and drank, apparently, too much espresso this morning...
in my bathroom
When I agreed to raise my ex girlfriend new boyfriend kid.
with A535
Overwriting My Dad's FFX Save File
stealing women underwear from the mall
Shouldn’t have left Dan BILZERIAN
accidently telling my local pizzeria that I had contracted COVID-19
deleting my son minecraft server
queefing during a zoom class
finding out my married teacher has tinder
thinking my house was on fire at 3am (it wasn’t)
Threats
almost having the police called on me
booking time off to go to my friend's surprise birthday party
not cleaning after myself
pooping on my wedding ring!
ruining the relationship with the person that means the world to me, not allowed to talk anymore.
Seks
not reading the front sign properly.
making fun of “retarded” people during a zoom call with my daughter’s special ed teachers.
getting myself delivered to the ER because of a spider.
buying a year's worth of contacts...
chanting something unintentionally racist in front of a black teacher
thinking I had a lisp my whole life. I'm 38
taking my car to the mechanic
using a word I don't know the meaning of
and caused everyone at a train station to miss the last train for a half hour
visiting my boyfriend when I had a bad stomach.
showing my dad my boyfriends music
If you need a logo or a minimalist menu, flyer, busines card
NosnW
not figuring out exam finishes in the evening
opening my laptop that was playing a video during a conference
masturb*ting to an underage girl
edating someone I once encountered in a minecraft server
Today I fucked up by sticking my finger in my bike wheel.
napping and forgetting I had contacts on
watching porn on my phone in bed at home alone until the Bluetooth connected to my wife's car when she pulled into the garage
ahoving a toothbrush in my ass???
having a really good memory
not telling my boyfriend that today is our 4 year anniversary.
popping my own back pimple (an attempt at self reliance) AKA: Being single is overrated.
Told a tinder match he looked like my abuser
hiding my Nicotine chewing gums from my wife.
paying a weekend-pass price for just one night of an EDM festival
sleeping while the school principals check our “learn progress”
My dad found my cum tissues
posting a really insensitive comment on a story of sexual assault
trying to recycle a used condom
starting smoking weed
not closing the bedroom door all the way.
not checking my coffee mug before making coffee.
playing league of legends
opening my parents bedroom door
triggering an angry drunk woman
Mennonite family accidentally watched me masturbate
sun bleaching my little sisters stuffed crocodile
putting a phone on silent and have DPS show up at my dorm
figuring out 20 years later things weren’t as they seemed.
I accidentally flashed an old lady working at a charity shop
taking a picture of a clown at a circus with a no photos policy
vaping in my hotel room and set off the fire alarm.
Ugh. Stupid thumbs before coffee.
cumming in my mouth and barfing all over the floor
Having an Affair with my Coworker in His Brothers Bed And Finding Out What Pee Tastes like
My dad found lotion on my bed after I broke my arm
dating my brother.
getting permanently banned from YouTube
Today I fucked up while stirring soup
my vagina
carrying a huge CRT TV by myself up 2 flights of stairs.
while encountering a beautiful girl in the bus
making eggs
being accidentally racist at work
breaking a my father's stereo volume knob
trying to use the bathroom at my father-in-law’s birthday
not fixing my door for a decade
today I fucked up
Please Earth. Open up and swallow me...
eating an entire edible/brownie square for the first time and convincing myself that I had forgotten how to pee
no asking for this girl's phone number
I forgot to wake my boyfriend
Shoving a pencil down my cast
trying to flirt with attractive American boys by teaching them bad words in French
having my dad showing my family my own sex tape.
with my mother who isn't very close to me
Lick my stink trumpet
talking about weight loss
offering to have a mustache fight with my fellow mustachioed (and homophobic) boss
snooping through my dads closet...
taking the bins out late at night, in my sliders. Something touched my foot, I flinched, and launched my slider over 2 gardens. The next morning I had the embarrassing job of knocking on not one, but two houses to ask if they can check their garden for a slider.
Searching “reward” in the search bar of reddit
throwing a cockroach on a family having dinner
Gifts from exes
not giving my mom a call
lied to the girl I like that I'm not a virgin
adding jalapeños to my dinner and ruining it.
accidentally scaring a friend and causing a passerby to think I was attacking her
letting first love slipped away. It hurts as hell guys.I let my first love slipped away and it hurts.
getting blackout drunk and breaking my leg in two places on the first weekend of the semester!
going back to my ex. Advice please ...
not knowing what a tire rotation entailed
joking to my gf IAM GAY.
sending a nude picture to the wrong group chat
trying to rickroll someone but getting rickrolled myself
I will owe you
acting like I actually want to meet my coworkers
saying “love you” to a complete stranger
joining a subreddit
bursting a pimple in my ass
not understanding a sign
stabbing myself in the eye with a Christmas tree
asking my crush if we were still talking
drinking out of the wrong cup
vandalising a local business.
saying something extremely offensive to my friend.
cracking open a few windows of our third floor apartment before leaving on a week long vacation
trying to do something good for my family (HELP ME)
not checking my wash rag before showering...
accidentally mailing my prof my brothers' "n*des"
bricking my one thousand dollar laptop less then a month after getting it
Not Snacking Before Dinner, And Ruining My Entire Week
telling a black man to wash his hands since they seem dirty
thinking my friend was a homeless guy
playing Ring Fit Adventure
Overestimating the Volume of my Bladder
kidnapping a dog
and burnt my schlong
getting in serious trouble for making the wrong step in airport security and almost missed my flight
saying I could ice skate and I'd try out for hockey.
doing laundry...
not asking my crush her social media id's
not muting my audio during an online staff meeting.
locking my 5 year old out of the house
When I Got Lost in my Closet because Vodka
making my family think that I am a transgender
getting caught checking my wife’s vagina temperature by her mom
putting a used tampon in the bin
being a weirdo and having some weird connection to animals
accidentally telling a first date that I was shaving my nether regions an hour before our encounter.
letting my baggage hitting the speed of sound.
speaking about smelly roommate
misreading my Pilot’s licence
plugging the AC adapter from a diffuser into a small radio. The radio is now dead. Found out I plugged 24V adapter into 6V radio.
Burning My WingWang
accidentally texting my boss a gay porn video
spraying de-ice fluid in my eye
me and my fireworks
deleting 2 years worth of photos from my phone
thinking Dunkirk wasn’t a serious war movie
Suddenly stopped snap chatting...
telling my very Catholic mother I’m an Atheist
deldeleting a save on a game i had over 200 hours in and almostcompleted
Quit my job
exposing the secret relationship of the boy I like
walking into the boys bathroom at the wrong time
raising up my legs too far (NSFW)
and ALMOST scared an ol'lady to death
forgetting about my graduation.
changing one small thing before my presentation
Looking through my Dads Camera Roll with my Mom, only to Find A Screenshot of a Marriage Termination document
helping do my neighbors driveway with a snow blower.
I just flirted with my Cousin because I didn't know we were, till recently.
sleeping naked with a fan in my bed.
unknowingly killing my lizard
refusing what I thought was payment by banana
Being A Stupidly Nice Person
Lost my unemployment
my mouth being to big and exposing my moms secret relationship.
teaching my kids fire safety
telling customers the place I work at is closing when I wasn’t supposed to.
sucking dick for the first time and having cum leak from my nose
By Putting Hand Sanitizer on My Sack not checking my spam folder relentlessly
chasing a terrified woman at night
I forgot Google is silently collecting evidence to reveal us as degenerates
New group
sending a sexy video to my SO at work. Now, all his employees are calling him Daddy.
following prompts on a dating app
when I shat myself at school
telling my best friend I was uncircumcised. ‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍
watching Mindhunter while in the hospital with my week old son
LPT - Before shaking a container to mix its contents, verify the lid is secure.
thinking it was a fart
going to take the trash out
getting Reese's Donuts at Krispy Kreme
wanting a cigarette after workI messaged my friends dad
making out with my best friends wife
bruising my tailbone in a dumb way
using my boyfriend's XBOX controller to masturbate
well I’m never being dumb around sticks ever again
after downing a pint of cafferies ale my friends thought I was dead.and decided it was once again time to try edibles.
"marrying" a sociopath who faked having cancer and then "divorced" them.
saying we celebrate black history month to appease the Democrats and then got suspended
making virus in my own pc when i was coding
My bro watching porn.
quarreling with my wife and losing keys to the kitchen amidst in a containment zone
vaping and making myself sick for months
putting myself off Vodka.
not locking my door... (NSFW)
almost choking to death at my office eating a bacon &amp; egg sandwich
thinking this sub has good moderators
losing the house key
getting caught and milked by my neighbour
saying hi to my Neighbors
forgetting where my hat was
leaving my brand new Instant Pot on the stove
Russian Girls in Goa
being dyslectic
ending up in the ER after trying to change my rook piercing for the first time
making out with my step sister
getting caught cheating on my girlfriend
I am having trouble logging back into IG after updating my password
getting drunk, fighting with my BFs mom, getting a black eye, spraining my ankle, and ripping my fingernail off.
looking for my dad’s headphones
unintentionally but intensely staring at a woman's cleavage.
fucking a hot 31 cm dick
running after a guy who thought I was infected
commenting on a commen dress occurance
walking my dogs to the beach.
restarting Mirrors Edge: Catalyst
I like
going pee while a dozen teenagers listened
Eating Too Much Lamb Meat
running from a stranger only to have him rescue me moments later while dying of embarrassment
leaving my pregnancy test box in the restroom
showing my 4yr old son sexy photos on the internet.
releasing a quick one at the wrong time
ruining my 6-yr olds belief in Santa
After an accident, I didn't go the ER, because I'm a guy and sure that I was "fine"
Took acid in Bali once...
taking a Karen's order incorrectly and somehow being responsible for making her spill a drink on her computer
clamping my dick to my portable pulse oximeter and injuring my foreskin
LPT:  accidentally jizzing on a female nurse
and ended up in Madrid when I was supposed to be in Barcelona
getting extremely stoned before a neighborhood dinner party
cleaning my room.
Shit-slap
Drug Tested after Sucking Myself Off
getting angry with a water bottle in my hand.
Today I fucked up by breaking 3 bones in my foot.
letting my cosmetology student wife "give me a little trim"
getting my English teacher's bathroom completely demolished
OnlyFans/ mamimicha
accidentally turning myself into one of Pavlov's dogs revising my resume
getting drunk and Ubering home
telling my whole family about Disney+
sending in a word file corrupted on purpose.
making a tiny bio-weapon
replacing a family photo with Pewdiepie
not showing up to work for a month and having the police show up at my parents to do a welfare check
NSFW  showing my girlfriend's sister our homemade porn
TWFU) by having our sextoys exposed in the bathroom
being an idiot on Bumble
Didn’t notice my shower gel was that ice shower gel stuff
By stalking a girl in front of my whole class
answering the door naked.
having sex and sleeping on my dogs pee with my boyfriend
letting my mom pack my stuff to move. She found my vibrator.
swatting flies infront of my 75 inch TV :(
hitting on my ex-boss's boyfriend
posting here
trusting a man interviewing me for a new job
letting the dog I'm watching get stollen(?)
when a guy asked me out and I started crying
fainting after thinking I was in a coma
I Thought Bad Smells Cause The CoVid
putting DEF in a Diesel tank of a $250,000 truck
Dildo turned on in my purse at work. NSFW
Missing a Video Interview
causing my mom to have a laughter fit by driving around town with my dad.
getting too scared of my dad and scaring my little brother that way (11)
accidentally leaving instagram logged in on my dads phone
accidentally flickicking my girlfriend's daughter in the vagina.
coughing really hard just before a shit and breaking my asshole
chasing someone for 6 months that didn't even want me
forgetting that my mic was on in online class and having a mental breakdown
joking with my two friends but they took it personally and got mad at me
calling my boyfriend “dad”
Breaking my knuckle on my locker.
wearing warm clothes
falling asleep)with a lost fish hook
Question for married guys! Have you ever been caught by your wife scrolling through a nsfw sub on here??
accidentally but very aggressively hitting on a man I don't know while I have a boyfriend.
making my husband realize his relationship with milk has been a lie
stealing my 7 year old son’s Bingo prize
telling the waiter to enjoy there meal
sending my dick pick and getting blackmailed.
with my redneck diy soda laxative
bending down
attaching a fortnite hack script in the email I sent to my boss which had his boss in CC.
Giving The School Chad a Fat Yoshi Note
joining this shitty sub
playing video games in math class
making noodles.
damaging someone’s car at work
eating my wife's cooking
using budgie drops.
Tattoo Artist w/10 years Experience First time Karen Encounter
playing a game like baseball in my yard
accidentally showing my NSFW Wallpaper to my 9 Years old Niece on my computer
HOW SHE LOST 84lbs
poking my girlfriends bruise
meeting up with offniks, and getting into shit.
sitting in a car waiting for wife in a inner city neighborhood
having my first kiss
TMI by buying a fleshlight with my parents credit card
brushing my teeth with Preparation H.
stealing from a well known store
having poop sex
Gettin' Frisky On the Fifty (Yardline)
locking every single toilet stall in a uni dorm during a party night
almost choking to death during a massive communications infrastructure outage
taking an entire day’s maximum of pain killers in about 5 hours
being in the wrong place at the wrong time making my boss think I sell drugs at work
nearly shooting my sister in the head
venting
stepping on a lego...forever!
not telling an elderly woman somthing
almost burning my genitals
I have got big test tomorrow
accidentally luring a ghost to my house
texting my boss to tell him that I was “back for my shit” instead of “back for my shift”
thinking I had Aphantasia for 3 years.
waking up 2 hours late, and missing an instructor-led session with 40 nurses...am the instructor
not inviting my Grandmother to my wedding.
asking if was the funeral fun to my teacher
thinking I was about to die to a nuclear bomb
stupidly blowing out my weed out of the spliff. And had this internal battle between my conscious and anxious self.
thinking online classes don’t matter
Plu(g)mbing NSWF
telling my good friend that her husband is an abusive POS
getting scammed by a "sex worker"
using an exercise bike.
not checking my spam folder relentlessly
Last month, I fucked up by blowing up 2 schools with emails.
Friend's wife
getting fabreze on my asshole after eating spicy food.
learning about defecation syncope the hard way
eating pizza before it cooled and dripping molten hot cheese and sauce on my chin.
sending my ex flowers
calling the police on somebody
badly spraining my ankle running away from a zombie spider.
trying to do a hand backflip Wearing a Red Polo While Travelling
Got massive scratch on car with first 15 meters of driving AFTER passing my test.
making it look like i'm a gambler not making a move on a colleague I fancy the pants off but wont ever see again
accidentally making my girlfriend have another fear
playing Among Us in the car
taking a dump outside
ruining my $100+ woodworking project so bad I have to start over.
telling a colleague they looked dressed for an interview
touching my balls after cutting jalapeños
showing my mom a post
sexy aunt
Hey Robert Allam. Glad you got outed
Today I got ghosted for the first time
letting my cat in my room
talking to guinea pigs
accidentally making a shop manikin look like it was holding his nuts
laughing in class
accidentally accepting a Zoom call
How about if we designated one day of the week for sex stories, and banned them the rest of the week?
saving a cat
rejecting an ex best friend and lost my school friends
masturbating
throwing my mom's water bottle
burning down the barn.
pranking about Coronavirus and being quarantined
I am the asshole
getting out from school 15 minutes late.
forgetting to go to work
reacting to my ex's old comment
leaving a secondary email open
realizing today that i submitted a paper completely wrong two days ago
stabbing my own eye
when I clapped WAY too early
reading Reddit
thinking I knew shit about bagel
having a “sweatshirt fight” with my best friend.
Went swimming on my period and wore a white bikini
going over to a girls place for Netflix and chilling and dint do anything. Now I am blocked I think.
not entering forename and surname in my contacts.
outting my mom's abortion
misunderstanding my dental hygienist due to his accent
being pro LGBT
getting caught masturbating to Skrillex. NSFW
always sleeping naked and projectile shitting all over my bathroom walls and my dad walked in on me
jerking it at 11pm
trying to get the mice out of my car.
I just shit myself while on houseparty to my friends
while trying to eat a potato
yelling at my grandma because she got a new phone number
experimenting with my girlfriend
taking my girls to the pumpkin patch
i lef tmy online class erly 😎😎
driving to meet an internet friend
revealing my bumble-bee colored tattooed scrotum to a succubus on Tinder
Yeah... I'm a shitty person for sure.
doing the thingy with my wife.
I used dreft ( a dishwash soap ) as toothpaste.
cause of shaving my balls with a razor.
mixing peanut butter with a hand mixer
throwing away over a grands worth of covers for restaurant cushions.
trying to make out with one of my closest friends while I was drunk
eating a shit ton of dried apricots
sucking my cousins dick (Detailed)
not stressing hard enough how bad were this person's blood test results and he died few days later
FUCKING A BAR OF SOAP
crossing the road
having nudes easily available to a hacker.
letting my 8 year old watch a ghost hunting show
unexepectedly meeting my gf's parents for the first in boxers and getting cops called on
I Shouldn’t Have Stayed In My Marriage. I Miss my Girlfriend
dropping a key
absolutely losing my mind, and throwing a hissy fit with cuss words, and VERY bad words..
looking at my wifi usage
getting horny and doing anal play...
separating my shoulder during a family ski outing
not educating myself of Craigslist’s scams
walking into the wrong English class on my first day of college.
sending my mom a post about pokemon sex euphemisms
Communism?
I messed up twice
i destroyed my mum's gift for Mother's day..
having a really good study session
trying to organize a drinking party by a phone
waiting to ask a girl out because I wanted to do it on new year's eve
telling an eight-year-old a scary storyNejtirijsn
drinking the river..
not listening to my OBGYN about a bump on my girly parts, big mistake!
accidentally broadcasting home made hardcore furry porn to my boss, coworkers, friends and family because "unlisted" videos are still PUBLIC to all your YouTube subscribers!!
still following this subreddit.
crushing on a girl in an amateur sextape!
breaking my brother’s nose
trying to sell my motorcycle
not realizing I had a big project I had to do till now and picking the hardest option I could possibly do
(Serious)  lying about my exam scores to everyone
driving too fast through a big puddle, hydro locking the engine of my buddy’s car
Giving sutdents a glimpse into the unflattering pit of my soul.
accidentally sending my boyfriend a link to reddit’s most infamous and disturbing horror stories
making a PERIOD joke infront of a new "Friend"
accidentally sending a (s)ext message to a group instead of my wife.
not backing up my WhatsApp messages, I need help.
trying to tell my ASL class that I liked blackberries.
not paying attention on a wet road
This is the story of how I accidently unleashed the full power of the World's Hottest Pepper upon my nether regions
and stomped my bird...
telling an old woman what marshmallows are made of.
Scrolling Too Far Through My Mother’s Amazon Account.
peeing on my boyfriend
steamed porn while family were watching regular show
smearing magpie shit under my wife’s nose...
telling my supervisors to write themselves up
forgetting to get a birthday cake
making an insensitive comment about covid-19
getting locked out of my apartment by my 2 yr. old and pooping myself
telling my friend, "I love you"
getting my pinky stuck in a zip tie
knowing the answer to a pub quiz question
forgetting my Mum was Vegan
slapping a loaf of bread.
Pouring Coffee to Go ZIP ZAP ZIP!
logging into Gmail on the family tablet and syncing all my photos.
Wedding ring doesn't fit
pretending to jizz on my wife using the foam from toothpaste, essentially burning my penis
leaving my snot rag in my dads bathroom
accidentally sending nudes to my mom
being an egghead who didn't understand a cute girl's obvious hints at a night club
trying to play tooth fairy
asking a question with gold in it
masturbating to a guy on my course and coming across as a bitch
scaring my uncle who had just come home from Iraq
wasting a perfect chance to tell her that I like her
making myself an uncle NSFW
asking my fiancee to inject my insulin in me
almost ruining Christmas
blocking my sink with cum
putting accidentally putting the perfect fire combo together lighting my trash can on fire
giving new pc to a stranger
wearing a transparent dress
showing my mum a meme about showing memes to mums
not adulting correctly.
lying to my best friend
using the out o order restroom
almost forgetting my girlfriend
accidentally sending my cool neighbor a surrealist meme at 1 am.
complaining about a care package.
texting bad language to my family .
leaving the door open
Scarring my family with my penis
letting everyone on the bus know my pussy tastes like Pepsi Cola
when I didn’t tidy up properly
dropping my keys on my cat again
shooting a fly and ending up with fly guts scattered around my room
Took a lot of acid in Bali...
shitting the bed on Christmas morning.
learning how not to rollerblade
messaging my gf
accidently friend requesting my brother's girlfriend, who I'm not supposed to know about
greeting a girl and now she thinks I'm a creep
commenting on my company's ironic observance of "Juneteenth"
comparing a job search with post-nut-clarity
being blind and dropping 500 ml of milk early in the morning
talking during my girlfriends driving exam
calling my gf by a different girls name
drinking water out of my trusty water bottle
creating a birthday invite for my four year old daughter that said Judge Reinhold will be making a special appearance
getting my eyebrows done.
signing up with a profile search website
letting my son tell my dog about rabbits in our yard using much slower internet for a year
in minecraft
making a new cauliflower rice recipe.
accidently hitting someone's butt
trying to get my brother's friend to eat garlic gum
moaning at the barber.
Wacky sex story, that's very believable
accidentally showing my bum on Zoom
being born in 2002 in Northern England.
Asking a Friend What Their Favourite Song Was
not making sure i pranked the right person
forgetting time zones exist with my professor
trying to catch my mirror
but not measuring the new couch at the store and my basement stairs.
beating up the guy that stole my football
and now I feel like I've been zapped/marked by slug aliens.
trying to shave my balls with a razor blade
almost getting a heatstroke
showering with the door open
telling my sister I got on the front page of Reddit...
just spending an hour on writing my first post before accidentally pressing the × button
accidentally joining an NSFW server then lying about my age
losing my earbuds in an Uber
being totally at the whims of my mental illness
sharing an album on Google photos with my dad
getting stupidly high before having sex with a long time crush for the first time
having sexy sex with my hot ass pornstar looking pawg girlfriend and making her cum 9 times with my massive cock :(
forgetting to clean out half eaten lunch from my backpack when school ended 3 months ago, and opening it today in my room.
selling my Zoom and GameStop Stock in financial desperation
I told my mom about why communism is the best form of government.
trying to protect myself from Corona Virus.
staying up at night
accidentally insinuating that my mother was...dry...down there
vaping too much
tossing a sauce packet.
drinking stink bug coffee.
letting one rip during my sister's online class
When I was in a school call I left my microphone on and said something
showing the ticket scanner guy for Orlando’s Hogwarts Express my peen.
leaving a nasty towel in the washer
giving my 10yo blazing chicken wings
accidentally admitting to my  mom that I started a NSFW named subreddit, she doesn’t know who I am anymore
telling a client I was celebrating Black Friday.
making a Tik-Tok off my GF’s roommate’s dead uncle
drinking my brother’s semen
saying “Sure Honey, I’ll watch Hamilton with you.” and then telling people it was tedious and awful.
when I chugged a bottle of *water*
Clogging the Toilet
accidentally promoting nestle
being connected to a Bluetooth headphones and not realizing it
almost killing my aunt
doing acid instead of hanging out with my friends
When I Thought A Drunken Bath Would Be Calming...
sleeping with a 21mg Nicotine patch on
Work outside and happy attack from puddle into
not paying more attention to a bump on my penis
inadvertently Googling BDSM at Work
saying something stupid at the wrong time.
buying fake $260 speakers from two guys in a van in the parking lot of a Walmart.teaching a guitar class to 12 year olds
leaving the toilet clogged
sending a dumb text to a co-worker while under the influence
TIDU by embarrassing myself with an adult diaper
ordering 250 crickets on Amazon.
not listening to my teacher's instructions.
thinking u broke my headphones
doing a three point turn
highland wresting.
My wife asked me how she could help me stay motivated on my weight loss and exercise goals. I responded: how about for every three days I make both goals, we have sex? If I make my monthly targets, we will ditch the kids and go away for the night? That did not go over well.
accidentally classically conditioning myself
signing off on an email
running into my therapist while checking out at a liquor store. She lives on the same street.
texting my current location to 15 unknown people
buying my sister an erotic pinball game
checking out a women's cleavage...
giving my niece a disturbing toy for Christmas.
Caught in the act by strangers
taking my little sister to go see Hereditary.
falling asleep with no underwear on
having my first kiss
calling an older white lady who asked me (Asian) to put on a mask a Karen (apology post)
accidentally spilling all the very spicy sauce on my boneless wings
calling 911/LAPD for an assault in progress
introducing frisbee golf to my children
being subscribed to a community that silences voices speaking their opinion
insulting my prof
eating country fudge
almost got caught "showing porn" to kids at church
referring to myself as my best friend's "Significant Other"
letting a Stranger from Craigslist take a picture of my ID
accidentally teaching a 7th grade student about the phrase “eating ass”
being nervous for my first online speech
getting a random kid grounded for no reason
visiting my neighbor who was killing rabbits
joining a call with my friend.
lying to my girlfriend
pretending to be asleep when my best friend made out with me
20 yrs ago) by bragging to my teacher that my parents watch adult films after I go to bed and I sometimes sneak out and watch them from the stairs.
cumming in my mac and cheese
farting so loud my neighbors cheered for me.
waking up drunk and barrel rolling off the freeway
mixing drugs, i might die soon.
accidentally giving my friend too high a dose of magic mushrooms and sending him into a "nightmarish, solipsistic trip"
accidentally cumming on the carpet
cutting the grass
Leaving a Bottle of Dawn in My Truck During a Heatwave
Smelling a candle
Beating My Executive Dysfunction
staying up to late
wrongfully calling the cops on our new neighbours for DV, turned out to be something completely else (kind of NSFW)
eating too much sketti before seeing a movie and ruining it for my whole family
Quoting a fictional Nazi to my GF's Jewish roommate
LPT  making myself seem sexist at work
making my mother cry
not making sure I was texting the right person
taking two SSRI medications.
Trash Talking Ginger Root While Walking By A Ginger
taking my poop home as a souvenir
thinking I'm related to Uncle Kracker
Accidentally calling my Special Needs friend an Ablist Slur
wearing my new underwear
splashing poop water all over myself and my downstairs bathroom.
trying to make a new friend at school.
not looking where I was going and breaking the kitten's legs.
making a joke about someone's dog
watching a YouTube video with coconut water in my mouth
breaking a nail
watching a Cat fight video in the middle of the night.
How I got my dog pregnant.
pushing away someone I care about
thinking I could outsmart a Scientology stress test administered by a Scientology Auditor on an e-meter.
making a 13 year old have sex with his sister (MAJOR NSFW)
Walmart and Edibles are not a good combo...
accidentally trolling the computer service guy on the phone. (Short)
Today i fucked up so hard i got scammed
nearly getting myself killed
not redeeming some gift cards
telling a new starter that I wanted to give her a baby
getting kicked in the hand
taking the wrong medicine and almost killed myself.
sending in a project
not honking
answering the phone and breaking both my ankles
pooping myself in church service causing it to shut down for the day.
vomiting on my husband’s ass.
I’m 14 and What is Life?
punching my pillow.
almost sellotaping a creep penis and having him harass me for 3 years
shaving my balls.
making my friend's crush think he was gay.
The fruit Rollup Disaster
I accidentally threatened my landlord with a katana
pooping my pants in the second grade and making the entire class evacuate
losing my vibrator in my house.
Accidentally Making A Bomb in My Room
Called my girlfriends tits ‘poggers’
Wine, Whiskey and a Bishop.
drinking coffee
lying to a very smart friend that I have an allergy to his semen
experimenting with a hot dog
getting on the sex offender list and ruining my whole life
Why did the gorilla have a frown on its face? Because in 10 million years it will be a nigger
pointing out my GFs sisters boobs in a picture because I thought they were my GFs boobs
pouring 4 gallons of water on my kitchen island.
I signed up for a get rich quick scheme
letting my grandfather wait outside for 30 minutes
How I watched porn on my mother's phone and somehow got away with it.
winning at the family game night
accidentally telling someone my crush
getting wasted and joining the giant lobster cult.
to this morning when, while hiking, I found a chalet in the woods with an open door and no one inside
bean paste
eating raw chicken.
pretending I was colorblind, and now everyone thinks that I am.
tying to look cute for my fwb
unleashing the wrath of a computer monitor
leaving my car running in the garage for over 4 hours.
because I missid it was my cake day and didn't mine for karma.
having a chilled beer and ruining my best wedding present.
Peeing On My Boyfriend's Carpet
looking at porn at work
thinking my popcorn bowl was cereal
being too damn drunk drunk
telling my boss to fuck the police.
giving the wrong answers
telling my ex I made out with a random girl
almost got my friends beaten up over a campfire
TIFI by having french fries late at night
accidentally saying I don’t want aids from a gay coworker
seeing my grandma naked
talking behind someone's back
using MODDED CONTROLLER on BLACK OPS XBOX 360
calling my supervisor a bitch on accident.
Trading Runescape items for Dirty Panties
trusting a video conference background filter &amp; my colleagues getting an eyeful of my other half’s Crown Jewels
sending my boss the wrong forms which he sent on to his boss...
causing my little (3M) cousin to say 'bitch'.
telling the cute TA that i would marry him.
by thinking my mother’s nurse training would come in handy
not taking a dump in a while and ate a whole milk tart by myself.
buying weed, ignoring weird cramps, testing positive for Covid-19, and getting my emergency surgery postponed.
not knowing my google photos are synced with my dads phone
This is a shit post. Choose your side
Wasting Money on Faster Internet Speeds
Today I fucked up by cutting jalapeños and touching my dong (with bonus fuckup from girlfriend!)
paying for my food with an EBT card
using micro penis as an insult
killing my son's rooster
smashing Chick-Fil-A sauce at school
I didn't think she'd Google it.
trying to fix my iPhone
my calling my girlfriend "b"
getting a girl some dishes for her Birthday
I ran out of toilet paper
diagnosing myself with cancer
Remember to cut your nails NSFW
By playing hide and seek
cursing at my class group chat
Fun fact
taking my night meds in the morning
trying to make chili and having to dig my car out of a snowdrift
suppressing my emotions when I was a kid.
Ordering my wife flowers
stealing a condom from my dad..
not being the superhero my family thinks I am.
drinking to excess
being unable to process my guilt and shame from my catfishing past
getting the dimensions wrong for a sex toy
I was just trying to buy a cake.
TIDU by inhaling baby boogersf
and everyone in my family knew I was a chronic wanker.
New to dating, approaching 40, sent my first drunk text. Laugh with me. =D
deleting my notes from school
buying 80 condoms
embarrassing myself in a Subway.
accidentally snapping at my mom
getting the coronavirus (NOT CLICKBAIT)
posting my boobs on my IG story
Opened Reddit some lady saw some xxx
masturbating during my online class
killing an ISP company
not taking steroids
melting a chocolate covered marshmallow
ruining my possible future employments
sending the uncut vid to my drama prc exam
pressing the wrong button
when I couldn't stop scratching my balls during my grandma's funeral
skipping the line at a carwash
thinking my crush’s confessing was a tiktok prank...
spending for than $20 on a gift card.
Got high, dog might be high.
attaching my identity to my 18+ account.
receiving oral sex (NSFW)
sneezing after masturbating.
putting a finger in my nose while on video call
freezing my penis
riding my motorcycle in a new swimsuit
prematurely saying honey
"hidding" posts from my reddit profile
accidentally being racist
making a 9/11 joke
getting beaned
accidentally licking battery acid.
popping a little boys balloon animal
telling my ex to lose weight
accidentally telling a gorgeous girl I was castrated
connecting my accounts
driving my car into a fucking wall
parking at a hotel
letting my horniness get the best of me and almost ruining my life by messaging a stranger on Facebook. Never thought I'd be dumb enough to end up on here but yet here I am
keeping a vile of my blood and a little kid found it.
walking to the store with cummy pants
when gallows humor apocalypse talk got way too real and now I can't sleep.
having ferocious diarrhea in front of a young girl
not properly scanning the answers to a math test and thus failing that test
thinking a real call was a fake call
not making sure I wrote the correct student ID before I finished signing on to my schools payment plan.
trying to wrestle with my son and his friends
Not Cruella de Ville, I swear!
thinking a 4-Wheeler with a flat tire could get away from the cops and making the town’s newspaper for being arrested at a party I didn’t even drink at.
r/ falling asleep at the library
at yelling at my BIL in front of the entire family (4pm pst)
trusting an old friend
cooking video for my class
believing I was going to have the whole house to myself for a day.
sleeping through an important meeting with the person who will be deciding on my application for a promotion
Well this happened to me
accidentally watching four episodes of a show while VLC was set to random.
drinking too much water before bed...
buying a gift card I can't use
wanting to do anal in the shower
shooting an arrow into the sky
not bothering to deal with Optus for a year and losing out on 1000 because of it
buying a French press
quoting Linda Shelby “keep his belly full and his ball empty” to my wife
I finished while making eye contact with his mom NSFW
outing my boyfriend as bisexual and also breaking up a friendship
having my mom walk in on me censoring porn.
giving someone a thumbs down while driving
dropping my phone in a river
when I assaulted several people who tried provoking me
Having Rem As My Waifu
accidentally locking myself in my bedroom
taking two droppers of CBD
How to make wireless tester circuit (step by step) |Awesome circuit idea...
Today I fucked up by thinking having sex when my roommates weren’t was a good idea.
after appearing stingy after lunch at work
submited my homework to Google classroom
buying skulcandy overear headphones.
buying three different books, all of which turning out to be trilogies.
STOP. STOP THE SEX STORIES. NOW. PLEASE.
failing to remove my dog's collar
letting the chickens eat all of our Thanksgiving decorations 5 days before "The Big Show".
kicking a strip of condoms into my fathers face.
30m) by breaking up with my girlfriend(27f) after 3 years because I wasn't sure.
I cut my dick and scrotum off with shears at home to finish my transformation. Much more blood then expected also inadvertently defected after the procedure.
getting a kid grounded
getting a facial, but it wasn't at the spa....
my mom noticing cum in my mustacheYesterday I TIFUed
making the barista think I was going to stab him.
robbing a small child of her holiday illusions
TIFI by unknowingly severely bottleknecking my PC for 3 and a half years.
accidentally getting super high while studying.
Almost Blowing Up the Engine On My Trusty Honda Civic
taking an antihistamine for allergies the day after taking an antihistamine for sleep.
telling my teacher I wasn’t listening to her
looking at engagement rings online
letting my little brother choke on wine
at work after listening to divorced couple's discussion about their child
telling the teacher to stop laughing
accidentally flashing the nice families who were checking out of my hotel on I-40
glass candy mess
relying upon a shortcut key
trying to give a guy his keys back at the gym...
masturbating with shampoo
misspelling my wife's name on a tattoo.
I pinged the wrong person and regretted it.
My girlfriends aux cord.
falling in a strangers wheelchair
leaving slime where my bunny could reach it
asking my girlfriend to call me "daddy" during sex.
accidentally opening my mic during class
thinking I was invincible.
walking into a tree
technically yesterday) by eating a bunch of Carolina reaper wings in an empty stomach.
being in a hurry when helping my husband change his Depends
accidently buying 999 Chromecasts
pissing off my roommate is a psych ward
shitting myself after eating at a Brazilian Steakhouse
today fucking up
forgetting to mute on online classes and then starting talking to myself
drunkingly telling my crush that I liked her
watching South Park
almost falling asleep every time a Scottish co-worker spoke to me. almost falling asleep every time a Scottish person speaks to me.
Gece ışık açık uyumak bünyenize o kadar zararlı ki...
helping a fast food worker
nearly killing someone in 2nd grade
getting high and masturbating in my living room.
giving head to my gf on holiday with her parents in the house
really bad.
The time I vomited all over a diner bathroom
burying a friendly squirrel
trying out a new brownie recipe.
walking into my parent’s kitchen on Christmas.
I missed Jupiter and Saturn aligning even though i had the reminder set a month or two in advanced.
being caught drinking by my aunt
spending $1000 dollars on groceries
I tried to join a running group and joined an AA meeting by mistake
I said stfu in online class
accidentally throwing, and smurfing
trying to hard to be healthy
using a razor blade as a dildo
seeing my friend's mom set herself on fire trying to smoke a bong
taking my meds without turning the light on
jizzing in my own eye
not ordering her food
breaking my cell phone screen
walking in an alley not in the sidewalk
leaving my bedroom window and having a bat fly in.
wanting to play with my booty
agreeing to sex
making my boyfriend call me a c*m dumpster
Sleeping with the mutual best friend of my girlfriend and I.
losing my bong at my parents house
unknowingly forming a culture of my cat’s urine
offering a kid a swing with my club
chugging a bottle of Sriracha hot sauce in an attempt to make my semen taste spicy in flavor. (sexual content)
having my dad's genes
in my bathroom by shattering the glass door
being too enthusiastic about cooking rice
matching on tinder with a girl who is the roommate of a girl I’m already going out on dates with
not checking my pants
in my GRE Maths exam
having my fiancee style my hair.
talking about the poop knife non-stop in a job interview
naming my Social Media account dyke
thinking breakfast was free at my hotel
talking to my crush
pissing myself at work
looking for a casual hookup in the absolute wrong person
getting a bunch of trashy tattoos while on drugs
pushing a butt plug way too far up my ass
Was told to post here from r/teenagers. Entire class saw me jerk off dick and all because of a light glitch
accidentally teaching my brother the concept of anal
trying to get some guy's attention
getting hurt at a ski resort
calling a restaurant and making a rude, dark joke
I bled in a chair
fucking my door
being an idiot and riding a very small motorcycle
Thank God for warranties.
sending the wrong text to my mum!
giving my little brother a seizure.
Calling my mom to open the door and hurting her arm
trying to entertain the troops
ignoring the fact I have diabetes
calling a girl I was flirting with “daddy”.
not breaking down the betanin.
indirectly giving someone a very special toupet
getting drunk and flashing my vag at after prom
closing the trunk of my car
I thought it was an allergy pill...
Today I fucked up by drinking litres of Ribena
not informing my boyfriend of the differences between our countries.
forgetting my cake day
using my old hoverboard and falling
Not me, but just one of the tough guys from school cleaning my staircase.
going with my coworker to buy weed in his car.
hardlining bird chili powder
Answering a Ex's text message to met up
thinking I could make my own wet wipes
trying to figure out who started a fight in a game.
posting a nude to my fb messenger story...
relapsing on meth,and going on a 13 hour masturbation binge with soap
losing track of my prescription repeats, having withdrawals and turning into a flu-ey Shrek.
asking a mechanic to borrow some of his Horn Fluid
stopping a dog from murdering another dog
writing “Happy Birthday” in a sympathy card.
I want to smack my head against the wall
being severely depressed and accidentally sexually harassing my coworker
with bowels of Hiroshima....yesterday
shitting on a live webcam with my entire class
stroking a boy's crotch while he was wearing a baby chick suit
scratching my blue car with a Neon Yellow lighting post
not being transparent about who I'm voting for.
telling a student to 'suck it' instead of telling them to 'suck it up'
using the n-word in an online chat
going through my Ex’s photos she accidentally uploaded to my OneDrive
breaking a digital thermometer at work.
being a girl and peeing in the woods. NSFW
putting the kettle on, then poopin.
whispering something nice about someone to my mom while waiting in line and the guy thought I was being racist.
rear ending my dates car
logging out of an old account
walking into my brothers apartment
saying what my special talent is
telling my friend about a song I found on Pornhub.
telling my best friend I’m in love with her
getting a hernia
going to the bathroom at work going to the bathroom
yelling “FARTS”
thinking that water to my washing machine is controlled by the tap on my sink
killing a mosquito.
TWICE.
eating my sister’s crust
Today I fucked up by playing Puddle Of Mudd
washing my ass
not fixing my cars AC
telling my mom about a cute waiter
I drank two cans of monster energy and had the worst stomach ache of my life
leaving my computer speakers on and playing Runescape
my secret santa gift
commenting my opinion on a post that had asked for it and got banned permanently
cleaning my car out thoroughly.
possibly killing an old woman
Hotter camping than imagined
texting my fiancé and not paying attention and sending the text to his mom instead
my thinking with my dick and getting robbed for 20 bucks...twice
thinking my country was getting hit by a Nuclear bomb.
crying on a date when a girl on the piano played a sad anime song
cutting my butthole with a pair of scissors
inviting my friend to play a Jackbox game with me and my girlfriend’s family.
This subreddit is full of nothing but horny people, mods need to get it under control. Instead of taking criticism, they remove your post just to hide the face that this sub is falling apart.This subreddit is full of nothing but horny people, mods need to get it under control. Instead of taking criticism, they remove your post just to hide the face that this sub is falling apart.
putting my dentures in a bowl and forgetting they were there, now I made huge mess over the floor.
Very minor but my sparkling water
driving into black ice, doing a 360 in the road, and rolling over 3 times into a ditch where my Element laid on it's right side.
stumbling over my words in the worst way
deleting 11 years of weather data at work
sleeping in' on a family holiday trip. Kind of nsfw
My Date
overdrinking and saw death's door
I pooped myself today
letting my friends watch me have sex via live stream in a bar
putting my money in the same pocket as my phone
accidentally texting my gf how I was going to propose to her
calling my teacher a piece of shit
being epic
sitting on the wrong sofa and making people think that I was an escort
at a swingers party while being misled by my friend.
Accidentally told my grandparents I’m gay.
not cleaning the dust off my car window
playing tag ur it with my class mates
a power surge made my computer commit suicide and decided to burn everything inside the case
doing my taxes early
falling for FBI call scam
taking a dookie at our empty office building (empty for coronavirus). The bathroom lights are on a motion sensor, which I cannot trigger from my stall. Now I'm stuck in pitch black and unable to wipe because it's too dark to see anything.
getting kicked out of the house.
being a bit of a slob
not taking my phone into a meeting and making my family think something happened to me.
drinking 2500ml of water and holding it in to the point of extreme pain to avoid embarrassment
squirting pee on my hands
letting a parrot preen my finger
losing my tooth by falling over with a scoot
Terrifying My Neighbour
revealing my cousins deepest darkest secret to his mom.
catching my boss having a 1 on 1 dinner with a girl on a Sunday night.
Thinking I Had A Lisp For 23 Years
puking on my girlfriend across the table at a restaurant
poop shitting on baby
calling one of my students ugly
going to the wrong address 😬😂🏃
getting a butt plug lost in my ass
maybe destroying my dad's PC
falling and scraping my hand against the sidewalk, then licking the wound.
Reddit is like a virtual support group
Think?
visiting a subreddit one too many times.
handing my wife my phone and she saw the porn I requested
messing with a dogHhhh
I was snapping friend..
squating in the shower
Deleting System 32
casting porn to my ex's TV.
sending a message on Skype to my colleague
breaking my window and it’s forecast to rain
assuming my kids were sleeping any time we had sex
(nsfw) asking to see pictures of a project
forgetting that I moved
smiling at a boy’s funeral
assuming I was being flirty with a girl
FOR LEAVING ONE JOB FOR ANOTHER ONLY TO HAVE THAT JOB SHUT DOWN FOR CORONAVIRUS CONTROL
finishing my cigarette and shitting all over while on my way to the bathroom.
Ruined my first date in a very long time cause I'm an idiot.
swearing unmuted in a 6th grade zoom class
accidently drawing my teacher
Gamers Rise Up
trying to disinfect a wooden table w/ rubbing alcohol
Rock Climbing at a gym and pushing myself a bit too hard
For coffee lovers
Snorting on Lean (Purple Drank) over a $50 Bet.
making 2 separate plans at the same time
telling my dad his sister died drunk texting
TIFI By walking into my parent's room
singing an anime song to the entire class
put black beans UNCOOKED into my chili
i once hit a little girl on an electric scooter
wearing wool socks
opening the mail
poisoning myself and my dad with lettuce wraps
laughing IMMEDIATELY when my boss said “r u registered to vote”
when amazon delivered my package early
losing 1000 $
but not muting my microphone during a university zoom meeting
posting what I thought was a genuine stupid moment on Reddit...only to find it was a sarcastic post
Today I fucked up and forgot a mask...but made it happen
checking the Amazon order history
self caring too hard
I F’d up in English class today and am possibly getting suspended.
helping my mom clean the garage and finding out why I was always “different” growing up
molesting my dog
telling the professor to stop talking about his personal life
playing fetch with my dog.
Changing My Porn Routines (NSFW)
Caught Watching Very Loud BDSM Porn (18+ and Xvideos so no sketchy/legal issues here)
congratulating a coworker on their mother being sick...
having sexytime while in a lecture with video on.
eating dairy despite knowing it disagrees with me
being depressed and horny
bumping into my kindergarten teacher
cutting down a tree
having what historians consider the most awkward date in human history
accepting a vid call mid wank
drinking 1.5l of tea right before bed
lighting a candle
my girlfriend seeing my search history on YouTube.
asking an innocent question
leaving my phone on a car
just teliing my gf that my ex-wife thinks her driving sucks.
writing something stupid on a customer’s ticket on the first day of management training.
Pudding problems
watching a psychological thriller with my children.
burning a hole in the carpet of my friend’s beach house
drinking the winepretty bad moment
introducing NSFW subreddits to my friend
not going to Barnard Castle before the game at Villa Park
accidentally slicing through my nipple
pouring hot oil down the sink drain
deleting an entire essay
misunderstanding a Cashier
combining beer and pork skins/guacamole and expecting a reasonable outcome
on a train in Central Java
ruining my laptop and my hopes due to my absent mindedness.
meeting the pastor's wife that my husband and I hooked up with
making homemade "temporary" hair dye and turning everything green
By getting my 15+ year old account life ban from Reddit by trying to expose a pedophile ring on Reddit Subs.
submitting a cringeworthy fan-fiction instead of my assignment.
letting a stranger feel my arm and chest
being a minor and becoming an unwanted nudist
using a sound clip of an atom bomb
eating ice cream that was over a year past expiry.
getting caught on camera rummaging through my girlfriend’s parents bathroom
shouting at an elderly man
getting in the middle of it on the internet. *meta*
brushing my teeth the wrong way post-brush
being a dick to my dad
I did the school talent show
not getting enough sleep last night
Eating Some Damn Spicy Ramen
screen-sharing, on a projector the kinky porn I watch to the entire class
shitting my pants and having everyone smell my feces
letting my fiancee's mom find our blowjob polaroid
eating expired bread.
being forgetful and nearly destroying my marriage.
because I saw my aunt naked
trying to have an orgasm... again
letting sex subliminals pull into family car
jumping in a river with my friend
trying to give my boyfriend a surprise blowski
sucking air
Today I f'd up by getting a latte
greening out on weed, ruined my wisdom teeth, and messed up. My friend's car.
leaving a stupid voicemail
by saying something controversial and getting "canceled"
wanking with soap instead of lube
teaching my son about racism.
trying to annoy my wife.
Be Safe to Covid-19
stabbing a young girl in the throat with a plastic instrument
cutting a part of my hair off
Eating the World's Hottest Pepper
not telling my employer I was taking a semester off from college and now I’m in way too deep... not telling my employer that I was taking a semester off from college and now I’m in way too deep...
getting turned on for the first time right before a funeral.
By smoking weed for the first time
not wearing a bra
forgetting what was open in my phone browser
playing the same song over and over to my mom while she was in a medical coma, ignorant to her growing rage toward it.
having sex with a woman on Tinder
having a walk with my cousin.
participating in r/askreddit
a relationship because of a language barrier
I(19) fucked up and forgot my religious sister(24) and her husband(25) were in my discord server
watching too much Seinfeld as a kid.
calling In sick to work because I was hungover
I got angry at my mum for taking away my ps4 and then she found out her friend since childhood had passed away.
Being An Accidental Creep While Working On a
wiping and end customer's HDD
invading my sister’s privacy
I broke my friend’s car
busting a nut and letting everyone see in online school.
getting freaky with Grandma's dentures
not taking care of my beard (and also cutting it all off)
eating icecream with eggs that was a year past it's best before date.
inadvertently gulping my own piss
being a dirty cheater.
but not checking with what my phone connected.
trying to enjoy a bus ride
not checking the lid
farting so loud that my apartment neighbors cheered for me.
By doing dabs for my first time smoking weed
Happen just Sunday, I met someone at a friend’s Super Bowl party.
Thinking I was Joe Pesci and threatening my former boss
not waiting for a bathroom
packing Clamato juice in my suitcase
making an I'll timed joke.
asking what an incel was and starting a bar fight
accidentally showing dd/lg porn on a Zoom class with 50 people
pretending to not know what a tangerine was
trying to teach my son the sign for “I love you”
entering the wrong bathroom
joking about uncoordinated eyes, not realising guy has a lazy eye
Said an offensive joke and the teacher heard
Physically fought my sister, ruining New Year's
overcooking my eggs
Eating Ranch Dressing
TIFI by using my school account on google
ending a 10 years relationship for selfish reasons
changing my Web Ex name.
Accidentally Blowing up a Power Supply and Almost Killing Myself
breaking her clavicle during 'the act'
lending a friend money
playing an AR game at school.
touching my ass after touching the worlds hottest corn chip
trying to spit with my mask on
sending a link instead of a screenshot
showing a co-worker my wife's gaping ass
watching porn before work.
mutually masturbating with a girl over video call
putting meat and vegetables in a stir fry when my partner explicitly asked for plain rice
rushing my Master Plan
onlyfans
Got scooter first day, neighbor dad breaks it by accident, very mad me
saying I'm going to have sex with a drum in front of my entire class.
Slicing my Chin Wide Open Extremely Intoxicated
not being nice with a lawyer because I didn't know his job
He called his teacher 'Mom'
NOT unchecking 'Hide Game Library' on my Epic Games Launcher for years, hindering myself of playing all of the free games that I've collected through the years.
editing the nudes for my boyfriends photo album with Adobe Lightroom
giving myself an unintentional golden shower
accidentally aggravating an ear infection and almost capturing my ear drum slamming a kid with a car door
not letting my gf kick my butt
making a snarky remark at the worst possible time
putting not butter on my pancakes and ruining them
not knowing the anatomy of a turkey
forgetting I had a dildo in my purse.
not dressing appropriately for an online interview
inadvertently saddening my GF after accidentally demanding to be handed a slice of pizza
"missing" my flight and getting stuck in Germany
My dumbass just was accidentally rude
My parents found out about my Reddit NSFW account!
falling into quicksand
asking an old coworker out
explaining brimping to the wrong crowd
getting a glass of orange juice
accidentally running into a glass door that I couldn’t see because it was too transparent
masturbating with chicken eggs.
getting an innocent guy thrown out of the train
The time I didn’t check the TP roll before sitting down...
I messed up big and my friend dad called me
When I was in dollar general and said “I love kids”. I meant this in the context of raising children. This is not what the single mom with to small children thought.
Bathroom Buds
Me (38F), has never tried Honey Bunches of Oats, and have been eating the off brand one that I remember eating throughout childhood
not watching the baby closely
making out with my girlfriend in her living room
buying the "full version" instead of the "complete game"
implying that I wanted to suck my coworkers toes
Today I fucked up for being too nice
sending my boss a porn link
leaving my gmail and TeamViewer remote access password the same password
unknowingly using a hate symbol in my email &amp; online usernames for years....
talking shit about someone before realizing they were part of the group chat
saying Jacob Blake shouldn’t have been shot and got banned from r/conservative
trying to make chocolate chip cookies
betting with my friend
mooning my girlfriend at 11pm at night on the street
publicly executing 6 men 2 women and 5 children
telling my kids teachers &amp; principal my sexy business email for my adult entertainment instead of my normal email...
By remembering something
going to therapy (small)
sending a picture of my my sloppy poo to my evil boss and getting fired.
posting the plot of an episode of the Office on r/legaladvice and getting an instant perma ban
thinking my friend was being sarcastic about amputating her rabbit’s leg and making a joke about eating it
confusing a hijab and a ninja
accidentally drugging a mouse
mowing the lawn
Will my dog not trust me now?
emptying my bowels in a hotel
doing an unnecessary eye exam and now my vision is blurry
sleeping with my half-sister...in a Mask tabletop campaign
letting my girlfriend give me a blowjob during a road trip to San francisco NSFW
clicking a trap link of a naked fat guy without knowing and there might be hidden cameras in my house
sending a text to my manager venting about her.
Sent a cat meme to my teacher.
not putting garbage where it belongs.
this sub has gone to shit.
accidentally saying more people should be killed for their beliefs
abusing the language barrier
accidentally telling my gf to fuck off
Promoted wrong event in one of the companies I work In
sticky situation with a girl I’ve know for a while
making my school think I’m going to do a school stabbing
accidentally setting my girlfriend's hair aflame
sniffing on my girlfriends younger sisters underwear NSFW
flashing my whole family cause I didnt put on a towel when I got out of the shower.
in English
saving a mouse from my own cat
basically making myself deaf
when I accidently spilled my ex's lesbian secret in the most painfully comical manner.
Getting Blackout Drunk and ruining a friendship
changing my cats food
not double checking who I was texting and texting a message to my fiancé’s mom instead of him
reaching out to a women's victim's support group &amp; got shamed by women who should know better
sending
Went to a bar. Met a crazy woman. Expected to be skinned and make her baby come alive. This happened about 3 hours ago.
I told my parents about my old feelings
buying a car I regret.
being part of a circle jerk.
posting and then deleting a squirrel on a sub for cute animals. feeding my dog an overly delicious meal, which resulted in a blood bath.
smack talking a fellow veteran
using my mother's amazon prime to order a book about polyamory
serving family dinner
I might get fired tomorrow
texting someone "It's hard to breathe..."
being accidentally racist at Trader Joe's
cracking my left testicle and getting nicknamed LeadNuts NSFW
using Wish.com Help!
sleepwalking at school
playing a game with my sister where we tried to crush little kids dreams.
I sent soft porn, feat. Me. To my lawyer
causing a MASSIVE misunderstanding during online school.
tickling my son and getting dog poop everywhere
trapping a very important piece of male anatomy in a cabinet door
possibly watching a kidnapping.
Languages
accidentally letting a bunch of tabbed videos play in the background of my Microsoft teams lecture Really loud for all to hear including the lecturer.
losing birth control in lockdown
locking shop key behind door shutters playing a game with myself
drinking my sister's piss.
going to the hospital for something embarrassing and my doctor was hot.
laughing at a stressed out nurse
laughing at the death of my FIL’s friend
because my friend got his $7000 camera stolen
thinking the name Guillaume is pronounced similarly to Squilliam from Spongebob
sending some weird messages
speaking in a foreign language to my girlfriend while having sex.
thinking it'd be okay to smoke outside my house
o vídeo meu e da Sabrina falando da novela cumplices de um resgatev
Digital fingerprints...
acting like a drunk teenager.
making it look like I hate the LGBTQ+ community
This subreddit has gone to complete shit
ordering sushi
taking weed while feeling blue
making a Hitler joke in front of my very Jewish brother in law.
accidentally slipping my penis into my sis &lt;3
I had an interview and I forgot to check to see if the zoom meeting id was in the email until 5 min before it started... it wasnt
yelling into a bath towel in front of my new female friend.
showing my mother my nudes.
not wearing cut resistant gloves... again *Slight Gore*
peeing myself
charging my phone while biking
I think  telling my friend( also my ex (25 M)) that I (25 F) think I might have feelings for him whilst he is currently in a relationship with someone else.
getting banned from Habbo for over 20 years.
texting the group chat
when sending an email at work
trying to a naked workout, flooded garage and soaked the ceiling.
using my iPhone wrong for over a year!
closing a door and eventually losing a nail
breaking my toilet
not realizing that i am sharing the exact screen where i am bitch talking about my colleague who is in the call.
wanting to stsrt a redditlution
missing a job interview
for not listening to my dad
trying to show up early for lasagna dinner
arguing with my special person.
and drank dark liquor
wanting to finish my dream instead of waking up
asking my friend to translate Spanish for me
Ban me daddy
forgetting to memorize my memory work for school
making my mom think I was kidnapped and having her call the police.
saying a job search is like post-but-clarity
trying to outsmart some spiders
looking like a sexual predator
Failing To Participate In A Broadcast
TINDERRRR NOOO
Getting Stuck Quarantined in a Blackout With My Soon-to-be-ex's Family
cumming in my pyjama
saying "Ok Boomer!" Without checking first.
TIF by taking a shit.
taking "harmless" banter with my girlfriend too far...
finding a friends reddit and finding out he really doesn’t like his friends (me included)
searching bondage techniques at work.
having my car break down 120 miles away from home
playing with flour
prank calling my SAT prep teacher
pooping in a pee stall while someone saw
skiing into a fence
going to work with my mom
when I accidentally flashed my friends
getting exited after beating my dad at Jenga
and got a burning sensation
not checking my Zoom nickname
losing time with a Trump supporter
calling someone retarded who had Autism
Ate some hot food then touched my penis. It burns.
giving a guy I didn't know what he wanted when he asked for explicit pictures
dropping my 1 day old new phone
My mum accidentally pooped in an out of order toilet.
trying a new position NSFW
breaking my moms side view mirror on her brand new car &amp; she blamed &amp; our landscapers
SEX
thinking a vivid dream I had was real, and telling everybody at work the Dixie Chicks were charged with murder.
sharing my life story with 59 strangers on a Zoom call
with my pants undone in front of my teenage coworker
mooing. At horses
accidentally revealing all of the information I gathered by stalking my crush
forgetting to close rule34 when I fell asleep! NSFW
letting crabs loose on a boat accidentally
drinking $600 worth of booze.
My sisters friends bottoms came off
I ruined marshmallows for my mother
By yelling at my neighbor to pick up her dogs sh!t just to find out she’s pregnant
My AWS account got compromised because I published API keys on a private repository 5 years ago which later became public due to my GitHub plan expiring. Last week, a hacker found them and used the keys to create 96 c4.25xlarge EC2 servers for an hour across 16 regions. The bill: about $500.
Don't give hints !!
I’m 17 but said I was 18.
accidentally turning down a full scholarship to a course at MIT
giving an honest opinion about my girlfriends new hairdo
getting hypothermia from following through with a dare
mixing up a moon term and a moon term
not muting my mic before singing in the shower
kicking in my garage wall
Today I fucked up by depriving myself of sleep and convincing people I am crazy.
not being in the google classroom all my quarantine work for school is in
Having a Colossal Queef
cutting my own hair
Shaving
Swim trunk disaster.
Today I fucked up by calling my friend while he was getting intimate with a rando
spraying bleach on my dick
shutting off my carbon monoxide detector and getting myself diagnosed with a mental disorder.
not realizing how dangerous Yoga, Eucalyptus Oil, and Quaker Oats are. All in the same night. And in that order.
leaving my notebook of sexy essays out at family Christmas
not respecting my own privacy
grabbing a coffee
telling my boyfriend that he isn’t the best sex I’ve ever had.
getting my teenage girlfriend pregnant
bringing a cap gun to school
almost forgetting my keys
chemically burning my sideway smile
masturbating in the bathroom
storing my games in something other than their original cases.
Knee board injury
uncovering my supervisors sidechick to his son
waking my whole flat building up at 4am
cheating on my girlfriend at my own party while being drunk
Almost Dognapping
making a mug cake laxative and possibly ruining a prescription
when I fed my dog weed
working non stop for years
Yelling and chasing students down the halls.
apologising to a kid and then getting stabbed
having mono audio on for 2 years and failing to remember until today, therefore making everything I listen to sound like shit
Today I fucked up by mistaking my rental property manager for my ex
speaking my mind at work while trying to handle an angry customer.
hyperventilating in my managers bathroom
thinking pokemon were attacking me
wearing the wrong mask in the protest
telling my mom I’m gonna tell my kids I’m a hero for surfing coronavirus
asking my neighbor if he's going to clean up hair in the hallway
Thirteen years in the making, I found out about it an hour ago.
An Odyssey of Poor Choices and insane relatives.
taking a train to Germany.
showing up early
my 3rd drunken attempt. Banned from posting on r/instagramreality and removed twice from r/
unknowingly watching porn with my father... and all his costumers
combinating shaving by balls with the wrong meal on the same day.
reversing my girlfriends mothers car into hers.
swearing in front of my four year old before a family FaceTime call
not looking what clothes i gave away
rushing into a courthouse restroom
suggesting I have a 4 inch penis.
asking my husband a question I guess I wasn't ready for the possible answer to.
giving myself horrendous stomach problems
not waiting 10 minutes more to go pee
I was late to work because of a booty call
and left my TubShroom™️ in my shower, which resulted with the Underworld in my hands.
when I accidentally told my cousin I love her.
smashing my balls in
sending a picture to my friend as a joke that had a gun in it
trying to fix the headset from work
having morning sex with my gf
sending an email a little to fast.
accidentally conditioning myself with r/slash voice
sending a meme in the middle of a somber text conversation.
trading oral favors from a single mom in exchange for rent
screaming about my girlfriend's pussy/onlyfans when she was on a work meeting we both forgot about
suggesting a sunset family walk
Forgetting I Have A Pet Pig
Not Speaking Up
farting in my bfs room
asking how much challah cost.
drinking water
cleaning my instrument
almost drinking hot glue gun glue
for running frantically looking for my phone while holding it..
getting caught having sex with my sister and now I’m being kicked out of the house
Today I fucked up by chirping at aplayer tonight at the hockey game.
forgetting I had the parking brakes on
not actually f^cking up, just wasting hours upon hours editing music to motion stuff
asking my dad which subs he was a member of
lying to my mom about my trouser snake itching
I didn’t post to because my FU wasn’t today. I Killed the Funnel Cake Machine
making my best friend think i have a crush on him
practicing dental hygiene and burning my back door.
not checking the vacation house’s oven for rats
letting my mom touch my semen in a yogurt bottle
My started 4 years ago.
Shitting in the Sink
sniffing my friends' underwear
holding prickly pair fruit
Bad Vibes
being a huge dickhead to my dad
almost going full zombie on my wife and am circumstantially banned from oral. NSFW
Missing an important deadline
sitting down in the shower before taking a shower.
letting my cat into the sunroom
assuming Google wouldn't frick me over
wearing a watch for the first time.
Today i fucked up and tracked shit into my house.
getting my 8 year old brother addicted to reddit
getting my wisdom teeth out
trying to cut my pubes for the first time NSFW
gaming without a shirt.
losing 60 kgs and flying to Russia
Drunk in a house I've never been inside before
seeing keanu reeves
not checking or booking my bus
taking mushrooms and suffering a psychotic break.
flushing my number 2 and clogging my brand new bathroom.
visiting the Japanese Suicide Forest (Aokigahara)
eating too much gum before my finals
accidentally cutting the top part of my penis while shaving
applying toothpaste to my balls
Who is gay?
I backed my car over my neighbors cat. TL;DR
nick-naming my kid the only word in his name I thought didn’t mean penis.
Cheated during a pandemic
scammed
accidentally sending my friends dick pics.
taking one of my two dogs out the front door to go potty
Welp, never being dumb around sticks ever again
selling my nudes to a pedophile
friends girlfriend walking in on me jerking off.
spitting right as my boyfriend went to cum (oral)
having le sexy time
even finding my way here
pooping on my fuck buddies’ bedroom floor (NSFW)
joining Twitter
when I told a rude customer she would be expiring soon.
kicking an apple with yellow jackets on it
creating chlorine gas at work
getting too excited while sexting a lover (NSFW)
taking a laxative and an anti-diarrhea pill
going out for a run at 2 am in the rain and forgetting my key.
getting too drunk at home
having the Darth Vader yule log playing on a psychiatric unit
ignoring a girls hint cost me a friendship
Pulling Out My Phone On The Beach
Thanos snapping away half of our shoes
trying to set up a romantic evening and ladyscape in preparation
inviting our new neighbor's daughter to my kid's birthday party
answering a question answering a question
taking a caffeine pill with Nyquil
unintentionally slut-shaming a girl I barely know
teaching my 2.5 year old daughter how to “Make it Rain”.
ending a professional call with "I'll hit you up"
trying to outsmart a Keurig at work ...
accidentally eating gladiolus bulbs.
accusing my girlfriend of getting an abortion
popping balloons
Pop
doing my under eye makeup with cactus spines
saying hello to the neighbor kids with a stocking on my head.
eating pasta while drunk
almost getting ran over.
trying 'dating'
letting my dog lick my vagina.
accidentally making myself look like a pedo
burning my school down
I Emberrased Myself In Zoology With The Dumbest Question Ever -
drinking Gatorade for breakfast
inadvertently poisoning myself for years
writing a grammatically wrong sentence ( which i still think is right) and getting grinded by my dad(typical Asian parents) for almost thirty minutes for having a rubbish english.
while stirring some soup
When people wear wigs
making fun of my sick professor unintentionally.
stealing my classmate’s identity being a bit too adventurous
accidentally not taking a microdose at work
infusing my toothbrush with stale garlic breath.
eating truffels for the first time
Sharing a picture of my tasty bacon breakfast in the family group chat, in an attempt to show off my cooking skills to my parents leaving sharing my screen with audio.
exposing myself to a bunch of middle schoolers
asking my friend a question
asking for protection at a pet store.
getting fired for sending an angry email
passing out at my wife’s first pregnancy appointment
being a lazy, filthy person
not making sure I was muted on zoom
confusing Lay's Fiery Habanero chips for the original Doritos Fiery Habanero that have been discontinued for a very long time.
putting a whole vial of perfume on my junk *NSFW*
getting pregnant with an IUD
Mom Reminded Me of My Worst Masturbation Story
making my username in kahoot very inappropriate
snap me Sophiar016
having a sleep over with my Crush.
Soiled my drawers at Walmart
Today I fucked up by dropping a DS game in the toilet (And it nearly got flushed)
Motivating video💪💪 of my preparations, who wants to encourage🙏 me to complete the march 👇
fucking up BAD with my funny sausage.
keeping my bedroom door cracked
accidentally orgasming in my office’s public restroom
not rickrolling fast enough
not opening my AC vent
uploading a meme to my story
spending too much time in the bathroom
Today I messed up by shooting a pellet gun
By eating the kfc donut sandwich
not checking that I had won a PS5
ruining my family’s day.
I almost BROKE my brother.
Laughing when I shouldn’t of had
playing third wheel to an STD freakout
making my university increase it's police presence by riding a scooter and calling them pigs
don't annoy paranoid schizophrenics.
Mistook an allergic reaction for a mental breakdown
drinking the water that was sitting in the toilet.
almost stealing someone’s dog
The Silent Alarm
Reading a true story that happened TODAY
Fucked a bottle. Don't try its painful.
experimenting with a bidet before meeting my GFs parents.
shaving my pubes (NSFW)
nearly dying of embarrassment. I slipper over in front of my crush.
asking my boyfriend's mom to eat my a**.
leaving lesbian support pages open with my buttplug in plain view, when my mom who doesn't know i'm lesbian walked in
hard resetting my xbox
having an anal orgasm from jaccuzi presurised water and my gf thinking I'm gay. (NSFW)
unknowingly pavlov training my dog to eat my gentlemans juice, resulting in my cat almost bering eaten.
giving a T.V to a scammer
with a dildo
Best Photo editing app 2020
not knowing my neighbor’s cat’s name.
letting my girlfriend pee in my mouth
being my usual clumsy self.
Today I f***ed up bad.
telling my Father something I really shouldn't have.
ruining a 12 year old girl’s life (NSFW)
buying myself some new things!
giving a man the wrong username.
rubbing my eye
scaring my hamster and boyfriend
letting my cat Dutch Oven me
telling my teacher to shut up
TIFUpdate by accidentally ghosting great first date AND finding him after a week
saying "fog" in a fake accent
asking my SO what kind of sexual intimacy he was into.
making two Osmosis accounts, using both free trials, getting a membership on one and ask Osmosis to delete the account with the membership instead of the account without the membership.
testing the flair system for this sub
putting Tabasco on my boobs to be sexy
getting violated by my parent water jugs
facebooking my mil
using the wrong google account
having sex in the school's bathroom, twice
doing some weird kinky shit with my gf while her parents were over.
eating the seed of an orange
not saving enough money for a birthday
thinking a hot girl would be into me
Epic car crash...
having an unexpected bowel movement while in my storage unit and having no choice but to release my payload into a large Gamestop bag.
accidentally discharging a firearm in my home
almost going to a porn website while helping someone on their computer
up by NOT accidentally showing my ass crack to my local prayer group on Zoom.
it’s nearly 1am, I have work at 6:30am and I have accidentally dosed myself with acid.
washing the dishes with a Tide Pod.
Trying to Write "Black Mamba" on My Friend's Arm...
asking a mechanic to borrow some of his Horn Fluid.
letting my bf make me squirt
Today.... I fucked up.... Big time..... (Involves new friends, new enemies and a very awkward situation....)
blowing off Samantha Power
leaving popcorn in the microwave
accidentally making a gay porn and triggering a SWAT response.
exposing my dental grindguard to intense UV light.
Almost Killed my GF in the Bath.
possibly being on the hook for over $12k worth of services my crappy insurance plan wouldn't cover for completely avoidable ER trips. telling a roomful of my relatives a racist joke
buy nearly getting CPS called on my mom
drinking too much, which resulted in saying too much, which led to me being unmatched on bumble by one of those most beautiful girls ive ever talked too
on instagram by liking a photo
not checkin my bathroom for (probably venomous) Centi-friggin-pedes.
Hi everyone chek this beat
putting vape juice in my eye...
By riding my dirt bike in shorts
Dad prank gone wrong
making a joke about taking the D in front of my HR guy
maybe destroying the relationship from my best friend and his GF!
playing hide and seek with my dog
going to a Chinese restaurant and finding two Asian kids (owner’s children?) ‘mocking’ Americans.
calling a stranger moving in mom
possibly giving up my job to post this
introducing Jon Lajoie videos to my 14 year old nephew
shit-talking by friend kicking a friend in front of him, then kicking them in front of the ADP
taking too many drugs and calling the cops there times because I thought people were in the trees
giving my client milk in the car
not thinking before responding to a text message
I fucked up my relationship
hitting on my friend's wife NSFW
using a hairbrush as a substitute pleasure device
cancelling my top up AFTER i paid for it
taking plumbing into my own hands
changing server on a big steam download hours off it finishing
shaving my butt and still dealing with the consequences 3 years later
remembering my piss corner.
going behind my mom’s back and shaving my legs for the first time
flipping the vice principle off
my car keys ending up in a mountain of hospital covid PPE
changing the air in an elevator
peeing on my girlfriend instead of orgasming
shaving my pubes in the bathtub which then overflowed with a girl’s shit
not looking before sitting.
Testing boundarys of my culture?
Pretty sure a stranger thinks I'm racist now
Woops. Didn't happen today
texting my Dad a joke, causing him to panic
locking my wife out of our apartment on her first mothers day...
You know those dreams of you falling and you wake up?
TIFUpdate:  accidentally blowing a whole through the engine of my car as I got road head
Me and my enemy messed up
introducing my GF to a group of friends that included my ex
I started 3 different playstation ban wars just because I wanted revenge
making Kraft Macaroni &amp; Cheese
Today I fucked up badly
meditating my way into depression
making a joke that caused one of my students to realize her dog didn't actually go live on a farm.
eating a lot of fries very fast
sorry just needed to rant
making something with an ingredient I am allergic to making guacamole when I am highly allergic to avocados and haven’t had an allergy shot in two months due to everything being shut down.
Broke the door at work and complained about this subreddit
turning my friend gay
losing some very sharp razor blades in the room I share with my little sister
Reminding My Mom of My Late Grandfather
pulling the chair away when my mom tried to sit.
calling a random free to call business number...a LOT
driving into black ice
letting my mother cut my hair
I wanted to cut my own hair, ended up being almost bald
having birthday sex with my(23F) boyfriend (23M)
letting my girlfriend cum
not checking the difficulty settings
Wiping my butt
going into work early.
Being Constipated Following Abdominal Surgery
farting while wearing headphones while in a box truck.
drinking a bit too much.
My wife thinks that she isn’t attractive enough for me.
being playful with my husband.
threatening a grocery store employee
opening my webcam whilst not wearing a hijab.
Forgetting to Drink Water
nearly killing my friend because of Waluigi
reading yet another fake post
sending my mom a picture of my shit and telling her to fuck off
freezing seltzer cans and going deaf in my right ear
pretending to be deaf
hurting my wrist and not checking it out
turning on the car bluetooth
not telling my friend when a jump scare was coming.
not wanting to be friends with a bully
studying english in 4th period
calling 911 during a dental appointment
breaking a leg with my PlayStation
losing my car keys at a lake
forgetting my password
اسرار مهنة البلاط يخفيها الكثيرين ولن تنساها بعد هذا الفيديو
saying that I think my dad is dead
sending a “spammer” memes
leaving out some gas while on voicechat with my Boyfriend.
accidentally looking up sexy lingerie in class
not educating myself on Craigslist’s scams before responding to people.
forgetting I had hard core porn in my bag
while trying to cook rice
not wiping my ass
Almost Getting Multiple Teachers Fired And Getting Put On Watch By The School Board
fighting with my roommate
laughing at deaf people with my friends
getting static in my fingers forever
saying no to the best date on EARTH!
opening a book about surgical progress, and not being prepared to see the pictures inside..
showing the window cleaner my entire naked body
Creating a reddit account
letting my boss know what the entire office thinks of him
as I fell out of my caravan and onto my dog and broke his pelvis ☹️
rough housing with my boyfriendStupid idiot who pays for health insurance. By the bundle.
Accidentally told my grandparents I’m gay
accidentally telling my dad about my vibrator
browsing r/watersports at work
showing my son's pornographic art and messages on Facebook causing him to go into hiding, to where none of us even know if he's still alive or not.
Yeah taking my daily bottle of sparkling water to work with me.
RETURNING A GOPRO
sending an explicit Snap to a uni groupchat
for getting caught refolding towels
not knowing what squash drink is in UK
getting my girlfriend arrested
getting a slime stuck to my crotch in the middle of a party sending the Skyrim intro copypasta to my teacher
cleaning my son’s birthday present
telling how I would kill a person
making an embarrassing announcement to a store
forgetting my coworker stranded on the highway
not knowing how babies were made.
.
barebacking a chick who doesn't care about her periods or taking precautions after missing one.
asking the girl i like if she "love" me...
Today i fucked up by getting a whole family high
I can’t breathe. Black lives matter.
answering a “spam” call
buying my gf a wireless bluetooth soundbar for her birthday
for having a photo of a flag in my photo library
convincing my anti-social dad to attend parents evening.
not swallowing
texting my mom who I thought was some friends
Almost killed my neighbor's girlfriend.
forgetting to censor my friend’s name
calling someone "boy"
saying to a child I have an ear infection in a pharmacy in front of a ton of people .
letting someone cut in front of me
attempting to show my roommate /r/eyebleach
losing by cat on the side of the highway somewhere in Kentucky.
going to the toilet
Texting my platoon leader, not my girlfriend
LPT  lying to a woman I’ve been seeing and she ended things.
when I ripped one out while trying to check my patient's heartbeat
vomiting on my bfs dick
reading Lovecraft in an effort to fall asleep
spending $100 for a $10 donation
dropping my phone into a bucket of paint
I supply Top Quality Actavis, Hydrocodone, Oxycodone, OxyContin, Percocet, Oxyfast, Morphine, Tramadol, Xanax, coke, Mephedrone, Ketamine, Heroine, 2CI, 4-MMC,Mdma, and many others if placed command. Whats app/ CELL Number: +1(937)6013341 Email address: justmainlyice22@gmail.com
Awkward Voicemail
coloring my hair alone
driving into the mountains.
underaged drinking
Dad has my GF's nudes
accidentally opening a porn website in front of the class
doing the nazi salute in the WWII memorial day assembly
talking to my dog.
pretending to have a girl text my ex saying I had a good night.
moving in with my bf
destroying a 7 year relationship because I didn’t go to my girls dinner party.
expressing my beliefs and not putting my hand on my heart during the national anthem
trying to be clean.
saying I'd leave my fiancee over a shock collar
schlickin my bean
watching TWO #SilhouetteChallenge Compilation Videos
introducing my 8 month old to a jack in the box
calling my match fat as an April fools joke...got roasted and unmatched with....
buying cheap toys online
wearing a skirt in animal crossing.
poisoning a customers dog.
accidently agreeing to be a groomsman in a wedding
killing a pigeon with a cat
Not mine wanted to share u/gramjam6 story
almost writing the N word on the board in math class
giving someone a lighter
bleeding all over the stadium seat, sitting at the head of a 1000 person crowd. NSFW
yesterday giving coffee to a homeless guy.
accidentally becoming an ableist
breaking an almost brand new dresser because it wouldn't fit in my car
fapping in school
encouraging a raid on another subreddit
not knowing what sloppy seconds meant.
speeding on the highway while high
accidentally calling 911 while goofing off
wiping with a leaf
being too... nice?
getting too high and going to Disneyland.
accidentally calling someone a co0n accidently watching the season finale of Nick Frost and Simon Pegg's new series
not picking up a girl's hint
putting my hand luggage on the checked luggage belt
first time getting higggh
cutting myself a GIANT bald spot
overeating and then playing basketball with my nephews.
adding Habanero peppers to a recipe
yelling, “It’s boy scouts. Get the gun!”
By pranking my classmate with a song that has unusual lyrics using an unknown number.
taking a look at a subreddit
inadvertently causing the death of my child by losing track of time.
trusting my parents to communicate with me, and then moaning when I thought I was alone
Vomited oats on a table at University.
letting my mom know I like Japanese culture.
ignoring my stomach
ripping open my penis
I sent topless pics to my work group...
up by hooking up with a hockey star
trying to gold plate my entire body.
getting really stoned in a foreign relatives house
thinking I was gonna die in a grocery store bathroom
introducing my WW2 veteran grandfather to HBO's Band Of Brothers series.
texting a co worker asking for schedule information getting fried and telling my best friend that I was in love with her
nearly burning my house to the ground
unknowingly stealing coffee while at writers group in a cafe
brushing my teeth
misinterpreting the length of my trimester break
No - What are you talking about - Fruit is not supposed to hurt?!
Burn fat and heal overnight with no change in diet and exercise
talking to myself
running upstairs while brushing my teeth
having poor security on my mega account
thanking a “hero” for his service
cherishing my Lucky Rabbit’s Foot
CONTRACTING HPV
playing porn at the Apple Store
thinking I was joking with my buddies, but instead forgot I was in the grocery store.
I got my girlfriend pregnant and I have been lying about having a job.
forgetting/not doing this one thing for my geography homework
Dropped my phone and they saw my 🍆
getting my house searched by calling collections services
forgetting my swimsuits at home for vacation
procrastinating about flight sticks
typing my password into my online class chat
My being short got a cow killed
telling a joke so bad, my sober friend started puking and passed out...
assuming my ex blocked me on WhatsApp.
using a heating pad to heat up a glass mason jar filled with milk.
not deleting my old PayPal account.
not listening to online tips and naming my cat after food.
stealing makeup made for white people.
having a laugh and ended up nearly dying
being overly theatrical in the re-telling of a Dungeons &amp; Dragons session and subsequently hospitalised.
removing my games from their original cases
eating meat on Fridays in Lent my entire adult life
trying to compromise with my roommate
having extremely hot sex with a very attractive female (which I describe in detail in the post)
Meeting a work vendor in my PJ
flooding my bfs grandparents house w a massive constipated consequence
killed a stinkbug in my bedroom at 1 am.
getting IcyHot all over by bedroom
clowning around and getting black pepper into my eye.
entering my PIN when drunk
stretching my foreskin too far while dry humping
had an intervention for my drunk dad, it ended with him going for a drink
expending all my tickets/token of a arcade in candy
insulting my friends aunt.
Today I fucked up by missing a chance with my crush.
crashing a side by side
accidentally leaving my sex toys out for my mum to find
talking about religion
possibly helping a woman smuggle fish illegally in France
taking off incorrectly all this time
telling the only person who talks to me at work that I’m a pescatarian thus forcing myself into making sure there’s no chicken or meat in any of my lunches every thursday.
waving a carrot to my neighbor through door's letterbox
accidently/unknowingly dating my lesbian room mate
“pranking” my mother
asking for advice
not recognizing my family.
Almost put the pooch down - yikes!
got pulled over for impersonating a police officer.
getting off the bus
giving my gf a wedgie instead of taking her shirt off
going too far in an argument
becoming the ‘Turbanator’
(NSFW)?  eating my math teacher's ass in front of the whole class
contacting a dog breeder in the US
Told my good girl I wanted to take a break while drunk. But I don't want.
... you have to read it.
trying to check if I have inverted nipples
spraying pepper spray into a bathroom and ended up making people cough their lungs out.
after using scotch bonnet peppers
misunderstanding someome
Posting an sexually questionable screendump with marihuana reference from the Cheech and Chong Face book group onto my family Chat group page. *NSFW
talking to my 8 year old about her school friends
Coding 2319 at the Park
choking my brother with potatoes.
Moving image on phone case?
calling my boss a C*** B****
asking my 12 year old brother if he jerks off
overheating my AC
Being Hungover At a Trump Rally
not clarifying what I meant by "lunch"
passing out in a hotspring and hitting my face.
taking far too much acid and calling the cops on myself
taking hot showers
using COVID to skip a few hours of work
not paying a very important bill
having a scene phase so horrendous that people I don’t even know, knew me from it.
throwing my garbage bag over to my neighboor's lawn
throwing dog poop at the wall
actually like 2 years ago) by causing the breakup between me and the woman I love because I was not ready for a relationship.
Roomba + puppy = Poop Armageddon. The perfect and befitting end to 2020
having my partner texting a 9 year old.
going on a peaceful hike through the woods.
leaving some cards from a sex game on my bedside table
TIFI by buying a unregisted R33 skyline
using Facebook while sharing my screen on an international call.
telling my boyfriends 65 year old parents that it’s never too late to get divorced and remarry
throwing my shirt onto my blinds
sending a friend a screenshot with my secret activity
Blasting Pacman Music in my Classroom
as an ESL speaker
nu ordering from wendys.
watching Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2. NSFW!
saying the wrong name
texting the girl I'm dating (who had recently a breast enlargement) that I'm looking forward to XXL portions on the weekend when we meet
calling the cops on someone trying to do their job... twice
being a victim of blackmail/extortion
I acidently swore on discord made for kids....
telling my wife to get COVID tested.
asking someone where they lived.
having half an edible that was way too strong for me.
My dinner by not paying attention
laughing at someone’s family member dying.
farting whilst having sex with a one night stand
screensharing a weird song I wrote about my coworker on a zoom meeting
flinging a piece of fecal matter into my eye
my mom found out that i was not attending school and not taking quizzes.Anyone regret insisted on saving your loved one who had a severe hemorrhagic stroke?
giving a tip to the pizza guy
eating captain D's before work
accidentally killing one of my pet finches
I oogled at my Friend's Stepmom too much and I got caught
not clearing my porn history
not paying attention to where I parked
losing my mattress
Drinking the Wrong Coffee
Rr
Letting a Female Raccoon inside my House (when I haven't Came in 2 Weeks)
playing with an endangered plant
By accidentally asking my prospective employer about his ‘big D’
eating Dorito Takis then eating too much
making a fool out of myself through a message
forgetting the girl who was giving me a blowjob was blind (NSFW)
forgetting my best friends wedding vows at her wedding.
TIFI by indulging in some wasabi pees two days before Thanksgiving.
Pavloving myself into needing to pee when making dinner
Accidentally playing porn through my girlfriends car stereo.
Almost got sent home from work because my temperature was too high
selling my car
getting caught at a girls house by her parents
sending a cat fact
receiving a laundry detergent facial
fucking my cat in church
angering my roommate at a psych ward
My first 2 flat tires
Mega fuck
showing my mom a cut on my leg
forgetting to hide my weed
trying to follow my ex
drinking whiskey
killing my friends hamster
auditioning for Honors choir as a Tenor 2
accidentally texting this new girl I'm dating that I was juggling 3 or 4 other women
having an irrational phobia
slipping off a rock and almost died
eating a spicy chipotle salad before my 40 min walk home
quoting The Simpsons and sounding like a serial killer.
saying ‘I can cut your hair, I took dog grooming’ to people, not realising it’s an insult..!
realizing my family had donated something special my SO had let them borrow.
not washing my pocket pussy and peeing out blood... on my wedding day.
crashing my dads motorcycle on father’s day
sharing my explicit reddit history with a red rooster worker.
boiling my coochie
wearing rain boots at home.
R/ trying to close a bidet
picking sparkling over still
plagarising my essay
Micro penis and lsd
Nearly got cut in half
putting super glue in my car trunk lock then bringing it to a locksmith
saying "love you"
pouring Hydrogen peroxide in my EYE!
getting a curling iron stuck in my hair
going to a salon that didn't have pictures or a website and now I have the world's worst haircut
Reading Reddit Posts Outloud
accepting a job offer before getting a second one just a few hours later
when I shamed a community member and me in the process
Bailing Out my Jailbrird Ex
Killing A Leader
playing with my scat
I did a bad
burning my face with hot soup
multitasking: driving, getting a blowjob, and doing online classes all at once
putting my moms keys on top of her car
Today I fucked up by moaning in my sleep
telling my boss I want to get hired on.
going the wrong way on a one-way road
running the roomba unsupervised with a puppy at home to enjoy lovely streaks in the hall
giving a new mother a mini heart attack
So my mom had to visit grandma today ...
giving my spouse an expired drink.
Was told that you guys would enjoy this.
lnk on my parents bedsheets
slaughtering my eyes in the shower
I fucked up many months ago by engaging in a long distance relationship with a zoophile.
taking six cannabis breath mints before driving home
singing the fresh prince of bel air
sending something something awkward to the wrong person
My wife doesn’t think I find her attractive
offering a father a kids menu
not getting medical insurance for next year
making myself think that I had a serious disease wich caused me to stay up all night panicking.
Responding To An Ex's Text 3 In The Morning and Agreeing To Met Up
pissing in a pile of leaves
pulling an all nighter and then getting sleep paralysis
making a maintenance request to my apartment's management and now I need to find a new place to live in a month.
using the bathroom tonight
almost choking out my brother during a fight
saying "you too" to a lift operator
fingering my ass
watching MEATCANYON
Buying The Cheapest Vodka Possible
not pulling my foreskin back for 24 years
puking fish tacos and beer all over my Mother-in-law
propositioning in a really gross way
TİFU by getting scammed out of hundreds of dollars...
Had unprotected sex with a Thai girl. Worried she may be pregnant (19 m)
not visiting r/MikeWazowskiGoneWild
NSFW by nearly drowning myself
forgetting a change of underwear
sending hentai to a groupchat on accident. (Mildly NSFW)
making Geico think I was going to kill myself
my almost letting my mom be mauled by a dog.
getting horny
reading voila wrong for years
almost getting my friends killedSome kid flashed his dick to the whole summer camp
I helped my crush with choosing between my best friend and her boyfriend (at the moment) after they had broken up(my friend and her).
When my Dad found porn on my PC while i was sitting beside him
in church
pretending I have a boyfriend
inadvertently telling a customer to relieve himself in the changing room
making my boyfriend’s parents think he got into an accident and/or got kidnapped
fainting for the first time in my life.
riding my bike.
The Wall are Breathing
saying I enjoy artificial insemination.
having a really vivid dream
choking on my own cum after watching a video of myself failing to fuck a cupcake
whacking off during a work meeting and everyone hearing as I finished
I just made a horrible decision
sharpening a pencil
falling on a gas pipe, which caused a gas leak that ended with the evacuation of two night clubs and me being thrown in Mexican jail.
meeting an awesome girl on "omegle"
buying fake "original" airpod pro
making people think I was breaking into their house
ripping my dick
matching with a perfect 10 on Tinder
buy looking at Reddit!
masturbating and ending up in A&amp;E
eating 2 bags of hot Cheetos last night walking into the boys bathroom at the wrong time
falling off my 6'4 father's shoulders headfirst.
helping a friend get tickets
making my pregnant wife cry during sex
getting happy my wife started her period
leaving my brothers home by themselves... making the CEO mad
eating a dog fart
talking privacy stuff to a group of friends
TIFI by ruining my chances of landing my dream job.
accidentally nuking the nation of israel
accidentally flashing happy families who were checking out of a hotel on I-40
using my girlfriend's "Pussy Soap"
Tofu by Not opening an expensive packagefor two weeks - and the content was stolen
lighting myself on fire
posting a roast in r/toastme instead of r/roastme
caressed my MIL
saying something i found funny that offended my SO.
stranding ourselves in the wilderness in middle of the night.
saying bomboclaat in public
daring a friend's cousin to eat something that turned out to be important information
getting a slime stuck to my crotch in the middle of a party
washing my AirPods in the washing machine
not having a real dr.s note for a reason to work from home
nervously cutting bananas
almost killing my entire family
leaving my phone in my room for 3min
eating a bagel before my gynecologist appointment.
Aproveite o isolamento para cuidar de seu corpo
poop not cancelled
mixing up amphetamine with ketamine
admitting I'm an American in my online game group.
eating pork...next to a muslim...and got the whole class a detention
Parent fail.
retaliating against my bullies
hearing my mom and dad having sex in the next room
getting drunk and breaking into someone’s house with a twig
popping on my own shirt
showing my bare ass to my elementary school best friend
I’m a girl(tomboy to be exact) n my brain isn’t as complex like most of my girlfriends 😬😬🚽
visiting my demented grandmother's house
having barbecued paper towel for dinner.
with a cruel and dumb joke at my grandma's birthday
getting caught smoking weed by my dad
accidentally sending my paycheck amount to the wrong person.
googled "shotacon"
not going to the doctor
ruining my sister's relationship with our cousin
pretending I was dead.
Join the cause! Halfway there...
not realizing I shit myself
getting wet on my way to school
using a magic eraser on my face
just now)
eating Taco Bell and masturbating
trying to make the rules on more cohesive
inquiring whether I should get tested for COVID
LISTENING TO THIS MUSIC
Making Ariana Grande Fans Mad
19f) at my job and got caught for stealing.
taking my ex girlfriends little sister on a date.
trying to be funny
this is my first post and i fucked up
when I tried sucking my own d*ck and ended up pulling my back
eating too many fibre bars
making toast for breakfast
I got caught doing it w/ my girlfriend by her aunt
making my boss think I was dead because I was having sex NSFW
Today I fucked up by training my gf to organism from just my voice
sending my mother a cursed sexual image
insulting a guys mum
trying to get a clone-a-willy
illegally selling insurance in Canada
forgetting my cell phone charger
jacking off while on the toilet
good morning turned to bad
Can’t stop thinking so that will be my diary
Didn’t realise I was still screen-recording, unintentionally recorded her nude videos which notified her, led to her blocking me, and therefore me cock blocking myself.
pressing "enter" too quickly
being a chicken, and screwing over my friend
showing my 6yo video of 9/11
but calling the wrong pizza
trying to kayak in a loony windstorm
asking my boss if she ‘had any more of that weed, it was amazing’
taking my full dosage of ADHD meds, after not taking my meds during the summer, and consuming more coffee than advised.
matching with my step-son on Grindr
100 people applauded while I was liying on the floor whit my butt out
putting my graphics card underwater just to proof a point
trying to save puppies found in a plastic bag
Predicting the Latest Mandalorian Episode
because I deleted the m4a files from iTunes on my computer &amp; for some reason it synced albums I didn’t want to sync on my phone
working on "personal affairs" in the workplace bathroom
walking in on my parents doing it while trying to bring breakfast in bed for my mom
moving house without checking under my bed
talking over a show
after I bought my sister’s birthday balloons... sharing my whole screen, not just a window at work. (Probably SFW, unless you’re me)
forgetting to mute myself on teams
Stereo porn
Playing a pre-generated character for pathfinder and then creating my actual character half-way through the game thinking the session was over. They were just taking a break.
falling for a crypto phising scheme and giving someone my private key (on my birthday)
walking inti the kitchen with my top off to turn the light iver the stove off
sending a fake Nudes to a now ex-friend
telling someone that their sister cuts themselves
i was couped by two spiders
smoking pot on 4/20
offering to give blowjobs to identical twin brothers
destroying my ex and the most beautiful girl in our school
throwing the groom’s ring in the trash and almost single-handedly destroying the wedding
having sex while playing fortnite
not strapping my phone down better.
my mom just saw my dick....fuck
doing an ass-tonne of Cocaine on accident
trying to treat my insomnia with tea
COVID19
watching a horror movie &amp; enabling my cat to sleep with me
waking my parents at 03:30
cheating Even though I'm single
witnessing my co-worker/neighbor assault his wife.
pooping for too long
lighting my dick on fire....
thinking my boyfriends little sister hates me
The barbeque sauce incident.
not pressing Ctrl+C correctly and pasting nfsw hashtags into an online review
letting my nan find the box to my sex toy.
pooping myself and almost dying because of it.
Letting my wife know the meaning of a phrase i would whisper into her ear.
tofu by not locking the door
thinking I had to deliver Chinese food to my ex’s house
for having a hankering for cherries
almost drowning because I held my breath for too long.
slapping myself in the balls so hard I almost puked.
my car real bad, still got lucky
drinking my dad’s sperm.
getting close with neighbours during lockdown.
looking like I stole from work when I actually didn’t
asking my girlfriend to marry me
not realizing that anyone using my laptop could access my nfsw accounts
trusting a doorbell
Cracking my Back
allowing my chiropractor to see my phone browser full of a page of the black guy with the big penis sitting on the bed smiling at you . (It became a meme. You know the one )
using antiseptic cream on my member (NSFW)
yelling at my mother
thinking my best friends were joking about their 16yo sister’s pregnancy
exploring too far while grooming my boyfriend.
turning down a 9/10 and not losing my virginity
sending a rude remark
not proofreading my assignment
leaving jewelry by my computer, and thus breaking it.
NSFE  forgetting how long an inch was
getting turned on to my own voice in a male choir
drinking vinegar
forgetting my cousin’s surname
trying to be cheapskate on Microsoft
Being High
swearing in a text message and getting blackmailed by my friend's mum
and only realized how bad today.
burning my mouth
existing.
A embarrassing poker game
putting Nutella in a microwave.
swallowing a piece of garlic in a poor attempt to be healthier
mistaking physical reactions to too much weed for being life-threatening seizures.
getting my friend a cake
forgetting to clear my search history when I was high
making a joke about a customers pet goat
doing a sex related thing
punching and unconscious woman in the boob.
celebrating my new apartment too soon...
Accidentally Commenting a Racial Slur on Facebook
buying chocolate milk to a homeless guy
Not taking my cash from the ATM
TIFI by shaving my fucking ass cheeks
trying to smoke up at the end of a dark alley.
wishing my dad a happy birthday on a seemingly random day
trying to be the funny guy.
leaving delicious bread on the middle of the table.
catfishing my husband using a fake picture
trying to clean my balls.
having a cringe attack
When My Dog Farted In My Car
masturbating at the office and my boss walked on me.
for promising to buy my friends dinner.
trying to do the nastys
rubbing my eyes without washing them
Almost had a head on collision, my fault
convincing my friend it was a good idea to go kayaking
not swallowing well enough
accidentally telling a female coworker I have no sex life
breaking a dudes eye socket
Got scammed $11,249.75 in april/may
I spent too much on mobile games this month
Giving my Personal Information to a scammer
showing my friend his ex-girlfriend's Nudes on the Internet.
flicking my girlfriend's daughter in her vagina.
unintentionally having the best damn day of my life
German identical twin confusion.
Investing In AMC Stocks
bleaching my hair two days in a row.
sending the Principal my dick
telling my classmate that she'll be all wet in a while.
knocking over a co-workers beverage that was sitting on edge of her desk with an unexpected erection of mine
small talk with my new colleagues
drinking coffe with hot sauce
face planting on my skateboard going over 20mph downhill, almost certainly breaking my shoulder and then doing acid shortly afterwards. it’s 1:30am.
trying to put on a sexy demonstration with my then-new GF
tapping a water bottle
leaving the front door unlocked
Waxing my Butt
getting a new phone and losing my years old Reddit account
smoking a sunset blunt
going too far with a paintbrush and ending up in the ER
losing my virginity by having unprotected sex with my girlfriend during lockdown.
giving some poor coaching to my son at a soccer game.
for letting my husband die on the titanic!
Not Taking an Exam Seriously
using the wrong treatment for an ear infection
a week ago and got more karma than I've ever gotten on my throwaway porn account thinking I was posting on my normal account.
applying cacao butter in... Places
mixing my "herbs" with my spices NSFW
L
accidentally skipping class
turning on the microwave with nothing inside.
not realizing what I said
Letting My Dog Go Steal A Toy From a Toddler.
opening my window
being naked on a zoom call
a 1200 lb hay bale landed on my chest
indirectly calling a lady from church ugly
making my little sister think she was being kidnapped and cyberstalked
Bluetooth shower speaker blues... (Watching porn and forgetting to turn off my bluetooth while my roommate was taking a shower)
forgetting that my body does indeed have problems digesting stuff I don't normally eat or drink
because I told my close friend I was in love with her...
forgetting due dates
leaving my water bottle on the floor over night
when I asked my boyfriend to get me a shiny wooloo
overreacting to a piece of cat hair
accidentally getting a bird horny and almost losing a finger.
using my dads card to buy Reddit coins
thinking "Epstein didn't kill himself" was a plea to find his real killer, when actually it's a conspiracy theory that he's still alive somewhere
mis-hearing the guy behind the counter, who had to scream at me in front everyone before I got what he was saying.
How to find your Beyblade's name and make?
not watching where I was going
chugging a packet of white tic tacs to assert dominance
vaccinating my SO's cat.
telling my potential future boss I'm "marrying" a cousin
playing laser tag while dehydrated and malnourished.
sending a Nigerian Scammer my nudes
adopting a cat, which resulted in us both getting tapeworm, and me almost dying.
sending a picture of a video game character (Female) with a dick and titled it chicks with dicks...to my dad
making a post on a very sensitive topic on my throwaway account, then later seeing the post come up on my other account's home page and responding to people's comments from that account rather than the throwaway...
memorizing the WRONG first 200 digits of Pi
asking my husband what was so funny?
losing my roommate’s cat
asking my SO if I could do anything for her
being a stupid forgetful klutz in isolation
gossiping about someone Infront of them
not hiding my porn properly
twice by lying, and then ranting to my best friend over something completely nonexistent
laughing at the mysterious death of my FIL’s friend
When I embarrassed myself before the dentist
Cake day clarification
having to wipe my computer because I tried to trouble shoot
being cold for years because of whoever lived here before me
starting a COVID-19 panic
f*** with the colleague I don’t like at all
not setting my smartwatch to watermode
confessing to my sister
thinking a spiders friend was coming for revenge
unknowingly raising a culture of my cat’s piss
watching the wrong lecture
telling my MIL her mum was going to be ok when she'd just died
eating too much cake
accidentally poisoning myself.
succumbing to my low self esteem
listening to The Offspring when I thought everyone was asleep...
saying something i found funny but my SO found it offensive and insensitive.
giving myself a private (or so I thought) performance during another show to keep myself awake
severely underestimating the power of ABV weed with my boyfriend
realising I still have feelings for my ex
getting drunk at a friend's house
for having a headache
not using my mind and basically ruining all entertainment for myself for at least 2-3 years.
letting my brother find out I’m a furry
not submitting an assignment when I thought I did
not going home tonight
accidentally saying “That’s an L” to a kid in the hospital with cancer over roblox
trying to "go all the way" with my girlfriend
TIFI by not realising FB messenger has a voicemail
Putting a piece of paper in my ear
letting my girlfriends dad walk in on her changing
having Tourette's syndrome
buying my daughter the book she doesn't want
trying the keto diet.
Trying to Save A Headphone
stealing from the store
getting into a car accident (I got hit from behind) and telling the cop it was my fault.
not daring to take the step.
talking on the phone
having a conversation with a friend that was overheard by a crazy person
Eating a Salad
nearly making my friend choke on his Dr. Pepper
ruining a blow job
letting the soft n-word out at a school field trip.
yesterday I fucked up) by causing my outlet to short.
wearing shorts to get medical testing done, at a prison...
getting caught by my principal for having sex with my teacher
openly discussing race at work
jerking off as the Beirut Explosion happened.
by going through my boyfriends things and finding a vail of 'sand'.
getting the wrong kind of half baked
Lost two OnePlus 7 pro phone (in a month)
smoking weed in my car at the end of a dark alley
making Wookiee calls
drinking and smoking to the point that I couldn't eat without puke
calling someone illiterate in an online game
I’m now known by my classmates as GUZ
trying to be funny..
pooping and ruining Thanksgiving
turning Right on a red light, into my Supervisor's rad car
using acne medicine to help masturbate
accidentally sending a butt naked pic to a group of close friends.
on a phone purchase
not drinking water after my run
thinking that being hard of hearing was a normal thing
letting a friend into an online class
getting a haircut and looking like Professor Severus Snape
making my dad relive 9/11 in the middle of doing errands.
R/ not checking my paycheck over the past 2 years
Blasting The Theme Song to The Nanny While My Roommate is Having Intercourse
taking a fat line of what I thought was blow before work
letting my employer know I'm going on an interview tomorrow.
Failing my new year resolution an hour and a half after I made it.
leaving my clothes on the floor and not having an outside bin.
being socially incompetent
commenting on India's population
getting locked out of my house in my underwear in the middle of the night.
I ruined my family's front porch with tomato sauce curse words
letting my gf religous mom clean
locking myself out of my hotel room, butt naked.
poisoning my dog
thinking I was ODing ruined my new toothbrush and my lunch.
going full throttle through a corner
eating chipotle
trying to blow myself and getting caught
showing my uncle porn at New Year's Eve
Felt up someone during class
sleeping with my half sister NSFW
Dad antics gone wrong
being desperate for approval
getting a massage with my MIL
My father ran over a dog and I didn't make him stop the car
I fake sneezed on an employee
dropping $100 worth of amazon gift cards
throwing out my wife’s prized family China.
raising my voice at my coworker and he quit on the spot
Unmute during a zoom
sending my brother and sister (in law) my dick.
giving my stalker fellatio in a church parking lot
letting my older sister 'turn' me into a girl which resulted in her boyfriend mistaking the two of us
Prosecco + Eurotunnel =
My boss saw me looking for other jobs
Today I fucked up by acting like a coward and letting a dog get separated from his family
saying I do barbiturates on a life insurance application
telling my parents that my boyfriend was a sex offender
having a $1,000 water bill
drinking a smoothie too early
cheating on my bitch
not washing my hands before fixing my tampon
renting a room in a friend's house
licking a lighter
leaving clove balls in my wisdom teeth sockets
asking my neighbor if his wife has pepperoni nipples
trying to push myself too far and getting (probably) fired
Today I fuck up by dating my sister (not Alabama kind)
slapping my mums ass
ordering a whole bunch of sex toys to my parents house
when I lied to my college friends that I had a girlfriend and then wound up having feelings for my “ex” again.
posting negative things about Trump in a pro Trump sub.
I agreed to a Covid-19 prom date
MY NAME'S FRED HERBERT AND I'M A BAIL BONDSMAN. WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
Smoking Dabs
With trying to make my friend feel better
TFIU by telling my toddler to put things in Mr.Potato heads butt.
doing that 50 shades sex and getting a hard lump hematoma.
I you joe on my substitute teacher
eating street food in Turkey and becoming a laughing stock
asking my girlfriend to send me a nude
cleaning my vibrator
holding in my piss
entering a birthday date for my twitter bot
accidentally stabbing my girlfriends vagina
announcing to my in laws that I was on my way home and telling them to get naked!
massaging eucalyptus oil on my balls
telling my cousin I was ace...
temporarily becoming an uber eats driver after I messed up an order while working at Subway
TDIFU - I now have crisps (chips) everywhere
telling my future father in-law that I voted for Joe Biden.
injuring my balls badly
eating shit and accidentally sacrificing my Apple Watch to save my new work laptop
flushing my edibles down the toilet
self closing C-max seat
taking porn-concept yearbook pics.
ignoring my sickness which made me throw up on a hairdresser
freaking myself out right before I went to sleep
ejaculating in the toilet the moment my mom and my sister opened the bathroom door
ordering a Lyft home
trying to be kinky
walking into a lawnmower
masturbating at 3 in the morning
trying to impress a girl and her dad on Memorial Day
entering a bodybuilding competition
sent a terrible joke to a group chat
giving myself the stupidest injury ever, probably.
acting insane while my house was broken into
accidentally streaming my math class instead of recording
answering a text at an inopportune moment
mixing opioids and monster energy
peeing on a homeless man
holding my kitten for a goodbye hug
training myself to hide everything that I’m doing at the sound of my door opening
almost blinding myself and my dogs
The Walls are Breathing
asking my insecure husband to make more muscles, because English is stupid.
letting a bat piss on my hands
thinking my wife was cheating
leaving my thong in my boyfriend’s room where his mom found them and then washed them
I had a sex dream and it ruined actual sex
trusting my parents
scanning a QR code
teaching my kids a parody spiderman song
when I roasted my crush
accidentally jamming dubstep music at my sisters wedding
grabbing my junk in front of my ex councillor!
making a glass of chocolate milk
meeting a girl
not drying off properly or taking my time to get into my skinny jeans which were in the dryer too long.
lying to my parents that I was working this evening, when I actually was going on a mini "day-trip".
letting my mum search through my phone
bringing up my roommate's long distance girlfriend when he had company over.
Reporting Fraud
not cleaning my oven
putting a Guns N' Roses lyric onto my girlfriend's poem
getting a famous politician killed and starting a major international incident because I had to poop
accidentally giving my 10yo blazing hot wings.
Writing in a birthday card
background checking a date
sexing too hard during sex.
I accidentally played my partner’s porn through the car stereo
ordering food at work
stabbing a hole in the cap of a grenadine bottle...
making a unnecessary joke in front of my girlfriends parents.
not paying closer attention to my bank statements
quoting Shrek
Today I fucked up by having a little white goat pull a David fucking Blaine on me. I also need a new dog collar.
begging for free codes on r/nintendoswitch. making my penis bleed.
getting caught by the police while smoking weed
Sex For Dummies
probably getting myself perma-banned from r/memes
almost breaking my GF's fingers
not having a phone
Why some rich attractive smart womans attract cheap broke not so habdsome partners
A Cautionary Tale
killing Ellen DeGeneres
booking an Italian cruise for my upcoming honeymoon
getting accidentally drunk (again).. in a class
burning my finger from a portable charger battery
getting so high I peed in my girlfreind drawer.
betting 1 million dollars on my daughter
accidental gay
doing a full monty for the window cleaner
Friendly OF - dabbygirl
Today, I fucked up by reading an email that my boss at my dream job accidentally sent me.
telling my parents I blew my dog.
forgetting my pads
obliviously asking my mom and sisters how my dead grandpa was doing. I was a pallbearer at his funeral. obliviously asking my mom and sisters how my dead grandpa was doing. I was a pallbearer at his funeral.
helping an old lady and subsequently making her throw up on herself.
giving my toddler a metal cup
re-activating my fiancée’s phone when I was worried about his safety
looking through my grandpa’s flip phone
forgetting the walls are thin putting the word ‘führer’ in my German exam
Today I fucked it by telling someone to kill themselves.
getting blackout drunk, separating my shoulder, and kissing my husband's cousin.
almost severing my testicles
because i really wanted a sex toy
going on vacation during BronyCon
when I pissed outside and didn't notice the cops.
deleting Duo Mobile from my phone and now I can't log in to the Facebook because I don't have the 2FA code.
sending my ex a meme
giving a man his first blowjob
hosting a family quiz and killing my nephews/nieces dreams
getting into an argument with my mom and suffering immediate consequences
leaving shampoo in my hair all day
going to the emergency room instead of just calling the doctor and scheduling an appointment.
trying to be nice. (invited anti vaxxer mom into my house.)
eating a peanut butter sandwich
complimenting a girl on her squat
not know what probiotics were and ruining my ass
Today I Screwed Up by not applying enough sunscreen.
when I got busted with my dick in a burger
My girlfriend is my biological sister (not Alabama kind)
laughing at my cat's tiny penis
accidentally peeing on my pants infront of my colleagues
Making My Abroad Host Mom Think I Pissed In Bed
accidentally flashing the outside
spitting a dirty q ounce worth of lung butter into an empty tims cup, then hitting a big ol ripper outta the bong and desperately redrank out of said cup and swallowed my own cold looger.
rescuing" my neighbor's cat
Apparently, I'm the bad guy....
sending wrong msg to my moms friend
cracking a coronavirus joke at work
telling my GF about my poop.
trusting my neighborhood
talking shit.
picking up my poo
letting stepsis cut my hair
walking around with a strap on and the blinds open.
nearly removing my girlfriends “love button” with a mini battle ax NSFW
sitting on a toilet
accidentally mentioning my boyfriend to a really religious friend
I Inhaled Fire...
Sending proffesor a 159 page long cheat sheet
confusing my maths teacher with my wife’s mother who I was cheating on my wife with.
with an exploding dishwasher
not realizing discord didn't disconnect me.
forgetting to mute and singing to my class on zoom
saying "Bless you" to a lady who sneezed at Walmart.
paying someone for a hookup and almost getting scammed
getting too high and almost dying in the shower
giving myself a nose job
sharing a drink with a positive covid person
By looking through my spouses phone
thinking a hijab was a ninja
attempting to deliver a pizza and ending up stuck with an angry, drunk hitchhiker
slightly gas bombing my bedroom
my chances with the most and only datable woman in my shit town
falling for a girl too young
I'm fuckin drunk lads
I accidentally made my friend think I'm suicidal
jumping on a train
I got punched and robbed at a Walgreens, for wearing a shirt.
burning my hair while taking a sex break
realizing my PROFILE PICTURE WAS MY BOOBS smacking my head on concrete
going to the toilet at night, without turning on the lights
texting my Mormon mom
Jalapeno Johnson - NSFW
my letting my grandmother do this
setting my snapchat settings to delete after 24 hours
saying my friend could model
ruining my mothers £150 shoes
sh*tting in my girlfriends mouth..
doing the job I was hired to do-
telling my AP literature teacher that my friends says the N word
buying a phone
not checking a water bottle
Anybody else without a gallbladder every crap their pants in public before?
I give out free silver, first commenter gets it
passing out in a bathroom...
training my ass to prolapse on command
getting high on a balcony with a faulty door and having my spare key at my ex’s
inadvertently telling a customer to poop in a changing room
talking about how we all could see colour next to a blind person.
Not Using Chapstick
not having a single clue when a girl is into me infront of my whole family.
wearing a mask.
accidentally leaving my mic on while I feel asleep in class.
finding out that red and blue make purple the hard way.
not knowing how to wash my ass.
I ruined my relationship with my gf
It’s probably going to be hard to hide the crush I have on my doctor now.
attending class in my underwear.
channeling Pavlov
being gullible online
trusting something you cannot see
getting my mum a mother's day card
buying the wrong expansion version
NSFW  almost having the police called on me
wearing women’s clothing and not realizing until months later
using an iPhone 7 to flirt
TIDU by forgetting to put my dogs in the basement
missing an important contest because i thought my teacher wants to have sex with me
Going To The George Floyd Protests
not taking my mask off in time
sleeping with my 3 month old puppy
eating Cheez-its (crosspost from r/drugs)
leaving my phone in the dumbest spot imaginable
locking myself out of two different rooms
groping my friend's little brother
Well I messed up
telling a guy with murderous fantasies my actual location
sleeping with the wrong twin.
creating incestuous characters in sims 4.
giving my dog PSTD and making him think there was an earthquake
dropping my electric toothbrush in the toilet making my teacher feel like shit and being too dumb to explain that it was a misunderstanding.
suggesting to grow a beard on a trans sub reddit.
not checking behind me before talking mad shit.
letting someone drink my snot
eating a full loaded tick from my cat congratulating someone for losing weight, when in fact they didn't lose any weight.
buying conditioner
hitching my dogs to a bike-rack
being lazy and using what I thought was baby wipes Instead of taking a shower
for booking a 1am flight cause it was cheaper
implying our neighbours are criminals
throwing up on my boyfriend
jumping my four wheeler and having a piece of all thread go three inches up my butt.
listening to a song I lole
smoking weed
NSFW  burning my balls on my pants zipper.
dropping out of school
not reading the menu carefully at Gordon Ramsay’s steakhouse
smearing my cum all over my face
telling my employer I'm exhibiting Covid-19 symptoms
moaning way too loudly during phonesex
eating an entire edible
trying to make a return
stealing my teachers remote controller during a field trip.
offending a Biden supporter.
Falling on a treadmill in front of strangers
being in a rush
Your post did not include sex
hiring by a porn model
catcalling
inadvertently telling a girl she got really fat, really fast.
choosing not to do a busy work assignment, and then the professor decided to make it count as our final.
unintentionally asking for a threesome
still not being asleep and its 9:15am and I got shit to do in a couple hours
My stupidity sent me home because of corona
breaking a guys eye socket
broadcasting by pee noise and flush on online office meeting
hitting my friend in the knuckle with a ruler
Today I fucked up by taking a piss right after eating hot wings and not properly wiping my hands before getting up to use the restroom.
watching 'I Care A Lot' with my boyfriend
getting a boner while reading a scat story with my fiancé in bed.
not checking my towel before using it
cutting myself on dishes then ignoring the injury it caused.
going story by story in this sub and was annoyed and disappointed to find that only half of the anecdotes actually happened Today!
driving 90 mph to avoid drug dealers, only to find out later that they were really the police!my not wearing underwear under my shorts on a walk and ended up shitting myself
eating flamin' hot cheetos..
not having something that could be sexily interpreted in my post
with an ambiguous valentines day card.
going on pornsites when I was 8
not checking a toilet
These days I fucked up
while sneezing when I was eating spicy tacos
not charging my beats
giving myself tinnitus days before the new year
not seeing a dentist
having an affair with a younger woman
deleting all my pictures on my phone
heating up the sauna too much, it broke some of the glass.
ruining the PERFECT opportunity to talk to my crush in the CRINGIEST way possible.
i made bird screeching noises while my brothers girlfriend was making loud sex noises
accidentally letting my right AirPod fall into Barbecue sauce and then sucking the sauce of from the top.
carrying a soggy coffee pod in my jeans pocket in school
I predicted death
That one time I accidentally peed inside a mosque
scanning photos in
buying discounted Halloween Candy
really bad by underestimating my cumshot
blowing my chance to have my song played on a MAJOR radio station
accidentally alerting my school about covid-19.
getting some Last Dab: Apollo hot sauce in my Fleshlight
forgetting my friend’s birthday.
purchasing an engagement ring
making cops think I was a getaway driver
trying to help a stray dog.
trying to talk to a boy
washing my privates in the bath
giving myself concussion while hiding in the break room at work.
Broke door at work
Making Sweet Potato Cassrole
Leaving my Laptop Unattended while I was Busy
letting my puppy do his number two on the bathroom floor
accidentally plaging “Die Very Rough” by Mario Judah on online class.
Should i optimalize my keybinds
Vegan for a year, about to walk 5 miles to get the Travis Scott burger from McBrix and partake in animal suffering/meat consumption
pissed off my spiritual guru!
Tofu by going for a poop
upvoting my fiance’s comments
Today I fucked up by having a coworker yell at me and I just laughed it along
spraying my colleague in the face with an high pressure power washer.
joking about my sister's diagnosis
having to call my landlord to get me out of self-bondage
starting a snowball effect with my Friend all over a DNA test for his family for Christmas.(Heavy story)
asking an African-American woman if she was getting foodstamps.
forgetting how to interact normally with other adults
being sick on my boyfriend
thinking I needed to bring about changes in my life.
when my mother found bag full of jizzed cloth
What is the most redicules fake of all time?
itching my ear with a bic pen cap, looking at was on it, and maybe putting the cap in my mouth
coming home early and finding my roommate using my dildo
boring my parents with a direct-to-video Disney sequel
douching too much and nearly flooding the bathroom as a result
nearly getting robbed by someone with BiPolar
Sexed my sex inducing sexmate
forgetting to put pants on my 1 year old daughter
going on a date with a girl and her ex and her “new guy”
My teacher caught me jerking off to my crush in zoom class
when I broke the toilet
getting caught masturbating by my dad.
LPT  getting a one month ban from commenting on Facebook for calling someone a Persian goat.
getting too drunk at a work Christmas party
Leaving my gaming mouse in the tech room
coming off as a creeper in a store
trying to force a sneeze
giving my managers personal cell phone number as a reference.
trying to take a piss outside my house.
burning a $7.99 candle in my room, and sleeping with it on overnight (no windows open).
not washing my hands before having some fun
I put a 6-year-expired hemorrhoid suppository up my bum
not going to horny jail and wasting inordinate amounts of money on literally nothing because I am a sad POS
Eating Not 1 But 2 Hot Dogs
accidentally making my whole school think Linus tech tips hacked into my school account.
helping my friend
My Ultra Christian Father Seen All My YouTube History
eating accidentally, then intentionally, eating a Whopper after 9 years of not eating red meat.
humming the pornhub them while having sex with my wife
Telling Everyone My Fetish
doing Disney impressions
using my neck to stop an angle grinder
swearing at a 911 operator
getting blackout drunk and nearly burning the house down
telling the owner of a large haunted house attraction my name
as I jerked the gurk as my cat was watching and I’m worried about him
Gift cards!
shorting all the drawers at my store and over depositing.
I was sleeping during online class, but my camera was turned on.
Hard labor + crappy shoes = bad
forgetting to mute my mic during my staff meeting
tieing my hands behind my back while home alone.
I asked my 16 year old son for gift ideas...an electric razor
drinking from a chipped beer bottle
Bought a charger thinking it comes with rechargable batteries but instead wasted money...
not calling my Grandma
getting in the longest drive-thru covid testing line while suffering from diarrhea
wasting an entire afternoon by not knowing left from right
jumping the gun on an amazing night of anal
accidentally discovered my brother's Reddit user name
booking a hotel room
passing out in hospital while mom getting treated
TIFI by singing when I thought I was alone.
Getting rid of my son's Christmas gifts because I thought he opened them early.
saying “doggy style” instead of “doggy paddle”
I just put myself in child trafficking asking my colleagues to pitch in for bereavement flowers
building a LEGO set and trying to show it off
being a sleep deprived idiot
for dating a guy I didn't even like
trusting my bearded dragon not to ruin my shirt and my dignity
when I opened Facebook and saw the first video on my timeline
attempting to masturbate 7 days after getting circumsised
So I was in class with a stuffy nose and my friend said if I snorted SMARTIE powder it would clear my nose so I did it and then I started sneezing uncontrollably I was covered in snot. My nose was clear but it did not clear the way I was expecting
telling someone they were a long way from home
letting my co-workers talk me into eating at a Chipotle mid-pandemic.
witnessing my friend's mom set herself on fire trying to smoke a bong
eating a marshmallow
traumatizing my cat
making a grilled cheese with no cheese or bread.
forgetting I was supposed to be taught stuff.
because I forgot all my coworkers names and they found out
buying a candle that has a ring inside of it somewhere...
emailing a job I got rejected from 6 months ago 5 times in a row🥴
My dog bit a burglars foot of
I think I might have poisoned myself
not making my wife go to the hospital and traumatizing my 4 year old
slipping in a puddle of my own piss
letting my 2-year old daughter play Genshin Impact
playing what sounded like porn during a class presentation.
saying “what the fuck are you doing over there” to my dad
forgetting the trash was moving
not accepting an anniversary/birthday gift
putting plastic in what I thought was a drawer
telling my friend who my crush was.
keeping up my 1113 day streak on Duolingo
putting calamine lotion on my balls
flooding the shower drain with cat litter
being unable to find my grades, freaking out about it and then crying when I did finally find my grades because I read them wrong
looking up r/cat boys
sleeping with my married friend/coworker.
purchasing overly expensive soda
delivering a punch line in the wrong place at the wrong time
exponentially
accidentally telling an old worker that he is dirty
making my class think I'm homophobic
having phone sex with a scammer
using iMessage for the first time in a year
sex stuff (NSFW)
giving my girlfriend access to my inheritance, which was in the form of BTC. Girlfriend took her chances and vanished with the money.
hugging my wife...
I swiped right for my ex on two apps
not distributing my edible ingredients properly
letting my new puppy alone when i shouldn't have
screwing six girls and my stepmom whichever caused dicks and vagina to burn(NSFW)
using my little brothers bluetooth speaker to listen to music in the shower, forgetting to unpair it with my phone, and accidentally playing the first few seconds of a porn videos audio over the speaker in his room.
drinking two strong coffee before bed.
laughing at a Hiroshima resident about the bombing
falling through thin ice to save my dog.
letting my cat lick my face
giving myself atropine eyedrops for a funny picture
feeding my niece and nephew the wrong thing
telling my friends I shampoo and condition my armpit hair which I thought was normal
bringing up the Beirut tragedy to my conservative parents.
almost ruining the holidays with an inappropriate picture
drinking magnesium citrate
when I backed into this man’s car after a spider dropped down on me.
learning someone's real name
sticking a balloon-toyup my bottom, loosing it in there, having it poke my rectal walls and spending the rest of the night in the hospital.
because of my cheese addiction and almost lost my job
wanting a coffee
TUFU By snot-screech-laughing at a girl who was clearly mentally unwell
being so tired a policeman thought I was drunk.
using my dead grandmother's eye brushes and getting an infection
thinking semen was a finite resource.
never washing my feet.
blaming the kids
rupturing my friends eardrum
Shit and mutated super maggots...that’s all this is
sticking my boyfriend's pocket pussy to the wall in our new house.
giving a ride to a 400 lb. stranger
climbing in the ceiling and breaking the ceiling tiles.
talking to myself during my job
singing while I thought I was on hold
searching for an obscure Kenyan tribe in a swimming pool on the internet and realizing it was just my brain giving me ridiculous dreams again.
Left food out now worried about cats
losing part of my trumpet during a band competition
accidentally transferring money to our house phone now I can’t get it back
massaging my fiance
being an asshole to our doorman
eating leftover Macaroni Cheese.
not knowing that pineapples are not meat
following along to a prank and deleting everything on my family's computer
a date I was looking forward to.
when I made a bad joke about the “IT” book. Didn’t realize I fucked up till a checked the comment and saw the 70 something downvotes.
I called the teacher senpai throwing up on my boss
googling what my fear was called
sleeptraining the whole family
accepting two jobs at once
drilling a hole into a denture and almost dying
using too much bleach in the dishwasher, nearly poisoning myself and my brother
renting my car on Turo and was instantly transported into an episode of Shameless
My mom walked in on me while I was jacking off....again
letting my Mom overhear me reveal my celebrity crush
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR PERCOCET ONLINE WITHOUT PRESCRIPTION?
‘naming’ my three-year-old niece after a sexually explicit female rapper
blewing directly into a bottle of habanero powder to clean it.
washing dishes at work
- almost - having sex with a 16 year old. I'm 22.
reconnecting with an ex and bring back old memories I had buried very deep
when i called a female captain sir instead of mam twice and had to be corrected
calling my boyfriend a "slut dragon" as he orgasmed
accidentally offending my substitute history teacher.
snorting probiotics
going to work sleep deprived
eating all the cookies
getting someone that saved me from harassment or worse arrested
getting scammed out my savings
telling my teacher to F off and I told my class that she cheated on her husband
trying to outsmart my dad
misreading “cannibalism” for “cannabis”
going to a nude beach and giving my SO head at my friend's house (NSFW)
making a pun.
not knowing my friend who recently passed didn't have a gravestone yet.
accidentally letting my boss’s dogs out.
"saving" my dick smegma in my pencil's rubber hole
fucking the sexy yoga instructor and getting her pregnant
sending my wife and daughter to the worst movie ever
chewing mint gum
casting my phone screen to the tv
KuCoin--- Так держать...Регуляторы спокойней, не борзейте...
Another hinge story
assuming I'd get home in time.
telling a guy “have a good weekend” after we talked about him having to go to his grandpa’s funeral this weekend... and it was a Tuesday
failing to overdose on antidepressants
trying to dirty talk with my GF
leaving my little cousin alone for two minutes while I went to the bathroom
ruining my Google account
not telling my husband and his parents that I knew their native language and then speaking in the said language in front of them
losing my dead grandfathers gold and onyx ring
accidentally insulting an old lady
talikng shit of a rule the principal made and they called my parents
celebrating my fake birthday
Trying to do the right thing and spectacularly failing.
asking my French neighbor if I can borrow his mistress for the night
using my undershirt as a cum rag
wearing a pink frilly dress to a ballet in France
letting my grandmother finish my laundry.
Today I fucked up by washing my penis...
going to the mall for a test
eating fiddleheads
not checking if the water is running in the bathroom
thinking my teacher was Tom Brady's mom.
not looking at what I was drinking
not throwing away a dirty towel
buying a 360 game for nearly quadruple its asking price
Someone cost someone millions of dollars
ask a girl her name, rejected big time. asking a person who they were talking to when they were carrying a vase with their family member's cremated remains inside.
not prefacing that I was reading a joke out loud.
breaking my sink with my belly
accidental rape
missing my divorce
Snot Rocket
I broke up with a girl but I feel regret and doubt
clicking on a link NSFW
taking dick pics on my parents windows xp computer
almost peeing myself at during an international flight
maybe destroying my relationship
Bro lose's one of his airpods in the snow
realizing i’m the problem
eating an entire container of Japanese-style panko bread crumbs in one night.
letting my little brother talk shit about my gf
not looking at my phone for 50 minutes at my birthday
pretending to be be color blind
beating my dick with tan lotion and getting my parents worried about my discolored hand
pooping myself at 30 years old
trying to get a little sexy with my partner. Almost died.
going down on the GF.
helping my neighbor possibly make someone kill themselves
showing boobs and penes to pre-k kids and their parents
not knowing how house heating works
letting a redditor dictate my masturbation.
building a saw horse
DON’T USE CLOROX WIPES ON YOUR BUTT!!!
shutting the toilet door and locking myself in!
using a fake ID in a small hometown
spoiled kid gets me annoyed at work.
telling my boyfriend I like it rough in bed
Urgent care after sex cause yolo
sharting myself in public
stealing my grandma's credit card and having phone sex scheduling an eye exam...
reading too many posts that didn’t occur today...
and drove without car insurance
making everyone think I am Transgender
After work, she became the victim of Sumberpucung bust begging
costing my dad over $300.
wearing athletic shorts to the doctors.
stepping on a Lego, causing me to Ejaculate Everywhere! (and leading to the Biggest Cleanup Ever)
I accidentally ripped my mom's door handle off
not knowing there are 2 types of Fiber
thinking about Dutch Ovening my gf while having sex
killing an entire family of Rabbits
cooking a tik tok video recipe.
Called the cops on my sister for child abuse
I'm stuck step car
flushing the keys to the new work car with my poopie getting covered in 3 month old bin juice
not realizing that the constantly negative way in which I speak about myself isn't normal for other people.
applauding an opening speaker’s remakes on recognizing the unceded land on which we gather
Shaving My... Friend.
trying to fix a bug in my pc that wasn’t letting me Open GeForce Experience. Had to format Windows.
getting blackout drunk in front of my family on Christmas eve
taking some anti acids for my indigestion.
I got black out drunk, got food poisoning and woke up to my friends house covered in shit
nutting on my (now ex) boyfriend
telling someone that she'll be fired in a few days.
peeing down from the balcony of an apartment on the 11th floor on a windy night (NFSW)
almost drinking myself to death
accidently telling a trans person that they can’t use the bathroom.
emailing my new employer from the wrong name
thinking my car had died
complimenting a man's awesome travel bag... for his CPAP machine
getting intimate with a guy on the 6th day of knowing him
streaming my work to my teammates
Shotgunning Blood all Over the School Bathroom
I hate myself and love my brother
Caught smoking weed by store manager.
being stupidly jealous and pushing it to far with my gf.
link promotion
because I started a fight with my sister
playing too much animal crossing
loudly farting in front of my girlfriend and then saying “Bless you.”
scaring the crap out of my kid
confusing two neighbours I was trying to be friends with.
improvising my lines in my drama elective in front of the whole class
reading leaked spoilers for TLOU2
watching YouTube on the toilet
Do you have experience with mental health mobile application? A short questionnaire for my dissertation thesis
sending nudes
showing my new boss my boyfriends nutsack
singing happy birthday to a kid when it wasn't her birthday.
Forgetting I had a Rental Car
Getting Drunk Before a Concert
always wanting to get a puppy. Finally got him but realized I made a huge mistake
falling for a girl I play CSGO with when I already have a gf.
swallowing my own cum
Ive been cheating on my girlfriend who ive been seeing for 6 months .
ruining my back at my new job on the first day.
accidentally ordering an Uber Eats...
I massed up real bad
drawing the Skyrim quest marker on my private parts.
calling my wife and her friends unattractive.
getting too high
farting on my daughter
with a Taboo buzzer
incorrectly wearing a G-string
telling my friends that I will prove I don’t have small dick.
having glue on my hands-
not watching where I stepped
putting a Biden sticker on my conservative dad’s car
hitting my family jewels with a hammer
Miami . looking for some cool guy for fun .. Skype i'd is given below
Upvoted a UK meme and now i cant get rid them
calling my teacher grandma
driving with my boobs out
my CS exam with Reddit.
taking a piss in the school forest then telling a security guard I was smoking weed in the dark
Hit a little girl with my car.
laughing in my manager's face when she told me her aunt had passed away
eating a space cake before the movies.
not answering the door fast enough.
jacking off while on MDMA and LSD
drinking a small amount of perfume.
shaking what I thought was a proffered hand but it wasn’t.
Arby's service was so good it hurt.
not locking the door.
Emailed my class the exam answers, accidentally included my professor in the recipients
continuously making a customer angry when delivering them pizza
doing sex
not standing in the rain and insisting that my dog do her business.
I using cucumber as a dildo
Oversleeping For a First Date
Microsoft billing
thinking with my d*ck and getting scammed out of $700
walking into my brother's room without knocking
almost ALMOST cornholing myself.
Most expensive pancakes ever.
got caught trying to sneak sex
using inappropriate words during online class not realizing that my Mic was on
leaving my vibrator under my pillow at my dads house.
sending an email to my managers before I could finish writing it
getting mad at my dad.
TFIU by realising my glasses were gross AF
laughing my ass off at a children's concert
making a sexual hand gesture on a video call with a buddy.
pushing a bug off my shoulder.
not handing my grandpa a screwdriver
almost drowning and showing myself in entirety to all the people on the beach.
nearly setting the kitchen at work on fire TWICE
not reading the packet label
for not closing my bathroom door.
pulling a hair
Accidentally Turning The WHOLE Company’s Mass Email Template and Listserv Site Rainbow Colors
identifying the wine used in Catholic Communion
revealing I wrote fan fiction to a friend
Kids, a bomb threat isn't a joke.
totaling my car
posting in unpopular opinions
exposing my(31m) large breasts (Double Ds) to a bunch of milk hungry toddlers at the local daycare
accidentally shouting a racial slur at a cute animal
sitting next to 3 girls at the university's cafe without saying a single word.
Rushing To Work
telling my brother about my wife's hospital visit
woke up naked in another apartment
volunteering to hold the cat after he’d been locked in the bathroom for 7 hours.
thinking my brother-in-law was using hate speech to refer to his children.
claiming a fart.
charging my phone
lying to my father
asking my wife for a hand job
almost passing out for masturbating.
Paid the clerk and forgot to pump gas. It gets deeper tho.
accidentally identifying as trans
never updating my motherboards BIOS
Climbing a Mountain During a Wild Fire
not cleaning my cat's litter box for two months.
giving an innocent stranger an unexpected hand sanitizer facial while she tried to eat noodles in peace
I wrote the wrong date in my planner and missed my final
I took a bathroom break during a date
Good deeds
realising I walked around naked for my neigbours to see because I am short sighted
when my love of hot food got the better of me
dropping 100$ on the floor on accident
taking a hit of crack
Sexing sex and then sexually sexing sex sex
I fucked my friend's computer.
pulling out my tampon with spicy jalapeno fingers
agreeing to play “arena” with my brother
accidentally appearing to be a racist segregationist.
telling my step daughter why I always have cash on my wallet
mentally scarring my wife whilst getting two favorite sex positions blacklisted.
being into butt stuff
An anime girl in a bikini came up on my screen while my dad was helping me with my work.
because I check out the Cutie trailer to see why people are going mad at it
eating too much cheese before bed
eating meat even though I was warned.
telling my crush she looks like a chicken
TIFI by impulsively throwing and wrecking my iphone 11
cutting myself with a butter knife.
asking my friend for support while doing acid.Guess no one was sleeping...
accidentally yelling at the class I was constipated.
locking my mom in the balcony.
naming my boyfriend’s fish after me
almost buying shrooms off a coworker and now my boss knows he sells
showing a class of children, and a teacher, my bong and breast simultaneously.
getting my nails done long
I messed up on social talking to a girl
scratching my balls after cutting up the world's hottest pepper!
cutting jalapeños and then itching my clit.
getting the nickname cheeto puff
shitting myself, in a thong, on my velvet couch, next to my boyfriend
feeding my kittens the Double recommended amount of food per day
By relaxing at work
locking myself out of my apartment at 1 am
thinking this sub still has mods
misommunicating with a girl
fucking with a candle
telling my boss I smoke weed.
busting a fat nut to playboi cartis whole lotta red
Buttplug found by mom
not stretching my legs before getting up to pee, almost pissing on my cat in the meantime.
cutting just the tip of my finger off
Friend's Wife...
going skating (super small)
It’s past midnight, I have work tomorrow at 6:30am and I have accidentally dosed myself with acid.
calling my supervisor President Trump...
accidentally playing out loud my audiobook in a Bibliothek full of people
quoting System of a Down
thinking my debit card got stolen
The old sleepy horny
having a rick and morty viewing party 12 hours before it aired
eating a cake
Today, I fucked up by cleaning my son’s room
wasting 2 hours on trying to fix my phone.
almost losing a precious package from my mother
shitting myself on a first date while wearing a skirt.
donating ten times as much as planed.
forgetting I use a Wacom for work while going through TSA...
lying to my parents
dropping my iPad and now it’s possessed
note talking to roomies during a pandemic
walking into the wrong class on my first day of college.
offering to join my friend as he drove my other friend home
putting a dying possum out of its misery before being completely certain it was dying.
letting my boyfriend’s cat into the house at 5:30 AM
losing the love of my life because of my actions alone
running through a yellow light and almost died
masterbating and had a minor attack
acussing my MIL of drinking straight vodka in place of wine
mixing up my reddit usernames, and deleting my primary reddit account.
accidentally shaving off my year long beard growth
storming out the house without any money
swearing in front of my girlfriend’s father
turning on my fan
Been using fabric softener for years thinking it was detergent
TIFUpdate Probably final update for my cross-dressing thing
Yo check this making beef barley..... not beef barley soup
f21 BY ruining me and my f26 sisters relationship
Punched the ceiling light while playing on the oculus.
leaving a raccoon in a trap for three hours
falling asleep with stream still running
Reddit for iOS: Version 2020.38.0 Now Available!
Law school file format for me kicked outta law school.
spitting with a mask on
getting second-degree sun poisoning at Vans Warped Tour
letting my 5 year old kid watch The Matrix with me
thinking that the power outage lights in the bathroom at work were security cameras
melting a stick of butter on a gas wall heater
becoming "The Sh*t &amp; Git Bandit"
getting a face full of dog poo.
yelling “ What the fuck?! ” in class and singing songs.
Today I fucked up by trusting google photos
not closing the curtains, and not being properly clothed.
standing up to my abusive dad
leaving my door "ajar"
not knowing what r/toastme was all about
thinking it was my dad's birthday.
underfeeding my puppy for the past 6 months
while pooping
Today i fucked up by realising my whole childhood was a lie
locking myself out of my car and house right before work.
The Girl Who Works At The Salon
rubbing my cock-nut oil on my hair
using a tinder match to cope
letting my cat drink out of the sink
pretending that boric powder I brought to school was cocaine Getting Eye Sliced with Playing Card
trying to keep my patient in bed washing my mom's carseat with liquid dishwashing soap.
losing the love of my life
saying by correcting "sorry for your loss" to "good riddance"
today i fucked up by eating some random chips
saying i was eating "my roommates" nuts.
cuddling with dog piss.
accidentally getting my girlfriend an erotic massage. Twice.
Joking With a Coworker
dropping some ranch at a pizza place
asking my boyfriend (27m) how his fishcakes were.
taking Medical Marijuana for the 1st Time Before my Client Meeting
ejaculating in my bedM
gaining $900 in medical debt because I was lonely.
Sleeping Naked
cumming in my sleep while my friends were in the room
not breaking up with my boyfriend and him shitting on our bed, and the finally breaking up with him! -telling for a friend.
asking a stranger to choose a banana for me
FIFU by teaching my daughter a new French word
waking up at 4am to take a piss and...
slapping myself too hard during a run.
not knowing how to use a blender
becoming Shit Poseidon, Lord of the Toilet Bowl
letting people believe I was a white supremacist
being bored in the HTML class
letting my dad say “I don’t want a man shoving something up my daughter.
Just got in a small car crash
giving my girlfriend my pee to drink and having it spit all over me in my sleep
showing my neighbor my bajingo.
showing my boyfriend’s family my nudes
spilling a jar full of my rotten pee all over the lab lady’s shoes.
almost removing a table from the “good side” of a one armed customer
Got stabbed by a pencils and hears why.
shit my pants, and my gf broke up with me
I got thrown under the bus while being kicked out of a friend group
going all in with Echo Arena on my Oculus Quest 2
ruining a joke my wife has been saving for years.
Trashing My Room For Alyssa Milano
getting a boner while my penis was being operated on.
calling and ordering food at the wrong restaurant
not having my chats backed up daily.
my entire class overheard my doctors appointment.. about my period.
trying out nair for men without being cautious.
laughting like the joker at my new coworkers
looking for my dad’s AirPods.
coming home high and running into my new landlord
doing a mic check before a call-in show
asking a podcaster to wish my crush a happy birthday
(literally) destroying my friend's toilet bowl
not checking the mail on the table.
realizing my husband has been wearing my jeans for the last weeks.
telling a date she tastes like fish
TIDU By asking what's mine
charging my phone with a bad wire,
dropping a 400 pound rock on my leg
I got pulled over speeding with my poop covered dog and open beer bottles in my car.
procrastinating doing a test.
My first day at work
Sent Mom a Screenshot of a Pretty Graphic Sext
placing ALL the cooking pots and pans upside down in the dishwasher
Sending MPreg Hentai to a Recruiter
wiping a red pen on my joggers near my crotch
laughing then falling
Clogging up the toilet (NSFW)
Soo, any buffer advice?
going onto my balcony to check the hail damage
eating a whole ball of extra hot wasabi
breaking into a locked cabinet NSFW
accidently got my crack deeler busted
in an important exam
I lied to someone I shouldn't have and now she doesn't trust me
factory resetting my phone.
(not) taking a sick day
for inhaling death juice and nearly dying.
not knowing how a new messaging app worked
Didn’t recognize my own cat
teaching a patient how to do a self breast exam
getting recorded by a customer calling her a Karen on her security system.
jaccing
calling my mom "a whore" to the restroom mirror.
cumming on a towel
asking my Dr for my blood type.
I saw my dad's porno searches.
accidentally announcing that my fiance and I use weed to most of my family
leaving a frying pan with oil on a stove
forgetting I am kind of a professional artist
trying to save a customer some money on shipping
telling my brother to shut up
Emergen-C OD
peeing in a cup for social distancing.
not telling the dentist about my cracked molar
working in a hospital.
eating my toddlers butt nugget
slangin sauce
Talked to hotter friend on a date?
letting the bidet do me wrong
so bad, I let him just believe I smoked weed instead of telling him the truth.
shaving off my 11 month beard, not knowing what I looked like underneath...
Almost Crushing My Aunt With a Metal Shelf
joining my friend's surprise graduation Zoom meeting
admitting I have a medical marajuana card to HR at my work
having a weird ass dream
waving hello to my coworker
watching a subtitled movie
not fixing an obvious problem...
Two party system
searching something up on the wrong computer
using my head as a sledge hammer
leaving a Playboy magazine under my bed for 10 years.
sucking my dentist’s finger
letting my cat sit on my shoulder and scratch my face
being silly
making a police report about my own stupidity
not checking my vet's current covid rules
having my bf’s dad walk in on us in the bathroom
Homeless man caught me masturbating in publicBuy Facebook Ads Accounts - Buy Old Facebook Accounts
sharing puppy pics with my boss
getting a little to frisky
texting my gf’s mother
accentually overdosing my husband with thc
Losing My Job
sending a d*ck pic to my entire team at work.
1st time drunk
smashing my p*nis on a pole in the middle of a shopping centre and kissing a cockroach
avoiding cuteness because I thought it would be terrifying
zoom blunders
making a joke at the gas station
leaving reddit open at work
accidentally forcing sex on my girlfriend
catching feelings for my sidechick
breaking a door of glass in my school
trying to be hospitable
making fun of an autistic person
I put deep heat on my balls and then try to piss in a sock
trying to give my gf a gift for her birthday.
when I stole my nanas Ultra Duster to inhale it to get high.
Trying to Adopt a Dog
saying ok when my friend asked me out
propelling a booger in front of a woman and her kid
calling my art piece "Galactic Sex"
realising I've been using the toilet the wrong way my whole life.
spilling water on a stranger.
Can you really make money taking surveys ?
being the typical idiot in car
saying “Fuck You”
spraying my overly sensitive brother with water
writing a sex note
not taking the dog out
accidentally stabbing my Tinder date
staring at a guy peacefully eating in his car while trippin balls on shrooms high as fuck
bringing the coolest pencil pouch EVER to school.
TOFU I made a sexual remark to a cousin
kicking my wife's dead cat down the stairs
peeing and shitting in my pants
unmuting the wrong microphone
Stuck hand together can’t unstick it
not using the brakes on my bike
i was stupid
interacting with people while high
crashing into a parked car. I only have liability insurance so my poor Subaru is pretty much a total loss.
I accidentally sent my mom a uh... inappropriate text
getting out of bed
accidentally flashing my prof my tits
writing a burger advertisement that got me fired
withdrawing from too many classes and causing my financial aid payments to be due in 6 months instead of a year and a half from now.
sending an accidental dick pick to a girl I’m talking to.
accidentally sending my friend a porn video
blowing chili powder into my eyes
ignoring a safety briefing my boss LITERALLY just gave, resulting in $8,000 worth of damages, two trucks out of commission, and my termination.
texting without thinking
dragging a pheasant to the supermarket
ruining three perfectly good chicken breasts
be calling my neighbor "Whoreface"
Outing myself as bisexual
Didn't realize I was unmuted in a zoom class
pressing random buttons on an ATM
I was hiking and lost my boots in quicksand
thinking that 9/11 planes attacked a shopping mall
Trying To Scare My Brother
deleting 7 years worth of data and getting fired the next day
Harry Potter bent over as Voldemort comm - StoryAI
leaving my windows open after dark
getting my cat addicted to earwax
getting laid and forgetting about a roast chicken, leaving it in the oven and going on holiday for nearly 4 weeks.
paying a stranger's car registration renewal fees &amp; unfucked it by getting it refunded.
Letting My Teacher...
TIFY by Ignoring one fuck up which led to a 10x more expensive fuck up
smoking weed in the time of Corona...
playing the wrong song during sex.
ignoring the weird phantom pains I'd get while trying to fall asleep.
eating an edible after work
eating my girlfriend out and then blacking out
popping a pimple down there
answering the phone
leaving my backdoor open.
believing my friend could actually read tartan
trying to watch my diet
having sex with same gender
Crack head at airport
leaving my new eyeliner on the counter
getting my kids really excited about the Confederacy
forgetting I had a lottery tickey that won a thousand dollars
up by forgetting to take out my contacts before I cannonballed in the pool in my backyard. It didn’t end well.
attempted a compliment
trusting my boyfriend to do his own laundry.
shouting a meme in warning as my friend hit a car on his bike
and lost my temper with a client
talking to my gf while drying my genitalia.
accidentally breaking a bird’s leg while cleaning its cage at the pet store I worked at
picking a fight with a dude much bigger than me
squeezing my sister in law's ass
with Reddit awards
accidentally telling a blank guy I won't feel bad if he is hanged
inhaling fumes
watching a show my sister and I always watch together in secret
talking about my butt at the drive thru.
Gasping Loudly During Glass
submitting a fake CV (resume, in the US)
Messaged the wrong person
Okay so it wasnt really me that fucked up and it wasnt really today...
because I showed my boyfriend a Reddit post I made on his birthday
Self-Pity
accidentally sedating myself for 48 hours by taking the wrong meds
using essential oils
finishing work early
saying that my mother is called "mum"
eating a drop
failing NNN
dropping off the Browns at the Super Bowl
breaking my family laptop
almost wearing a kind of offensive tshirt
going into a room I shouldn’t even have access to
giving my kids water to drink
pissing the bed at 3am
cuz i jerk off more than 5 time and its not night yet
subscribing to my step-daughter’s OnlyFans site
texting someone they would get shot during a school shooting
going on an accidental date
me (26M) letting my (37F) sugar mama fall in love with me
tonight I F'd up by locking myself out of my GF and I's place.
not double-checking on a job offer sooner and now I might have lost the job
When I came to the realization that I probably shouldn't have gone with feelings attached for a fwb that occurred quite some time ago.
Update: Masturbated to my best friend
The Presidential Threesomes *AKA* The Pedophile Kidnapper Meets The Pharmacist *AKA* The Cockblocking Fire Alarm That Fought Back
I told my sister her dad might not be her dad.
stumbling onto a murder scene in the woods
body slamming a girl trying to hug me
not locking the door while masturbating
taking ambien and THEN realizing I had a stomach virus
paying too much attention to my BFs shirt
Holding a Key on Windows Login Screen
spitting down myself in my sleep, during a really vivid dream
eating body lotion
Dr Who?
bending my cpu pins
being an emetophobe.
FOR POSTING EDGY CONTEN
checking out this random chick on facebook and accidently tagging myself in a photo of herself and a friend from like 6 years ago.
ordering a package and (maybe) putting the wrong shipping address
not realizing that the MRI technician could hear me.
The Yee Yee haircut gta meme just put me in such an uncomfortable position.
saying I would bring “healthy pancakes” to a school picnic in 2nd grade. Ended up eating them all by myself.
amp; just about got my left nipple eaten
New to dating at nearly 40, sent my first drunk text to a guy. Laugh with me? =D
going to church
Catching My Ballsack In My Onsie Zipper
taking a shower
accidentally walking into the men’a locker room.
not going on Reddit the entirety of my cake day because I didn’t know it was my cake day.
Masturbation and UTI Male
putting tennis balls under my (m) shirt as Boobs in front of my very Muslim grandmother
buying a Lexus
I sent the wrong text
Smoking Sesame seeds
telling my coworker about my Aspergers (High Functioning Autism).
serving enchiladas, burning myself, and potentially scarring my roommate.
pavloving my fiancee by making her horny with The Simpsons
Pulling the Fire Alarm At my School
when I told my *future* mother-in-law that she's lucky to have a job right now.
commenting on someone else's post and making myself sad
getting perma banned from ask reddit
reminding my friend of his late mother's opinions on tattoos Removed - Rule 1-C
asking a law enforcement officer if he gets rewarded for shooting people.
allowing my half sister to join us for Thanksgiving.
nearly getting framed for the reason someone's daughter went missing
falling asleep with my laptop on.
giving my teacher the wrong name
accidentally overdosing on migraine medicine
audio book
changing up a recipe and causing my landlady to kick me out of my room
going on a Disney trip
cussing out my vice principal
singing Baby Shark to a guy so he wouldnt come too fast
Why is everything on here about sex?
rewarding myself with the weirdest birthday present
finding some human remains and not being able to do a thing about it
Finding a Horrific Subreddit
giving my boyfriend and I corona while having sex
not muting my mic on zoom
I shouldn’t have trusted a fart...
waking up too late at my gf house and now im stuck in her closet
spitting on someone
using Tea Tree Oil based shower gel on my genitalia and spending the next hour feeling like my balls just got teleported to Antarctica.Don't fall asleep with earphones. Got earbud stuck in my ear.
shitting my brains out and my really new GF finding it
spelling the word "ham"
Not labeling my bad at work
finding my son's account for answers after his took his own life
using Rover to save money and my dog got brutally attacked on Christmas.
wearing Airpods and a baseball cap to a job interview
Taking a shower and forgetting my clothes
ratting out my boss
TDIF: I called my wife a loser.
giving my SSN to a scammer online 2 months ago.
buying an engagement ring
deciding to wear my rollerblades inside my school
leaving the crash site
making a joke attacking my friends.
Bring Old Batteries Back To Life Again
cutting a chunk out of my thumb
Online exam goes wrong
making my startup seem like a Nigerian prince scam
using a "wine glass" at my moms house.
watching pirated movies
starting a new book.
Got an unwanted facial by a vanilla Up n Go
Went to a funeral with dried cum on my arm
slapping the worst wasp in the world.
admitting that I smoked weed with instead of admitting that I don't have covid
taking a shit in a swarm of sandflies.
Loraxing my girlfriends pair tree.
trying to retrieve my unreliable motorbike from the mechanic... on a break between shifts, during a thunderstorm. (An expat tale from Vietnam)
TIFUpdate By having my zipper down during a job interview
changing my name
Brian Griffin’s Dog Nuts
losing my job because I had massive, unexpected diarrhea and shit my pants, and left work without telling anyone in the factory because I was too embarrassed.
clogging my girlfriends toilet
getting too high and friend zoning myself
Got on carnival ride while tripping
consuming butterscotch pudding NSFW
getting kicked out in the middle of quarantine.
Giving the term fire crotch a whole new meaning
leaving out commas
being an insensitive prick.
telling my parents a deep secret
stimulating my anus during a lucid dream
shitting all over my couch. NSFW
turning on my vibrator while my mum was in the room
getting laid and curving my nut juice
sex
subscribing to hot subs on reddit.
trying to comfort a patient and doing the opposite
telling my boyfriend i wish he’d killed himself in middle school (TW)
pushing a new toy too far into my vagina and needing an ER visit to get it out.
Unknowingly Smashing A Girl On Her Period
forgetting a filter in the coffee machine
nearly setting off my dorm's fire alarm because I wanted some warm milk
insulting my friends aunt
trying to go Tokyo drift on the ice with my bike
giving my 1 year old nephew a bloody nose
applying shaving cream on mouth ulcer!
watching the season finale of the wire thinking it was S1 E1.
trusting my dog and leaving my front door open.
swinging on a 24 year-old swing
being careless and contracting Corona leading to my multibillion dollar company being shut down.
laughing at my best friend's pet's death
pirating a movie
TIL that I've been FU for two months and sweet kitties got nuclear revenge
drinking gatorade
putting my age in an advice post, and not being taken seriously (13 M)
not getting my crushes insta
driving past a school bus
using a really inappropriate virtual background in class
practicing my Filthy Frank voice for 5 minutes while unknowns leaving my zoom microphone unmuted during class.
Joining this Subreddit
sharing my Reddit account.
watching my HighSchool multicultural dance
thinking a coworker was into me
when meeting my ex’s dad for the first time
I told my mom what I got her for Christmas
Showing a new co-worker what Reddit is
sleeping with my friends ex
Spent 24$ on absolutely nothing
checking on my dog whilst naked
sending butts to a girl.
By putting orange oil in my bath
talking about gun rights with my American friend
leaving my brothers home
just eating half of a 300mg infused candy edible and then reading about how much is a huge dose.
not asking my Fiancé where my keys are
not knowing basic hygiene my whole life
breaking my key
Well it should really be today I'm the fuck up...
tofu by renting from sketchy ppl
Mishearing Someone, Ruining a Kids Life And Almost Killing Others
burning my boyfriend's dick.
What does "mean?
in Jamaica.
not paying attention to where my ridesharing app was taking me
unintentionally outing our closest friends about sending their kids to school with a known positive Covid-19 diagnosis by the mother..🤦‍♂️🤷‍♂️
giving free coffee to a pedophile
accidentally showing hentai on my laptop at school
getting caught by my sister as I stuck a maraca up my ass
screen mirroring a video of me slamming myself with a dildo on to the 80 inch TV in my dad’s living room .
kicking a ball
repeatedly drunk texting my ex by accident
logging out of reddit
leaving concentrated bleach in the arizona heat
going through a relationship that won’t last but my ex and I kept going back to each other and can’t break it off.
blacking out and making my boyfriend think I was dead.
ripping some tear-resistant paper
Me and my sister Had Sex now i woatch underage insest hentei. . . . In 2018
not realizing my extended family was religious during a family meal
accidentally getting on a retail chain’s most wanted list
because of a fox tail butt plug
eating spicy noodles
making the pharmacist think I’m a crack addict
choosing the name of my dad's childhood best friend who committed suicide as my new name
smoking weed on my bed
having a hairy pussy and a hairy pussy
mistaking super glue for lip balm and ended up supergluing my lips shut.
tidying up my code folders.
getting caught masturbating
posting fictions on discord
telling my potential girlfriend that I have AIDS
Farting whilst cumming
catfishing a local celebrity and it turns out he's pretty awesome
I told my dad something else
making fun of a woman in a wheelchair
going onto a weird ass furry tiffing gif subreddit
leaving my kids AND baby monitor unattended. Uhhh uh uhh uh uhhhhh......
Is White Lives Matter wrong?
drinking too much chocolate milk with food
wearing Captain America boxers under a thin dress
I by not being a morning person
falling asleep under my bed
Sleep walking
setting my Google Voice voicemail message to a "number disconnected" message, which probably cost me a job interview
when voting yesterday
FOLLOWING MEME ACCOUNTS ON INSTAGRAM AND THEN BREAKING MY HAND
having to rifle through a bin in the morning
sharing office gossip on Zoom
peeing on my dog
leaving a painting and a puppy in the same room
sneaking into a 14 year old girls room
having fun on my birthday
yelling at my sister for something she cant control
waking up at 6 am believing it was 6 pm
opening my pressure cooker
while trying to use a Female Urination decide to pee standing upTIU while trying to pee standing up with a female urination device
trying to clear out a spider web in my rabbit’s hutch
taking a dump and hurrying back to work.
not checking my water bottle
dropping my phone in the ocean on holiday
Help Please!!
not realizing the cat was locked up in the wardrobe.
trimming my balls
nearly turning my friend's 9-year-old daughter into a Nazi apologist
defending black people
breaking my toe (I think)
I just fucked up real hard.
getting too close in golf
mixing up the phonetic alphabet
banshee screaming while laughing at a video at 3am
glitter bombing a coworker.
giving my kids a yes day
for showing my face
destroying school property in a brand new classroom
not knowing when to keep quiet
When I ran from a police officer just to see what would happen, young and stupid - TLDR at the bottom
letting my girlfriend’s brother stay with us to get his life on track
checking my reflection in a car window
misinterpreting what my teacher meant to say about the disbehaving new kid
Today I fucked up by giving a cute girl the wrong number.
screwing up on my best man speech
not being able to lie
not wearing a safety harness and ended up almost drowning in a pit filled with 40+-year-old shit.
saying Trump looked younger than he was.
threatening to shit on two people at a campground
inviting a girl I barely knew to a friends uncles wake not making sure my hood was latched
taking BART instead of driving myself to the airport
letting a “dentist” crack a tooth in half and then just sort of say “oops”
I was fired because I’m an impatient idiot
letting the tap run scalding hot while washing my plastic retainer and bend its rim out of shape.
I sent a death threat to everyone in my class( 6th grade)
wearing a Hitler mustache to work...
not wearing a mask and getting caught
hung out with an asian person and asked about kpop...
being a "Prude"
throwing a remote
broadcasting porn in public.
very loudly passing gas in my sleep every day for a month straight in front of my family.
splorking a doodad
GIVING THE RESTAURANT EMPLOYEE THEIR STUFF AND THEY DIDN'T PAY.
Was titty-fucking this girl I really liked and let a huge fart go on her stomach - then laughed too much.
When I accidentally mistaken my TLE Teacher's ballpen as MY ballpen
getting flu strip glue in my hair, also, oil troubles.
breaking window of my car in front of my Ex gf
forgetting to turn my zoom camera off before gold digging.
opening a can
and ruined my friendship with my ex
Listen to your dentist/doctor
making out with a married friend
letting my sister use the Reddit app on my phone and then getting notified that she has a nice vagina.
giving my cat a probiotic
touching hot pepper seeds then touching my genitals
for accidentally apologizing with a potential racist remark
breaking my leg
shallowing sleep medicin, then drinking a beer
Being an Immature Creep
overreacting to a fire alarm
going to this instagram account _aescir he is spamming animal abuse if you have Instagram please report him
accidentally waterproofing my floor and making it frictionless.
getting sleep paralysis
giving a blowjob in the rain.
ruining sexy-time with my date
making a reference to The Office that was mistaken as racism and losing my job
letting my partner have another one of my beers.
not feeding another woman’s baby
not waking up fully before breakfast
By confusing a child’s gender
I woke up Christmas morning with a rare testicular injury and here I am 12 hours later recovering from surgery
AITA for arguing with boyfriend about what I can wear and if thats considered decent?
robbing my friend's mom
accidently getting high and someone died
not checking my butt zits
touching my partners ball 3 times
accidentally scaring my son instead of my husband
saving my silver to give someone.
using a butt plug way to big
getting a wrong beer for my roomie
letting my 10yo brother watch game of thrones with me and my SO
I SHOULDN’T HAVE EVER GONE CAMPING
sending text messages to a big amount of people from other countries
pissing on another man’s shoes.
One night stand gone wrong.
trying to eat healthy
being stupid
possibly dooming a bunch of baby turtles.
my balls!NSFW
Sent and said the wrong things in a server
passing gas in front of my boss
Do you want to get free games and prizes in your free time?
taking the fattest shit in my life in tick infested woods
accidentally ordering Uber Eats with my dad’s credit card
finishing the hardwood in only a sports bra and shorts
forgetting my girlfriend
Late night mix up
working at a call center
Google Skillshop Free Digital Marketing Printable Certification | Learn about Google Ads #freecourse
leaving my molly at home and going to a party NSFW
in trying to remain calm about potentially contracting Covid 19
Stereotyping is stereotyping!!!!
speaking Chinese in public
eating my vegetables.
rubbing salt in my eye.
I pooped on my best friend’s Dad
dropping off my boyfriend’s Christmas gifts
shopping with my nipple out
trying to be a Good Samaritan by following Reddit’s advice about service dogs seeking help
getting a crate for my dog
playing forgetting to pull out
thinking I was muted
raising voice at boss
shaving my private parts
hooking up with my boyfriend at his office
accidentally slicing open my hemorrhoid while shaving my asshole
forgetting to put away my sex toy. NSFW
using my only Butterscotch Pie on Mettaton EX
letting the same girl sleep over three times after she pissed the bed
not believing my cousin when she said my uncle has COVID-19
being dehydrated, having 5 drinks, taking ED pills, having sex and fainting.
investigating my mom’s rekindled romance and finding info that will hurt her
pissing off my lil bro he ran into a wall and cracked his head open
drinking Ghost Creatine
washing a car too slow and causing my parents to maybe get a divorce
having asthma.
answering a FaceTime call.
forgetting about the mashed potatoes
not talking to this girl
trying to find the owner of a sick stray cat that showed up on my porch today.
making my new housemate uncomfortable
forgetting groceries at the store, and upon leaving with them after my second trip, I forgot more.
not washing my hair
trying to make Christmas a curse word.
taking home shells from the beach.
throwing out the trash in the wrong bin
thinking pouring bleach in my eye will make me have cute grey eyes( I was drunk)
for having a mental breakdown at work after being confronted by my boss about my personal social media accounts
waxing my brows
accidentally making my doctor’s office lockdown for a Coronavirus Scare
naming my cat "Cat"
I stepped on a guys new air pod pro
working on my sexual endurance and almost dying (NSFW)
putting the term "meth, only once" to use.
road rage
eating messily in London
flicking an arachnid at a teenage cashier manning a fast food drive thru
forgetting to take out my trash before vacation
hitting my friend with a bottle
almost commiting ferret genocide.
reminiscing about my escapades in India while trying to sleep, and failing, the entire night
cutting my own hair right before my engagement photo session
trying to describe what my (female) colleagues were like in bed
Probably should have checked those when buying the car...
looping in my best friend’s wife into my less than savory activities
cat opposum
breaking my light, in my sleep
shaving a dog
inviting my neighbor in my house
not screwing my Monster Energy hard enough
inadvertently commenting on the wrong post.
doing 100 squats after not exercising for a year.
Procrastinating
admiring a woman's perfect rear end
adjusting my dick during class
breaking my foot with my ass
picking up a coworker's actual douche
telling my father in law Jesus doesn’t want you to hate.
Singing
shaving myself a "Hitler Stache"
forgetting to buy sharpies.
I didn’t knock...
being unaware
possibly ruining a new career opportunity
doing morning business
quasi-sexually propositioning a stranger in the grocery store
I think I got someone killed
making fun of my girlfriends cousin with celeberal palsy...
getting my dick shot off
writing something stupid on a customer’s ticket the first day of management training.
getting too lewd with someone, causing them to block me out of the blue.
using a sock to clean up my cum.
putting a film cannister in my vagina. (NSFW)
wearing an old sweater.
I hate my sleep walking
performing intimate actions (to derive pleasure) on a Spicy Italian sub sandwich from Subway, which has angered my roommates and caused drama in my apartment.
not turning on the light and realizing what my son was holding
talking about Cat Girls in front of my mom
Making a heroin reference while getting blood drawn
Putting your girls handbag on the floor
showing my friend my hentai collection
getting smacked right in the face by a lampshade
dancing to life is a highway
bringing up the idea of marriage
finding my married brother's Tinder
accidentally 'befriending' a classmate
refusing a direct order from boss and now have to find a solutionDolly parton partly funded the Covid19 Vaccine by Moderna that is reportedly to be 94% effective.
trying to be thoughtful. asking my sister for a kiss infront of her boyfriend without clarifying the chocolate
getting stung by a bee
accidentally shit-talking my sister’s boyfriend to my parents
TLDR for talking too much to a stranger
telling a Census worker to take a hike
dropping my vape in front of my school's administration
MSGD a Hott Mess from my Past Life; currently living right trying to get my Act Right
not having seen this PSA
saying “I keep forgetting it’s dead” really loudly in anatomy lab”
eating a “blueberry” I found on the floor
making my mum walk in on my friends sibling doing... it
letting a guy finger bang me on my bestie’s living room and getting caught by her dad
accidentally texting the person I was talking shit about
leaving my cat alone and coming back to the 'swirly'
accidentally accused player of cheating
How do you get an delusional adult to go to therapy?
crashing a funeral accidentally cutting in line at a Subway
telling my class a story of a kid masturbating
falling asleep next to my lunch.
accidentally shouting something strange and out of context right in a strangers face....
letting my razor sharp and very expensive japanese kitchen knife lying around while my little nephew was visiting.
Today I fucked up by buying the wrong motherboard.
getting caught in bed with best friend’s brother
I kinda broke a tooth but it was a little bit worse.
accidentally showing my parents my NSFW conversation.
dumping milk into a sink
can’t tell if my dinner is spicy because of chemotherapy or edibles 🥵🍫🥦🇨🇦😂
and told an offensive adopted joke to an adopted classmate
for eating late at night
trying to swallow Milk Whopper candy whole.
using a loofah in the shower.
Hey I am free now. i wanna enjoy this night with you. Lats have some fun and pass a nice night with full pleasure. Are you free and interested for meet?
thinking lube for anal was a medication for asthma
punching the fuck out of my tv
helping a friend get together with an old friend and ended up in a emotionally abusive relationship
Today I fricked up by almost getting the pizza guy in trouble
I forgot to check my resume thoroughly
getting a blowjob from another man.
ruining a chance of getting my dream job
making a joke about the colored frosting on cookies.
sending my math teacher lesbian porn.
I searched nsfw content on my school account
using the wrong acronym for a job title.
giving my 7 year old an angry orchard hard cider by accident
accidentally showing my sister a a screenshot referencing 101 Dalmatians rape porn
defeating my niece in a tennis match
laughing while giving the best man speech through video call
telling my girlfriend to stfu
giving in to peer pressure
but videoing our new kitten kneading around my belly while I was laying on the couch. She was purring &amp; walking in circles searching for a comfortable place to lay down. It wasn't until the video was posted to Facebook that I noticed something else made the final cut--
asking my server for a blowjob
sending my editor a section of a satirical novel.
How long does it take for a black woman to take a shit? 9 months
being "healthy" as the only girl on a hike
giving my boss a heart attack.
trying to sick my friends dick during threesome
reading this reddit post.
forcing an elderly couple to listen to a sex scene on full volume.
Fuck my life!
not looking under my mouse.
accidently saying mein kampf was my favorite book in history class.
enjoying “working moms” with my wife
accidentally baking a bunch of beer
Sharing My Ex History
falling asleep on my voice recorder on whatsapp for over 25 minutes and sending it to my crush.
asking my (gay) dad who’s wearing the dress at their wedding
calling someone Maam
masturbating in a condom.
showing my brother a graphic video.
accidentally elbowing a woman
not paying a parking ticket
attending my 4 year olds tea party as an honored guest.
sucking in air
showing my grieving mother a movie with the worst possible traumatic scene
going to the wrong class
not being careful around my crush
cutting a chunk out of my thumb believing I was signed up to my summer university courses.
Making a Baker Cry and Threatening Her With Hipster Music Lyrics
misreading a text and no call no showed.
getting POR-15 all over my face and arms which made us look like a bunch of racist assholes in public.
calling someone a Karen in the McDonalds drive through.
There are staples in my dick
posting my school on Craigslist.
being a stupid little shit
I Told the School My Mom Fed Me Cat Food for Dinner
showing my teenager the short film "Red Asphalt III" by the California Highway Patrol.
giving my ice cream cone a blowjob in the car...
realizing I'm left-handed, and not right-handed. I'm 27.
eating chocolates from last Christmas
losing my cat
getting caught jerking off to my crush in a zoom class
doing something wrong during sex getting taki head
trusting a fart and a German.
Thaught I was private on LinkedIn and Viwed so many profiles *sob* *sob*
having sex with a wax pen
forgetting how a siphon works
Today I fucked up by eating and taking a shit
opening the back door
losing 2 million dollars profit
doing the most disgusting thing i ever had to do.
drunk flashing my tits at a party (17f)
being way too horny.
doing an ahego with some friends
having misheard the lyrics
TIFY by spending one hour to troubleshoot a problem that doesn't exist on my laptop
being drunk next to active railroad tracks and getting hit by a freight train.
telling the Dean's assistant to fuck off.
Creating a saw game in my car
forgetting my PSVR sensor has a built in mic
scrolling my facebook feed too fast and accidentally sharing an incel meme
I confessed my secret to someone I shouldn’t have
taking Ambien
not being careful while moving a dying dog.
smoking weed, plz send help
masturbating while my cat was in the room.
my vacation by going on a run on the beach wearing swim trunks with netting. NSFW
almost destroying my eyeball
missing out on a chance with a cute dating match
botching a job interview
I’ve been trying to a shake a handless mans hand for months not realizing he didn’t have a hand
telling my friend I shower in the dorms at 8pm
giving away my facebook password when I was a kid
By selling pictures of myself (NSFW).
writing a gay erotica story about my friends
smashig a hole in the malls floor.
I thought this belonged here for humour!
meeting a really cool girl while drinking, and mistyping my number in her phone
Dick worm
Gonna post this here too, so if bot sees its a crosspost from FML im sorry
confessing my feelings to a friend.
trying to exfoliate my face and temporarily blinding myself
DELETING MY ROBINHOOD ACCOUT JUST FIND OUT IT WAS MY ONLY CHANCE AT BUYING MORE DOGECOIN
forgetting female anatomy
calling the police because a raccoon ate my shortbread
trying to transfer everything from my old PC to a new one without knowing anything about the process.
showing my now best friend (former FWB/bf) a nude.
not trimming my toes correctly (Short)
blacking out and DUI
threatening to shit on two people at a campsite
telling my friend I thought he was annoying when we first met, now he left me on read and won't confirm if he sent me my Christmas gift.
attempting to wax my head at home.
in trying to go to bed at a decent time and trying to be punctual for an appointment
being caught masturbating (twice, in the same day)
telling my folks I got Corona
giving customer a glass without water
avalanche
mistaking chocolate for cancer
knocking over my teacher.
sharing a nsfw video on my personal Facebook profile.
almost not passing to the exam
trying to get alone time
I pooed on my boyfriends expensive couch (literally 20 minutes ago)
yelling at my neighbour and his kids (clickbait)
eating raw chicken
getting an awkward massage
streaming porn to the TV
biking straight into a flash flood
arriving at the airport 12 hours before my flight
leaving my lube in my living room
saying I'll be there in an hour while I was in a different state
not believing my son heard bees
forgetting to wash my travel mug for two days and setting off a rancid explosion in my bed
overreacting when the police left me a card
THINKING THAT foursome is easier than a threesome.
Used condom at airport security
Today I fucked up by spraying air refreshener in the toilet bowl
Tify by wishing death to my grandpa
deleting my Adobe account
being too exited over the arrival of my TeddyFresh hoodie
having a good time
smoking weed before an operation
Thought I was alone and scared a poor girl I didn't see
playing along with the Devil's tune, or psychosis... Same thing.
saying ZOINKS at a very inappropriate moment
staying up all night as usually
making my brother get $200+ stuck in a wall.
telling my client I don’t want to rub any toes
making a parody Twitter account.
my wedding anniversary
telling a teacher their lesson was stupid
English oral exam
making my aunt think her bathroom is haunted.
opening NSFW commissions
accidentally almost selling my parents house
thinking I was a comedian
driving with the window down
accidentally swallowing washing up liquid... advice welcome
not putting my dirty towel in the hamper
never brushing my teeth and being resistant to local anesthetic
Not me, but my parents
impaling my wife with a propane torch.
getting drunk for the first time in my parents house while they slept, and drinking more than I should have
throwing a big rock (16 pounds) in the air and it landed on my friend's head
crashing my entire school's server system, nearly getting the IT people fired
asking my paramedic grandmother what happens after death.
playing triva crack
possibly failing a whole section of my course with 1 piece of work
laughing at a client
not paying attention in class and making everyone think I'm antivax.
microwaving a mouse
not locking by bedroom door
polishing my shoes
I accidentally sent NSFW images to a friend at the worst possible time
ramming down a street sign
I accidently deleted my whole test with a few minutes left
Trying To Spice Up My Marriage (NSFW)
feeding my friend KBBQ chicken that was too salty, and the veggies were too overcooked &gt;:0
turning off a light switch
forgetting to wear a second oven glove
being too honest - atleast I think i did..
not closing the window
growing weed in my closet.
smoking weed for the first time in a year and a half.
buying myself a birthday present
ruining every attempt at baking I've ever done by confusing tablespoon and teaspoon
teaching my subconscious a new devious way to scare the ever living shit out of me because I've been browsing too much reddit
Going To Strip Club
cooking eggs in the microwave.
pissing myself during sleep paralysis episode (I live with very understanding grandparents)
doing technical challenges in Github
spraying nasal spray in my ear
messing up a relationship I have with a girl
forgetting that I left my personal toy out
taking a bath...
AITA for getting mad at my wife?
denting my parents car
“slapping a kid in the face with bologna”.
I covered my entire body in fiberglass
trying to make an Oreo brownie cake but it turned to ash
deleting my Instagram posts because I was stupidly in love with someone for the first time.
not bringing a gift to my gf’s birthday party &amp; by incurring a huge late fee on a textbook
getting drunk and making my pregnant wife drive to the hospital to give birth
getting fired for talking negatively about pedophiles.
A random girl added me on Facebook and we then mutually masturbated over video call
giving my employer an excuse to fire me after I reported them to the health dept, then fucking up my unemployment hearing
making a fake profile on an app for making friends
turning myself into a volcano.
listening to directions and accidentally riding the wrong bus.
projectile yarfing in my airbnb
confusing showering with douching
causing MASSIVE misunderstanding at school.
refusing life changing job offer just because of a girl that is ghosting me now.
24F) by wanting to have sex with my BF(28M)
By editing and tagging the White House in images. Fuck racism.
confessions of a real dude
TIFUpdate (THE BOYS KNOW WHAT THIS POST IS) yesterday I fucked up by asking my ex if she would ever take more than one guy at a time
wishing death upon someone
getting a female hamster to mate with my male hamster
telling her to was a virgin, ended up being a win for me
confusing a song with a German Leader
forgetting homonyms exist
thinking r/was not just for stories of how you shat/wanked/*ucked
using IcyHot for the first time ever
deciding to take 2 magnesium tablets and guzzling water before taking an epic mountain walk and wanting to shit myself the entire time.
today I f*************** up by stoling mom debitte card to buy vbuck
M(19)  choking my dad, getting my mom bitten by a pitbull and nearly putting my sister into premature labor.
trying to be active and healthy
trying to erase a microSD card
wanting to show my parents the pronounciation differences of english Youtubers
I fell for someone that's on the other side of the country
wearing two contacts in one eye causing severe irritation.
speeding without my vehicle documents
screwing up a big job interview
telling a friend that he looked like Barf
Cleaning My Room .
not saying 'Yes' to my wife.
using my tooth to rip open a wrapper and cracked my tooth
for calling my co-worker a hippo
finding out I may have a fatal illness
getting rid of all family ties for work and a date
having an online profile while in a relationship.
using the middle school bathroom
getting drunk and kissing my boss who’s in a relationship
punching my Daughter
kinda)sigh😔
trying to clean my laptop
giggling in class
thinking it was April 31st yesterday and not graduating from college
giving my husband a haircut.
friend’s GF walked in on me jerking off...
Today I fucked up by asking my mom where she had been
Got Catfished
laughing at the death of a friend's brother
gluing my brothers work to wall and getting him scolded.
reading this sub today
ordering both Krystal’a and Domino’s.
taking an ambien on a red-eye flight
not turning off bluetooth while jacking off
drinking coffee before a final
Wet Dream @ Work
ripping multiple toenails off and feeling the pain for it only after.
taking spaghetti out wrong
trying to make myself small.
trying to attempt my own finger surgery.
Barfing
turning my water heater temp up then taking a shower.
spraying 100% pure peppermint oil all over my small apartment
not putting my colored contacts in
By sending porn to my mother
telling my gf I would like to be able to communicate with female coworkers and now I’m on Day 5 of the mad/silent treatment
drinking coffee before Mormon church and not knowing about coffee breath
taking a homemade edible after giving blood
One of the most cringe moments of my life
getting scammed $600 trying to get my account back
applying to the wrong college
finding my stolen truck and losing it again
telling my (most likely ex) gf (1 year) when asked about my other ex, that I love each of them more than the other.
saying what my favorite candy is
seeing my friend’s ass
not letting someone use the phone
polluting a public restroom so bad people were verbally disgusted
I accidentally threatened my landlord with a katana
telling my dad he killed his dog
telling my manager to stop crying
forgetting I ordered a birthday present for my wife online.
outing a client for sharing false news and nearly lost my job for it
letting my little brother see my girlfriend's nudes
buying a new brand of cat food before we went on a week long vacation.
telling my parents that I was watching porn.
masturbating next to a baby monitor.
saying I had a "blast" listening to a Holocaust survivor.
accidentally helping out my best friend discover that her brother is gay
going down the Reddit NSFW rabbit hole at work
pissing my pants while playing the trombone
sending some near Hentai pics to the girl I like
asking for an Xbox and losing my innocence
not looking where I stepped
forgetting to remove my new cock ring.
eating cantelope on my wedding day
I didn't submit my late assignments twice
leaving the door open for which resulted in my husband getting attacked
masterbuating in the living room
accidentally speaking in the fake Mid-Atlantic accent for all of my life
My friends keep forgetting I'm a year older and I feel weird each time. Idk how to bring up my age again
picking up the phone and screaming
not knowing what "pelvic rest" meant
checking on my brother
thinking my ex coworker/friend was trying to figure out what to get me for christmas.
making a joke at the wrong moment. My friend is now crying in her room.
going into a McDonalds™
flipping off my whole online class
Wheelchair patient(pt) needs to put their feet up, but refuses.
cheating on a online exam
making toast for breakfast.
being a medical marijuana patient at a university
having a "romantic bath"
thinking it was a good idea to make my own edibles.
dialing my ex at 5am while half asleep.
MY GRANDMA CAUGHT ME ON THE HENTAI
reading a
flashing in the photobooth (17f)
accidentally paying the full mean
sending my in-laws a sexual selfie.
Vanguard Full Movie Download Free 2020
accidentally making a racist joke in public.
accidentally watching lesbian porn with my dad
telling my parents about my sex life
By bringing condoms to work..
Buying yellow flowers
following a Reddit "tip"
"Working" on my girlfriends graduation day.
walking in on my mum masturbating
Today I fucked up by playing the original Tetris music to my mom.
tasting my co-workers Wee.
ruining a father/daughter reunion
I almost fucked up very badly
working out a lot on an empty stomach. (warning: gross)
traumatizing people at random
burning my breast and finding a lump
doing a cartwheel
My teacher thought I was laughing at here dead grandma
updating my digitial sign
puking all over a cute girls car
being my usual clumsy self
using a loofah
slipping down a snowy hill
Fixing my ps4 controllers
leading my boss to think I'm racist
having an embarassing phone call with my future employer.
complaining to a coworker
flashing the goods to a pub full of Sunday drinkers
not knowing what the term "Jackhammer" means while introducing my uncle to my boyfriend for the first time
calling my best friend's mom "mum"
trying to be the hero
Letting My OCD and Anxiety Get The Best of Me
telling my jewish gf a holocaust joke
Kippered farts are a dangerous thing.
I'm buttoning my pants, not doing THAT!
I fucked up one day
reading dirty fanfiction on my mom's phone
By Trusting Google Maps
becoming the life of the party
dating a guy 11 years ago.
watching Penguins of Madagascar
playing games with a girl streamer
forgetting to disconnect my Bluetooth from my mom’s car.
rubbing anal lube into my hands in front of a customer
impersonating a video game character and accidentally hurting another child
stepping on bubble wrap next to rescue cat
eating raw chicken and getting the worst diarrhea of my life
not knowing what mace is
Í fucked upp by getting stuck on a mountain
"watching" my neighbour undress (not my intention I swear, before you judge me)
sharting, my boyfriend complemented me
not reading a computer command before pressing enter
when my dad caught me with weed(almost)
messing around with my bf's jizz.
if you need a logo or a minimalist menu, flyer, busines card
asking my friend if she had a father
Learnt about how important it is to take care of your self the hard way today
Put test content on an active website.
saying tentacles as testicles to customers.
handling hot peppers without gloves.
not realizing my friend was sick
letting my soon to be ex-wife take my dog
being an egghead who didn't understand hints a cute girl showed in a night club
choosing "Springtime for Hitler" as my ringtone - and not silencing my phone in court
23yr gap smoking pot....
spraying my plant with fungicide
up by doing sexy act with friend/boss/teacher/babysitter/boyfriend/girlfriend.
eating a whole bag of edible gummy bears
telling my mom I saw my dad’s porn as a kid
assuming my mom already knew about a secret
singing to an unsuspecting audience
leaving my puppy in the car
365 days ago
having a funny name as my dad's contact
Losing my dorm keys and being horribly unlucky
sending a private message that was seen in a group video conference
Learning That My Username is an Incorrectly Spelled French Word
saying I watch porn in front of my neighbor (accidentally)
telling an inside joke to two random strangers
sending nudes to my step mom.
mistaking a toothbrush for a burglar
not understanding what a queef is (is that how you spell it? Idk)
trying to get a girls number
quitting smoking and ending up in the ER
thinking that Caillou was a show about a boy (Caillou) with cancer and his experiences dealing with it for literally my entire life.
I bought a $600 Apple Iphone from a Scammer on EBAY
by ruining my brother's birthday song
Getting Head From My Girlfriend After Putting Cortisone Cream On My Scrotum
having sex with my bf
eating jalapeño poppers yesterday.
Stepping On My Cousin's Now Ex-Wife's Wedding Dress On Purpose While She Was Walking Down The Aisle
doing something which made me lose two of my closest friends.
drooling into the touchpad of my laptop while sucking a dildo while making a porn video. And now it's broken :(
spraining my foot while crossing the street during a green light, after already spraining my other foot a few weeks before.
telling my parents I was highly unhappy
peeing on my face
showing porn to a room full of women and my own teacher.
getting my belly button pierced
impregnating my sister and making her think shes pregnant with baby jesus
going with the flow, only to experience heart break.
making a horrible typo on a Facebook post while at work and now I'm getting roasted. telling my son to let the dog have a taste of his popsicle.
making my international TV Debut
using the "Ash Pot"
and called my girlfriend a cum-laxative
shipping an Xbox with no packaging
forgetting to save after catching eight shiny pokemon in a row
breaking my phone and putting myself in danger
showing my crazy to a potential romantic interest
picking up a hobby with minimal research and turning my hands into molten lava,
while Jackin Off in San Diego
using a fake ID
bricking my switch Joy-Con
letting my phone post what it wants to
pushing to deep while passionately hugging
giving a married man my number and making him think that his wife had given him a hall-pass
at the busiest airport on the West Coast (LAX)
guessing a codeword to my girlfriend that her and my friends were using.
laughing at a suicide prevention talk at work
trying to flirt with my new housemate
spilling a soda on the order machine at work. accidentally mailing by friend edibles
I Guess the Canadian Is Really Showing
I accidentally showed my mom my boyfriend’s di**
computer capitalizing i
swishing the water, and drinking the Hydrogen Peroxide.
getting addicted to reddit
making my fiance feel taken for granted
‘pranking’ my boyfriend
BAD
trying to go NC with my ex &amp; making a Reddit account using his email.
eating a stick of pocky.
telling a Holocaust survivor to present his papers to me.
pulling my dick out at a public park.
making a dead dad joke to someone who’s dad is dead
What should’ve I done?
taking my wife to a Simon and Garfunkel concert that Simon and Garfunkel didn't perform at.
my boyfriend dropped the soap and I thought it would be a good idea to play prison
swearing out loud casually while my Mom was working in the kitchen.
rubbing the ever loving snot out of my arm with a raw pumice stone
believing it was September
rushing to have a smoke at 4:20
acting like a toddler
doing school on Google Chrome for the past 2 months
finding out I have an allergy to oat milk
telling my friend's wife I was mid orgasm
getting half my dick caught in my zipper on a double-date with her parents and meeting my mom's friend at the doctor's office.
throwing a snowball in the face of a foreign legion soldier.
at my dentist, by putting on somebody's disposed shoe covers, thinking they were new.
sending a nude to my mother-in-law (it wasn't mine)
getting stranded, risking frostbite and trying to "borrow" a bulldozer
The Fish Story a.k.a. that time I really fucked on the border of Southwest China and Vietnam
When you bring up the holocaust during a Christmas dinner with your German inlaws.
dropping frozen chicken on my toe
not deleting hand drawn magikarp porn off my desktop
"hiding" my glasses
I tried to play an old 8 MM Film in a Projector Before I inspected it for splices
thinking a Freshman Girl was a Sophomore.
breaking my new bed, twice.
losing my undies 🥵
trying to dry my feet
walking in on my sister and her bf
and got the library in trouble
going for a run
giving sexy thongs to my teachers for woman's day.
Cocked an airsoft gun during a google meet, police showed up at my door.
scrolling through the front page
mixing up my lube collection picking up what my dog was eating...
scaring myself sh*tless (literally)
accidentally making my girlfriend watch footage of mutilated children when she explicitly said she didn't want to see footage of mutilated children
quitting smoking backfired (boring)
telling the people at the fabric store that I was making Furry clothing
trying to be smooth
eating a delicious clementine while thinking about Austin Powers
letting my boyfriend finger and eat me
with my team
(unintentionally) insulting my new manager's sister
reading the about a person who read their grandpa a that was based on another
Well my kids clean but
accidentally being sarcastic with my gf
google searching “penis”
calling my Teacher a "Stupid Fellow".
wasting an Apple Gift Card
taking an edible while on my ADHD meds, and trapping myself outside in the cold
My family brother' suspicion
searching cigarettes in my moms drawer
not letting my cat bully his brother
taking making coffee while shitting and almost killing my cat
dropping my 200$ Headset on the ground.
i secretly have a cleaning problem, and at 1:00 am, my mom caught me cleaning,
wearing the mask inside out.
for wiping my asshole with bleach
talking openly about wet dreams with my grandma!!
asking my son what the middle finger meant.
sharing a personal story at work
accidentally deleting all my photos
opening up reddit in public
introducing Eminem’s music to my 8 year old cousin
getting caught with 1000$ worth of weed by my grandparents
I shouldn't have remembered that...
customizing a menu on my wife's iPad
nzn
sneaking an underage girl out of her house in my piece of shit car.
paying almost $5000 for pine cones and grass
offloading everything bad about a teacher who was right behind me
incorrectly guessing my girlfriend’s eye color
blowing out a candle too hard,
I Wonder What Other Cool Things My Dad Did?
when I revealed myself as a stoner to my manager over Zoom
PMing the forbidden link on r/antifastonetoss
accidentally teaching my niece to shout "We're coming for you Donald Trump!"
By leaving an oily outline of my naked body on our hallway wall....and it won’t come off...
staying on a Webex call while rushing to make a bus
disappointing a Prostitue and also myself
forgetting to press pause on PornHub when my mum was calling me
asking about a new co-workers interests
underestimating my period and nearly going blind.
almost dying in the shower
having sex with both of my girlfriends
not telling my roomies i was quarantined.
cleaning my bong in the dishwashing
giving myself a black eye
thinking I couldn't get TV reception at my apartment.
vanishing my 20-year old email account
Package insurance scam http://Fedexpressolutions.com
dropping my phone in the school urinal.
pooping in my car while driving
leaving porn open on my other monitor and my mom walking into the room and seeing it.
not insisting on opening up a box of 500 crickets, now my house is infested.
leaving a small bag of reese's pieces out on the night stand, and having a handful in the dark
actually my bf) by spilling alcohol directly on his penis....
showing the entire audience (including my high school principal) my bra
putting blue tax in my ear
not checking the coffee maker
using a fake charger
choosing not to be a dad.
realizing I sexually assaulted hundreds of boys ages 12-14
slipping in the shower and dislocating my shoulder.
trying to fap one last time before NNN
giving my mum mild food poisoning
being constipated molesting to a bunch if wildlife on TV
burning my chest
I’m now known as GUZ
breaking another girls heart
locking my keys inside my work.
posting my car blog in here?
accidentally telling my boss I would let him cum on my feet for $500.
tearing my Penis’ hymen
for telling a guy I'm bi
cooking w bay leaves
thinking Etsy was a safe place to look up dildos bringing my shitty laptop to school.
Failed instagram reaction
Please don't put your computer in the freezer.
opening my Fetlife profile at work and getting suspended indefinitely
talking to my son about Reddit
Buy TrustPilot Reviews - Buy 5 star TrustPilot Reviews
Suicidio
I accidentally jacked off to Danny Devito.
Bloody creamy locked in my parents closet
Dragon ball Legends fail.
with the Euthanasia of my beloved cat.
letting my girlfriend by a CAR BOMB odour eliminator
exposing my hickeys to my mom
Hitting My Friend With A Fleshlight
leaving my (17f) vibrator in the family shower
flashing for the old lady nextdoor
not fapping for 127 days and therefore cumming into my pants during a movie at the cinema
Putting myself in More Pain
Oh no
nsfw, second degree burns) by waking up late for work
Responded on what do you want to eat with good morning
smoking weed in a car at the end of a dark alley.
going off the road and almost killing, myself included, 4 people.
going to Wendy's with my friend Evan and getting banned from the restaurant for life over a Dr Pepper
agreeing to watch "In Fabric" for our long awaited Netflix and Chill night.
going to my class on the wrong day
hating the handicapped
I'm 16 and smoked weed for the first time...had a seizure, panic attack, and almost died.
Complimenting my manager on his weightloss
somehow landing in an illegal weed hotbox car and almost getting arrested.
masturbating with Icy Hot
when I brushed my teeth before taking my medication
and cut my work mates hand open
making a stupid joke...in all my classes.
wearing a cheap plastic female skin suit.
saying choice words to choice people
backing out of my driveway
applying to collage
and both the CEO and the cops were called
trying to change my background in class
missing a meeting with my boss because I was singing karaoke
spilling cremains.
opening a porn site instead of Facebook in Incognito window for my Mom
using a vegetable peeler and going out side barefoot
blaming sideffects from a fake THC catridge on depression
Arguing with the girl I like after she admits that she hates me
sending my vice principal a message saying "penis"
cooking myself dinner in a community kitchen
thinking most of these post were real
calling out of work to take nude pictures. NSFW
sending pics to an old family friend on Snapchat instead of who they were intended for. Found out the family friend is a perv.
letting my girlfriend drive and wreck my car
letting a patron request a song and ended up looking like a racist.
giving a diver a location.
not clearing up the kitchen properly before having work done.
being stupid and not planning ahead
buying Budlight Clamato
asking my friends for advice and not knowing when to keep my mouth shut
Paying Penn Jillette to Call Me a Woman
I ate the tangy toast
reaching out to an old friend
taking a nap too early when I wasnt feeling well.
accidentally ripping out my front tooth during trigonometry class.
making my brother call for an ambulance while I was masturbating
then my wedding ring
hitting on a literal gd child
Weed
accidentally calling a cashier fat
losing my car key when shoveling snow
cleaning my TV with Windex
Today I lost my friend maté
arguing against my mother oh boy
By going out to the bar right after it reopened.
using my girlfriend's lotion
insulting a famous rapper who was paying me a compliment
ROCK | Dwayne Johnson Teremana sing-along | Q &amp; A's While we #stay home#coronavirus.https://youtu.be/otu7TyAbOVI
losing my best friend
hooking up with a previous hookup’s mom
waving to my friends
I watched porn while on vacation overs
name dropping Johnny Sins by accident to my sister
peeing my pants on a date
looking suspicious at Madrid's Atocha train station
for touching a Bluebottle Jelly, and then my eyes!
almost putting a kid in the hospital
accidentally flashing my mum and sister
a Christmas email campaign!
waking up at 2am and thinking it was time for school
mixing my dream with reality.
I broke my $1000 LEGO collection peeing on my pants.
Just A Dream, Right?
moaning in a toilet cubical with a friend. being drunk with my crush
almost entering someone else's apartment.
being an insensitive asshole at a funeral by accident
taking a dick so big that it put me in the hospital
opening my fat ass mouth
“Supporting” Hitler
subjecting my mother to audio and photos of me and my partner bumping uglies
not using my inner voice
lending my mother my old Ipad.
going on a drive in my truck while work was being done inside of my apartment.
combining Adderall and RedBull
turning the lights off on hundreds of pool players during a national tournament.
asking a friend to stay the night.
masturbating while keeping the door unlocked at 2:30 in the night
making my mom think I was committing suicide
spoiling my wife's pregnancy announcement by telling my Aunt we were eating basil tonight
cutting an onion.
NSFW PICTURES
calling the cops on myself
not closing my hand sanitiser bottle before before putting it into my bag
sending a video of me playing with myself to my crush
not realizing tik tok shows recent profile visitors and basically cyber-stalking my ex for the past MONTH
asking my stuttering work partner if stuttering only effects his speech .
telling my extremely religious aunt that I don’t believe in hell
for a while now I thought the game Among Us was club penguin
putting milk in the bowl before the cereal.
stepping between domestic abuse
I may have destroyed my career, by sending employers my erotic fanfiction instead of my resume.
not going to a rock concert
not answering to the optometrist honestly
drinking too much during game night
having 0 situational awareness and by allegedly contributing to the now defunct Nazi Regime.
sending a sexy meme via text to a coworker.
blackmailing two families worth of siblings
Peepin on me peein
handing over liquor without ID
buying my son Tenacious D’s Post-Apocalypto book. NSFW
letting my brothers bike he lent me get stolen
asking for anal
kissing my banker
when I forgot to switch my Bluetooth speaker off while watching porn
Had sexual relations with my sisters bestfriends mom
spilling mouthwash on my laptop
By being desperate for a Nintendo Switch
accidentally slapping my teachers bum
trying a tanning bed
accidentally writing “shit flips” on the Blackboard shared PowerPoint
laughing at a classical word
trying to brew apple juice
paying extra emi on my loan
giving my sister pneumonia
making an Onlyfans
attempting to bake a cake
I gave into peer pressure at the red light district (legal) and found out I wasn’t ready for this.
having my boyfriend buy me a pregnancy test
getting the runs while getting a massage.
not checking who I was texting
Making Sure My Daughter Didn't Drown
One sting more then I bargained for.
letting my 2 y/o daughter get raped
showing my mom a beautiful sunset photo. Turns out there was a lewd photo when she swiped right on my phone.
learning I’ve been wearing my underwear backwards for MONTHS
b/c I simply took a screenshot for a planned Reddit story, and it ended up ruining a year old friendship...
accidentally using a breast pump, on the highest setting, for over an hour.
sounding disrespectful after my friend’s cat died
having mouldy milk without noticing it
crapping myself even while stuck at home
breaking my toe.
taking half a pill of xanax and now i’m just very turned on and can’t concentrate on anything else
cussing out a former manager.
and probably everyone think I am stalker
*NSFW*  trying to be clever when naming a file
propositioning my sister-in-law
yelling in a video lesson that the teacher spoke terrible English
sleeping in my car at work.
sneaking over to visit my girlfriend
Blew my chance
for trying to catch the bus before it took off
defecting myself numerous times in front of witnesses...
calling the cops on dog bones
asking my boyfriend to tell me a sExY sEcReT
mishearing my teacher
going to watch the rain.
teaching my boyfriend how to yawn stretch
watching a fucked up movie before an exam
ruining the friendships with my best friends
cleaning the camping kettle
Got in a fight over Reddit
trying to go out and get some errands done while I am stuck home from work sick with the flu.
eating food from the garbage
telling my prospective girlfriend I hate poor people
eating peppers and mintsfor fooling around and acting like Mr. Beast
asking my gf to fall asleep with my cock I'm her mouth
accidentally flashing my daughter's friends and becoming known as the "Italian Stallion" in her friend group
being an insensitive prick
accidentally calling a girl ugly
sexting a girl I've known since elementary.
getting stuck in the bathroom at work
walking in a desacralized church
recommend supervision of avain displays of affection
sleeping with a pulled muscle
Turning on My GirlfriendI accidently flashed my hotel employee due to my adhd
mocking Karens and getting my Snapchat leaked to a porn site
trying to run with a mouthful of water with a mask on.
อรอนงค์ ย้อนวันวาน 28 ปี สมัยประกวดนางงามจักรวาลในเมืองไทย
not labelling my sugar jar.
letting myself kind of fall for a girl about 4000 miles away
using an emogi to express "I'm sorry".
having my first awkward sexperience as a parent
not using the restroom before a visit to the urologist
texting something dirty to the wrong girl
having some anal acoustics near my crush
Poor little shit.
choosing a crappy console over a Game Boy
BLEACH in hand soap
being h*rny
trying to buy a dog
torching a spider in my room while working from home.
not realizing my resume had the wrong employment start date then submitting it to employers.
punching a hole in the wall in my new apartment the same day I moved in
moaning too loudly while masturbating and getting caught by my brother
I accidentally ripped dry cum on my underwear off of my dick head.
telling a guy at a bar that I didn't care about him talking to a female coworker of mine.
asking an ex coworker out and argued with him
sending an audio message while I was peeing to all my new coworkers
swimming deaf with a drunk
ACCIDENTLY played porn through the kitchen Alexa while my mom and sister were there
having sex too hard
sending my crush screenshot of our conversation and in hurry to delete it. I clicked on delete for me.
wearing headphones every day hours at a time for months
Fucked up at my english class today
Today I realized that my backpack isn’t waterproof while walking home in the pouring rain. With out a jacket or umbrella.
accidentally cutting everyone in line at Wendy's
not using my No Break correctly for 5 years
M20) by letting my gf(F22) put a butplug in me
telling a 14 girl's mom she was secretly dating an 18 year old
getting drunk and giving myself a Covid-Cut
Masturbated too soon after period
mistaking a regular Zoom video call for a Zoom Webinar and performing a rendition of the Cell Block Tango in only a bra
By trying meth for the 1st time while drunk.
The audacity
clipping my fingernails in front of my laptop computer
forgetting about the broiler and going full muppet
putting nail polish on my pocket rocket's head.
sending a female friend a picture of my ass
possibly ruining my fiance's family's upcoming Christmas party
selling a guitar amp to a nazi.
getting scammed out of $1,700 during a pandemic, while unemployed, because I thought I was helping an “elderly man”
telling a lady have a nice flight
Sexualizing Food...
asking if my crush has seen Shrek Forever After while we were having a nice moment
Breaking the Flatus Barrier
eating grapes
touched my ass after handling the worlds hottest corn chips
forgetting I'd locked the front door.
I went off on my teacher and wrote her hate mail, and nearly got suspended.
The psychic encouraged me to do it..
taking viagra at the wrong time!
https://www.twitch.tv/greg_the_gammer
standing on a kiddie pool
confessing to my crush using a Knock-Knock joke
not asking my fiancé for my keys
mistaking my cat's hair for a spider
cum
NSFW) by filming a porno in an Airbnb and ruining a $400 table with my jizz.
I scooped my poop into a trash can
telling my future teacher that I love her
saying "balls" in the middle of biology class
shooting cum at my sister
(almost) dropping money in a stranger's coffee.
forgetting about my toys
on a night out, next to my gf
sleeping with my roommate.
having LOUD and WILD sex with my super hot gf then her mom saw my penis which is not small by anyone's standards
powering through my "post-covid symptoms" for the last four months without telling my husband about them.
not missing my daily run.
giving a whole set of soccer cards to the national Red Cross
having light bondage sexy time with my wife
my wife dying, she came back though...
Going to a Yard Sale and Book Diving with my Grandpa
swearing in my exam
spilling maple syrup on my phone: a continuation.
realizing the reason that my iPhone charging ports stop working is because of pocket lint
trying to double-dip on credit card rewards
my son Christmas shopping.
not voting early
finding out that people have been worrying about 5g masts not masks
accidentally asking if I can watch the owner's cat get euthanized
buying accidentally sending crazy hot ramen to my daughter’s friend.
approaching a seemingly interested alone woman at the beach.
putting toothpaste on my asshole and getting jump scared
letting my boyfriend change my car battery which ended up burning my car down a few hours later
sleeping a full night
forgetting my watch and hiding in a bathroom to avoid taking part in a charity concert
fartshiting in my pants.
pebble stuck in my ear
upvoting and ending up in hospital
putting Pyrex on a hot burner
The CUP
thinking I was putting a hard boiled egg into my salad dinner.
talking about potentially being fired and actually being fired
getting myself piss drunk for the first time
stepping into 2021 with $5000 gone from by bank account
Leaving My Window Open At Night
trying to be nice to an employee
texting a group chat instead of one person
helping a foreign exchange student move without explaining the dangers of a garbage disposal
finally learning how to buy Minecraft from the Playstore.
getting on a plane with a popular internet personality.
crashing my future FIL’s website
farting in my driveway.
going on dates
becoming a herpetologist
calling this subreddit r/tfue
learning about foreplay, 15 years too late
lying semi-intentionally and getting caught
burning down my house to watch a movie
eating two small bowls of jalapeños
getting arrested for auditing and losing my conceal carry license
taking a brief swim in toilet water and high-fived a rat with my ass
having the best sex of my life
joking with my voicemail
nervously confusing genders while introducing myself then proceeding to make a horrible joke in front of the mother who lost her son
getting into a fight with my gf so bad it woke up all of my roommates and got us kicked off of our lease
not chewing properly &amp; ruining New Year's dinner
not closing the bathroom door on a moving bus
outing my Bestfriend to her parents
referring to sex as a caterpillar's metamorphosis
forgetting about hotel maids
making my teacher think I was an alcoholic and shouting at her over a zoom call
wearing a tank top whilst video calling my grandparents.
unwillingly ghosting my friend's wedding
being honest on a workplace survey
GETTING MARRIED IN VEGAS DRUNK
putting a rat in a plastic container
making a friend off bumble
having slow reactions
I (a male) fucked up by asking my crush (a female) whether she thought i was gay
implying I had incest
punching my Girlfriend
:  accidentally naming my nephew after a pokemon getting banned at the mall.
India's second coronavirus vaccine set to go into human trial on 1,000 people.
saying "Dafuq" to my dad
sending a disturbing video in a group chat and not putting a trigger warning
the end of a business dinner by paying the bill
laughing my ass off during a modern art project
saying something too innocent
putting cumin in my son's oatmeal
telling my best friend I had feelings for her
asking my little brother if he jerks off
farting outside the elevator
I thought you couldn’t see who follows you?
remembering my flatmate eating apples
purposely driving into my friends BMW.
calling a friend fat by mistake
leaving school early
headbanging while trying to dry long hair
conditioning my beard
eating pizza.
trying something I saw on pornhub and thinking I was going to die
Streaming a Steamy Hot Scene in My Friend's TV
An anime girl in a bikini came up on my screen when my dad was helping me with work.
drifting my boss’s truck
potentially scaring off a new xbox friend.
falling asleep on a strangers couch.
making an ill timed joke
I broke an old ladies toilet
almost eating food I thought was for everyone
forgetting to put a first aid kit into my car
watching John Mulaney’s newNetflix special with my mother-in-law
not realizing all my life that I have hooded eyes
going to the barber shop across my street
showing my girlfriend the opening of The Legend of Korra AFTER finishing The Last Airbender.
Wrong pants
My mother saw my good stuff..
peeing on my grandma
leaving my lube at my friends house.
cause I accidentally hit my cate with my door
being lazy and not using my forklift in the correct way.
literally throwing away $10,000
picking up an angry cat in my apartment, and then had emergency surgery + 4 hospital stay
falling headfirst on a glass table
I made my assistant general manager uncomfortable and had a panic attack
helping my grandpa to copy data and info from old phone to new
being a dumbass to my best friend
not peeing before I masturbated
giving myself lactose intolerance
cumming on my face in front of my mom
accidentally posting a picture in an online class chat.
injuring myself at work and not telling anyone
Researching Transgender people
sending my crush a NSFW video.
tripping on my way out of the bathroom.
trying to stop molestation
putting my work gloves on
thinking r/trees is a subreddit is about cool tree pics...
asking a man who bought a monitor from me if he has weed to sell tonight
apparently today i fucked up by being considerate.
TDIFU When I Was Too Lazy to Remove Rubber Gloves
not knowing the Uhaul truck I rented didn't fit through the Taco Bell drive-thru..
drunk crafting and a sparkly blue umm..... ya help?
asking my stepfather if he wanted to see a guys head get cut off while in a public place letting my 6 year old brother find my mom’s massive dildo
thinking I was "just going out for drinks" with "a friend"
accidentally sitting on my friend’s d***
letting my mom back in my life
staring at my crush's boobs while she was staring at me
imitating my professor in front of the class while he was standing behind me all along
laughing when a girl asked for my number
not checking my mom's emails, possibly costing $300.
mishearing something a Yale admissions officer said and sounding like an idiot for three years
trying to kill a mosquito and then getting attacked by hundreds of them.
adding my friend back into the group chat
agreeing to be a coach
downing 3 litres of vodka before a work party and scaring off a girl I like
Not telling my girlfrind I took viagra
having a thing about my mom
telling a yo momma joke
leading my blind friend into a mosh pit at a metal show
suffocating everyone in my office with burnt popcorn and breaking the office microwave
trying to clean my carpets
forgetting my girlfriend's birthday, we're in a long-distance relationship.
falling asleep while having sex with my coworker
saying b**** to my mom
throwing away my orange
pissing the bed while my girlfriend is asleep next to me
trying to treat my poison ivy rash and made it worse than I could possibly imagine.
my friend is stupid
pointing my Grandfathers gun at my whole family.
underestimating my twin toddlers
wanting eggs for breakfast
quiting my job right be for the lockdowns
showing my ass on Omegle's unmoderated section
telling my mom a joke
when i said hi to the dad of the girl i was just about to bang
cutting my finger and letting it get infected with a peice of wood still in it
playing my music for friends
It all came crashing down
cleaning my toilet bowl
giving my pupper the good ol butt skritches!
not vetting my computer before my works IT set up my desktop to VPN to the office.
sending a pic of packs of Condoms which I was going to use throughout the week to the girl that likes me.
Jalapeño in the ass
Sleeping over at my girlfriends. Now I’m in a closet hiding
hugging someone
pantsing, humiliating an old lady
sending a porn link to a family groupchat
not fucking up
sending a video gossiping about my friend... to the friend.
getting myself in the inescapable cycle of compulsive masturbation.
getting coerced out of $5000 while under the influence of the ‘Devil’s Breath’ drug
putting F4M instead of M4F
pulling a gun on my wife's new boss
being upset with mi gf when she was being very nice
Buy Negative Google Reviews - Buy Bad Google Reviews
telling my family members that I’m allowed to post about my weight loss success.
when my friend group believes I have a 2.5” incher
asking my husband to make me a sandwich
buying myself dice
Making Chili After Recovering from Covid
I played basketball today
accidentally making a chemical weapon
over sharing with an ambulance chaser company
with my friend and sibling by mocking the police
when I woke up this morning with nudes in my camera roll
any hope to date this girl
dislocating my shoulder in the shower.
peeing on my neighbors house
Sexy sex xxx I fuk my gf daddy
telling a customer that we can’t take cash
ripping the skin off my dick when jerking off to hard
dancing in a car
Doing the Mentos and Coke The stupid way
falling for an Uber scam which persuaded me to tip over $300!
thinking my friend's dog had died when it was her human friend who had passed
I've Been Saying "Per se" For the Last Few Months, Explanation in Post
I am refugee from Nigeria and have no money to pay bills.
self-sabotaging the best relationship I'd ever had
almost being an accidental terrorist
“fixing” the internet for my friend’s dad
waxing my own back
I'm posting this here too.
injuring myself with a shard of dry milk
Gave THC To Customer on Accident!!!
high fiving right before pandemic
looking for my work badge
being to rough
wrecking my Uncle's BMW and paying £1500 for it
taking too much anti-seizure pills
eating rocks
pouring hot butter in a measuring cup and not listening to my mom
not unsubbing to
Procrastinating
asking too many questions about my son's circumcision
telling two co-workers (f) that i have a date with my hand today
wearing a comfy sweater
when I sent in an anonymous question to a talk show on twitter and realized I was being an asshole (x-post from r/OffMyChestMen)
having to drink a whole bottle of wine
not recognizing my long-term boyfriend
choosing wrong career
always buying my toothbrushes at the dollar store
Submitted the first paper of the semester, to only realize 2 days later that it was completely wrong.
not closing the curtains &amp; not being properly clothed
Yes this
Playing Fortnite
sending money to my girlfriend in Ukraine and never seeing her again.
never breathing properly
posting in my favorite Subreddit and being labeled a nazi
letting my FWB ride my face
coming home late
getting involved in a sextortion scam
peeing ON my bed while thinking it was the toilet
trying to buy drugs from my supervisior
looking through my friends my friends phone
muting the teacher during online class
sneezing on my girlfriend’s leg
not punching Jeffrey Epstein when I had the chance to do so
trying to take a manly shower
when I walked downstairs in my family home completely naked
unknowingly loving my dude friend and then smoking out the house
dreaming of having sex with my best friend.
casually mentioning the weather leading to harassment from a Subway worker
carving “YOURE NEXT” in a banana
ordering skip the dishes
letting the concierge into my room. NSFW, but now how you’d think
calling an old lady in Germany :
HOW LONG DOES IT TAKE FOR A BLACK WOMAN TO TAKE A SHIT? 9 MONTHS
hanging out with friends
accidentally streaming porn on my twitch channel.
pooping my pants and sending scat pictures to my wife
buying my vitamins from the pharmacy
I just cost the company a good bit of money.
wanting a Pop-Tart!
opening up, got ghosted. FU again by texting my guy. Clown much.
i smoke weed on class
almost getting arrested at the airport
Declining a call I've been waiting on for 3 years
getting shards of broken bones stuck in my anus
sleeping over at my new girlfriends house and taking sleeping pills
being an overly enthusiastic and sheltered 5th grader
being humble to my friench
I’m probably getting fired tomorrow
showing my parents my halloween costume.
leaving gum on the table
trying to spank my girlfriend in the ass during sex but accidentally spanking my balls instead
getting my manager deported
going on Omegle
Be aware of your surroundings, maybe lol
forgetting to add the source code files to the folder before submitting my final exam
crashing in a group of women
linking my iPad to my iPhone
Just fucking shat my self in a bar
humping air
attempting to pay an online writer to type one of my college essays.
dirty talking a girl I like and my mom heard all of it
going home, jacking off, and getting exposed by Discord
I flashed my two friends
there was no toilet around
touching my eyes after eating chili peppers
obliterating a rat in my engine compartment
TWFU by trusting location services too literally
unknowingly planning my own intervention
testing a stapler
trying too hard to help my family
revealing the gender before a gender reveal party
welding batteries together, sort of.
while trying to cook riceforgot about hotel maids
possibly losing 5 of my best friends
not realizing I was forcibly unmuted during my nephews Zoom Violin Recital
I for breaking my wrist at school
Someone help
calling my date by the wrong name on the first date
standing too close behind a horse.
Forest fire
accidentally making a 9/11 joke
getting drunk at my work Xmas party and then spewing in the Uber - then accidentally charging it to work!
flinging a leaf out the window while driving.
shitting myself while donating plasma
using the wrong bike in spin class
TYFU by showing my dick to my friend and cause him an identity crisis
showing my dick on a zoom call..
Bathtub experience
giving my high school students explicit sexual advice.
laughing at my husband during sex
not going to the dentists
eating moldy cupcakes
with cat poo on me
sending a dick pic to my college group chat.
"auto inviting" me at the family's lunch of my ex boyfriend and making a bad impression
eat a dick mods
calling the cops on my stolen bike
making my whole class hate me
searching "furry"
getting tinnitus from standing next to a speaker at a concert
I am a fucking retard
thinking I locked the toilet door.
overcharging my account
be having SEX
for saying "germans master race" in front of my GF parents
posting a picture to a (popular) subreddit after sending the same picture to my girlfriends brother.
" not listening to my son when he said he had something in his closet... And oh boy, did he ever have something in his closet."
going to the bathroom while having allergies.
trying to contact a woman whose pictures had been stolen
gutting a Unicorn.
going to the wrong funeral to sing/play music for what I thought was for my family.
Fucked up on my anniversary
trying to learn how to speak to women
shipping CD's to my ex drug dealer
baking cookies at 2 a.m.
Money
basically pepper spraying myself while experiencing a migraine
not wearing protective gear while messing with cursed chili peppers
This was a major FU, I srsly don’t know what to do
multitasking, rushing, and mistakenly identifying spilled coffee
not closing the classroom door
having a sexual conversation with a sensitive friend
calling my cat a “fucking rat bastard” in front of my online middle school students
eating a pot brownie when I was supposed to help bring in the Christmas tree for my Mormon family.
Gf saw me ffs
3.5 hrs ago where I assumed I knew how to buy and consume pot
I walked my dog and I think I broke his leg.
massaging myself in the bath until it became a bloodbath
opening a stranger’s door
opening my vacuum sealed mug at work
drinking mango juice
giving a complete stranger a hotel room in my name for a night
eating a orange in class and accidentally saying it nutted on me
Told my fiancé she’s pathetic- kinda
my playing with myself in a public restroom
being naked in my room
asking HR about my raise
giving an award to a racist post I thought was ironic.
leaving vegetable oil unattended near my cat
forgetting an id
writing a bot who has fucket up
I looked at my Bosses Linkdin 8 times and they noticed
accidentally using hand sanitizer instead of lube
accidentally professing my love to my boss in front of her fiancé
finding out my online friend’s address.
slicing the top of my clit while shaving. not leaving my phone on silent
being gay
for testing out dollar bill.
opening the bedroom door
leaving Granny Porn open on my computer (NSFW)
making it look like me and my friend were trying to have sex on a hike
DMing in a slouch, destroying my hips, and my boss' motivation to work in one fell swoop.
Tofu by spilling coconut oil on my carbon fiber desk
1000$ worth of weed found by grandparents
congratulating my gf on her periods.
Creativity
acting sexual online
telling my Three year old what a penis is while at a doctors appointment
ruining by ability to taste
leaving my body and getting trapped.
walking on my brother while he was having an online class.
Job interview with soundboard
So, today I fucked up. I poured some coffee on my mothers 20 year old cactus at a family gathering and now it's dead.
catfishing my spouse online
letting my squirrel into the warm house.
not realising kettlebells are sold in kg AND lb’s online
making a girl i like uncomfortable with me
leaving the dog in the boat
losing £50,000
burning the motherboard of my PC
looking through the tabs on my dads phone (NSFW)
making my cat a hammock.
cooking with olive oil and started a small fire
being honest to an Apple customer representative
reading the date wrong for my English final and missing it
“Unresolved issues” on unemployment
having a terrifying nightmare.
riding my bike on a flat tire
changing my TikTok username
Stepped on something I regretted
Amazon's success largely stems from its innovative technologies and practices, many of which were championed by its CEO, Jeff Bezos. This innovative technology was a huge investment for the e-commerce giant—one that fostered exceptional results. Because it is gaining everyone's trust.
doing the stupidest thing i have ever done
mentioning how sorry I felt for Trumpists for he unexpected grief they must (but cannot) handle
thinking my mom was my friend
Drilling Through a Waterline
going the wrong way in a 5k race
sending the Skyrim intro copypasta to my teacher
Today I ruined my wife’s day again.
letting my cat hide my Mont Blanc pen.
having sex with my girlfriend and an unexpected guest.
letting myself get bored
buying cake for my brother's birthday.
surfing porn on my school Google account
I played battlefield with my korean war veteran grandfather and now he thinks there is war again
buying adult toys...
stinking up a wedding
coming out in an argument
misjudging the display size of my camera during an MS Teams meeting (Semi-NSFW) .
telling my friend to watch Don Jon
in my Minecraft “no cheats” world
grabbing my GF’s best friend’s ass right in front of her
telling everyone I’m 5’8
inviting my best friend to the beach and getting publicly shamed for being homophobic
when my son spoke to my ex, from high school on the bus
having insomnia
TIFY By solving a coding challange
getting water with the lights off
not stopping.
letting my coworker charge her phone
telling my boss to "calm down"
arguing with a Transgender friend about their new name.
Got banned from yandere_simulator subreddit for expressing my opinion.
hosting the best Among Us Game ever
causing road rage
drinking water.
not accepting the hand sanitizer
prank calling my driver's ed teacher's wife
Today I fucked up by making a white power sign
eating chocolate chips while baking cookies
offering a man popcorn.
having a weird dream
watching the protests and having a flash back to traumatic experience.
fiercely insulting an old lady because I thought for a moment that noone could hear me ranting through my face mask.
pulling a small prank during a Google Meet
spinning in a circle
making a college rivalry sound like racism
telling my ex girlfriend her Vagina didn’t smell/taste good
drinking black coffee from an Ember mug
Can we stick to f-ups from *today*?
screaming during a video conference
not checking my karma
not thinking before I speak
taking Dulcolax
amp; almost got my entire nipple eaten off my chest
downloading a Tinder account while in a relationship which led to my girlfriend leaving me.
remembering that I might have flashed my mom
drinking too many beers and then trying to smoke a bowl
emptying my sons potty.
taking “Viagra”
Telling the Truth
missing my school appointment to fix my career
not turning my bluetooth off while jacking off
wrastling a mate, and losing a tooth.
stealing an r/jokes pickup line
not telling my room mate that I was on zoom meeting
Today I fucked up when accidentally unmuting myself on Google Meet instead of Discord during an online lesson.
eating hard salami
watching community during my class zoom meeting.
doing anal
breaking the magical water evaporating machine
LPT: Think with your dick and bathe your man-bits in a mixture of irritating lotions, cry in a fetal position (NSFW)
making my ex think i’m stalking her in the dark
implying my girlfriends grandmother was dead
telling someone it was okay to talk normally
stretching my jaw in front of the mirror
showing my grandad the bob ross post outing myself to my friends
getting caught wearing a Lush vibrator while preparing for an MRI scan and having to remove it in front of a male technician in a semi-public hallway.
I lost my watch!
for sending nudes to a guy I've known for a month (not as eventful as the other ones but still)
listening to Amico by Billie Joe Armstrong in school
I gave myself a blood test when I was 10
A guy messaged me asking for explicit pictures and I (17) basically gave him what he wanted thinking it was the right thing
explaining song lyrics to a couple of twenty year olds
letting my 10yo brother watch game of thrones with me
letting my kids watch a Scooby-Doo movie with an actual haunted storyline.
taking a picture of a Karen in the wild
nearly giving myself a heat stroke
**QUESTION**
asking my child to move furniture
burning by finger with a portable charger battery
almost severing a nerve in my thumb
trying to be prepared against COVID-19, by overdosing on Zinc
Hola...
posting a sarcastic fake profile
I accidentally spreed c***d in my school
and now I can't go out in the sun
Having Fibre
I AM NlGGER SLAYER I AM NlGGER SLAYER I AM NlGGER SLAYER
eating undercooked, spoiled pork that made my POOP &amp; FARTS SMELL LIKE DEATH...
losing my wallet
telling my girlfriend of two hours that I loved her
accidentally creating a scenario parents warn their daughters about
trying to be nice.
showing my dad gay adult videos and outing myself
forgetting my socks on the Spirit Plane
asking the Universe to get rid of a work colleague for being a pain, and getting my wish granted
taking payment info over the phone
putting a veggie patty in a sandwich and getting fired
not checking the floors before turning on our robot cleaner, Alfred
stretching
My girlfriend and
choking at the wrong time during a BJ
on a first date
deciding to "have a drink"
mistaking the date of my college enrollment
giving my friends ghost pepper and capsaicin hot sauce
leaving $5900 unattended
signing up for Microsoft Teams
baking a microwave
forgetting my pen
with a Christmas present
including my thumb in jalapeños I was dicing
crushing my own balls
mixing disinfectant wipes with baby wipes.
licking my lips
bringing more water with me jogging than I usually do.
because I didn't get pregnant
listening to a podcast about a missing kid
asking a priest if he can remove my “thingy for peepee”
but submitting a post on the wrong subreddit
sending my boss a dick pic
laughing in church
getting a personal loan at 29.9% interest and lying about it to my family.
accidentally making my partner think it was storming outside
flaking again for the 1000th time and not going to my best friend’s dance recital because of my own incompetence
building a tree house
masturbating after cutting jalapenos
letting my grades get this low
having a child with my ex-wife
when someone tried to help me perform my blood test
not immediately putting away groceries.
today i definetly fucked up
trying to drink two whole bottles
Thinking My Daughter Might Drown in the Bath
seeing my own soul.
swiping right. NSFW
kinda ate my flat mates pet
throwback/ sex
embarrassing myself
choosing a super crude song for a close friends family get together
using a vibrator at work
Neighbor
forgetting my bosses fathers funeral.
paying 24$ for an espresso shot
walking in on my mom's colleague getting dressed.
screaming about "double tapping a guy" during a zoom call (with my favorite teacher
telling a musician I can lick his asshole.
A wet dream, but not what you would expect
using the bathroom in my dream
showering with vicks vaporub
accidentally catching my BF's father watching porn while stroking his cat's butthole at work
going to bed naked
marrying the wrong person three months ago and being stuck with him in quarantine
accidentally told my boyfriend a very specific detail i shouldn’t have remembered
telling my parents that I like cum in my tum NSFW
forgetting to enable my WiFi
being drunk and forgetting to wash bleach out of my hair
posting a that didn't happen today
TAKING THC CAPSULE AFTER DONATING BLOOD
unintentionally to end up winning a break up
breaking the only laptop that works perfectly in our house.
pavloving myself over roommate's fecal fragrance
serving family dinner after assuming son did his chores
talking about my clients’ bowel movements during a zoom meeting.
my mom wont talk to me now
accidentally destroying a $50 dollar PSU, a $100 Graphics Card, and a $250 CPU
Cut the tip of finger off
Peeing when the bathroom was taken
breaking my bong
smoking weed on a empty stomach
Moving Tires
playing GTA with a trainer
almost quitting Reddit
absolutely obliterating my school laptop.
TIFUpdate Telling my teacher I wanted to do her.
destroying my 9 y/o son's relationship with his best friend with extreme cringe
sticking my finger in a hole it doesn't belong in
Wrecking my Uncle's BMW
I gave a Subway worker my number and HER BOSS texts me 6 days later LOL
trying to lose my virginity and ended up in a graveyard.
calling a classmate the N word
listening to other people’s advice and forced a guy to admit his infidelity to his wife
calling a friend while phone sexing with my GF
a drive of money waste
while jogging...
literally having butt naked, steamy hot sex with my beautiful girlfriend.
making a good person working as a bank support rep cry
telling my friend about my job transfer.
Billie Eilish +18
being inadvertently unethical about a car
Jogging in to Spider Web, Coughing on Spider, Falling in to mud
FUCK THE MODS)
showing my coworker my boyfriends penis and breaking my phone.
Balls in a swing
thinking a fart was just a fart
(Long)  eating 3 months expired yogurt and then going to my physical therapy appointment.
eating Popeye's Spicy Chicken Sandwich
my sending my friend a video of my masturbating... the same video I sent to my boyfriend.
sending vulgar bible verses to my very religious dad
I forgot to turn off my mic
by doing laundry
leaking my Crush right next to my crush
brushing my teeth while half asleep and ending up with a temporary ED after falling off a balcony
well not yet. I need to poop and there isn't a toilet
wearing a N95 mask that only filters my inhale, not exhale.
accidentally starting an orgy
not today actually, but I once forgot to close the door, thinking that my husband closed the door, which resulted in my son walking into us while we were enjoying ourselves.
making my mom think I'm gay.
kissing my cat
being bilingual and indecisive
recording my favorite teacher chewing out most of our class for delaying a test
dropping my bluetooth earbud in the dorm hallway
Having Awesome Sex
opening my car window
Excuse Me, Can You Help Me Find Hookers and Blow?
joking about a serious topic
pissing on my cat.
eating some snacks in a pub.
Today I fucked up by q tipping my ears.
making my professor think I had a bomb with me in class.
not taking my pink eye more seriously.
humming at work
using the restroom in Subway
sending a depression rant to my professor instead of my friend
yelling at a woman who walked behind my reversing car
A week long self infliction of Mount Vesuvius
ruining a night with one sentence
not knowingly using an Acid brake cleaner on my blacks rims and calipers.
breathing someone else’s breath
almost killing myself (trans edition)
Not Checking My House
Salt ≠ Pepper
trying to eat a facial scrub.
checking what the neighbours dog was barking at
leaving a deep freezer outside
I drop kicked my boyfriend of nearly 4 years
sending a dick pic to my family friend instead of my gf
Take that spoon and...
taking my kids to the grocery store
not wanting to see porn and nuking an entire subreddit.
choosing January 2020 as the ideal time to go teach English in Vietnam
not locking my door during 21st birthday morning sex
driving driving through a flood, which previously wasn’t so bad but had gotten a lot, lot worse. Long post. putting a piece of gum to my pubes
breaking my hand out of rage
not moving the kitty litter before my meeting
catfishing my friend online and letting him get attached.
complementing a vase I thought was a gift
School TL;DR.
saying a few choice words at the wrong place
kicking my own finger
Legit just happened 30 min ago
BEING UNMUTED IN CLASS PLEASE HELP Oh God this just happened I was unmuted while in class
letting my co-worker link up to my Bluetooth speaker
getting my gf a DNA test for Christmas
drunkenly talking about my medical problems at a party.
about loosing the 1?
calling the owner of the dealership I work for a fucking retard.
not knowing where my arsehole is and possibly wiping up someone else's shit
sharing my answers with a classmate and I need advice
Today I fucked up by taking my eye of the spider
offering my seat on metro to a pregnant lady
dyeing my hair sending my mother a suicide note
wandering the streets in my underwear during a snowstorm.
Almost Losing My Foot Thinking I Could Change a Tire
so hard I didn't even remember doing it :/
I sent my mom nudes ok accident. That were supposed to go to a client. And she has no idea I’m an adult cam model.
letting by believing in luck and losing $400 on a game.
didn’t know your Reddit account isn’t private
letting a narcissist destroy my sanity for two years
Ionizing a fart
yelling “It’s boy scouts. Get the gun!”
unintentionally leading on attractive co-worker
letting a guy think I was hooking up with somebody else
hanging out with predators.
moving furniture while naked
Tofu by being sick
washing the dishes in my bf’s apartment
donating to goodwill
accidentally drinking bong water (short n' sweet)
accidentally drinking my boyfriends pee.
telling my girlfriend a joke
likely losing my nail on my thumb after doing just about the same thing about 2 months ago to my pinky
trusting a 4 year old
existing
accidentally red pilling strangers at the mall.
for getting three moving violations in the last three years.
tripping my ex girlfriend in front of the principal
answering someone in a chat and now I feel like a dumbass
walking right next to a river
almost getting abducted because I'm a gullible motherfucker
almost starting the restaurant I work at on fire right after I was hired
turning my balls into Rudolph‘s nose
Showing riend my Dick.
jokingly offering my friend money only if he gets naked.
accidentally throwing a vibrating butt plug out of the window, getting a facial, bleeding on my boyfriend’s sheets and losing my virginity all in once
creating John Wick lore in my head
accidentally walking into a police trap for child porn.
coming out as more leftwing than my parents
blowing my tire on a curb
forgetting to where my mask to Starbucks
telling my girlfriend it was my first time.
getting caught masterbating by my (16) sister (14).
getting my GF(F26) Ben Was Balls NSFW
ruining my homework
thinking my dog could give me ride.
I accidentally gave away thousands in gold
making a DVD of all images from my camera and giving it to my FIL without reviewing the directory contents first.
creating my own security question
having to keep going back to get my food
not cooming dinner for my GF
knowing that my brother in law can't handle strong weed and still letting him hit a dab of the strongest shit i've ever encountered...
TIFUpdate - By buying my wife a sex book
not keeping in touch with my family and giving terrible gifts.
cause of the many lies
almost burning down my house.
eating an entire box of cereal
singing "I love you" song in front of my crush.
getting distracted while driving and almost dying
asking a girl at a halloween party for a picture
using my windshield wipers trying to give the arm pump to a trucker
crashing into a bus (srry for bad English)
eating too quickly and almost dying
Confession
thinking I was driving a school bus instead of my car.
never finding Han Solo
dropping my phone on my girlfriend’s face while cuddling
having terrifying dreams that tried to kill me.
pulling poop out of my own asshole while maatrubating high
laughing at my wife's grandfathers death because of a prequel meme
forgetting to lock the door NSFW
forgetting how to sleep and trying to be nice to my wife.
accidentally getting roofied at a college party
turning on my Apple cube
leaving my phone unattended
making my parents think I'm a druggie
not properly hiding my Sex Toys and two Pacifiers, and now my family probably thinks I’m an Adult Baby obsessed with Sex Toys
trying to descreetly send a Dab Rig to my partners parents home.
thinking today's my exam but it's not until tomorrow.
watching a guy go down on a girl whilst sitting on a couch with my boyfriend's parents
slapping a coworker’s asscheek
thinking I was being chased by an angry customer.
SEXXX
sending my classes zoom link on a group from Reddit
leaking the secret Christmas bonus to the office.
Tech Week
wearing a hawaiian shirt to a protest
making lentil meatballs on a whim
attempting to explain sex change surgery to a room full of trans guys. (Kinda NSFW)
spreading my younger brother’s phone number all over the school.
having rough sex
giving my son bubble baths which resulted in him not cleaning well
masturbating under the covers
accidentally waterboarding myself in the shower at 5am.
misgendering my teacher
almost exploding the turkey.
trying to include a quiet person in the conversation
Alarm Clocks
trying to see like normal people
having a wired headset
Accidentally Liking an Instagram Post
unknowingly jacking off to my aunts nudes
getting hospitalized because my GF blueballed me...
accidentally attending a sex party and making eye contact with a guy that called himself Indiana Bones
TIFI by spraining my ankle just in time for Christmas
using the toilet brush for more than the toilet
using a Clorox wipe instead of a Baby wipe to wipe my ass
joking with my little brother.
Costing myself $300 after buying my first car
trying to meet a girl on Discord
getting my grandma drunk
for Buying a Brand New Swiffer Sweeper That I Didn't Need.
missing an online quiz that is worth a lot on my midterm score
waking up with a boner at my first boy and girl sleepover
up seeing my granny's tits
drinking with my family and four IRA members in Dublin...not realizing it till things got out of control.
making a professional community with my personal reddit account and sharing it with potential friends/family.
embarassing myself before a job interview
using expired sunscreen
losing my wallet 200 km away from home, being stranded at McDonald's with nothing and left alone by my friend
being worried about a trans women who was very male looking showering while looking at my teenage daughter and I.So not today but Friday last week, me and my 14 year old daughter were swimming at a gym I've been a member of for 15 years,
for confessing my feelings for my crush at school
having a girl in a bikini on my computer screen when my religious grandmother walked in.
asking my mom if swallowing hard-boiled eggshell is fine during breakfast!
leaving a novelty face mask lying around leading to my 6 year old dropping the c-bomb
Today I fucked up by reversing through the garage door (on my parents investment property) in my new Jeep.
trying salted butter for the first time in a hotel breakfast room (slightly NSFW?)
going in the women’s bathroom
letting my manager scrape jizz out of my hair.
drug dealer prank
trying to hide my BF
my telling my coach we didwiz a good job.
I broke my 3+ year old phone and i don’t know how to tell my mother
telling my son’s day carer that I wet my pants sometimes
snorting my medication and almost got into rehab
wasting $60 on my PS4 only to realize I don't like video games anymore.
eating over three big spoons of cold *“ICEE”*, FAST.
waking up my boyfriend’s entire family by ringing the doorbell at 9am
potentially permanently damaging my hand by playing video games.
ruining my wife’s family Christmas card pictures.
accidentally complaining about my boss...to my boss.
boiling my dildos
kicking my crush in the balls
killing a Fly in my room.
screaming with laughter in a street performer’s face like a buffoon.
mixing the bag into the dough while working in a pizza restaurant
uninstalling Steam
Talking With My Mom About Sex, Not knowing It Was Her
eating a wasabi ball not knowing what it was.
cumming on my mom
making awkward conversation in the bathroom.
PUTTING STRAIGHT 91% ISOPROPYL ALCOHOL ON MY FRESHLY SHAVED BITS INSTEAD OF WITCH HAZEL...
Asking to be Called xXBloodEdgeLordVampire29832Xx
dropping my waterproof phone into the toilet (short)
abusing my professor in online class
trying the “let’s count shoulders” trick
drinking from a river causing me and my dad to get coronavirus tests
passing wind into a clean pair of socks
Today I fucked up by making my neighbourhood think the nice old lady next door died.
Burning Down My Parents Kitchen On Their Anniversary
Airplaying Reddit porn after a Xmas movie
binge watching an entire show in one night
checking my banking statement
losing my voice trying to prove my wife wrong
I procrastinated and got demoted to a learners permit
ripping my asshole with a soft object (NSFW)
not knowing what an air freshener was trying snuff (tobacco)
Not Examining the Box Close Enough
listening to a bloke at the bar
not paying attention when cutting my hair.
not putting my car in drive after a three point turn
eating hot potatoes too quickly.
telling someone to eat a d#ck.
assuming I had no assignments due this week
using a table saw. (Warning may be graphic for some people)
Screen Shared a Diss Track about my GF to my GF
forgetting a towel
shitting in the loving room on vacation
she’s married and has 3 kids
the day I learned to not give my 5 year old a dirty sanchez
calling my wife old
accidentally sending my parents cursed animal crossing images
scaring a random lady
switching out the water cooler jug before it was actually empty.
pooping on my own floor during a zoom meeting
accidentally leaving a google classroom
while doing my online math test
doing weed
using something other than toilet
using a handicap stall and then a handicapped person waited for me to exit.
finding my parents cock ring
Calling Him "babe"
I am pretty sure our 14 year old daughter trolled us RE our sex life
being with the wrong person
saying “I know” when my crush said I was her favorite person in the world.
splattering shit on my moms wall and announcing it to my whole family..
stealing a woman’s airplane cookies
trying to help a homeless man and letting him sleep in our home, but disaster resulted.
using my buttplug
Calling The Cops On An Arguing Couple
accidentally pulling up gay porn while showing my manager something.
walking around my school barefoot with a snake in my hair.
freaking out thinking I was dying
going on vacation with my ex
falling for a phone con at work
and now I've cut my dick
asking someone to add me on animal crossing
acting like I didn’t speak German
getting super drunk and following my crush around at a party
cuddling too much.
taking my pain meds ( prescribed ) and totally forgetting I was in the hospital yesterday.
locking myself out of the store I work at with nothing on me during a pandemic.
LPT  almost getting arrested at school!
Doing the One Thing Everyone Tells You NOT to do with Q-Tips
getting drunk on my first day of college
UPDATE Confronting My Parents I'm Not Part Snake.
asking how my friends dead dog was.
The time I made a vagina burn.
not thinking about my wording while I was upset with a student
posting a photo of my 8yo online
telling an Amazon employee to go fuck herself
not realising the word the teacher was mining was "Graceful" If was not and almost 40 years later I'm still embarressesd...
having my bluetooth on...
making Google translate guy answer a question instead of me while I was in my German online class
posting my picture on reddit
almost letting my mom be mauled by a Dog.
pulling weeds...
not muting myself during an class
not listening to my mom while driving
kissing my freshly new director
taking a small bird in
putting liquid nitrogen on my penis
trying to drink my coffee.
using a deodorant I was allergic to, and using it on the wrong areas.
Losing my bong at my parents house
marrying a man I met online and moving to be with him in US . TW
impaling my wife with a propane torch..
giving my neighbor a break
letting my wife surprise me.
googling gay furry porn on my grandmother's computer
(NSFW)  NOT cumming during sex
wearing the wrong size condoms for 16 years
almost getting crashed into (this happened yesterday but i just worked up the courage to post this).
watching porn in my bedroom
touching my boyfriend’s nipple
leaving my pubic hair in a plastic bag in my closet.
not remembering to knock over the "turd spire" in my outhouse.
loudly saying “slap her ass” to my friend while we walked behind a girl
being naive and being a bad employee
licking my orthodontist's hand
drunkenly getting lost in a new country with only a backpack full of stolen broken glass.
not knowing how cars work.
cycling out to pick up a surprise Chinese meal
I literally fucked UP
being placed on a disney watchlist.
thinking I still fit into kids clothes
😳🙈🙈 I'm SUPER embarrassed right now after having to describe my penis extender to a woman from the customs department
trying to be a good girlfriend and brink my boyfriend a drink
cleaning my apartment for a girl
going on a cabin trip with my girlfriend
spending all of my money on a tinder hookup who threw me off her airbnb because she was too high
literally 5 minutes ago) by professing my love to a girl online
accepting a "grilled jizz" sandwich offer from my dad
not applying rash cream for a few days
If my dog could speak, he’d have some pretty choice words for me
thinking I knew everything about periods
I fucked up at 14
accidentally took a class A drug, and im not a drug user. NEVER AGAIN! LESSONS WHERE LEARNT! (NSFW maybe because of drug talk)
making a political opinion comment on a post
I let me daughter play with my cell phone
trying on a new dress.
burning my face off with gasoline
trying to pass someone to get to work faster. I ended up popping two tires and missing work
turning my brother into a Trump Superfan
whipper snipping shit
watching a show on Hulu featuring Mia Khalifa
almost getting blackmailed for 200 dollars because I sent nudes to a random “girl.”
laughing for like half an hour and making my barber think I'm mentally ill
pranking my friend into thinking his gf cheated on him.
I scratched up my new car.
talking to my date during sex.
By eating a dried ghost pepper with out eating anything
for changing a light bulb
slept in the middle of a Zoom class call and missed my presentation
letting my kids meet my new boyfriend
leaking my own information just to prove i don’t care.
telling someone to get well soon at the airport.
and will have to buy 115,000 lbs of gourds (not mine but definitely belongs here)
playing skyrim and sleeping in
seeing pegging porn on my dads phone.
failing at and giving up posting on reddit
thinking of politics anatomically
desperately needing to pee and walking in on a man at a rest stop. (NSFW)
having sex with the sexy yoga instructor
cumming in my trousers.
logging into an educational portal online for the class I signed up for months ago.
not knowing how strong dab hits are
eating Doritos
writing a character only for her to die in DND
showing a screenshot instead of the actual page.
I fucked up...?
being an idiot
the ol golf ball up the booty
technically my husband) by starting the Thanksgiving argument
going to my ex’s house without her permission, to get my stuff while she wasn’t home.
rubbing hot sauce on my dick
fapping thinking my mom won’t comeback so soon
following my orthodontics place instagram with the WRONG account and they 100% think I'm f***ed in the head
commenting on a subreddit I should not have vistited
accidentally showing a young teen porn at work
buying an Amtrak ticket but not realizing you need an ID to ride
because I confessed my deepest desires about Johnny the Godling
congratulating a pensioner on his sexual appetite
for not taking a covid test before a flight and I just want to die
taking my friend to a nude beach for a first date
embarrassing myself at a business meeting in Japan
Not Being On Mute and Confessing My Love for a Stranger
reading Hyatt as Hilton
asking who was dating my crush
coming out to my bestfriend...
hiding in a bathroom
staining my bedsheets thrice (triple fuck up and biggest TMI alert ever)
muting zoom to fart
getting my cousin beaten to shit
not realizing how different my face looks in a face mask.
ordering a kalimba
smashing my windshield
By puking on my girlfriend across the table
drunk texting my supervisor
Magically spent 60€
dropping laundry on the floor
drinking two sips of alcohol in school
trying to buy cocaine and getting scammed out of $90
taking a pic with a device I am borrowing
not flushing my used tissues
spending $1600 on my (other) girlfriend
Using An Ouija Board Without Knowing Everything First (lil bit of blood)
going too hard at the gym
telling my best friend I love him back.
preparing for the wrong exam
properly by standing up for my brother's gf and ending up pissing off my Aunt.
nearly burning my face off with the heat of jalapeños
losing my gf and my dignity
Losing a lot of weight and losing my wallet
BeeNetwork bee.com bee money code fe7v
making a homemade fungicide for my plant
making a r*pe joke by accident
coughing in a store
Today I fucked up by boobies sex reddit sexy cum
up with a paint can!!
forgetting to disconnect my Apple ID from the work iPad.
Today I fucked up when I sang an anime song in the middle of online class
almost dying trying to get paper.
eating too fast at family lunch
leaving my face mask in the car
waking up a day early for online class
holding a friends hamster
getting electrocuted by a camera
My drunk dad almost getting suckerpunch(messing wit me mentally if he were to get ko d i could not protect him)
Getting Really Stoned and Watching The Paranormal Activity Series
a literary quote
wearing a shirt to school
asking for a ride
sending someone contact information.
watching The Sopranos
borrowing my Dad’s laptop
falling dripping wet naked
Burnt my peen with acid
sexting a friend from high school.
Flaming hot Cheetos vagina
big time!
coloring my nipples blue with a sharpie
underestimating a chin injury
walking into my brother on the toilet while naked underneath
asking my partner what he wanted for his birthday... and I didn't know his mom was on the phone.
trying to steal back my toy bowling pin from my neighbor which my neighbor "repurposed"
asking the builder if he’d prefer to fist me rather than shake my hand?
making my French grade go from a 100A to a 69F in less than 30 mins
accidentally laughing as the misfortune of an ex-coworker
I made the answer to my secret question the female genitalia
calling an ambulance
failing from bicycle and fracturing my right elbow bone
pumping gas
trying to get a tick off my back
not doing my homework
signing up for an aerospace engineering job as a recent CS grad
I walked out of a store with a bikini attached to my bag and no one told me.
giving the valet a bj
changing the subject
not washing my coffee mug properly
not properly explaining periods to my kids
reading about tinnitus
running inside to answer a phone call
being a complete jerk and ruining a friendship
explaining pork rinds to my 11yo spilling 10ml of printer ink to my desk and then to all carpet floor...
pronouncing "Sukhdeep" as "Suck deep"
openeing someone's car door on accident and they WERE IN IT!!!
loudly singing my woes to myself.
coming everywhere
by getting wasted 4 years ago on halloween, and trying to find my pack of smokes
ordering 100,000 ($1.5M) of our worst and ugliest shoes
but letting a dog be too curious
getting carolina reaper in my piercing home.
sleeping with my AirPods in.
putting vinegar in my eye. Ouch...
showing my mom the high school DxD opening
Think I fucked up by watching porn in the bathroom.
sending a job performance document I made factually calling out my peer, that was intended for my boss, to him!
being too curious while junk collecting.
retrieving my mom's photos
calling my Driver’s Ed teacher a “latina milf”
asking my crush to Homecoming
but boyfriend edition 🤦🏽‍♀️
Today I seriously fucked up
leaving a USB with NSFW content as work.
(not literally) eating shit in front of people I respect + strangers
not listening to my wife or my gut and knocking on the wrong door while canvassing
getting angry at my brother, and then being sent to a psych ward
watching YouTube and subconsciously biting my nails at the same time.
going to the bathroom with morning wood... In nothing but boxers.
hooking up my girlfriend with a job at the company I work for
Genius toddler locks up grandma
freeing the nipples.
playing some music I like in class
Leaving my old family/life
bringing champagne to the wedding of someone with a drinking problem
eating my friends loogie
Accidentally rejected my crush
twisting my knee on the job
turning in a final paper with some "colorful" comments still attached...
walking around naked with roommates
not writing down important names and numbers
sex horny orgasm please click and give me internet points
Selling Inmates Commissary Bags
for making the entire house smell like wax museum while baking bread
building the fiancé a gut-bomb
whilst potty training
reading 1000 weird, sexual, violent fake stories made by people for internet points
knowing Jeffery Epstein didnt kill himself.
Telling Someone I Didn’t Like Their Girlfriend
I said a really really bad/offensive joke
smoking weed during a pandemic
kind of admitting to my best friend that I have a crush on her.
forgetting to disconnect from my Bluetooth speaker while watching porn
and lost a 50 dollar trip all because a android update turned off notifications sounds.
cat calling my girlfriend's sister
trying to get rid of some paperwork
I sliced open my thum
Not Checking My Emails And Having Trump Ruin Christmas
Fucked my lesbian friend
not drinking my Orange Squash.
not eating Nutella for 18 years of my life, trying it for the first time and eating a 26 oz bottle by myself
telling my boyfriend about a dream where I killed him
loosing a testicle in my sleep
having Gastrografin and falling asleep
submitting a nuke instead of my project
not paying attention at the gym
searching for a meme (NSFW just in case)
saying I want to fuck right as the videoconference mass started at the seminary where my husband works
wanting a warm hard boiled egg
accidentally explaining my last blowjob to my upcoming tinder date
removing a menstrual cup and inadvertently getting period blood all over my dog’s face
using the nuclear option in a game of monopoly.
Don’t trust water in your bum hole
getting a broken paintbrush stuck up my urethra
and it cost me my best friend.
missing a lot of chances with girls in the past.
accidentally stealing a tablet from my friend
showing of my dating game to a friend who turns out, liked me.
not checking the grass.
becoming a slapstick character over a measly $5
leaving my dildo under my pillow
leaving a bowl in my girlfriend's Grandma's garden bed
at my mom's naturalization ceremony
putting butter in the microwave
mailing a vibrator to my parents house
giving my sister melatonin, not knowing it can intensify night terrors.
Today I cut the tip of my finger off
pushing myself in a workout
Hello !please help me to grow.
seeking medical assistance for my chronic insomnia during a pandemic
forgetting to send my references in to a job I interviewed for.
missing 4 school assignments.
ignoring the urge to go see an old friend
pushing my 15 year old SUV past its limits
putting the parts to my refrigerator in a trash bag for storage after I washed them.
getting drunk at my birthday
Not Reading My Patients File In It’s Entirety...
Posted girlfriend fully naked on snap story
stupidly letting my car get almost stolen in front of my eyes
By crushing on my best friends ex
Kid I bullied is sexy AF now
Naruto running in the house
eating too many almonds.
accidentally sending a disturbing erotic fanfiction to employees in place of my CV.
I shot my cousin
assuming an Asian guy in the Asian supermarket worked there (he didn't)
being rude to the wrong customer.
getting excited about sexy time..-.-
bleeding through my penis
Visiting my Boyfriend at College
accidentally creating mustard gas while shitting in my restroom
vacuuming my pubes
being on a call with my boyfriend
initiating a conversation
being way too greedy with the USPS free packing suppliesSigh
playing with my kitten in bed.
Naming a Build-a-Bear an N word
making my friend rap about his deceased father at a party
accidentally outing my neighbor’s son while I was giving a hand to my temporarily disabled neighbor
trying to give a waitress I liked my number.
making a PERIOD joke infornt of a new "Friend"
What are you doing step driver 🤤🤭😏
I lost my card
I just tried pouring my tea bag into the trash can... Guess how that ended... Give you a guess my trash can is caffeinated.
I Got Sick In The Movie Theater On A First Date
setting smoke detector off at 1am
moving me and my gf into a sorority house
activating my usual 6:30 am alarm instead of the 9am that I wanted. I slept at 3 am because it's a Saturday.
assuming how taxes work.
I had accidnetly made everyone evacuate my aunts house
forgetting to take off my directional microphone.
dropping my phone in shit
thinking someone was trying to hit on me
jizzing on a female nurse
decidingvto decorate early
dropping my puppy like a hot potato on the floor.
watching a video of an anime vampire being pleasured while at work
Telling my GF I hooked up with a guy 20 years ago
kicking a massive hole in my wall.
not liking my nieces haircut
had small talk with my father in law while sat on a literal dick
Leaving the car on, but not running. NSFW
accidentally showing my mother my little brothers new sex toy
playing with a knife
thinking that fart was only a fart
yelling in my house with all of the windows open and traumatizing my neighbors
sending a dick pic and proceeded to possibly be blackmailed
Drank some alcohol underage before a bus trip
locking myself outside with my cat
drinking too much bean juice shitpost
NSFW True story... Cousin and me
buying my boyfriend a DNA test for his bday
buying two packs of condoms by ACCIDENT
nearly crashing my car in front of everyone of importance in my life
discovering family secret NSFW
Peeded myself while sleeping next to girlfriend
forgetting I’m lactose intolerant
leaving my penis-infested notepad around
pissing my pants while doing electrical work
making a joke during my lecture
falling for Robihood’s bullshit and not understanding how they make money
kissing a colleague
learning what the foreskin was
stuttering
organising a Secret Santa at work and sharing everyone survey answers without asking them first
playing a stupid classmate Yu-Gi-Oh.
using a fake name online for years
letting my dog loose and causing a fight
not helping my mom with her job during Christmas
trying to talk dirty on a first date.
smoking with my sugar daddy
ordering a vibrator and having it sent to my parents house.
Gave my coworker mushroom capsules and got fired.
eating 30 fiber gummies
accidentally blasting “I JUST WANT THE NECK” at 3am.
Condom Rip May Have Ruined My Life
reading the Lord of the Rings aloud during a company-wide Zoom meeting. I was unmuted.
making a really bad joke during a serious job interview
letting my child be naked
fighting a mailbox with a knife
eating some cookies and nearly killing a lot of animals.
sleeping with a married man.
for telling him that I like him when he’s moved on.
when I sent my girlfriend a somewhat sexually explicit joke text when when someone was using her iPad
assuming a medication would work as intended and (possibly) giving myself a concussion
saying a racial slur I wasn’t aware was a slur.
Sleeping while wife drives herself to hospital
losing what matters most.
POOPY PROBLEMS
while riding my bike
pooping myself walking home...
passing out drunk on the footpath
opening my pills near my bed
letting bear spray go off in my car
drunk dialed my bestie and told her that I loved her .
i found a family secret
My Sleeping Pillow
cleaning my coffee cup, with a toilet bowl cleaner
not wearing sunscreen.
poisoning my friends food and breaking my leg while camping
I accidentally found out my dad is a cuck
Sassing Back a Sasser at the Grocery Store on Christmas Eve
getting a sext while my phone was cast to the TV and my in laws saw it
devleping a crush on my gay bestfriend
One finger salute
Outting My Best Friend at His Funeral
playing with a stray kitten.
accidentally funding terrorists.
yelling at my fiance about a vibrator when my brand new job training class was not on mute.
STORE CLERK REFUSED TO SELL ME CONDOMS
"curing" my depression
I’m sitting in a mess of my own creation
Don't make animal sounds at work
sleeping on my arm
being a virgin with bad motor control.
Today I fucked but by leaving my car door unlocked and got some sensitive stuff stolen
slamming my phone in the car door
insulting my sister's roommate and her boyfriend
not having the results of my vasectomy tested
trying on jeans
being born 21 years ago and refusing to consume alcohol
buying $160 worth of internet porn
chatting with my coworker
filling gasoline in a diesel truck, twice.
Using a Penis Pump
LPT :  naming my twitter profile the "N" word.
tying a cable tie around my wrist and not getting it off.
I scammed a pedophile and beastiality fetish person and told him he is going to jail.
posting a NSFW picture on my public snap story
Gave myself an STD???
watching BlacKkKlansman while waiting for my car maintenance
trying my fiancé’s stockings and making her think I was cheating.
breaking a tooth in bed
NOT JOINING THIS TELEGRAM CHANNEL THAT ARE GIVING OUT FREE NETFLIX ACCOUNTS
costing two coworkers $450 each in overtime wages
getting found on tinder by my wife's cousin
because I forgot to close my apartment door resulting in me getting pulled out of the shower at gunpoint by police.
accidentally dying my kitchen black
mistaking my mask for a sheet of toilet paper
trying to turn on my boyfriend
brushing my teeth to get the flavor of toothpaste out of my mouth
orgasming so hard I got quarantined from work.
BF’s first colonoscopy and I sent him this. By tagging him on social media. 😏
My 2 month old daughter fell off her swing
trying to rescue my son as a playground.
saying “Sorry we’re a little late to the party” at a wake. To the mourning family.
NSFW] I came across an inconspicuous sub involving accidental sex stories.
going on a date
not ensuring my 30.000€ Music studio
inadvertently showing my mom how kinky I am
I thought the fish didn’t see my lure
Choosing not to take test in testing center
I’m so stupid!! I’ve ruined my life! blowing my father in law all over the livingroom.
Not Sleeping.
cursing at my entire class
introducing my kid to a YouTube video...
Ignoring Every Sign from the Universe Ever that I Should NOT bone
accidentally "stealing"
laughing at a patient who had broken both of his arms
calling a Middle Eastern customer a terrorist
accidentaly revealing my reddit to one of my high school students
getting caught by the police stealing an oversized Christmas bauble
dismantling and repairing gaming controllers because I was unaware of a mechanic in a video game not going #2 for a month
realising I have been walking down stairs wrong for over a decade
working out before work
getting a speeding ticket
not telling my stepmom I can’t stand mayo
not creating an elaborate story that ends with me being a cool dude.
'enjoying' a jar of peanut butter
losing my luggage and my plane getting hijacked
mom walking in on best friend holding girlfriend
eating a bag of hot Cheetos and nothing else for the day (NSFW)
forgetting to hide sex toys &amp; a “water pipe” when mgmt, maintenance, &amp; the fire inspector did unit inspections
falling and getting hit by my BMX right where my vagina is
getting metal shards in my dick
writing a gay erotica short story about my friends
ingesting an insect while cycling that then bit my tongue
School
telling my friends religious mom to go to a sex shop to buy pet products
feeling Good As Hell.
jelling out the answer to a quiz question in class loudly
because I followed others too much
giving myself another quarantine haircut.
cumming in my own mouth
making my parents think Alexa was haunted
wearing the wrong shoes home on the eve of a lockdown
sending weed to my neighbor in the Mail
getting into a long distance relationship, then taking it back
losing it on the phone with my insurance company, stubbing my toe, then throwing my phone on the ground and shattering the screen completely.
going to the doctor for a sore throat and ended up being tested for the corona virus
not realising my boyfriend was sitting directly behind me
calling the wrong number on speaker-phone
and put my boot on my foot for a moment
exposing myself to a nurse
hitting on a cashier while buying condoms
commenting on my boyfriend's video game score.
letting a dog eat my edibles
Pos
making a very inside joke in a public manner.
making my wife "finish" with the dog beside the bed.
celebrating my brother's birthday like we are five
I just want to hid now
accidently sending my friend a nude.
Today I Fucked Up by sitting in a chair
making special coffee
wearing headphones to work
being lazy and deciding to use a condom
walking out on a teacher who caught us bunking lessons
drinking my own urine instead of seltzer
playing with the elevator.
putting my gaming desktop in my shower
accidentally making a copy think I was robbing my own store
forgetting to shut the toilet lid after pooping in a home with a curious cat
breaking the PVC pipe under a sink.
implying that all black people smoke
while trying to introduce my girlfriend to hentai
So today i found out that sns came out with a pair of vans about a month ago , retail is 79$ and i am currently broke as f*^# so im thinking we can come together as a group and in hopes to get 79 ppl to cashapp me 1$ so i can get this pair let’s hope this works ( cashapp: Jnyc44)
not measuring red pepper flakes
being too fat and losing out on 25 grand
elbow-bumping an asian
as i let my bf's brother eat a corn i was mastrubating with
calling the cops on domestic dispute without all the context.
peeing when I was exhausted.
being careless and now a stranger knows where I live
popping a squat while cleaning
giving a cop the worst excuse for a ticket
Mayonnaise Cake.
writing a letter to my ex
eating cake with a sharp knife
trying to impress the ladies with my beach volleyball skills on vacation.
talking about certain instances where men get accused of raping someone even though they didnt
adding my grandma on Instagram
not accepting assistance at the sex shop
staring at Indian taxi driver rudely.
dancing in front of my school's camera
Installing a nasty app in my Office
reading a post that lead me to the trailer of Babadook, and now I’m genuinely freaked out.
mentioning Cards Against Humanity
not paying attention to due dates for a midterm
Got my P's than nearly blew up the family car
leaving the sink running at work.
staining my Invisalign aligners yellow with a banana sucker
Not Approaching A Girl Who Was Interested In Me
Letting My Cat Sleep In My Bed
preventing my GF from getting in the mood.
sending my fake email to my ex
buying a hundred guns to a Russian criminal group while stoned.
not showing up to a job interview because I noted the time wrong
calling my black friend the N word through all high-school
having an accident during sex
and ended up getting an HPV vaccination
letting crush/coworker know what kind of porn I watch (maybe NSFW)
driving hungover and getting carsick
forgetting who feeds me
d by turning on some TV for my drunk girlfriend
showing ass to a stranger on Omegle's unmoderated section
accidentally killing a bird egg
Mixed bleach and ammonia
roofying myself and feeding everyone paint.
having a shower
drinking too much at a party
using cum filled shampoo
calling my wife (c-level executive) a department store associate
today I fucked up by putting a tampon too far up my pussy
trying to console a mom whose mom was dying of cancer
Arm and a Leg
shoving bengay up my ass
By choosing to watch Oldboy (2003) with my family
thinking everyone was asleep while masturbating
forgetting the water in my instant ramen
clicking on the wrong subreddit...
greeting my crush and now she thinks I'm a creep
Making my husband think I was in intense pain
looking into my daughter's eyes as I ejaculated
almost getting expelled
knocking myself out
Left mic on during zoom meeting
giving my almost two year old my phone.
joining the K.K.K.
sleepwalking at my company's annual kickoff
leaving all my Christmas presents in the train on the way home to my family
having by having Bluetooth 5.0
doing CPR on a conscious person.
basically breaking my friend's arm
throwing my clothes in the toilet.
calling my crush "dead inside"
So not necessarily a fuck up, I was just a douche..
Update: Masturbating to my best friend!
ordering pizza at my roommates work and launching a condom at an all female staff
walking around with human shit on me for hours
accidentally using an really inappropriate virtual background
plagiarizing my Eagle Scout Award speech
calling her, sir.
submitting my online test for university in the wrong turnitin folder
Accidental body fluids on my face.
pulling my gun on a federal officer
almost killing my 1yo brother
Today I fucked up by traumatizing a 5 year old girl
forgetting how secret santa works
giving my wife the most weird and abstract dirty talk possible.
texting accidentally texting my boss about a disaster at work
downloading Reddit
making a girl cry and than underestimating her because of it.
wearing shorts to my tree trimming job.
TIFI by almost dying in the shower
Bullying A Boy In Front of His Mom
killing a bug in my bathroom
heading to a clothing optional beach
drinking the night before and having beer shits.
cleaning out my ears with only cotton swabs for 20 years.
not closing some curtains and putting on the worst sex show ever
asking a woman for her phone number face to face for the first time in my life
letting a fire start in my college dorm
having a doctors appointment by video call
I told a seven year old that he would die of cancer
showing my friends my dick on omegle
singing in the shower because I thought I was alone
not paying attention.
Opened up my knee on an escalator
drinking pepsi that a man with AIDS spat in
getting hot sauce up my nose
falling asleep while masturbating in my living room
letting someone help me with the worst dog-sitting experience ever.
grabbing a girl's ass during a hug
forgetting to wash my hands after making dinner
and shipped a package wrong
asking my boyfriend when his grandfather was going to die
letting my cat smell my canned pears to show him it wasn't cat food ...
making one of my coworkers realize his father died by hanging himself
seeing if the door at work would slap someone's ass who was standing right behind it
joking about pedophilia on Reddit
being alive.
curving my crush twice in one night
I'm no psycho but...
leaving my mum in my room
using earplugs to fall asleep.
trying to move my fish tank
sleeping over at a date's house
vomiting during a presentation
punching my abusive dad
texting a scammer and having my gf thinking im cheating
trying to bake a pie
accidentally freezing my bong water last night
air vomiting (insane level of burping) on a COVID nurse
getting scammed $50
doing my cat a solid
doing “work” on Christmas
trying to make amends
when I trespassed a friend's relatives property
“going bi” on tinder to find a bench spotter
How I have been stuck wearing a particularly NSFW skin suit for three days.
Accidentally used someone elses mask...
ripping my nipple
not Letting it fall
buying a bike
trying to brew my own beer
calling my FIL is hideously ugly in our family chat
No Thanks
letting my partner get a golden shower
บัว-นลินทิพย์ น้ำใจงาม ช่วยสู้โควิด-19
mishearing a girl’s name as Da Meat
covering myself in my boyfriend's pus
spending over 1K on TVs and headsets
forgeting to turn my camera off.
making salsa while on my period
rolling up ankle length pajama pants to wear under my knee length school skirt
Attempted to fix my laptop
Unfair advantage with a professor
leaving milk in my friends car
trying to be clever and hiding porn masturbating in front of a giant window
loosing 2 keys I was supposed to return to landlord in 2 different, FU'd ways.
agreeing to enter a girls dorm
picking a fight with my older brother
buying 156$ worth of used books
showing my sick kid a picture of a naked bear...
trying to be cute with my boyfriend
washing my asshole with dish soap
playing through the entirety of the original Halo trilogy with a mouse still in the original shrink-wrap.
cutting my finger on a tomato slicer
including a typo in my resume cover letter, which talked about how detail oriented I am.
Common RO water purifier problems that require repair + how to solve them
By letting My cousin on fortnite
ruining my wife's Christmas
tracking shit into my apartment.
spilling water on my chin in front my boss
because autocorrect doesn’t like me
laughing about Australian Wildfire
making my conspiracy theorist colleague paranoid
for inadvertently calling my wife a fatass....
being excited about a job offer
failing at being a side piece and cutting my balls in the process
getting stoned and texting my girlfriend’s mom “Ass Penis Ears”
believing a person which ended up in me getting ARRESTED.
posting the wrong link in a work zoom chat
listening to my gay friends
purchasing a girls groceries for her
drinking ketamine at school
getting banned at my favorite bar for pranking everybody there at the same time
only asking for not asking for contact info from a girl on "ome.tv"
making a joke at the gas station
taking too many edibles and having a psychotic breakdown in my bathroom at 4 AM
telling the local ice cream girl that my best friend and I are a couple
My Glasses
falling of a chair
Piercing
blasting my dad.
verifying I was good to graduate and then being charged with cheating
Letting My Mom Find Porn on My Phone
getting my hand stuck in a rat trap
Staying at Random Guys House
on our first date by ruining the moment of our first kiss, twice.
showing family a Reddit post
This was a strange day
eating almost a pound of sunflower seeds... including the shells...
getting my finger stuck in the wall in the airport bathroom.
when I sent Ying Yang Twins lyrics to a coworker
kissing my son's ass
taking my iron pill and green tea extract at the same time on an empty stomach
not taking a shower or washing my face
being so bad at sex that my tinder date tried to kill herself
melting chocolate on the sofa under my butt
buying a non-birthday present
putting in my wedding ring after being divorced for months...
risking my job for a MANDATORY covid shot
accidentally making egg-flavored cupcakes
making a “Virgin Scientists” Instagram page and then direct messaging Carl Sagan’s daughter.
dreaming about my cat dancing showering while my friend was drunk
talking to a fellow Redditor on Whatsapp
I fucked my 3ds
with a small gesture to show how much I care how busy and tired you are.
The seal came loose
Letting my Mental Disorder win.
Today I Fucked Up by missing a call from an unknown number
letting my friend use my Bike!
sending a pornhub link
accepting a request to have a sleepover
Called the cops on my eggs
St Louis murder rate is highest it's been in over 50 years
submitting the wrong cover letter for 30+ job applications
telling my mom i came on the bed
peeing on my cat.
losing my 2 year old daughter and when I found her she ate my prize
not taking a selfie for my father
FUCK THIS SHITTY SUB.
Thought this was the best option for vacations but maybe not
sharting on my 5 year old.
giving my boss his Father's Day present
Drug testing
doing something NSFW that cannot be described in a title
doing some side work for my dealer, getting fired twice in 10 days and having to deal with the police.
trying to surprise my wife for her birthday and almost getting divorced
wearing the wrong colours
Imitating Fraud
sending my class my anime episode list instead of my email
By going on a Bus
falling for an online scam because I was thinking with the wrong head...
I accidentally added a SnapChat story to my story when it was meant to be sent to someone
Ok now that that is out of the way IT'S CALLED T O D A Y I FUCKED UP NOT 2 MONTHS AGO I FUCKED UP
running a red light.
hiding from gf's brother in garden
wishing a happy day to a person who lost their dad
I just wanted to pay a compliment.
going down on a girl who was gassy
trying to cut my hair 2 days before my grandfather’s funeral
not attending my science class for over a month, and not doing any work, and not even doing a test.
having the name Richard
suddenly turning stupid as a brick during my college interview
running away from my university
I flashed my two female friends
asking a r/PAN streamer to write the word bruh
not taking care of my teeth
treating my nerve pain
forgetting that I had an old fire alarm on top my fridge and thinking I was going crazy
telling an ex friend to get fucked
accidentally calling my ex and literally shitting myself
bcuz i have bad / fake friends
being friendly in Walmart
making a friend
trying to to do "the man thing"
moving the mouse trap instead of putting it outside
for trusting car dealerships
My parents finding out I dropped out of university
sorting by new
showing my RA a picture of my friends with underage alcohol
How I taught a dog to sit on command.
cravings edition
offering advice
calling into work.
introducing myself by the wrong name.
Google stalking a coworker
scrubbing my toilet with steel wool
when juvenile customer food revenge backfired, didn't backfire
getting turned on by TSA
eating a whole wasabi packet
not terminating my contracts
cheating on the love of my life
walking my cousins dog while not paying attention. And then a dog fight happened
yelling at my current boyfriend in front of my ex-boyfriend.
having a headache and being "useless" so my dad beat me
not wanting to die alone and catching the wedding bouquet
asking a French girl what she thinks of the Chinese.
I lost something worth 5000 euros.
cussing my little sister while on the phone with college admissions
accidentally implying I was pregnant at a wedding rehearsal dinner with all my in laws
attempting to kill a spider in the bathroom using bleach and rubbing alcohol
assuming my managers gender
losing over $200
made a mess on my dog
sleeping with the windows open
making a 97 year old man cry
a marriage
making a joke when I thought no one was around
wearing christmas leggings after christmas is over.
Years of 3rd shift and melatonin caught up to me
doing my math homework half asleep
using the electric razor in the upstair bathroom
projectile vomiting in my mom's room.
infamously sleep-texting, again
dropping the watermelon on the front porch
Few months ago i drank hydrogen peroxide
at work when I used an Asian accent to someone who is Asian.
ITFU by having an intensely embarrassing phase in high school.
I got fired from my job because I sad nice to a 69 joke. (OP gave me the rights too cross post)
with a pregnant waitress
telling my girlfriend that I don’t love her
not bringing headphones to work (lighthearted)
today i fucked up by running into a brick wall
presenting my ass to a grocery store full of innocents
asking someone to hit me
for doing the sex with my titty MILF GF
visiting the Garfield Subreddit.
buying Used Panties and Socks online.
opening my Reddit secret Santa gift while walking my dogs and then realizing it was actually the Sex toy I ordered
sending an "Officer Down!" meme to my friend who's step dad was a cop who died in the line of duty.
denying the Holocaust
or today I realized I f-Ed up for 13 years
taking my child (3M) to the library
going fast on a bike
running across the hotel hall naked at the work possible time.
calling my neighbour by her secret nickname.
and ended up almost totally paralyzed below the waist
Telling The Hospital Staff I Had Mental Health Issues
eating a strong brownie after skipping an exam and my mum was alerted by the school
Autocorrect made me look bad
uploading my whole phone book to somebody else's phone
M20 - messed up my naturally well shaped eyebrows by applying castor oil out of curiosity
smoking weed with a friend and then having my Anti-drug mom finding out.
being an ignorant *potentially offensive*
I am a registered Democrat...
accidentally showing my little brother a picture of bare tits on my phone
trying to feed the birds.
driving without a licence with my drunk friends and got pulled over for speeding.
sharing my salary at the workplace
giving a one night stand a rimjob
freaking out over a snake in the yard
opening reddit
almost pushing my girlfriend away
I Walked In On My Parents Doing The Nasty
Wacking Sticks Together With My Brother
cooking oil, water and noodles and making it explode.
I missed my online collegue test
locking myself in a hot car while my bf had an MRI.
getting immortalized in a legitimate painting butt-naked.
My beard panicked both of us.
fucking dogs and cats for a year and getting arrested for bestiality
well actually my boyfriend, for purchasing and using shampoo in place of conditioner for a long time without notice.
After years and years of using insta,snap etc,  discovering that “SMH” was “shaking my head” and not “SHOW ME HELL”!!!!
forgetting to put sunscreen on my feet...
destroying my digestive system with breath mints.
Friend accidentally saw my nudes
pulling the wrong cord.
in a shocking situation
agreeing to help and forgetting to do so.
not listening to my fiancé properly and thinking she got pregnant by another guy.
almost burning down our shed
scaring away a little boy
locking my phone for 45 hours
making my family think I was racist
Having too big of a Penis  (Sexy Warning!)
Falling in love with a seller and ending it
having sex in my parents' bed and accidentally getting my dad caught in an affair
told my mom she was expiring
trying to prank my girlfriend
breaking my phone
trying to teach my 5 year old how to wipe
being too scared
joking about making an account on a pornographic site with my school provided email and accidentally sending it on the class group chat.
stealing and calling cops on myself
walking around at work with poop on my back for the whole day
I was doing a presentation on abortion
not closing the freezer door
attempting to trim my pubes in shared bedroom
calling an innocent woman Karen in the McDonalds drive through.
doing the sexy sex that was very sexual with my sexual partner
asking my neighbor's son if he'd ever been in a Turkish prison
exposing myself for jizzing on the bathroom carpet to my entire family during Christmas Dinner
The  encountering a woman with 7 chihuahuas
taking to many drugs, packing up my whole life and going to an amusement park
using a license plate as an ice scraper
feeding my rabbit too much?
attempting to trim my pubes
cooking, eating and heading for booty town
being a minor inconvenience to my local CVS pharmacy
ruining the couch with Resolve
talking bi in the ld-class
searching Tai Lopes on google
joking toooooo hard on omegle
I caught my wife f*cking my best mate
choosing to be goalie in our game of Hand ball
Today I fucked up by making a joke
saying “Thank you kind stranger” to someone who opened the door for me.
making an inapropriate joke and being called a “hero” by anti semites
Using My AirPod’s As Hearing Protection
not owning up to my IBS episode
not closing the bedroom door.
saying African American Adding Minecraft Mods to My Chromebook
TFIU by acting like I didn’t speak German
creating another Instagram account.
asking for awards on reddit
IFU.
going a whole day with a blood clot in my arm
not checking out the nutritional facts on a particular protein drink.
celebrating excessively
simply existing with a “Personality Disorder”
giving into my urges
for talking too much with a stranger
screaming Hallelujah in front of a wild pack of pretty girls at my gym
accidentally WhatsApping my husband’s ex after I googled her
almost sexually harassing a woman
giving into my fetish and forcing a hamster to worship my feet
LPT Always check the expiration date on chocolate bars
sounding like a kidnapped a lady’s dog
wishing my crush the death
helping my wife find a job..and becoming her manager.
Made my boyfriend feel gross
calling a Male customer a lady
frying like bacon and gettin’ sun poisoning
teaching myself how to use an electric razor... on my balls
eating a microwave meal that may or may not have been 9 months out of date
making some Karen think I have a bomb in my trunk.
eating questionable food and ending up with an aching ball
accidentally steam cleaning the kitchen ceiling.
Putting Freshly Sqeezed Orange Juice in a Pineapple
Overestimating The Control I Have Over My Own Ass.
missing an oportunity
accidentally sending a kinky picture and texts to my mom
accidentally causing property damage
agreeing to let my GF snowball me. NSFW
becoming a dad
helping a lady and missing my aunts final moments
opening the 'fires near me' app and seeing how fucked Australia is
calling my mums friends husband the wrong name
being introduced to a famous german musician
because I was naked during a zoom call
not checking spam emails
using Veet on my head and then shaving straight away afterwards....
accidentally showing my breast at work.
not realizing I didn’t hang up my work phone and jammed to All Star before realizing I didn’t hang up.
drunkenly cheating on my girlfriend
downloading porn on my phone and my parents finding out about it
offering hot chocolate to a vegan
accidentally causing the pandemic
My hamster was killed do to my own stupidity
actually following the public health guidelines
My friends fuck up at work
not registering as job seeking
not doing my business earlier.
making a video exposing racism and lack of education in Poland, got a massive backlash from polish patriots
confused my resume with my erotic MLP fanfiction.
text-bombing my gf spilling water on my laptop
finding the wrong thing in the fridge
and elbowed my wife
convincing my dad that ‘Touching Tips’ is the term used for connecting on LinkedIn.
trying to convince a girl to cancel a party by calling her an animal.
being the first in line
i got banned because of stupitidy and i regret it./(there will be 2 more)
yelling "Big-up the KKK" in earshot of a black family.
getting married in Vegas while drunk
trusting my girlfriend with Ben Wa Balls
drinking and asking embarrassing questions
sawing the head off a 37 year-old My Little Pony doll with a butterknife too quickly
Tifo by dating cousin with the girl i met on tinder
trying to save a naughty video on snapchat memories
testing my webcam on class
leaving the floor wet at work
going to Zoom church AKA oh dear lord, the pancakes!
Eating Two Whole Boxes Of Laxative Sweets
taking a shit like what the fuck
dropping my phone in the toilet this morning
accidentally convincing a 6 year old that there is a man in a van giving out free puppies.
using my girlfriends sisters suicide in an argument
My alarm didn’t make any noise this morning and I think I’m going to lose my job.
When I farted 5 seconds before my guests came to the house
not knowing how earrings worked and ripping my ear open
F
Rollercoaster incident
jumping into a parade and putting my arm around a stranger.
turning off the entire air conditioning of the building and punishing the entire workforce in scorching heat of may.
sitting next to the wrong people
leaving school because I thought it had ended
blowing up my own car.
sending an NSFW link to our work group chat
asking my wife to dry my man parts with a hairdryer after a shower
getting my account permanently suspended because admin thought I was a pedo
taking clients to a strip club
having big sex a lot
By trying to "wax" my legs
driving a “homeless” man to get a part for his bike
accidentally snorting chewed up Hot Cheetos
I was watching Porn on my school email
eating candy I hadn't had in a decade.
getting misheard in class.
accidentally revealing myself as a degenerate
not turning my phone's Bluetooth off while getting my car repaired.
insulting a blind man and laughing about it
shaving my balls with an old school safety razor
trying to use a breadmaker.
by breaking my coworker leg and costing him a surgery
talking to a boy and his best friend at the same time.
booking with Priceline and having my car shot at
reading, *The 120 days of Sodom*, worst thing I have ever read.
when I willing drank fermented camel milk in Mongolia
being a bad voter
buying milk at the grocery store
falling off of a driving tractor
knoking down my father(what should I do?)
Today I fucked up by reading a manga dj about twins!
not completely closing my balcony door and my cat getting out.
Asked a blind person what someone looked like
My Neighbors Probably Think I Am a Crazy Alcoholic
blacking out and cheating on my girlfriend with my best friend
Texting instead of talking in person
I fucked up by saying “i love you” on the 3rd date after the 1st kiss. Albeit it wasnt meant serious and was delivered in a playful tone. It most likely still was perceived seriously. Would like to know if its still salvageable and why just saying these words is enough to completely ruin attraction
rocking out to pop hits.
losing my play toy
giving my friend the wrong address
cooking Trader Joe's Soy Chorizo in my oven while still inside the plastic casing.
trying to lay down after eating soup
taking Beta blockers before having the worst date of my life
farting in front of my SO, lit a match to mask the smell, it broke and caught her/our couch on fire. Am I going to Hell?
accidentally waterboarding myself
buying a pc that wont display
pulling my first all nighter
giving someone the bird as a thank you.
shaving my package after getting mosquito bites.
I got circumcised at the age of 11 and applied for a private room
letting my dogs outside to go to the bathroom
forgetting to grab the key to my friends place
calling my beautiful match fat as an April fools day joke
making a joke and losing the right to see my daughter
trying to poop while absurdly constipated and ended up having a very spiritual experience that resulted in a panic attack
being honest with my wife.
texting an explicit meme to the wrong person.
when my mother caught me scrolling through reddit.
hiring a civil engineer to help me with my exam
Starting a Fire in My Bed
accidentally voting for a Democrat
telling my new manager I'm a pervert
peeing in a jacuzzi hot tub
By wasting roughly the last 15 years of my life.
using flour tortillas to wipe my ass.
turning left at a green light way too soon with zero regard for my fellow drivers. Luckily, there were no wrecks, but we were a millisecond away from one.
trying to hold a knife after I dropped it l making it spin in the air like an Olympic Gymnastic Athlete...
surprising my wife with dinner.
this sub is a bunch of attention whores with mediocre made up stories.
Saying No
not knowing the difference between food and edibles
clogging my phones headset jack with a qtip and some grinch green colored pencil
Today I fucked up by watching porn as a maniac having to end up factory resetting my phone.
Wristband wont come off... fuck
offering a bag of dog droppings as candy to some kids
getting a stereotypical nerd to participate in my fetish for being strangled by nerd thighs
rubbing my girlfriends feet
เปิดกรุชัยชนะ 10 ไฟต์สุดโหดของ "ไมค์ ไทสัน"
not printing up coarse stuff i need to hand in tomorrow
trying to convince my friends they were mispronouncing a word even though I was
actually falling in DEEP SHIT
charge my phone and eat hot chip
brusting out laughing with tears at my friend's dad funeral.
when I accidentally said something in my online classes instead of our Discord voicechat
being a controversial Norwegian
In which I lose a battle of wits with a bloody toilet!
because I almost got a bus driver fired due to my severe social anxiety
posting that I fed my dog an edible.
trying to be a part of my sons life.
texting about someone in the group chat that they are in
eating 10 snickers...
burning my eyes with jalapeños
almost ripping open my eyebrow because I had forgotten I got a piercing
attempting to kill a spider with bleach and rubbing alcohol
Sooo Im embarassed because of my dad and a meme
first job mistake
accidentally sleeping with my boss
inadvertently making fun of a handicapped person to his face.
almost burned down the train tracks
riding a bike
My fuckup
and got chemical burn on my balls..
getting asked out by 2 girls
Short and Sweet  thinking I recognized someone.
Student found my old account
not using the /s sign and got banned from TwoXChromosomes
eating a ghost pepper in class
being a home invader
telling my friend who took his girlfriend virginity.
asking my fiancee to inject me with insulin
As suggested I have been posting images w/ Imgar I didn't know it was a social media site . They hate me
I was conserving toilet paper after anal because I was running low on TP, so I skipped postcoital enema
accidentally saying "Oh sh*t" inside of my friends church and didn't realize how loud the acoustics of the room we were sitting in were
playing with quizizz names
wet myself in the dressing room
using a vibrator
using n-word in an online chat
shaving my pubes for the first time
can you shut the f*ck up"
Noise sex toy in the bin spooks my mother and dog.
trying to be a good person
saying we celebrate black history month to appease the Democrats
saying someones “contact lenses” were creepy. she had cataracts.
accidentally eating my (guy) friend's ass. I am a straight male.
telling my female friend to refer to me as Senpai.
Lost a tampon, found the tampon
buying 2 gift cards
shitting naked.
I accidentally spilling water everywhere and nearly breaking my hip
trying to wash my sheets
misplacing my fish oil capsules.
Help  maybe accidentally writing a plagiarized discussion reply
letting my emotions take control of me.
not turning on the bathroom lights
eating sticks of butter at a conference
using a dildo as a hat rack
inviting an unknowing friend to an SJW shadow-work workshop
cursing in front of my best friend's mom.
cussing at a little kid at the renaissance fair
I came on my wall.
Boy oh boy did I reddit today!
accidentally climaxing to a video of a child playing
accepting the wrong job
creating a fantasy romance in my head until I made myself physically ill
trusting a small toilet in an old church with my bowels
reverting into a nasty bitch
accidentally taking off a girls bikini top
trying order a McFlurry that’s only available in Australia.
having a big butt!
almost crashing my car
pulling a loaded pistol out in my sleep.
telling my best friend I would never be able to replace her, and then replacing her the same month.
being allergic to weed
mangling one of my dad's packages
I missed 50% of the exsam...I missed 15 pages in my math exam....
spilling blood all over the floor at work 😭😭
jerking off in front of my sister forgetting to зut my username kod on the transaction meaning of my college tuition payment which probably means I don't have any classes to choose from.
Today I fucked up by spending a night at a police station because of my dick
thinking I was big and strong when I am, in fact, neither of those things
not wearing my underwear as I changed into jeans
not offloading my SD card
standing up to my mum.
not reading Venmo’s user agreement and accepting a payment for an electronic device via Venmo.
turning off my headphones too early.
mixing my bottles.
showing porn to a room full of women
procrastinating on underwear purchase...
trying to spin a gun
smashing a toilet on front lawn
jumping into a fight that had nothing to do with me &amp; telling my family about it
working out till I fainted, causing husband to pop his lower back
the Thanksgiving dinner.
encouraging a self imposed challenge involving a bottle and a bum.
linking comapny's IG to FB account
Today I fucked up by not wearing pants
cutting off my fingertip
Poison Ivy and the bathroom
sending a client a sex text between me(30m) and (57f)
accidentally eating my own menstrual blood because I wanted to finger myself for the first time.
because I knew the right answer but wrote the wrong one
letting my mind speak instead of my heart
dripping a sauce pan full of boiling water on myself
I drank too much and got alcohol poisoning
putting the wrong drops in my eye
Waving My Used Condom At a Security Camera
calling my girlfriend "B"
sending a nude video.
brushing my SO’s hair
PSA: If you use Facebook or Oculus products/services, you are supporting a criminal organization
letting lockdown affect my cat's life
ignoring the signs and now it's raining maggots.
saying 'Cunt' in front of my family while playing video games.
Short but deadly Telling a Rude Teacher to F*ck Off
TEFU (today elves fucked up) my sons christmas
watching the movie Taken, on the morning my daughter is going to school in London
not taking off the jewelry before sexy time
carrying a canteen
trying to grow spring onions and cook with them
ruining my brothers laptop.
opening up about my stalker to my boyfriend
laughing at my chemistry teacher
breaking my friend's hand
not using my flashlight in a porta potty
eating Buffalo Wild Wings
I used AXE dark temptation to jerk it
thinking r/trees was a subreddit where people share pics of cool trees
accidentally ordering a pizza with pasta pesto on top.
trying to give stuff almost for free.
By wearing ~$250 shoes on a 3 mile hike.
hopping on Among Us
Culture makes it worse
unintentionally shooting a middle aged man in a shop with a BB gun
ลุ้น ซีรีส์จีน "ลิขิตรักไข่มุกมังกร"
purchasing a Fairy Wand off eBay
going home, jacking off, and getting exposed by Discord.
kicking the sh*t out of my cat
Got angry at my mum when she just 3 hours before found out a childhood friend passed away.
hitting a fat vape
telling my boyfriend I hate him
Eating an Apocalypse Scorpion Pepper
petting a russian gangsters smooth door
making a dick joke about mt FIL
Bleeding Out During Oral
I actually drank disinfectant
accidentally mocking a kid that might have a disability
not knowing that ‘instagram stories’ shows who viewed their stories
being a noob to zoom meeting.
Telling about what to do
accidentally farting in my sleep with my dog next to me
accidently screenshotting intense porn
sneezing in my cats face
falling in love with my best friend and risking her marriage
almost getting into the wrong car after work
letting a random person into my apartment
running outside from a shower for a fire drill
Called 911 on an innocent man
accidentally sending a bag of dicks to a pastor
laughing at a joke
When a Stranger Peed on My Floor
my anal adventures by clogging a toilet.
The Beer Shits
telling a customer she look like a dead girl
Oof
and now I’m sitting next to fire in my backyard with a case of Smirnoff.
Accused man of stealing my cat
Always have a plunger at home
speaking my mind to my partner.
scaring my boyfriend and not realizing how it would hurt me
sleeping with my semi-sister
being broken up with over a post
posting a that wasn't sexual.
getting too excited getting my first motorcycle
as I got caught watching porn with my dick in my hand by my GF
When I went numero two at a house showing.
TDIFU by thinking that my car was in reverse.
being a ID Thief?
pavloving myself.
swan diving into my friend’s head
ignoring my intuition and getting 370$ stolen from me by a scammer.
stuffing my face with edibles before dinner with my wife’s parents.
telling everyone that I had an erection.
masterbating outside
failing to jump over a lab table
with nair
giving sick fiancé a piss wrag for her forehead.
having a "baked" goods exchange with my neighbor
talking to my mom on speakerphone trying to help
posting my naked boobs to my Instagram story on Christmas for all 2000 of my followers to see.
forgetting the condom.
forgetting my gf birthday, we're in a long distance relationship.
locking myself out of the house during a Canadian winter, and having to smash my way back in.
throwing a dead mouse.
eating too many Stevia butterscotches and shitting everywhere.
accidentally adding an Al-Qaeda member on Snapchat
having an itchy ear and planning a thoughtful gift for my wife causing her to storm out to her brothers house.
transferring user data to my new switch not realizing it doesn't send save data. I lost all my shiny pokemon and my animal crossing island I been working on for 5+ months.
getting a lapdance
paying for the worst massage at a sex shop without any sex
Had a cold brew and a caffine pill off Amazon before a midterm
saying I feel like my grandma's sudden death falls on us.
being honest to my wife.
telling my dad I thought my mom’s neurological nurse was hot
making a meme page aabout weed and making my parents think I am a drug addict
going out for a beer with friends
nearly) because I didn't empty my pockets
Yws
Casual Fuck up
ignoring a pimple for wayyyy too long
startling my cat
inhaling my own shit and almost dying (NSFW)
listening to the Chip Chipperson podacast at work NSFW
getting fired for the first time in 4 years
accidentally trying to smuggle a cap gun onto a flight.
sleeping through someone’s birthday party
posting a WhatsApp status and my teacher had seen it.
pooping on my grandson
accidentally clicking on a tweet in front of my girlfriend
killing hundreds of tadpoles
getting the ambulance called because i saw a tiny green bug
optimizing girlfriend time
Sexualizing Food
not realizing i was in a community with gallow
taking the wrong symbol from the queue
trying to cook before my morning coffee
Today I fucked up by trying to ride my skateboard.
fondling myself after chopping jalapenos
I accidentally tagged a random guy on my friends list on a girls pic on facebook
giving a blowjob
posting my science pictures for class and forgetting to check them first
doing a line
giving my partners father out of date beer... I don't know if he likes me now
learning how Social media works
letting my son go in a cult disguised as a cult
My Account was hacked
I joined a giveaway on discord
showing up to work when I wasn’t scheduled
quitting my job in pursuit of a better one, right before the quarantine.
putting a screw driver through my hand as a child.
Western vs Asian Flirting/Touching
accidentally destroying a pound of an MS-13 gang members hash.
accidentally posting in a troll subreddit.
pre-gaming and crashing a funeral
posting a picture of me and my new dog before telling my parents
TIU by changing my tax exemptions
I hurt my wrist yesterday doing some gardening and got called a wanker today
shaving my pubes over a slightly blocked toilet.
Ugly Sweater Winner
not being able to tell a dream from reality and not knowing how to eat a crab.
getting head (M,19)
wearing myself thin then trying to get a tattoo
thinking I washed my hands properly after cutting a bunch of habaneros
starting a fire in a restaurant.
what next generation console are you looking forward too? PlayStation 5 or Xbox Series X?
Getting Kissed by a Sealion
I got a bruise that looked like a hickey now i'm in trouble
losing a game I invested 6 years on and now i feel like I wasted all that on nothing
kissing my girlfriend in public
almost faceplanting the ground in the middle of the morning traffic.
accidentally telling my buddy to dump his GF
mispronouncing Niger
LPT/ not checking the emails
drawing a dick in class
missing the internet guy during a lockdown.
smearing my semen on my bed for years
playing soccer in a storm. Good times did not follow.
farting directly into my father-in-laws mouth
joining a teams meeting with a weird background.
making an ant colony in my bedroom
Take adult pills for your safety ,Remember safety first for your happy life
getting together with my brother-in-law and making our assholes kiss
deciding to watch YouTube on the toilet.
using a soggy tortilla as a paper towel
letting the money from a welfare fund be used for the benefit of the owners of the company.
forgetting to request my unemployment benefits
creating chloramine gas while cleaning the bathroom
eating cereal during night-time
I almost killed myself by eating an unknown plant.
asking my gf to call me Daddy
my parents finding my most interesting sex toys
blowing a whistle at the shittest time
swan diving into my roommate’s head.
posting my guitar teachers music on reddit.
drinking a rootbeer while driving.
having birthday sex with my Girlfriend
accidentally letting my mom see my horrid art
posting my worst picture to the internet
I got high and my wife might divorce me.
selecting wrong input method, and being nude in front of whole online class while thinking they were seeing a recording of me attending the class
telling a Yo Mamma joke
not exchanging important contact information with my girlfriend who is now missing abroad in Toronto
being dumb.
saving my brother from a monster
making salsa
Drop tools off at nan who then forgets we did and phones police
impersonating a talking dog during sex
accidentally spraying salad dressing all over the kitchen
playing the coffin dance meme song while someone died
insinuate my teacher takes drugs
drinking a beer
trying to talk to a girl
not looking under the tent
pissin
trying to eat regurgitated fibre supplements thinking it was fries.
accidentally stealing my neighbor’s dog
making fun of a guy running in the park.
faking a bad stomach and ended up having an operation
reading the Lord of the Rings aloud during a company-wide Zoom call. I was unmuted.
calling out my friend Blackest Star, and his mom (and maybe him ) heard “black as tar”
applying the wrong flea medication to the wrong animal.
not reviewing a for sale posting
dousing my arms in Mineral Spirits.
rolling down a hill
standing to close to the ocean
By marrying my bff... of same sex.
tripping on my driveway and going into pain shock
4 year old me told a Police Officer my parents were drunk drivers.
Didn't believe my friends about whitehouse dot com
blowing on a strangers ear
not washing my balls for months.
accidentally spicing up my sex life.
trying to go to sleep
banging my girlfriend while her Dad was in the other room paying my student loans
bending over to my car
https://www.reddit.com/r/comments/k522fx/looking_for_fun_trade_nudes_kik_meroxy20/
My dad unknowingly got a girl from my school, who I don't even know, into DEEP shit with her dad
putting a car in reverse at 70mph
annihilating a wall
misunderstanding my grandpa for my entire life
tricking a pedophile to going into going to Paris
asking a girl to go for a stinky poo and not a drinky poo.
This happened about 3 hour ago. Never going to that bar again...
pls
calling my roommates mom a cum dumpster
eating all the cheeseballs made for 4 people to prove a point, which later became a literal pain in my ass.
Cuz my wife thinks I’m a pedo
losing my shit at an antivaxxer.
letting my mom get rid of my favorite bra cause I was embarrassed
responding rudely to a person's profile on a matrimonial website.
making Stuffed jalapeños without gloves
Yesterday I went to my favorite bbq place and I always get a bottle of specialty hot sauce for cooking later. Today I realized I threw it out with my takeout bag😥
calling my punctual tutor at 4 in panic
buying cocain in my sleep and doing bumps. It got my heart rate going and I woke up several hours earlier than normal. Being on quarantine going on a week I don’t really have much to do. Don’t do non existent drugs in your sleep kids.
telling a kid not to run with his arms in his shirtand nearly ruined a vacation and my life by being a sweat in sports with the family
throwing Chapstick in the car while dad was driving then laughing about it.
stepping in the nastiest thing I have ever heard of
not checking the towel before showering.
accidentally doing a sex
accidentally giving my death brother a boner
playing the worst song at the worst time.
accidentally exposing my penis in front of my mum
The best way to work on your approach with women and how to become successful with women
killing the wrong person
and embarrassed myself in a library
telling my gf that she has a spot on her underwear
not paying attention while trying to set my alarm.
going to McDonald's and asking for a "grande" coffee instead of a medium coffee.
accidentally getting way too close to a moose.
cooking steak
saying business up front party in the rear.
being taught the wrong word for cherrypicker cranes
spraying my daylilies for aphids
shitting myself violently
posting CP on Facebook when I was 11 and getting the house searched by police.
dropped a beer in a convenient store like "superbad" which shattered and spilled everywhere (while wearing yeezy's)
thinking it was a good idea to eat an entire tub of onion dip in one sitting.
Accidentally exposed myself to a stranger.
wearing underwear
My period leaked through my light blue scrub bottoms and I didn’t notice until the end of my shift.
drinking a whole pot of ultra slimming tea
making a 6 year old sit in the cold
forgetting I had too little milk.
saying the n-word at a G-Eazy concert
being shirtless in a zoom meeting for a solid two minutes.
Spending thousands of dollars on an apartment I didn't want
confusing my recruiter's name wrong in my thank you email. May have just ended my own career before even starting it.
teaching my toddler to say DIE PIG
USING MY PHONE WHILE SWIMMING
playing Rebecca Black's "Friday" for my kids.
going Bungie jumping high on weed
2 purple spots on my cheeks (on my face)
telling someone my old Reddit Username
showing my dad a rickroll
locking myself outside while home alone
not knowing how percentages and tips work
telling my club sponsor I was having “cancer history issues”
When My boyfriend is not sowing up to the dance
telling a lady I hope she finds her dead son
sending my mom a PH link
telling my friend I was born through a C-section
starting my day off getting angry before getting out of bed.
overdosing on zinc and going to physical therapy
being an anonymous witness in an article for a public school newspaper
typing the N-word on the match chat in COD
telling my coworker his mom was out of order
cutting my penis and squirting blood all over my girlfriend
accidently dropping my phone into a public toilet.
not using PayPal
insulting my friends face
inviting a group of women over at my friend's place
breaking a girls arm
calling out a person with cancer for their electronic voicebox
accidentally dropping and kicking my friend's baby.
burning my ass and balls (NSFW)
checking the location of my estranged husband on the “Find My” app
trying to look for jewelry
when my father saw my erection.
licking a tampon
asking a girl at work to set me up with someone.
I showed the almost the whole upper class my bare butt
accidentally roasting my friend to their faceafter accidentally roasting my friend to their face
having my first time
drunkenly pointing and laughing at a girl who I thought was giving a guy a blowjob on the street
I ate a cream cheese bagel for breakfast.
telling my girlfriend to calm down during an argument
going to a website I really shouldn’t have gone on
How to make fantasy manifest-a combination of fusion electric power and superpower batteries
By leaving a pee bottle for someone else to deal with.
eating kitty litter
pranking my CEO and causing a $2 Million wire to be cancelled.
not checking my messages before I send them
having a massive vape cloud float in front of all my coworkers
Telling my friend his girlfriend tried to cheat on him
I embarresed by yelling yaaaaa!!!
FFTACWAIFU by being in a relationship that would end badly and fuck my life up
sleeping with married man for 6 months and telling his wife last night
not washing my hands before going to the Bathroom.
mixing Pepsi, Monster, and Milk
drawing some male
asking my friend to get my glasses to work
not understanding english
clicking on a friends twitter account.
taking 300mg Diazepam and going into my office job
having the reading comprehension of a 1st Grader
I arrested the wrong guy
ruining 4th of July
buying condoms for the first time as a catholic
hardcore masturbating
Speaking up about my mental health
accidentally posting nudes on facebook...
getting both stoned and wasted on a date
being rude on a bus
looking at my father in law’s Facebook page
telling my best friend that i really want to have sex with him
showing my friends my 'My Eyes Only'
locking my keys in my truck but ended up unfucking it
licking an alcohol swab.
insulting my wife’s uncle at his dads funeral
getting stoned AF on tobacco
washing and cutting my penis, and going to the ER.
honking at my boss and her husband at the light.ANTIDOTE TRAP HOUSE
running into wall
leaving the freezer door open.
nearly concussing myself during a Phantom of the Opera show
trying to help speed up the process... (NSFW)
accidentally posting a suicide note and disappearing for a couple of hours
not returning my library books
trying rectal with my spouse
having sex with my neighbors lawn mower.
Had a fire, sprayed myself with pickled eggs and ripped my pants all before I brushed my teeth...
TRYING TO FOLLOW A GIRL HOME FROM THE BUS STOP
being impatient
not realizing cell phones can get dirty
telling my friend my brother just came from Italy.
I spat on my teacher
buying my nephew a hoverboard
taking a dump in a nursing station bathroom and almost evacuated the place
Beyoncé and Megan Thee Stallon will be the top Grammy nominations for 2021
burying the beans in the woods
Sat next to my friends boyfriend on the bus
getting drunk on the balcony.
saying "Elon Musk might take us to Uranus" during a Impromptu speech in school
cutting my chin
getting caught going down on my girlfriend for the first time by her father
relapsing
forgetting how mail works.
fuck gallowboob
What do you think happens after we die??
sleeping with AirPods in my ears
I got soap in my eye in the shower
bladder control
muting my mic
Site business
being a liar
Broke off my last friendship so now I’m completely alone
eating a shit ton of cookies for thanksgiving and then smoking a lot of weed
TIUP by not listening to my gut feeling and drinking chunky milk.
saying I had a little cold in the hospital
opening expired beer
ʖ|| ᓭ⍑╎ℸ ̣ ℸ ̣ ╎リ⊣ ╎リ ᒲ|| !¡ᔑリℸ ̣ ᓭ ᒲ╎↸ ↸ᔑℸ ̣ ᒷ.
letting my kids try out an "adult" card game
almost losing all of my hair and possibly dying.
eating way too many edibles
$500 mistake
being hygienic
wearing a hoodie to my interview
In my quest to create more space I broke steam
puking on my dog during a walk.
microwaving a freezer PB&amp;J
getting second degree burns on my vagina
gagging towards a lesbian couple
I didn't send the dog out of the room and got cock blocked. And experienced the frustration of sex after 40.
but atleast I made a Billiant Effort
getting too angry at my daughter, and now I feel bad, but I'm not entirely sure if I'm being too lenient
clogging a toilet in the middle of nowhere and my new boyfriend is in the next room HELP
falling in front of a whole class
roasting my account teacher while he was in the meeting.
making a joke in class about my chemistry professor’s girlfriend preferring he keep his fingers.
sending my landlord a step-by-step instruction of how to ruin his life
arguing with my brother
trying to order a McFlurry that is only available in Australia.
Trying to find my scammer and harass him on Steam.
not donating Pokimane enough money on her livestream
confusing a singer with that country's prime minister
having french fries late at night
not working out my legs for 6 months
running my Airpods Pro through the wash
going to the school nurse
upsetting an old dude in an Audi but have no idea what I did.
Rubbing toothpaste on my balls
saying "She will suck you"
laughing at my grandma
accidentally swiping left on my middle school crush from 8 years ago on tinder
trying to help a disabled child as they fell from a moving vehicle.
accidentally joking about my friends dead cat.
Layer down in cat vomit, and broke my glasses washing my bed sheets
Going Hunting on 3 and a Half Hours of Sleep, and Forgetting My Gun on the top of My Car.
using toothpaste that made my gums melt
calling a pro-choicer a, "stupid piece of Quar'an garbage" when she was Middle Eastern. She doxxed me and her followers reported me too the school and principal for hate speech and cyberbullying.
eating leftover “bolognese”
Having Virtually No Knowledge of Automobile Makes/Models
leaving my sunroof open ..... again
asking a customer to draw a Nazi symbol on a piece of paper
sitting on my keys and ending up with a wet bum
telling a female cashier at a Spanish grocery store to, “chupa mi pito”
hiding from my parents that i have had a ear plug deep in my left ear(not visible) for well over 5 years and have still not told them.
asking my manager if she had a Snapchat premium?
standing up to my workplace bully
changing the settings of my lucid dreaming mask so that it would loudly play the FF7 victory fanfare whenever I started a REM cycle and then entering REM 37 times in one night.
accidentally outing myself to my mum
using my wife's pen
announcing that my baby's diaper change would be "quick and easy."
Buy Yelp Reviews - 5 star 100% Nondrop legit Safe &amp; Guaranteed
laughing at something a customer said.
pissing off my 13yo neighbor
I got a racist tattoo
using hair removal on my face before reading Warning:do not use on face or sensitive areas
thinking i had a friend
texting my mom a screenshot of an anime porn while discussing assisted living options for my grandad.
making an insensitive joke that relates to my friend
having sex nearby a public area
trying to turn bolts the wrong way.
flipping a dumptruck
destroying my car backing out of my garage
sitting on the couch
I broke my dad's ebike he just got today
forgetting my cakeday
accidentally telling my cousin through text that her dad died.
when I couldn’t come for a long period of time during the first time having sex with gf leading to permanently raised expectations.
not taking better care of my recently jilted mate.
forgetting Fahrenheit exists
4 words ruin my day and i dont know what will happen tomorrow
going crazy with Ambien , benzos , numeg and bupropion
forgetting about my Shrek screensaver
leaving my laptop unintended.
grossly overestimating a women’s age, to her.
cyberbullying my mom about my wifi
accidentally hijacking someone's IG account
sleeping with my crush's bestie
being a pyromaniac and burning paper
leaving nudes on a borrowed tablet for my SO’s whole religious family to see
Not Disconnecting Bluetooth
thinking I was a really slow and unfit runner
procrastinating and neglecting important exam study.
accidentally calling an ambulance
not planning carefully and left myself without food
being rude to a customer (UPDATE)
OOPS
accidentally coming out to my entire family during my master's degree graduation
in 1994
playing Witcher without considering all of the ramifications of my technologically-rich lifestyle
failing my drivers license test a second time.
plugging in a Glade Plug In upside down for months
Tick by needing the lotion.
not properly checking the passport rules of travelling to Kenya, throwing $30,000 dollars down the drain.
dropping my wedding ring in the Brisbane River
letting my best friend ‘beat me up’
not realizing what erasers were called in other countries.
asking to have a day off over Christmas
getting wasted (nsfw?)
¿muchachos que harían si...?
ruining a sheep’s day
masturbating as a muslim
acidentally eating a ants
going into the opposite gender’s bathroom
playing capture the flag in the dark
slacking during work and now it’s due and I have done close to nothing:):
telling a girl to take off her top
when I accidentally clicked the follow button on my boyfriend's reddit account.
telling my brother and my best friend that I want to kill myself
drinking my boyfriend's leftover wine
BiBitcoinS
getting hit by a car (I forgot the tldr rule)
making my friend feel 10x worse about getting ghosted
posting my asshole on my snapchat story
forgetting my birthday.
loving cucumber soap and farting.
texting in the shower
ordering a Macca's iced coffee on a day full of meetings
i lost my grandpa's inhaler and money! 😥💔
accidentally dropping and kicking my friend's baby
trying to make the most of a lost wallet
buying a PS5 from FB Marketplace
wanting to see over a fence.
forgetting to close my snakes cage.
crushing a students dreams
making the "right" call
Sending nudes in a gc
getting addicted to huffing my own farts in highschool
having a farting fit while getting head
I have less than one month to give 8 exams
TIGU by face planting onto the kitchen floor at work, landing myself a double black eye
trying to show off at dinner!
making a chili snack
tester
leaving my window open.
Dormer Fire
Pinching Off My Stream Early Pinching Off My Piss Stream
NSFW  not knowing where my mom was and her seeing my screen
FINALLY realizing I need XL condoms!
broke my school chromebook
popping a huge pimple
almost walking into a trap.
Exposed myself to best friend.
having poo problems.
getting caught by my teacher watching prank call
assuming someone’s gender/sexuality
Don't ever threaten someone who knows you online
sending my Grandmother the Butter Dog song.
completely forgetting to study for an exam that I had 1 week to prepare for.
permanently locking myself out of my Instagram account
having a wet dream while on vacation with my aunt’s family
thinking the price of fashion was pain
sent a NSFW pic to the wrong person
shitting my pants the first time I saw my girlfriend naked.
A series of unfortunate events
assaulting my girlfriend
not knowing the metric system
drinking coffee from a broken-handled mug
yelling "STUMP" next to an amputee
texting the wrong friend individually from a group chat
simultaneously burning the vast majority of my friendships.
eating my homemade linzer cookies
calling the cops on my neighbor for trying to break into her own house.
asking my friend's girlfriend if 'size matters', now my friend hates me after his girlfriend's response.
going on reddit
Got screwed over when financing a car.
getting my dad hooked on a book that is definitely NOT age appropriate.
driving a motorcycle and driving into incomming traffic (Near death experience)
sleeping on the spring side of my hybrid mattress for the last two weeks
accidentally watching the first 10(ish) minutes of Star Wars Episode IX before I watched Episode VIII (Spoilers Alert)
my knee.
The time when my BF got mad at me a concert for few days.
losing my child on an elevator in NOLA
giving myself a haircut
forgetting to put hash browns in my burger
exposing my teacher, making him cry, and almost get expelled in the first week of school.
getting locked in a clothes donation bin
accidentally seeing my mom having $ex
wasting my morning on YouTube plan that didn't work
calling my dad a pig (he’s a cop)
holding a turtle.
accidentally eating meat at a party even though I was warned.
using something other than toilet paper
not realizing I had an infection
not using putting tape on the crosses
at work by pooping after eating a cinnamon roll.
blowing up my chance of getting hired
asking to see the oncologist
using inappropriate words during online class not realizing that my Mic was on risking my vision, afraid of looking dumb
my sister walking in while I was watching Robot Porn
FML
letting a customer use the intercom.
offering to join my friend while he drove my other friend home
using icy hot
sending a sex toy link to my mom on accident
having sexy sex time with my sexy girlfriend
being connectef to my airpods while watching some porn when it went silent for a fea minutes. Thats when I realized I connected to the super loud speaker I have outside
starting Lightroom with last folder of nsfw images in front of group of neighbors.
not pulling my handbrake high enough.. I think?
The day i lost my dad lost my trust
sickening my coworkers and getting an old Hispanic lady blamed for it
contributing to my SO's anxiety
unknowingly becoming a third wheel
making my wife cry in the shower
flipping over a trailer attached to a tractor and almost killed 3 people
Cringe Moment At A Friend's Wedding
drinking too much and adding to many skorpion peppers to my dinner.
projectile vomiting on a stranger
Today i fucked up by letting a kid ride my skateboard
accidentally outing myself to my brother and thus probably also to my homophobic mum
being Australian
informing a volunteer program about my medical status
I started choking while practicing the self Heimlich
I hate my life
leaning up to kiss my ex. (NSFW)
to making a racist joke
my eat a pack of donuts riddled with ants.
blacking out on my 21st birthday and flooding my apartment building
letting my cousin pluck my eyebraws
being friendly eek
leaving my wallet at the bar the day before it shut down for quarantine.
trying to moisturize
and got my dog a doggy doorbell that is hooked up to a surround sound system throughout the entire damn house.
washing under my foreskin
Not Noticing a Stink Bug in My Underwear
missing my Aunts funeral.
I ate an entire bag of chocolate chips
suggesting that my classmate uses chicken flavor toothpaste.
almost burning down my building
Harrasing My Ex
shaving my pubes without research
not knowing about browser history.
wearing my new pants
sleep-training my son to my snoring
emailing my colleague pictures of my vagina, asking her to print them!
setting my keyboard to Argentinian Spanish...
actually taking a shot of apple cider vinegar.
showing just how weird I am
Lost a bus and had to walk 8 kilometers
realizing I signed up for the wrong class
not drinking enough water
not cleaning my water bottle
Went to the bank with my mask on and left with a lot of money
standing up to my mum
buying a sticker
suggesting my friend take a photo with her deceased cat.
all in plaster
mixing up my days
posting a NSFW fake story for upvotes
NSFW) by having sex on a shag carpet while drunk
leaving my zipper open, exposing sexy lingerie below to my religious mother and little brother
Accidentally rejected my crush;(
losing my best friend by not answering his call
No men have ever shown interest in me, but I’m not “ugly”
calling my overweight GF Honey Boo Boo
making my class think I didn’t have a dad
almost getting shot in the head trying to watch a fight outside of my apartment.
sexually harassing a TSA agent
Oops on Snapchat
telling my dermatologist I don't shower regularly
using the wrong excuse to avoid a girl
telling my crush that I liked her
Wife booked vacation for the wrong dates losing my closest friend to my life problems...
Closing my Car Door Whilst in Auto-pilot.
up by sending my neighbor my sex toys
letting my 8 year old son use my computer
accidentally eating graphite
impaling myself on a knitting needle
cracking my back too much
pairing my phone to my mum's car
overestimating my chilli tolerance
not knowing how strip clubs work.
making my neighbor think im a nazi
wanting a Nintendo Switch
accidently asking to buy feet pics.
texting a random number while trying to add my friend on Clash Royale (Need help and suggestions on what to do!!)
skipping leg day
emailing a job I got rejected from 6 months ago 5 times in a row 🥴
holding in a HUGE fart in front of my new girlfriend
telling my cousin I don't support trump
wearing the wrong yoga pants to the gym
Breaking up with my 4 year GF after she came to visit me to the USA
saying my husband bff name during sex.
devouring the corrupted Cheezits
Shaving South of the Border
forgetting I was at work in a retail setting
accidentally conditioning my dog to cuddle in the morning swiping right on a girl I was datings roommate.
getting chili pepper in my eyes
giving the wrong directions
Fender bender
accidentally flashing a girl I was living with and startling her into doing the same
spreading a virus all through my workplace
referring to my ex-girlfriend's sister as a controversial video game character.
confidently admitting to my good Christian father I have PH Premium
almost burning down my house with an iPhone
wondering why my dog likes belly buttons so much.
announcing for the last 4 years that I'm in full support of the systematic killing of people with disabilities
taking t3s without food
NSFW By getting caught in the act.
Wife just inadvertently shared me masturbating to inlaws
breaking a power outlet in the kitchen
writing to my crush lots of messages and she didn't like it..
not knowing my own cat
AI accidentally contaminated a strip club with pepper spray
getting swat called on the fire department
using my school acc for reddit
buying tickets to Star Wars Episode IX for 6 guys who don't know too much about Star Wars
I Just Had a Panic Attack
telling my wife to stop arguing.
thinking I had a cancerous mole
My drunk dad almost gettin sucker punched(messing wit me mentally knowing i couldnt protect him)
sucking my girlfriends boob
thinking my boyfriends grandma was going to work. please help. lol
"playing" with my sister against a cousin not realizing it's an legit assault.
drawing a swastika on a piece of paper
throwing sand in my crush's eye.
bringing up some traumatic shit just to hurt my brothers feelings
getting friend-zoned by the girl of my dreams.
sh*tting myself in front of a dates house and never saw him again
falling asleep smoking a joint.
joining Reddit and posting my opinion on a controversial topic with my brand new account.
Guys, today I fucked up really badly. In fact, I really, reaaaally need someone’s help on this. I’m genuinely freaking out.
my relationship with my aunt and uncle
By trusting a fart, shitting myself and needing to be changed by a hot nurse
leaving mobile notifications on
swearing at my son’s Mandarin teacher via Skype
giving a girl chocolates
letting my friend accidentally go onto a **** enlargement website.
angering an entire subreddit with an April Fool’s Prank.
eating bootyhole for da first time
REALLY overdoing it on New Years Eve and calling everyone in my phone
texting my aunt "I love you".
There's enough space between cars I can turn left"
not going straight home
accepting an online date.
accidentley clicking on a tab with titty pictures while my mom was looking.
explaining which is a more painful death
inviting my bf over while dogsitting
playing cards with the wrong girl
having my laptop used for bitcoin mining
agreeing to mow the lawn while not having slept the night before
making out a bit too vigorously in an elevator
Having sex on 2nd tinder date
making my whole school think I killed myself
getting my hand stuck in a doorknob twice
visiting OnlyFans on my work computer
having sexy sex with the sex person
every teenage boys nigthmare
letting my kid play an FPS
bruising my tailbone in the dumbest possible way
leaving my undies at my brothers house
not getting the 5 or more hints
My Discord Server
Cursed on a work call
being new to dating and Paris
buying 11k worth of Pokemon cards
wearing a BLM mask
trying to overclock my computer too much
accidentally sending my dad a questionable picture of my girlfriend
bringing a phone with me into an examination unintentionally
leaving class to buy a sprite remix...
drawing my friend as hentai and potentially ending a friendship.
NSFW] by having a baby
but having my roommate notice that my body isn't doing great
spending weeks writing a play for a contest before bothering to read the rules.
literally living a Stepsister porn scenario
losing control of my bowels and letting a dead guy take the blame
I hit a 5 gallon bucket of shit in the middle of the freeway.
Injecting Test naked.
missing the magnet school period and likely disappointing my dad
not closing my blinds before masturbating
touching someone's leg that isn't my gf
Jsjs
saying the monogram of a character's name to my friends
Made a dumb mistake now probably infected my sibling with the contagion
giving myself long-term tinnitus while trying to prevent it
when i turned down a first kiss
paying it forward
getting caught masturbating to a Lego Princess Leia
By buying a bottle of lube that looked just like my hand soap bottle.
accidentally scamming a girl at a museum
Progressive Farm in Chaz Seattle
UPDATE: by looking through my girlfriend's google drive to make an engagement scrapbook for her, and instead finding a sex tape and nudes from her ex
realizing I self-invited myself to a wedding
giving a really embarrassing presentation.
talking to my 8 year old about her school friends.
cumming while making eye contact with my girlfriend's dad
gifting my friends an album of nude photos and nearly getting shot in the process
and saw my dad’s junk. It was horrible
not stopping shenanigans by my classmates before a pen was used to create another hole in someone’s rear end.
telling a friend they were wrong.
showing a video to my dad and disappointing him
God save me
falling asleep in class.
TOFU by being sick
ordering a cameo for my wife.
ripping off a panel of linoleum in my room with a dildo.
I asked a woman where her baby was.
walking into the wrong tattoo shop
Father-In-Law Caught Me With My Pants Down, Rubbing My Belly
r/ getting myself exposed
I Accidentally send a insult to what I thought were scammers
sending a lewd picture on instagram that got automatically shared in my stories on facebook
giving away a dresser
leaving a ruler in the toilet
Hii iam a new youtube and iam not seeing any growth
being trying to be proactive
giving me roommate a dildo
having kindergarten pictures on my phone
forgetting to remove the batteries
NSFW  shitting all over my couch.
angering a customer
My mom saw an inverted cross bc of me
for getting hurt on a dirt ramp
buying a digital upgrade instead of the actual game
having three packets of Emergen-C
trying to outsource my weight loss to the dark net
asking my boyfriend if he’s a liar.
becoming the creepy guy at work to an underage coworker
having my mom as an authorized user on my bank account
letting a doctor stick an acid stick up my dick without getting a second opinion first.
sending something for my GF to the entire group of friends. ( Help )
making good on a threat my wife made to my daughter but she was actually bluffing and I didn’t know it
turning on my partner
telling Mike Bloomberg he's stinky through a false phone number my friend gave me.
I just found out I'm asymptomatic and gave the sickness to my brother
too frequent usage of headphones and listening to too loud music.
Horse capture gone awry!
forgetting My sister wasnt muted during her online class
My bike got stolen (my fault)
pulling my fly down too far at work
accidentally releasing Dubai roaches in my house
posting in the wrong sub. AMA
Note to self: Your neighbors do not find it amusing when you put on your renaissance outfit and roll your wheelbarrow through the street calling, "Bring out your dead!" at 7a.m.
making a joke about the teacher during class.
trying to kiss the back of my wife’s head...
Today I f’ed up by saying sh*t in the presence of my young cousin.
leaving the hose running
hyperventilating in my mangers bathroom
telling a customer I was actually partially deaf in one ear (I’m not!!!)
having phone sex with my girlfriend
I did a really stupid thing because I’m a stupid person that does nothing but stupid things
calling someone i was getting to know "mama"
holding my new school to my old schools standards.
accidentally having anal sex with my girlfriend's identical twin sister.
using my brothers electric toothbrush to masturbate
not closing the door to the toilet
saying we could host Thanksgiving.
accidentally spraying myself with pepper spray.
Today i snapped my motherboard
Drop off garden tools at nans. She phones the cops.
trying to save money on windshield wiper blades
ordering a present online during Covid
parking in the wrong spot
not having sex with my exGF
Studying Screwed Me Over
accepting a counter offer.
texting my ex in my sleep
Cccgggghxcjkfskfsotfif
posting on reddit
My sleepwalking continues
getting the water out of my ear
leaving a pizza box on the stove.
I am Missing My puppies
masterbating in the disabled toilet
What do you think of this idea? ( 1/2 ) I will add the second half later on.
checking someone out
Hello, can i have your guys opinion on my situation please (im very stressed right now)
Giving My Husband a Blowjob
I Looked at a vagina
Dropped my panty liner in front of my patient
capturing a beaver and wrecking my father's cherished car
Does anyone remember the guy who did the 6 hour anphetamine jerk ?
DAF indépendant à temps partagé
pouring water on a burning candle
eating a curry and destroying the toilet at work.
openly making ridiculous jokes about my penis.
stepping on my dress while walking down the aisle at my best friend’s wedding and flashing 50 people
telling my mother I am questioning my religious beliefs.
accidentally making my wife think I’m cheating
accidentally making a self-h*rm joke about my gf (TW: light mention of self-h*rm)
the last 4 1/2 years of my life
practicing karate
I stabbed myself and copped a COVID swab up the snoz hole
trusting my fertility tracker while cheating on my husband
making mead
Data wiping my phone
So this happened in class
getting a splinter in my dick
Came in my sock today and put it on afterwards. Taking a walk with my kids today
causing a power outage
pouring hand sanitizer into my mask
UPDATE] and lost a tampon inside my body for 2 months.
going for a run in the middle of the night whilst it’s raining and getting locked out of my house.
not staying hydrated
Today I fucked up by not killing a spider quick enough
turning off the projector in class
when my dad walked in on me using my vibrator
with Porn Hub and car insurance.
having sex with my brothers wife and potentially being the father to his son
putting a knife all the way through my finger
Job interview with a soundboard
almost giving my mom a heart attack
trying to skip a tennis ball across the water and losing my engagement ring in the lake
reading
having no idea where I put thing when I'm half asleep continuously
scaring the shit out of myself and burning my pp and hitting my head
taking all of my morning meds at night
and got super finessed by a sex worker.
giving kids candy
not washing my hands.
saying "no offense" to a teacher.
drinking my sister’s coffee
Trusting a Landlord and (not actually) Stealing a Tank
with jalapenos
I told the girl I met 4 weeks ago I love her
thinking my tattoo artist was interested in me
trying to chug hot sauce
trying to post To Much and messing up on the rules. I had to wait 7 minutes to post again.
answering the phone at work
opening a sarcophagus in d&amp;d
almost getting all numbers of the lottery and winning the jackpot
masturbating in the living room while home alone
puke-laughing at a drag show
You are all the things that are wrong with you.
realizing I've been HAVING SEX wrong for a decade
breaking my vibrator
falling out of an open window
forgetting I had sex toys on my amazon wishlist, and sending it to my family.
for totally missing a flight because of an 1am flight.
loudly playing the most sexually explicit Rammstein song in the middle of work accidentally handing the cashier at the petrol station two $10s and a used condom
loudly proclaiming 'all the bl**ks can go to hell'
I can no longer go to this convenience store
mistakenly sending my tentative boss a text message not intended for him
helping my little sisters boyfriend "win a bet"
trying out a new toy while drunk
with a stapler
laminating my marriage certificate
snorting meth for the first time
googling an author to find out when his next book is coming out.
not being capable of giving actual hugs
reporting my friend to childline for sexting
trying to save a huge grasshoppers life
sending gachi memes to my work whatsapp group
making a dirty/funny joke at work
falling over my head in the school bus!
losing a family heirloom
Anger Threats
bringing more water with m than usual while jogging.
letting one of my residents use my bathroom
How bad did you f*** up today
accidentally following my boyfriends ex on Strava and looking like a crazy lady!
placing a live poultry order and inadvertently sounding like a whore.
purchasing the VSCO membership
playing with ice and having my father thrown in prisonantisemitic neighbors
buying a necklace
Trying To Compliment My Wife
drinking dirt bike oil
letting my mom make the Thanksgiving gravy.
not knowing the name of an ice cream
exploding hot oil in my sink
trying to protect my toothbrush from poo particles
buying Party Poppers without knowing what they were
because I’m bad at math
changing the gear on my bike and destroying my ankle
and my dentist is going to be pissed
Letting Our Kitten Sleep In My Bed
I blundered my greatest financial asset
not sucking on a cough drop, and causing a 45-minute delay for plane
cleaning my room
misreading someone's interest in a girl
using a power strip
You Mean Today's Not Sunday? (Posted Feb 15)
almost cheating on my girlfriend
telling my daughter her uncle is sick
not realizing I paid rent TWICE for the Same Month
typing the wrong thing on Slack.
A Big "Oh Shit" Moment for me and the rest of my Shift Because of my Freshness
receiving the nickname "Squats on Mountain".
scratching the sole of my shoe
almost being arrested for sexual abuse to a minor.
and forgot undies
abusing my mechanic’s ears with loud weeb music
for underestimating my dislike of cheese
Phone - Unattended - Alarm Ringtone
a 400$ COVID19 test
feeding the magpies
not knowing how to talk with a girl
going swimming...and the sun tried to kill me....Literally.
not turning on the bathroom lights.
exhuming my long dead family pet.
bt losing my closest friend
Toothpaste
stapling my finger to a greeting card
being frightened by a fart.
LPT don't do what I did
getting a tampon from a teacher (im a male)
when i laughed at my friends hamster dying
blowing a fuse at my parent’s house while doing some “personal grooming” in the bathroom.
Providing a Policeman with a Striptease
going back to sleep while my sister went into labor
calling my friend a “bitch”
accidentally killing, and trying to replace, my daughter's praying mantis.
yester day e ifucked up by driking oxygen and bereathi inhaling watter
Today my ass took an English Class.
being ignorant about IUDs and birth control and possibly missing out on a date.
Today I F*cked up.
accidentally being mean to everyone
opening a random container.
Today I fucked up by using suction cups..
remembering my manners at Universal Studios
accidentally shaving my mole
asking my doctor how an IUD works
pretending that Baby Yoda was driving
When I do sexual thing it funny
mistaking a bad haircut for a toupee
starting day with such a pain
Accidentally sent in to a 'family friendly discord server, "Didn't get the assured incest?" (autocorrect) instead of "didn't get the assured ones?"
permanently scarring my butthole
at volleyball
Took a sick day and shut down an insurance company
opening a NSFW post picture in a different tab, looking down from my desk, and not realizing it was full blown on my screen until I looked up while at work
falling in love with my boss before also finding out we're cousins
stealing the wrong Dirty Santa gift.
being an idiot teenager
when I ate spicy food
ending a friendship over their illness
accidentally peeing on my cat
saying a ,,Yes"
angering my neighbors after depositing a gift in their garden, causing them to take extreme measures against me.
getting my vibrator stuck.
having hay fever and ruining all changes with my crush.
attempting a kick while sparring at karate class
leaving a log in a guy’s bed...
masturbating in my car and cumming on my cousin.
going numb in the school cafeteria.
showing my mom how to use reddit effectively running our monthly family dinner
accidentally telling my friend (14M) that I (14F) like him when I don't and now we aren't talking. (Also, a clever way to tell someone you like them with an easy out).
having an acid-fueled rough sex marathon and getting tested for coronavirus
sending an unprofessional email to my partner
using the N word
chewing too many gums
digging a hole underneath a creeper farm in a mc server.
taking a shit on speed amphetamine
trying to eat a little healthier while at work
microwaving soup at 3am
having a bad migraine and discovering a new pain med side effect
defending a Vegan dog owner
Didn't know the rules.
cussing out the entire management to coworkers at work and was overheard by my supervisor
a day with real nice smells
Today I literally almost died due to giant pig testicles.
moaning so loud that my son's Friend left the house.
enthusiastically applying fake it until you make it mentality in an interview then landing the job.
falling asleep while browsing Reddit
forgetting new piercings hurt putting on a bra.
leaving an ovulation stick out on the end table
having tinder
Meth, only once.
blowing my father in law all over the livingroom
Forgetting To Learn For An Exam
Today I fucked up by overworking for school
trying to clean my ear and making myself deaf
not noticing the condom broke
wolfing down an entire Tabasco Slim Jim and then burping in my mask.
TOFU by having explosive diarrhea
Nice smell!
Work
I wrote this song about me bf when he dumped me and today we got back together 🤦‍♀️
I licked dog food
beating my meat so damn hard that when I showered my tip was peeling some skin...
accidentally kidnapping a child
never checking the actual reddit app.
not being able to orgasm.
having my entire fingernail ripped clean off by shopping cart.
announcing that nachos are for dinner.
itching near a healing injury
Crushing my own Balls
2TB of dataloss
not removing my wedding band before wiping
waking up the whole house screaming 'there's something in my pants!' until my sister found it.
Accidently Buying 100 Dollars worth of Ingame Content
getting off with my dog in the room
spilling milk all over my apartment's elevator.
eating trigger foods and making a mess.
traumatizing my grandmother
telling the ex a little more than she had asked
having a period sex(without knowing she was on her period) in a public bathroom and getting covered on blood before taking classes.
forgetting to turn off my phone's Bluetooth setting (NSFW)
sending a very NSFW meme to my family instead of my brother.
saying "You little asshole" on a Zoom Call
Birthday fail
trying to complete the main quest line on fallout 4
telling my parents to take a break from technology
sending an emoji to my teacher on zoom.
wearing a Pro-Israel Sweater to the gym
Pavlov’ing my spoiled, entitled dog.
screaming to my mom and lose contact with my family
Pooping at church
asking my GF s Mom if she is down for sex tonight thinking its my GF on phone
quitting weed and dreaming dreams
I stepped on something and regretted
listening to
By accidentally grabbing someones boob
Climbing through the ceiling
asking reddit on how I look.
cursing Luka Doncics injury🙁
get angry at work and punching old out dated equipment.
subscribing on a porn site utilizing my daddy's email
lying about taking my dog to the vet.
By entering the wrong postal code on an RMA via UPS
turning a girl down that was interested in me
accidentally sending work document to a complete stranger.
watching my close friend and her boyfriends amateur videos.
not paying much attention to my puppy
six year old thinks bat's are made up. listening to a security guard's radio
at my girlfriend’s house.
bolting outside with no shoes on and my pants unbuttoned to catch a thief that was myself
adding someone i found on a FB gaming group
probably making my mailman hate my guts
setting Pyrex on a hot burner
letting my mom find my YT channel
Slept at the Library
using cloves instead of chili powder
almost catching my house of fire with toilet paper.
leaving antiseptic on my face overnight and giving myself a chemical burn that looks like a nipple
telling a Trump supporter that I didn’t vote for Trump.
Slapping The Ass Of A Female Stranger As Hardly As I Could
backing over someone's pressure washer with a semi trailer
telling my redneck dad i voted for Biden
having my Step father thinking I was watching inappropriate content
taking a sip out of a bottle of what I thought was healthy water, when it really was a bunch of zig' buds and leftover soda.
not making sure all my students were off Zoom.
getting school breakfast
I cut myself prank gone wrong
accidentally showing my mom my nudes
rushing to get ready in the morning
letting my step sister Massage my back
telling my young son that his dog will die sooner than anticipated
getting texts from my ex (we broke up a year ago)
taking a piss half asleep
Madlad V Chad
TIFUpdate She knew I cheated that night itself
leaving all my keys inside my bicycle at the bus stop
Locked out my flat...
yelling at a lesbian couple.
wasting all my money on nothing
accidentally reverse catfishing
accidentally calling a guy i met on bumble
using the wrong fork
Sitting On a Cupcake
carrying a drunk, passed out woman out of a crowd at a concert
introducing Eminem’s music to my 8 year old cousin.
attempting to count chickens
engaging in a conversation with my father in law that led to the discovery of their wealth and has opened up some feelings of hostility
Strap on / pegging gone terribly wrong.
Mixing Up My Lube And Acidic Face Wash
letting the baby rabbit play videogames with me
playing a game of 9ball
I cried in the red light district
at Math, friends, and even at Reddit
Smelling The Sink
forgetting my keys in the car but there’s more
escaping the house at the age of two and going on an adventure
explaining jokes on The Simpsons to my kids
accepting a gift from my girlfriend’a mom
(Semi-NSFW)  misjudging the "size" of my camera during an MS Teams meeting.
taping my dick NSFW
apparently being racist against white people - I am a white person.
blaming the smell on the dog and nearly ruining my FIL’s marriage
grabbing what I thought was by girlfriends butt
My friends heard me jerk off on xbox
stalking someone 3000 miles away
Go suck a dick mods. This sub is a dictatorship, deleting everything that is critising you.
setting my hair on fire.
getting banned on multiple accounts and inpersonating mrbeast
not checking what was going into the washing machine.
Google play
not knowing what “gay” meant
When I Belched on my Sister’s Zoom
revealing to my parents that I’m going to drop out of an ivy league school and become a crack whore on the corner of a cold, dark, and scary street.
(physically) walking away from a store I just gave my résumé
not saving
I was stupid and nearly shit myself
trying to get feet pics out of asian girls.
trying to sly with my teacher
forgetting to turn up the volume during a test.
missing out on a cute girl's number due to being too focused on virtual carrots.
realizing that the reason my phones stopped charging was pocket lint.
breastfeeding my Husband.
trying to be a cool babysitter and instead scarring the kids for life
breaking my in-laws double urn and scattering their ashes on the pavement on their death-day because my husband said I smelled like shit.
playing with my food, making my bosses think I was doing drugs
sleeping with the lights off
disposing of a peejug
for not wearing a pad overnight on the day my period was supposed to start
sending this picture to my parents (who are 70 year old ultra-conservative Filipino Catholics) instead of my Wife.
Nearly starting a fight at a party
Sisters surprise party
trying to defend a kid from their parents
having my students think i am a racist
giving a coworker an anxiety attack and ruining her birthday
accidentally allowing my in-laws to see my painted toenails. I'm a guy.
attending my 6th interview this week and blanking again when answering questions
stapling my hand while on a facetime call
but didn't remember this incident as being real on my mind till now
I lost my AirPod
giving myself headaches for 2 weeks and thinking I had coronavirus
deciding to have some fun with my vibrator in my living room
There's a bird somewhere in my house..
leaving my laptop on with all tabs still open.
smoking a joint
by scolding the drunks next door in a see-through shirt
sending a picture of my dick to my father in law
giving my husband a blowjob (NSFW)
driving my van trough sewage
killing my friends cat
baking cookies on wax paper
stinking up my english practice exam
thinking I nobody could here me on a Microsoft Teams CallI think I out my ex in a dangerous situation
forgetting that I have fixed already fixed a bug two days ago
trying to ride my son's tiny bike
feeding my neighbour dog food
shooting a lizard with a nerf dart... and I might have killed it
asking my waiter for a blowjob
deleting my schools folders
accidentally sending something to my ex-gf and with his boyfriend replying back, physically.
leaving my new pup alone for the first time.
Realizing that Sourdough Bread Doesn't Come From Vaginal Yeast
being under the same blanket as my mother
misleading my coworker that I’m poorer than I am
accidentally coming out as bi even though im straight
not double checking I was eating JUST peanuts
grabbing a 350° pan
Incorrectly Muting My Mic During A Skype Meeting
almost burning down my kitchen
getting mad at Smash Bros. and breaking the TV.
playing strip poker with my best friend.
sleeping with three close friends.
telling my wife I filed for the economic impact check yesterday.
getting chilli on my genitals
Telling my parents I have no school cuz corona
walking into a family Christmas party with cum all over my shirt
when my mom found out I was kinky
not knowing basic hygiene my entire life
getting my friend a birthday cake
opening an email conversation between my mom and dad
eating way too many cashews
Ad-Vert
By getting high
I just ruined my life.
going in the pond to get a ball
leaving my airdrop on
leaving my car on
not saving my video editing project
not double checking my toilet
destroying my schools elevator.
telling my family my wife is pregnant with a dick pic
and asked a customer did he forget something while buying a pregnancy test
TUFU by send my fake email to my ex
I’m an 18 yo kid and got a raging boner while getting checked out for testicular cancer.
not having breakfast with my parents
learning what pus tastes like
giving my sick fiancé a dog urine rag for her forehead.
picking up some bags from my friends apartment while he was in the hospital.
lifting up my shirt during a proctored test with the webcam on
making my roommates think I was having a furious jack session
smacking my balls, trying to get a fly
pretending to be my biology teacher in middle school
Sex sent me to the ER
not knowing how hot oil interacts with ceramic
horribly misreading the situation
six year old thinks bat's aren't real
nah, better like Today I Fucked My Life
thinking a dream was real
showing my 12 year old daughter my wife's nudes.
Superbowel Party
telling a prospective client I saw kittens in the trash compactor she just started
not fully deleting my nudes
not doing math properly
leaving My Laptop Bag In NJ.
possibly ending good terms with a partner that I don’t remember how it happened
wearing super small shorts while doing laundry after midnight
leaving £400+ worth of music equipment on a train hours after buying it
sending an incredibly poor taste joke at the encouragement of a friend.
putting my hand inside a wasp’s nest
telling a kid in a wheelchair to F off and enjoy his leg day.
opening my mouth in the line of fire
getting my lady goods stuck in a belt in public!
I left my electric stove on overnight and most of the day
Because I Misread A My Friend’s Text and Sent Them Something That Made Them Uncomfortable
saying I feel gassy to my fart fetish cousin
revealing to my boss I never signed up for health insurance
attempting the hanabi godzilla Challenge, wife had to call 911
accidentally going to COVID testing site
not paying attention to the bidet's water temperature.
throwing glass in the trash
responding embarrassingly to my superior
Update
Not Having My Car Window Rolled Up
almost taking away a table from a customers “good side” (his side with the arm)
getting in a fight via text with a good friend
I fucked up and broke 4 boxes of new tiles for our bathroom.
scratching my balls
My mother will never look at me the same
telling a girl that somebody is working on unicorn reproduction and putting her hopes up
playing my favorite game wrong for 8 years.
punching my 9 year old in the face.
Parked in front of someones driveway like an idiot...
sleeping at work.
blacking out the entire first floor of my hotel.
answering a video call from my parents (NSFW)
walking in on my roomate.
saying a sexual innuendo to a customer.
getting my boyfriend tipsy
letting my puppy downstairs
showing everyone I walked passed by dangly bits by unknowingly making my shorts go transparent.
losing the right AirPod
doing exactly what my midwife told me to
dislocating my shoulder taking a shower.
not realizing I’ve been gluten intolerant until recently (obligatory didn’t happen today)
(maybe?) streaming weird porn to a TV in my house
putting deep heat on my balls and pissing in a sock
getting myself sent to the emergency room in the middle of a big softball game.
rupturing my friend’s eardrum
trying to suck my own dick
giving anyone a chance at a free car.
Trying to Make Small Talk
giving a Nazi salute while trying to be hip with my coworkers during promotional pictures at my worksite
TIFI on remembrance day.
giving my wife a wet willy
trusting promotions from Rogers
ILPT: If you find a bug in online casino, don't tell support about it.
not muting my mic, swearing and alerting everyone I was distracted driving during meeting
Update: With me accidentally flirting with my Cousin that I didn't know we were till recently. Now I saw him accidentally sexting with his girlfriend and seeing him jerk off in my Bed.
realizing that I had 5Ghz
Searching for a way to connect a pipe to all type of indoor taps?
kinky time with gf by remembering the movie "Robots"
going into my old bedroom
baking cookies at 2 in the morning
giving myself months chronic diarrhea resulting in a $1000 doctor visit
JOY from Watching Veteran's ("Bad Behavior")
calling my friends mom my own
adding essential oil to my face mask.
shitting my pants
calling my boss fat at the holiday team dinner :/:(
tearing by foreskin during sex
why cant i use my phone properly
Shaving a Caterpillar
assisting to what previously invited as a "petition the lord with prayer".
signing a NDA (Legally bound but I think is illegally written)
going grocery shopping a little high
rubbing my nipples during an online proctored test with the webcam on
accidentally installing my phone in the dash of my car
losing cause my workplace to lose $200
Today I fucked up realising that i myself intentionally damaged my eyes. To be nearsighted
and my roomba turned into an ice skater.
joining a pedophile's discord server
saying *woof* to a guidance counselor (NSFW)
Buying LSD
trying to adapt to the Polish way of driving, but instead it was the cops
Being too Honest on a Zoom Call
reading while bottle feeding my 1m old son
Coming Out As Bi At A Family Barbecue taking Valium thinking it was Quaaludes
receiving "Mad Dog Hot Sauce" as a gift from a gf, and then getting uhhhhhhh....
voice-recorded bf’s friend when we were talking alone to see if he’d do anything creepy and he found out
me bullying a friend.
making a lady at Walgreens think I'm being abused, or am an addict
falling down the last few steps going home with mom's present
disagreeing with my friends political opinions
peeling potatoes
watching YouTube and biting my nail at the same time not realising.
blasting my face with cayenne powder
sending a nude pick to the wrong chat.
still being a virgin
DESTROYING my own Carpet
making a bestiality reference to my fiancée and not explaining what I really meant until the following morning
cooking my laptop and nearly burning my house down
opening a box that I got from a friend during a social event held by my club at my University
leaving out incense while I was asleep
driving while 14
googling something on my dads phone.
I drank over a liter of alcohol, last night. I don’t know what to do to get my life back!!!
dangerously overtaking a learner... For no reason whatsoever
losing my daughter's inheritance in a settlement because I wanted to go to Cracker Barrel
because I thought that trying to post on a variety of community’s on reddit was a good idea
spitting on participants of an important business meeting
talking trash about a person I had accidentally pocket dialed
asking my professor what cum tasted like
with a kettle
accidentally outing someone as a suspected child molester
letting my friend and crash at my place
being a coward
fidgeting during class
Lost my dream job by being sassy and sarcastic in an interview.
sleeping strangely, causing neck pain and depriving myself of the only form of social gesture i can do at the moment
Telling A Close Friend I Wanted to Sleep With Her Husband
taking off my sweatshirt
i was scammed out of 3.4k. help!!
bullying a boy named Cameron
baking cookies for my crush.
leaving my frogs tank open by accident and having an armageddon of crickets in my bedroom
I almost killed my newborn baby
severing my brother finger
accidentally throwing my tray out the window
Showing up to my Tía's Old house
SEXING
Procrastinating to do 4 weeks of homework
Slept with a girl a month ago and now tested positive for a std. I told the girl I have been seeing for the past year that she should get tested because I got positive. She wants to end everything with me
stupidly breaking my laptop's keyboard
cat calling a karen
blowing $43.54 for a candle in a jar
not knowing about my bf's irrational fear of bats.
trying to pet my cat
cutting part of my dogs tail off in a car door
Accidentally called my mom during sex
Found out my pc can go zzzzzzzzzzz
Beekeeping mishaps
forgetting to clear my clipboard after getting high
thinking a scented candle was a good idea.
accidently Pavlov-ing myself to sleep every time my glasses come off.
sending a sweaty picture of my nutsack in front of a toilet bowl full of poop to my entire western sales team.
throwing my underwear into my roommate's side of the room and almost breaking my boyfriend's ankle.
sleeping with a close friend
roller skating inside a pool house and getting candy everywhere
having my mother eat my edible on Christmas not listening to my doctor. Now I have diabetes at the age of 25.
I backed my van over my neighbors cat
My girlfriend wouldn’t have sex with me so I made her watch me masturbate
leaving a pile of literal shit on the floor at work
losing my daughter's poop...
TIGU by wearing high heels
not making sure the other plumber left.
explaining the Karen meme to my boss, who happens to be named Karen
Taking a shit with a white long sleeve shirt
robbing my Dad and framing a service station attendant.
serving a local specialty to an unwary guest and giving him an unwanted mouth piercing.
TIFI by stabbing my eye
using Nair
feeding my rabbit too much
thinking my phone was on mute during a conference call and then proceeding to talk shit about my classmates.
sending my German realtor an Alex Jones meme
deleting a database of over 600 chemicals from our system
introducing by telling my boss about my son
telling someone i hit a car
running away away from a wasp.
not checking the email
leg sweeping my gf in the middle of Target
watching a YouTube video about Hitler then later his face is on my lock screen as I go to show my friend a meme
walking into the bathroom to witness an entirely naked man parading around.
I told my manager I had adderall in my system on the way to a random drug test
not having time management skills
working in the worst fast food dive I've ever seen.
pretty much losing everything.
TIFUB snapping and calling my overweight husband a ‘fat fuck’
reading in the bathroom
SHROOMS
unknowingly sending my ex a message through a shared playlist.
letting my  girlfriend tie me up with our balcony door open
cheating on my boyfriend with his boyfriend.
I accidentally called Jesus, Jesus.
thinking the Grammys was the awards for movies
telling people I have xenophobia (I don't)
20m from texas, anyone who wants to chat dm m/f bored afff
taking all my partners adderall...AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
blasting the Russian National Anthem in my room while my sister was in the other room
touching my(F16) cousin's(M13) peepee
locking myself out if my main gmail account
accepting produce from a friend.
calling my Mom a witch and making her cry on Mother's Day
trying to help my younger brother with a bully
being tired &amp; wearing jeans without a belt
because i forgot to dry my hands
nearly burning down my apartment complex' laundry room
Eating an entire box of Red VInes.
not asking about my Tinder friend’s bedding.
sending my FIL nudes
scammed out of 3.4k. help!!
I showed my friend my mom's vibrator.
being caught taking a pic ofy friend's mum's ass
eating too much greasy food for my graduation dinner and getting the shits twice
The Best Online Global Store Gives You Quality and Offer Products With Many More Discount..,
leaving the bluetooth hooked up and everyone waking up to me cranking one out.
interbreeding snails
Wisdom crumb #3
hitting my mom in the face with Christmas lights and ruining family photos.
sending a pic of my things to my mom
cutting my thumb with a razor blade
admiting i am depressed
forgetting my mask at home and then had to wear my toddlers mask in a store.
TIFP because I chose to go with my crush at rink, although I had never learned to skating at ice.
catching cereal on fire
not memorizing my memory work for school
being creepy and punching my best friend in the tits
TIF by sending a stranger nudes and getting blackmailed
took a full perc instead of promethazine before my circuits exam
I like turtles, yes I do...
giving my husband a raspberry
complaining about my increased gas bill
thinking i knew my barbers name.
forgetting I was shirtless at the beach
trying to get food delivered to my door.
scaring a colony of seabirds
going on to a weird ass furry yiff gif subreddit
changing my Youtube name
well it was 1994 actually.
ordering a pizza to my friends house as a prank
defacating on my wife
sending my dad a message for my brother
forgetting it's Remembrance Day
referencing Snopes as a fact check site
accidentally almost poisoning myself
leaving eggs in my trunk in July
embarassing my little brother and his math tutor while learning
getting traumatized by edibles
Shouting NETFLIX AND CHILL In My 6th Grade Class
comparing “its black and has holes” to my friends black mother.
giving my boyfriend a $300 watch
revealing to my boss there's something seriously wrong with my mental health
accidently peeping at my grandma who probably thinks i’m a pervert
Today me and my friends fucked up BIG TIME
switching shifts
d
logging on to Twitter.
not covering my eyes while at a party.
breaking a school computer and getting an ISS
waking up
forgetting to cancel my duolinguo trial subscription
having the most inappropriate boner ever. Ever.
clogging my toilet
ice skating into someone
taking a hot bath on day 5/6 of a 7-day fast
accidentally dating a minor.
I ruined someone’s life today!
flooding my friends toilet
taking edibles right before my grandad died
telling my girlfriend to shut up.
accidentally blowing up a few tons of Ammonium nitrate
ebay bidding
at work in the middle of the virus pandemic
uploading porn to my school google driver
buying concert tickets
telling on my new employee to my manager.
So I fucked up
losing my gf, my dignity and my jeans
leaving the Pressure cooker on stove and went to shop like I'm a mentally retarded idiot
my dad noticing hentai on my laptop
taking a dump
updating my smartphone
inquiring about things I really deemed important, but others thought of as weird.
my life since i was born
Feeding a Coworker Penis Cake
eating 4 big Mac's and getting a super heamorrhoid
making my computer screen upside down
staying up late to study
visiting my neighbor while he was killing rabbits.
trying to take a picture of my new school desks
making my wife's creeper app think that our 8 year old has been abducted
treating my bum like a cavewoman
creating an askreddit thread.
wiping my arse with a leaf
walked out of trial shift before getting paid
By not voting yesterday.
doing what everyone fears: dropping your phone down a storm drain
saying/sending very nsfw stuff in a sfw server
Fainting on my (First) Date twice on my 30th birthday.
playing a Darth Vader yule log on a psychiatric unit
asking my colleague to speak Spanish
2$ per click join https://cashcrates.co/dash/clicks2.php?clickid=Raven86
trenching around my basement for drain tile and part of the footer collapsed
not paying attention in the morning visit to the lavatory
Eating Spaghetti too Fast with a dry throat
posting on a "buy from " and met a bunch of nationalists.
asking my roommate not to have sex in our living room
Eating Garbage
breaking my phone.....
not eating enough before going to college
not having a gag reflex during a strep throat test
not recognizing a cannabis-print on a hat
taking a friend's advice
getting drunk and screenshot someones snapchat
I hope you find him...
freezing a pint of milk at work.
telling a kid I was getting my cat neutered.
NSFW] by using a vibrator.
Today i actually didn't fucked up, and if someone in here did fuck up, than don't worry about it, it's okay and I'm wishing you a great day.
breaking my classmates backbag
Today I sent my nudes to a Nigerian Scammer
embarrassing a student from abroad and myself in English Class
not specifically telling my daughter where her dad was
not paying for my groceries
eating a snickers bar
factory resetting my phone Telling My GF She Has AIDS After Sex
not getting enough sleep
locating my Sweethearts vibrator.
using so much soap that my hands sweat soap.
buy causing my school bus driver to get fired
eating KFC the day before my date.
dumping hot soup on my arm
being pushy with beer
dropping my phone.
My brother could’ve died and i was being an asshole.
ruining my husband’s relationship with milk
not reading the reviews on my sons birthday present I ordered him.
trying to replace my van so my van got revenge on me!
jacking off with the door open.
not spelling a specific word.
underestimating the power of nicotine
telling my 7yo he had to walk to McDonald’s with his 4yo sister to get his mum and I breakfast.
If you have no clue what a digital fingerprint is...
getting a severe electrical shock to demonstrate how someone got a severe electrical shock
denying entry to a club because the person had severe brain damage
having my sweat smell like weed and going to the gym after (safely) hanging with friends.
Shaking a Bottle of BBQ Sauce
drunkenly confessing to my boyfriend that my “type” is short guys.
eating candy and ants
masturbating with shampoo and getting a kidney infection whilst testing medication for money.
Any women know why i want sex
I got my Reddit account permanently suspended😥
telling my SO that I don't like to look at flaccid penises because they look sad - not horny.
Beetle bottle plague... what have I done
dropping a boob carrot in front of my teacher
telling a friend of mine about what a school superintendent said about her gf
eating snails
arguing with my s/o while baking
finding a way to pay American childbirth prices in a country with universal healthcare
sharing my feelings too early
inviting my husband to work out with me
showing my manager a dick pic
sending my bank a picture of a hairy asshole taking a huge crap
Slapping my Mom's Ass thinking it's my Girlfriend's
searching best sex positions for when you have a tiny penis and got caught
sending my boobs
telling a kid that's dad left him, a dad getting milk joke.
publicly flexing on a class of 76 people that I scored an A
finding out a dip was 90% mayonnaise
being in a tent with two other people
hooking up a hose wrong to a airstream and flooding it with poop
bringing the parasite, AKA my wife back into my household.
trying to start a Snapchat streak with a girl
my relationship with my best friend
making a peanut butter and jelly.
Driving to Mexico with Customized License Plate
shouting at my step cousin "your not my real cousin".
almost giving my grandma a vibrator
letting my husband give me a brazillian
letting my kid find my box of teeth
spilling marinara sauce on my hotel bed.
revealing my cock length to my entire family
nearly calling the police for a very stupid false alarm.
asking a patient to put her feet up.
eating like a wild animal in the background of a 2nd grade classroom of 16 kids
20 year old boner pills
What’s the sexiest sex you ever sexed?
forgetting simple grammar
checking my carry on at the gate
crashing my sisters car
accidentally forcing someone to pay 500% more for a gift
and lost my celebrity crush/love and a good friend forever.
trusting my boyfriend to get his own clothes
declining a meeting
talking to my dog way too loud with the door open
#  exposing myself to the Amazon delivery driver
emailing my teachers as hugh janus
doing the sexy sex thing while sexting
lashing my senior physician
calling my mom middle aged
harassing a homophobe on roblox.
locking both keys in my running car.
putting blutac in my ear
and got human poop in my car
Guy basically scammed me, a cashier a few dollars for cigarettes and got away with it.
sleeping naked for the first time
walking in on my brother...masturbating
trying to have a civil discussion on Reddit
forgetting to turn off my webcam during my zoom lecture class.
Ambulance called over masturbating
telling my girlfriend who has always struggled with her weight that she should eat less
accidentally electrocuting myself
not visiting my dad for four months...
I got a package in the mail...
having a vacation/anniversary with my wife and got a hot burger before leaving the next day!
accidentally grabbing my dates boob
forgetting to put my sex toys away
accidentally insulting a potentially suicidal person on Valentine’s Day
playing a stupid game in school
not telling my dad I ordered something from Amazon
accidentally following a woman and her family in a Walgreens
headbutting a lady on the bus
ruining a trip with my friends
not muting a discord server
Forgetting I Had Rental Car
falling in love again, while having a fucked up life. :D
changing my own oil, or so I thought.
saying that it’s a nice day outside in front of my geography teacher, then going to KFC after school
only eating bologna sandwiches for 5 consecutive days
presenting a Sex-Ed presentation and then giving a 7th grader sex advice
and drank something expired
I got banned from COD for no reason
being an overachieving little B***h
being alive
i forgot to mute my mic in class and I watched hood memes
watching porn with my phone at top volume
paying for someone else.
drinking peroxide
peeling messing with my getting a shit ton of glass under my hand
LPT:  saying the surprise
accidentally viewing porn in public
trying alcohol and going waaaay overboard (M18)
I’m blind as fuck
thinking my girlfriend had left to take her daughter to work.
hooked up with my reckless coworker
telling my ex how my friends were messing around
In Employment
having a nightmare
thinking about being a vigilante
making a dumb joke
giving myself a concussion
yelling a joke way too loudly in a small yet crowded room
asking my brother if he muted himself while streaming
Accidentally Playing Indian Music Around My Indian Co-worker
saying a slur on Discord and possibly ruining my reputation there
admiting i was depressed
trying to hide in the shower
overdosing on nicotine
leaving a naked imprint of myself of our hallway wall...and it won’t come off...
I tried to break in to a strangers apartment
making an English breakfast that will cost me hundreds of money.
sending my fiancé a picture of his step father’s penis.
4.5 hrs ago where I assumed I knew how to buy pot
TLDR By accidentally pulling a hamstring at 8at night
lied on CV
getting caught fapping on my b-day
eating old food and thinking I’d be fine :/
forgetting my exam
for trying overclock my friends PC
Printed a photo of my Friend's ass on my Familly Printer at 2:11 a.m.
singing Vode An
and I will never laugh at men who get hit in the balls again.
I was reading my step son his bedtime story and
whistling at 2 am
getting drunk and getting my hands up my best friend's pants
nearly setting my pants on fire
having to take a leak while on the 401
loosing my job because of corona virus
trying to help a bitch friend with her depression and got backstabbed from her because of her desire for attention.
rejecting an online strangers marriage proposal
for ruining my life over one bad fish taco
leaving my Nintendo Switch on the highway
9/11 Jumpers
assuming my sister had me blocked and hated me
renting with Turo car rentals
Smashing my Cock
forgetting to place a cup under the Keurig machine.
going to the wrong college on my first day
reading the subreddit
Today i fuck up by watching yt
getting admitted to the hospital after eating 1kg of noodles
travelling hours to the wrong airport
leaving my pressure cooker unattended ... Pics included ...
trying to detail clean the stair leading to the attic
walking into a small leaf whirlpool
Not really flying back home for Christmas...
eating the wrong curry
teaching a class about software I'd never used before
choosing an important meeting over sex with my gf
flashing my wedding ring in front of my coworker going through a rough break up.
not asking my colleagues for lunch!
invoking the demon inside my mother.
ruining a 7 year relationship because I didn’t go to my girls dinner party.
dental cleaning gone bad
letting my husband say “bust a nut” on a work call
giving a virgin a bloodpie (NSFW)
jumping off a swing and just getting a new job
using a handicap stall in a private office
forgetting I own a tailors dummy
(almost) dropping my AC unit out of the window
impaling a bit of dirt in my eye under bit whilst gardening...it’s proper imbedded and worried that I will have to choose between getting corona at the doctors or going blind...
My friends heard me beating my meat on xbox....
going to the toilet
clumsiness compilation
punching a black widow
snipping off piece of my nipple
cleaning my girlfriend’s face with the wrong product.
My toilet decided to shit itself (pun intended) while I was taking a nap after some solo adult funtime.
Flooding my parents house and collapsing a ceiling
nearly passing out and puking at my new job orientation
I finally did it. Mistexted an insulting comment to a superior.
porn, balls deep and SOAKING WET (ultra nsfw)
shipping lube to my university
giving my password to a scammer.
Must read this book please
giving a homeless guy 20 bucks and causing him to get the living shizzt beat out of him, and inciting a mini riot.
watching How Ridiculous videos with my daughter
hitting on a girl that was already in a 3-year-long relationship
not communicating graduation gift for sister with my family
accidentally calling black people bad
uploading intimate content I made for myself onto my Snapchat story
telling a hospice patient to “get better!”
dumping several day old coffee all over my work uniform
shitting in the river
Mistakenly going out in the cold, underdressed and without mask.
posting something on an anonymous posting app "chaterpillar" about my personal life and a friend who also uses it got hold of my situation
underestimating the destructive power of sugar
doing a helicopter
(awfully) singing my heart out
going down on a girl I just met...
showing my whole class my new girlfriends nudes.
wearing a strapless bra that was too small
imagining a unit of measurement too far in to double digit age...
signing up for college newsletters for as many colleges I could find, then moving and forgetting which are still going to old address
tossing a bugger
Very Important Company Files Because of Ex Girlfriend
showing one of my best friends, pictures of a huge poo I once took a picture of ....
accidentally telling TSA I had C4 in my bag
buying my kid a striped Auschwitz-uniform style shirt from Target and showing it off to my Jewish friend
asking the stupidest question ever.
spending my entire life thinking that a chicken gizzard is a chickens penis.
making a shitty title for my post and making people think I'm an anti-vaxxer
for eating a whole bag of pizza rolls
being a 47yo man trying snowboarding for the first time.
kissing my wife
22 want👙 to some fun 💋and sexting👅 add my kik username🆔 evaaddison5
cutting off all my hair from a memtal breakdown
Accidently used an obscene word while talking to a client.
thanking my colleague
upsetting an old dude in an Audi but I have no idea what I did.
handing my phone to husband And he went through my texts
skipping a day on Duolingo
tossed bad product and suspended
almost dying from alcohol withdrawals
putting an exotic lotion in my no-no area
https://up-down-file.blogspot.com/2019/11/blog-post_1.html
not going to the Christmas tree lighting with my parents
mocking a practitioner of the dark arts
screenshotting my friends texts between her and i and sending her the screenshot
showing my girlfriends psychologist her nudes by accident NSFW showing my girlfriends physiatrist her nudes accidentally. NSFW
trying to keep my girlfriend warm.
Never boil spaghetti in Fanta
itching in the shower and being 2hrs late to work
Got my dick pic screenshoted
thinking I got a $20 tip
telling my girlfriend the endgame of solar system, causing her to have a panic attack
not cleaning my bathroom NSFW
convincing people that Shel Silverstein was Black
setting my alarm too late
forgetting to drain the bathtub, leading to me needing stitches on my vulva.
My parents found my body pillow...
pushing a nest of yellow jackets into my house
being young and stupid
laughing myself unconscious
commenting on a loud noise
sending a bitchy screenshot to a friend
flipped off the school discipline master
Cockblocking a guy with my gas
New Years Day
cussing out a tourist
burning my lips off (not really) eith Lysol
TIFUPDATE: By being a smart aleck to my teacher
spilling ramen water all over myself
searching on a school iPad for the best sex positions for when you have a tiny penis and getting caught
This is fucked up
accidentally telling my friend that a size A cup was too large for her
showing my pregnant wife “Jurassic Bark” for the first time
I broke into my own house in the most suspicious way humanly possible
not checking if my mom was using speakerphone before talking about my vibrator
opening random tabs during meeting, especially after applying for leave
reading over 10 posts on this subreddit that didn't happen 'today'
causing a car accident
TIFI by finding something I wish I could unfind
failing at opening a beer.
sliding a pallet in the shed without checking clearance
Water Heater Watauga TX
Why is EVERY post I see on this sub some sort of erotica or weird fake fetish story?
drinking too much caffeine
getting head
waking up on Autopilot
getting lost in the forest for a whole day
I brought my fiance flowers. There's a pandemic outside.
being polite to my aunt about her ass
transferring an old colleague £185 for rent instead of my house mate
posting on Reddit.
not taking the lid off my smoker before reigniting the coals
crashing my mothers car at 10 years old
TIL I learned not to to trust escorts and hookers.
losing 10 years worth of pictures all because I wanted to organize.
playing too much games
New Yoga publication presents a practice for disturbing apprehension instances
sharing what my plans were for my 21st birthday to my grandpa.
I opened my heart for once and now I feel like such shit
letting my friend convince me to make the worst dish I have ever eaten.
Spraying aftershave up my nostril
getting caught with my hand down my pants by my brother.
sending a NSFW meme to an ex-coworker
trying to poop too hard, freaked out about it and made my mother and GF laugh at me.
pay a bill with proper dignity
mispronouncing a word, and being expelled for it…
By tripping over my own foot.
redeeming PS Plus on the wrong account
not flushing the toilet while on the phone with a mischievous dog in the house
forgetting to lock the office bathroom
showing glorious boobs on TV to kids
while cooking dinner
not double checking the date
mistaking Clorox wipes for personal wipes in the bathroom
misplacing my painkillers
Accidentally flashed my mum
talking to my Exs Best Friend
leaving my phone open
scrolling through my Xbox web history from when my family had a home invasion and now I am becoming a huge Everclear fan.
not asking my physiotherapist out
popping a forbidden pimple
accidentally mailing Porn to my parents for Christmas
not cleaning my grill
not checking my laptop to see if It was Recording
r/ putting butter in the microwave
sending an auto login command to every device on the work network.
walking into a dealers house w/o permission
not buying more GME stock!
my making a "soapy" butter chicken!!
You are so____! Like actually, you are the most _____ person i have ever seen in my life. Like just imagine being ______ in 2020!
buying gasoline every year. I've wasted 175k on gasoline since I was 16.
cooking spicy dinner for my girlfriend and later getting sexy with her
popping what I thought was a stubborn pimple on my scrotum, which turned out to be a small skin tag/mole...still bleeding (link to pic in description).
By painting on aderall
telling people I was going to die because I had tumor on my nutsack(NSFW)
fixing my shower
accidentally hitting something with my car and leaving without realizing it.
drinking "fancy" hot chocolate without using brain
telling my friends I like receiving anal
putting animal remains in the dishwasher
thinking Aunt Jemima, Uncle Ben, and Cream of Wheat were black owned
messing up my tooth, and now I have to get a root canal
being schizo and think pandemic is just another delusion
closing a glass door
almost getting my self and my friend killed and my dad arrested for murder
not sleeping in the car
sending my girlfriend inside of PJ Whelihans
stabbing by husband while we were horny
picking up a dead cat
using a foot mask.
cause my girlfriend caught me having s*x with a stuffed animal
accidentally robbing the wrong person
asking a woman at the store if her boobs were real
not telling my boyfriend that he forgot our anniversary was today.
asking my boss for a ride
making a series of dumb decisions at a church and permanently embarrassing myself to a priest
No caller ID sending a NSFW Snapchat to my boys groupchat instead of my gf.
giving a homeless man a home and making him homeless again UPDATE
Human Growth Hormone - Some frequently asked questions
sitting in my auncle's cum
Mom found the jizz rag
CONFESSING
nearly catching my kitchen on fire trying to season my cast iron pan.
not washing my coffee thermos properly and by always placing it in the same spot on my desk
slamming an old bloated door and locking myself in bedroom and wasting entire night to open it again while waiting to pee.
leaving open my browser with some incest story and my mom ended up seeing it
dropping a 40 pound wooden panel edge first on my big toe last night
paralyzing the left side of my face
Called best friend/Boyfriend a liar
making chilli oil
almost getting a second pee-hole..
my girlfriend made hellfire hot ground beef!
adding 2 girls on snapchat
helping clear the dinner table
wiping a users device
not wanting to die
going outside my comfort zone
By leaving a used condom in my girlfriends dog height trashcan
shopping at Lowes
when I ate chicken right after it was over-microwaved
watching porn on my phone while bluetooth was still connected to the speaker downstairs.
trying to prank my brother without realizing his girlfriend was the only one home.
Playing Wow with phone conference muted. Unmuted myself to say goodbye...
TI*U By Inciting an Angry Mob of Parents
making a gut-bomb for the fiancée
I now make sure I know what to say before calling any company.
not asking the smoothie king girl for her number.
not encouraging three members of my community to vote.
eating my AirPod in my sleep
Called my friend by his ex wife's name
“Random Amazon orders”
not cleaning my own room
trying to switch my English class the day before classes start, only for them to be all full and now $500 is going to go down the drain.
shi**ing the bed
being incredibly dumb about how reddit works
Ruined It!
Forgetting How To Write the Letter B
making a joke about a coworkers kids drowning which completely fell flat.
missing an empty net twice in a row during my playoff game.Reddit told me what run the gauntlet is
believed Facebook kept my shit SECRET
pissing on my girlfriends cat
crapping in a bathroom at work.when I sent my daughter a pic of me inadvertently recreating the horrific murder by cop in MN/USA
selecting a movie for dad and I to watch after mom died
sending a 3am, eight paragraph email to a student's parent about the horrors and difficulties we will succomb to as a species if "virtual, remote learning" becomes the norm in public education. All that in reply to " won't be in virtual class today".
wiping my butt with a disinfecting wipe
Today I fucked up by calling out a nonce
forgetting my friends name and telling his girlfriend he doesn't like their relationship
slowly giving myself second-degree burns
I was deceitful now I’m homeless
EATING A BAG OF FLAMING HOT CHEETOS AND THEN FINGERING MYSELF
sending a pornstar name to my work whatsapp group
Slippage amongst friends and fam
shitting in a water bottle in the back of my dads work van
putting condoms in the trash
eating some questionable Chinese food and going to a nightclub with a sketchy bathroom
letting a woman get stalked
being dumped by the same guy after about 35 years.
showing a dick pic to a male colleague
eating a bowl of ants
accidentally saying a slur
almost dying in my first motorbike trip.
over analyzing a video on Reddit
wearing a mask after a garlic smothered lunch.
trying to watch YouTube in the food hall at college.
accidentally going gay cruising
eating a cookie and assaulting my dog
Using The Wrong Dish
going to my friend's class and pretending to be him
making out with my brother's wife
and ended up in this thong (I'm a guy)
PENIS SEX ACCIDENTALLY STRIPPER
cutting my son's hair myself
not insisting we close the bedroom door during sex
watching porn in the living room while my five year old cousin watched from behind the sofa
Writing down “Suicide isn’t that bad”- (student name) as a joke and starting an investigation.
picking up a wild mouse
chomping down hard on my 4y/o daughter's finger
letting my pc get infected knowingly
accidentally flashing all the guys including my teacher in my history class
become a third wheel on a motorcycle trip
A Visit from St. Dickmas (NSFW)
not reading the reviews
snipping some of my scrotum off
having a broken leg and an urgent bowel movement
talking trash
reading Logan Paul's apology script for my class.
trying to empress my crush with a bike stunt
drawing tiddies on my car windscreen
putting myself in the most awkward situation I’ve ever witnessed.
eating popcorn
not being born into dynastic wealth
not helping the old man at the atm machine.
leaving my house when the all the signs told me not to, which ended up being a wild 24 hours.
accidentally voting for a democrat
trying to advertise my soundcloud on a misleading reddit post
picking up a random egg from a zoo.
Failed to check the TP
dating a girl and screwing it up
By talking to my ex for the past few weeks (as a friend) behind my girlfriends back because she cheated on me in our house a month ago
Bone Malone
shitting on my chair
dropping milk in my garage
choosing to be the goalie in our game of handball
When a customer thought I said the N-word.
breaking my friend's sink
spending the entire day with bright yellow disinfectant on my face
setting a crotch fire and pepper spraying my entire apartment
developing breasts? - (I'm a dude).
overestimating the size of my bladder
Downloading GachaLife
comparing someone to a dog
missing a tiny detail
touring the St Louis Basilica with my very pregnant GF and our loud mouth son
Beginning My Day with a BM
Thinking My Grandpa Was My Fiance
taking the kids to the park
yelling at a disabled woman
playing Megalovania during sex
drunk texting my blog
searching my brother's room
accidentally coming out to my friend
being pushy about giving two young boys I didn’t know my food
almost having sex with a communist
putting a fork in the toaster to get bread
Not Knowing My Friend Was In Danger.
dropping LSD forgetting it was Halloween
TIHU by posting a Filthy Frank video on my Insta story.
using an empty root beer can to get ice of my windshield.
Accidentally Suffocating Myself
sneaking out for biology
lying to a guy who actually turned out to be really sweet
not cutting my nails.
closing the cat in the fridge
Possibly made a teacher loose there job
DON'T BE LATE, INVESTING IS GREAT Are you truly interested in earning $3,000 everyday all by working from the comfort of your home with your PC or cell phone device and start earning from today..?
f
because I didnt eat a bagel
Shooting a Basketball
singing duel of the fates in the shower
using Rover to save money and now our dog is in the hospital.
trying to work with a TikToker
watching the last episode of a series on a streaming site NO SPOILER
running away from home
Today i  trying and experiment with balloons and toothpicks
This subreddit needs to be rebranded as "IFU". I don't think I've seen a post that actually happened "today" make it to the top of the sub in months.
falling for a badboy
leaving stuff in my old bedroom.
Realizing I've Been Using Fabric Softener Instead of Detergent on All of My Laundry for the Past 3 Months
going behind my mom’s back and attempting to shave my legs for the first time
accidentally picking up a hitchhiker (NSFW)
Because someone forgot to mark as nsfw and my boss thought I was looking at cougar porn. Link inside
putting on the incorrect footwear and nearly breaking my ass
I Screwed Up Christmas
watching the hub in my Nintendo Switch
accidentally walking into my parents room while they were having sex using a bath bomb before a birthday
Trusting a Fart in a Car Full of Sorority Girls
trying to masturbate with a soap bar
Ordering Beer
Eating “Popcorn”visiting old high school friends drinking too much getting upset and ruining Christmas for everyone.
Finding an old photo
'having sex' so hard that I believed my wife to be dead.
ruining my friendship w my fwb/flatmate
trusting myself in my sleep
accidentally putting Muscle cream (icy hot) on my "money banks"
jerking off on top of a Reese's pieces
training my boyfriend to be too obidient.
not wearing a pad overnight on the day my period was supposed to start
I WAS SCARRED FOR LIFE ON MY FIRST KISS!
The time I thought the trees in the park I was at were going to somehow eat me and missed out on an opportunity to explore an amazing park and have some nice fresh snacks while doing so
Laid down in cat vomit, and broke my glasses washing my bed sheets
ignoring an anal fissure and walking away with two thirds of my asshole.
being to high to go to work
eating chocolate chip cookies from my kitchen
pointing at the wrong girl at the park.
having long hair and a sick cat
telling bank teller to stop treating me like a child
wearing a sweater that looks like pollen while watering my garden
I put cereal before milk.
asking my wife's grandmother and aunt if they like boobs
recording friend watching porn and showing it to teacher
for being attracted to a minor
having an affair with my boss’s girlfriend.
shitting myself in a box
shaving my balls (NSFW)
asking an insurance company a question
reading all these TIFUs saying it wasnt today it was like 5 years ago.
I accidentally wet the bed...
not double checking exam dates.
having my vibrator fall out of my suitcase at the airport CRT
waking my entire neighborhood and almost getting pulled over because I wanted to see the sunrise
making my best friend cry at her bridal shower
trying to make croissants and having to go to the hospital because of it progressively isolating myself from my friends
eating the chunky ice.
ubering to the wrong town
not looking where I was going
paying attention to my tutor instead of to what I was doing
getting high on Christmas Eve
don’t get a smart TV !!!!!!!!!!
spilling 1000+ golf balls in an airport store
being introverted and permanently ruining the internet for everyone in my house(but mostly me)
almost getting killed
saying that some people don't like certain foods
trying to give myself the weirdest birthday present
getting a snack late at night
Hello all of what you think about this music ? It's not mine but I like it and I want to share with you , if it's wrong post I will delete it ok , I hope you enjoy the music
asking a girl a risque question
watching Mindhunter while in the hospital with my newborn son
muting my headphones at work
discovering that my parents have divorced
turning on a toaster that my cat pissed on
getting hit by a vacuum cleaner
speaking to my ex-girlfriend’s friend who made me fully realize that I destroyed our relationship and made me realize I’m a shitty human being
leaving my hentai laptop exposed right on my bed
New community go check out
accidentally snorting steroids
getting busted by the cops while in my bra/panties after breaking and entering to get my friend insulin
forgetting to tape the wiper at work
conditioning myself to get turned on when Ariana Grande music plays
purchasing an art commission without discussing the price.
botching my wedding proposal and scaring the shit out of my future brother in law and probably making a few people think I was about to blow the mall up.
going to the wrong hotel
making my name hello b**** in my science zoom
kicking a man in the nuts
searching a movie on reddit..
found out my girlfriend was cheating
answering a "spam call"
A playlist I made became my name on gmail?!
cheating on a person I loved
going to a mosh pit/ party in my city
awarding GOLD to the judgment bot instead of OP
AND LPT: by ruining my kids Christmas presents because of Alexa notifications.
accidentally rejecting a girl
Mistaken for a homeless mother when I was just getting lunch
attempting water marbling.
poking myself in my Adam's apple really hard
I had to literally shit myself during a timed test
Fucked up while cooking
not taking pictures at the scene of the car accident
superliking an anonymous profile on tinder
another Vera died
discovering chives
My being short killed a cow
That time I got away with crime by being white.
responding to a guy who said he didn't like me with a kpop reaction video
buying and taking too many laced edibles, which led to me getting caught by my parents
trying to relax after a final exam
destroying both of my bike locks
not insisting people take off their shoes in my home leading to an incident with my toddler
robbing the wrong house
telling a girl I'm not gay
ask7ng my Crush why she doesn't want to date me.
asking out my crush on a date
not changing my computer background
teaching my friend how to burp
giving away my umbrella
burning my manhood with almond extract
Wearing Bug Infested Skull Kid costume for Halloween accidentally detoxing myself
when my girlfriend saw me browsing Reddit when porn popped up on r/worldpolitics. She broke up with me...
being too open with a classmate.
ruining my boyfriends company wide meeting...
trying to text smart to a girl but coming off as an asshole (help)
blueballing my boyfriend because i had to pass a kidney stone.
Torn ligament thanks to the face mask
pushing the wrong button on my thermostat and not realizing it until my house was 80 degrees.
ordering two Uber eats orders attempting to go through my GF's phone in a fit of drunken jealousy while she was PMSing, having the same name as a local criminal and then irrovocably breaking up after immediately blocking her over text and FB
trying to make amends too quickly.
talking on Omegle to a 9 year old girl that is probably in danger
at a work party and made one of my coworkers think that I was gay for them.
losing my virginity to my stepbrother and not letting myself forget like him.
not listening to the teachers advice of skipping videos and watching the most disturbing videos ever
screaming *that* bad word...
Drinking too Much, Passing Out, and...
telling my work I have a medical marijuana card
spilling my entire weed grinder into my tortoises tank in front of children
starting to cry in front of my college and like 100 people
Family relationship ruined after years and breaking points force me to leave
not standing up to a rude bus driver
walking into my crush and saying nothing
for putting dog food instead of cereals in my bowl.
Today I fucked up by drinking before seeing my grandma.
leaving my Bluetooth on at work
moving back in with my ex-wife (83F), whom I (82M) left for my long-lost sweetheart (82F), after the love of my life passed away.
taking a picture of a man's bad parking
locking myself out on the balcony on vacation
saying thanks for birthday wishes from last year telling my sisters boyfriend she's cheating on him with his dad.
telling my five year old I didn’t want to be a parent anymore
ripping a silent one in class that smelt terrible.
lying to reddit users (read the tldr if you lazy)
telling my friend merry Christmas to her and her girlfriend.
sending my mom a sextoy
went skinny dipping with friends and disrespected my long distance boyfriend
leaving my huge dildo in my parents’ room leaving my huge dildo in my parents’ room
accidentally deleting everything that i wrote during a test
Tiktok Draft Paranoia
We are soaking wet. As is the bed!
The day in I became MacGyver AKA the reason why I’m no longer allowed to open boxes from Amazon
being an asshole at the gym
asking a girl who works at the gym I go to commonly about her hair dye
going to tennis training despite having diarrhoea
accepting an engineering job I'm unqualified for
accidentally dropping a lighter in the fire and it bowing up in my face when I was a kid!
ferociously booting a football straight into my girlfriends grandma's face.
repetitively asking a Spanish speaking friend/crush about the lyrics for Despacito
getting help for my psychological issues.
hiding under my hotel bed and disturbing the cleaning lady.
launching a FingerBlaster3000
hooking up with crazy
burning my inner labia by following a TIK TOK trend
Grabbing My Girlfriend's Mom's Panties
accidently masturbating with my door open...
lighting my hand on fire
revealing my online identity to a real-life friebd
reusing a container
ordering clothes to my ex-girlfriend’s deceased mother
Adding Ghost Peppers to Our Family Dinner
not telling someone how I feel
telling my girlfriend the endgame for our galaxy and giving her a panic attack
arguing semantics on the phone
choosing the wrong Bluetooth Speaker
almost spraying a thirsty cockroach into my ass
introducing my work BFF to bare naked ladies
giving an lady I used to work with's name to a scammer
jumping into my grandma's glass door
trying to eat gummy bears while half asleep
purchasing a nintendo switch from Craigslist
giving myself tinnitus
jokingly saying we should name our new kitten “Rigglesworth”
looking at my favorite street on streetview
not creating a new reddit account on my bday so my reddit cake day can match my actual cake day.
watching the movie Line of Duty
Taking a sh*t at school DOING A BIG SEX IN MY WIFE
going to sleep on the couch to escape the snoring and waking up covered in pee
getting permanent scars on my knees
dropping my laptop
telling my close friends that if I could suck my own dick, I would
taking a sleeping pill.
A two-for one fuck up and I still somehow kept my job. I still cringe with shame.
letting my dog get pregnant
almost killing my goldfishm
immediately ruining something expensive.
showing my teacher my laptop as my bf started describing the sex we had the night before...
realising "gang bang" means something else.
breaking my arm (kinda nsfw)
assuming people know what an enema is.
not following my passion
staying the shower
typing just bad stuff about my self in a little fight with my gf and she thought I was committing suicide and called an ambulance to my apartment... introducing someone to Mean Girls
drinking vodka in the morning and throwing up on my carpit, then a couple of hrs later i drop my spitun on it ( dip tabbcco spit ) and now i just dumped another half filled sptoon and some slashed on my shoes FML
To much man
getting stuck in my garage because of a lube explosion!
but eating a 1000 mg edible
dropping my phone into the toilet while peeing and scrolling reddit
leaving a bunch of coins in a really damp and cold place for 4 years
turning a 40 dollar RAM stick purchase into a dead vehicle and a computer that won’t turn on.
taking too long to put my swiss cheese in the fridge, then paying for it right as I answered a phone call from my mom
chopping hot peppers before sex
secretly using grindr and possibly being exposed.
thinking someone would give away skins for free and having my account stolen
wanting to download a mod
throwing out my wife's passport
Not quite a smoke buddy...
eating a banana and drinking sprite when I have influenza
closing an elevator door on some kid and his dad
I shit my pants while running
accidentally lighting a Swiffer duster on fire
Ripped on my SOs leg
posting private key to my Crypto wallet online.
Trying To Surprise my Little Sister with a new Video Game.
having bad hearing and accidentally insulting someone with cancer.
cheating on my finals
because I'm Deaf, dumb, and came too strong
Wibta if I contacted siblings
asking my SO if she needed anything
not knowing what “bpt” stood for
possibly contracting covid
accidentally seeing a nude of the president
slapping my own nuts
coming out to the world as schizophrenic who thinks he's Jesus
being too obsessive over my phone
telling off a phone scammer
asking someone I met for the very first time if I can shower in their place hardly 2 seconds after entering into their place
running straight into a lamppost.
trying to support Gay rights.
being unintentionally racist with popcorn
kissing my girlfriend and ejaculating in my pants
Like Father Like Son
accidentally liking a random two year old message from my "ex" boyfriend
Volunteered to feed a Domestic Violence shelter for Christmas Eve looking like I belonged there because I fell 3 days before smashing my face in.
laughing at a patient who had broken both his arms
leaving my shorts on the floor
accidentally searching for hentai on a school computer. NSFW
posting on r/bannicolassequeira
via typo whilst texting my managers
going out to my local national park and meeting a guy there
giving my cat(s) their monthly flea treatment
making my one night stand breakfast
taking a dare
sending a nude video of myself to a female acquaintance
Doing Cybersex For the First Time... on my Period (NSFW)
using Head &amp; Shoulders as my body wash
daring to Nair !
bringing my small issues to the forefront with someone who is navigating a divorce, guilt, and a whole heap of other stress 😔
being particular about my wiener.
FRIENDS WITH BENEFITS
letting a woman flirt with me in front of my wife
being kicked out of the Christmas Party
doing a burnout
cyberbullying my mom about the house wifi
drunk-smashed my boyfriend's table by accident
releasing sexual tension
trying to wash soft gel vitamins
and texted my father-in-law what I meant to send my husband
getting my girlfriend into country music
almost killing my goldfish and carpet.
taking an edible with my boyfriend and ended up in the hospital
puking on a stove/grill in a Japanese performance restaurant
trying to make a new friend
forgetting I have fat feet
drinking a whole pot of coffee before a long run.
turning off notifications while driving
drinking too much vodka in my room
Freind Zoned After Dating for over 4 months
preemptively taking my sriracha out of the fridge while cooking
telling a father and his preteen son that my panties are wet
not recognizing Gigi Hadid
I thought I was totally right about an email I sent two months ago. I was totally wrong.
TIFI by going to a male gyno that ended up looking like Dr. Herman in Beethoven.
turning my phone off while I saved a baby squirrel from drowning in a bucket of water.
unintentionally teaching a bunch of middle school boys about enemas
TFIU by leaving my stash out whilst the landlord was conducting property viewings.
my graduation
flashing a couple of strangers and my dad!
Buy YouTube Subscribers - High Quality Non Drop Cheap Price being bald
calling someone Jose
hiding weed given to me by my roommate from another roomate
accidentally telling the U-Haul Lady my boyfriend and I were serial killers.
eating a sunflower seed from my bird's food
ringing the fire alarm at my school
unknowingly being gross and creepy to a possibly underage girl
TIFI by inserting Jalapeño Cheddar Cheeto dust into my eyes
posting a fake, raunchy story in an attempt to karma-farm horny Redditors.
trying to show off on a handball training
completely miscalculating a risk and as a result, my family is moving out.
putting in the wrong directions.
shitting all over my aunts toilet
Hit a mailbox
falling in the mille of a busy day at my job
forgetting my old Reddit account’s password
and let the horny demon take over
falling for a very obvious scam bc I am mentally unstable
discovering this community and giving myself anxiety.
allowing 4th graders to choose Pixar shorts to watch on YouTube
having the worst acid trip of my life
losing my gerbil during a Zoom meeting
bathing my cat
coming to this world
accidentally sending my crush a nude and now she's not talking to me (NSFW)
pouring acid down the drain.
using the online version
not taking the opportunity to kiss the girl I like.
Unknowingly Told GF I was thinking about leaving her
looking like I was trying to give a girl a roofie
accidentally peeing ontop of a guy
getting extremely high before a World History test
ripping out a piece of my labia skin while readjusting my menstrual cup.
Trying to be friendly turns horribly wrong
scarring myself for life for some caffeine that turned out to be decaf
letting my mother wipe with the same tissue i came in. .
accidentally telling someone they were getting fired soon
getting resin on my lips
Made hubby's colleagues day rather more interesting
Yelling At My Brother While Having A Class And Forgot To Mute My Mic
ALMOST made someone jupm on train tracks?
Sleeping on the living-room couch because of a computer...
buying shoes
thinking a habanero pepper was just another garden pepper
sitting in total silence for two hours
LPT: April 1st when my phone died
Best Software Development Company in the world.
saying something unintentionally racist
sending my mum nudes.
sabotaging our Lasertag Arena
asking for stuff twice, when I should have only asked once
getting an anal fissure at the lake
Scratching mother in law’s car
pretending to be blind
slapping a strangers ass
accidentally naming myself “Mike Literus” and saying “F*** you” to a district judge and my attorney teacher
meeting my boyfriend's parents
mowing my neighbors lawn- ruined Easter
giving my friend a seizure
forgot how to drink
sending my mother nudes.... that were supposed to be to a client; and she has..... had.... NO IDEA I’m a cam model!
Toilet decided to shit itself (pun intended) and I had went to sleep after some solo adult funtime
accidently declaring my boss dead
pissing outside not realizing a cop was in my vicinity.
chatting with ex while drunk
closing down a gym
blue balling my wife
asking if I could call my teacher 'Blowjob'
leaving my sex toy out and accidentally arousing my flat mate
being an exhausted new mom, 3-weeks post gallbladder surgery, wanting a coffee and possibly ending up with internal injuries
maybe infecting my entire office with Covid 19
I walked around the store with my bush out
pinching my privates in a garbage can
inadvertantly ruining a funeral
taking too much creatine
Humiliating a Bike Thief
wearing a T-Shirt with a "The Office" quote on it to work.
asking my girlfriend to fuck me
being brutally honest
not fully trusting my now ex GF/Bestfriend
trying to defend my partners honour.
trying to mow the lawn again after getting stung by a bee.
smoking weed at 4:21
confirming my COVID-19 suspicion
Eau de Tolet!
getting a chance for my new single to be played on Toronto’s alternative rock radio station but sent the wrong mp3 AND THEY PLAYED IT 😳
cheating on an online test and having my phone alarm go off on the laptop
saying the worst thing at the worst time
nearly waterboarding myself in the shower
telling a girl to give me “a sex”
accidentally telling my girlfriends best friend I was going to kiss her, in front of my girlfriend.
riding and breaking my Bf (NSFW)
texting my boss from my Apple Watch making my teachers think o was into self harm
puking in the tub
loudly farting while my bf was on the phone
Lets just say "I started blasting" at a different girl while I was faking being drunk
trusting my fwb and not using a condom
My mom caught me sexting my Gf.
changing my instagram profile picture
adding ketchup to my fries
calling my husband's underwear “Racoon panties” for years.
PLEASE SHARE
farting on a friend while joking
throwing my gum out the car window
roleplaying with my GF as a 1950s Newspaper Boy
I cut myself prank gone wrong..
not showing you this
My (29F) "friend" (57M) thinks he can control my life and says ignorant things that he's trying to prove to me that's real. I cut him off finally and blocked him and cut him out of my life. I feel a weight lifted off of my shoulders.
flashing to my friends caring about my girlfriend
not driving my brother to his Karate tournament
underestimating the power of a taser
Tried to use fleshlight
using small earbuds on earphones slapping an unknown person on the back of his head thinking he was my friend and he started bleeding.
confessing to a girl I didn't like
getting too randy on a sofa
asking for my boyfriend's help
sending my dad a porn link during a family Thanksgiving gathering.
mis speaking in front of a group of 4 year olds
making our local autoparts store think my wife is abused
clogging my boss' toilet, and flooding his bathroom with shit and pee.
getting an Uber to a different state than intended.
By drinking beetroot juice before a doctor appointment eating a pack of donuts that were riddled with ants.
falling in the river...
breaking my sister's nose
attempting to get a possum out of my trash can
taking gloves filled with broken glass to my first Muay Thai class
getting poison ivy on my pussy, then still deciding to have anal sex.
putting a wrong number from my number plate on a highway toll app
Fixing My Constipation
got caught with weed in my backpack in class
losing $100. No idea where it is, searched high and low, retraced my steps. Pretty much have lost what remaining hope in living I had left.
catching a bottle cap with my balls.
unknowingly rick-rolling millions of people.
letting out the most obnoxious sneeze in the history of conference calls
using my phone as a light
not registering
smelling a shirt that belongs to a friend of my girlfriend
getting a wax and not being able to see my nephew
complaining to neighbours who were being noisy
swimming with my girlfriend's mother.
paying $185 to ride a $3 train
getting hard for my doctor then almost hitting her with my penis.
using someone else credit card.
buying the wrong preset package
missing booty call
not checking the tp.
changing my buttplug and twerking in front of my entire family reunion.
using the n-word (complete with hard R)
Tofu by putting candles in my dick
being seen shirtless by four Canadians Navy officers
I broke up with a girl but I regret it so much.
being rejected by three women in one night and then having a breakdown in front of coworkers about it
not insisting people take off their shoes in my home leading to a poop incident
Letting a Child abusing Drug addict move in with me
buying the wrong game expansion version
destroying my stomach (and other body parts) with hot Cheetos
skipping a chiropractic appointment to play Dungeons and Dragons and then having to do CPR.
connecting my phone to the wrong bluetooth headset.
discovering a family secret
eating Taco Bell 2 hours before a massage.
By confronting my brother about qanon
spitting water all over my brother
doing a face mask
dressing up as a dinosaur and going to a kid's birthday party.
on Facebook
getting explosive diarrhea at my friends parents
practising blowjobs on a too-soft-banana and needing my parents to Heimlich maneuver it out
wearing those exfoliating socks.
Tify by sending nsfw pics of myself to a person I dont know
eating hummus peanut butter
sending a message to every single missed call for almost 2 years
Forgetting About a Comedy Show
DON'T FORGET TO PACK THOSE ELASTIC PANTS DON'T FORGET TO PACK THOSE ELASTIC PANTS
sending an unsollicitated reminder email to 6000 possible prospects of our new client
posting an original instrumental track onto SoundCloud
trying to hack a friend, but I ended up hacking myself
telling my mom she missed a 30% rise in the stock market
giving my dog a golden shower
at the Beach
probably ruining a baby surprise to my aunt
opening a scab
Killing My Son's Rooster
making my wife into a hysterical mess.
forgetting to put a dildo away showing 5th graders advertisements for sex tapes
Getting Involuntarily Trashed at the Bottom of a Canyon in Myanmar
abusing my bottom in pursuit of purity
because I had an asthma meds overdose
vaping in Bangkok
may or may not have causing 2020 with my jumanji.
What should I do? ( I didint know where to put it so put it here)
kicking a can.
telling a random fast food employee that I love her at the check out window.
By accidentally implying that life was cheaper/easier under slavery
sending suggestive pictures to my married friend
"Accidentally" turning off the sprinkler for a week during hottest days of summer so far
enjoying cold eye drops
SOMEONE CAN ENTER IN MY CLASS OF FRENCH PLSSS??
Give your best liquid courage story!
shoving correction fluid in my mouth
throwing out a Christmas tree
dyeing my hair and shower
accidently getting on the wrong bus to work after flirting with an old flame - tldr at bottom
flushing the toilet
being self-deprecating in my new job.
being cocky with my tolerance for hot sauce.
I messed up on the only job I wanted
my masturbating in class
being accused of a school shooting threat, for the 4th time this week.
Said to a gypsy couple they were attractive to be gypsies.
saying gigantic wasn’t a word
rickrolling my physics teacher
as my mum found my very sexual and pornographic Tiktok account
basically water boarding my 16 month old boy.
joining a startup
breaking a law I didn't know existed
showing me friend my hentai collection
moving in to NY on a Sunday and getting my angry because he has to give me the keys on a Sunday when he's suppose to be off work.
walking in on my friend’s parents having sex
telling my co-worker to drive my car six miles away from me.
accidently deleting a listing (selling pokemon cards) after I got an offer of £250
microwaving chilli
leaving my bong outside and choking on moths
deleting 700 rows of data from a work spreadsheet
I accidentally told my entire masters class about my period issues
leaving my PS4 on while playing my PS3
walking into my GF’s Zoom call naked
donating too many kidneys to the town's hospital.
asking the planned parenthood receptionist for condoms.
farting in my husbands face.
watching breaking bad
for shooting my shot (part 1 kinda)
making my younger brother believe that my younger sister had her willy cut off
showering at 6 am
opening the garage door.
not breathing properly while working out
sending a girl a pic saying "nice dick bro" instead of sending it to my friends
telling my doc my vagina was uncomfortable
accidentally calling my teacher "balls"
not writing my best friend for a long time
not questioning why my doctor didn’t call me about a chest X-ray
accidentally opening my front camera during a conference call snuggling with my puppy
Gassing my Manage
got stoned before my new “brothers” delivered an acceptance letter to professional club downloading Reddit
watching the nasty on my mom's laptop
not putting my phone on silent.
telling my friend i would date them when they were with someone else
not listening to my friend in a red wagon
almost killing my girlfriend on our first date after quarantine.
trusting my co-workers
I fucked up my TV
reading the comments on a post
Very embarrassing thing happened to me
I accidentally gave my privates chili
teaching my kid a racist gesture
thinking I had the solution to dividing by 0.
getting frisky with my fiance
leaving my switch on my housemates car
Trusting a Stranger With My Account
forgetting I had work and getting violently high
trying "Anal" by myself in the shower.
Left dog poop
accepting a small business loan.
letting sibling be downstairs on their own
telling my doctors that I'm not infected after cancelling my appointment with them
i sent my friend’s mom a snap that was titled did i leave my cumsock at your house?
having my camera on in English class
TIF: Screwed up my dream job by being sassy in an interview cleaning my friend's car
Scatmanning a girl I was dating
prioritizing suicide squad over health
Updating my Printer Firmware
actually answering honestly when my boyfriend asked how big was the biggest penis I've ever been with.
learning that I can blush
passing a note back
spending my entire day programming because I thought that deadline for programs was half a year earlier than it is.
showing g up to an interview a day early.
Walking Home From School
reading a post here about a crazy girl friend and believed it was real. its not
confusing a girl I was dating with her older sister
not updating my credit card info
completely pissing off the creator of an indie game
telling my zoom court to eat ass.
throwing my back out and spending the last 29 hours in bed, unable to move or go to the bathroom, and had to enlist my landlord and business partner to help me.
holding out for the wrong job...
thinking my parents are in the garden and leaving the window open
instigating an argument with the most ghetto person on my Facebook.
casually threatening to destroy someone
getting my car stuck
being a homophobic teenager
intensely staring at a dude with a prosthetic leg
so this started like 9 years ago but I tried to fix it today and I don’t think I can.
playing with my baby at the childrens museum and getting a black eye
running from a bug
accidentally calling a black person the "n word"
replying to my ex when he said “hey babe” thinking it was my husband.
over sleeping.
I twisted my foot
pressuring myself into going down a dropper slide at a water park.
telling my wife that Donald Trump Jr. tested positive but asymptomatic.
using the all gender restroom
when I met Michelle Obama.
The Bouncy Ball and the Electric Fence
eating 2 litres of icecream
using the wrong razor
telling my parents I (39f) voted for Biden
trying to kill tarantula hawk wasp
sent a link to incestual porn into a family group chat
sleeping with best friend’s mom
letting my girl answer a FaceTime
nearly causing a lockdown with a plastic bag
leaving my mic on after a group project
awarding the wrong Reddit post
Please read this.
I vomited In a CVS
playing basketball
ordering a replacement ring and it showing up earlier than scheduled.....
Embarrassed myself
letting my girlfriend do my laundry.
Getting Stuck in Pizza Hut Purgatory
drinking more than I ever had before.
telling my 7 year daughter that we ate her pet birds
going downstairs
girl best friend kissed me and her bf is my best friend and i have a gf
poetically
giving a cab driver in Mexico an embarrassingly small tip
almost killing myself and another person with a KITE
destroying a $2200 door frame
SEXing my SEXy seXXX girlfriend's mom while sEX on Zoom with SEX
accidentally showing my tits to a friend on FaceTime
Whoops
Self-Isolation mistake
not registering (because I didn’t read the rules properly)to an exam that I could have easily passed and would have allowed me to graduate .
trying to get my wife pregnant
accidentally falling off hammock into a freezing pool
turning down a blowjob and ripped my dick instead
trying not to be "broken up" with
sexting my boyfriend while in class
my only chance of introducing myself to hottest and most famous girl in college.
not knowing the layout when going to the loo in a new bar
telling a sales call group that COVID-19 is "just a chink"
because I peed in my apartment elevator. fuck.
sending an inappropriate picture to my kids teacher.
when i almost fell in the sea from a 20m tall rock... but i didnt know how to swim by the time
not voting correctly
accidentally waterboarding my 4 year old.
making a phone prank to my Mother while drunk
having phone sex while my siblings were home
Listerine Spray in Eye
expecting my boyfriend to commiserate with me instead of trying to fix me
buy introducing myself as a fish
telling a sexual joke to a girl(19F) I’ve been talking to online and she got mad at me(21M).
masturbating while on hold for customer service
showing my naked body to strangers
underestimating the power of my vaginal muscles
giving myself nightmares
Best/Worst Run(s) of My Life
trying to be sexy (NSFW)
taking a ride from a stranger
not realizing payment comments on VENMO are public; customer asked about my anal beads
helping an old lady carry her bags.
After forbidding my 4yr old daughter from asking Siri to play “who let the dogs out”...
I flashed an entire subway car my underwear spilling half of Kirkland Signature Lasagna on the back of my calf
ordering cockrings on Amazon and my daughter asking my wife why?
thinking I was a babe magnet and looked incredible .
moaning into my friend's phone while he was calling his mom
Leaving My Car Running in the Parking Lot
using the bathroom on a small puddle jumper
releasing Satan's shower gel on my skin
asking a guy playing an accordion for money to play a pirate song
squeezing my cats toe beans too hard
accidentally revealing to my little cousin Santa isn't real
changing my arrow shortcut key in MS Word
owning a cat and having to work with water dripping on my head.
breaking my father's stereo volume knob
making my penis dance
publicly embarrassing a coworker for doing lazy work, only to find out later I was wrong about everything.
not telling my best friend that I was in Love with her.
cheating in a chilli eating contest.
recognizing a high school teacher during a Zoom call
THE MODS SUCKS SO MUCH. HOW HAVE THEY NOT REMOVED MY SHITPOST TITLED "MY NAME'S FRED HERBERT AND I'M A BAIL BONDSMAN. WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?"? IT'S BEEN HERE FOR A WHILE.
pulling out a bag of drugs during an important business meeting.
shaving myself with a tweezer
I might have shat my pants
trying to purpose to the love my life with a special among us wedding ring case
convincing an auto parts store and their customers that I verball abuse my wife
trying to fit a whole piece of sushi in my mouth
I thought I ate the new ice cream. It was not the new ice cream.
emailing my professor and not realizing that my little brother changed my name on my email
letting my dog kiss me
posting a video of me making my penis longer to my Instagram story.
looking like the joker at my cousin's quinceanera
trying to "naturally refrigerate" leftovers
trying Lotus Biscoff spread for the first time
realizing that you can open images on Reddit
Hinted to my boss that I want my friend to rape me.
for not standing up against a teacher for calling immature
kicking my fiancé's father’s balls.
eating chia seeds and ending up in hospital twice
reading a great story on Reddit
in a zoom lecture
stopping in the middle of a storm to save a turtle and getting the police involved...
jacking off onto a robe
trying to take my fiancé’s pants off
going through my girlfriend's internet history
using a chipotle bathroom that shouldn’t have been
forgetting my brother's roommate was home sleeping and screaming obscenities for an hour
because I blew up my dads car engine
Telling My Best Friend I Wanted to Sleep With Her Husband
booking flight tickets and hotel for me and my best friend after mutual agreement to become a couple
pretending to sleep.
forgetting a disabled person was disabled
walking out on the loml 😅
being lazy and NOT using a condom
making my dad a flat earther
I saved a life
biting me nerve
reading yet-another blatantly fake post without realising
getting imposter syndrome about my epilepsy
getting a handjob and having to have my dad pick me up.
Forgot to pay pet deposit
accidentally calling the police in the middle of English class and not hanging up or responding
eating really acidic foods and having diarrhoea on a school night
getting caught having one of my dad's porn CD in my textbook
Bananbread
sneezing like an asshole.
giving away 20 dollars to a stranger
not believing my cats automated litter robot when it said it was full
badgering my wife about eating raw eggs until she broke
promising my neice and best friend a kitten
Hey bro, sorry I borrowed that and didn't put it back.
pronouncing IGA as “igga”
making an alt and pretending to be 9 years old
creating a murder scene during sex
having a smart mouth around my co-workers and making a fool of myself
accidentaly posting a very awkward looking photo of me on a Instagram story
imitating my parents having sex
reading way too many post-apocalyptic books before and during an IRL pandemic.
burning an old couch which had over $10 000
assuming my work bathroom was unoccupied
peeing in and out of the shower...
saying "isnt minority rights so stupid" to my friend
telling my dad I was watching porn
almost driving into oncoming traffic
calling a bird "vagina" in front of a restaurant
leaving £400+ of music equipment on a train hours after I bought it
posing as someone else and chatting with my wife online
posting my Christmas boyfriends gift on reddit
Today I fucked up by searching up nsfw stuff on my school account
I ate gnat killer
Human Growth Hormone - Some FAQ
BAD QUARANTINE DECISIONS :////
insensitively asking for contest results knowing he is still grieving over the passing of his GMA
trash talking a patient, not knowing I was talking to her granddaughter.
I tried to show my coworkers a bird called Ayam Cemani, aka: “The biggest, blackest, cock” with google images.
overflowing the toilet with a paperball of semen
When I took a guy's virginity, queefed in his face, and kind of forgot him
pausing a video at the worst time for my mom to see it.
stepping into a thong
bouncing a check
accidentally starting music on my phone that I could not turn off during my final exam in Swedish.
being 12
in realisation, that my cloth face mask had just shrunk considerably.
thinking the stories on this sub were all legit.
forgetting that there was a condom inside me
accidentally burning my friend’s Minecraft house down.
shitting in the urinal
using a broken public toilet
ruining a twin babies first birthday
asking any friend if they suffered from a rare penis genetic disorder
cleaning out my wife’s ears while she was sleeping and perforated her eardrum
Practicing For My Singing Exam
trying to poop while absurdly constipated and ended up having a very spiritual experience that may or may not mean I have prostate cancer
eating a cricket.
asking my mom why she left her ex husband
not following proper hardware tool safety
showing the delivery man my sex lube
nearly gassing myself, my fiancé and my neighbors.
clogging the toilet at my new job.
letting my girlfriend by an odour eliminator for her car
diving into the shallow end of a pool and ruining my brother’s graduation party
finally looking up my classmates after nearly 25 years
accidentaly seeing the nudes of my uncle
booking the wrong flight tickets home
attempting that r/askmen prompt
I tried running away from my mom.
sending a snapchat to my family meant only for my buddies
plunging my hand into a vat of hot oil
washed and wore my Sherpa jacket without checking it first....
roasting my little brother too hard
“I wasn’t asleep, I turned the TV off because I panicked”
giving my neighbor eggs
being an idiot and breaking my laptop screen.
asking for a portable mic and speaker
just not going to work
totally mishandling my cake day, making me afraid of reddit
not asking teacher send question paper for exam online
Tonight I got drunk instead of going to work
I dropped my phone in water
Didn’t get the hint and now have to pay for it :/
sending a dick picture to my bank!
fucking up a chance to pump a chubby pierced goth girl
thinking I could handle my own blood
having kinky e-sex with my partner
getting my 14 month old baby a skin fade hair cut
breaking my now fiance's ankle directly after she proposed
thinking I was immune to the shits.
Cual ha sido la mayor confesión que hayan hecho, o la que haya creado mas impacto
my internet connnection
forgetting how to pee after surgery and letting a nurse look at my flacid penis
ruining my ass
not knowing the dish washer was not cleaning dishes for a year.
high-fiving a guy at my uncle in laws funeral
for forgetting my keys inside my house.
taking my gf to one of the most unsafe neighborhoods in the US for vegan ice cream
getting to comfortable on a plane.
drilling into a gas line and almost burning down the entire building 🚒
being a hairy kid unable to tolerate the pain of hair removal and losing it in a waxing salon
letting two dudes from Discord find something personal.
losing a buttplug in my asshole
driving a car without seats and a lose steering wheel.
I hate myself
shouting at my future teacher
burning my right eyelashes when lighting a bowl, &amp; tried to cut off the burnt part, making it look uneven😂😭
just wanting a day off
trying to give my cat a pill
not trading in my old phone without backing up my photos first TLDR
Today I Facked Up
Lol sorry not sorry
taking an extra edible.
deleting some photos
making moaning sounds in class
getting water after sex and walking in on my gf and her new bf having sex
being drunk and tired on the can
shitting all over the public toilet
doing my dirty dishes
trying to take a dick pic
working from home and using my personal computer
taking a dump at work
accidentally sending a photo of my ginormous poop to my crush on snap chat
accidentally making someone think I was jerking off
telling my male teacher to cut his hair
texting my dad about his penis instead of my fiancé
I cut my brother's dick and sold it on eBay
ordering a sex toy online.
nearly dying in a stupid way during these crazy times
catching a part of Thanksgiving dinner on fire
accidentally joking about my friend's dead mom
letting a friend file my taxes wrong for 5 years
hitting on my grieving colleague
sending a link instead of an image
stealing a kid's first job
taking a bath for the first time in years
eating dab pen oil
reading a mature fanfic in class
for fighting with my Friend over his StepMother literally
telling my wife I got her a gift
forgetting to inform my employer that I regularly consume diet-meth
looking at furry porn in front of a a T-Mobile employee
letting my dog drink.
Getting into what I thought was a Taxi at the DFW Airport
doing my job and accidentally scaring some lesbians.
really rally really bad.
destroying my new $15 dollar charger
spraying my head with "water"
trying to buy a roach clip
drinking water from a natural spa
throwing my son's poop-filled diaper towards the garbage
getting stuck in my couch
Turning up at the wrong sate for an important presentation.
used Tinder in Arab country -&gt; hooker chauffeur will be waking me up in the morning
making everyone on my plane in southeast Asia believe I had Coronavirus and refusing to wear a mask
I accisently called a girl I dont like cute
having a hickey
HP style
falling for a girl I shouldn't have.
donating ten times as much as was planed
leaving my projector out next to the bed
begging for free codes on r/nintendoswitch.
not realizing that deleting a photo on one device deletes it on all devices
getting whiskey in my nose
pooping myself when meeting my future in laws
dropping a game in the toilet
using a 2 year old Asian ribbed condom with a girlfriend that’s against abortion
twice by making assumptions (not a juicy story)
breaking up my best friend and his gf by implying that he was cheating with a man
cumming in my girlfriend.
calling a classmate a slur in a group chat.
racing downhill
swearing while unmuted during my zoom call
cheating myself out of selling my car by not knowing geography
nearly showing half of my class my dick pics.
squeezing handsoap all over myself
Is it just me?for using Reddit with my sister beside
falling down a waterfall.
trying to be intimate with gum in my mouth
showing my 4 year old nephew that baby bottle lollipops also have a fundip in the bottle. I left before bedtime ...
blowing a whole through my roof when I finished
because of psychological conditioning
going on a 3 day MDMA binge
My 2-year Relationship by Napping After I Just Woke Up
buying the wrong ac adaptor
telling my partner he makes my skin crawl
cheating on my dad
almost knocking my eife out with a spinning back elbow.
trying to be considerate of my peers sense of smell
spying on 2 kids making out
not knowing I could still take the final exam
accidentally sexting an old colleague
Sold a item on ebay accidently transfered the money to a ex, I think I gotta take the L🤧
walking out the door after lock picking every safe in a bank Payday 2
at the beach
not exiting Bulbapedia on my phone.
saying "happy mothers day" to my first ever date
eating too much spicy chicken and BBQ sauce
letting my bf's kid use my laptop for school thinking I damaged my hearing
having to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night
not getting cash in hand and letting someone steal my custom gaming desktop
making a sink fall on my legs
when my ex called me and I lost control on a mountain
yelled something super weird and out of context right in a strangers face
when i was trying to be sexy and a snake pooped a dead mouse on me
forgetting a key difference between my coworker and I
posting the wrong link in a zoom chat
forgetting my 2 week old baby was sleeping with me.
eating two delicious chocolate chip cookies
using my boyfriend’s computer
forgetting a cup is a cup
Vomiting in to the entrance room in our Apartment.
hitting my mom with Christmas lights and ruining family photos.
trying to console a mom whose mother was dying of cancer
stealing a package while breaking and entering
moving to another city.
Awkward sex encounter
Titkok Draft Paranoia
smacking the wrong ass
showing a first date a couple of micro-dicks.
sending two classmates (one also being a coworker) a picture of my ass in thong panties.
sleeping through alarm and being very late to work. Do not make my mistake.
sending nudes to a match in Hinge
not going out with my mom as much and now i feel like a dipshit.
taking a cold shower
Don't trust used car salesman
“thoughts...
changing/rewriting a medical document
pulling an 80-year-old "Alien Invasion" Halloween gag on a friend.
giving a blowjob in the rain
twice, one by car, second by card
sending a detailed spreadsheet about my favourite pornstars to my boss
making my grandmother cry on her anniversary.
not checking my stock order correctly
Today was one of those days.
Really big fuck up
clicking the wrong button.
leaving chili in my suitcase
wanting to get a "quick smoke"
Trying to give my cat her pills
forgetting to take off my contacts before hopping in the pool
Yogurt + keyboard
literal SHITPOST
cumming all over my face
offering a classmate a free book
making my younger cousin touch a cloth iron
Today I fucked up ruining a friendship i valued so much
trying to buy an Xbox Series X from Best Buy
literally having butt naked, steamy hot sex with my beautiful girlfriend
serenading my zoom class with a german soldatenlied
mistaking mosquito repellant for a skin care product
visiting a prostitute after a bad break up
taking all of my exams without a lockdown browser
almost getting a happy ending NSFW
Quarantined birthday, home drinking and shitty consequences.
picking up dogshit with my hand
not having lube
Broke the door at work today.
Peeing on my friends bbq grill
surprising my husband at work.
failing NNN in first 8 hours of it
for looking at this sub
not charging my drone.
at work. I trusted a guy to have the tight amount of money in change and it was 4 dollars short.
trying to outsmart a cat.
hurting my back at the pool after seeing the most beautiful girl I’ve ever seen
sleeping so close to the edge of my bed.
running naked out of my house to "rescue" my nephew
laughing at tragic story
cooking my hamster some popcorn
watching YouTube
eating sugar free wafers
missing my cake day for the second year in a row
almost recreating a moment from a Hannibal Lecter novel.
🤢
attempting to pull an all-nighter (still going strong at 5 am).
not knowing what ladyfingers are
watching porn at work
because I wrote my mental breakdown on Twitter and now i'm afraid that my bf got tired
threatening and innocent old lady
putting a glass bottle of soda water in the freezer
misinterpreting a message and making my whole family cry
taking my infant sons to a public toilet
turning in a cooking final video with bad words
wrecking my phone more that it already is.
posing with a big ass joint
scaring my baked wife
By going down on my GF and getting any roommates hair in my mouth
having acid delivered to my house in my boyfriend’s name
cutting my hole...
poo poo by wify in bed
Calling a Moe's worker a disappointment
accidentally starting a war in primary school over leaves
I was doing shit that I shouldn't be doing now i am fucked
Dad, that isn't liverwurst
being disowning a girl who had a crush on me.
putting heat cream on my thighs
trying to turn off my phone alarm
RECORDING MY PROJECT ON MY PSP INSTEAD OF MY CAMERA
rushing into work
soiling my mates spare bed and covering it up
Why don’t I stretch more?
letting my dog tattle on my SO's sex habits
trying to joke around with my coworkers
running out of a Uber
potentially finding a scary/illegal site.
watching a meme
By visiting a swingers club
You are all the things that are wrong with you.
joining my schools musical and now everyone thinks I’m a perv
going on a walk on the beach and getting lost
wasting my entire day...again.
having normal clothes while living in a tent with a cat
Flashing My Friend
My class thinks that I’m into incest
crashing my car a day after getting my license
thinking a gay couple was actually homophobic, and now one thinks the other is cheating on him
ruining my beard with laser hair removal
almost setting a forest fire...
being surprised someone was female, and then responding to a joke and offending someone else unintentionally
telling my fiance to feed our puppy
calling someone out for cutting a long line at home depot.
Frying my Cousin’s Computer Build
drinking a latte when I’m lactose intolerant
Getting so drunk and high I accidentally shit in my basement laundry tub.
eating my ex out and vomiting on her
scared a lady senseless
not consulting another vet sooner and letting my cat suffer
falling asleep during a zoom class
not revealing my mom's cancer
sleeping with four different generations of the same family.
saying 'boner' in my class
laughing at the fact someone died.
going to sleep after drinking
using lysol instead of bleach.
burning and permanently disfiguring my genitalia
mixing capsaicin with my naughty bits
waking up thirsty and reaching for the wrong glass in the middle of the night.
posting a sarcastic tik tok
visiting my crush at the bar she works at on NYE
letting two baby crows get killed in my backyard
trying scallops for the first time
hardcore Facebook stalking my crush
I used my husband’s washcloth to clean the shower and then he used it to shower with!
thinking my Laptop was broken for two years when it wasn't
accidentally hosting an orgy
cumming with the spongebob theme song blasting in my ears
unintentionally lying and getting caught
freezing candy
barely starting my finals due in 12 hours I had all week to start.....
Streaming to reddit
forgetting to wear a bra to work
masturbating to what sounded like 2 people having sex.
not knowing about the effects of Prune Juice.
applying for a job as a zookeeper...and not having a strong stomach.
I shaved my face with the razor I use for my groin by accident, how badly did I fuck up?
spreading a new virus
asking the girl im into if shes sore if front of a dozen people.
not using the prop bar for the hood of my gf’s car.
being a super horny 13 year old
getting baited into sending nudes
Worse sexual experience that you’ve had
not pooping for several days before a hook up
bleeding all over my boyfriends birthday present
playing doki doki literature club at 11:30 at night
buying an ice cream
“Hello, Customer Service how may I help you?”
Overslept for school, kicked out because of COVID.
spilling a gallon of fermented pee in my parent's house
ruining a wall in friend's apartment
kissing my homie on the lips
for spending the $50 that my mom gave me (my 29th birthday) on an amateur bondage video ($37) and a second birthday cake for my self only ($11)?
falling for an Uber scam, which impelled me to tip over $300!
drinking Green Tea and being sarcastic
reciting my memories
only ordering 1 coffee
taking a massive sh*t, ripping my a*s, and clogging the toilet
delivering food
letting my best friend have a guy over
forgot to set a timer....
taking nudes close to a window w/o courtainsDomino story
Got scammed out of $1,180
I'm SUPER embarrassed right now after having to describe my penis extender to a woman from the customs department
attempting to deepthroat my boyfriend
calling my gf with my ex gf name
killing a plant
asking my neighbor to stop smoking in front of my door, leading to a fight involving a human shit
Hotbox-farted my car while in fast food drive thru.
crashing my car
going to the Emergency Room
me being a bonehead
thinking my drug test for my new job was good, when I had to take another one without knowing.
saying someone else's name when my gf tried waking me up with a gift.
making my sleeping smell like jizz
fracturing my wrist during quarantine.
spilling coffee all over my friend's wall
taking a screen shot
Leaving Vampire Teeth in my Cupholder
talking to other girls to protect myself from the girl I actually like
doing something involved with sex
watching zootube
not noticing water in my ear resulting in having both eardrums punctured.
calling bullshit on my step-dad
snitching on my colleagues/friends pissing on the Top of the toilet
on Snapchat.
Unforgivable sin
stepping on my bike
being a lazy idiot for weeks
Making My Toaster not Toast
harassing my neighbor at 2am.
thinking I could lie my way out of lactose intolerance
not closing the curtains to my room.
putting Listerine breath strips on my scrotum
because habits don’t die
Teaching my niece some new words.
giving my co-worker a nickname on Facebook Messenger
trying to do laundry, and accidentally giving my cat a wild ride.
accidentally having hot sex with a hot woman.
becouse my mother nicknamed me 'negro'
Self own assisted by the Starbucks app...
accidentally sharing a smutty fanfic with a friend
5 Volts. 2 Amps. Two bare wires touching each other with zero resistance.
my Grandmother jizzing all over my girls face
when I made my Uber driver have an existential crisis
when my husband heard me having sex
brushing my teeth with an industrial grade de greaser hand soap
and I had to inchworm out a hole in the bottom of my bedroom door.
wanting a pop tart
being too lazy to pause
forgetting that wax melts
Saved company money, got fired
feeding my baby a container of prunes
I totally f***** up serious please read until the end serious please read until the end
getting into a crappy Mexican elevator
and was open about my wants with my weight with my parents
getting a nose bleed while hooking up with my BF at the movies and running into both my mom and my paramedic instructor.
How I Almost Died in the Shower
mistaking a thorny twig for a snake and breaking my leg
going to the wrong Dr
I fell asleep before I could be the tooth fairy
using a Q-Tip in my ear
not verifying email for my Reddit account
leaving my online class late by 3 minutes.
walking out of a bathroom stall with my pants and undies around my ankles
Habits trace generations
ruining my cousins most valued possession
Jejdjfbn
giving my dog an edible to calm him down.
using icy hot before running
forgetting to take out the trash
I accidentally joined the KKK
getting an Uber to my home
opening a message over bluetooth
Spagoot-Berry’s Little Boy
traumatizing my sister
eating curry sauce off my shirt
not throwing out my Period Pads
I think I gave myself some form of nerve damage while masturbating.
FOR POSTING EDGY CONTENT
googling the answers to an online exam
The time I got caught going in the women's bathroom in public!
sending my CRUSH my nudes
getting kicked in the nuts
watching Drag race with my 4 year old...
exposing my furry boyfriend to my best friend.
spilling pee everywhere
accidentally using hand sanitizer for lube
using a grill on high settings and almost becoming Freddy Krueger
doing dishes
acting very badly. Now my mom can't be with her kids and watch them as a legal guardian
not getting horny
having my mom see my pocket pussy
Accidentally Breaking Up With My Boyfriend
forgetting one of my allergies
telling back teller to stop treating me like a child
demanding that my girlfriend show me where she buried our beans in the woods, causing her to break up with me.
not recording my evening poop
unknowingly fucking my aunt.
being curious with a razor
decking a attendant in the face
ACTUALLY upsetting my SO in a stupid way
because my Mom had an appointment
putting Lakota roll-on muscle pain reliever on my back, using the toilet and then having a shower.
mistakingly using Armageddon chillies and torturing my family.
while passed out on the couch
peeing in my girl's butt my mistake.
for my crush getting angry on me
getting a ‘hoodie’
ruining my own proposal
getting my husband drunk
saying in class we should “go back” to using an outdated racial slur.
watching a rerun of a 96 Bulls playoff game.
trying to be sexy
on the toilet
Today I fucked up a real estate home showing by falling asleep
not trying basic computer troubleshooting for TWO YEARS
having my boyfriend wrap his thighs around my neck
acting cute for my husband but drooled on him instead
responding “I love you” when my BF said “I want to f*ck you”
letting an innocent one out at work
not having enough post karma
badly by waking up late.
trying to park in a deck at 3 AM.
Thanking the Wrong Relatives
not specifying what kind of cider donut I wanted.
Giving him molly
riding a bicycle without a shirt or closed shoes
running to my locker
not checking reddit until a minute before midnight on my cake day.
not realising I was the reason everything smelt like cat wee
wanting to donate blood.
When I sent a semi-nude of a friend to my programming teacher.
Kipper farts are a dangerous thing.
catching feelings for my side chick
giving an online car dealership my real phone number.
spoiling my Christmas gifts
not emptying my menstrual cup
being unintentionally passive aggressive
laughing at a porn joke in front of my parents
Loud mouth..
snooping around my grandpa's computer.
becoming the 'Trash Man'
I made a sexual instagram account and accidentally linked it with my phone contacts.
Let's get a free stock
misspelling a simple word.
not changing my reddit password.
putting egg drop soup on a loose shelf in the fridge, causing it to fall and explode all over the kitchen, and then while standing there in shock, I sneezed but held it in for some reason and ended up shitting myself.
and Got banned from a great sub for an accidental post on the wrong sub. The post was deleted 2 seconds after posting but I’m still banned.
drinking someone else's beer
asking for the "date rape" drug
submitting the wrong file as my resume
successfully convincing my 7 year old I had been taken over by an alien
Accidentally Free Climbing a Mountain
making a George Floyd shitpost on r/conspiracy and people took me seriously...
getting my girlfriend a "sentimental" gift...
copying my gf(23)'s habit that I didn't like
getting 20+ students suspended from high school several years after grauduating.
biting my nails.
dropping my dogs ashes
sending a article about anonymous and tiktok to my sister
getting into the wrong car
having a uterus 🙃
cockblocking my slideshow
nibbling at random stains on a blanket
admiring a woman's magnificent rump
Almost ruining my first job, on my first day of work
peeing on my psychiatrist's couch.
letting my little nephew watch Guillermo del Toro's "Pan's Labyrinth"
getting an accidental (and unnecessary) colonoscopy.
telling my whole nursing cohort, instructors and dean I wanted to have sex
a $100,000 car.
turning my daughter into a fart machine
Gg
eating way to strong of an edible while my parents were home
trying to give a girl my snap
thinking I overdosed on Adderall
losing my dream job
telling my girlfriend I love them
losing all the files inside my computer and infecting my home network.
misreading the deadline on my masters thesis.
forgetting my mask. (toilet issues)
spraining my ankle because I was playing animal crossing.
UPDATE  giving a homeless man a place to live then made him homeless again.
not calling attention
I shit my pants accidentally
binge watching Narcos almost got me an ass kicking
drinking milk and finding out the hard way I’m lactose intolerant
telling a YO MAMA joke to my crush
taking a picture of my passport in the bathroom.
not going to the dentist for over 5 years.
oversleeping before work
My teacher is disappointed at me
being totally inappropriate with my husband's boss.
working on my truck and getting gas sprayed in my eyes.
I accidentally sent a penis sticker to my teacher
trying to impress my bored nephew.
playing The Doors at a family skating rink
moving my cat in the back of a UHaul
waking up with a cold
If a friend sends a link, don't bother
tearing my ballsack
The brotherhood of the travelling farts
embarrassing myself on a date in the most cartoonish, impossible way possible
not checking to see if the toilet seat lid was up
having a virtual party with the boys
walking into the wrong class
continuing to eat a bagel bite that was too hot and ending up with a blister on the roof of my mouth
By proposing by putting a ring in her food but she ended up eating it.
Dropping my phone
Xrays
trying to get it on with the wifey
getting fired by my covid denying boss
telling nudists “we don’t have to take our clothes off to have a good time”!
sending my friend's Step Mother a pornographic gif
telling my date she tastes like fish
keeping the wrong company
TIFI by getting caught at work.
accidentally switching my "preferences"....
watching a porn that almost gave me a heart attack. Nsfw
sending nudes to a girl
causing my girlfriend to splash pee across the wall during her pregnancy appointment
listening to a cool song
going to college
spending all my birthday money on a new phone
cosplaying Gollum in front of a video call in only a bra
Idiots drunk driver and stupid crazy people crash me and ru
posting a selfie of myself on r/teenagers and going semi viral
slicing my face open in the shower
going for a weekend vacation in a storm.
thinking my wife was drinking again but I was just interrupting some private time.
picking up my dog
eating potato chips
turning myself into a human bread making machine
Pissed Off A Ghost
giving a homeless person an expensive bottle of wine
I made my dog mad because I’ve been working OT at this hospital because of this virus causing him to leave me a turds which ultimately clogged my toilet. Not knowing how to use a plunger, I had to poo in a box and left evidence for my bf to find because opossums don’t use toilet paper.
realizing that being wealthy is terrible.
being to cheap to take this girl to a hotel, instead doing her in public and ruining my future opportunities with her.
introducing my SO to Reddit. NSFW
laughing in a customers face
accidentally sending my discord server an nsfw image that's (scarily close to underage)
watching whole Rocketman movie with audio description on.
putting a dead mouse in the pocket of my mother's house robe.
having dinner with my cousin and his buddies and telling a waitress to fuck off.
feeding my dogs grapes without checking if its safe.
accidentally touched asses with girl
shipping my package to Gabon
I know that mexican kid...
getting into an argument while in a work meeting
having self-love time after a surgery
when I failed to lift my girlfriend
hiding the engagement ring in a bad spot.
making my coworker vomit
trying an edible (A tad NSFW)
Feeling bummed and uncertain over a missed interview today
getting hospitalized via an Auxiliary cable. #NSFW
missing my train Station while using Reddit.
and I said “thank you”
when someone asked for my number at a McDonald's
starting a fight between an elderly couple in my neighborhood with my halloween costume.
updating my grandma's laptop to Windows XP
make sure you have the right input.
i sent my friend’s mom a snap instead of my friend
not changing my underwear before a neuro exam
not lying before my surgery
Bathroom embarrassment
not looking at my phone for a while
crashing a car
eating soap
having the hearing of a jellyfish and having the brain of a turtle
keeping a white elephant gift
making my mother-in-law absolutely hate me
trying to get an afternoon off school
tryna act tough
burning my nuts
Exposing yourself to a hotel night shift? Check.
muting myself during a college zoom lecture
recommending a game to my 80 year old father-in-law
putting my phone on silent mode
mistakenly getting stoned. Again!
almost getting expelled
Drinking Out Of My Ashtray
cracking my knucklebone punching minecraft wolves because of sleeping pills
missing my 10 year cake day by one day
missing my cake day I (literally) have been waiting five years for
I broke my phone...again...
Going to the Beach
throwing a slug at my husband
logging out of an account
flashing my engaged professor and becoming the campus slut overnight.
Base Lockdown Left Me Covered in Urine - Thanks, Iran
accidentally inflating my wife's cheeks
going kayaking and not wearing my life jacket.
accidentally pinging all server admins on Discord
leaving the stove on &amp; warming up my diesel truck while my (70F) landlord's window was open (made her feel ill)
confessing to my mom that I snorted cocaine for 4 months when I was 15 years old
not cleaning out my underwear drawer
not parking right and making my car stink
sticking two in the pink and one in the stink
listening to Anna Fevdora perform Rachmaninov's Second Piano Concerto
fapping to asmr porn
being stupid and snooping trying to disconnect me headphones
doing
mooning my neighbor that I didn’t know I had
What should I do?
going to a nearby park to feed squirrels some peanuts, only to be stalked by a few gay guys in a known local gay hookup spot.
accidentally attaching my name to what was supposed to be an anonymous email I sent to my CEO and Senior Vice Presidents.
entering the wrong fitting room.
smelling like weed and having to shit.
studying for an AP Test
trying to save a little money
accidentally going to the wrong airport and also accidentally smuggling weed through international customs NSFW
selling an iPad and accepting payment via Venmo, not realizing that it goes against their user agreement
Buy Positive Google Reviews
dying my hair my natural color
yelling at my brother and forget to mute the class
having sex with my best friend
forgetting to lock the bathroom door
trusting Firefox's permission dialog
accidentally posting nudes on Instagram story
applying a LPT that I read on Reddit about how you should link songs with memories
calling my teacher a mom
when accidentally laughing
almost caught attempting to hang myself
crushing, squeezing and twisting the bosses testicles.
sending a document saved under a derogatory term about a coworker then sent it to a multiuser email which he was part of and so was the squadron commander
setting the toaster on fire at work
masturbating with hand sanitizer
Today I Fucked Up, I was on top of a car today.
not doing my english homework for six weeks and im in big trouble.
popping a spot and giving myself a pimple facial NSFW popping a spot and giving myself a pimple facial NSFW
Overwatch - xQc | Legends Never Die | (Official Video)
chatting while masked
growing a coke nail for many years
adding my newly estranged mom on Facebook
hugging a teddy bear.
This is Vapid..
I recorded a load of obscure old 70s funk 45s from Latin America and the rest of it he world. It’s : The Don Of Latin Funk - Volumen Cuatro - Fun-K-City. Get funky
trying to fuck myself (literally)
looking at my husbands messages and seeing him obsess over a pornstar
today i fucked up by finishing an exsam in an hourd.
shitting in a toilet in an unventilated public place.
letting my daughter get addicted to final fantasy
shocking my husbands dick
going to an out of town High School
headbutting my girlfriend and nearly punching her in the face.
accidentally telling my boss to human centipede the leader of North Korea.
making a possibly offensive joke
forgetting my best friend's Birthday
calling my dad dick
making salt cookies
using mouthwash
setting the toaster at work on fire
forgetting to clear out my photo drive of NFSW content and my parents having it show up on their TV
having the confidence of prime Tony Hawk before I started skateboarding
First date I feel like I fucked up.Karma's Store
almost getting suspended
The time I almost hung myself
getting too casual with the way I talk to my toddler.
Tofu by yawning in a Google meet.
saying goodbye.
updating my computer
for sexy sexy sex sex porn
getting my brother who just got out of jail arrested
Dyed my tongue black like a bumbling idiot.
ripping the tag off my sweats
vaping my oil thc pen
putting the engine oil in the transmission this running our side by side without oil.
playing with my food and making my boss think I was doing drugs
losing my temper with a customer
ignoring some pain after a fall
speaking to a guy at the wrong place and wrong time
breaking my own nose in anger.
Giving myself Strep
shaving my nuts
submitting the wrong file
blocking my stepmom from accessing the WiFi.
Bad opener to my Aunt
leaving a spider in the living room
letting my friend drive my custom built mini bike
I overdosed on medical marijuana last night and my parents spent all night in ER with me
Looking up an escort at work
getting Barred out and Fucking a Plant
making a post that hit the front page.
because two guys came to setup a bed I bought from their store. Inside the room they were setting up the bed, was an expensive thing I hid...
I did a fucked up thing
boiling spaghetti in Fanta
Scrolling Too Far Through My Mother’s Amazon Account
eating too much of my moms spaghetti
Look at my username
not being on the same wavelength of my wife.
fed slugs to my friends and family.
crawling into a bear vagina 🐻
accidentally clicking reply all to an company email sent to thousands of employees.
Trying to Shave My Ass
drinking nearly a whole bottle of champagne by myself
Got blackout drunk and nearly burned the house down
bleeding on my boyfriend
locking myself out of my Airbnb.
almost getting my friend and his family evicted
saying something on speakerphone with my kid around
Tester 2
trying to save a bird.
overdressing to my first job interview
Hydraulic jacked off
making someone believe I wanted to eat shit
yelling don’t be a pussy in the lobby at work
I decided to show my 6 year old animal loving sister the picture of a cute piglets whilst she eats a ham sandwich. She no longer wants to eat meat.
blowing on a razor to help clean it up
doing almost no homework for an entire trimester and lying to my family so I could stay at a Disneyland hotel.
not wishing happy birthday to my grandmother
forgetting about time zones accompanied by mistyping
Today I fucked up by fingering myself of eating flaming hot cheetos
accidentally giving myself a caffeine dependency
getting a very large couch immovably stuck in a very small historic door
not understanding "girl code" and accidentally telling my friend I was willing to roofie her
Sharing a picture of my delicious homemade bacon breakfast to the family group chat, in an attempt to show off my cooking skills
having le sexy sex.
breaking into my online class with a fake account.
telling my online class I was doing drugs and taking them to the restroom with me
maintaining my 1113 day streak on Duolingi
getting stoned and memeing on an application
Open mouth, insert foot.
using a wank sock
I threw up and shit on the Walmart bathroom floor
sending another post to my crush.
drinking spoiled coconut milk
Not shooting my shot
accidentally making a racist joke in public
trusting a pedophile
"สมุทรปราการ-สุโขทัย" ฉลุยรอบ 8 ทีม สรุปผล "TL LOCKDOWN" Season 2 วันที่ 3
Yummy
breaking my head and being followed by the police
letting a not bro spider chill out in my car.
giving myself a minor case of Tinnitus
posting a nude to my fb messenger story.... help
causing a gas leak via car
being racist at the age of 6
Got $490 ticket for speeding
washing the dishes
By seeking medical advice.
gassing while getting up to use the restroom.
I was caught smoking
My pp hurts like hell
making a WW2 joke in Manchester.
trying to collapse a stroller with my daughter still sitting in it
losing my gf, dignity and body control (and a good pair of trousers)
eating piss
forgetting to put water in my easy mac and cheese
opening Craigslist Housing Wanted at work
my making people at my mom neglects me
for blurting out I want to have a down-syndromed fetus aborted
Doing What My Girlfriend Said
ejaculating in a chocolate milkshake bottle.
Fishing Trip Disaster
taking a cum shot just after fake tanning
throwing a bottle at my friend while he tried to poke me, and hit my tv
not knowing what a ladyfinger is
breaking my wife's nose
Sent Mom a Graphic Sext from a Tinder Match
forgetting disc drives aren't on some newer consoles
forgetting how to pee in the middle of my exam
My relationship (help)
hiding out for 3+ hours wearing nothing except a tiny towel
making a small mistake that’s gone out of my hand.
stucking a bouncing ball in my ass
making a guy I like laugh so hard he ended up in a hospital and I almost lost my job.
I'm ing at every workday except thursday
joining on google meet with camera on
Deep in debt
up telling my drunk girlfriend I didn't want to go to the strip club.
thinking I was suppose to take off my jacket before I entered the room
playing an NSFW song in a team meeting
opening 10,000 porn tabs at school
TOFU by ordering a package and having it shipped through Fed-Ex.
i dont want to spoil so read but i do mess up in a pretty weird way
telling the girl I like that she was bad in bed.
being so desperate for weed that I ended up going to the hospital in a 5th world country
accidently bringing a ferret to school - A friend's story - TLDR @ The Bottom
almost injuring/killing my 2 coworkers for some tea
almost killing my friend
leaving my boyfriends house early
Eating atomic wings and not washing my hands before going numer 1
HELP!! I took NyQuil instead of DayQuil and need to study for an exam
posting a choc bar through the door for the little girl next door forgetting she has a dog!
breaking the school’s megaphone that the whole school needs tomorrow
calling my girlfriend's mother "baby"
loosing my bowels in the parking lot storm drain of my local supermarket...NSFW
Inappropriately touching someone during class
having my *toy* discovered
picking up my cat to show him a bug
getting to drunk at a party and did lots of dumb stuff
betting my child that narwhals don’t exist
telling company X that I may have an offer from a rival company Y
not being lady like
r/
getting my grandfather high
choosing a class with the professor who flunked my a**
looking like an aggressive racist.
Trying my dad's special sugar
peeing by the highway in Monaco
challenging a family friend
forgetting about our Roomba
For those that want a nasty story
thinking I was ready to move out.
giving my friend some essential oil
stumbling muddy, sweaty, lost, tits out, into a middle school graduation.
closing down the gym with covid
pretending the cum wasn't mine
letting I guy with long fingers nails you know finger me can cut my ass crack.
giving my cats a prawn
forgetting my car keys in my boyfriend’s bed
twice, once by having sex in our bedroom while thinking my new kitten was asleep in the other room and the other was posting this story already with the worst title known to man.
falling asleep in class and accidentally turning my mic on
painting a close friend's junk orange
Throwing My Wife’s Retainer in the Garbage Disposal
forgetting to turn off my mic in class
losing thousands of dollars to a scam
trashtalking in the back of a friend
sticking my daughters balls in my mouth
eating noodles I found deep in a cupboard
trying to give myself a bikini wax but burning the f*ck outta my hand before I could even start
confronting some people who I thought were my friends.
saying my friend's mom looked like Howard Stern.
lying about catching the chicken pox
getting out of bed too quickly.
putting sticky slime in my friends hair
when I hurried home before the pizza got cold .
playing a new video game in front of my religious parents
celebrating my gf's birthday... in the wrong month
TIGU by opening a seldom used cabinet only to find about a million fruit fly eggs coating everything in it. Didn't notice until they were scattered in my kitchen.
biting a cupcake in the middle of the darkness
drinking too much at Thanksgiving
ironing my underware with fresh ejaculate on it.
LPT:  not vetting a company hiring me
wearing a silky shirt
not bringing a net and not having clippers for a hook.
Following an employee in the back of IHOP (PEDOPHILE)
Nearly killed myself at work.
calling my fill in doctor “Doctor Locum” for the full 20 minute session without her correcting me and the whole office probably thinking that I am an idiot!
Today I fucked up by playing marco polo inside
smashing my friends phone down a toilet
throwing the vacuum filter into a fire
getting the clap on my first tinder hookup
buying a lemon
forgetting that we're remodeling the kid's bathroomI mustache you a question..
pissing in my girlfriends bed
letting a mod mute me on a discord music channel
telling my coworker I don’t know how to read a analog clock.
writing the wrong informations for a money transfer
living in a non-soundproofed apartment.
reminding my friend of his dead dog...
almost blinding myself!
for coming way to late home and for not being able to post it here
I fucked up simply by not reading and being attentive, I'm simply baffled
I had SEXY SEX (gone sexual) 🙈 OOPSIE 🥴
giving a blowjob
not being aware of my volume settings (kind of NSFW)
By remembering a very traumatic childhood memory involving the ninja turtles
picking up and inspecting some fallen “beef”
moving my neighbors trash
accidentally slapping a small french child in the face
almost getting the whole fam detained at the airport
Lost my retainer
talking with my best friend about my sex life
stepping in a skunk
I'm currently sat in the bathroom and am contemplating living here permanently.
Oopsies
booking the wrong £1000 flight to Bali on a non-refundable tickets.
accidentally meeting a real (almost) 35-year old virgin and asking for gravy
NOT measuring my pp
thinking my adult acne was due to stress from being back in school, turns out it wasn't.
letting my girlfriend watch Jojo Rabbit with the window open
letting my bf's brother eat a corn that i was mastrubating with
submitting the file as my resume
laughing with my mic on in english class
telling my employer I have aspergers. I was immediately terminated from my position. #EcoCannabis
eating two McRib sandwiches.
backing up my car
writing a fake love letter to my ex crush
The Great Uno Reverse: how I screwed up my own life in one easy step trying to be a badass.
foreshadowing a lobotomy.
doing a switcheroo in virtual school
peeing on my brother
contaminating an entire load of washing with petrol
having the worst timing ever
CORONA SPACIAL
eating Dollar Tree Jerky
I am so stupid I thought I was a good person
picking my girlfriend up from work
leaving a bucket of bleach on the floor that my cat jumped into.
telling my crush/coworker that I liked her
petting a dog and getting called a pedophile on social media.
agreeing to a fortnite dare
Sometimes the little things make us feel the big stupid
using my supervisor's override number without him even being clocked in
when I realized facebook tells you when you take a screenshot on a video call
buying everyone an AncestryDNA kit and ruining Christmas
eating cookies I was told didnt have nuts in them
posting the coffin dance meme in my work chat and making my manager think I'm a racist
LISTEN TO THIS CHU FUCKEY NASSHOLE
overfeeding my friend's cat
I went on holiday and got bored so i watched hentai as for entertainment
trying to repair my dishwasher
and misused my bc and now I’m scared
school block everything
Sending a Drawing of Hilary Clinton’s Vulva to My Mother.
putting magnets in the shape of boobs
trying to clean my ass with bleach.
Accidentally Dming Arnold Schwarzenegger.
cutting bangs for myself
letting a drunk psychopath move in with me.
Nearly Dying After a Memorial Day Workout
not knowing I was having small seizures and almost driving home
climbing into the duvets, probably making me claustrophobic
talking to a sugar mommy and ended up losing money rather than earning money
letting my mom decide how many upvotes for my dad to stop smoking.
leaving my butt plug on a pile of clothes
when I left my phone at the park
having Medicaid
loosing a beer
writing until 3am tonight.
going to an event in the wrong city that has the same name as my city.
using a leaf blower
TIFUpdate. Crossword Puzzles.
forgetting I had to take my cousin to the gym
with my Credit Card
ripping open (deep) my asshole
wasting time repairing a phone
nutting in the shower76
drooling into the touchpad of my laptop while sucking a dildo. :(
I lost 360$ worth of games
"screaming" like a maniac
The thinks you can think when you're trying to make a drink -AKA- Today I drank (ate?) curdled yoghurt
exiting a game on steam
exposing my dental grindguard to UV light.
reminding a co-worker they have a dead child.
awarding GOLD to the generic bot judgment post instead of OP.
liking my crushes's retweets
clicking mute twice
talking to girls
By getting concussed by a cat ( raw story)
trying to put on acrylic nails while high
getting a pet ferret
locking myself in my own bathroom
inviting my ex from 3 years ago to my home.
leaving my purse next to my bed
noticing that I didn’t send my homework to my teacher
being accidentally super creepy Sherlock Holmes style (no stalking involved)
cheating with an abusive asshole
a bedtime story
trying to overclock my friend’s PC
getting frisky with my friend, falling off a bed, cutting my head open, and giving my friend’s sister PTSD
Mowing
bringing my glass San Pellegrino bottle to school
dropping and breaking a $1500 laptop after a month of buying it
making a girl drink peppermint extract
not knowing where the sauna is.
being labeled a racist...
deliberately failing an entrance test.
showing a colleague my reddit
watching a cat poop
accidentally masturbating in class to the cat in the hat
going to sleep with a butt plug. Woke up a few hours later, and couldn't find it anywhere! You are guessing right when you imagine where could have gone.
raising my voice at a coworker and he quit on the spot
cutting myself while sharpening my machete.
loosing my glasses to the ocean waves at the beach
What I've always feared has come to pass; pee'd been the toilet rim and seat
taking my meds all at once and choking
denting my guitar :(
mistaking dried bone broth for beef jerky and pouring it down my gullet.
not using a bathroom when I had the chance, thus having to unleash into a shoe while driving on the highway.
answering a phone call from my potential employer, while stoned, and told them that I had died from COVID because I thought it was my friends pulling a prank me
drinking mold
Mashed finger
putting soup in my fridge
messing up my sandwich order
using speech to text
wasting my 30th birthday present from my mother in a stupid drunken state.
turning my oven on.
matching with my boyfriend’s brother on tinder!
boiling chicken
telling my brother that I had a friend in Malta and broken off with them in just a few days post that
drinking spoiled milk
taking a sip out of a bottle of what I thought was not poisonous, when it really was a bunch of zig' buds and leftover soda
accidentally calling my ex and literally shitting myself
causing the fire alarm in my whole apartment complex to go off
being a dense dumbass
riding my bicycle and having its seat break off
and let my kid break her arm
Yelling at kids
spraying vomit all over my perfect date's place
eating a whole box of gummies on a school field trip
admitted to my girlfriend i imagine her as a cockroach during sex (nsfw)
wearing sweatpants and needing to pee
having my dad get stuff I had left behind at my exes
propositioning my coworker
leaving an engagement ring, and my work backpack, inside my car.
not shaving my cooch and going to the beach
Waking up with a cold...
eating a "Slim Jim" on Keto.
screwing my boss at a work party
for putting The Bible under my bed.
I just spent like 8 hours installing a goddamn tempered glass on my phone
leaving my cross dressing bra for my mom to see
committing third degree vehicular fishicide. (Uhh.. short? Ish?)
giving someone a Totoro plushie for Christmas
writing angry sexual letters to Animal villagers
getting blood all over my dorm room.
starting a new exercise routine
shocking myself on a live wire.
feeding my cat double the amount he should get.
my walking in on my sister while being completely naked
watching a psychedelic horror movie on acid
getting my anus massaged
causing a feedback loop on Zoom
walking while cleaning my ears
being too tired in the morning
forgetting it's a leap year
after I tried to show off my rapping skills when I hit my sister
getting bored enough to attempt trespassing and getting caught.
teaching my child secret talk
doing a fireball enema
playing VR around a pregnant chick.
House Full if Chlorine Gas
not taking a picture of my work schedule. again.
drinking way too much alcohol
breaking the trust of my Gf
naming my dog Percy.
depositing a grant award check into my personal account
When I Lost My World
believing all these fake posts
exposing to my whole family that I am a stoner.
Nearly getting hit by a car because I was being stupid
misunderstanding a word and avoiding an entire industry
sharting all over the living room floor
drinking coffee
putting my care in neutral on an icy hill
Just another black guy.
setting a dumpster on fire
attempting to do something out of character.
getting fooled bad
he he he he he he he he
making my dick bleed uncontrollably for hours
shitting with my dog
buying a broken guitar from a thrift store for $100
Pranking the local Mexican restaurant worked a little too well
enabling my dogs
not using my monitor to its full potential
showing dick pics to my teacher.
unintentionally catapulting my hamster across the room
putting too much spice on a T-bone Steak
accepting a job with ryanair in Germany
quietly holding a grudge for several years and getting found out by being careless
not being ready for tinder
Gliding someone else's post
taking my ADHD meds right before getting off work
Today I fucked up by going to dollar general only to get banned
conditioning myself to masturbate to Minecraft videos
playing my brother's music at a party
referencing a Nine Inch Nails song
smoking weed when i was extremely drunk
Starting a war
going into the biggest interview of my life with dog pee on my sleeve.
trying to shop online.
trying to set a best time driving to work.
putting my sourdough starter in a warm place
trying to do an experiment, so I don’t register my accounts with an email because I live with my parents and don’t want them finding out about my Reddit as it’s personal (I’m also a 17 year old trans girl) so I decided to make some throwaway reddit accounts to find out what my sexuality was
feeling bad for a kid who lied about having brain cancer
thinking I was locked in cafe toilet
not admitting I have ADHD
telling my history class I'm circumcised
unintentionally being a perv
forgetting about my pet ant colony
eating too many cheetos before going down on my boyfried
for getting tased by my grandmother
looking to my roommate pc and discovered a story with my best friend
talking to a homeless person
getting catfishes by a transgender who kissed me
Carrying My Cat
not proofreading a team trophy order
and my stepdad saw me naked
Today I fucked up by opening myself too much at class
possibly) by getting upset that my FWB doesn’t want to spend New Years Eve with me.
getting kicked out of most of Europe
not sleeping early
joining a discord and having my personal information shared all over the internet.
pissing myself and puking while my daughter called 911
Making a racist comment at work
Today I fucked up by sending my crush an nsfw image
sneezing while sitting on the toilet
forgetting what day it is
Locking Myself Out Of My Own House Naked. Neighbors Saw All. Of. It.
almost getting a girl pregnant because I forgot to be responsible
thinking people clapping for coronavirus key workers were clapping for me
JUMPING OUT OF A RUNNING TRAIN
writing my gf name on my forearm with a blade and didn't even get the chance to show her.
making tacos and having sex with my girlfriend (SFW)
waking up a demon with Linkin Park and an unmuted mic
letting a hacker misuse my AWS
sending nudes at the wrong time
thinking I was right-handed for pole vaulting for 3 months and effectively wasting all that time and ruining my self esteem.
going for a run and not trusting my gut feeling
NSFW by being tall and therefore passing passing out during sex
accidently pooping in my host family's bathtub
saying “you too” when the lady said “enjoy”
bear macing myself
eating deodorant
posting nudes online &amp; my dad saw
joining my zoom interview a day early
not sending an assignment
not checking my wedding gift list before sending
realizing my friends can see my whole face on call
ordering my husband knives for Christmas
not realizing autocorrect changed a name into a word that sounds too much like a slur
watching GOT with my mother
for having an argument with my Mum over Feminism
assuming the contents of my wallet.
agreeing to a job interview that I may not be able to go to.
sending some nsfw content to my friend
I made a bloody mess
not attaching a trailer hitch correctly
almost castrated during a feminine handball match and got a cancer scare.
LPT don't put icy hot cream on your balls
leaving behind a gross-girl toilet. You’ve been warned. (Long)
ruining the climax of Star Wars for a theatre with my gas
starting an f**king crusade
Using Icy Hot as Jerkoff Lube
and tasted my dog’s pee
farting at work- a short poem
NSFW] by my Dad walking up to my masturbation session... at 2AM.
going for a smoke before the gym
doing the survey at the end of the customer service call
telling my girlfriend she smells like the Burger King Rugrats Go Wild Scratch n Sniff strawberry patch.
thinking my symptoms were from depression, when it was from a fake THC cartridge
thinking I was switching off the lights to an aquarium
screwing my self out of getting payed for cleaning
showing a h*ntai game in font of the entire class
getting an anal plug stuck in my body.
having my vibrator fall out of my suitcase at the airportg
commenting something mean on my favourite memepage.
farting in a crowded trolley
shit talking a customer to his face
coming out on a group chat without knowing that admins can see the messages
throwing a cockroach down the stairs
forgetting about my alarm
looking up a certain movie scene.
leaving my favorite stuffed animal outside
singing 'shut the fuck up' with my mic muted during class, while my teacher was talking.
asking my friend why she needed Advil.
making a terribly, terribly timed joke to my boss
cleaning a mail truck
I got a zero score in my essay in college and got accused of plagiarism
giving myself a hemorrhoid
losing my play toy
not checking my internet connection before my midterm
I accidentally introduced my dad to belle Delphine
flipping off a car that was kissing my cars rear end.
doing secret santa
cumming on my surgically operated wrist
accidentally giving away my Nintendo switch to my coworker’s 7 year old son.
realizing I missed a Halloween party NOT on Halloween... it’s a full moon and daylight savings on HALLOWEEN it’s the perfect day of the scariest years to have some fun
Finding my in laws Reddit account.
possibly blinding myself in my left eye
The Case of the Missing $20
getting lost in my school
getting my friend a job
getting food poisoning from "oysters"
getting my face tattooed before getting the job offer
trying to clean my new vacuum and absolutely frying it.
telling my grandma her brother's death was bad
walking around my school barefoot with a snake in my hair
leaving class 30 seconds early for pizza
sleepwalking into my girlfriends parents bedroom after falling asleep naked after a night out drinking
burning a bridge and almost outing someone
ignoring my better judgment
Unsolicited singing for a major customer
going into the bathroom without my phone
buying a firework from a video rental store at 14 years old.
eating oranges sliced by my mom.
telling a girl to go incognito to look up a video
(accidentally) implying I wanted a friend dead
today i fucked up by
learning how to code
asking a work colleague is she was wearing a porn stars t-shirt.
dumping Jalapeño Cheddar Cheeto dust into my eyes
thinking my boss was my coworker
saying "im horny" in french
playing the harmonica
checking reddit.
experimenting with bondage
setting both my hands on fire
not realizing most people urinate multiple times per day.
drinking iced coffee before a road trip
Crush on my step sister
saying I love hookers.
being a nazi
shaving my head
ruining thousands of dollars worth of product at work
Getting turned out by my boyfriend's fight with his father
Idk even know
not saying no to a dog.
having an emotional affair
Told the Liquor store guy I was underage
going to a funeral of an acquaintance
trying to be sexy
leading a group hospital staff to believe an elderly patient was stuck in the bathroom
not recognizing the mayor of my city.
contacting my ex and halting all my progress.
nearly killing my wife with a mix of cleaning products
telling the wife of colleague that he has a doctors appointment
forgetting that frying things was a thing
having sexy hot sex sex cum with my (30m)girlfriend (31f) of 9 months
not filling a form out correctly
being a karma seeking whore and outing myself
pulling up my sleeve to get my flu shot
giving a redditor my email
making stupid decisions
giving a kid an existential crisis
being lazy on the last day of school
singing Happy Birthday at the wake of a funeral and it cost me my relationship
nearly killing myself on a wild night out
TIFI by being Pretty Fly For a White Guy
How do I come back from deleting someone on social media
scammed out of all my gift money
just having a rough morning...
Today I f’ed up when we sold our chicken.
drilling a hole in my bedroom wall
What is it with every on hot or on the front page involving some kind of sexual story
my girlfriend made a trip to visit me and I broke with her
saying "You Too" after my Doordash delivery driver said "Enjoy"
telling my girlfriend the truth about using a sex toy that was given to me by a female friend.
not listening to song lyrics enough
By trying to flush a rising toilet
telling my younger cousin I'm bi
I feel like I hate Reddit today
saying yes to my mom for signing up for life guarding lessons
Not Muting My Mic on Discord
not setting up boundaries for my mums tidying up
wanting to tell my parents about a burger
Rip my GPU
making myself cry at work because of my stanky breath
mindlessly agreeing with my s/o about them being too feminine in a photo
I made a extrely embarrassing scene at the beach in front of dozens of people
trying to offer some gum.
having very light blond hair
forgetting an ID
Today I fucked up by superglueing my tongue
wearing a thong in the fitting room of a Walmart.
sending a snapchat to the weong person
What happens if you have no clue about digital fingerprints
asking my nurse if she had gotten the covid vaccine
pointing something out to a colleague.
Accidentally Screen Sharing My questionable YouTube history to My Class
scrolling talking to my screen like a troglodyte.
running away from a guard dog and getting stuck with another one in a room.
driving home in a new car without being approved
breaking a dorm door in half.
trying not to be racist and accidentally ruining the lives of two college students.
accidentally fapping to my sister
drinking Coffee after recovering from Stomach Flu, and shitting my pants at work
taking ADHD medication and drinking alcohol
adding salt to a breakup.
forgetting that a mate was dead
not knowing hospitals will send multiple bills
breaking a friends car
trying to have sex after a septoplasty and turbinate reduction
trying to spice up the bedroom by shaving my jiblets (short and sweet)
sleeping through a home invasion and possible arson
telling an amputee "measure twice and cut once"
sleeping with my boss
getting my girlfriend kicked out of her grandma's house
listening to some old country music during a Teams call
sleeping late causing me to be woken up by my brother's fiancée.
having the worst family trip ever
My innocent ass lost $310
telling my GF that the arts are a waste.
walking into a pole outside my workplace when I turned around to lock my car
putting rubbing alcohol in my eye
having sex with a guy and lying to him by saying I was a virgin
I messaged other women lustfully, with no intention of physical interaction. Still cheating.
opening reddit to show a post to my family
telling a double penetration joke at the neighborhood party.
paying my student loan
applying vagina-fishing logic to my husband's butthole
drunkenly hitting on my crush in a not so gentlemanly way
best friend's relationship (NSFW)
accidentally going vegan while depressed
cumming on my cousin while I was masturbating in my car.
entering a shop without realising what kind of shop it was
trying to sleep with someone from tinder
waiting too long to apologize to someone I bullied and they passed away before I gathered the courage to reach out.
complementing my Chinese co-worker on how good 'The Parasite' was to watch
accidentally telling my dad he has a grand child
accidentally bringing up old family traumas that were buried for a reason
jokingly calling the wrong name (my own name) during sex.
sexxing the sex sex so the sex is sex sex
wearing a durag at thanksgiving
Made my Dad road rage against our Pastor and his wife
Waking up early to test a new set of expensive kitchen knives
not asking my crush out
going full survival mode
consuming more salt than your supposed to eat in a week
scaring my sisters friend
rushing through my eyebrows
getting mad at a yoyo
smoking a bubbler with no water
thinking this subs mods coul actually take criticism
not checking the tube properly
leaving apple cider in my car
My asain parents found out I have a boyfriend
calling a girls outfit a costume.
using acne medication instead of lotion while masturbating
not telling anyone that I prepped the BBQ
possibly spilling some NSFW beans to my doctor while being high on anaesthetic.
donating blood, and giving myself a tetanic seizure.
picking up a leaf.
telling my dad I made out with my little cousin's babysitter
Being disrespectful and writing hate mail to my religion teacher
mirroring porn onto my smart TV
getting my penis stuck in a zipper
yelled at my overweight neighbor to pick up her dogs sh!t to find out she’s pregnant and redneck not afraid to start “sh!t.”
saying somebody’s relationship won’t last, and they heard me
had sex with one of my friend I workout with and now I can’t see him in the same way!!
overheating my camera, missing the whole video I took.
getting a bunch of my friend's to review bomb a resort because the owners were blatantly homophobic to me when it turned out to be a case of mistaken identity &amp; they actually did nothing to me
not wearing my glasses
Weed, Wine, Wheelchair and a Catheter
not getting a lube.
making a man-gina when my girlfriend's mother caught us having sex
reading r/in kitchen
walking down a flight of stairs in the dark with a glass of lemonade and got sliced by broken glass
finding something I wish I could unfind
I served a full glass of scotch for my uncle thinking it's beer
letting my entire roll of toilet paper go into the toilet
setting up a temporary compost solution and forgetting about it.
accidentally revealing my reddit username to a co worker not checking the crisps before eating them
spilling water and literally almost breaking my hip
for drunkenly allowing my friends to convince me to go to a nightclub despite the threat of Covid-19 in the area.
breaking my toe playing with my sons' virtual reality headset
Online Comedy Class
having the same password in everysingle account that I created
breaking and entering
not checking the username and flirting with the wrong person
correcting my GFs 'your' to 'you're' just as she was calming down from our first big fight...
Trusting Macrame
almost stealing a car at Domino's
reading my girlfriend the about Bob Ross being dead.
not knowing bidet etiquette
On My Way Home From Lunch
tearing through my pants while trying to climb a fence
and people in my class saw my testicle
Unwanted smoke buddy.
When you need to go
sending a video
having an edible before sex and straining my back
going to the ER with back pain.
saying I don’t find Emma Watson attractive to my date.
giving kid pirated apk
intentionally jumping on the same vehicle as the muggers after they mugged me.
getting too high before sneaking out
Lol
testing the school thermometer.
leaving a bag of poop cloths in my room
spraining my ankle... again. And I can't leave work.
eating a monstrosity of a pizza
making it impossible to study by alerting national media to my house!
cooking sauce for spaghetti
accidentally pulling a power move on a disabled person.My Dad's story of Mistakes Made
just breaking my father laptop just for rageing in destiny
a few months ago by buying 3 shoes to sell on stockX
being called a nazi for trying to explain Jojo
Trampapolines are dangerous
having a loud dance party in my kitchen
eating innocent looking peach rings in my clients snack cabinet.
farting whilst mid conversation with my psychologist and then making awkward direct eye contact with her
ripping my pants purposely in school.
not sleeping
leaving one of our sex toys out.
unknowingly clicking on a subreddit link that had porn.
crashing a car
missing my exam
M) by sexting my DAD
nerly killing myself and destroying floor in our flat by working out and watching youtube at the same time
accidentally opening a wart
shitting my ass so bad
hooked up with the most beautiful girl in my work, until i mess with all.
not translating a japanese « skin care » product
ruining the best relationship I ever had a chance for. LONG
getting stuck in an attick
not asking for the social media for a person I met on Omegle
giving clear and precise directions to my unlucky friend on Valentine's Day
accidentally taking a swig of my own urine...
not realising printer toner is powder.
TUIFU by forgetting my screen was being shared during a team meeting.
inducing lactation
letting my dog explore in the bushes at night
on my Vacation Trip to The Capital Building
or Petty Revenge?
Got to use the restroom but I'm hooked
bringing a beer onto an airplane.
taking to big of a bong rip
thinking a fart was safe shitting myself whilst on a date.
Almost Killing Me And My Friend
learning what foreplay is, 15 years too late
shitting myself at school
cleaning out my dads closet
making you lose "The Game"
how I showed my boss my dick pick.
smoking a cigarette.
I’m a 25 year old male and I flex in my 2005 Camry
accidentally turning on my mic at class
looking random google results
telling my family I wanted to hookup with a guy
telling my sis Ice cream over you
asking a co-worker to go into the men’s room and asking for a BJ
sharing a screenshot of a text message from one friend with another one
dating cousin with the girl i met on tinder
"connection to infinity" with my GF
showering on a boat
blasting Taylor Swift through my laptop's speakers.
kissing my crush while also applying anti nailbiting polish
having my iPhone charger next to my bed.
forgetting to lock
peeing in my kitchen bin
Dear reddit, today is a sad day.
trip and drop my food
telling a girl with no parents a yo mama joke.
farting in a box truck with headphones
unintentionally opening a livestream on Twitch
sending an email full of photos to a total stranger.
in a moment of brain Diarrhea I smoke bombed a bottle of olive oil all over the kitchen floor
not double checking on my faulty old car.
I called a girl I had been flirting with for months daddy. 🤦‍♀️
If my dog could speak, he’d have some pretty choice words for me.
asking some random kid "Bruh why you got your grandpa's cane?"
telling my wife she looks like Aunt Jemima
blocking my ex-boyfriend for the second time
seeing two dogs doing “it”
texting a girl with the same name as my Sister, arguing with her, and then becoming embarrassed when I realized the confusion. Girl didn't understand and now she's mad
checking myself out in front of a mirror with a class full of med students on the other end.
not assembling my air freshener correctly.
dad walking in on me and my girlfriend.
letting a Mother Raccoon inside my House.
my job interview by exposing my breasts to a room full of people
signing up for the bachelor when I have a boyfriend
ironing a cheap synthetic fabric
24F) by wanting to have sex with my BF (28M)
I was watching memes on the toiled when a hentai meme showed up.
calling fiancé her sisters name
How I ruined a funeral procession
making a bathbomb of my own blood
letting my "manpon" fall out at work.
having a fizzy drink.
forgetting to change my Zoom username and humiliating myself as a result
letting my cat into the bathroom (never let your cats around a lily)
sending a picture of our kids to my ex wife
forgeting gay people exist
telling my FWB to rip my pants off
finding Heresy
asking a girl I liked out
telling my students that I love the kokonut song
losing some tickets.
taking acid and being bit by a snake
making coffee without the coffee.
AWKWARD SEXY TIME
watching porn as soon as my fiancé left the house for work.
vaping and getting caught
not muting myself in my online class
making my nipples get swollen to the point of them looking like small water balloons
trusting my ex girlfriend
and I'm overwhelmed with guilt
going to pee prior to taking tox screen.
venting to my teacher from 2 years ago at 2 in the morning
blasting porn at a convenience store
showing the picture of a cute piglet to my sister whilst she eats a ham sandwich, she now no longer wants to eat meat.
Knocked out a kids tooth
Texting my mom Cartoon Porn, Twice.
accidentally giving John Barrowman rabies
getting so drunk that I passed out and woke up with a my arm no longer working
I'm a undiagnosed depressive alcoholic and I think Sunday night &amp; Monday morning early, I had too much to drink and ended up calling off all of Monday day at work. I lied to my boss and said I had food poisoning. I love my job but I don't think he believes me and I think I'm about to be fired.
forgetting to end the Zoom meeting with my boss...
licking something I shouldn't have.
talking to a child and getting into big trouble
cutting off a part of my ear
interacting with a seemingly alone and interested woman at the beach. Except she wasn’t.
taking my dog on a walk
awarding an archived pinned post at the top of a sub
TDIFU Crack head at airport
Read my wife's journal entry
forgetting to log into Zoom
cumming from girlfriend's bj in front of her little sister(unknowingly!)
drinking too much water (and shitting out SEWAGE)
stalking someone I have no business stalking
accidentally leaking texts from my boyfriend to online friends
so let me ask you, have you ever been caught with NSFW content on your PC and not acting fast enough to shut it down
turning 41
not deleting my college email account
and accidentally made an emergency sos call from my Apple Watch mid sex
accidentally tripping on DXM..
teaching my child to speak
Taiwanese guy might of told me to fuck off in Chinese but I didn't understand him
admitting to my college I committed tax fraud
peeing. NSFW
taking a dump in the woods
Knocked out in the woods
Let my neighbors bird out...
wearing sweatpants for the first time in America.
getting fucked by a cricket and cumming
following the speed limit
falling asleep in a clothes dryer box and scaring my inlaws into thinking I'd been kidnapped or fallen down a well......on my new mother-in-laws birthday
forgetting my cycle
hanging up sounding like a sheep
Forgetting about social distancing while getting a package playing doctor
kissing my girlfriends neck
unsuccessfully peeing in a dream
accidentally asking a stupid question, resulting in a time loss of 15 minutes during class because of a debate
i accidentally molested a cow
walking into the bathroom while my sister had a houseparty
😬
taking a police chase on a 50cc moped (scooter)
wearing a suit to a McDonalds
almost getting into a road accident due to a damn spider.
Today. This morning. I shat my pants, shouting at my dear dog, go out and shit. 😯🥺😖😵l
not being a good friend
when I almost got expelled from school because of a meme page
having my mom think im insane
Reporting my Passport Lost to the State Department
probably sleeping outside because I waited for a girl who ghosted me.
leaving a job where I had seniority for a job I had no qualifications for
mistaking bloating from lactose intolerance as constipation
naming my penis the same name as my roommate
not taking Adderall today
cleaning my penis
ruining my husband's christmas gift idea
making people think I was doing cocaine/other drugs
when friends wife saw the picture of his husband with 2 hoockers on my phone.
forgetting the e-brake was up on someone’s newly purchased car
grabbing a cast iron skillet I had just taken out of the oven barehanded....
taking some bins out late at night, wearing sliders, something touched my foot and I flinched, launching my slider over 2 gardens
getting kicked out of an exam for laughing
I underestimated a man when I sized up his crotch in the gym, and subsequently over-promised and under-delivered
listening to a random redditor
TIFUpdate to my previous post about getting scammed
losing my SD card after crashing a bike and searching the trash for it.
getting mad and forgetting the car key inside rhe car
making a discord server and wondering why everyone left
panting way to hard during phone snu-snu
Introducing Myself
going to dance.
I failed my first thermodynamics quiz
Cream Chipped Beef
coming out to my family that I’m lesbian.
flirting with an old lady who now won’t leave me alone.
hesitating over choosing a toilet cubicle and paid the price
trying to jerk off
being paranoid about bluetooth during family movie night
forgeting to mute myself while on a zoom meeting and playing music.
getting myself sent to my strict uncles home after getting into one small fight.
commiting accidental theft.
spilling a bag of dog shit soup.
letting my son idolize a cartoon character
acting like a spoiled brat at the work Christmas party
ruining my sleep schedule
having mind blowing sex with my child sized animé doll in my parents house that resulted in the police paying me an unexpected visited.
burning my hand with a boiling tube
getting a toilet seat stuck on my head
wearing my late grandfather's shoes to a job interview
losing my girlfriends Duolingo streak
breaking my computer
making my teacher think I (a minor) am aroused by him
Guy messaged me for explicit pictures and I (17) basically gave him what he wanted
masturbating without paying attention to the time
Ok so this was an accident
breaking my glasses
trying to mod my old MP3 player
accidentaly finding a badly rotten human body and not doing anything about it
yelling in my house with the windows open and traumatizing my neighbors
more like yaifu (years ago i fucked up)
not checking the price on an item before selling it.
thinking I had a supernatural ability.
failing to mention Dr Seuss on Read Across America day
easing my anxiety and checking on my partner
getting stoned, jacking off, fainting, and getting woken up by my dad
The bilking accident
squirting on my laptop
being a grumpy old man and yelling at an innocent little kid
playing moans
at cottage dinner
having long sex with my girlfriend.
because my phone rang in the worst possible moment
replying an unpopular opinion to a silent film account about a controversial silent film.
making out with my best friend at a house party.
eating a eating (trying to) an orange from Valencia
eating too many spicy noodles
asking one of my friends if the reason they always posted pictures of themselves with Snapchat filters because of their skin condition
ruining new years for me and my gf
putting my cellphone in my back pocket
saying I feel gassy to my fart fetish cousin.
growing weed and get caught by the police - but I liked it
shitting myself in the car setting my peen on fire
getting temporarily expelled
hooking up with my reckless coworker
drinking a nasty smoothie because I thought I was pregnant and freaked out and tried to make myself miscarry
going over to a girls dorm (NSFW)
by getting a stripper while my 10 year old nephew was with me
having a typo
having "Closure" with an ex
Falling Asleep Dogsitting
eating too much
being a shitty driver and socially incompetent
being a baaaad boyfriend
TIDU by being an insecure and a dumbass
taking my dogs for a walk in the snow
not filling my gas tank
trying to run 12 miles to my girlfriends house for a meal with her parents. Also forgot to bring jeans to change into for said meal after run.
using the handicap stall.
destroying classmates golden neckleace
calling my boss “Daddy” in front of all my coworkers
trying to be a rally driver.
I realized it has my cake day as the sun was setting.
squirting hot sauce into my eye.
looking for my phone while using it
Người khôn ngoan không nói mà làm - kẻ ngu dốt lại thích làm thầy thiên hạ
when i accidentally asked someone out.
staring at my GF's breast while meeting her family for the first time.
finding out a family secret
sending a video of raccoons to the loan company.
NIGGERS MUST DIE NIGGERS MUST DIE NIGGERS MUST DIE
forgetting my camera was on
almost starting a fight while travelling
trying to be a good friend and getting dog shit all over my best friend and her boss
taking my neighbor's cat
singing the ending Barney theme song to my Ice Cream.
watching porn on the train at full volume.
while talking to my mom about my girlfriend while on a phone call with my girlfriend
muting the teacher during an online class
breaking my BF.
shitting myself while trying to fart
screwing up my chances with a hot latina stripper
Almost got sent home because my temperature was too high.
sitting down and twisting my leg
not turning around
telling my friend that her fiance isn't that good looking.
stressing out over musical tickets like a neurotic asshole
Saying Okay
kicking a burglar in my dream (actually kicked my table and spilled water)
calling the police on my Wife’s abusive step father
winking at my friend who has a boyfriend
not taking care of myself and my digestive system.
putting a tracker on my husband's car
sending an email back to my boss
saying white is by far superior
Strangers comes into the house as we are having sex
SMOKING WEED 1 month before my drug test
Today I fucked up by keeping my phone in my pocket
going back to the campfire to see if my friends were still there (NSFW)
trying to recycle a condom
accidentally sending my mum on a hospital trip
taking benzoz and accidentally getting a gf...
writing ETA when I meant Edit
making a cup of coffee without a cup.
I accidentally brought a movie prop revolver to school.
having a significant other
sounding so racist to the girl(F21) I(M23) slept and kind of like.
nairing my asshole
Today I fucked up by not coming to school prepared
making a birthday wish
asking for a sex shop coupon
Wet things really do stick pretty well to very, very cold surfaces
JOY from Watching Veteran's ("bad behavior")
replacing hello world with FUCK
drinking cream soda while driving
taking shrooms before class
partaking and now everyone’s going to bed besides me
burning down my friends Minecraft house.
Driving Drunk/Tipsy To and From a Rural Dive Bar
not telling this girl I dated that I wanted to get back together
day 1 of 2021
asking a girl if she was on her period
confronting someone I thought was videotaping my girlfriend
ignoring a girl
following my friend home even though I knew I should drive.
discovering paneer.
getting a 14 year old mad and beating me up
maintaining my own motorcycle.
Paying Bills On Time
getting so high I gave myself piles
calling my classmate a child predator
Today I was shirtless and air-drumming on camera in an online class.
for not going easy on a girl who is less than half my age and probably ruining my relationship with her
vomiting into a toilet bowl
holding a flashlight in my mouth while tin snipping
having the neighbors see me jerk off and walk around the house naked
sleeping with a guy in a relationship.
glueing my asshole shut
my leg... like really bad
draining my laptop battery
letting my wife Google me
dropping a vape in front of my school's administration
TDIFU
remembering porn sent by GC member, sent it to classmate.
trying to give my cat a shower
telling a sexist joke to a friend
eating 7 year old caramel sauce
accidentally insulting the Amish
being chased by a big spider waking my husband and son
phone alarm - unattended - the alarm song!!!
only just realising I was uninsured.
buying my friend a present
making racist friends
I got scammed for £50,000
Please like, share and subscribe my channel
Dehydrated drinking
not knowing how my belt comes off.
Lets go to the crematorium
forgetting its my cake day
with my team.
facetiming my dad
posting me in my Halloween costume all over the place without considering my penis
googling why I haven't been able to smell since birth
falling asleep at a bar and getting gum stuck in my hair.
going for a walk in a tic invested trail
messing with user permissions on drive C:/
being voulnerable
breaking wind so loudly I woke my wife
shitting on my friend's car
"testing" a girl to see if she cared about me
finally snapping and screaming at my family in a restaurant for arguing with the manager about COVID precautions.
clicking a girl’s picture on my mom’s phone
NEW WAY TO MAKE MONEY FROM HOME NOT TO FUCKRD UP AGAIN
Today I actually fucked up
proclaiming myself as 'the destroyer of coochie' in a zoom call
I accidentally drop kicked my partner into my wardrobe
burying my load in a house plant.
letting my girlfriend know I'm about to propose to her tomorrow.
whacking my (29f) bf (30m) in the face.
forgetting "W" in the phonetic alphabet
I forgot to throw away the condom
telling a sexist joke
forgetting that i was heating up rice and almost burning down the house.
accidentally letting a bunch of tabbed videos play in the background of my Microsoft teams lecture (Really loud) for all to hear including the lecturer.
wearing a pair of socks I thought were cool
I lead an ex co-worker into thinking that I'll have sex with him for money!
not ready which chat I was texting
sneezing directly on my coworker
breaking my friend’s door
Helping my child practice Karate
complimenting MIL's posterior
sending it
posting a roast in r/toastme instead of r/roastme.
not checking a picture in an email
not knowing courtrooms had dress codes.
investigating screams in my building
because my period leaked through my light blue scrub bottoms and I didn’t even notice until the end of my 10 hour shift.
sending my classmate a fake nude of hers
not accepting a severance and getting fired
so many times I can't pick a title
and almost became a Single Stage to Orbit Rocket
Habits don’t die
buying a CD
forgetting to set my alarm, resulting in my dad finding me in bed with a girl
wearing a flamboyant shirt and making my girlfriend’s mom think I’m gay.
closing my eyes while running on a treadmill.
cutting up Scotch Bonnet chillis without gloves on...
purchasing a milkshake from Chick-fil-A
a VERY graphic artist
playing Brawl Stars during my lecture
accidentally turning my $800 laptop into a paperweight
eating 3 oranges in a row
when i ate soup.
choosing to go wine tasting rather than taking care of my son.
giving friend's cat catnip
going to Mathematics class while drunk
forgetting about my daughter’s wedding
By unintentionally telling my 25y/o ex-boyfriend’s parents that he was no longer a virgin by agreeing with a movie quote.
starting the car while it was in gear.
calling a white supremacist fa**** and getting a 3 day suspention
keeping a stimulant in my bedside drawer.
Today I fucked up by thinking carrying a 24 pack of soda a mile.
sending a pic of BaROCK Obama and saying "titties"
TIFUPDATE bought a cheap bicycle and rode it down a big hill
having to mow the entire lawn twice.
showing my brother a show
throwing up on a zoom meeting
I had a dream I was a monkey throwing {you know what} and woke up with a foul taste in my mouth
attracting a bear to my cabin that ate all my food.
accidentally making mustard gas
thinking no one could see in
While playing Sea of Theives
calling my Mom out for her potty mouth
accidentally touching a boob
getting my parents high
going on Twitch to vape in an Apple Store
making the answer to my secret question explicit..
driving through a construction stop
eating the 'big burger'
TIFA by edating someone I apparently encountered before
laughing at something really dark a child with cancer said, in front of their family and my boss
accidentally getting high during dinner with my parents
talking to a little kid who didn’t know me bc she had a little kitten.
shutting off my ps4 after accidentally turning it on
overestimating my abuelo’s car expertise
referring a friend for a job
thinking I could handle a spicy chip a day before my future in-laws visit
telling my neurologist in-depth issues with my nipples
wearing a uniform
Great date! bad ending.
for 2 weeks with no repercutions
when my girlfriend’s stepmother looked through her phone.
letting my baby brother in my room
honestly just being dumb man. Now I'm in my car at the park a lil bummed
dm'ing my mum instead of my girlfriend.
Convincing My Sister that Rats lay Eggs
saying an old man's dead wife was disappointed in him
opening Tik Tok at work and my phone on full volume immediately starting with the most vulgar video out there..
being a stupid lazy American, not being registered to vote and now I can't vote in this election.
deleting my dad’s year’s worth of hard-earned cash.
blinding myself looking at my own poo
accidentally sending my spanish teacher a video telling her to go fuck herself
taking drugs before going out shopping
accidentally fording a flooded street
tried to do dry january with my girlfriend
eating mac &amp; cheese
I’m a hypocrite
Really early this morning at 12:30 I was hungry for a midnight snack so I decided to try my dad's special sugar from his secret compartment.
flipping off my child's principal.
Does anyone else have feelings of places.
thinking this sub actually had good moferators
sending a gif to a potential employer
letting my mom watch unholy anime
walking barefoot
masutbated with an UTI
not deleting Our /Showerbeer picture off the iPad and our son shared it with his Kindergarten Teacher
having sex with a trans girl with a significantly larger penis than mine
laughing at a vine
Good friend of mine thought I was spying on her
Getting a Little too Excited at My Well Visit
I made a joke and now I'm hated at school
TIFU_very sorry for being so dumb
running into my ex’s family high off my ass
making a screenshot of my best friends’ camel toe.
throwing away $8,000, fucking up a date and banning myself from Disney events
forgetting where i put my half eaten burrito
ordering food to my neighbor whose wife passed away
NSFW  playing with a dildo and dumping lube all over my phone
trying to kill myself&amp;sext with bride of our dean
refusing to back down from a bet
and posted my music in the wrong subreddit😬
going to see my parents with my sister.
trying to prank my friends by lying I did something illegal and ended up getting swatted a few days later
telling my family I'm joining ISIS
deleting all my files
getting drunk and ending up spending the night on the psych ward
listening to my voicemail
I accidentally added my ex's previous ex on Snapchat.
buying jeggings and dropping my phone in the toilet
being shocked into temporary erectile dysfunction.
not asking a Park Ranger more questions about a backcountry camping permit in Grand Teton National Park
Today is a sad day
grabbing a kid who I thought was my nephew
passing out while masturbating
thinking that our washing machine weighs just 7 kgs (15 lbs)
having a celebratory barbecue
not noticing a nipple slip in front of a group of people
posting on Instagram
sending a photo of George Floyd to my black friend saying it looked like him at 40
adding instead of subtracting
traumatizing an already troubled little girl
Watching Boondocks while working
almost blowing up my apartment
flagging my executive director’s legitimate email as phishing, at a job where I am a new/temporary employee hoping to go permanent
but trusting a fart
“licking” my mom’s ears getting fingered into violence
using my "eleventh finger"
trying to Lysol my house to kill germs
getting husband drunk
when I misplaced a check addressed to my wife.
and got blood taken 3 times!
wearing underwear on my face at Wal-Mart.
trying to care about the wildlife
NOT pulling out!!
By apply for a job where a new hire currently works
not doing anything when a girl asked me “if I like her”
Eating Eggs that Expired 2 Months Ago and Experiencing Salmonella for the first time
pinching my face
on a date with my future wife by belching in her face. Twice.
How I killed half of my reddit feed
wankwalking fully nude in the hallway.
upstaging my own anniversary present to my husband.
bringing a jar full of shit to the doctors
fixing a music stand unconventionally
ranting at my lead on software development presentation
taking acid, making my flatmates hate me, and not even getting high
its hurt so much, i cant take it...
getting my card stuck in atm
Showing my cat the cat coin box
Maybe I should have rechecked the amount (and this seems more like Long Time I Fucked Up)
treating my husband like shit
trying to get a flea off my dog
putting in someone elses dentures whilst being drunk.
accidentally making a New years party turns into 4way, but not for me.
telling sum1 this is my alt (you can help)
getting 10+ people fired or suspended.
doing our laundry
not listening to another story about masturbating after a tonsillectomy
shoving an inflatable ball up my arse
teaching my dog to howl
Using an aircon unit whilst gaming.
being ignorant about christianity, in front of my religious aunt.
telling a room full of parents they raised their kids wrong.
using logic over emotion
dumping my daughter off the back of our golf cart and shredding her knee
framing an 'innocent' kid
taking photos of myself in my new clothes
drinking for the first time in Beirut during the explosion while playing League of Legends
accidentally casting porn to my uncle's TV
letting my 10yo brother watch an "adult" tv show
accidentally being pro terrorism
ryining my sons life by shaving my asshole.
IFU by doing my job.
getting my Diva Cup stuck to my cervix and making my husband extract it
Good Luck Bro
I didn't have the energy to explain foot fetishes to my boss.
grabbing a strangers ass in the London Museum
hacking into the database of my school
posting on a women's support group and cast myself into the hyena's lair
cleaning my ps4 and breaking off the 4 point connector from the motherboard.
stealing my mom's money
getting myself banned be cause i said my age,(12 m) i a comment.
I am a bot and ...
stopping my car and asking a young woman with cerebral palsy if she needed a ride to work.
accidentally watching the first 10(ish) minutes of Star Wars:Rise of Skywalker before seeing Star Wars:The Last Jedi. (Spoilers Alert)
accidentally telling my grandma that I have 3 tattoos
having wisdom teeth extraction before my PEP consultation.
shouting at my family for not celebrating my birthday
buying a phone I didn't need
wearing my moms bathrobe
impaling my foot in my sister's room to get a granola bar.
judging my mom.
confusing Vaseline with Vick's Vaporub
saying "make love" to kindergarten kids in front of my lecturer
using the wrong restroom without even realizing it
being caught looking at porn in front of all the Hindu gods in my relatives house
farting in a small room with only one other person in it.
being super sexually active and stuff
trying to move my OS to my SSD
I’ve spent 20 years in the wrong place
I cut my finger off
losing my virginity and ending up in urgent care.
getting blue toilet juice in my eye.
dropping a bug into the carpet
sending a meme
Ruined a perfect night with the perfect girl, by drinking too much.
grabbing a disinfectant wipe on my nether regions (NSFW)
Dated a married woman and fell in love
showing my dad almost naked picture of Mia Malkova
telling my friend/crush that I love her
educating my kindergarten class on how to clean your foreskin
chanting 'Shower! Shower!" in a local family pool.
Am I gonna go to jail?
using the wrong type of bandaid and practically burning my flesh off my skin
expressing my opinion over a anime character.
sexing until we had too much segs but it was stilll nice sax
Waking up to the radio.
banging my first cousin.
being huge and tearing a woman’s vagina
accidentally lighting my cat on fire
having my hose out for safety
challenging a mother bear with cubs
making it look like I was jerking off when my dad walked in
not realising the meaning of a basic word sooner
spilling my foid all over myself
accidentally proposing to my GF by mistake when giving her a ring as a birthday present....
experimenting with self-bondage
having a la petit mort
choking out my entire house on accident
putting pyjamas on my kid
I literally blurted “FUCK” in front of my family.
throwing my speaker
sending a snap intended for my girlfriends to my family.
thinking I got a call from a scammer
batting a knife off my chinPCB FL. Tried giving away 18 pack beer. Officer Murdered. Harbored the killer and his buddies.
having sex with my vagina
calling my brother an "asshole" in front of my entire class.
I deleted my brother's 30 hours game
making a shitty poop joke
buying a ring that was broken while trying to shoplift it out of a pawn shop and then finding out the day after.
Eating Bat Soup
pouring cooking oil into a garbage bag
NEARLY COMMITING SUICIDE
Last night, I accidentally goatse-d our five year old kid.
thinking this sub has good moderators
urinating behind a wardrobe for an entire year
deleting my complete save file for GTA V on max difficulty.
trying to take ibuprofen
letting people know I am a human
Redditors who do sex  and bully children online I have cock and ball cancer and need Yellow
bot making a completely bullshit story and posting it here to farm karma
man im a kid
not catching a glitch on a government surplus auction site and accidentally winning a truck for $28,000 ghosting a super attractive girl
bringing my notebook full of furry smut to school.
dropping my new bosses $250k painting from six feet
rickrolling my partner
believing most of the posts in this subreddit
reading my coworker's palm
mixing up 2 different countries
taking someone’s ashes
getting an interview at THE company and failing it because they thought I was too interesting.
18 years old and tried to outrun 2 state troopers.
accidently calling the girl I like ugly
being too lazy to wash my hands
wearing my ripped underwear to my doctors appointment
trying the one chip challenge
doing it in the pool on vacation
sending the wrong pictures to my teacher.
making a snapchat account for nudes and linking my phonenumber and name
sticking my USB-C charger into a carrot 🥕
insulting a disabled person
My Mum thinks I put my hairbrush in my ass
doing Le sexy sex happy horny time with Lola
losing my phone. 3rd one this year.
using a tube of toothpaste as a condom
asking a mom if her daughter was legal
making the worst typo of my life
selling my console online for funding towards university stuff.
Today I fucked up by scaring away a really good person.
stealing and calling cops afterwards
Big knife
playing the arabic nokia ringtone when a middle eastern passed by my table
forgetting a dinner.
being on my period,and having a dog around
trying to steal back my toy bowling pin from my neighbor which he "repurposed".
meeting my friends at the train station where my class trip was, which i tried to skip.
getting drunk while horny.
throwing my galaxy S4 at a piano
accidently breaking my headset.
Gave my PC a trojan virus.
I tripped on my vibrator this afternoon
spending over $200 on pizza I’ll never even see
saving a cat.
using body wash
Tinder Hook Up: Close Call: Murder
being caught taking a pic of my friend's mom's ass
lying to my mom I have fever because I don't wanna go to school
leaving my mic on during a Zoom class and blasting my tunes
buying a 65 gallon fish tank
trying to pee in a bottle in my moms car
bring the dog for a ride.
telling my pregnant fiance I recognized a gif and where I saw it.
accidentally telling my father that I had a wet box
never FU
Sending My Mom a Strange Message
19F) at my own place of work by stealing.
REAL REAL BAD!!!! i am dead guys &amp; gals. I am DEAD!!!!
trying to outsource my weight-loss to the dark net
stepping in poop.
making my sex deprived husband think I was pleasuring myself
blaming my gas on the cat
thinking this sub had actually good moderators.
in an IKEA
making a Joke in a Retirement Home
paying $40 for a $20 game
crying in my job interview.
almost dying for a Burger King Cherry Icee
being a bad Facebook stalker
Tipping 120% for Pizza
drinking seltzer water on a mountain bike trip
cleaning my car.
trying to fart before a job interview
not seeing I was connected to bluetooth
making an awkward first impression on my just married friend's wife
opening up
giving a Massage consuming a sleeping pill.
Having to get a tetanus shot
leaving my phone behind at an expensive steak house and saying I’d rather be homeless
getting soap in my eye during a shower
going to the kitchen for water after sex and walking in on my ex and her new bf having sex
becoming extremely overweight in order to look like Peter Griffin
playing porn in the bathroom while my bluetooth speaker was still connected
What was your Worst / Funniest FU?
butt dialing my mom
telling my (f) bf that my dick is like a bat...
being too scared to ask my uncle to wipe my ass when I was about four or five
attending a meeting I shouldn't be in
deciding I wanted a warm egg.
Just a tip for y’all
clicking on the wrong snapchat profile
cause it took me 5 years to know about custom songs in Rock Band 3
Almost not listening to my wife
accidently flipping the frying pan over myself and splash myself with hot oil.
I got hit by a car today
getting blackmailed on Omegle a
My parents are fucking
almost ruining my friends wedding!
not stopping at a neighborhood intersection
sending a NSFW meme
After a political campaign I'm involved in sent out a mass email and used CC instead of BCC by replying all
getting a blood nose.
calling my girlfriends bluff.
almost getting murdered by a shower head.
Ejari question
It keeps burning
using a common phrase
offering to pay for a strangers things before knowing what they were buying
I had to shit but work was closed.
feeding stray cats and breaking the law
revealing my penis size to my family
A guy with mental disabilities scared my dog and then my dog scared him back
trying to bag a buck with a literal bag
trying to have a conversation about anime/manga infront of my girlfriends family but accidentally called manga "hentai" the whole time.
dyeing half my turkey orange.
having a big chungus fetish
not locking that damn door...
being computer inept
faking a broken arm
thinking a guy was a drug addict
sleeping with my mom’s boyfriend and accidentally getting pregnant.
Realizing I Exploded 25lbs of Rotting Gelatine All Over My Garage
on live TV
walking on my mum and step father.
talking to my barber about going to boot camp.
losing a game with a friend and potentially injuring myself for life
pulling an all nighter to try and "fix" my perfectely working code without checking that my Arduino Board actually workedI said “googoo gaagaa I want milk” to my girlfriends mother.
smoking on an airplane
participating in a talent show.
inadvertently sending my ex wife underwear with my new gf's face on them... claiming my penis.
being unable to handle a vape and vomiting and getting black-out drunk on a first date
accidentally ghosting someone great I wanted to keep in contact with.
Two girls told me I gave them herpes. TLDR,below
The most important thing in life is compassion and reparation
making my mom thing I am transgender.
passing gas at my desk all day after I forgot I was no longer working from home
being a horny teenager.
Over expectation from my crush is always leads to
trying to be sexy with food (NSFW)
pooping myself while donating plasma..
letting a bunch of sparklers blow up in my hand on New Years while my GF recorded it
I accidentally linked my fetish instagram account to my phone contacts. Everyone with notifications on received a message that i joined instagram.
Phoenix rising from the ashes. A Shopvac Story
Hi I need help
My father's epic fart story
thinking I broke my headphones
telling my girlfriend she looks like a slow-moving grandma while she was trying to be sexy for me
Traumatizing An Old Man
putting my toddler to bed
biking too much
jumping on a treadmill
spiting on classmates phone
I found my 8 yr old washing his face with my cum rag.
mistaking a filter tip for my medication
moving and losing long-time friend AND our rental deposit.
I got send out because I'm to spry
eating cup noodles for lunch
not understanding a meme
changing my dad’s password.
leaving pot cookies in my purse that my children could reach.
thinking I could get away with parking illegally - and ruining my car
buying an open box of chocolate caramel brownies and eating 4 of them
squirting hand sanitizer into my girlfriend’s eyes
helping a kid after he fell
not cleaning my room properly and inadvertently letting my new boyfriend pick up a condom that wasn't his
asking a potential friend (and complete stranger) if he liked cock and balls
not locking my door while shaving my girly bits
I meant to be funny when I was trying to explain my age difference to someone... I was not.
accidentally destroying my girlfriend’s massive lego collection while in VR
SUPER GLUE ON STONE TABLE
completely misreading flirtation and then accidentally requesting a rub and tug (requires a lot of context)
play fighting.
making a spicy dookie on a bathroom floor
sitting on my dentist’s chair
trying to be an ethical consumer
my putting chemical peel on my bf’s penis
choking on powder
being sick during finals
forgetting my little brother was doing something after school
thinking Ryan Gosling and Ryan Reynolds were the same person my whole life.
kissing and falling in love with a very close friend
because I couldn’t stop flushing...
bringing my car to the garage
leaving a dildo, a fleshlight and a penis pump on my bedside table.
Minecraft friends...
"I’m unable to open my laptop because it is physically locked. How do I open it? " A story about the ability/inability to open a laptop...
leaking my crush
Looked at my wife's phone of her friend's nude pics
: wearing no towel no nothing
blasting music during my online class
being a bad driver
putting a Nerf Dart in my Anus.
accidentally using my brother's "nut paper" to wipe myself
eating chia seeds.
My mom picked up a live cockroach
avoiding the doctor for weeks and treating my butthole my way instead
overdosing for over 6 months
sending someone jacking off and showing face to random stranger she is threatenign to send it to everyone i know
posting on Reddit some negative things about my now ex and I relationship. Came to find out she actually follows me on here 🙃
requesting too much money while I was cashiering
Noah is gay
telling a company i'm high
eating a hot sauce
sharing my finances in a zoom chat
disrespecting emotions
being a big kid
staying at my girlfriend's dorm.
Selling feet pictures of my beautiful white toes add me on kik @ queenstar
taking paint off a garage floor.
Farted loudly while bf was on a important call
telling my brother that the sandwich was our sister's.
Today I Fucked Up by Trying to Treat My Coworkers to Some Bao.
exploring a bottle of fruit water all over my laundry room
sending nudes to a group chat
uninstalling The Witcher 3
throwing up so hard I gave myself Haemorrhoids... which then got infected, which lead to bad anti-biotic reactions.
because I let my dad tell the doctor that “I don’t want a man shoving something up my daughter”.
posting my (supposedly) porn history on a kids subreddit
Today I Fucked Up by riding my bike
ordering what I thought was my mattress size.
shitting my pants in class
even daring to lean over, the humanity. (NSFW sort of)
dropping my phone in the toilet seat
wanting clothing advice
not realizing how cold it was outside before going to the bathroom.
beating my meat after wfh hours ended cutting my fingertip off.
A small incident
using the word “apple” instead of “thank you”
ruining my BF's proposal because I had shit all over my hands
buying $2100 worth of App Store gift cards thinking that they could be used to buy an iPhone from Apple Store online, which it turns out they can’t.
recreating Fenton
leaving a cup on the counter (gory...)
trying to talk to my friends
flashing my longtime friend/ex
asking out a guy in class who I thought was gay
accidentally buying a chest binder and making my bigoted mother think I'm trans.
thinking wax paper would be fine in the oven.
voicing my opinions on Reddit
going into work drunk on my day off
Lifewave İnTouch https://lifewave.com/1099362
doing all the things you should not do when helping a stranger
not pressing the power button on my phone properly
Teen drinking
dropping my ramen
had an orgasm and achieved laser-like super focus that won't fade
snooping around my grandpa's computer
feeding the squirrels
Watching the wrong movie for 10 minutes
burping into a hot mic during one of my online classes.
leaving out my edibles which my mom thought was cake
showing up to my Great Grandmother's 104th birthday party baked out of my mind
having a "lit" 420
almost setting the house on fire because of a fucking lightbulb
asking for information to a woman and scaring her of
having sex and destroying two marriages
having a friends with benefits in college
following a routine.
my “fixed for literally one day” sleep schedule.
not getting gas
snooping on my 13 year old son's phone.
I am on acid. My gf mad AMA
using my frozen pizza box as a cutting board
looking in a naked girls window
having party guests find my sex rag
watching Onward tonight
TIFUpdate Mom found my shrooms
coming to this sub.
buying and using generic SATA cables from Amazon
Enraging A Pyschopath
not realizing you had to bake store bought crispy taco shells
biting my bottom lip my entire life.
putting my dick in a bottle
thinking my manager was a scam caller
using contacts that had been improperly cleaned and losing vision in my eye.
making a post
taking out my phone to skip songs
Gave wife covid.
putting a piece of paper down my pants without looking
traumatizing my now Ex-Girlfriend
Update: I’m the guy who shot himself in the leg in April
not closing my classroom door. Possibly NSFW
By calling my wife a bitch
being accidentally xenophobic to an old friend whom i met after 4 years
Flood from upstairs causes never-ending alarm to go off
thinking a possessed lady invaded my apartment building.
outing my best friend
I'm bald
Pretty sure my doctor now thinks I do drugs.
complimenting my scammer
tossing a package
I hate it when I pee on my balls. It’s over 100° and I’m sitting down.
twice FML
commenting on my companies plans for observing "Juneteenth".
giving a hacker my password
kicking a shit.
eating a bunch of ants while I was stoned
falling off a scooter
fingering my dogs butthole
trying to agree with a stranger on twitter
thinking me and my girlfriend have head lices after taking a bath together
getting dumped by the same guy for the 2nd time after ~35 years
One of the worst moments of my life
TIIFU by not double checking on my aging, faulty car.
I want to scream but i need your help
I broke my Tv because I am the biggest idiot
Thirteen years in the making, an hour ago I discovered what our conversations were all about.
My drunk dad almost getting suckerpunch(messing wit me due to if it went bad not being able to protect him
using online python
running out of plastic for us first responders.
I bought a CD to learn the cello with. It arrived today and when I went to play it, I realised I have no way to play CDs anymore.
letting my bf use my dildo on his mother
drinking too much and getting taken to the hospital and handcuffed to the bed
casting a naughty video on my landlord's smart tv
for having my male cousin catch me sunbathing naked
using Urban Dictionary for my students’ name meaning for “Name Day”
forgetting that professors can forcfully unmute you
I put mint in my toilet, now my butthole burns.
wrecking my rear cycle wheel twice for the second time this week
setting out a digital picture frame
going on a long journey with 3 polish friends
screwing up my solo for my school play, then saying fuck onstage directly afterword, just as loud
mastrubating while high
sending really bad(content wise) memes to a church group chat
buying manga and having my grandma think I joined a cult
telling my father i lost my sweater and losing all my friends
teacher edition
waiting to go to the salon
cracking a rotten egg all over dinner
getting expelled from middle school for not being racist enough
kissing my friend's girlfriend.
being late to work and throwing my un-cocked bag instead of wearing it in my holster and getting robbed.
possibly giving myself some form of nerve damage while masturbating.
telling my wife that I have fantasies of killing her dad and step mom.
causing my meeting partner to have a panic attack and have the EMTs called
Tried to hook up with best friends Mom
posting on snapchat about a mouse my cats caught.
unknowingly driving on an expired registration for almost 5 months
screaming at a copperhead
calling a disabled person ugly
yeeting my Phone Full force cuz of Fortnite Master Chief Revel Video
Almost became a statistic of people drowned in the Kern River
forgetting my girlfriends name at the fair.
locking myself out of my airbnb
making an awful painting in many ways
existing, apparently
talking about stealing a pizza
Not labeling my bag at work
listening to Jeff Waynes War of the worlds in the bath
making my friend think I'm into Kirby (crosspost from r/relationship_advice)
not knowing what American recipes meant by chili powder.
taking a dump and destroying the bathroom in a nursing station.
absolutely annihilating my anesthesiologist right before she put me under.
wearing a butt plug at the airport
giving my 2 year old a dog treat.
smoking reefer in my garage
almost baker acting myself during a job interview
Eating toenail clippings
peeing in a bottle and spilling it all over my room.
breaking my retainer and potentially costing my parents thousands of dollars
today I fucked up more than I've ever fucked something up and (accidentally) raped my girlfriend
making my friend bleed
LPT  watching porn i. My apartment with thin walls, with the windows open, on my phone with wireless headphones that died and then disconnected without my knowing!
Getting Jalapeño on my D...
and launched orange juice into my eyes
not checking that my Bluetooth was off
not muting my microphone during an online class
smoking weed in my parents' house
jumping into a speeding car trying to get my phone back and then almost getting run over
not getting my girlfriend a gift for our anniversary.
dating my bosses daughter
going 200km on the highway (didn’t happen today but over the last 3 days)
Earn From Your Photos
making a different type of cake
eating gummy sweets
getting banned from a great sub for an accidental post on the wrong sub. The post was deleted 2 seconds after posting but I’m still banned.
breaking my ankle in the dumbest way and losing time on a school project
catching feelings very soon (:
drinking coconut juice
(unintentionally) walking behind a woman for too long.
breaking my friends backbag
leaving my tennis wristband on for too long
forgetting to lock the door of the shared bathroom
Volunteering Slip-Up
bathing in my cats “#2”
I was sleepy, don't judge me
also being Jesus for halloween
My dream is to buy a new iPhone
suggesting I have a 9 inch penis.
wanting to know what bluetooth is.
missing a legendary pokemon because of memory.
accidentally subscribing to a “hookup” calendar on my iPhone calendar.... and my events are synced with the family calendar
being a hairy kid who let my aunt wax my armpits and intitiate my mental breakdwown
expressing my opinion on a specific subreddit
using the mobile app for Zoom and thinking I was muted when I wasn’t.
my tongue
casting my 'home video' to the living room TV
Spicy in bed
Scare Failure
allowing a car dealer to keep some profit in the deal.
leaving my fleshlight in my carry on.
devaluing my girlfriend (again)
having a panic attack on Thanksgiving
telling my mom her sugar free cake was amazing.
using less toilet paper to wipe walking into 19 year old girls room, walking out, and running into her mom
putting on strong-scented medicine in the middle of crowded band people
staying up late to study.
giving a taxi driver unnecessary directions
joking that I was kidnapped by a cult
sitting a kid with poor eyesight in the back of the class for a month
Taking My Adderall After Not Sleeping
following good sex advice
mistakenly suggesting someone jump infront of a train
having the tv on
listening to an album on repeat
telling my friends boyfriend that had her ex had a huge cock
trying to send money to my son
posting about my crappy friends on Reddit
shitting my pants at work
making my daughter wear her retainer eight years longer than necessary
creating and nearly uploading a product graphic with the words "Sorry! Display required!"
Math test
spending over an hour writing a guide to post it to here, only to have it downvoted
letting my dog lick her puppies while my other dog was eating.
giving a mate some water
complaining about someone to his brother
calling my girlfriend’s mum a goddam cunt
following an M&amp;m's hack I saw online posted by the Kardassss ians
spilling charcoal powder all over my bathroom
saying lmao and sending uncensored memes
lying to my friend about showing off my excel skills by sharing somebody else's excel file from the internet.
advertising Boner Pills during Zoom class
when I realized I returned the wrong item
drawing a dong on the wall
ruining a budding relationship with bad sex
I got babybel wax in my ear.
Today I fucked up by telling what I thought to a guy micro-aggressing at me online.
getting caught smoking weed on the property by my landlady.
scorching my ass
showing my private tutor my jerk off schedule
almost ALMOST cornholing myself
shitting in a dead old lady's toilet
going to the restroom
hosting a public Zoom event
washing my car while a water pipe was leaking in my basement
making a girl cry and almost losing my job
NSFW, My dad thought the house was burning and I saw his whole dick
responding with “ok” when my therapy client said “I’ll be back, baby” to his wife.
having my phone name as "asspenis2" when the screen repair guy came to fix it
forgetting about the thermos with hot chocolate on the counter....
Cones not Condoms
deforesting.
joining a group cuddle with my friends
clicking on a folder labelled 'pictures' on my families pc and scarring myself mentally for life.
panicking over a blue toilet seat
showing an 8 year old NSFW
accidentally clicking Update on my father's iMac.
shitting myself at a park
using my little brothers chewing toy as a dildo
I ruined my mother's friendship
lit my face on fire
declaring the fact that my friend's roomate's dad was a terrorist
By paying for nude content
burning my girlfriend's vagina
losing a game of strip chess with a guy I hate
beeing too robotic with my procedure.
lecturing my 6 year old daughter about sex
eating a discount burger
Christmas for my 4 year old...but semi-saved it?
wanting whats best for us
lubing our treadmill
knowing that I was banging my cousin all along
Dropped acid and went to Bunnings
masturbating while drunk
accidentally coming out because a friend did, only to find out the friend was quoting song lyrics
accidentally referring to myself as a prostitute.
overstuffing my laundry machine
not getting an English certificate
I used the wrong file format and it cost me my degree in law.
giving my hookup a bag of poo
causing a small explosion in my room
walking downstairs in my family home completely naked
shorting my outlet and "testing" the GFCI
giving my dog her dental pain meds all at once
putting up balloons in my brother's birthday party
offending the heck out of an entire cafe
Putting The Wrong Animals In Boxes
joking with someone who works in the same building.
not selling my weddings rings
TIFI by farting in the shower
sending a tinder match a video of my buddy fucking a hooker at a bachelor party, while we make fun of his micro penis in the background.
Today I fucked up by comforting myself
gamesharing PlayStation games with strangers online
realizing I'm not right handed
letting my man meat touch the toilet seat
advertising my younger brothers 16 years old YouTube video
my friend bit his moniter and it shattered
being a dumbass
telling a lady she couldn't ride the slide
flipping out during break time in school
saying that a man would kidnap me
play the Seinfeld intro at a bad time
making my teacher think im a pervert during an ocd episode.
shaving the wrong hole
giving plasma and getting into a car
trying to get laid and having a loud exhaust.
not reading the instructions to an ejaculating dildo
I'm sick of telemarketers too, but...
I forgot a Director at work locked in the server room
Ginger has very beneficial nutrition of our health.
getting my first citation for sitting in grass.
I actually am a pretty good friend
because my girlfriend ran away from me over fall guys...
calling Anime a cartoon
gluing the dining room butts to the rest of the dining room chairs
eating too many Starbursts and destroying my jaw
making and eating 7 habanero poppers.
almost losing my entire life to a 40 year old man behind a keyboard blackmailing me
calling a plumber
trying on a dress
forgetting I was on a video call
pretending to know something I didn’t
Fell for a phishing scam
venting about my boss when I thought I was muted.
wearing tight black pants.
pooping in a random Airbnb and the toilet won’t flush and my new boyfriend is in the next room and there’s no plunger HELP SOS
eating spicy food despite having ongoing diarrhea
I spent my whole stimulus money on a old 1997 truck that was parked for a year. Now i don’t want it and nobody will buy i total fucked up. Its already having car problems and gas guzzler.
almost blowing up my father's phone
insulting my adopted best friend
chasing a bug around my house now all my friends know
telling my girlfriend I wanted to finger her
running away while a girl was hitting on me.
putting all my sensitive information at public
greening out at the LAX airport
not muting myself during a conference call
Self diagnosed bowel issues when I had kidney stones. Shat myself in the ER
watching Rick and Morty on Pornhub
putting my phone in the wrong pocket
telling my bff of 7 years I loved him more than a friend
peeing all over my bathroom floor
burning parts of my eyebrows, lashes, and hair
agreeing to make my friend come over
being a workaholic
accidentaly throwing a bottle in a car
breaking my girlfriends anniversary present (just a tiny bit)
skimming Google and then burning my eyes.
I have myself 1st degree burn with a poptart.
joking about keying my husband's car.
letting my cousin go on my discord unsupervised.
while cleaning computer motherboard
looking like I was molesting my son
opening a bottle off cola
Almost started a nuclear war with Pakistan!!!!
leaking who my Crush is right next to my crush
reading other's stories
spraining my big toe when kicking my coworker in the ribs.
drinking beer at work at 8:30am
cooking with chilli peppers
smoking a cigarette in the middle of the night.
asking if my long work hours are bad practice. not stealing my grandma's cat
almost killing my car myself
Im an idiot!
not checking which credit card my amazon had set as default
trying to fry schezwan sauce and scaring the living daylights of my friend's roommate.
making a hole in my office wall
A slashing good time
After an accident, I didn't go the ER, because I'm a guy and sure that I was "fine"
asking my crush what is wrong with me.
flashing mum mid-wank
hitting a Duck while magnet fishing (while others were watching!!)
casually accusing the previous occupant of our house of being a pimp
stepping in wet concrete.
having the sexy sex
accepting a gift
breaking my boss’s sofa on a visit to his house and doing other questionable actions
joining an online class near end and than caught lying to my prof
forgetting a password
pegging a random guy on the internet
sharing a fake article (think onion), getting it on the front page, and having people raise their hopes
showing a picture of my penis to my professor
how i fucked up reaully bad
punching my boyfriend
replying to a text while in a meeting. (NSFW)
accidentally leaning my head on a guys crotch
not listening, breaking my foot, and losing my job
Losing my virginity a year ago. At the age of 12
not keeping an eye on my cat and he chewed my Razer headphones.
sleeping in the nude
laughing at a complement
eating too much at a Friday’s
accidentally becoming an ableist in rage
farting in my car while my gf's friend was sitting next to me.
while getting apple strudel
enabling my friend's dumb joke
seizing a opportunity for a sex joke
hanging up on my professor and possibly costing myself a course credit
Strict Dad saw dick on phone
giving my friend our shopping list
dislocating my jaw in the middle of the night.
putting on a fake moustache
"choking" a girl
getting exposed by my cousin
my turning my back while babysitting my girlfriend’s little brother
not checking my pizza order before hitting submit
trying to disprove my anxiety
dropping an F bomb in class
throwing up in a friends car
having too big of a dick
being an honest person.
feeling around my boxers!
flashing a bunch of kids
helping my cousin fix his computer directly ingesting a scoop of Spicy Demonade GFUEL
leaving the cheese grater on the floor with a toddler loose
wearing a hoodie around my waist
using my mom's bedroom rag...
eating my ice cream too fast
rubbing my eyes too hard, might stay blind forever.
having sex with my steaming hot girlfriend
sending a wrong dickpick NSFW
I think my mom wants to disown me.
getting restless while sleeping, landing girlfriend in ER
baking bread
not listening to my friend and getting "Fleeced"
letting my dog on my bed
sharting on a plane.
farting and having a bad stroke of luck
Should've Sent My Ex Home Instead of Letting Her Stay At My Place.
having a pokedex of my sexcapades NSFW
misunderstanding a meme and smashing my phone
joking about WW III
Tranzactionare pe cea mai mare platforma exchange binance
telling my sister my letterboxd username
having my mom discover my c*m sock
taking hydration too seriously
thinking censored out words in chat were not visible to everyone.
karma gettting me back while doing the deed
erasing my mother files.
being unmuted in class while playing among us
I got pissed on
breaking the bed
asking my wife about her weight.
sitting in a bath to cool down and didnt realise my cat is an idiot
getting a quote for a bathtub replacement
Potentially Ruining a Co-Workers Relationship After Picking Up His GF
listening to the radio.
This post on gofundme :c
putting vapor-rub on my daughter’s boo-boo.
my sharing my feelings
welcoming my wife home
challenging my mom for defending my girlfriend who slapped me twice
trying to help my dog
The Snowball Dance
defending porns nonconnection with paedophilia.
posting a meme about Tom and Jerry.
Not Wearing Gloves or Using My Brain
shaving my b*lls with a crappy razor
asking a girl out who has a boyfriend
moving in to NY on a Sunday and getting my super pissed because he has to give me the keys on a Sunday when he's suppose to be off work.
getting pavlov’d to have a daddy kink (NSFW)
eating my office’s Christmas gift
drinking weed syrup mixed with iced tea.
getting high as shit and trying to hookup in college
sexing too sexily
replying rudely to a spam email.
eating coriander (cilantro) after bagging people out for hating it
massively offending an elderly Japanese man
le sexy sex i sexed in the le sexy sex im a girl btw
kissing my SO twinsister.
drinking a entire can of condensed milk
Showed my boss at my new job a D pic
not checking a bag before lifting it.
not removing my search history on a non incognito tab on google.
Sent home
Maybe the worst f up ever to date I ever did...
adopting another dog
causing the "talk"
not having my audio muted during the meeting
I accidentally had myself unmuted in a PlayStation party while having sex
postponing washing pressure cooker  🤮🤢
flipping off my grandparents when they honked at me
accidentally hooking up with my coworker
having one too many shots of Makers Mark
swapping my dry shampoo for deodorant
using the wrong tube.
not putting the box of candy back right
seasoning my dutch oven with a Ziploc bag
reporting my car stolen
bringing a full cup of freshly brewed coffee in the car
trusting a porta potty
badly cutting myself and missing a date (again)
when I burned my eyes with rum and drank my friend's spit
Research
getting pizza sauce in my wife's hoo ha
sleeping with a guy who is the most annoying person on the planet
trying to be handy and fix my dishwasher
accidentally killing both of my parents computers
telling the guy I'm seeing that I want to visit him
sending a message on Snapchat to my story instead of to a friend.
letting curiosity get the better of us..
picking up a cactus
getting too stoned.
scrolling through r/horriblydepressing
breaking my dad's toilet.Tying to impress my crush in my dream car. An AE86 corolla
Jalapeño in the ass
calling a bird "Vagina"
cutting jalapeños and then rubbing one out 🌶🔥💦🥲
MEETING A GIRL WITH A PSYCHO BF AND THEN HITTING A DEER
being in horny jail for too long
using Trojan Fire and Ice to lose my virginity
making my mom think I drugged my sister to sexually abuse her
guessing a friends suicide
getting frisky with bf in the morning over video call being lazy with home automation and making a budget sauna
Driver instructor was on phone &amp; I failed?
disturbing a peaceful and quiet National Park Campground
being oblivious to a cute lesbian couple
letting my employers know I use weed
fucking my friends taxidermied dog
blowing my nose with meatloaf in my mouth
trying to steal my housemates car
If you want to have some fun at Zoom
attempting to thaw out some chicken and flooding the house.
burning a brush pile on a windy day
not knowing when to keep my mouth shut
puking on my date
placing my external hard drive on the front of my laptop.
Today I fucked up falling asleep at work
uploading the wrong resume
exploding a box of packing peanuts at a clients home.
changing shirts with a chest full of hivkies Infront of my parents with my girlfriend in the room
forgetting to clean my cat's litter box for two months.
having just probiotic capsules and 1L of kombucha for breakfast.
Getting myself in trouble with my parents over working and getting myself kicked out of uni and home...
trying to help my gf out of a very bad head space because of the covid-19.
challenging a former HS track athlete to a race
sending hate mail to my old teacher who was mugged soon after.
Keeping up with a lurcher
I peeled have my nail off and ended up at the ER
mooning my entire department on a videoconference
clearing out my office building
causing my school to shut down
buying MK11 "Bundle"
giving a redditor an award
sending a kinky, hardcore porn link to my mormon family chat group.
having sex with my gf at our holiday home
TBH just casually fucking up.
eating a pack of Oreos and not learning from my mistake an hour later.
choosing where to sit in class.
wiping out an old man's bank account.
realising I'm the culprit of the puddles on the bathroom floor
I should probably keep my mouth shut
eating a bag of hard candies
and flashed an entire class of year 11 boys
not checking my texts
flirting with my cousin's wife during a zoom call.
Accidentally texted parents about being on MDMA
accidentally attending a sex party and making eye contact with a guy that called himself “Indiana Bones”
breaking up with my GF through WhatsApp
I asked an elderly man to give me a ride to work
Losing Someone I Cared About
coming out of the closet
trying to activate MS Office using untrusted activators
HOW I WON THE WAR, BUT LOST MY DIGNITY
playing catch with a drunk guy.
basically violating my client's privacy
being romantically serenaded by Quake
I asked a Man if he was my uber driver!
almost cutting my finger off
not realizing how Webcourse submissions work
nearly giving the girl i like a cuncussion.
Forgot the speaker
cutting my face with an electric razor.
By putting money in my pocket
leaving a hot drink on the arm of our leather sofa after years of my mum telling me not to do exactly that
at a KFC
checking my account thinking the n-word was just a generic insult
drinking hand sanitizer to get drunk
and realized I walked past a BUNCH of red flags and might be a deadbeat dad..
letting my attention wane in a zoom meeting...
being poopy shy.
making my friends think I was gonna commit suicide while taking a dump
deciding to watch Indiana Jones with my parents
taking a stinky poop in the Women's bathroom (I'm a male)
making money fly
burning my husbands penis
Running Over My Own Car Keys whilst on Holiday
eating only tacobell
trying to cuddle my unwilling cat while having a bad back. It was an udder mistake.
exposing a cabin crew
changing the rules of r/
eating my wife’s multivitamin
Nigger
when talking to a stranger in the city of Atlanta
finding my nurse attractive.
almost banging a 16 year old. I'm 22.
because I decided to jump back on social media after a 3 month Haitus .
watching toy story 3 with the boys
feeding my autistic little brother too many beans
eating a ton of food before my baseball practice
thinking I could fix my kitchendrain myself.
getting my 14 month old son a skin fade hair cut
I Sent A Video Of A Jerking Off Guy In Minecraft To My Girlfriend
and have lost the right to drive for a year because of a lie
telling Discord I was three and getting my account deleted
almost taking a stranger's shopping cart by accident
meeting a girl named Rhea
deleting my laptop’s EFI partition
coping with stress with an unlocked door.
being fried out of my mind for Christmas dinner
throwing cyanoacrylate glue to my eye.
thinking I was late to work
asking Reddit if I should name my baby after a Star Wars character
splurting diarrhea up the back of the toilet.
washing my car with a dish sponge.
thinking my wife’s topless photo was an older woman...NSFW
Dislocating My Girlfriend’s Knee Cap
letting the gates come wide open...
NOT answering the front door and/or playing video games in my underwear.
telling a girl my attraction towards her went to 0.
accidentally burping into my face mask during work
going into the wrong restroom
doing the sex with my partner when it was definitely not a good idea to be doing the sex!
being too lazy and thus missing my flight
oil+new shirt=angry sister
jacking off
sending a venmo request to a girl at my gym
retaliating against my bully
My father thinks in a terrorist
finding my parent’s sex toys
ordering a coffee at starbucks and nearly getting destroyed by a massive black dude
eating a piece of chicken
smashing the back of my best friends car
not knowing where to finish when I touched myself
I opened my door while there was ash on it.
Going for the Wrong Girl
in many small ways.
messaging someone on Facebook
having end stage kidney disease and asking my stepbrother if he’d like to be tested for a possible donor match.
Not Telling My Husband I Love Him.
not controlling my word vomit in public
keeping my mammy doll gag gifts in my living room.
Messed up and possibly lost my husband..
sacrificing my face for my 4K tv.
breaking my grandmas wine glass from Italy
going for a late snack
leaving my phone in my pocket.
calling out blatantly fake posts on r/insaneparents &amp; r/choosybeggars
letting my son eat in my bed.
texting my ex-wife that I showed our daughter a 15 inch dick.
sending my entire work group chat a picture of a big black cock
ignoring "CALL THE POLICE! CALL THE POLICE RIGHT NOW!" Karen said.
addressing my boyfriends best friend as “babe” by mistake in front of him.
spilling water on my roommate's laptop
leaving my mic open in a zoom call
making a cocaine reference in front of my seven-year-old
FIRST OF ALL: This is a throwaway account
shouting at a stranger for trying to break into "my" car
ruining sexy time with my wife
Today I fucked up by letting my grandmother do my laundry.
peeing myself in front of my bfand my mom
Using parcel tape instead of masking tape when painting.
Today I really fucked up
not washing my hands well after making dinner.
not moving all my porn from the computer.
trying to give a blind guy a puzzle book
Friendzoned (I think)
Cooking Pierogies
telling everyone I got a job
not realising I’ve been sharing the same toothbrush as my brother for the past month until now
buying a face mask buying a face mask
spilling someones coffee all over my car
Shit my pants in the 5th grade
losing 340$ in tips
pooping in my girlfriends mouth
after staying up all night, falling asleep on the couch when I was caught doing something downstairs (uh oh!!)
CPAP woes
letting my cat keep a mystery toy he found.
i set the wrong time for an alarm and missed the neowise commit.
realizing I jokingly self-invited myself to a wedding
laughing during a minutes silence
getting arrested for a kilo of cocain.
forgetting fish don’t need to breath air.
attempting to cool a burrito
wiping my ass standing up.
nearly giving my mom a heart attack.
coming out to my wife about my BDSM addiction.
Getting My Own Mum Detained/Arrested
Watching Live Porn For The First Time (NSFW)
ignoring medical advice and fainting
Leaking and Bleeding All Over a Macy's Chair
writing a comment about my teacher , now could get in legal trouble.
writing an email to my prof
sending my new boss an email, got reply from his lawyer
accidentally scaring a horse
getting my house searched by prank calling collection services
not being able to stop a horse with a feather
eating a burnt candy and vomiting
eating noodles so hot that I came to work late the next day
bleeding from my ass all over my couch.
assaulting a NPC and getting some harsh game karma.
yelling at my dog for shitting on my bed, then skipping the zoom meeting.
Trying to contact my ex, so he could talk to his daughter
letting my mom discover my c*m sock
thinking AC is dying.
leaving our new cleaning lady a 'welcome gift'
Lied about a homework assignment I didn't do
accidentally masturbating loudly with my family home. I even released a loud moan.
making my teacher and my classmates think I don't shower
pretending to furiously jerk off using toothpaste for the 'money shot' on my wife
Trying To Park (But totally Won)
FUCK YOU ALL YOU FUCKING ASSHOLES
getting my wang caught in a refrigerator(possibly nsfw)
slapping my yoga instructor
having a variety of backpacks
opening up my hentai stash while on share screen with a student I'm tutoring online...
doing stuff i shouldn't have now I am totally Fucked
wearing fake nails
watching the bus drive by
Not today...
walking around target with my pants ripped in the back.... I 23F
accidentally putting on a porn show for an unsuspecting elderly couple.
being a mom.
upvoting my own comment.
exposing myself to my friends
accidentally naming a house plant after a girl I met on Reddit
insisting on washing my work’s iced coffee dispenser *palm face*
trying to be edgy
thinking I've been going out with someone, when they didn't think the same.
using shower oil as lube.
letting my girlfriends brother stay with us to get his life on track
using a Kermit Gif right before a potential death
not know what hats were
telling my trans wife that I don't care about fake ladies
taking a piss after using peppers
drinking out of a dirty bottle for 2 months
microwaving butter
posting video debunking 5G myths on Facebook, got my account suspended for “fake identity” reports. YAFUD.
letting my rats eat my dead nipple skin.
mentioning a former co-worker's physical condition to a new co-worker with the same condition
faking my own arrest.
having a miscarriage in my boyfriend's bed and now his mother can't look him in the eye
realizing this whole reddit is just sex posts karma farming
trying to play Minecraft with my sibling
not wearing a seat belt to go eight blocks
playing madden during my online class.
not setting my parking brake
Suddenly touched my female customer boobs
making a coronavirus joke next to the wrong person
telling my best friend that I liked her
i forgot my math homework
calling my teacher an ungrateful butt.
using a foot peeling mask
calling my mailman a "sweetheart"
not having a real medical reason to WFH and now my company wants proof
meaning to txt my boyfriend but txting the group chat we had with his older brother instead
going to a gore sub.
calling 911 because I thought I looked like a Simpsons character in the mirror while tripping balls on mushrooms
smoking a dab meant for 3 people
telling my ex gf her vagina didn’t taste/smell good.
failing to unplug a caravan battery
not wishing my best friend on his marriage. He was disappointed that I won't come but now he isn't even replying.
dancing in front of my mirror with my headphones on
Not really funny but embarrassing at my stupidity
playing a sexual song next to my in-laws
realizing that my crush had a crush on me
trying to get INTIMATE with my first cousin.
snapping with my best friend
burning my hand and causing other scienty damage by not liking cold lasagna
not differentiating between the action "to duck" and the bird shaving with one hand
reading a about porn
making my job much harder than it needed to be... for 3 years!
taking xanax
using the wrong bathroom at work.
buying condoms and lube when my ex gf was at the kiosk.
getting up in the middle of night to put a cake in front of my ex gfs door
sneezing right in a jogger's face from 3 feet away without a mask on
throwing up on my husband
trying to clean wireless earbuds
Ate some hot food, touched my penis.
texting an old school crush
I threw a baguette through my friends window
eating too many chocolate truffles
rolling my car avoiding a deer
telling my mom i bought drugs online
my farting in drama class
shooting my dad with a nerf gun
allowing my 3 year old to name a cat
joking about a dead sibling I didn't know about
letting my gf mother clean the apartment
Stifled a sneeze and almost died
"forcing" myself on my pet cat.
unintentionally scaring the piss outta some poor girl
having sex with
Buying An Onlyfans Subscription
not saying no to a concert
not submitting an assignment
telling my husband he technically raped me in college.
wearing a tank top that was too loose
saying a girl’s dog’s dong was big
for clicking a subreddit link
accidentally sending a meme to a friend who just shared some really bad news with me
eating a silicone wristband
at my local laundromat by ‘trying to steal’ a strangers bra and creeping everyone out.
not deleting old porn posts on Reddit
paying £20 to carrier unlock a phone, when it was already unlocked.
sending THAT kind of snap to the wrong girl
trying to improve my dental ambience while traveling in metro.
adopting my much older friend
forgetting my girlfriend's birthday...
admitting to my mom that my bf has schizophrenia.
drinking a whole 16oz bottle of tobasco sauce for a $50 bet
trying to negotiate my raise with work.
breaking my notebook in pure rage.
getting high with my dad and ending up in the ER.
giving a customer a refund on a gift card.
for "worshipping" my wife and getting her fired
taking an evil girl home
slamming my car door right in front of my face.
not closing the porn on my phone before a date
having sex when I wasn't feeling well
spending my life savings on starting a business in the UK right before coronavirus hit
having a sinus infection and smelling something burning.
Decided to look up gay porn, now my mom thinks im gay.
borrowing a sock from my brother
Dancing Across the Street PBS News hour
being a good hamster mom
buying a phone i couldn't afford
Whats that on your underwear"
eating McDonald’s at the airport
buying donuts after school
quickly throwing on an old, ratty shirt
i said to doctor that i had anal, even if i didnt
showing my mom a cute pic of my cat
nearly destroying my pen with the force of my ass cheeks
when I auctioned my house to my mom.
smacking the concrete
wearing a see through dress to work
Nudes sent across instagram
thinking the word "boobs" aloud
sticking it into a homeless woman.
sitting through an entire job interview with a hole in my pants
telling my dad I didn’t want to speak to him which prompted him to swear at me
not wearing a bandaid
telling my Dad I have a relationship with a Minor
releasing a shiny mythical pokemon
Today I fucked up by Complimenting James charles Tits
leaving my phone unlocked in class
lightly biting the area between thumb and index finger
Calling a Woman Fat
not reading the instructions on the exam paper properly
making some poor sandwich choices
bringing a Grenade to First Grade Show and Tell
because of my haircut
using a racial slur in my morning work meeting
sending a audio message to the wrong person, a customer
hysterically laughing as the only other person in the toilet stall's arse exploded
Homeless man caught me masturbating in public
drinking some hot cocoa with extra protein
making a pie
not closing my browser window before closing my laptop.
introducing my coworker to Qanon
Going To The Beach And Masturbating In The Shower
being elected to public office
eating too many edibles
by Committing A Major Party Foul
possibly losing my best friend
dropping my airpod pro in a bowl of shit
training my rabbit
Slept with my business partner wife
I had the most embarrassing booty call of my life.
forgetting my best friends birthday
staying at my grandma's house for 2 weeks with nothing to do.
Spending my Stimulus
waiting to poop.
cutting my husband's cloths
but stretching my ears while having Covid.
putting chili on pizza
trying to surprise my wife and making think I was having an affair
thinking plans were cancelled when they actually weren't
playing the harmonica in class
moving a frog trying to save it
farting at a nightclub
taking sleep meds and playing online Blackjack
TIFUUPDATE by taking free condoms from my college
not giving a f*ck about my cousins
making a lame joke and forgetting my friends dad is dead
having SEX with my SEXY SEX GIRLFRIEND (I USED MY PENIS TO FUCK HER)
almost shitting my pants up on top a wind turbine.
finding a flashdrive and looking what was on it.
weed whacking..
putting my hand through a glass door
playing a porn video on my phone
got dumped by gf because of i wouldnt give her my full name
taking the dirt road before a shower
getting ear piercings
sleeping with my girlfriend's friend
Today I fucked up by masturabting to my sister.
tring pure nicotine for the first time.
changing my pfp to black on discord
not understanding French slang
entering the wrong fitting rooms
giving a girl my Snapchat at school.
spending $80 unlocking a phone
not spending any time in my room
telling my Muslim cashier she looked like pornstar Mia Khalifa
Broken glass candy
accidentally going live on Facebook while my boyfriend and I were fucking.
hailing the wrong bus
Going Crazy in a good way while on Quarentine
fucking 6 girls at one time which caused vaginas and dicks to burn and my step mom walked in on us (NSFW!!!!)
training myself to poop
giving a neighbor a break
mistaking a friend’s girlfriend for another person
accidentally feeding my Grandma my ejaculate
breaking a condom and a bit of my dick
testing if my tongue would stick to cold metal. It does and now my tongues bleeding
making a reddit post and basically getting swatted
leaving my phone at the office
taking a wish.com knife through airport security
taking a shit.
Sent a XXX message to my sister instead of my graduation announcement
giving the Gluck Gluck 9000 and flashing my dad
telling my online friend I got surgery
posting on reddit.
burning my fish alive
sending my gf's nudes to my teacher
being an irritating teen
tearing off labels
saying I was going to ‘jack off’ on my break over the radio comm at work.
taking a huge dump at work...
having sex at my GFs grandmathers house.
accusing my girl friend of having an std while doing it
getting my boyfriend an Apple Watch
farting on a zoom call with my companies CEO.
revealing my deepest secret to my closest friend who was having difficulty sleeping
starting an argument with my husband last week that i now feel stupid for and i owe him a lot of sexual favors lol
not locking the door while shaving my hoohoo
sharting at a funeral
not letting my family know my brother and I were staying out late
ruining a surprise.
My Friend Fucked Up
not washing my feet for years
letting my cat be in my Zoom meetings
accidentally deleting a students half yearly report card.
cleaning and organizing
soliciting private classes from a sketchy site.
stocking up last minute
drastically overestimating how much weight someone could gain in a short span of time..
getting my ring fully stuck on my finger
Getting Blackout Drunk and Admitting Both Unrequited Love AND Plan Z for Suicide
smoking a cigarette in the great outdoors
being naively racist during a middle school project
calling my boyfriend about my stomach pains ended up just needing to fart
literally having a ‘bruh’ moment
almost getting electrocuted in flooded apartment
sold my car to a dealership updated.
permanently disfiguring my dick, leading to an STD
drinking water from my rainwater tap.
ordering so much online over quarantine, our toddler thinks we have an unfair magic mailbox
talking about my bathroom ‘Misadventure’ clearing out my entire office building
sleeping with my ex who has a boyfriend
trying to break apart a taped up box in a "manly man" way.
sleepwalking into the wrong room of a hostel
making an entire clinic believe I was in the aryan brotherhood
TIFUpdate, waited to ask a girl out because I wanted to do it on new year's eve. taking dick pics in a public shower and making over 200 soldiers think I was jacking off
nearly drowning 3 times in a row
getting bleach in my eye
calling someone a jerk moments before they died.
leaning my guitar against the wall
Made a bet that the Coronavirus wasn’t going to be a big deal in a year
squirting ants all over my boyfriend’s dick
backchatting my area manager.
telling a big lie and getting caught right in the middle of it
not watching my younger brothers alcohol consumption.
making out with my girlfriend and getting caught by her Christian dad...
taking too much Laxatives.
not being nicer to my sister
Jerking Off with the Window Open.
rev bombing a sobriety check point
trying to buy weed from my neighbor’s mother.
losing my virginity in the worst way possible.
pulling the toilet paper roll too hard in the bathroom
My Coronavirus fu
pooping in public during an argument with my wife
dropping a heavy wooden toilet seat on my penis.
accidently telling my brother he unknowingly drank my urin when I was young...
I shared with m Leftist family my sadness over the grief of Trumpists
reading a post on relationship advise
swearing to loud and got slaped in the face HARD
trying to masterbate
spilling a beer on my pregnant girlfriend
showing my friends screenshots of someone talking shit about them
not realising Zootopia and Zootropolis are the same film.
updating/securing my best friend's laptop, only to end up DESTROYING it.
getting stressed out for no reason, and breaking a glass bottle.
stubbing my toe so hard it split open
guessing my partner’s mobile password
screwing up my chances with a hot girl
walking in on a kid using the bathroom
parking way too close to a bush
eating fish in a crowded NYC office for a very late lunch.
letting my husbands girlfriend move in with us.
ignoring my mom's texts.
almost having sex with a gay guy (as a woman)
watching GoT Sex Scene with my father
calling my friend a crow
fainting on a first day.
accidentaly unmuting my mic. pocket dialling the police
killing a man.
telling a hookup I am (technically) a virgin while we were having sex
almost leaving work half and hour early
buying my wife a sex book
asd
slipping on the kitchen rug.
not leaving a whatsapp group with nazi imagery and little kids in it
The mystery of our missing Branch Manger
buying a dog online
I searched nsfw content on my school account.
jeidjgkfk
not getting off the chairlift
Looked at something questionable on accident and my older brother saw it :(
making a woman crash her car in distrsss
